Chapter 1108 - 1108 Returning To The Origin Space-Time (3)

1108 Returning to the Origin Space-time (3)

It was actually very difficult to nurture a demigod. Even the strongest of Emperor Wu’s nine battle pets was only top-notch totem battle power. As for Shi Yu’s pet, because its foundation was very solid, it could completely break through to a demigod next.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

If he did this, Shi Yu would dare to challenge Yun An alone even without any help.

In the next two days, Shi Yu used his identity as a black merchant to start another round of ancient procurement. Some rare resources that had already disappeared in the modern era were purchased by Shi Yu.

In the past two days, Emperor Wu had been hurriedly recovering from his injuries and adjusting his state, preparing to welcome his parting battle with Shi Yu.

In fact, Emperor Wu felt that he didn’t do much in the battle with Yun An. Be it Baby Ginseng’s explosion or the forbidden domain maintained by Ling and Buggy, they greatly reduced the pressure of his battle. For Emperor Wu, the first credit for this battle would definitely be Shi Yu’s.

Regarding Shi Yu’s unfathomable strength, even in the battle with a demigod, Emperor Wu felt that he had yet to see it clearly. Seeing that Shi Yu was about to leave, the belligerent Emperor Wu couldn’t give up this opportunity.

“After sparring with Emperor Wu tomorrow, we should go back.” Shi Yu was talking to Ling and the others about the battle tomorrow.

Ling looked pitiful. It only hoped that its teammates’ defensive Skills would be awesome and exciting. It hoped that Emperor Wu wouldn’t break through its defense and punch it.

…

A day later, Shi Yu and Emperor Wu appeared in the Yun Nation again.

At this moment, this place was already in ruins. It was best to make this place a battlefield for the second battle.

On the Desolate Land, Emperor Wu looked at Shi Yu opposite him with a serious expression.

He was certain that although Shi Yu wasn’t the Beast Tamer with the highest level of space and time in the future, he was definitely the Beast Tamer with the strongest talent and potential. Otherwise, Shi Yu wouldn’t have transmigrated into space and time, something that went against common sense.

Although it was a pity that he couldn’t fight the legendary Shi Yu, the current outcome was also very satisfying for Emperor Wu.

“Rules, everyone fights,” Emperor Wu said.

In terms of pets, Shi Yu actually had the advantage. However, Little Ji, Duckie, Little Purple, and Qi were really weak at the moment. Shi Yu didn’t plan to let them participate in this battle.

“Alright.” Opposite Emperor Wu, Shi Yu was wearing a black and red mecha suit that Emperor Wu had never seen before. He nodded seriously.

“Of course, I won’t take advantage of you. After all, my level is two levels higher. An hour, and the sparring is limited to an hour. If I can’t defeat you during this period of time, I’ll just admit defeat,” Emperor Wu said.

“During this period of time, I’ll do my best.”

Shi Yu smiled and said, “Really? You have to think about it carefully. You originally had a chance to win, so don’t throw this opportunity away yourself.”

“Haha.” Emperor Wu shook his head and said, “It doesn’t matter. After all, it’s just a spar. It’s impossible for us to fight with all our might. Your ginseng baby’s self-destruction and the Sea Cleansing Spirit of the Blue Sea Sprite have already been used on Yun An. The current you isn’t at your peak battle power at all.”

Boom!!!

As soon as Emperor Wu finished speaking, he directly fused with his eight pets. His two-meter-tall body suddenly increased to ten meters tall. The standard armor he was originally wearing outside immediately changed into a red Ghost Armor with a bull-horned helmet.

It was said that this was armor made of demigod-level bull bones as the main material. A new spirit was born later and was obtained and contracted by Emperor Wu. It was named Emperor Wu Armor, one of Emperor Wu’s main protective armor.

Apart from that, the characteristics of the other pets also appeared on Emperor Wu one by one, making him an ultimate monster with the image of a beast warrior.

“How are you going to face me in this form?” Emperor Wu slowly floated up and looked at Shi Yu.

This state could be said to be the peak state of fusing the level-nine Fusion Talent and the power of the nine totem lives into one. The reason why it couldn’t become a quasi-divine skill was because the power was too mixed.

After all, it came from nine different lives.

Compared to that pure single power, it was even harder to touch the corresponding laws.

However, this didn’t mean that Emperor Wu’s attack was weak. Emperor Wu’s punch was just like the huge eagle in the Shen Feng Nation that purely relied on energy levels to become demigod-level battle power. It directly completed a different Dao Validation. One relied purely on extreme energy, while the other purely relied on extreme physical strength. Although there were no quasi-divine skills, it was better than a demigod.

“Dad taught me to use magic to defeat magic,” Shi Yu said with a smile.

“Huh?” Emperor Wu revealed a confused expression. What did he mean?

Father… Shi Yu’s father… was probably also a rare super expert in the world, at leasst legendary level.

At this moment, just as Emperor Wu was in deep thought about how strong Shi Yu’s father was and who he was, Shi Yu raised his palm.

A green and white spinning Rubik’s Cube appeared in Shi Yu’s palm in the black and red mecha battle suit. Then, it kept splitting and increasing!!

“That Mechanic life form.” Emperor Wu’s heart skipped a beat.

Hu hu hu!!!

At this moment, as Ling kept splitting, it turned into a small cube that filled the sky and wrapped around Shi Yu. Soon, Shi Yu’s figure disappeared in front of Emperor Wu.

In its place, under the entanglement of the substantialized green hurricane, a huge humanoid mecha 20 meters tall gradually formed!!

The huge mecha’s entire body was white as the base. It had red, blue, and black colors as support. Its limbs, head, and body had layers of mechanical devices.