Chapter 1107 - 1107 Returning To The Origin Space-Time (2)

1107 Returning to the Origin Space-time (2)

Apart from the Time Sprite’s main body, creatures that transmigrated through space and time would be rejected by space and time according to their strength. The longer they stayed, the stronger the rejection, until they were expelled into the space and time flux by this space and time.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

As a demigod, it would consume more energy to bring Yun An to transmigrate. Secondly, it wouldn’t stay long if it brought it back to the modern era.

If he killed Yun An and turned it into an undead, he could erase its life force and consciousness and transform it into a pure puppet. Unfortunately, Chi Tong’s undead space couldn’t withstand the totem-level undead of the Mythical Race at the moment.

Moreover, that would be too wasteful. It would lose the original intention of being a sustainable resource.

However, Shi Yu wasn’t someone who would suffer a loss. After all, he had consumed all of Susu’s Sea Cleansing Spirit here. However, Shi Yu didn’t go overboard. He only took a small portion of the meteorite fragments as labor remuneration.

Compared to all the fragments taken from Yun An’s body, these meteorite fragments were a drop in the bucket. However, they could fully arm the modern Iron-eating Beast Corps. The number was just right.

As for later, after all, there was still Yun An in this space-time. The Yun An in this space-time was stronger and larger. With his experience fighting the ancient Yun An this time, Shi Yu believed that soon after returning, the Yun An in this space-time wouldn’t be arrogant for long.

Emperor Wu sealed Yun An in the ruins space. After Shi Yu killed all the subordinates Yun An summoned in two to three moves, the two of them looked at each other and started to return to Dong Huang.

“How long can you stay?” Emperor Wu said.

“In another three days, the strength of the spatial rejection should increase by another level,” Shi Yu said.

“Let me entertain you well for the next three days,” Emperor Wu said.

Shi Yu smiled. “It’s a deal.”

…

The battle between Shi Yu, Emperor Wu, and Yun An looked fast, but it actually took a total of four hours for them to leave the border of Dong Huang and return.

Four hours was neither long nor short. At this time, the Iron-eating Beast Corps at the border of Dong Huang and some trusted factions of Emperor Wu inside Dong Huang were extremely anxious.

The battle fluctuations of the battle between Emperor Wu and the others had already spread throughout the entire Eastern Continent, especially Dong Huang, which was closest to the Yun Nation. Places like Wu Ling City could feel an obvious vibration.

Baby Ginseng’s ultimate self-destruction even made the atmospheric fluctuations spread throughout Blue Planet, making countless experts raise their eyebrows slightly.

It could be said that if it weren’t for the fact that Ling and Buggy used the forbidden domain to restrict the range of their battle, it might be very difficult to determine the winner of this huge battle if they didn’t level the surrounding totem countries.

Before long, the outcome of this battle should spread throughout the world. The legendary Beast Tamer Emperor Wu of the Eastern Ancient Nation defeated a powerful demigod again.

After killing two demigods in a row, Dong Huang, who had Emperor Wu presiding over it, would become one of the most powerful factions on Blue Planet. Its reputation would deter thousands of potential enemies.

Without Yun An’s interference, the Emperor Wu of this space and time might lead Dong Huang into a stronger country. The evaluations of the future generations would definitely improve.

“His Majesty Emperor Wu, it’s His Majesty Emperor Wu!!!”

They naturally sensed the fluctuations of the battle. Now, be it Shi Yu or Emperor Wu, they looked to have returned intact. Did this mean that Yun An had already been killed?

“Inform the entire country… that Yun An and the twelve generals under him have been killed.” Emperor Wu walked onto the high platform step by step, and Shi Yu yawned beside him.

He didn’t let Emperor Wu preserve his merits, nor did he really want the position of general or even guardian. After all, he wasn’t from this space and time. He might not come in the future. If the people knew that apart from Emperor Wu, there was also such a powerful Beast Tamer, it would purely be an additional responsibility for nothing.

Just like Buggy’s account name, he only wanted to be a pure [Time Traveler].

Or rather, [Space-time Black Merchant].

At the same time, when everyone heard Emperor Wu say that the Yun Nation had been destroyed, these soldiers who had been tense and guarding the border for many years immediately relaxed and revealed extremely surprised expressions.

“Long live His Majesty Emperor Wu!!!”

Cheers resounded throughout the city.

Among the few people, such as Ji Mengzhu, their gazes landed on Shi Yu beside Emperor Wu. Although they didn’t know Shi Yu’s true origin like Emperor Wu, they knew very well that apart from Emperor Wu’s divine bravery, it was all thanks to this person that this battle and the previous crisis could have such a perfect outcome.

A legend Beast Tamer comparable to a Legendary expert recruited by the country!

….

That night, Shi Yu drank happily. It was rare for Eleven to eat more. It ate the meteorite fragment for a long time, but it didn’t dare to digest it.

Its Demon God Body had already reached the highest proficiency below transcendent. If it increased its level a little more, it would lead it to the totem level.

Therefore, after Eleven ate the meteorite fragment, it could only store the power of the Demon God in the source of physical strength for future eruptions.

Shi Yu felt that when his first Beast Taming Space broke through to level eight, he might be able to contract a totem level above his level.

Be it Eleven, Chi Tong, Baby Ginseng, or Ling, after they reached the totem level, because they were Mythical Races, they would immediately have [ demigod-level] battle power.