Chapter 1101 - 1101 The Worst Demigod In History (1)

1101 The Worst Demigod in History (1)

A week later, the autumn wind blew.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Eleven stood on the golden ground and looked at the fallen Demon God Iron-eating Beast opposite it. It let out a sixth triumphant roar.

It, the Panda King, was invincible!

In the blink of an eye, a week passed. Emperor Wu’s heart ached even more.

Under Baby Ginseng’s healing, his pet and Shi Yu’s pet started a week of high-intensity sparring special training.

The cruel truth was that in a one-on-one battle, Panda King Eleven, Green Dragon Buggy, Baby Ginseng Emperor, Sword Maiden Chi Tong, Star Sea Sprite Susu, and the ultimate Mechanical Ling were almost impossible to defeat.

Every pet of Emperor Wu couldn’t defeat these six pets in a one-on-one situation.

Only Little Ji, the overlord who could bully the land, and Duckie, the overlord of the ocean, found a chance of winning here.

In a week, Shi Yu had already copied the [Fusion Technique] into his hand.

Shi Yu had already obtained the EXP for Emperor Wu’s top-notch Fusion Talent development.

He even packed a lot of evolution materials and countless items of the faith of the four holy beasts.

In exchange, Susu used a portion of the demigod-level cleansing power to help Emperor Wu and the others remove the remaining incurable injuries in their bodies.

At the same time, Shi Yu provided the World Tree Fruit, allowing Emperor Wu to develop his top-notch Fusion Talent faster. The current Emperor Wu could already fuse eight pets at the same time.

It was already very close to the peak stage of the fusion of nine pets.

At that moment, Ling had also completed the positioning device and restriction Arms. Shi Yu and Emperor Wu were discussing the final overall attack.

“Yun An should still be healing his injuries now. It’s just nice to launch a Pounce on it.”

“At that time, my ginseng baby will carry out the first round of attack.”

“Buggy, Ling, you’re in charge of restricting Yun An’s escape and self-destruction and maintaining the restriction domain.”

“Then, Senior Emperor Wu, you guys launch an all-out attack. The target is Yun An.”

“Eleven, Chi Tong, and I are in charge of dealing with its generals and subsequent support.”

“This is the most ideal situation. If an accident happens, it will change according to the various directions analyzed by Ling.”

“That’s the arrangement.” Emperor Wu nodded and looked at Shi Yu seriously.

“I hope everything can go smoothly. I look forward to a real battle with you after defeating Yun An.”

Emperor Wu referred to the real battle where the Beast Tamers of both parties also participated in the battle and all their pets fought.

He admitted that he had lost in a one-on-one battle between pets.

However, if it was a full-strength battle, Emperor Wu believed that he definitely wouldn’t lose. After all, nine combined into one was enough to suppress demigods.

“Alright,” Shi Yu said with a smile.

At that time, a fusion martial artist vs a fusion mecha.

“Your Majesty Emperor Wu, Shi Yu.” As the overall attack approached, the Iron-eating Beast Corps’ defense of the border was even stricter. As a messenger, Ji Mengzhu reported to them,

“Everything is ready.”

“Alright, half a day later, at sunrise, we’ll officially launch an all-out attack!!” Emperor Wu said.

[You have to return successfully.] Ji Mengzhu didn’t sleep well this week. She had been worried that the two of them would launch an all-out attack today.

In a complete battle with Yun An, although he felt that his side had a huge advantage, the opponent wasn’t weak either…

“There’s no need to worry too much. Victory belongs to us,” Shi Yu said very confidently, as if he had seen through Ji Mengzhu’s worried heart.

In history, Emperor Wu alone could shatter Yun An. Now that he had his support and was so well prepared, if the two of them couldn’t shatter Yun An, they could directly retire on the spot.

As Shi Yu and Emperor Wu set off, at the border of Dong Huang, the fully armed Iron-eating Beast army looked into the distance. General Ji Yun stood on the high platform, waiting for the good news from the two of them.

….

At the same time, through his telepathy, Shi Yu pulled up a telepathy chat room for all his pets, Emperor Wu, and all his pets.

At this moment, Emperor Wu already knew that Shi Yu had a telepathy talent. Otherwise, he wouldn’t be so confident that the winner of the team battle with a Beast Tamer would definitely be him.

However, it was also a pity that an expert like Shi Yu only had a telepathy talent.

In the void, Shi Yu rode the Green Dragon with a compass-like tool in his hand. The Ethereal Time Monkey of Emperor Wu’s Fusion Time and Space attributes flew in the air. Everyone was using the telepathy chat room to talk.

[Shi Yu: The location of Yun An has been confirmed. The other party should be hiding in a hidden mystic realm in the Yun Nation.]

[Shi Yu: Senior Emperor Wu, how high can you fly to? Do you want to compete?]

[Emperor Wu: Don’t underestimate me.]

[Ethereal Time Monkey: Yun An is really unlucky to have encountered you.]

Emperor Wu’s pets trembled. They knew very well how disgusting Shi Yu’s next plan was.

Boom boom boom.

As Shi Yu smiled, in the void, the Green Dragon Buggy adjusted its direction and headed straight for the starry sky.

Emperor Wu also flew higher and higher.

Unfortunately, technology had yet to develop in this era. Otherwise, there would definitely be a country that could see a flash of green light suddenly arrive at the starry sky from the direction of the Blue Planet.

However, this was not Shi Yu and Emperor Wu.

Only two pets arrived in the starry sky.

To be precise, it was a pet and a phantom clone.

Buggy Phantom and Baby Ginseng!

After riding the phantom of the Green Dragon Buggy to the starry sky, Baby Ginseng absorbed the power of the sun and moon to its heart’s content.

[Baby Ginseng: Command, command, this is the ‘Bombardment Ji’ team.]

[Baby Ginseng: We have arrived at the starry sky. All the bombs are ready. Wait for the command, over.]