Chapter 1109 - 1109 Returning To The Origin Space-Time (4)

1109 Returning to the Origin Space-time (4)

Behind it were huge green light wings with three pairs of huge light wings as the main body. Under the Blink of the light wings, the entire ground shattered and was obliterated by shocking energy fluctuations. The huge body flew in the sky, and the gaze on its head had already completely locked onto Emperor Wu himself.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Although its body was in the form of a human, its head had the characteristics of the sheep race. Under the contrast of the white Kirin Horn, its entire face was like a white demon.

Under the witness of Emperor Wu, the energy fluctuations of this mecha were still rising steadily. In the next moment, black armor that flickered appeared again on the mecha’s white body and finally perfectly fused into the white body. Eleven was already in position.

Inside the mecha, the ten Iron-eating Beasts formed a stable army pattern on the four limbs, head, torso, and various other parts of the mecha, loading into one with the ultimate mechanical Ling.

This was Eleven’s Nine Li Army Skill. With the Bean Bear as the core, it was a super army skill that had fused impregnable and clones. At this moment, what Ling wanted was the defense power brought by the super army skill resonance.

Otherwise, they definitely wouldn’t be able to withstand a single attack from Emperor Wu.

With Eleven’s current attributes, it could indeed be said to be the strongest defense. It was also Ling’s first defense.

The mecha energy room undoubtedly became the most important energy power of the mecha. It was carried by the five-element circulation system and used water as the source, allowing the elemental power to coexist and ensuring that the mecha had unlimited energy.

In the nutritional cabin, Baby Ginseng slept here. It contributed its strength in the nutritional fluid to reduce the burden on the members. If necessary, it could even activate the time system and let everyone explode to the limit.

“Come on.”

In the mecha cockpit, Shi Yu’s expression was serious as he looked ahead. Now that Ling had mastered the ultimate machine, its loading skill was actually similar to a top-notch Fusion Talent. At the moment, it could combine the strength of Shi Yu, Eleven, Buggy, and the others into one.

Shi Yu wanted Emperor Wu’s top-notch Fusion Talent EXP. Apart from helping others develop their Fusion Talent, he could also more or less provide Ling with a reference EXP.

“I see,” Emperor Wu muttered as he looked at the mecha in front of him.

At this moment, with a boom, the red patterns on the huge white body lit up. A huge longsword condensed in the mecha’s hand. Chi Tong, who was in the Arms warehouse, directly opened its eyes. With it already loaded, it possessed Shi Yu again.

At the same time, an unfamiliar starry sky domain formed around the mecha, as if it had dragged Emperor Wu and the mecha into the universe. Vague starlight lingered around. This time, it was Buggy’s imagination power, in order to provide the best battlefield for the mecha to suppress the other party’s strength.

Under the starry sky, the Fusion Mecha and the Fusion Emperor looked at each other from afar. Both parties could sense the shocking eruption contained in the other party’s terrifying power.

“You can also fuse.” Emperor Wu laughed very happily. He didn’t expect Shi Yu to also master the battle skill of fusing the power of many pets into one. He originally thought that he would defeat them one by one in this battle…

He liked to fight head-on.

“Come on!” Emperor Wu and Shi Yu shouted together.

As soon as the two parties started, they used their ultimate moves to greet each other.

Outside the mecha, cold air spread. It wanted to freeze time and strive for the speed of its attack, but Emperor Wu’s punch seemed to have exceeded space and time, directly making the Heavenly Frost Cold Energy ineffective. It should be the ability of the Ethereal Time Monkey.

Shi Yu also raised his arm slightly. The huge sword phantom blocked this punch and started the Immortal Slaying Sword Formation!!

In the next moment, the huge impact shattered the invisible armor wrapped around all the members of the Nine Li Army layer by layer. The Restoration characteristic brought by the Indestructible Golden Body quickly converted the damage of this punch for the mecha, but it was not as fast as the spreading speed of the fist power. At the cost of a Black Meteorite Yak scapegoat vomiting blood in the undead space, most of the damage of this attack was finally turned into luck by Ling at the critical moment.

However, the huge mecha still couldn’t help but fly backward. In the cockpit, Shi Yu’s face turned pale. Baby Ginseng quickly activated the treatment. At the same time, Emperor Wu was also trapped in the Immortal Slaying Sword Formation and couldn’t escape. No matter how strong Emperor Wu was, he couldn’t break through the Immortal Slaying Sword Formation. He could only use his fist to resist the attack of the sword formation and attack in place of defense.

“Holy Martial Chain Break!!” Emperor Wu threw 17 consecutive punches.

Bang!!!

At the cost of Emperor Wu’s injuries, it shattered the spatial domain.

In an instant, Emperor Wu, who had dismantled the Immortal Slaying Sword Formation, rose into the air. The injuries on his body healed at a high speed and flew into the sky with the huge mecha that reacted. Shi Yu raised the sword in his hand again and slashed with it. The sword contained the laws of the sword. The moment it touched, it formed a sword domain, forming the Immortal Slaying Sword Formation that surrounded Emperor Wu infinitely.

In the fusion state, there were many benefits. The Immortal Slaying Sword Formation, which originally consumed a lot of energy and could only be used once, could be used multiple times under Susu’s unlimited energy, the nourishment of the ginseng baby, and the burden of the scapegoat.

In just two rounds of confrontation, Emperor Wu, who was trapped in the sword formation again, smiled and said, “Your attack power is not bad, and your endurance is not bad. Unfortunately, your defense is your weakness.”