Chapter 1106 - 1106 Returning To The Origin Space-Time

1106 Returning to the Origin Space-time

During the week of communication with Emperor Wu, Shi Yu told Emperor Wu most of the information about the invading species of the Mythical Era, such as the Space Worm, the Space Behemoth, and the Abyss Evil God.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Among them, Yun An was suspected to be a member of the Abyss Evil God. This made Emperor Wu extremely serious. He didn’t expect Yun An to have such a powerful background.

This time, the two of them had another goal in crushing Yun An. That was to see if they could obtain any information about the Abyss Evil God from Yun An.

In fact, Shi Yu was already prepared for the Abyss Evil God to target Blue Planet again. In the end, Yun An said that it had escaped?

“Are you sure you don’t know about the Abyss Evil God and the Abyss Race?”

Yun An shook his deer head, indicating that he didn’t know.

“It’s the faction of the Abyss Sea.”

“Your strength comes from the same source!”

Yun An: “I really…”

Emperor Wu said, “Is it possible that they do have a relationship, but the connection isn’t that close? For example, the Beast Tamers in the west and the Beast Tamers in the east are both of the same race and have the same power system, but because of the difference in the Survival environment, the races have changed, and the power structure is completely different.”

“Yun An and the Abyss Race might belong to the same large race, but they’re not the same faction. Didn’t you say that apart from Blue Planet, humans might also exist elsewhere? Similarly, the Abyss Race might not necessarily only exist in one place.”

Shi Yu fell into deep thought and said, “What I’m most concerned about now is the universe overlord Yun An mentioned.”

“What’s that?” He looked at Yun An.

Universe overlord… What kind of creature could be called this?

Yun An: “I’m not very sure either. This information was all branded in my bloodline memories. At that time, before I was born, my mother planet was invaded.”

“A cosmic overlord is the overlord of the entire universe. It’s an extremely powerful species in the universe. Every generation, they will subdue a large number of subordinates and form an army to run rampant in the universe. They have occupied countless resource planets. My mother planet is also one of them.”

“I successfully escaped and wandered in the universe. In the end, I chose this low-level planet to grow in order to avoid encountering too strong a natural enemy.”

Yun An was extremely aggrieved.

It had already tried its best to choose low-level planets.

At that time, the rules on the current Blue Planet were incomplete. The strongest was only a demigod. There was no divine-level life form at all. It was very suitable for it to grow.

Shi Yu looked at Emperor Wu, and Emperor Wu looked at Shi Yu. He felt that things were developing in a ridiculous direction.

“How many secrets are there in the starry sky?” Shi Yu fell into deep thought. Then, he looked at the sky. The intermediate gods, high-level gods, and top-notch gods on Blue Planet had left Blue Planet and gone to the starry sky to work. How were they now?

These gods should have returned to Blue Planet, but the way they returned was different.

For example, the “Goddess Wa” mentioned by the World Tree had returned in a certain way and brought back the “Seed of Hope: Human”.

From this, it could be seen that the human factions and potential in the place where Goddess Wa went were definitely very huge, so much so that she treated humans as the hope of Blue Planet’s revival.

The information Yun An could obtain was still too little. Now, Shi Yu only hoped that a few of those gods who had run away from home could return and bring back some information about the entire universe.

The abyss invaded others and was also invaded by others. The universe was really chaotic.

“Starry sky universe,” Emperor Wu also looked at the sky and muttered to himself. He was even more curious about places outside Blue Planet.

“In the end, if I can’t solve the curse and break through to the divine level, I might also try to go to that place.”

Shi Yu shook his head.

Leaving Blue Planet and heading to the starry sky might not be difficult for Legendary and demigods if they work hard.

However, the nearby galaxy was not a good place to break through and stay.

Otherwise, there should have been a precedent of demigod experts breaking through to the divine level near Blue Planet.

Now that these gods had disappeared without a trace, there was an 80% chance that they had gone to a further place to wander. Shi Yu knew very well how big the universe was. Even if he rode Buggy, the god of faith in the starry sky, it was very difficult for Shi Yu to guarantee how far it could lead him in the starry sky.

After thinking about it, Shi Yu felt that if anyone below the divine level wanted to travel far in the starry sky, with the current situation, they still had to rely on technology, such as a super light speed spaceship!

Ling! Work hard.

“How do we deal with it?” Emperor Wu looked at Yun An again.

“By the way, have you dealt with its generals?”

Shi Yu: “Only five returned. The others sensed that something was wrong and ran away. In the future, Senior Emperor Wu, you can slowly search for them yourself.”

“No.” Shi Yu looked at Yun An.

“Don’t you want to do something?”

“For example, summon your subordinates or something.”

Yun An: …

It was heartbreaking!!!

…

In the end, Emperor Wu decided to raise Yun An in the ruins and let Yun An undergo self-reform.

It was too much of a pity to directly kill Yun An like this. After all, it was a quasi-divine-level renewable resource.

Now that it had been cleansed by Susu once, the threat of Yun An had decreased greatly. Moreover, Emperor Wu believed that he still had 20 years to live. During this period of time, suppressing a weak Yun An shouldn’t be a problem.

As for what happened after that, that would depend on the situation at that time.

In fact, Shi Yu also had the right to deal with Yun An. If Shi Yu wanted to take Yun An away, Emperor Wu probably wouldn’t say anything. However, when Shi Yu thought of the spatial rejection, he didn’t waste the effort.