Chapter 1105 - 1105 The Worst Demigod In History (5)

1105 The Worst Demigod in History (5)

Yun An: “?”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

[Ling, Buggy: Detected that Yun An wants to self-destruct. It has already suppressed its energy flow with all its might!]

In the sky, in the forbidden Four Saints Domain, Buggy and Ling’s strength increased to the extreme at this moment. In order to block Yun An’s self-destruction, Buggy’s veins Critical Hit. Even with Ling’s strengthening, its body still trembled a little.

At this moment, even with Ling’s ultimate intelligence, the temperature of its entire body suddenly increased. Some of its bodies were overloading, and it was especially difficult to suppress the self-destruction power of the demigods. The many items of faith of the Four Holy Beasts as sacrifices to the array were also consumed crazily like fire.

“Yi.” “Ning.”

On Buggy and Ling, Baby Ginseng and Susu had appeared at some point in time and placed their hands on them. One was healing nourishing, and the other was Cooldown cleansing, assisting Buggy and Ling.

“Do you think I’ll let you self-destruct?” Emperor Wu immediately said when he saw Yun An’s stunned appearance.

At this moment, Yun An’s expression gradually collapsed. He completely didn’t expect that the other party had even calculated his self-destruction and actually had a way to suppress his self-destruction power.

“Wu wu wu wu wu wu wu wu!!!” As Yun An roared angrily and collapsed, the last straw that crushed its heart fell. Yun An could only turn around and erupt with stronger power to attack Emperor Wu.

Emperor Wu had been waiting for a long time and fought Yun An again. In the huge battle, Yun An’s body was constantly broken, and the other was constantly corroded by radiation. Both parties fought desperately.

Because his initial state was better than Yun An, in addition to the fact that a Sea Cleansing Spirit had been carried by Emperor Wu before the battle, his battle intent at this moment was still very clear. On the other hand, Yun An was heavily injured consecutively, and its mind and consciousness collapsed even more.

He had tried to self-destruct many times, but he was suppressed by the forbidden Four Saints Domain created by Buggy and Ling.

In the sky, the red-haired and red-eyed Shi Yu’s figure finally appeared after a long time. As the overall commander of this battle, he sensed Yun An’s current mental Resistance state and finally issued the final command.

[Shi Yu: Senior Emperor Wu, Susu, now.]

Boom.

As Shi Yu gave the order, Emperor Wu erupted with its strongest strength. It threw a punch without caring about the consequences and directly flipped Yun An’s entire body over, making its eyes almost turn white. Its consciousness was extremely blurry, and its spirit trembled.

At this moment, as the most important figure, Susu finally left Ling and launched the final attack.

A demigod-level Sea Cleansing Spirit!!!

All the remaining strength!

A huge figure ten thousand meters tall stretched out its water-blue arm and wrapped Yun An in the middle with its huge palm. This time, Susu didn’t attack or cleanse the radiation. Shi Yu naturally had his own reasons for choosing to let it attack last.

[Shi Yu: Susu, cleanse its will and cleanse its heart!!]

As the strongest ocean demigod, cleansing curses and plagues was only the most basic method. Its strongest point was to cleanse one Abyss Sea demigod after another, turning them from Unholy to the guardians of the sea, from bad guys to good people.

If it wanted to capture Yun An alive, this kind of cleansing was indispensable. At the same time, cleansing Yun An’s will into an extremely low Resistance could also prevent it from self-destructing again. At that time, its extremely low willpower wouldn’t allow it to have the courage to resist and self-destruct again.

It was naturally impossible for this Sea Cleansing Spirit to directly cleanse Yun An at his peak. However, if the opponent was in a situation where his strength was weak, his Resistance was blurry, and his state was extremely poor, the success rate would be greatly improved.

It was comparable to brainwashing!

Zizizizizi!!!!

“Roar!!!” Giant Susu squeezed Yun An in its palms. The power of cleansing spread, and Yun An’s miserable cry that shook the sky and earth came from inside.

Not far away, Emperor Wu, who was shocked by the aftermath, panted slightly and looked ahead quietly.

After about two to three minutes, Susu separated its palm. Yun An, who was as huge as a city, fell from the sky. At this moment, the power on its body had already been weakened to the extreme. The energy in its body had almost disappeared and had already been cleansed.

Even if it wanted to self-destruct, it didn’t have the power to self-destruct. It couldn’t pose a threat to a Legendary at all. When it fell, its eyes were listless, and it only had a faint consciousness.

“Roar… (I want to be a good person… I…)”

“What the hell?” On the other side, Emperor Wu listened to Yun An’s weak begging roar. The corners of his mouth twitched as he looked at the high and mighty Blue Sea Sprite.

It really succeeded?

The cleansing of the Blue Sea Sprite was too terrifying.

[Shi Yu: Battle over, over!]

Shi Yu smiled slightly. At this moment, he was extremely excited. It had really succeeded. The Sea Cleansing Spirit could really cleanse Yun An’s will and heart. This way, when he returned, Yun An and the Undying Dark Phoenix on his side could also do the same.

However, at the moment, the most important thing was to ask Yun An something!!

This was even more important than renewable resources.

….

After an unknown period of time.

Yun An gradually woke up. Just as he woke up, he felt intense pain in his body.

“Roar!!!” It let out a heart-wrenching scream.

It suddenly realized that its city-like huge body had already been dismantled and broken until it was only about ten meters tall. Its body was shattered and pitted, and its strength was extremely weak.

It was as if it had been stripped naked and helplessly tied up by huge technological chains. Yun An struggled with all its might, but its current strength didn’t allow it to break free.

Shi Yu, Emperor Wu, and the pets looked at Yun An in front of them. Shi Yu and the others were alright, but Emperor Wu was very silent. He felt that Yun An was the most miserable demigod. The battle where he killed the Radiance Tiger demigod back then was even more difficult than this.

This time, from Yun An’s perspective, he felt that Yun An’s house had been confiscated for no reason. The whole process was really miserable.

It was all thanks to Shi Yu.

“Roar!!! (I, I surrender!!!)” At this moment, Yun An no longer had the domineering aura of the previous king of the Yun Race. This was also normal. Its originally not low will level had already been cleansed to the lowest level by Susu. The current Yun An was completely a weakling. It was one thing if it even had the courage to self-destruct.

It looked at Emperor Wu and Shi Yu in horror.

“I’ll ask, you answer.” Shi Yu looked at Yun An and said, “You… were you sent to Blue Planet by the Abyss Race?”

“You’re from the starry sky, right?”

At this moment, this question was what Shi Yu wanted to know the most. The power of Yun An came from the same source as the power of the Abyss Sea. It was fine if the Abyss Sea was passed down to the Mythical Era, but Yun An descended on Blue Planet ten thousand years ago. It was very difficult not to suspect that it was an advance team sent to Blue Planet by the Abyss Evil God Race in advance.

If there were no Emperor Wu in the east at that time and it let Yun An develop, it was completely capable of forming large factions like the Abyss Sea and Dragon Palace City.

“What Abyss Race? No.” Yun An immediately begged for mercy and denied, making Shi Yu frown.

“I, I fled here.”

“The planet I was on was invaded by the ‘cosmic overlord army’. At that time, I was still an egg and was thrown into the starry sky to escape. I accidentally wandered to this planet.”

“I was wrong. Blue Planet took me in. I only want to be a good beast and protect Blue Planet now!”

Susu: Ning! (Hmph!)

Emperor Wu: ???

Shi Yu: “Huh?”

Shi Yu was immediately stunned. Holy shit, Yun An escaped to Blue Planet? What the hell, what was a universe overlord?