Chapter 1103 - 1103 The Worst Demigod In History (3)

1103 The Worst Demigod in History (3)

Tingxiang, Snowfield, Seven Islands, Rongguang, Ming Hua, and experts from all over the world sensed the weak atmospheric disturbance in the sky with this attack. They looked at the sky and the chaotic east.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

It really didn’t stop…

[Emperor Wu Members: Monster!!!]

Looking at Baby Ginseng, who had launched the first round of attacks, the corners of Zhong Xuan, the Divine Tree of Life, and the others, who had sparred with Baby Ginseng in the mystic realm, twitched.

Was this the suicide self-destruction attack Shi Yu mentioned in the first round?

When they heard Shi Yu say that, they thought that Shi Yu was crazy.

Until Shi Yu said that his ginseng baby had mastered the time-element revival Skill…

Now, Emperor Wu and the others had finally seen the supreme art Shi Yu mentioned. Even Emperor Wu couldn’t help but feel extremely solemn!!

It was really a monster. Previously, they had completely underestimated the power of this attack.

The power of this attack was enough to destroy smaller totem countries.

Even Emperor Wu felt that he would be heavily injured by this attack in his full state.

This was still the result of the power of this attack being too scattered.

Baby Ginseng’s Moon Explosion had this disadvantage. The explosive power was too scattered.

Even if it was close to transcendent proficiency, its strength was still scattered.

This was also why it had to run into the enemy’s mouth if it wanted to maximize the effect of its self-destruction.

If its strength could completely concentrate in a small range, Shi Yu felt that there was no need for others to attack at all. Baby Ginseng could shatter a demigod itself.

Shi Yu hoped that after Moon Explosion reached transcendent, this point could be improved.

He also hoped that after the time mark reached transcendent, there would be greater changes. For example, he could revive twice in a row, or he could give others the time mark.

The greatest characteristic of the current perfect-level time mark was that it no longer needed Baby Ginseng to condense it itself. After it was consumed, it could automatically spend time to condense it, saving Baby Ginseng a lot of energy.

“Roar!!!!” A miserable cry that resounded through the sky came from the explosion.

Yun An wasn’t directly blown up.

Shi Yu and the others were not surprised by this. After all, there was a Legendary spatial defense. At this moment, in the center of the strong light and high temperature, Yun An seemed to have turned into a black hole. No matter what power was outside, it was being absorbed by it.

Sensing that the wound that had just recovered pretty well had cracked open again, Yun An let out a miserable cry, pitiful and helpless.

At this moment, although Yun An didn’t know what was going on, it only had one thought: escape!

However, before it could react, another forbidden Arms was thrown down from the deep sky.

[Ling, Buggy: This is the “Green Dragon”. The special forbidden Arms “Four Saints Domain Bullet” has been fired. Please take note.]

Yun An was shocked.

There was another boom.

A dazzling white light enveloped this area again. However, the forbidden Arms this time were not attack-type Arms, but domain-type Arms.

White light kept spreading. Soon, four phantoms ten thousand meters tall appeared in the huge range created by Baby Ginseng’s self-destruction, the phantoms of the four holy beasts!

They connected. A huge domain watered by the power of faith and the power of the starry sky enveloped and sealed most of the Yun Nation.

In the domain, all natural power and spatial power were suppressed. There was even a special power that forcefully restricted the energy flow changes in Yun An’s body.

In the sky above the center of the domain, Buggy, which had been strengthened by Ling’s transcendent nine-colored divine light, and Ling itself were maintaining the entire domain. They stared at Yun An together and restricted its movements.

“Roar!!!!” At this moment, Yun An was extremely angry and panicked. He wanted to break free, but Shi Yu and the others’ plan was very tight. Just as the power of the center of Baby Ginseng’s self-destruction receded a little, Emperor Wu tore through the Void and quickly descended from the sky!!

[Shi Yu: Senior Emperor Wu, it’s your turn. Remember not to kill Yun An and make it lose consciousness.]

[Emperor Wu: Roger.]

“Extreme Martial Emperor Fist!!!” Emperor Wu, who was wearing the armor of a ghost beast, had his eight pets fused into one. The Divine Tree of Life healed the burden of the fusion in the Beast Taming Space. The moment it descended, it threw a punch that could be said to be the ultimate profundity.

The fist wind shook the sky and earth with a majestic aura.

“Wu Dong!!!!” Seeing Emperor Wu appear, how could Yun An not know what was going on? He instantly roared and cursed.

This time, it really panicked, because it felt that its spatial Skill was completely restricted!

There was no way to escape.

“Annihilation!!!” Under the restriction and serious injuries, Yun An could only activate quasi-divine skills.

The ultimate profundities of both parties collided again.

Boom!!!

A huge wave lingered in the sky again. Space shattered, and laws trembled. The entire Yun Nation was broken like the scene of the apocalypse.

“My king!!!” The Yun Nation underwent a huge change. The totems under Yun An who were searching for resources in the surrounding countries rushed back almost immediately. At this moment, only they dared to come and see what was going on in the Yun Nation.

The other totem countries didn’t need to think to know that a huge battle had occurred between Yun An and Dong Huang. They didn’t have any intention of stepping into the muddy water. Be it the Emperor Wu who expelled them or Yun An who wanted to incorporate them, they made the surrounding totems extremely afraid and really didn’t dare to move.