Chapter 1110 - 1110 Returning To The Origin Space-Time (5)

1110 Returning to the Origin Space-time (5)

“Just the aftermath alone, you have to defend with all your might.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Yours is called a mecha, right? I want to try dismantling a mecha with my bare hands.”

“Feel free to try.”

In the cockpit, Shi Yu grinned. This couldn’t be helped. Even if Eleven used the army skill to defend with all its might, it was still smashed by Emperor Wu’s fist. Moreover, the other party resisted the Immortal Slaying Sword Formation and wasn’t heavily injured. Its defense was clearly at the monster level like strength. It was difficult.

It was also using attack as defense. Let’s compete in endurance.

Boom!!!

The two parties collided again. This time, Emperor Wu used some kind of defensive secret skill against the Extreme Martial Tyrant Emperor. His body took the sword head-on. Although it was said to be an injury in exchange for an injury, he hit Shi Yu and the others almost unscathed.

During this process, Shi Yu and the others’ hearts were in their throats. Buggy’s mental strength circulated 200%. It wanted to teleport the mecha in the domain to dodge, but it was still a step too slow.

The entire fusion mecha was instantly sent flying like a meteor. A large dent appeared in its abdomen. Seeing this, Emperor Wu smiled in the air and said, “Profoundity, Divine Martial Defence.”

This was his strongest defense.

However, to Emperor Wu’s surprise, although most of the body of the mecha with weak defense had caved in, it seemed to still have energy during the process of flying backward and quickly repairing.

Boom boom boom!!!

Countless electromagnetic cannon missiles shot out of the mecha.

Emperor Wu was just about to smash it with his fist when his expression suddenly changed, and blood flowed out of his mouth.

Buzz.

The sound of laws of the Wind Blessing sounded.

At the same time, spatial ripples appeared again.

The huge mecha teleported behind Emperor Wu, whose old injuries had relapsed. It directly crossed its body, wanting to slash its soul and separate Emperor Wu’s fusion.

“Sorry, that punch just now happened to be blocked by the strong spatial turbulence that failed to teleport.” In the mecha, Shi Yu had lingering fears as he smiled at Emperor Wu, whose old injuries had relapsed.

It slashed down with the Soul Slash.

It attacked Emperor Wu with the electromagnetic cannon opposite.

Lucky.

However, in the next moment, Shi Yu cursed.

“Damn, martial arts clone.”

Emperor Wu directly disappeared from Shi Yu and the others’ attack range. It wasn’t a spatial skill. It was as if the one fighting Shi Yu and the others had always been a clone that disappeared into thin air.

The target of the electromagnetic cannon immediately became the mecha main body.

“Again!” Emperor Wu’s true body appeared and punched the mecha again.

In the mecha, Shi Yu took a deep breath and looked at the mecha that kept rising and falling in front of him. He couldn’t care less about its transformation rules and directly activated the Yin Yang Taiji Domain under Chi Tong’s possession state.

The huge Taiji Painting Formation covered the starry sky domain. Two stars, one yin and one yang, formed a Taiji Painting, making Emperor Wu’s expression change.

“Eleven, attack!! Do you still have strength?”

“Wuu!!!!”

“What’s this?” Emperor Wu frowned and threw a punch. Similarly, the huge mecha opposite quickly turned into a huge cannon with its left arm that didn’t have a sword. With a boom, the Yin Yang Millstone that shook the nomological space blasted towards Emperor Wu’s fist like a spinning cannonball.

Boom!!!

A huge dust mist and Illuminate swept up and swallowed the mecha and Emperor Wu. Space shattered, and the starry sky domain disappeared, almost sweeping the two of them into the spatial turbulence.

In the intense confrontation, as countless energies collapsed, another demigod-level battle occurred in the Yun Nation. Once again, it attracted the attention of the world. Although the Blue Planet experts didn’t know who was fighting this time, the terrifying energy swept through the atmosphere and produced shocking fluctuations. It was enough to prove that these were two invincible existences.

….

That night.

Emperor Wu returned to the border of Dong Huang heavily injured. Ji Mengzhu, Ji Yunchong, and the others were immediately shocked when they saw Emperor Wu return heavily injured.

They had also sensed the battle fluctuations just now and knew that Emperor Wu had gone to spar with Shi Yu. However, what kind of battle did the two of them fight?

Why was his injury even more serious than when fighting Yun An?

“Wu Dong, are you alright?” General Ji Yun said when there was no one around.

“You guys are really good. You fought for a full 11 hours.”

“Haha…” Emperor Wu smiled and shook his head.” It’s alright. ”

“Uncle Wu, who won?” Ji Mengzhu quickly asked Emperor Wu, and Emperor Wu looked at her and pondered for a moment.

“What do you think?” Emperor Wu said.

“You won?” Ji Mengzhu said.

“He won.”

“What?!” General Ji Yun and Ji Mengzhu couldn’t believe it.

Emperor Wu shook his head. Indeed, it was as Shi Yu had said. If not for that agreement, he, Wu Dong, would have won. Unfortunately, he had taken things too hard and set the one-hour agreement. According to the rules, he lost.

However, the two parties didn’t end because of this. Instead, they continued fighting.

In the end, because the mecha’s Overload couldn’t be loaded with all its members at the same time and disintegrated, Shi Yu and the others were restricted by their low levels and couldn’t continue fighting. On the other hand, Emperor Wu fused with eight pets and fought for 11 hours. In the end, even its energy was almost exhausted, but it could still rely on its physical strength to display demigod-level strength.

In the words of Emperor Wu, his fusion state could be maintained for a month at most without fighting. In high-intensity battles, it was enough to last for a day.

In the end, it was still the burden ability brought by his level. The talent enhancement gave him an advantage. Otherwise, under the same level, he might lose to Shi Yu in less than an hour.

“Where’s Sir Shi Yu?” General Ji Yun suddenly asked in confusion.

“Yes, where’s Shi Yu?” Ji Mengzhu said.

He could actually… defeat a Legendary with a legend level? How was this possible?

“He left. I wonder if he’ll return, but I look forward to fighting him again.” Emperor Wu looked at the starry sky.

….

At the same time.

Under Qi’s lead, the exhausted Shi Yu and the others returned to their space and time according to the spatial coordinates. In Qi’s words, she wanted to take advantage of her current Enfeeble weakness to transmigrate quickly. This way, her consumption would be smaller.

“Damn Emperor Wu, He doesn’t care about virtue. After an hour, I’ve already won. He just had to beg me to continue fighting.”

“It made me look like this now. He has thick eyebrows and big eyes. He’s very bad. I’ve decided. In the future, I’ll film Emperor Wu Legendary and let him be beaten up more miserably by Yun An.” After Shi Yu replied to the original space-time, he was still indignant.

It hurt.

“Sob…” Eleven and the others were also weak.

However, just as they returned to the original Space and Time Island, the expressions of Shi Yu and the others immediately changed.

“This is…”

“It’s only been a few days since I left, but the planet’s laws actually revived at this time??”

He knew that before the Mythical Revival, Blue Planet would experience several revivals of laws of different degrees, but he couldn’t determine the exact day. He didn’t expect…

“In other words, the memories of those reincarnated gods should have awakened now, right? Damn it, I wonder how many days it has been since they revived. I missed the best time to get intimate with them!!”

“It’s a huge loss.”