Chapter 1119 - 1119 Dragon Palace Searching For Black Tortoise (2)

1119 Dragon Palace Searching for Black Tortoise (2)

In a day, Shi Yu visited the in-charge of the four armies consecutively. After everyone gathered for a meal at night, Shi Yu left Wu Ling City under the cover of night.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

He wanted to do the last thing before returning to Ping Cheng to cultivate.

He would go to Dragon Palace City and subdue a turtle and snake.

Today, he had already left the development EXP of the top-notch Fusion Talent to Senior White Brook and also left some resources. Coupled with the Talent Bead, she could already try to develop the talent.

As for Shi Yu, he still had to use the other secret skill he had obtained from Emperor Wu, the “Turtle Snake Black Tortoise Fusion Technique”, to its effect.

At the moment, there were still four empty seats in the second team’s contract slot. He planned to catch two pets to raise first.

The feedback from the growth of pets… It would be a waste not to.

Turtle, snake, turtle, snake… This kind of thing was definitely the most common in Dragon Palace City.

After contracting the turtle snake, there were still two slots left.

Shi Yu planned to find another little cat to evolve into a white tiger.

He had already gotten Teacher Cat to help pay attention. This guy knew many felines. Perhaps there were suitable ones.

As for Vermillion Bird, let’s see if Chi Tong could cosplay through its clone.

At that time, the four holy beasts would be complete.

There was also the Horned Demon Divine Stone. This time, as the laws revived, its life aura became more active. It was just that he didn’t know when it could be unsealed.

….

As Shi Yu flew to Dragon Palace City, his communication device rang. Shi Yu arrived at the deck of the mechanical spaceship and picked up the call side by side with Yun Hai.

It was President Lin.

“You’re back? Where are you now?” On the other side of the phone, President Lin’s tone was very experienced.

“I’m back. I’m in the sky…”

President Lin: “?”

“I’m flying in the sky and about to go home.”

President Lin: …

Now that he was calling, he should be done.

“I also saw the system report from Lu Qingyi and Ji Mengzhu. It’s been hard on you for the past half a year,” President Lin sighed.

He was originally very worried about Shi Yu running out to wander for so long. However, when President Lin learned that Shi Yu had just returned and turned the gem cat into a demigod potential and strengthened the Iron-eating Beast Corps at the epic level, all the negative emotions immediately disappeared!

Young people should go out and explore more. Only then could they gain more.

“I didn’t expect you to actually find so many iron-eating beast evolution materials in foreign ruins,” President Lin said. “Just looking at the amount of materials and not looking at the origin, I almost thought you went to farm Yun An alone.”

“No, no,” Shi Yu said with a smile.

It was a Party up.

“Recently, the various facilities of the Blue Planet Alliance have basically been perfected. I’m more busy here. Please help take care of Lu Qingyi’s mission. There’s actually one more thing. I wonder if you’re interested.”

“What is it?” Shi Yu asked.

He knew that President Lin would take the time to call him out of his busy schedule. He definitely had Quests again.

“In order to compete for the right to speak in some matters, the Seven Nation Alliance plans to hold an Alliance Meeting to decide certain plans with battle. The seven countries will each send a Titled Beast Tamer below level nine, which is below the legendary level, to represent them in the battle.”

“You mean you want me to participate?” Shi Yu said.

“That’s indeed what I mean. In a month, the conference will be held. Now that the rules have revived, the titled experts of the various countries are even stronger. Those who can fight are basically the number two’s of that country. Dong Huang’s titled experts are only stronger than other countries in terms of numbers and strength. Although there are Beast Tamers like the Tyrannical Sea Legend who can fight against top-notch totems, the difference isn’t especially obvious.”

“Moreover, the rules of this meeting are 1VS1. The army tactics of many experts are restricted.”

“After thinking about it, you’re the most suitable to participate. In terms of individual pet cultivation speed, among the titled experts in the country, if you say you’re first, no one dares to say they’re second. Moreover, after half a year of training, your strength must be stronger, right?” President Lin smiled like a sly old fox.

He was right. Although the legend of the Tyrannical Sea was strong, it was only strong in army tactics.

In his Mutated Leviathan’s Infinite Devour Space, it raised an ocean army all year round as the backup power of the Mutated Leviathan.

With the support of this ocean army, the battle power of the Mutated Leviathan could easily suppress ordinary Normal totems. It was the same principle as the Iron-eating Beast Army defending against totem-level attacks at that time.

If it was the 1VS1 rule, the battle power of someone like the legend of the Tyrannical Sea would directly decrease.

Shi Yu could actually do this kind of army battle too. For example, the birth of life in Little Zi’s body was actually Shi Yu nurturing his faith army.

“Alright, I feel that in a few days, I can represent Dong Huang,” Shi Yu said.

President Lin was even happier. “Then I’ll leave it to you. By the way, you have to prepare for battle seriously.”

“The competition in this meeting will be very intense.”

“The first time the laws revived, many reincarnated gods awakened their memories. Many gods woke up from their sleep. According to what I know, the trump card of a titled expert in Rongguang is the reincarnation of the angel god. Now, they have already recovered their memories.”

“In other words, if both parties don’t break the contract, this titled expert will have the battle power of a ‘Mythical Race, overlord level’. Your solo advantage doesn’t mean that you can still rely on quasi-divine skills and faith skills to kill everyone like in the World Tournament.”