Chapter 1117 - 1117 The Age Of Adults Has Changed (4)

1117 The Age of Adults Has Changed (4)

Shi Yu returned to the hotel room. Seeing Shi Yu return so quickly, Lu Qingyi and the gem cat were stunned.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“It’s over?”

“It’s over. Is it very difficult?” Shi Yu said. “Perhaps I’m more handsome. That little girl and the spider girl were stunned.”

Lu Qingyi and the gem cat: ???

“I’m just kidding.” Shi Yu chuckled and said, “I’ve concluded a set of PY templates. Senior, you guys communicate according to this later. Later, you guys can talk to that spider girl and persuade it. Its ability is quite suitable to be a tailor.”

“Tailor?”

“That’s right.” The gem cat nodded. It could tell too.

“No, no, what template? And you? Didn’t you say that you would be the director of Bureau 14?” Lu Qingyi said.

Shi Yu said, “I’ll come again if you can’t solve it. It’s basically enough with you and Teacher Ying. I still want to continue cultivating. Now that the laws have revived and with the blessings of the World Tree, I feel that… I’m not far from the level-eight Beast Taming Space.”

Lu Qingyi was stunned. “So fast.”

“Well, I should be able to break through to the Legendary level in two years like Lin Feng Legendary, or faster than him,” Shi Yu said.

This directly made Lu Qingyi and the gem cat silent and feel a little stuffy.

Legendary below the age of 25… was a little too much.

“Speaking of which, because of the revival of the laws, many people broke through. White Brook and Xiu Zhu broke through to level six. Ji Feng even broke through to legend,” Lu Qingyi said.

“By the way, I also placed the Talent Control Bead with White Brook and the others.”

Shi Yu said, “I happen to have something to do with them. I obtained a batch of iron-eating beast evolution materials here. After looking for them, I’ll go into seclusion again.”

“I’ll tell you the template first…”

“Huh…?”

….

If he wanted to pull people in, he had to show his background. This was the most convincing thing. Without the big skin of the World Tree and the Blue Planet’s Will, it was too difficult to pull gods in.

To put it bluntly, just the Dragon God, Divine Source Legendary, and the others weren’t qualified enough to slot. They couldn’t obtain the recognition of the gods. Just describing Dong Huang’s potential wasn’t convincing enough.

80% truth and 20% lies could maximize Dong Huang’s advantage. It was relatively easy to rope in a weak god like the Spider God.

After Shi Yu finished teaching Senior Lu, who had lost her way on the path of life, he headed to Wu Ling City.

Compared to Wu Ling City in Emperor Wu Space-time, the modern Wu Ling City was much more familiar to Shi Yu.

In the endless blue sky, Shi Yu lay on the ship Lady Ling in the sky. He held his cell phone and dialed Senior Lin’s number. He greeted her in advance before going over.

“Shi Yu??” On the other side of the phone, Senior Panda looked surprised. She didn’t expect Shi Yu, who had been missing for so long, to still know to contact her.

“Senior, I heard you broke through to level six. Congratulations,” Shi Yu said with a smile.

Lin Xiuzhu said, “Hmph, it’s all thanks to Master (Ji Mengzhu) teaching me well.”

“I’m going to Wu Ling City now. I brought gifts for you and Senior White Brook. Wait for me.”

“What gift?” Lin Xiuzhu said.

“Hundreds of Iron-eating Beast first-stage evolution materials, thousands of Iron-eating Beast inscription evolution materials.”

“There are all nine evolution inscription materials for the Iron-eating Beast.”

“Among them, there are thousands of meteorite fragments. We should be able to arm the Iron-eating Beast Corps.”

“You can evolve to your heart’s content.”

Bang.

On the other side of the phone, Senior Panda almost threw her cell phone away, her face turning pale.

There were thousands of meteorite fragments?

You, you, you, you went to poke Yun An’s nest?

However, Senior Panda trusted Shi Yu unconditionally and didn’t think that he was kidding.

Otherwise, with this mood fluctuating, she could beat Shi Yu to death.

Senior Panda was immediately excited. Which ruin did Shi Yu obtain such a large amount of resources from? She had never heard Master Ji Mengzhu mention it.

…With these resources, wouldn’t the Iron-eating Beast Corps be invincible?

It was indeed as Shi Yu had said. Their Iron-eating Beast could also become more perfect and stronger.

Coincidentally, she and White Brook had broken through to level six and had already made an appointment with Master Qu Jie for the advancement assessment of a top-notch master. They weren’t confident yet, but if the Iron-eating Beast could evolve a few times, it would definitely be stable!!