Chapter 1114 - 1114 The Age Of Adults Has Changed

1114 The Age of Adults Has Changed

It was extremely quiet in the blue Blue Sea Ruins.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Shi Yu, Lu Qingyi, and the gem cat stared at each other.

After a long time, Shi Yu and Lu Qingyi accepted this fact.

“This lazing cat was actually a demigod in its previous life!” Shi Yu couldn’t accept it.

It really succeeded in the bet?

Could this guy really go from an overlord to a demigod…

Shi Yu’s eyes were filled with tears as he felt pity for the other demigods.

Also, no wonder its Resistance was so low. It turned out that it had won without doing anything in its previous life!

In this world, there were always a few people who were so lucky that they couldn’t help but accept reality.

“Besides.”

The gem cat looked elegantly at the surrounding sea and said, “I’m not an ordinary demigod.”

It felt that in its previous life, it had not completely unearthed the power of that meteor gem.

In his previous life, it tried to transform into a cat girl to unearth more gem power.

Even the “gem cat” race was created by it to study the relationship between various gems and eyes.

In fact, even reincarnation was to unearth the power of the gem.

It could be said that it was the gem cat god.

Continuous research made the cat understand that the gem from the starry sky of the universe definitely had many secrets.

However, restricted by the laws of the world, it couldn’t be completely developed.

When the Mythical stage completely revived, it might be able to activate the complete power of the meteor gem that had fused into its body, even if its power still followed after reincarnation.

At that time, not only would it be a demigod, but they might even have hope of reaching the divine level.

“Wu wu wu wu wu… I made it through.”

The gem cat wiped its tears.

In the past, this was also an extremely extraordinary archeological Achievement.

Because the gem cat looked like an Earth ragdoll cat, it had a beautiful, cute, and elegant appearance, as well as the price of being close to the people, it was also a popular animal in the seven countries on Blue Planet.

Although the gem cats that could be seen now were constantly optimized by their race, their origin was really unknown.

It involved the origin of a world-famous race with super popularity and was also related to a demigod. It could probably double the gem cat’s net worth.

The Reincarnation Fruit was really a good thing!

However, Shi Yu definitely didn’t care about archeological Achievement of this level anymore.

“Shi Yu, you saw it, right! Give me ten boxes of Reincarnation Fruits to help me cultivate first.” The gem cat looked forward to it just thinking about it.

Demigod, demigod!

Looking at Shi Yu’s respect for the Dragon God and the importance Dong Huang attached to Dragon Palace City, the gem cat could understand that after becoming a demigod, it would directly take off on the spot.

“It’s very tiring to create the Reincarnation Fruit.” The corners of Shi Yu’s mouth twitched. “Use the divine light to assist Baby Ginseng in creating it.”

The gem cat fell into deep thought and nodded. No problem! This was easy!

“I’ll get a hundred clones to assist Baby Ginseng!” it said generously.

Shi Yu said, “…You’ll scare Baby Ginseng.”

“Does Teacher Ying have any hope of becoming a demigod in the short term?” Lu Qingyi said. “At the moment, the Blue Planet Alliance in its prototype state is still mainly the Seven Nation Alliance. Among the seven countries, Shen Feng already has three Legendary demigods. If Teacher Ying can also become a demigod, Dong Huang might have a higher right to speak.”

The gem cat looked smug. “Although I don’t really want to be involved in this kind of thing, I have no choice… I’ll become a demigod as soon as possible. Speaking of which, Qingyi, help me apply for some resources in the association to help me cultivate!”

Shi Yu smiled and said, “Teacher Cat, don’t worry. There’s no need to feel too much pressure. It’s fine even if you can’t reach it. There’s still me. I’ve cultivated bitterly for half a year. Now, I can almost fight a demigod evenly. Dong Huang won’t lose out.”

The gem cat and Lu Qingyi: ????

“What kind of expression is that? According to the recovery progress of this law, demigods are probably going to be common. They’re not worth mentioning, not worth mentioning…”

Pa.

The gem cat was immediately unhappy. Its face fell. No, demigods weren’t enough. It wanted to become a god!

…

Linglan City.

In a certain luxurious mountain villa, a golden-haired girl in a baseball jacket and white shirt and a dark green short skirt was meditating with a serious expression.

Beside her was a 1.5-meter-tall humanoid white-haired spider girl in a wide white spider-patterned bathrobe.

“I’m level three.” A moment later, the blonde girl opened her eyes excitedly.

“So slow.” The spider girl beside her shook her head and said, “When you reach the level where you can contract a monarch-level creature, we’ll leave here.”

“Do we really have to leave Dong Huang?” The golden-haired girl looked hesitant and said, “This place is relatively safe. I heard that it’s very dangerous abroad.”

She looked at the spider lady in front of her. Who would have thought that a few days ago, the other party was still an Awakening-level white spider she had contracted?

In just one night, the other party broke free of the contract, and its strength became difficult to understand. It was even so resourceful that it could transform into a human form that was more suitable for this society!

“That’s only now,” the white spider girl said. “When it comes to dangerous times, the more lives there are in such a place, the more dangerous it is. The lives of this faction are too weak. There’s no need to follow them.”

“The titled expert you mentioned previously is only at that level.”

“If you’re conflicted, I won’t take you away,” the white spider girl said impatiently. If it weren’t for the fact that the other party had saved its reincarnation and even contracted it to accompany it for so long, it wouldn’t have bothered with this little girl.

“No, I’ll listen to you,” the blonde girl hurriedly said. She was still very convinced by the spider girl.