Chapter 1116 - 1116 The Age Of Adults Has Changed (3)

1116 The Age of Adults Has Changed (3)

“Who’s the human who came?” it asked again.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

At this moment, sensing the vibration of the entire mountain, the golden-haired girl also knew that something was wrong. Unfortunately, she didn’t pay attention to the Beast Taming Domain previously. Lu Qingyi was the same, and so was Shi Yu. She didn’t know them too well. She said uncertainly,

“Perhaps it’s a legendary Beast Tamer with a title like Dr. Lu Qingyi. The world legend, Shi Yu, seems to be known as the strongest in the younger generation,” the golden-haired girl said.

As they communicated, Shi Yu and Eleven had already cracked the spider silk domain that made things difficult for the gem cat and Lu Qingyi. With the help of Buggy’s teleportation, they teleported in front of the two of them.

Buzz.

Shi Yu and Eleven appeared. Shi Yu smiled and made a handsome gesture to greet them.

“Yo, hello, are you interested in talking?”

“Has it changed?” The spider girl had a serious expression. It realized that it was wrong, very wrong. Although they were both titled legends, this Shi Yu was clearly much more terrifying than the girl and cat from before.

“How do you have such power?”

Although that cat’s growth level was very high, it gave it the feeling that it was stupid.

However, although this bear looked harmless, the power just now directly made it feel the bloodline suppression.

“Lord Divine Spirit, times have changed. This is an era of win-win cooperation. Dong Huang might not be able to withstand your previous request, but there should be other ways to cooperate.” Shi Yu smiled and said, “My name is Shi Yu. Come and talk.”

Eleven nodded. For example, if you were a tailor, Dong Huang would pay you!

“You can’t even bear to give me divine-level resources. Why should I believe your sincerity?” the spider girl said.

Shi Yu was stunned. “That’s not true.”

Shi Yu said, “Do you know gods like the Boar God, Xuan Ming, Lie Shanjun, Demon King Dragon, Holy Divine Deer, and Ancient God Golden Bull?”

“When I went to communicate with them, they were the ones who gave me divine-level resources.”

Spider Lady: “?”

“Impossible.” There were more Western gods among these gods. The spider girl had never heard of all of them, but what was the use of gods giving you divine-level resources?

“The reason is very simple.”

“Looks like your status in the divine level isn’t high. You know even less than a human like me, and you haven’t understood the current situation on Blue Planet.”

Spider Lady: “?”

In the next moment, through the mental scene, the spider girl saw the scene of gods giving Shi Yu divine-level resources and the scene of the planet’s Resistance transforming into the World Tree to give Shi Yu blessings.

This was a mental connection.

It could sense if what the other party said was true.

“The top-notch god, Goddess Wa, brought back humans. Humans are the savior race of Blue Planet, the fate race.”

“The Mythical Revival is imminent, and external enemies will invade again. Only humans can save the world. I passed the trial of the seven ancient gods and even defeated the Ancient God Golden Bull, allowing the World Tree to finally choose me. This is the will of the mother planet.”

“You can go to the World Tree to verify it later.”

“Therefore, cooperation is a win-win situation. We need your help now.” Shi Yu smiled. “Don’t tell me you want to go against the planet’s Resistance? You don’t want to be rejected by Blue Planet, right?”

Plop.

The spider girl’s heart raced as she looked at the human in front of her in shock. She didn’t expect the other party’s background to be so big.

It was really as the other party said… Humans were actually the savior race brought back by Goddess Wa after leaving Blue Planet?

And this young man from Dong Huang in front of him was actually the savior chosen by the planet’s Resistance in this savior race?

For a moment, the spider girl really found it difficult to believe. It was indeed as Shi Yu had said. Among the junior gods who survived, it was relatively transparent.

These secrets were very impactful to it.

It didn’t take long for Shi Yu to leave. Apart from a few words, he was talking to the spider lady telepathically the whole time. Beside him, the golden-haired girl was blurry the whole time and didn’t dare to move. She saw the spider lady sweating profusely beside her, her expression constantly changing.

“Did you say anything?” The blonde girl couldn’t help but say when she saw the spider girl like this.

The spider girl was silent. After a long silence, she said, “We’re not leaving. We’ll stay in Dong Huang.”

After all, it looked like it was arranged by the Blue Planet’s Will. It… had to obey. It didn’t want to be rejected by the Blue Planet’s Will.

….

On the other side, after confirming that his Poof God template was pretty useful, Shi Yu prepared a copy for Senior Lu so that she could follow the lines of the Poof God in the future.

In these words, humans were a racial savior chosen by a top-notch god. There was nothing wrong with that. Almost no human faction knew about this information. At the moment, Dong Huang had the absolute advantage.

He had passed the trial of the Ancient God and obtained recognition, obtaining the blessings of the World Tree. There was nothing wrong with that. The whole world knew.

The only problem was that at this moment, the World Tree probably had yet to entrust the fate of Blue Planet to him. It didn’t treat him as a savior and only nurtured him as a genius with potential.

However, it wasn’t a big problem. It had the heart to be the savior of Blue Planet. It wasn’t like the World Tree would despise him suddenly… It definitely couldn’t wait for everyone to be the savior! Shi Yu only overdrawn his identity in advance.

As long as he convinced himself that he was thick-skinned enough and connected all of this together, he would have the absolute orthodox identity of the Blue Planet’s Crown Prince. It was basically not a problem to trick most wild gods into joining…