Chapter 1113 - 1113 Demigod Cat Mother Gem Cat (3)

1113 demigod cat mother gem cat (3)

“If I can’t even do it after I eat this, I’ll give up.” The gem cat’s expression was serious.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Shi Yu said, “Eat, eat. No, let’s eat in the Blue Sea Ruins.”

Although the gem cat now had a medium-level Resistance, after being strengthened by its own nine-colored divine light, it was no problem for it to be comparable to a high-level Resistance, which was the overlord’s Resistance. In addition, Shi Yu was different from the past now. Nothing could happen.

Lu Qingyi said, “What’s this?”

Shi Yu said, “The resource my duck eats, the Reincarnation Fruit, is a resource that assists in activating the power of its previous life. If Teacher Ying really has a previous life and is the reincarnation of a god, it can be effective. If not, it’s useless.”

“Senior Lu, let’s take a look.”

…

A moment later, Shi Yu and the others entered the Blue Sea Ruins together.

The gem cat ate the Reincarnation Fruit excitedly.

Lu Qingyi stood beside Shi Yu and asked, “What do you think the chances of Teacher Ying having a previous life are?”

Shi Yu said, “I feel… 10%?”

Shi Yu’s judgment of whether transcendent creatures had the foundation of their previous lives was through the level of Resistance and Mythical Revival. For example, Duckie and Susu were the reincarnation of demigods, so they had the Resistance of overlords at the transcendent level.

As for Teacher Ying, it was already at the totem level, and its Resistance level was still medium. It didn’t look like the reincarnation of a big boss no matter how one looked at it. In addition, it couldn’t learn Mythical Revival. The 10% chance was because of its talent potential.

Shi Yu didn’t dare to say the chances were too low. After all, sometimes, the divine-level reincarnation of the sprite was only a precedent for the lowest Resistance…

What if?

“The taste is very strange,” the gem cat said after eating it in two bites.

“Yes, it’s a little spicy,” Shi Yu said.

The gem cat said, “It’s still acceptable, but it’s slightly spicy!”

With that said, it was suddenly stunned. A huge power spread from the gem cat’s body. Seeing this, Shi Yu and Lu Qingyi were also stunned. In the next moment, the gem cat’s expression became even more serious. Then, nine-colored light slowly lingered on its body.

It was like the light of evolution.

Damn, there was really a previous life?!

At this moment, although the fragment-like power memories and identity memories were already blurry, the gem cat still recalled something.

At the same time, the power hidden in the deepest part of the bloodline appeared, causing the gem cat’s life form to undergo a huge change.

Under the lingering light of evolution, the gem cat’s figure was quickly outlined in the light, gradually forming a graceful figure. This humanoid figure grew cat ears and a long cat tail, directly stunning Shi Yu and Lu Qingyi.

Cat, cat girl?

However, before they could see clearly what the gem cat teacher would become after activating the power of its previous life, this power quickly disappeared. The gem cat returned to its original form and opened its beautiful blue gem eyes.

They were moved.

It wanted more Reincarnation Fruits!

It… actually had a previous life.

Moreover, it was a demigod!

Although it wasn’t a god, it was also the king of totems who had mastered an empire.

The experience was also very legendary. As an ordinary transcendent creature, it was knocked out by the meteor gem that descended from the sky. When it woke up, its eyes mutated and it broke through to the totem level. It could be said to be a true daughter of luck.

Long before the establishment of the human ancient countries like Dong Huang and Ming Hua, it had established a super empire that dominated an area and was known as the Goddess of Day.

However… the final form he cultivated in his previous life was actually in a humanoid form like the Dragon God?? And it was a cat girl? The reason was that this humanoid form was easier to control the power of the Meteor Gem?!