Chapter 1112 - 1112 Demigod Cat Mother Gem Cat (2)

1112 demigod cat mother gem cat (2)

“Even Teacher Ying can’t??? I’ve already given it the nine-colored divine light inheritance crystal. It already has top-notch totem battle power, why can’t it even enter the domain of a monarch-level reincarnation god?”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Wu wu wu wu wu.” The gem cat’s cry came from the other side of the phone.

The gem cat cursed from the other side. Could it be blamed?

A cat face leaned over and said, “It’s not my fault. That big spider’s spider silk domain contains special laws. The nature of the laws is ‘indestructible’, and it has nothing to do with strength. Although its level is still low and its quasi-divine skill isn’t perfect, ordinary attacks are really useless.”

“They’ve been moving around in the city, but I don’t dare to use too powerful Skills.”

“Where’s your Instant Transmission?” Shi Yu said.

“The domain has also sealed the spatial Skill.” The gem cat.

Shi Yu said, “The proficiency is too low.”

The gem cat: “! #¥#@¥.”

The gem cat was angry.

“The other party’s spider silk domain is indeed very difficult to break. It has nothing to do with Teacher Ying, and I’m helpless… Fortunately, they didn’t do anything illegal, but they’re not interested in Dong Huang’s rope.”

Shi Yu said, “Then forget it. Some people like freedom and don’t like to be restricted. Don’t force it.”

Lu Qingyi said, “That’s indeed the case, but President Lin only feels that it’s a pity. After all, even that girl doesn’t have much of a sense of belonging to Dong Huang. It would be a pity if they left Dong Huang in the end.”

“Why don’t I take a look?” Shi Yu said.

….

After obtaining Senior Lu’s message, Shi Yu quickly arrived at the Linglan City she described. This place was backed by a continuous mountain. It was a third-level city, located in the suburbs of a second-level city. The geography was very remote.

Shi Yu directly arrived at the hotel where Senior Lu had temporarily rested and knocked on the door to enter.

The door was opened through Psychic power. At this moment, Lu Qingyi was leaning against a chair and reading with a conflicted expression. As Shi Yu entered, she put down the book and said, “Why do you look so weak again?”

Shi Yu smiled and said, “I just underwent a high-intensity battle. I’ve almost recovered from my Restoration.”

The supplements were all backed up in advance!

Shi Yu didn’t tell Senior Lu that he had used Qi’s power to transmigrate to an ancient parallel space. Qi didn’t want anyone other than Shi Yu to know its identity. It was mainly because Qi was afraid of being captured because its ability was always coveted. She really didn’t want to cause trouble.

The less people knew about it, the better.

“In short, you’re finally here.” Lu Qingyi stretched and said, “The director of Bureau 14 is yours. I’m off work. How do you plan to deal with that spider?”

Shi Yu said, “Let’s go take a look later.”

“Eh, what’s Teacher Ying doing? Why didn’t it welcome me?” Shi Yu looked at the gem cat in meditation.

Why was it suddenly so hardworking? Shi Yu looked at the dozen or so gem cat clones lying on the bed meditating with a strange expression.

“The revival of laws. Many countries have life forms that have awakened their divine power. Teacher Ying also wants to work hard and see if she’s the reincarnation of a god,” Lu Qingyi said with a smile.

“I feel that it’s really possible. After all, Teacher Ying’s talent is very strong, and her bloodline is very special. She doesn’t look like an ordinary gem cat.”

Shi Yu was speechless

It looked like it was working hard, but it turned out that it still wanted to take a shortcut to become stronger.

Impossible.

If it was the reincarnation of a god, Shi Yu could tell at a glance through the Mythical Revival teaching in the Skill Index.

For example, Qi. Because it was the reincarnation of a Time Sprite, even if all other skills couldn’t be taught, the Mythical Revival directly showed that it could be taught.

Teacher Ying couldn’t teach Mythical Revival, and it was only an intermediate Resistance. No matter how one looked at it, it didn’t look like the reincarnation of a big boss…

“Teacher Ying, all the best. You might really succeed,” Shi Yu said kindly. Although it was impossible to awaken, it wasn’t bad to be able to cultivate hard!

This was also worthy of that inheritance gem.

The gem cat opened its eyes and said, “Really?”

“Really,” Shi Yu said.

The gem cat: “I feel that you’re lying to me.”

Shi Yu : “…”

“Speaking of which, is Ancient God Golden Bull awake?” Shi Yu asked.

The gem cat: “Stop talking. The gods on Inatella Island are still sleeping. There’s no movement at all.”

“It’s been watching with my clone for more than half a year…” The gem cat’s main body had a pained expression.

The clones in meditation also revealed pained expressions. Although it wasn’t them and they had never seen that clone, they were both in the same boat. There was no need for them to know pain.

Shi Yu scratched his cheek and said, “Teacher Ying, you’ve worked hard. This is for you.”

Shi Yu took out a special Reincarnation Fruit from the ruins space and threw it to the gem cat.

The gem cat was stunned and caught the Reincarnation Fruit with its Psychic power.

This…

Wasn’t this the Reincarnation Fruit that had awakened the power of the Abyss Demon Duck!!

It had wanted it previously, but Shi Yu had always rejected it with the excuse that its Resistance was too low. If it really had a previous life and was very strong, he was afraid that it would go berserk.

Was Shi Yu finally willing to give it to him?

“Alright!” The gem cat looked happy and said, “I’ll watch Inatella seriously. You guys…”

It looked at the pile of clones and said, “You guys go patrol Inatella too. Report any commotion.”

The gem cat clones: ???

Lu Qingyi: …

Shi Yu said, “There’s no need…”

The gem cat said, “Then I’ll eat?”