Chapter 1115 - 1115 The Age Of Adults Has Changed (2)

1115 The Age of Adults Has Changed (2)

After all, Lu Qingyi, one of the ten titled legends of Dong Huang, was helpless against the other party.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Before this, the blonde girl was only a level-one Beast Tamer intern, the kind who purely raised pets as pets. Although she didn’t know much about the Beast Taming Domain, she understood Dr. Lu’s value.

Seeing that Lu Qingyi, who often appeared on the Internet and the news, had suffered and been rejected by the little spider she had contracted, she definitely trusted the white spider girl now and thought that it was the most powerful. After all… this was the reincarnation of a god.

Even the previous emperors of Dong Huang and the first president of Divine Source, who established the modern Dong Huang, had yet to reach the divine level.

In short, it was enough to believe in the little spider. Now, as an orphan, not only did she level up two levels in a short few days with the other party’s help, but she also ate delicacies and lived in a villa. What else was there to ask for?

“Someone else is here. They’re really haunting me.” At this moment, the spider girl who was supervising the blonde girl’s cultivation sensed the situation outside through the spider domain.

“Someone else? That Dr. Lu?” the blonde girl said.

“No, it seems to be a male this time,” the spider girl said.

“Let me see the surveillance video.” The blonde girl took out her cell phone and pulled up the surveillance video. Then, on the mountain road, she saw a short-haired young man in a white panda short-sleeved shirt and black pants walking over with his head lowered, playing with his cell phone.

The surveillance camera was quite clear. After she saw this figure, she stared at the other party’s face carefully and kept feeling that it was a little familiar.

“Do you know him?” the spider girl said. “Forget it, ignore him. They can’t enter anyway.”

Its spider silk was indestructible.

< Name > Divine Silk

[Level]: Quasi God-level

< Introduction > It can condense spider silk that contains the indestructible law and has endless nature changes. The spider silk can’t be destroyed by any form of power.

The Spider Lady was very confident in her Skill.

But soon, its expression suddenly changed, revealing an incredulous expression.

Its change also stunned the blonde girl beside it. “What’s wrong?”

At the same time.

Shi Yu stopped and looked at the place where the reincarnation god was. He could clearly see that a huge semicircular spider silk domain wrapped the entire villa area in front of him.

The white spider silk was incomparably thin, interweaving into a cage.

“There are so many. Looks like the other party’s quasi-divine skill is of the equipment resource type. It can be condensed and stored in advance. Not bad, I can get some to make clothes. It looks much better than Buggy’s worm silk.”

“Eleven.” Shi Yu chuckled. Little Eleven crawled out of his pocket and gradually enlarged to more than a meter.

Pa.

“Wuu?” Little Eleven was shocked. As Teacher Cat had said, it was so hard.

Shi Yu said, “There’s also the connection barrier. From the looks of it, it can’t shrink and enter either… Buggy’s spatial level is inferior to Teacher Cat, and it can’t teleport. It’s indeed very difficult to deal with.”

In fact, the current spider silk was still alright. After all, it was only at the quasi-divine skill stage. There was still a chance to break it with brute force.

When it really reached the divine skill stage, this skill that contained true laws was the most troublesome.

At that time, this kind of spider silk might really be indestructible.

If they couldn’t find the right cracking method, even higher-level life forms might be helpless against the law divine skills of life forms with weak battle power.

Qi’s spatial travel meant that as long as Qi could sense the danger, no one could catch it.

The battles of laws were mostly skill battles. They often needed to crack some special laws.

However, in most cases, Shi Yu was actually invincible.

Because Eleven’s Yin Yang Millstone contained destructive laws that could obliterate everything, including laws. Therefore, as long as Eleven’s divine skill proficiency level could keep up, most law divine skills could directly be obliterated by its law nature with the Millstone.

“Just give the other party a greeting gift. Don’t wait for the other party to open the door.”

“Eleven, Yin Yang Millstone.”

“Wuu!!”

Little Eleven directly stretched out its palm, and a Yin Yang Millstone the size of a teacup condensed in front of its palm.

It didn’t throw it out. It held it like this. As the millstone spun, dazzling lightning light began to obliterate everything.

< Name > Yin Yang Millstone

[Level]: Quasi God Level (Proficient)

After the battle with Emperor Wu and eating the World Tree Fruit as a fruit for half a year, Eleven’s Yin Yang Millstone finally increased its proficiency by one point without adding any points.

It was even more proficient in controlling this Skill now. At this moment, just holding it in its hand, the strong destructive wave instantly obliterated the special laws on the surrounding spider silk domain.

Buzz!!!

The sound of the obliteration of the power of laws, accompanied by the huge spider silk domain that surrounded the entire villa, disintegrated into countless snow-white spider silk that flowed into the surrounding spatial cracks. In the villa, the spider girl’s expression was shocked to the extreme.

“How can it have a top-notch law?” In its understanding, those who had such laws should be top-notch gods who had already left Blue Planet.

How could it appear on a pet contracted by a human?

BOOM!

The strong law suppression made the spider girl sweat profusely, soaking her white bathrobe.