Chapter 1118 - 1118 Dragon Palace Searching For The Black Tortoise

1118 Dragon Palace Searching for the Black Tortoise

Wu Ling City.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Shi Yu brought a pile of evolution materials over.

Ji Mengzhu, Lin Xiuzhu, White Brook, and the others were waiting for Shi Yu early.

As Shi Yu really poured a pile of evolution materials into the Iron-eating Beast Trial ruins, everyone’s expressions were stunned.

“You, where did you get this?”

Ji Mengzhu was shocked. Even during the era of Emperor Wu Dynasty, such a large number of evolution materials couldn’t be easily taken out.

“I cracked a ruin along the way. That’s not important.” Shi Yu looked at Aunt Ji Mengzhu and smiled.

He took it from her family and his uncle Emperor Wu.

As for the meteorite fragment, it naturally farmed Yun An. However, it was an ancient dungeon ruin…

The entire parallel space was a training ruin in Shi Yu’s eyes.

“Yes, Teacher, it’s not important!” Senior Panda’s eyes flickered at the side. She directly sat on the ground and picked up and observed these evolution stones one by one. She was like a little money-grubber.

With this, she could confirm that the Iron-eating Beast would completely become Dong Huang’s number one pet!

Its status would correspond to those quasi overlord races that far exceeded other countries, national treasures that could reproduce steadily.

“Wu wu wu, my Iron-eating Beast can finally evolve.” The beast-eared girl was extremely touched. The Iron-eating Beast was good in everything, but the inscription evolution materials were too lacking!

Seeing these evolution materials, she immediately didn’t regret joining the Iron-eating Beast Corps. She wanted to contribute, she wanted to change the materials!

“By the way, Shi Yu, I have good news for you.” Lin Xiuzhu, who was holding a rock, looked at Shi Yu.

“What?”

“After the revival of the laws, the probability of reproduction of most high-level pets of high-level races has increased. The experimental data on the iron-eating beasts are also extremely obvious. Before long, ordinary Beast Tamers can also contract iron-eating beasts.” Lin Xiuzhu smiled.

This was today’s latest research report in Dong Huang.

“This rule might also be applicable to humans. You can cultivate in peace now. You don’t have to worry about having a child in the future.”

“Ah, this.” Shi Yu immediately smiled in embarrassment. It wasn’t a big problem.

Even without the revival of laws, he could still become an ordinary person through physical control and the Time Fruit. In short, it was impossible for there to be a situation where Emperor Wu cultivated like crazy until the end and couldn’t even give birth to a child. Cough, cough.

Brother Emperor Wu, miserable! When Shi Yu thought of this, he immediately didn’t blame Emperor Wu for hitting him.

He didn’t know if the few divine medicines he had left behind could help him…

Perhaps there would be a new Legendary between Emperor Wu and the empress.

“Bring me to see the current situation of the various armies. Let’s have a meal together later. I have other things to do tomorrow, so I won’t stay long,” Shi Yu said.

“Busy person.” The three of them were immediately speechless.

Shi Yu expressed that he still had to prepare for battle!

Break through to level eight and farm the Yun An in this world!

He had to do it as soon as possible. With the revival of the laws, Yun An’s strength could probably improve again.

Yun An in this spacetime was already stronger than ancient spacetime. After the revival of the laws, it was undoubtedly stronger.

If Yun An was given more time to develop, Shi Yu was worried about another problem.

The ancient Yun An only used Blue Planet as a growth place. It planned to become stronger and become an extreme demigod. After absorbing the resources of Blue Planet, it would return to the starry sky.

Yun An in this space and time was undoubtedly closer to the extreme demigod. If it saw that so many gods had revived on the “low-level planet Blue Planet” one day and took things too hard, it wouldn’t want to develop here anymore. Wouldn’t Shi Yu suffer a huge loss if it directly ran out of Blue Planet?

At that time, it would be all for nothing.

Therefore, Shi Yu thought for a moment. He really couldn’t wait for the World Tree to awaken. It was better to rely on himself than on others.

He cultivated again and called Old Master Divine Source and Sister Dragon God. With the latter two added together, the suppression power would definitely be stronger than Emperor Wu. It wasn’t a big problem.

Next, Shi Yu, Senior Panda, and the others reminisced for a long time. They looked at the current development of the Iron-eating Beast Army, the Green Silkworm Army, the Mechanical Beast Army, and the Phoenix Army.

Among them, the Phoenix Army was built later. The Beast Tamers were all mixed-blood female soldiers with the Phoenix bloodline.

The current manager was Senior Lu’s mother, Mrs. Lu.

The members were all carefully selected geniuses from various places. Shi Yu’s batch of Beast Tamers, Zhang Qianyi, was also taking a leave of absence from school to join the army.

The four armies were developing pretty well. After Shi Yu arrived to inspect them, he thought that he had money and capital now, so he casually mentioned a plan to let the Green Silkworm Army develop into spatial and dragon types.

This way, the Iron-eating Beast Army corresponded to the strongest army of Emperor Wu Dynasty, the Phoenix Army corresponded to the strongest army of the empress dynasty, the Green Silkworm Army corresponded to the strongest army of the Dragon Emperor and the Space Emperor Dynasty, and the mechanical phantom beast army corresponded to the strongest army of the modern era. It was directly perfect.

This was what an army established by an archeologist should look like…

Forget about Emperor Shi’s army. In Emperor Shi’s army, Beast Tamers and pets were not special. They relied on the equipment and resources produced by Emperor Shi’s time-element pets. The powerful one was Emperor Shi, and it had little to do with the army itself.

Baby Ginseng still had to take care of the first and second teams, Shi Yu, and the gem cat. It really didn’t have time to take the time to lead another time-element army.

However, Shi Yu felt that he could poach the time-element totem of the Prediction Owl from Imperial Capital University and let it be a dog-headed military advisor to his four armies.

He was already at the totem level and had the ability to develop other time-element Skills on his own. Although it was a little unreliable in the past, his level was high now, after all. Bringing an army shouldn’t cause him to be wiped out, right?