Chapter 1111 - 1111 Demigod Cat Mother Gem Cat (1)

1111 Demigod Cat Mother Gem Cat (1)

After returning to the original space and time and discovering that the laws had recovered slightly, although Shi Yu felt that it was a pity that he couldn’t witness it, it wasn’t a big problem.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Sensing the changes in the entire Blue Planet, he took a deep breath and realized that the meditation efficiency had increased again!

This way, he might be able to break through to level 8 in two months.

The revival of laws this time was a huge benefit to everything on the planet.

Although it still couldn’t give legendary/ demigod-level experts the chance to break through to the divine level, low-level lives could basically grow faster.

“There will definitely be some changes in the association this time. I’ve already imagined a pile of communication records…”

Shi Yu stood on the Space and Time Island and looked at the surrounding pets. “Let’s return to Dong Huang first.”

“Wuu ~” “Wu!!” “Yi!!”

Under the response of the pets, Shi Yu rode Buggy and first left the chaotic magnetic field on the Space and Time Island. He received an emergency communication from President Lin through the tenth bureau’s Index. Then, he arrived at the edge of the Dong Huang Sea and received a bunch of messages from Senior Lu.

Their message content was basically similar. It was to ask where Shi Yu was now and when he would return to Dong Huang. It was all about the first revival of the laws.

Soon, Shi Yu descended on Dong Huang and called Senior Lu.

“Shi Yu, you’re finally here.” After the call was picked up, Senior Lu’s overjoyed voice came from the other side.

“It’s only been a few days.” Shi Yu was also helpless. “You sent a total of 11 messages and called six times.”

“It’s all because you disappeared and couldn’t be found. It’s fine usually, but after such a big thing like the revival of laws happened, you didn’t even return to Dong Huang. It’s very difficult not to think too much.”

“For example, encountering an awakened god and being smashed or something…”

Shi Yu said, “What a joke. I’m super strong now.”

He had just defeated Emperor Wu!

Although it was not the peak stage and a Emperor Wu who Shi Yu relied on the rules to win… he definitely had the strength to fight a demigod.

Senior Lu said, “Although the rules are only the revival of the initial stage, there are already many gods who have awakened because of this.”

“The gods in the best state have already recovered to the totem level. In addition to their Mythical Race and quasi-divine skills, they have demigod-level battle power. Moreover, demigods like them probably have battle power comparable to demigods who are close to the strongest ladder like the Blue Sea Sprite. Their strength even exceeds Senior Dragon God and the others.”

Had the Dragon God already become a combat measurement unit?

“The gods in poorer states have basically recovered to the overlord level, similar to most of the gods awakened by the World Tree on Inatella Island previously. However, because the rules are a little more perfect than at that time, they can already move in the outside world for a long time.”

“Of course, there are also weaker ones, such as those reincarnated gods. Their upper limits are those who awaken their memories at the totem level, and those who recover their memories at the overlord, monarch, commander, and transcendent levels. The difference in strength now is different.”

It was like this.

“But with their potential, it’s definitely not a problem for them to recover to demigod level before the Mythical stage completely revives.”

Under normal circumstances, apart from Qi, Shi Yu muttered in his heart. In the end, he asked, “It’s only been a few days, but there’s quite a lot going on.”

“Where are you now?”

Lu Qingyi: “President Lin established Bureau 14. At the moment, I’m the director. The original intention of this department was to find those divine beasts whose memories have awakened or revived from their sleep and rope them in.”

“The nature is considered a combination of the first and eleventh bureaus?”

“Now that you’re back, I’ll leave this director to you,” Lu Qingyi said tiredly. “Those divine beasts are too difficult to deal with.”

“At the moment, in Dong Huang, an Elemental-level life form revived from the Mythical Ruins. After reviving, it came out and showed its divinity before returning. It ignored me completely and didn’t open the door no matter how hard I knocked… There’s also a reincarnated divine beast that has awakened its memories. This divine beast has a contractor. It has already broken free of the contract. Fortunately, it’s still following beside the original contractor, but it has a little too many requests. It wants to rope it in and let Dong Huang take a few Mythical resources first. It’s a headache.”

Shi Yu was stunned.

A few Mythical resources were too much.

“How’s the strength of that reincarnated divine beast?”

Lu Qingyi said, “Although the strength of the divine beast that awakened its memories has only recovered to the monarch level, it has mastered a quasi-divine skill and has totem-like battle power. Moreover, the quasi-divine skill is very special. If they’re unwilling, we can’t even enter their house. By the way, its original contractor has also become its little brother. Ah, no, its little sister. Moreover, because its identity is a bad girl with two dead parents, it’s not easy to communicate. Now, it’s completely focused on the other party and doesn’t plan to stand on Dong Huang’s side at all. I’m thinking of a way to resolve this incident steadily.”

Shi Yu was amused. “That’s normal. A ready-made divine-level thigh. I will definitely cozy up to this.”

Lu Qingyi said, “Stop joking. Hurry up and think of a way.”

“Cough, but is it that difficult?”

“Yes.”

“Now, Teacher Ying is also assisting me beside me. Perhaps I’ve annoyed her… We can’t even get close to their 1km range now. We’re all isolated by the other party’s spider silk domain.”

Shi Yu: “Can’t get close?”