Chapter 1129 - 1129 Little Ji Duck'S Quasi Divine Skill (3)

1129 Little Ji Duck’s Quasi Divine Skill (3)

Heavenly King Du Ruo: “Dr. Shi Yu is at the high-speed stage of growth. It’s a bad thing to be involved in a large number of things like us too early. For example, Qingyi is clearly young, but she looks much more haggard recently.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Lu Qingyi: “…It’s alright.”

She could still accept finding divine beasts. It was similar to archeology. It was really tiring, but at least it wouldn’t be boring. It was much more interesting than guarding a certain place.

[Hello, seniors.] Shi Yu smiled and said: [I’ve been busy cultivating recently.]

Everyone believed it, but they also suspected something. Shi Yu was from Bureau 11. As an archeologist, he didn’t look like he could cultivate obediently no matter how they looked at it. After disappearing for so many days, didn’t he really go somewhere to explore ruins? If he was just cultivating, was there a need to miss the meeting?

At this moment, President Lin saw that the time was up and started to speak.

“The content of this meeting is about the Alliance Meeting. I believe everyone has already heard that the seven countries are going to send a Titled Beast Tamer to participate in the battle. After careful consideration, I plan to recommend Shi Yu to represent Dong Huang in the battle.”

“In this Alliance Meeting, battle power is the main criterion. Everyone has seen Shi Yu’s strength. Next, we’ll vote. If anyone has a better choice, you’re welcome to discuss it.”

As President Lin finished speaking, everyone was silent. Before Shi Yu became a titled legend, the strongest titled legend in Dong Huang was President Lin.

This kind of meeting was actually basically for the presidents of the various countries to go. In the end, President Lin didn’t go himself and chose to let Shi Yu go. What else could everyone say?

Even President Lin felt that Shi Yu was stronger than him now. They naturally didn’t think that Shi Yu didn’t have this qualification. Shi Yu, who had contracted a Mythical Race pet, was undoubtedly the strongest below the Legendary level under the one-on-one rules.

The rules this time were a dual pet 1VS1 system. Every Beast Tamer could at most have two summoning slots in each battle. They could choose two out of all the pets they contracted to fight, but in battle, they could at most send one pet to participate in the battle and fight one-on-one with the other party’s pet. Only when one side lost its ability to fight could they change pets. If either side’s two pets lost their ability to fight, they would lose.

President Lin must have also considered this kind of big matter that concerned the national interest carefully. Moreover, not many people present thought that their strength under such rules would steadily defeat Shi Yu.

Soon, the matter of Shi Yu representing Dong Huang in the Alliance Meeting was unanimously approved by Dong Huang’s top battle power! Moreover, three days later, the seven countries made a world official announcement.

The Alliance Meeting this time would be broadcasted live to the seven countries. After all, the competition this time was for worldwide influence. It could be said to make up for the regret that Shi Yu’s world competition couldn’t be broadcasted live.

That time… the main competition had ended before it even started. He had yet to tell the World Tree. Damn it.

“Hey, hey, hey, what a joke.” Three days later, after the news was broadcasted, countless Beast Tamers held their cell phones with incredulous expressions.

“The Blue Planet Alliance is about to be established. The members of the former Seven Nation Alliance will each send a Beast Tamer to participate in the Alliance Meet to represent their country in the pinnacle battle.”

What was a pinnacle battle?

According to the list announced by the Seven Nation Alliance…

Shen Feng sent the Beast Tamer, the president of the Shen Feng National Association, and the Mechanical God of War, Logan.

Ming Hua sent the Beast Tamer, the president of the Ming Hua Association, Reincarnator Ashaya.

Rongguang sent the Beast Tamer, the pope of the Divine Church of Light, the Son of Light, Ralph…

These names made the Beast Tamers of Dong Huang curse. It was really a pinnacle battle. They were just short of making the Legendarys of the various countries directly fight.

This was simply calling out the strongest Beast Tamer below the Legendary level in various countries. What were they doing?

Moreover, what shocked everyone the most was that on Dong Huang’s side, the one representing Dong Huang was not the mysterious President Lin, but another person.

Dong Huang sent the Beast Tamer, the world legend, Shi Yu!

“The Beast Tamers representing Snowfield, Shen Feng, Ming Hua, and the Seven Islands are all the current presidents of the associations. Rongguang is the pope of the Divine Church of Light, and Tingxiang’s is an unknown sprite name. Our Dong Huang is Dr. Shi Yu…”

“What’s going on? Has Dr. Shi Yu usurped the throne? According to the formation, shouldn’t it be President Lin? I’ve long felt that… he has a little too many dreams. It’s abnormal.”

“Is there a possibility that Dr. Shi Yu’s strength has already exceeded President Lin and is more suitable to represent Dong Huang in battle?”

“Is President Lin sick? I feel that Marshal Ye is more suitable…”

The content of the official announcement this time, be it outsiders or experts, was a very interesting topic.

There were very few public battles of this level. Moreover, there was a titled legend who could be said to be the strongest in every country who wanted to fight at the Alliance Meet. It was simply ridiculous.

Coupled with the establishment of the Blue Planet Alliance and the changes in the Seven Nation Alliance, many people guessed that this battle might decide something. Therefore, the strongest titled legend of the seven countries represented them in the battle.

“It has actually grown to this extent?” However, looking at the name list, many people still didn’t react. It was very unbelievable that Shi Yu could represent Dong Huang in the battle.

After all, looking at the representative list of the other countries, they were all the number one people below the Legendary level in the various countries. When it came to Dong Huang, it immediately became a young man. Although Shi Yu’s battle results from the Inatella World Tournament half a year ago were incomparably shocking, President Lin and the others had long become famous outside. In the hearts of the older generation, their recognition was even deeper.