Chapter 1128 - 1128 Little Ji Duck'S Quasi Divine Skill (2)

1128 Little Ji Duck’s Quasi Divine Skill (2)

“Let’s swim around first,” Shi Yu said as he pointed at the sea that had become the Chaotic Sea due to the interference of the duck’s power.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Hu!!” The Longevity Turtle jumped into the water with a bang.

Just like that, the Winter Water Snake and the Longevity Turtle immediately began the team entry test. However, Shi Yu’s clone, who was standing on the shore, forgot to tell them that the natural environment here was not static.

Every once in a while, two monsters would enter to fight. They also had to withstand the terrifying pressure from the aftermath of the other party’s battle.

….

After taking away the Winter Water Snake and the Longevity Turtle, Shi Yu didn’t stay in Dragon Palace City for long.

However, before leaving, he gave the Wex Dragon Palace’s Longevity Turtle and the Winter Water Snake overlord a few more Time Fruits with stronger Effects.

It meant that he was embarrassed to take away their new child…

If you guys are lonely, strike while the iron is hot. Have two more!

In any case, this pair couldn’t expect to reproduce normally for them.

Uh-huh.

After bidding farewell to Dragon Palace City, Shi Yu began to return to Ping Cheng.

During this period, his main training target was Little Ji and Duckie of the second team. He planned to completely unearth Little Ji and Duckie’s divine power.

Little Ji relied on the Mythical Revival to awaken the quasi-divine skill of the Earth Divine Dragon’s vibration law, while Duckie relied on the power of the Abyss Liberation and the Reincarnation Fruit to unearth the Abyss Seed to awaken the quasi-divine skill of its previous life.

As for the pets in Team One, they weren’t in a hurry to add points.

Apart from the few new skills that Eleven had awakened that needed to be added points, their skills were basically already maxed out. Unless they broke through to the totem level, there was no more to add. They were all in a bottleneck state.

Shi Yu’s hard work caused him to become a hindrance again.

As expected, the hard work of most individuals would only make others better…

In this situation, their training content was to train faith skills and quasi-divine skills themselves.

Buggy continued to condense the meteorite, and Susu continued to condense the Sea Cleansing Spirit. As for Eleven, Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong, and Ling, they used the background of the first revival of the laws to quickly deepen their understanding of the use of the power of laws.

In the training of quasi-divine skills, comprehending the laws of heaven and earth was the most important. The importance of comprehension was greater than normal training. With the help of the World Tree Fruit, there would be no problem with their comprehension.

Therefore, after returning to Ping Cheng, Shi Yu immediately started to call Little Ji and Duckie

As Shi Yu took off his coat and threw it on the sofa, he went to take the drink from the fridge and said telepathically, “After the additional points are added, be careful when you go to the ruins to fight and experiment with Skills. I’ve put two newbies in.”

The two pets expressed that there was no problem, but Shi Yu was still worried. He sighed. Forget it, he had his Psychic clone watching inside anyway.

“Prepare yourselves.”

“After I finish eating…”

“Add points, begin!”

….

At the same time that he added points to his pet, Shi Yu also entered a high-intensity meditation mode. He charged to level eight and prepared for the battle with Yun An in this space and time.

Shi Yu also paid extra attention to the Alliance Meeting that President Lin and Shi Yu had mentioned previously. After all, he might face a divine beast.

During this period of time, the establishment of the Blue Planet Alliance was the most attention-grabbing thing on Blue Planet at the moment. Not only was the Seven Nation Alliance advancing Impetus, but the totem countries were also paying attention. Although President Lin had already discussed it with Shi Yu in advance, the official meeting voting and official announcement had yet to be carried out.

During Shi Yu’s bitter cultivation, President Lin held an online meeting. The ten titled legends of Dong Huang, including Shi Yu, were all invited.

Among them, apart from the two newbies, Shi Yu and Lu Qingyi, who had obtained their titles at level seven, the other eight were all level-eight Beast Tamers. The unified characteristic of these people was that they all had the battle power to resist and even defeat totem level. They were considered an important part of Dong Huang’s high-end battle power.

Apart from that, the Mechanical Army, forbidden Arms, and the national guardian were all Dong Huang’s confidence as a superpower.

“Master, it’s about to begin.” After Shi Yu’s little secretary, Ling, helped Shi Yu enter the meeting, she whispered to Shi Yu, who was meditating beside her.

“Yes.” This was the first time Shi Yu had participated in such a high-end meeting. They were all titled legends! However, it was nothing. He was relatively familiar with a few of the nine people here. This time, it was basically just a formality.

[Eh, Dr. Shi Yu is here this time too?] Before the meeting started, an old man in a gray formal suit said.

Gold legend, Jiang Wenzhou, the richest man in Dong Huang, and three of the five major financial groups in Dong Huang were all related to him. He was known as the richest titled legend. Most of the pet’s skills were paywall skills, so his battle power was very strong.

The cat’s paywall skill was probably inspired by him.

Shi Yu looked at the screen of the richest man, Jiang Shoufu. His impression of him was that one of the other party’s juniors, Jiang Tianyang, was a Sequence Beast Tamer. As for him, Shi Yu had never come into contact with him much. It should be a deliberate restriction from the association. After all, Shi Yu was considered a Beast Tamer of the official system, and the five major financial groups were equivalent to civilian capital.

[It’s indeed rare.] The legend of the Tyrannical Sea, Yu Hui, was also very surprised. After all, in recent times, there had been at least five meetings. This was the first time Shi Yu had appeared.

The first-rank Ye Xing’s grandfather, the titled legend Ye Bing, who led the three major armies of the Beast Tamer Troops, also looked at Shi Yu’s screen. The four armies under Shi Yu had developed rapidly recently. Among them, the latest information about the Iron-eating Beast Corps shocked him.