Chapter 1126 - 1126 The Abnormal Two New Pets (3)

1126 The Abnormal Two New Pets (3)

Really?

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Minister Shi Yu was willing to guide it to become stronger?

“Of course.”

The Winter Water Snake’s gaze became even more serious.

Although it didn’t know why Shi Yu was willing to help it,

However, this opportunity was rare.

It indeed had a good impression of the Longevity Turtle, but after this incident, it also made the Winter Water Snake understand that strength was the most important.

It had nothing to do with the turtle. It just wanted to become stronger and control its fate. It hoped that Shi Yu could train it.

It wanted to become an existence like the Dragon God. Before that, it no longer planned to date. Love would only drag it down in its footsteps to become stronger.

It was relieved that the Longevity Turtle was fine…

As for them… Unless the Longevity Turtle could catch up to it. It would wait for the Longevity Turtle, hoping that the other party would have the same determination as it.

In addition, in return, it would serve the Environmental Protection Department and Minister Shi Yu well.

At this moment, Shi Yu sensed the change in the Winter Water Snake’s mood.

He couldn’t help but have a strange expression.

He kept feeling that something was wrong.

Just now, it was still a romance template. Why did it suddenly seem to have awakened some female lead and strong woman template?

Forget it, things had already come to this. Let’s leave it to the Longevity Turtle to have a headache. We’ll take it one step at a time.

Shi Yu said, “Alright, from today onwards, you will train here with my Spirit clone.”

….

On the other side, the Longevity Turtle was also shaken awake by Shi Yu.

After waking up and discovering that it was in a special environment and on the dry ground, the Longevity Turtle was also shocked. It suddenly shrank into its shell and slowly stuck its head out. It looked around nervously and saw Shi Yu.

The Longevity Turtle still had an impression of Shi Yu.

It was the strange life form that had suddenly entered prison.

“Hu! Hu!!” It retreated again and looked at Shi Yu cautiously, asking what Shi Yu wanted to do to it.

After the introduction, the Longevity Turtle was shocked.

“Hu! Hu!!”

Minister of the Environmental Protection Department?!

Unlike the Winter Water Snake, the Longevity Turtle was a relatively long-lived and smart race. It was also the most knowledgeable race in the faction of Dragon Palace City.

Because to assist the Dragon King, not only did they have to train their strength to grow quickly, but they also had to learn a lot of knowledge.

Although this Longevity Turtle was only a year old and had yet to start learning knowledge systematically, its knowledge reserves were not what ordinary sea beasts could compare to.

Compared to the Winter Water Snake, it knew Shi Yu’s status in Dragon Palace City better. Moreover, the Turtle Prime Minister of the Thunder Dragon Palace had mentioned Shi Yu in front of it many times.

It could be said that the transcendent lives born in Dragon Palace City because of the Time Fruit had more or less heard their parents mention Shi Yu. After all, he was Doctor Shi.

At this moment, the Little Longevity Turtle also didn’t understand why a big shot like Shi Yu would look for it.

“To put it bluntly, I like your potential.”

“In addition, you were born because of me. We’re very fated.”

“In the future, I might need your help in some things, but the premise is that you can become better.”

“I’ll give you a chance to become stronger and let you train beside me. Think about it.” Shi Yu smiled and said, “By the way, if you become stronger, you’ll have the ability to break some of the rules of the Dragon Palace and pursue your true love.”

The Longevity Turtle was stunned.

Then, seawater spread from its eyes.

After so long, after so long, was there finally someone who could understand it?

It just wanted to pursue true love. What was wrong with that? Not only did its family not understand, but the outside world also didn’t understand, let alone the Dragon Palace.

But he didn’t expect that there was actually someone willing to help it.

“Hu!!” It directly made a loyalty gesture to Shi Yu that only Prime Minister Turtle would do to assist the Dragon Kings. Its eyes were firm.

Please give it a chance to become stronger and break through the restraints. It would definitely become the most reliable Turtle Prime Minister and assist Minister Shi Yu in obtaining the position of Dragon God in Dragon Palace City!

Shi Yu: “?”

“Wait, wait, the thing I want your help with isn’t usurping the throne!”

The Longevity Turtle covered its mouth and nodded. “I understand. I can’t say it out loud. We have to quietly… turn it upside down.”