Chapter 1122 - 1122 Love Across Races (2)

1122 Love Across Races (2)

“And the interesting thing is about to come. Who knew that after hearing that the little turtle was locked in the underwater prison, the little princess of the Winter Water Snake Race immediately ran to plead for leniency?”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“So the reason why the little princess of the Winter Water Snake Race rejected the little turtle is because the Dragon Ball is too precious. In addition, it also knows that the racial rules of both races don’t allow interracial love, so it rejected.”

“After all, the Winter Water Snake Race is an overlord race. It’s very difficult to reproduce across races.”

“It’s precisely because it’s more rational and knows that there won’t be a result that it rejected it very directly. However, its true thoughts can’t be hidden from a group of overlords.”

“It also has a good impression of the little turtle. At this moment, it wasn’t just the Turtle Prime Minister of the Lightning Dragon Palace who was silent. The Winter Water Snake overlord also fell silent and locked its daughter in confinement. Let it reflect on itself to avoid both parties falling completely later.”

Ice Dragon was shocked. Damn it, there was also a big problem with this little Winter Snake princess.

Shi Yu looked at the information on the little princess of the Winter Water Snake.

[Race]: Winter Water Snake

[Attributes]: Water, Ice

[Race Level]: Low-level overlord

[Level of Growth]: Commander

< Introduction > She’s the daughter of the Winter Snake overlord. Her talent is shocking. She grew to commander rank at the age of one.

It was proud.

Shi Yu: “?”

“This is also a year old! Don’t tell me…”

“Ah, right, right, right. The little princess of the Winter Water Snake was also born because of Sir Shi Yu’s Time Fruit. The Time Fruit you sent made Dragon Palace City welcome a fertility wave.”

“Among them, using this opportunity, many breeding standard soldiers were also born in the Dragon Palace. Not only did they give birth to one child, but they also gave birth to a second child, a third child!”

“I remember that these overlords who have children at an old age gave Sir Shi Yu gifts. Didn’t you receive them…”

Shi Yu: …

His memory was bad.

Perhaps the gift was too light.

If it was a legendary resource, he would definitely remember it!

Ice Dragon looked at Shi Yu. So, was there a problem with the descendants born from the Time Fruit?

Why did they all like to fall in love across races?

However, talent did sound pretty good.

“So, Minister Shi Yu, what do you want to do with the information about the Tortoise and Snake Race?” the Longevity Turtle asked.

Shi Yu was silent for a moment before looking at him and saying, “Me.”

“I plan to nurture two new pets. The race I choose is the Turtle Snake.”

“What do you think?”

The Longevity Turtle widened its eyes.

They looked incredulous.

Holy shit.

A world legend had defeated the eldest prince of Dragon Palace City, the second prince, the third prince, and the strongest super Beast Tamer of the younger generation on Blue Planet. Sir Shi Yu planned to nurture a new pet?

Moreover, it planned to contract the Turtle Race and the Snake Race in Dragon Palace City?!

“What, what, what, really?” Ice Dragon was also shocked. “What’s there to nurture in a turtle snake? Why don’t you take my goddaughter away?”

Shi Yu said, “No.”

Ice Dragon: “Ah.”

Shi Yu said, “We’ll look at the other information later. I plan to see the Longevity Tortoise and Winter Water Snake you mentioned first.”

The Ice Dragon King and the Turtle Prime Minister looked at each other.

….

Soon.

Shi Yu descended to the underwater prison. After greeting the Golden Dragon King from afar, he entered.

In the depths of the underwater prison, the corners of the Golden Dragon King’s mouth twitched, but he still came out to welcome them.

The last time the Golden Dragon Prince applied to challenge Shi Yu, it agreed. It didn’t expect that it would be a depressed son who returned.

It even lost the faith of the citizens in his territory.

What a sin.

“What brings Minister Shi Yu here?” The Golden Dragon King circled in the air and said.

Shi Yu chuckled and said, “It’s nothing. I’m going to see a second-generation heir locked on the 0.5th floor. Golden Dragon King, go do your work. I can do it myself.”

“Second-generation heir, which one is it?”

“The son of the Lightning Dragon Palace’s Turtle Prime Minister.”

“It?” The Golden Dragon King had some impression. After all, it had just been locked in not long ago.

Moreover, these second-generation heirs had to be taken extra care of.

After all, the environment here was harsh. He couldn’t really let anything happen to them.

A moment later, Shi Yu arrived outside the prison. He paid attention to the inside without being detected.

Inside the lone prison surrounded by rocks, black water surged, lightning flashed, and thunder rumbled. Demonic winds howled, and it was very oppressive. A small blue turtle was quietly… training on a huge rock?

It was a Little Longevity Turtle, only half a meter tall.

It had a pair of bright red and black eyes and a wavy tail.

Its watery blue body was wrapped in a hard black shell, and its abdomen was white. It was the appearance of the Longevity Turtle when it was young.

At this moment, this little Longevity Turtle was doing “heavy lifting” with difficulty, holding the huge rock to train.

“What’s going on?” Shi Yu asked.

“Love makes turtles crazy.” The Golden Dragon King sighed. With a harem of 300, it was extremely loving and knew this very well.

The corners of Shi Yu’s mouth twitched.

After a casual guess, he understood that this blue turtle probably wanted to work hard to become stronger and obtain the right to speak through strength.

Wasn’t this quite ambitious? He wasn’t depressed at all. It looked like he had understood.

Shi Yu directly teleported into the prison.

He stood on the huge rock opposite the Longevity Turtle and looked at it quietly.

“Hu… Hu…” At this moment, the Longevity Turtle was exhausted and its consciousness was blurred. It didn’t notice anyone coming at all.

“Hey.” Only when Shi Yu spoke did the Longevity Turtle, who was training, suddenly jump in fright. It broke open the stone and took a step back to look at Shi Yu in shock.

Right on the heels of that, he accidentally fell off the rock and fell flat on his face. Then, he quickly got up.