Chapter 1120 - 1120 Dragon Palace Searching For Black Tortoise (3)

1120 Dragon Palace Searching for Black Tortoise (3)

“What you have, the opponent will also have…”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“If this situation also happens in other countries and they reach a cooperation with a certain god to contract on an equal or unequal basis, it will make this Alliance Meeting even more complicated.”

“This is also one of the reasons why I’m looking for you. It’s still a little difficult for the other titled legends of Dong Huang to fight an opponent with quasi-divine skills, but you’re different. You have the battle record of defeating Ancient God Golden Bull. Ancient God Golden Bull should be considered one of the best among the divine-level creatures at that time, right?”

Shi Yu was stunned before saying, “I understand. The opponent this time might have a contracted target of a Mythical Race, right?”

“Yes.” President Lin sighed and said, “Rongguang is really lucky.”

Shi Yu also sighed. He didn’t expect that his quasi-divine skill advantage had only been maintained for more than half a year before the version was updated.

This way, the pressure was indeed a little high. After all, he still didn’t know the situation of the opponent. If the opponent was an opponent with simple and crude elemental laws like Ancient God Golden Bull, Shi Yu didn’t mind.

He was afraid that opponents with strange rules that involved various special phenomena would be beaten up for their information.

“But during this period of time, it’s better to focus on meditation. It’s a little tiring to add quasi-divine skills, and the efficiency isn’t high. Well… I can start teaching Little Ji Mythical Revival, add points to Duckie, and let it awaken the Abyss quasi-divine skill. This way, maybe soon, there will be two more Mythical Races in my team.”

Law battles were very good at countering each other. With two more quasi-divine skills in the team, he could be more confident. Most importantly, by giving Shi Yu more power, he could open a longer and stronger domain.

After Shi Yu hung up, he continued to fly towards Dragon Palace City while telling the pets of the first and second clueless teams about the so-called Alliance Meeting.

The pets of Team One, Buggy, Chi Tong, and the others, were immediately excited when they heard that there was a divine beast reincarnation to beat up.

“Roar!!!” In the Beast Taming Space, Buggy took the initiative to volunteer. The divine beast from the last time was beaten up by Eleven. Could it be left to it this time?

“Me, me, me.” Chi Tong turned into its Sword Maiden form and begged Shi Yu cutely.

“Yi…” Baby Ginseng, on the other hand, looked old. When it thought of the subsequent pile of work, it couldn’t be interested in battle at all. It only wanted to self-destruct.

As expected, work was very easy to corrode Resistance.

Shi Yu felt that the problem was very big and got Susu to cleanse Baby Ginseng…

“Don’t be excited.” Shi Yu smiled, but soon, Shi Yu realized that the first team was pretty good.

The second team was even more excited.

“Roar!!!”

“Quack!!!”

Why not let them fight the divine reincarnation this time? As long as they could also awaken quasi-divine skills, they could definitely do it!!

“Be more reserved. The opponent is an angel god, an angel god!!”

Little Ji: “Roar!! (It’s a birdman. Eat my Earthquake!)”

Duckie: “Quack? (?? Why would you use earthquakes on a flying opponent? Can you hit it? Leave it to me!)”

Shi Yu: …

As expected, he should give Little Ji some intelligence. Expert level basic intelligence wasn’t enough.

No, even elementary school students should be able to understand this kind of entry-level knowledge!!

He still couldn’t understand how Little Ji reached expert level.

Little Ji: “Roar!! (Your abyssal power is countered by the Angel’s Light, you’re the one who shouldn’t fight! I still have the Space Splitting Sword!)”

Duckie: “Quack!” (Fight me after the meeting!)

Shi Yu: …

He didn’t know that the earthquake couldn’t hit flying objects, but he knew that the Angel Light countered the power of the abyss? There was something wrong with him!

Was this guy really stupid or pretending to be stupid?

….

Dragon Palace City.

Shi Yu had returned to Dragon Palace City in a long time. Out of convenience, he directly entered this time. No one discovered Buggy’s Instant Transmission.

In Dragon Palace City, probably only the Space Dragon King and the Dragon God had higher spatial attainments than Buggy.

After arriving, Shi Yu directly found the Frost Dragon King, the Frost Demon Dragon. He didn’t expect that not only did this guy not take advantage of the revival of the laws to cultivate hard, but he was also counting treasures in his Dragon Palace.

“Who…” Space ripples flashed, and the Ice Dragon King was shocked.

Then, she saw Shi Yu and the one-meter-long little green dragon flying beside him.

The corners of Ice Dragon’s mouth twitched. “…”

“Little ones, why are you here? Why didn’t you knock!!”

It was shocked and almost thought that someone was going to snatch the treasure.

Shi Yu, that was fine. This guy probably didn’t fancy this trash anymore.

Shi Yu scratched his cheek and said, “Didn’t you say last time that I didn’t have to be polite and just treat this place as home?”

“For convenience’s sake, I directly teleported in at once.”

Ice Dragon looked at Shi Yu and Buggy in silence. Alright, alright.

That seemed to be the case.

Ice Dragon grinned and said, “So, you didn’t come to Dragon Palace City for no reason. Is the big leader here to inspect the work? Let me tell you, the work of the Green Dragon Faith in Dragon Palace City is pretty smooth, mainly because the eldest prince, who you beat up, cooperated well.”

“Don’t worry, with me around, there’s no problem at all.”

Shi Yu chuckled and said, “It’s not about that. I’m here to ask you for two people. Ah, wait, sea beasts.”

Ice Dragon: “Huh?”

Shi Yu said, “Do you have the ‘personal resumes’ of all the members of the various turtle and snake races in Dragon Palace City? I remember that Dragon Palace City is also very strict in managing personal information, right? Get me a copy.”

Ice Dragon: …

What was Shi Yu doing??

However, it was true that because of the Dong Huang Alliance, in terms of modernization, Dragon Palace City did very well compared to other totem countries! This also made it more convenient for the Dragon Kings to manage the various races under them.

“There seems to be such a thing in the Environmental Protection Department. I’ll go find it.” The Ice Dragon King took out something that looked like a shell and shouted at it, “Prime Minister Turtle, Prime Minister Turtle, are you there, are you there, are you there!!!”

“Ah… I’m here.”

“Help me find something! No turtle speed!”

…

A moment later, the Ice Dragon King’s exclusive Turtle Prime Minister flew over to the Ice Dragon Palace with a huge booklet. When it saw that Shi Yu was also here, it immediately bowed and greeted in surprise.

“Minister Shi Yu, wu wu wu…”

“Prime Minister Turtle, are there any geniuses in your Longevity Turtle Race recently?” Shi Yu smiled and took the faction booklet that included 11 turtles and seven sea snakes. At the same time, he didn’t forget to ask.

Although there weren’t many members of the Longevity Turtle, it should be the Turtle Race with the greatest power in Dragon Palace City. Its status was even above some pure-blooded dragons.

“Hehe, how can those melons in our race dare to call themselves geniuses in front of Minister Shi Yu?” the Turtle Prime Minister said.

“I’m nothing. I was just lucky. Isn’t there any relatively special member in the Turtle Race recently?” Shi Yu asked.

In fact, it didn’t matter if he was a genius or not. It didn’t matter if he was a demigod or a god reincarnated. The most important thing was that he was special. At least, he had to have some shining points to contract him.

The Turtle Prime Minister was stunned. It glanced at the Ice Dragon King, who was also thinking hard, and also thought for a moment. Then, it immediately said, “Speaking of which, recently, our Longevity Turtle Race has indeed had a kid who became stronger quite quickly. He can be said to be a genius that’s rarely seen in a hundred years…”

“It’s just that…”

Shi Yu said, “It’s what.”

The Turtle Prime Minister said, “It was just a small accident. Its father used his connections to lock it in the 0.5th level of the underwater prison to reflect! It probably won’t come out for a hundred years!”

Shi Yu was stunned. “As expected of your Longevity Turtle. One level is a hundred years. If this was a Green Silkworm, it would have long died a hundred times.”

Buggy felt aggrieved. Did it provoke him?

“Did it do something wrong?” Shi Yu shook his head. If there was a problem with the turtle quality, forget it.

The Turtle Prime Minister pondered and said, “Sort of. It… it fell in love a snake race! In the Longevity Turtle Race, the mating of races is not allowed! What a sin.”