Chapter 1127 - 1127 Little Ji Duck'S Quasi Divine Skill

1127 Little Ji Duck’s Quasi Divine Skill

After coming into contact with the Winter Water Snake and the Longevity Turtle one by one, Shi Yu was certain that two more problematic children had come.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

However, he had already received the goods. Shi Yu, who found it troublesome, couldn’t be bothered to return the goods.

Next, just as he had planned at the start, Shi Yu didn’t plan to let them meet early.

After all, only by separating the two places could one have the motivation to become stronger.

With a goal, it was easier to train Resistance.

At the moment, the will levels of the Winter Water Snake and the Longevity Turtle were both low.

Shi Yu could still accept it. After all, the two little guys were only a year old. It was abnormal for their Resistance levels to be too high.

It was already very good to have low-level Resistance at this age.

Shi Yu planned to train them to medium Resistance before contracting them and teaching them the system.

Emperor Wu’s Black Tortoise Fusion was a super Skill. At the very least, it would only be easy to teach it to a middle-level Resistance.

“Next, your training goal is to conquer the land.”

In the Legendary Ruins, on an island, Shi Yu said to the Winter Water Snake.

The Winter Water Snake looked confused, indicating that it didn’t understand.

“Not far away, a drought envelopes the ground, and even a trace of water will be evaporated. The hot magma devours the ocean like a demon. That’s a very harsh environment. You have to train in that harsh environment.”

“Wu wu…” After being stunned, the Winter Water Snake nodded slightly with a firm gaze.

< Name > Winter Water Snake

[Attributes]: Water, Ice

[Race Level]: Low-level overlord

[Level of Growth]: Commander

[Race Skill]: Quas Gravel (Low-level ice-element Skill), Water Spear (Low-level water-element Skill), Quas Tail (Intermediate-level ice-element Skill), Frost Water (Intermediate-level water-element Skill), Blizzard (High-level ice-element Skill), Qi Yu (High-level water-element Skill), Absolute Zero (Ice-element super Skill), Vortex Strangulation (Water-element super Skill)

The Winter Water Snakes weren’t a race that was good at attacking. Their super Race Skills were inclined towards support.

For example, Absolute Zero was an ice-element domain skill that froze energy flow and Spirit activity.

Apart from that, their high-level Skills were also mainly weather skills.

In a real battle, it was definitely weaker among overlord races.

Therefore, Shi Yu planned to let it resist the harsh natural environment to train its Resistance first. This way, it would be more efficient and he could also practice these support skills. Fighting the weather in Little Ji’s territory was also an extremely difficult special training.

“I’ll take you to the land to take a look first.”

…

On the other side of the Legendary Ruins, Shi Yu’s other Psychic clone was correcting the thoughts of the young Turtle Prime Minister with incorrect awareness and political positions.

“Hu! Hu!!” Upon hearing Shi Yu’s denial, the Longevity Turtle gradually became clear.

Too small, too small.

It was still too narrow-minded.

Minister Shi Yu was a human. Compared to the position of Dragon God in Dragon Palace City, he definitely still wanted to be the big boss of Dong Huang!!

It secretly gave Shi Yu a thumbs up.

He had to assist Shi Yu well. Only such an ambitious lord was worth following.

“You’re still too full. The training in the underwater prison doesn’t seem to be enough for you.”

Shi Yu and the Longevity Turtle were at the border between the dry land and the ocean. Shi Yu pointed at the sea opposite and said,

“Do you see over there?”

After the Longevity Turtle turned around, it nodded.

The calm Taihai Sea…

Boom.

Just as it finished speaking, dark clouds filled the sky in the distance. Lightning flashed and thunder rumbled. A monstrous black rainstorm descended, raising a tsunami more than ten meters tall, drowning an island and shattering the island.

The island sank, and a huge vortex condensed, Devouring all the shattered rocks around it. A moment later, the sea returned to calm, and the world was peaceful.

The Longevity Turtle: …

“Hu…” The Longevity Turtle retreated. Why did it feel that it was even more dangerous than an underwater prison?

“Of course. The people on the 0.5th floor of the underwater prison are all second-generation heirs. Can they really put you in danger?” Shi Yu muttered in his heart. The environment on the 1st to 6th floors of the underwater prison was much harsher than the 0.5th floor.

It was just a small black room on level 0.5.

“Next, your training goal is to conquer the ocean.”

“In this sea area, a storm interferes with the calm of the sea area. The aura of the Demon God destroys the peace of the water element. It’s a very harsh natural environment. You have to train in this harsh environment.”

“With the goal of becoming a water god, calm the roar of the sea.”

“Hu!! Hu!!” The Longevity Turtle also revealed a determined expression, indicating that there was no problem. How could the sea be peaceful? How could there be true love?

< Name > Longevity Turtle

[Stats]: Water

[Race Level]: High-level monarch

[Level of Growth]: Commander

[Race Skill]: Water Spear (Low-level Water-element Skill), Spin Impact (Low-level Water-element Skill), Spirit Water (Intermediate-level Water-element Skill), Water Shield Wall (High-level Water-element Skill), Guardian Water (High-level Water-element Skill), Water of Life (Water-element super Skill)

As for the Longevity Tortoise, Shi Yu’s training content was also very simple. After all, the Longevity Tortoise was even less good at battle than the Winter Water Snake. After calculations, the Longevity Tortoise only had two attack Skills, and they were all low-level. One relied on the turtle to spew water, and the other relied on the shell to fight head-on.

Compared to combatants, it was also more like a support. The Spirit Water could increase energy and reduce fatigue, and the Water of Life could be treated. It had nothing to do with battle.

However, that was in the past. Even Baby Ginseng could be cultivated into a combatant. There was nothing impossible with Shi Yu. One was a Longevity Turtle, and the other was a Winter Water Snake. Sooner or later, Shi Yu would have to cultivate them into real Black Tortoises.