Chapter 1125 - 1125 The Abnormal Two New Pets (2)

1125 The Abnormal Two New Pets (2)

The Turtle Prime Minister of the Wex Dragon Palace naturally knew what the Black Tortoise was.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

If it were anyone else who said this, it would definitely sneer, but the one who said this was Shi Yu.

Shi Yu had indeed cultivated a real green dragon!

The overlord-level Green Dragon killed a totem-level hybrid dragonman in one hit! It was invincible!

It even easily defeated the eldest prince. It had heard this!

These were the Four Holy Beasts!

If its descendants could evolve into a True God Black Tortoise, the Turtle Prime Minister didn’t even dare to imagine it.

After all, the Black Tortoise Race was an existence more honorable than the previous Dragon Gods of Dragon Palace City.

With a boom, the Turtle Prime Minister of the Wex Dragon Palace felt that a huge pie had hit its head.

The Turtle Prime Minister cried.

“Minister Shi Yu, you might not believe me, but I actually think very highly of them. However, the rules of the Longevity Turtle Race and the Winter Water Snake Race are strict. I don’t have the power to change these at all, Minister Shi Yu! The happiness of my child depends on you, Minister!”

“The life of parents is difficult! If Minister Shi Yu needs help, I won’t hesitate to give up my old life!”

Winter Water Snake Overlord:???

Bullshit!!!

The Winter Water Snake overlord suspected that the other party had copied its lines, but there was no evidence.

Shi Yu and Buggy: …

“In other words, you guys are actually okay with it, right?” Shi Yu asked.

“Of course.” The Turtle Prime Minister and the Winter Water Snake overlord looked at each other. Was there a problem? No.

After a moment of silence, Shi Yu said, “Then there’s no problem. Next, I’ll take them away directly.”

“Heh, moreover.” Shi Yu revealed a hearty smile and said, “I don’t plan to let them know all of this first.”

“I’ll train them alone first to test the determination of both parties.”

“Only if they can survive the training together will I do my best to nurture them. Therefore, the two of you have to be mentally prepared. They can be sent back at any time.”

“Gulp.” The Turtle Prime Minister and the Winter Water Snake overlord of the Wex Dragon Palace were extremely nervous.

Shi Yu said, “But don’t worry, they’re still children. I won’t give them too strict training. It’s just some basic training that the new pets in my team have to undergo.”

“No problem, right?”

The Turtle Prime Minister and the Winter Water Snake overlord of the Wex Dragon Palace heaved a sigh of relief.

Their descendants were all geniuses. It was just basic training, so it shouldn’t be a problem.

“Of course not. Minister Shi Yu, just treat it as your child,” the Turtle Prime Minister said.

“Same, the same,” the Winter Water Snake overlord said.

Shi Yu: …

No way.

Would a normal person torture their child?

But there was definitely no psychological pressure to train a blue tortoise in love.

“Then it’s decided.”

….

In the Deep Sea Prison, the unconscious Little Longevity Turtle, in the forbidden area of the Winter Water Floating Island, the Little Winter Water Snake, which had fallen asleep to offset its hunger, was put into the legendary ruins with a mysterious power with an even harsher environment.

This ruin was the battlefield of Little Ji and Duckie. The chaotic sea area and the dry land were not good places for sea creatures or land creatures.

A long time later.

The Winter Water Snake on the Chaotic Island woke up immediately. After waking up and sensing the unfamiliar environment around it, it looked around in a panic and saw Shi Yu sitting on the huge rock beside it.

“Wu wu ~” The Winter Water Snake looked at Shi Yu cautiously. It kept feeling that Shi Yu was a little familiar.

It seemed to have… seen it in a dream!!!

It recalled carefully and suddenly recalled that there seemed to be a person who had asked it if it liked the Longevity Turtle!

“Don’t be nervous,” Shi Yu said with a smile as he looked at it.

“Let me introduce myself. I’m the minister of the Ocean Environmental Protection Department of Dragon Palace City, Shi Yu. I don’t know if you’ve heard of me, but it’s alright if you don’t.”

“Now that you’re no longer in the forbidden area of the island, you were sent to me.”

The Winter Water Snake was stunned. It felt that it had indeed heard of the name Shi Yu.

It could be said that without Shi Yu, without Baby Ginseng’s Time Fruit, there wouldn’t be it. Therefore, the Winter Water Snake overlord always mentioned Shi Yu, so it naturally remembered the name Shi Yu.

“I heard about you and that Longevity Turtle. I can help you.” Shi Yu smiled.

Winter Water Snake: !!!

“Wu ~?” The Winter Water Snake looked at Shi Yu. Could Shi Yu save the Longevity Turtle from the deep sea prison?

“Of course, that’s not a problem. Not only that, I can also let you guys be together.”

“Wu ~!” The Winter Water Snake’s body stiffened. It turned its head, indicating that it couldn’t understand what Shi Yu was saying.

Shi Yu: …

Shi Yu looked at the Winter Water Snake and said,

“However, I can only help you a portion. In the end, you were stopped because your strength isn’t strong enough and you don’t have the right to make your own decisions. I can give you a venue to become stronger, a way to become stronger, and resources to become stronger. If your strength can be on par with the totem dragon king, I believe no one will stop you.”

“In another place, the Longevity Turtle will also face the same test. I’ll become your temporary Beast Tamer and let you undergo training in the Environmental Protection Department. Whether you can become stronger depends on yourselves. So, are you willing to accept the test?”

“Wu ~!” At this moment, the Winter Water Snake was stunned. It suddenly looked at Shi Yu seriously.