Chapter 1123 - 1123 Love Across Races (3)

1123 Love Across Races (3)

“Hu… Hu…!” The Longevity Turtle looked at Shi Yu cautiously.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Obviously, it didn’t know who Shi Yu was.

“Looks like you don’t know me.” Shi Yu looked at it and said telepathically, “I heard that you were locked in because of your puppy love?”

“Hu!” The Longevity Turtle’s expression was firm. Don’t even think about convincing it.

Its willpower could be Gritted.

It directly regarded Shi Yu as the guy its father had sent to persuade it.

However, that was impossible!

Even if the entire world stopped it, it had to persist. It believed that as long as it worked hard, it could definitely catch up to the other party.

“Continue. We’ll meet again.” Shi Yu chuckled.

He could see the other party’s determination.

Next, it was time to see the situation of the little princess of the Winter Water Snake.

If it was really as the Turtle Prime Minister had said and also had a good impression of this blue turtle, Shi Yu didn’t mind matchmaking it and taking it away.

Wasn’t it just that it was very difficult to reproduce across races and was forbidden by his family?

Was this a problem?

Shi Yu didn’t believe that the other party would refuse if he told the Turtle Prime Minister of the Lightning Dragon Palace and the Winter Water Snake overlord to take them away to give birth to Black Tortoises.

“You’re leaving just like that?” At the same time, the Golden Dragon King, who had sent Shi Yu away, had a strange expression.

He was very confused by Shi Yu’s behavior of leaving after only whispering a few words to the Longevity Turtle.

At the same time.

Winter Water Floating Island.

In the territory of the Winter Water Snake Race.

Shi Yu descended again.

In the depths of the Winter Water Snake habitat, the Winter Water Snake overlord was suddenly shocked and quickly flew out. Then, it was shocked to see Shi Yu standing on the island.

“Minister Shi Yu??”

As a little transparent in Dragon Palace City and even the Environmental Protection Department, the Winter Water Snake overlord didn’t understand why a big shot like Minister Shi Yu would suddenly come to its territory.

This thick blue-bodied white-striped snake immediately flew over ingratiatingly and said, “Minister Shi Yu, why are you free to come to me? Do you have any instructions?”

Shi Yu looked up at the Winter Water Snake overlord that was slowly descending and smiled. “Long time no see, Winter Water overlord.”

[!!] The Winter Water Snake overlord didn’t expect Shi Yu to still have an impression of it. They had clearly only met at the Dragon Palace banquet that time, and they didn’t communicate the whole time.

“I came this time to investigate some situations. Did you give birth to a daughter after you received the Time Fruit from the Environmental Protection Department?”

The Winter Water Snake nodded crazily and thanked him happily. “Yes, yes, and the talent is quite good. Thank you, Minister Shi Yu.”

“I heard that your daughter has some problems with the son of the Lightning Dragon Palace’s Turtle Prime Minister?”

The happy expression of the Winter Water Snake overlord stopped abruptly. It said awkwardly, “It’s like this. My daughter is really useless. Her talent is so good and she’s so young, but she’s actually obsessed with love. I’ve already locked her up to reflect!”

“How is is the situation with that right now,” Shi Yu asked.

“…Not good,it hasn’t eaten in a long time. It said that when that Longevity Turtle is released from the underwater prison, it will be willing to eat. Our family is unlucky!!” The Winter Water Snake overlord’s eyes were filled with tears.

What kind of sin was this?

It was only one year old, only one year old.

Shi Yu was silent. He could understand the Winter Water Snake overlord’s mood.

If anyone’s daughter was already like this at the age of one… As a father, he would definitely go crazy.

Moreover, this was foreign love…

But from the looks of it, the little princess of the Winter Water Snake Race had pretty deep feelings for the blue turtle.

“Can I take a look?” Shi Yu asked.

…

A moment later, Shi Yu also saw the legendary proud Winter Water Snake between the cliffs where the little princess of the Winter Water Snake was imprisoned. Just like the Longevity Turtle, the fusion skill could be taught.

At this moment, it was cold on the ice Rock, relying on sleep to reduce the physical consumption of not eating.

Shi Yu looked around. Indeed, only the Turtle Race and the Snake Race could learn the fusion skill developed by Emperor Wu.

As expected, it was more suitable to change this fusion skill to Turtle Snake Fusion and Black Tortoise Fusion.

“I’ll wake it up now.” Although the Winter Water Snake overlord didn’t know why Shi Yu wanted to see its daughter, it was very happy.

No matter what, Shi Yu was half a father to its daughter!

If this could be connected, wouldn’t it take off?

“There’s no need,” Shi Yu said. “Winter Snake overlord, have you thought about what will happen in the end if you don’t stop it from developing with that Longevity Turtle?”

The Winter Snake overlord was stunned, not understanding what Shi Yu meant.

At this moment, Shi Yu and Buggy’s spirits had already invaded the dream of the little princess of the Winter Water Snake.

Now, he also had to understand the thoughts of the little princess of the Winter Water Snake. After all, he couldn’t randomly matchmake them.

In the dream.

The Winter Water Snake Princess’s subconscious was looking at the human and the green dragon in front of her in confusion.

“Do you like that Longevity Turtle?”

Shi Yu and the others went straight to the point. In Buggy’s dream control, it was very difficult for the other party to lie. Even if it was lying, they could understand the other party’s true thoughts.

At this moment, when the little blue snake heard the young man’s question, it was immediately angry. A trace of red appeared on its face as it turned around in disdain.

[Who would like a turtle?]

Shi Yu and Buggy: ???

Didn’t the information say that it had a proud personality? This was clearly a proud personality. Why was its face red and its heart beating faster!

In the outside world.

“Minister Shi Yu, you mean…” The Winter Water overlord was confused.

Shi Yu looked at it and said, “I’m just about to nurture a Black Tortoise. That Longevity Turtle and your daughter have the potential to evolve into Black Tortoise together. In the future, they might even be able to breed True God Black Tortoise. If I want to take them away from Dragon Palace City and let them train and grow together, I wonder if it’s feasible.”

Shi Yu planned to follow the thoughts of the other party’s elders. After all, both parties were only one year old and very young. Once he brought them out, they would follow him for a longer time.

The Winter Water Snake overlord opened its mouth wide in shock. Shi Yu wanted to nurture a Black Tortoise? It knew that Shi Yu had already personally cultivated an orthodox Green Dragon. Now, he wanted to nurture a Black Tortoise? Moreover, he had chosen its daughter?

“You might not believe me, but I actually think very highly of them too. However, the rules of the Longevity Turtle Race are strict. I don’t have the power to change these at all, Minister Shi Yu! My daughter’s happiness depends on you, Minister!” The Winter Water Snake overlord cried.

Shi Yu: “?”

At the side, Buggy was silent. Why did it feel that the Turtle Prime Minister of the Thunder Dragon Palace would also say the same thing later… They were too real!