Chapter 1124 - 1124 Abnormal Two New Pets

1124 Abnormal Two New Pets

Next, the Winter Water Snake overlord followed Shi Yu to the Ice Dragon Palace. It was nervous and excited along the way.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

It trusted Shi Yu very much.

After all, without Shi Yu, its Winter Water Snake Race would have been cut off.

It was all thanks to Shi Yu’s miraculous revival that it could have descendants.

It didn’t know if Minister Shi Yu had received the silk banner he had given him.

It was 99% thanks to Shi Yu that this daughter could be born, so it naturally had no objections to whatever Shi Yu wanted.

Moreover, this wasn’t a bad thing. It was a huge good thing.

After all, Shi Yu had taken the Little Water Snake away to nurture the “Black Tortoise”.

Among the relatives of the transcendent creatures, there were actually far fewer strong emotions than the humans.

The evolution of races was the strongest desire of transcendent creatures to reproduce in the next generation. The goal was to pass down their best genes.

Then, he would let this race reach the peak one day. This was an obsession engraved in the bloodline genes of transcendent creatures.

Now that there was a shortcut, it would be a waste not to take it. The Winter Water Snake overlord had already decided. If the Thunder Dragon Palace’s Turtle Prime Minister didn’t know what was good for him… It would… It would…

In the Ice Dragon Palace.

After Shi Yu and the Winter Water Snake overlord arrived, they got the Turtle Prime Minister of the Ice Dragon Palace to call the Turtle Prime Minister of the Thunder Dragon Palace over.

“Lord Ice Dragon King.” The Winter Water Snake followed Shi Yu and looked at the Frost Demon Dragon carefully.

It happened to be a race protected by the Ice Dragon King in the Ice Dragon King’s domain.

“Ah.” Ice Dragon nodded.

The Winter Water Snake Race was indeed beautiful.

Its body was slender, and its entire body was covered in ice-blue scales. Its abdomen was snow-white, and its scales that were like snow clouds in winter covered both sides of its head. It was extremely beautiful.

However, it still had a strange expression, not understanding why the Longevity Turtle liked snakes.

But the difference in image was too big.

As expected, there was a problem with the Time Fruit… It couldn’t eat more in the future.

“This time, it’s the Genius Tortoise that fell in love with the Hack Dragon,” Shi Yu muttered beside him. This made sense. Both parties were in the same egg group.

Unfortunately, it wasn’t the same set.

However, if he really wanted to fall in love across races, it wasn’t like Shi Yu couldn’t think of a way to reproduce.

First, both parties evolved towards the dragon element and used the powerful genes of the dragon element to reproduce.

Secondly, both parties used the Black Tortoise Fusion Technique to temporarily fuse and evolve into Black Tortoises. Then, they relied on the Black Tortoise state to reproduce the next generation of Black Tortoises.

However, no matter what, both parties were no longer the Longevity Turtle and the Winter Water Snake. Moreover, every method was very difficult for people other than Shi Yu.

Soon, the Turtle Prime Minister of the Thunder Dragon Palace arrived. It was still stunned and didn’t understand why the Turtle Prime Minister of the Ice Dragon Palace had called it over.

Could it be that the Ice Dragon planned to attack the Lightning Dragon Palace?

This new Ice Dragon King had recently spread the faith of the Green Dragon in Dragon Palace City very violently. Several Dragon Kings’ spheres of influence had been corroded!

It even included the Golden Dragon King’s territory!

“No, we have to protect Lord Lightning Dragon King’s territory. No matter how many benefits the Ice Dragon King gives, we can’t…”

“Ah, Minister Shi Yu?! The Winter Water Snake overlord is also here?”

At this moment, as they arrived at the Quas Dragon Palace, the Turtle Prime Minister of the Lightning Dragon Palace saw Shi Yu and even the Winter Water Snake overlord. He was immediately stunned again, not understanding the situation.

“I’m not looking for you, it’s it.” The Ice Dragon King saw that the Turtle Prime Minister of the Thunder Dragon Palace didn’t look very smart and pointed at Shi Yu.

At this moment, after seeing the Wex Dragon Palace’s Turtle Prime Minister, Shi Yu smiled.

“Prime Minister Turtle, long time no see. I heard that after you used the Time Fruit, you finally have a son in your old age. Congratulations.”

“Wu wu wu, thank you, Minister Shi Yu.” The Wex Dragon Palace’s Turtle Prime Minister looked excited. Thank you so much.

With such a huge favor, it would not hesitate to sacrifice a trace of Lord Wex Dragon King’s benefits even if it had to climb a mountain of blades and go through a sea of flames.

“I heard that something happened between your son and the son of the Winter Water Snake overlord?” Shi Yu looked at the Winter Water Snake and then at the Turtle Prime Minister.

Upon hearing that, the Turtle Prime Minister was stunned. Then, it looked at the Winter Water Snake overlord.

“Sigh, it’s a long story! However, I’ve already controlled that kid in time. Next, I’ll definitely let it study the Sage Book hard and assist the next Dragon King well,” the Turtle Prime Minister’s heart skipped a beat and he quickly said.

“No, I mean, there’s actually no need to be so strict.”

Shi Yu said, “We can completely let our descendants fall in love freely and decide their future themselves.”

Prime Minister Turtle: Huh??

“Ever since I cultivated one of the four holy beasts, the Green Dragon, I have the intention to nurture another Black Tortoise. Your descendants, the descendants of the Winter Water Snake overlord, are the best partners in terms of compatibility. They have the potential to evolve into Black Tortoise together. In addition, they were all born because of my Time Fruit and are fated with me. If I want to take them away from Dragon Palace City and let them train and grow in the outside world together, I wonder what Prime Minister Turtle thinks.”

The Turtle Prime Minister was stunned and opened its mouth wide in shock.

Holy shit, Black Tortoise?!

Only then did Ice Dragon and the Quas Dragon Palace Prime Minister know what Shi Yu wanted to do.

Ice Dragon was immediately shocked. Why didn’t Shi Yu do anything humane all day?

The Turtle Prime Minister of the Ice Dragon Palace was even more jealous. It was still “young” and wasn’t in a hurry to have a child. If it had known, it would have given birth to a little turtle no matter what and tried its luck.

In Dragon Palace City, the faith of the Green Dragon was popular, but apart from that, the Black Tortoise was also very famous. After all, in the ocean, apart from dragons, there were also turtles.