Chapter 1121 - 1121 Love Across Races (1)

1121 Love Across Races (1)

Shi Yu was silent.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Ice Dragon was also stunned.

A genius Longevity Turtle had fallen in love with a snake?

What was going on, little brother?

Shi Yu had a strange expression.

[Ling, is it you?]

[Ling: Huh?]

In short, Shi Yu suspected that Ling’s luck skill was giving him more trouble again.

What was he doing in Dragon Palace City this time? Finding an individual who could fuse into a Black Tortoise.

He happened to need turtles and snakes.

In the end, a tortoise and snake in a relationship came here?

This… This was simply a perfect Black Tortoise template.

Just like the Green Dragon, the Black Tortoise also had many images.

As for Emperor Wu’s Black Tortoise, its evolution direction was towards the legendary Turtle Snake Black Tortoise image.

On Earth, Black Tortoises with the image of turtles and snakes were actually popular.

For example, after the Han Dynasty, the image of the turtle and snake fusion was left behind by the ancient clans that worshiped the turtle or turtle totems and the clans that worshiped the snake totems.

From this point of view, it was very scientific for a turtle and snake to mate and produce a black tortoise!

But in reality, this was actually very unscientific.

After all, with segregation, it was impossible to mate successfully.

In nature, only pure-blooded dragons with powerful bloodlines could cross races to mate.

Presumably, this was also the reason why the Longevity Turtle Race, which had difficulty reproducing, prohibited mating with other races.

There weren’t many descendants to begin with, and they still had to waste them on other races. It was time to pass!

Shi Yu seemed to understand Father Longevity Turtle’s anger.

“Minister Shi Yu?” The Turtle Prime Minister couldn’t help but shout when it saw Shi Yu silent on the spot.

“Show me the information on these two guys you mentioned,” Shi Yu said.

“Yes.” The Turtle Prime Minister nodded and quickly flipped through their information.

Shi Yu looked at it.

[Race]: Longevity Turtle

[Stats]: Water

[Race Level]: High-level monarch

[Level of Growth]: Commander

< Introduction > It’s the son of the Turtle Prime Minister of the Lightning Dragon Palace. It’s talented and has a mutated body. It broke through to commander rank less than a year after it was born.

Later on, because he violated the clan rules, he was imprisoned by his father on the 0.5 level of the underwater prison to reflect…

The 0.5th floor of the underwater prison… That was a specially opened level. It was mainly used to lock disobedient second-generation heirs of the Dragon Palace. The internal environment was harsh, and it was a very terrifying place.

It was considered a childhood shadow that the experts of Dragon Palace City would casually mention to scare children when educating their heirs.

“What’s going on? He’s not even a year old, but he’s already a commander rank???” Shi Yu was stunned.

Because the Longevity Turtle had a long lifespan, its growth was very slow.

“Did the Turtle Prime Minister of the Thunder Dragon Palace give it some crazy gold karats?”

The Turtle Prime Minister: “Ah… What resource is that? No, the Turtle Prime Minister of the Thunder Dragon Palace said that that little guy usually eats basic food. To be able to grow so quickly, it’s purely a mutation.”

“I think it’s also because of the mutation that its mating concept is a little problematic…”

“Mutated creatures all have some strange problems. It’s not strange for them to mature early and have strange mating orientations.”

The Turtle Minister looked at Shi Yu with a gossipy expression and said, “Speaking of which, this is also related to you, Minister Shi Yu!”

Shi Yu: “?”

“What has it got to do with me?”

The Turtle Prime Minister said, “You forgot that the Turtle Prime Minister of the Thunder Dragon Palace has never had any descendants because he’s too old and too strong. He even asked you for the Time Fruit…”

“It successfully had a son when it was old because it mated after eating the Time Fruit you gave it…”

Shi Yu: “?”

Ice Dragon:!!!

“After that little turtle was born, it has always had high hopes. It plans to start training when it grows up a little.”

“But who knows…”

“Who knew that that little turtle would actually have such thoughts when he was only a year old? It’s as if he has lovesickness and is obsessed with lovesickness all day. His cultivation speed has decreased greatly, making the Turtle Prime Minister of the Thunder Dragon Palace furious…”

Ice Dragon: Ah, this.

Shi Yu: “He’s only one year old. No matter how I look at it, a child is insensible.”

“Moreover, how did they come into contact?”

The Turtle Minister: “It seems that because a playful little turtle was injured somewhere in the Dragon Palace and was helped by the little princess of the Winter Water Snake Race.”

“Then, the two parties met again at a banquet and completely became friends.”

“Both parties are geniuses. They fight and spar every day, play every day, and grow and improve together.”

“Then, the little turtle fell in love.”

Ice Dragon: “Young people are really fancy.”

Shi Yu: “It’s good to be young.”

The Turtle Prime Minister: “The Turtle Prime Minister of the Thunder Dragon Palace thinks so too, so it’s only angry for a while before starting to personally educate it.”

“We tried to stop it. Teaching it how to mate across races won’t have a good outcome. Telling it that it’s still young and that it doesn’t know love at all. Moreover, the race rules don’t allow the mating of races.”

“The Turtle Prime Minister of the Lightning Dragon Palace originally thought that this would end and also thought that the child was insensible, but I didn’t expect that little turtle to be quite stubborn…”

“In the end, it mustered its courage and secretly took out a dragon ball from the birth gift Lord Wex Dragon King gave it. It ran to confess to the little princess of the Winter Water Snake Race.”

“And in the end?” Shi Yu ate the melon excitedly.

“In the end, the little princess of the Winter Water Snake Race rejected the little turtle very bluntly, making the little turtle lose its soul.”

Ice Dragon: “Tsk, tsk, tsk, standard outcome!”

The Turtle Prime Minister said, “It’s not over yet. The lost little turtle is completely listless. The Turtle Prime Minister of the Thunder Dragon Palace expected better from someone and threw it into the underwater prison to reflect. It said that it wanted it to be locked up for 100 years.”

“But actually, it definitely won’t be locked up for that long. I just hope it can wake up quickly.”