Chapter 1139 - 1139 Poor Sword Spirit

1139 Poor Sword Spirit

At the moment, Shi Yu vs Monkalov. The current situation was that Monkalov was at an absolute disadvantage!

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Moreover, because he assisted the Star God Leopard in attacking with all its might, he also suffered a backlash.

“This Shi Yu is simply abnormal. It’s better not to fight him.” When the titled legend of Xue Yuan saw this, he couldn’t help but think to himself and look at his president.

The other countries took advantage of the Mythical Revival to befriend divine beasts.

In the end, Shi Yu cultivated another one after half a year?

Moreover, in terms of strength, it was simply stronger than the pet strength he had displayed in the past.

Fight my ass.

This guy was abnormal.

Their Snowfield was relatively unlucky. Although they had successfully befriended a reincarnation divine beast, that divine beast’s growth level was only at the monarch level.

Its strength had yet to recover, so it couldn’t participate in a battle of this level at all.

Therefore, President Monkalov could only fight personally.

But who would have thought that the opening was disadvantageous, and it was the sharpness lost by a young Beast Tamer!

“Continue.” Monkalov calmed his breathing.

Apart from the final outcome, the aura during this Alliance Meeting was also very important.

As the leader of the Snowfield Nation, if he admitted defeat to a young man and couldn’t even defeat the other party’s pet, the morale of the Snowfield Nation would suffer a huge blow.

This wouldn’t do.

“Jiu!!!!!”

Everyone looked at the arena and saw that after President Monkalov recalled the Star God Leopard, he summoned a new pet!!

In the sky, a red summoning array appeared. A long, clear, and sharp cry with extremely strong penetration sounded.

Then, a huge vulture with a light blue body that spread its wings more than ten meters descended.

Its sharp eyes were like blue stars, looking down at the ground.

Star God Vulture!

It was impossible to admit defeat. However, Monkalov didn’t dare to send out his trump card.

His trump card was an ice-element Star Bear Race. It looked like he had indeed chosen to leave it to other countries.

However, this Star God Vulture was not weak either. It was not inferior to the Star God Leopard just now.

If Shi Yu’s Mechanical Illusion God had used more than half of its strength in that attack just now and didn’t change pets, this battle might not be easy.

“President Monkalov changed pets!!! He sent out his Star God Vulture!!”

“This pet is also quite powerful! It once defeated a totem with the support of President Monkalov!” The black cell phone shouted in introduction in shock.

However, his gaze kept stopping on Shi Yu and the mechanical divine dragon.

In the introduction, its tone suddenly froze as it looked at Shi Yu and the others.

“Roar!!!” The huge Lava Dragon suddenly turned to look at Shi Yu and its Beast Tamer.

Little Ji: I’m not playing anymore.

Shi Yu: “Oh?”

Shi Yu was rather surprised because Little Ji actually still had the strength to fight. If he gave this Star God Vulture another disaster, it should be able to insta-kill it.

But from the looks of it, Little Ji meant that it still wanted to appear more times.

Now that it had two quasi-divine skills in a row, it would definitely be crippled. Even with Baby Ginseng’s treatment, it couldn’t get up in the short term.

On the contrary, if he maintained this good state and received nourishment, he could still fight in a pretty good state.

Let Duckie do it!

Little Ji was very generous.

Shi Yu was even more surprised. After hearing Little Ji’s analysis, he actually realized that Little Ji had become smarter and knew that battles had to be controlled.

This wasn’t like its personality…

It clearly didn’t add any intelligence to it.

“Alright.” Shi Yu chose to listen to his pet’s suggestion and put away his little phone.

According to the rules, after a pet lost its ability to fight, both parties had a chance to change pets once.

Shi Yu also decisively chose to change.

Seeing Shi Yu retract his little phone, the black cell phone immediately said in surprise, “Legend Shi Yu chose to retract his pet!”

“He’s going to send out a new pet.”

“Looks like that move just now consumed a lot of this pet’s strength!”

It had to be said that Shi Yu’s action of retracting his pet had left President Monkalov with a lot of face.

If Little Ji defeated a pet and didn’t consume much stamina, and it could still pass through two opponents at once. It was simply pressing Xue Yuan’s face on the ground.

Shi Yu’s action of retracting his pet could instead make some people comfort themselves. Little Ji had already done its best just now.

“Change pets? Which one is it?” President Monkalov’s expression turned cold.

All eyes were focused on Shi Yu’s newly activated summoning array.

“I guess it’s the Green Dragon. The Green Dragon is the god of faith in the starry sky. Its cultivation level will definitely be above that old kid, Monkalov’s pet. It will definitely win steadily. Xue Yuan will lose face this time.” President Logan of Shen Feng was also watching happily.

“The other mechanical phantom beast is also possible. The Star God Vulture is better at flying than the Star God Leopard. The Earth Divine Dragon is not easy to deal with, but the Wind Kirin, the overlord of the sky, is more suitable!”

Everyone guessed. A new pet image had already condensed. It was also at this moment that the expressions of almost all the Beast Tamers who had experienced the world competition suddenly froze.

Even President Monkalov was stunned again.

Because a duck appeared on the huge summoning array.

A huge black duck five meters tall with dark blue patterns all over its body.

On its neck, the pure golden-blue water that was like cleansing water froze like a ribbon, becoming a scarf-like part that floated behind it in an extremely domineering manner.