Chapter 1136 - 1136 Too Cruel, Too Cruel (6)

1136 Too Cruel, Too Cruel (6)

Boom!!!

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

As its figure landed, the Star God Leopard was suppressed to the ground. Its body caved in and shattered the ground. A huge pit appeared in the ground. In the smoke, another light breath shot out of the dust mist, crushing the ground and continuing to attack Little Ji’s wound. In an instant, it also flipped Little Ji over and sent it flying again. With a rumbling sound, a scratch dozens of meters long was pulled out.

“Who has the advantage?!”

As the two overlords fought, the audience in front of the live broadcast swallowed their saliva and couldn’t tell the situation.

Only Beast Tamers above the legend level could tell that both parties were still warming up.

President Monkalov didn’t use his Beast Taming Talent, nor did Shi Yu use his Beast Taming Talent. It looked like no one wanted to exhaust themselves first.

Shi Yu stood calmly on the spot. President Monkalov’s white cloak fluttered, and his eyes were serious.

From the warm-up situation, the mechanical Tyrant Dragon was clearly at a disadvantage!

“President has the advantage!” The Beast Tamers in Snowfield were extremely happy.

Buzz!!!

A ball of light condensed in the sky. The Star God Leopard, which had been crushed into the ground by Little Ji, descended from the ball of light and appeared above the fallen Little Ji. Two long fangs of light condensed in its mouth and locked onto Little Ji’s throat.

Light lingered as it swooped down, but with a roar, hot red light flashed in Little Ji’s eyes and body on the ground. Lava that was like the light of red evolution flowed on its body and erupted!!

Countless magma balls and volcano bullets bloomed from its body, instantly forcing the Star God Leopard back and making it condense the Star God Claw. As it blasted away the magma eruption, it retreated and distanced itself from the source of the magma eruption.

“Magma? That’s not a simple mechanical Tyrant Dragon!!” Little Ji’s move immediately made people realize that it wasn’t as simple as a Tyrant Dragon.

“That mechanical phantom beast has two fossil illusions!!!” Countless Mechanics were extremely incredulous and widened their eyes.

A mechanical phantom beast could actually fuse two fossils!!

Now, this Tyrant Dragon had clearly changed its form!

Damn, apart from how to fuse the Mythical fossil, the mechanical phantom beast technology Dong Huang shared with them indeed had other aspects!!

Moreover…

The appearance of the dragon-shaped creature in front of them directly made many archeologists and presidents of associations widen their eyes.

“I said not to underestimate it.” Shi Yu was amused.

“This is… bad!”

Monkalov’s gaze was shocked. As the magma ball fell, the mechanical Tyrant Dragon that had been blasted away by the Star God Leopard also got up again. At this moment, there were no injuries at all. Or rather, its entire body had cracked.

It completely changed from a Tyrant Dragon to the appearance of another ferocious beast, making Monkalov’s expression change.

F*ck.

Everyone was shocked.

Wasn’t this…

Wasn’t this the phantom appearance of the Mythical creature, the Earth Divine Dragon, that Shi Yu had displayed at the World Archeological Conference!!

Damn, he even fused the phantom of the divine beast, the Earth Divine Dragon, on the foundation of the mechanical Tyrant Dragon??

No wonder Shi Yu contracted it!

Boom!!!

The dragon might that was filled with violent anger erupted again, making the retreating Star God Leopard’s entire body tense up, revealing an extremely serious expression. It felt that the dragon in front of it was no different from a totem level!

“Roar!!!” Little Ji roared and used gravity control. In an instant, under the shocked gaze of the Star God Leopard, the surrounding thousands of meters of domain was immediately covered by the gravity field.

A red arc of light flashed in Little Ji’s pupils.

A terrifying gravity suppressed everything around it with it as the center!!

The dust that spread was instantly suppressed by the overwhelming gravity field. The Star God Leopard, which had condensed the Wings of Light to dodge the magma eruption and retreat into the sky, also instantly sensed the aura that descended from the sky.

Bang!

A shattered rock was pressed into the arena again. The entire arena seemed to have been flattened. The violent blurry gravity field made everyone’s scalps tingle.

The Star God Leopard felt that the gravity strength displayed by the other party this time was several times the power displayed by the other party just now. It was extremely terrifying. In an instant, it lost the ability to resist and its entire body quickly fell!!

After switching to the overlord form of the land, Little Ji directly activated the transcendent Mythical Revival and immediately obtained a body, Spirit, Soul, Energy, and Life comparable to a Mythical Race. Mythical Revival was equivalent to a comprehensive attribute strengthening skill. In an instant, Little Ji, whose skill proficiency was inferior to the Star God Leopard, used this taught skill to crush the other party in terms of Stats!!

Boom!!!

The Star God Leopard descended like a meteor. Little Ji roared again. In the direction the other party fell, the ground shattered. An earth blade that pierced into the sky like a mountain peak rushed out of the ground and hit the falling Star God Leopard!!

Space Splitting Sword!!!

Little Ji cursed, “Fly!!!”

In an instant, the situation reversed again.

Everyone in the snowfield looked at the imminent danger of the Star God Leopard and immediately revealed incredulous expressions.

“Star Soul, Possession!” On the other side, President Monkalov, who was fighting Shi Yu, also had a serious expression. He knew that he couldn’t continue like this. He immediately activated his Beast Taming Talent with all his might before Shi Yu!