Chapter 1132 - 1132 Too Cruel, Too Cruel (2)

1132 Too Cruel, Too Cruel (2)

Apart from that, Dong Huang had also traded the mechanical phantom beast technology to the other six countries at a certain price. The mechanical phantom beast technology rose in the various countries. The name of Shi Yu, the father of the mechanical phantom beast, couldn’t be unfamiliar to most Beast Tamers of the seven countries.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

At this moment, more people understood why Dong Huang had sent Shi Yu to represent Dong Huang and not President Lin. This Shi Yu’s resume was really strong!

Before accepting the Blessing of the World Tree, he could kill totems and learn the information of the Mythical Era early. Now that more than half a year had passed, it was only natural for him to become stronger.

“Not only that…” There were also contestants who participated and watched the World Tournament. From the beginning to the end, they sneered. This Shi Yu was far more ridiculous than everyone imagined. After all, when he won the World Tournament, he wasn’t even a level-seven Beast Tamer.

Now that so much time had passed, who knew how strong Shi Yu, who had obtained a pile of divine inheritance, was?

However, some countries didn’t panic. Although Shi Yu was in the lead previously, fortunately, times had changed.

For example, Rongguang obtained super battle power.

Who would have thought that the angel contracted by the Holy Emperor was actually the reincarnation of a god? Moreover, he had made a deal with Rongguang and promised to help Rongguang participate in this Alliance Meeting?

Rongguang also showed the Angel God the recorded video of the World Tournament. The Angel God was very calm about the process and outcome of the battle.

Rongguang thought for a moment and became calm.

Shi Yu was indeed very strong, but he could win at that time because at that time, the laws had yet to revive for the first time. The gods who had been forcefully awakened by the World Tree were severely Enfeeble.

Now that the laws had revived for the first time, the gods who woke up at this time would be much stronger than before.

Under the revival of the laws, the gods recovered their former strength, while Shi Yu improved from scratch. It was obvious at a glance who the increase brought by the first revival of the laws was greater.

Moreover, Shi Yu being able to defeat Ancient God Golden Bull at that time was equivalent to a clueless one against one.

At that time, if there was also a Beast Tamer who could use his talent to strengthen Ancient God Golden Bull, the outcome of the battle might not be certain.

Now, although there was no Ancient God Golden Bull, there was a super expert who had been immersed in level-eight for dozens of years who could strengthen the angel god with all his might. It was still unknown who would win in the end.

Now, the only thing Rongguang was worried about was that Shi Yu had also reached level eight. If Shi Yu was still at level seven, even if his Beast Taming Talent was very ridiculous, the enhancement shouldn’t be too different from the level-eight Holy Emperor. After all, although the Holy Emperor didn’t have a divine-level talent, it was still a top-notch Beast Taming Talent.

This way, it might not be impossible to fight. Moreover, so be it if they lost. They might not necessarily have to fight for the head. Apart from Shen Feng, the other countries weren’t that enthusiastic about competing with Dong Huang… Most of them only wanted to lie flat and wait for the changes of the Mythical Era!

…

“In that case, the preview of the Alliance Conference battle is a battle between the various countries to fight for the right of the Alliance??”

“It should be!”

At this moment, the onlookers were even more looking forward to it. After announcing the relevant matters of the Mythical Era, the presidents of the associations of the various countries stood up and started to leave after greeting each other.

“Hello, everyone.”

“Hehe.”

After the presidents of the association left, spatial ripples flashed in the huge venue. A mechanical creature that looked like a cell phone appeared in the venue.

It was completely different from the serious style of the presidents of the seven countries just now.

“What’s this silly mechanical cell phone?” Its sudden appearance stunned many spectators watching the live broadcast.

The cell phone quickly introduced itself and said, “I’m a super artificial intelligence developed by the Seven Nation Alliance, Black Light.”

“Inside me, 99.99% of the information of the seven countries is recorded. My growth level is as high as a guardian. Be it my horizons or strength, I’m one of the best. I can be called an ultimate mechanical life form. Therefore, next, I’ll explain the battle between the representatives of the various countries to everyone.”

…

“Who’s this guy?” Somewhere in the venue, beside Shi Yu, who was dozing off on the railing, Ling flew out and looked at the black cell phone.

It actually dared to say that it was an ultimate mechanical life form. What a joke. It was the only ultimate mechanical life form!

“There are many strange things in the Alliance. Don’t worry about it,” Shi Yu said with a laugh.

At this moment, Beast Tamers were complaining about this cell phone everywhere. However, in a battle of this level, compared to human explanations, it indeed made the mechanical intelligence capture and explain more technical.

“Squeak, squeak, but I’m only in charge of explaining. Apart from me, there’s another person in charge of protecting the venue and acting as the judge. Next, I’ll leave the safety of this place to him.”

The black cell phone looked at the place where the presidents of the seven countries had left just now. A moment later, a young man in a black sleeveless t-shirt and purple pants with mechanical tactical goggles on his head slowly sat in the middle of the presidents of the seven countries just now.

Then, he crossed his legs and looked at the main venue.

The black cell phone: “It’s him, it’s him! The previous world legend, the legendary Beast Tamer, Mr. Wexy!!”

“This cell phone is so annoying,” Shi Yu said.

Now that he was the world legend, could he not randomly give this title to others?

As expected, one title was still not enough. He happened to come to Alliance Island. He would go and see if there were any more impressive and awesome titles later.