Chapter 1133 - 1133 Too Cruel, Too Cruel (3)

1133 Too Cruel, Too Cruel (3)

“Right, right?” Ling also agreed that this cell phone was very annoying.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

However, at this moment, the gazes of the world indeed focused on this young man named Wexy.

He couldn’t be more than 50 years old, but he had already reached the legendary level, so he looked very young. It was no longer a secret that the Shen Feng Nation had a new Legendary. Now that they finally saw him in person, the Beast Tamers of the various countries were stunned.

“Legendary Wexy, that legendary new Beast Tamer should be the youngest Legendary Beast Tamer at the moment.”

“Yeah, a Legendary under the age of 50, at the peak.”

“He’s actually the judge.”

“That’s true. After all, next is a spar between presidents of the various countries. Only Legendarys are qualified to be judges.”

The appearance of the Divine Wind Thunder Legendary was very shocking. This legendary Beast Tamer in his strongest state immediately made many experts of his generation recall some bad memories.

But his appearance was also reasonable.

The other Legendarys of the seven countries were already old people from the previous era. Because of the overload of the totem battle, their bodily functions had already begun to decrease.

For example, Dong Huang and the Shen Feng Mechanical Legendary, who had modified themselves into machines, had already stopped attacking when possible to avoid too much loss.

At this moment, only a new Legendary like Legendary Wexy could have sufficient energy to be the judge of the Alliance Meeting.

Although he was young, the capable were the first. Although the presidents of the various countries were more experienced, they were really one level inferior to legendary-level creatures. He was indeed qualified.

“Let’s begin,” Legendary Wexy said after sitting down.

The black cell phone also added, “I believe the Beast Tamers representing the various countries are already prepared. Then let’s begin. The rules this time are the 1v1 rules of the two pets. The points competition system. In other words, every Beast Tamer representing the various countries has to fight the representatives of the six countries one by one!”

The reason why the rules this time weren’t a full-strength battle, but a 1v1 battle between two pets was also because it represented the Beast Tamer in six battles. The consumption of all the members was too high.

“Next, I’ll draw lots…”

“Wuu, the first to draw the battle…”

The projection of the black cell phone’s lottery was projected in midair. Through the live broadcast, the audience could clearly see the name list on it.

In the first round, the president of the Beast Tamer Association of the Snowfield Nation, Star God Monkalov, vs a member of the Beast Tamer Association of Dong Huang, the world legend, Shi Yu.

As soon as this name list appeared, Dong Huang cursed.

He didn’t expect the first round to be so exciting.

Dong Huang, Xue Yuan, and Shen Feng. The overall national strength of the three countries was in the top three of the seven countries.

Shi Yu actually faced the president of Snowfield the moment he came up?

….

Star God Monkalov.

A rather legendary Beast Tamer was the record holder of the number of times the Seven Nation Alliance had ascended to the starry sky.

His pets were basically evolved and cultivated towards cosmic life forms. They were all very strong.

It had once ascended to the moon 64 years ago and fought and won against the unfamiliar totem on the moon. Its name shook Blue Planet.

He had personally cultivated many new racial pets such as the Star God Bear, the Star God Tiger, and the Star God Eagle.

Among them, some pets had even been cultivated to the totem level by Monkalov with the resources of the country and had totem battle power.

Unfortunately, he was limited by his Beast Taming level and couldn’t contract the totem he had personally cultivated.

Therefore, the most interesting thing about Star God Meng Kalov was that his contracted first team pets were basically invincible overlords, but some uncontracted second team pets that he personally cultivated had grown to the totem level.

It was impossible for such a figure to be unknown in the world. Star God Meng Kalov’s name had resounded on Blue Planet decades ago.

This was also the reason why most people had doubts when the news compared Shi Yu, a young man, to these older experts.

“Shi Yu…”

On the Snowfield Nation’s side, they were also very surprised to see Shi Yu drawn right from the start. The Star God Meng Kalov was slightly stunned. Shi Yu cultivating the Starry Sky Faith Divine Green Dragon had always been something that Xue Yuan cared about. He didn’t know if he could fight Shi Yu’s Green Dragon in this battle. If he could, he would ask for guidance.

“Coming, coming. The name list for the first battle is out. Let’s wait for the two legends to enter.”

“The representative of the Snowfield Nation is the fabled number one person below the Legendary level in Snowfield, President Star God Meng Kalov. He’s nearly a hundred years old now. He obtained the title of Star God 64 years ago and has a record of killing totems. He worked for Snowfield for half his life and is the soul of Snowfield!”

“The representative of Dong Huang rose with a shocking force. His strength is also enough to kill totems. Moreover, in Inatella, he passed many trials of gods and obtained the recognition of gods. He’s a super legend of the new generation, the strongest of the younger generation, Shi Yu!” the black cell phone said excitedly.

In terms of battle results, Shi Yu wasn’t weak either. Among them, Shi Yu had an even stronger battle result, which was that he had defeated an Enfeebled Divine Spirit. However, the black cell phone didn’t dare to talk nonsense. After all, Ancient God Golden Bull was only in an Enfeeble state. If it directly said that Shi Yu had defeated a Divine Spirit, wouldn’t that be disrespectful? Who knew if Ancient God Golden Bull remembered to bear a grudge? Therefore, everyone tacitly said that Shi Yu had passed the test of the Ancient Divine Spirit and obtained recognition, not defeat. After all, that wasn’t Ancient God Golden Bull’s full strength.