Chapter 1134 - 1134 Too Cruel, Too Cruel (4)

1134 Too Cruel, Too Cruel (4)

“Coming, coming.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“I’m already looking forward to it.”

“The super expert of the older generation vs the strongest of the younger generation!”

The audience of the various countries held their breaths and watched. Among them, the group of people from Dong Huang who knew Shi Yu hugged the television and stared intently. The audience who had seen Shi Yu’s shocking performance in the World Tournament also fell into deep thought.

They wondered how Shi Yu’s strength had improved after obtaining the Blessing of the World Tree. If he could defeat or equalize President Monkalov, it wouldn’t be too much to say that Shi Yu had the strength of the top ten in the world.

A moment later.

Shi Yu, who was wearing a black and red battle suit, and President Xue Yuan, who was wearing a white-gold presidential suit with fur decorations, appeared in the sky.

Shi Yu was a young man, while President Xue Yuan was a short old man with white hair and beard.

At this moment, blue Psychic power lingered around their bodies. They flew with Psychic power and didn’t seem to have pets beside them. The audience wasn’t curious about this move.

For powerful Beast Tamers, even if their pets were in the Beast Taming Space, their Skills would still affect the outside world. Most of the audience in front of the television thought that both parties were flying in mid-air with the power of their pets.

However, the experts present could sense that President Monkalov had indeed borrowed the power of his pet, but that Shi Yu was really using his Spirit Psychic power to fly in midair.

Both parties’ black hair and white hair fluttered in the wind. After Shi Yu and President Xue Yuan greeted each other slightly, they landed on the arena.

At the same time, the presidents of the other countries also returned to their seats and looked at the home ground with different feelings, including Legendary Wexy, who was the judge. He narrowed his eyes and observed Shi Yu and Monkalov, very concerned.

Be it the new generation of world legends or the current strength of Shen Feng’s old opponent, the president of Snowfield, he was very concerned. Perhaps he could spy on them through this battle.

“Thank you for the battle between the world legend and the legend of the Star God!!”

“Please send out your pets… Battle… Begin!” As both parties landed, the black cell phone looked at the home ground.

This was a huge stone square venue that looked to be only a few hundred meters in length and width. However, if one believed what they saw with their eyes, they would be wrong. This was a venue built of spatial materials, equivalent to a half-fused mystic realm space. Another space overlapped, and the area was actually quite large.

It was the highest-level battle arena in all aspects in the current Seven Nation Alliance. It was only provided to titled Beast Tamers to fight. The control core of the mystic realm was currently in the hands of Legendary Wexy.

“Charge, charge, charge, Shi Yu, blow up that old man!!”

“Blow him up.”

In Dong Huang’s Wu Ling City, some people led by the beast-eared girl were cheering crazily for Shi Yu. Beside them, Senior Panda also shouted excitedly.

“President Monkalov shouldn’t lose to a young man in his early twenties, right?”

“Although the other party has also defeated the totem guardian, including the Star God Bear guardian, President Monkalov has personally cultivated a bunch of guardians.”

On the Snowfield Nation’s side, the Beast Tamers were also analyzing.

At the scene, although Shi Yu and Monkalov had heard the command to start the battle, neither party immediately engaged in an intense battle with their swords. Instead, they calmly activated the summoning array.

At the same time, they praised each other.

“It’s rare to fight a young person. Dr. Shi Yu, you have to give in to my old bones a little. My current energy is much inferior to before,” President Monkalov said with a smile.

A huge red summoning star array appeared in front of him, and the figure of a huge beast was outlined!

Red summoning array, level-eight Beast Tamer!

He was only a step away from level-nine Legendary. For a level-eight Beast Tamer of this age, it was very difficult to break through to level-nine unless there were suitable divine-level resources. However, as the laws revived, the veteran level-eights of the various countries might have the possibility of stepping into the Legendary domain in the future.

“President Monkalov, you’re too polite,” Shi Yu said with a smile.

A black summoning array also appeared in front of Shi Yu with a bang!

A level-seven legend Beast Tamer!

Seeing that Shi Yu had already broken through to the Legend level unlike in the World Tournament, no one was surprised. After all, he had obtained the blessings of the World Tree. It was possible for him to break through to the Legendary level in a few years. At this moment, Shi Yu had yet to reach level eight, and many people were already relieved.

If Shi Yu reached level eight, it would be really difficult to resist. Titled legends like them, the strongest tier of the older generation, would be completely pulled apart by Shi Yu from various dimensions.

“Roar!!!!!”

“Roar!!!”

Under the praise of both parties, the figures of the pets of both parties completely appeared!!

A huge white leopard emperor six to seven meters long appeared in front of Monkalov. Its body was dotted with star-like spots that shone brightly. A terrifying aura bloomed, making the presidents of the various countries freeze.

“It’s President Monkalov’s Star God Leopard!!!” The black cell phone said, “It’s one of his signature pets, an invincible overlord. According to the records, 20 years ago, this Star God Leopard had two super racial Skills trained to the limit close to transcendent!! It has the ability to fight against totems alone!! It’s long been only a step away from the totem level!”