Chapter 1130 - 1130 Little Ji Duck'S Quasi Divine Skill (4)

1130 Little Ji Duck’s Quasi Divine Skill (4)

President Lin had already been the president of the Dong Huang Association for a hundred years. A hundred years ago, he had the battle record of hunting totems and obtaining a title. It could be said that he had grown up with Dong Huang and was even a descendant of Lin Feng’s Legendary. He had always been known to the outside world as the number one person below Dong Huang’s Legendary.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The other Beast Tamers who represented them were also the strongest legends of the various countries who had been famous for decades. Even Ming Hua’s Reincarnator, Ashaya, had lived a second life and was a reincarnation. In her previous life, she was already a very famous ancient legend in Ming Hua, so it was very difficult for everyone to not think too much about this list.

To put it bluntly, although Shi Yu was a genius, because he was too young, the World Tournament was also a competition of the younger generation, making many people have an inherent prejudice impression. Even if Shi Yu’s battle results were already very out of reach, they were still more willing to believe in the deeply rooted authority.

At that moment, no matter how stormy the outside world was, Shi Yu still buried his head in cultivation and began to crazily add points to Little Ji and Duckie.

He first revived Little Ji’s Mythical Revival and pointed it at the transcendent level.

When Shi Yu upgraded Little Ji’s Mythical Revival to perfect level, it completed a new round of transformation, the evolution of a god.

In the Legendary Ruins, under the vibration of the sound of laws, the entire ruin, the ground, and the ocean trembled violently.

If not for the fact that Shi Yu hurriedly protected Little Quas and the turtle, they would definitely have fainted from fright.

< Name > Catastrophe

[Stats]: Earth, Space

[Level]: Quasi God-level

< Introduction > With the help of the vibration law, it triggered the vibration of the natural and spatial power of the planet and swept up a world-destroying disaster.

After the Mythical Revival reached perfection, Little Ji successfully awakened a quasi-divine skill that contained the vibration law.

This skill was considered a high-level skill of a series of vibration-type skills such as Earthquake and Space Quake.

Even among the many divine skills, the destructive power was very terrifying. In terms of the large-scale destructive power caused, the Effect was even above the Immortal Slaying Sword Formation and the Yin Yang Millstone.

It was a large-scale skill at the country-destroying level, just like the Dragon Star Group.

As Shi Yu raised the Mythical Revival to transcendent, the proficiency of the Cataclysm also reached the proficient level. For the time being, it wasn’t that difficult to control Crowd Control. Little Ji’s strength had been strengthened by the epic level.

Although he had yet to upgrade other super Skills, he finally had the ability to compete with the first team.

Then, Shi Yu opened it and added points to Duckie. He mainly added points to its Abyss Liberation and Demon Subduing Pestle to nearly transcendent. At the same time, with the help of the Reincarnation Fruit, he completely stimulated the divine-level abyss power contained in the divine-level resource, the Abyss Seed.

Under the enhancement of the Abyss Liberation and the neutralization of the Demon Subduing Pestle, Duckie also successfully completed its divine evolution at the overlord level and awakened the quasi-divine skill from its previous life.

< Name > Heart of the Abyss

[Stats]: Dark, Water

[Level]: Quasi God-level

< Introduction > It contains the corrosion law and condenses all the power of the abyss into a heart and blood. By corroding one’s rationality, it accelerates the beating of the heart and the flow of blood to obtain a super strong eruption. In the state of the Abyss Heart, the attack has the corrosion Effect. It will increase the enemy’s consumption and damage.

Be it Little Ji or Duckie’s newly awakened quasi-divine skills, they were both the type that gave Shi Yu a headache.

The former’s destructive power was too great, and it was even harder to control than the Dragon Star Group. If not for the fact that he had relied on Mythical Revival to increase it to the proficient level, Shi Yu definitely wouldn’t have dared to let Little Ji use it randomly.

This guy had a history of hitting his own people with an earthquake.

As for Duckie’s skill, it was the same as Little Ji’s reverse scale. It was a powerful power exchanged by sacrificing its rationality. After sacrificing its rationality, it would activate several times its battle talent and strength. It was a very dangerous move.

If it weren’t for the fact that Shi Yu had maxed out the Demon Subduing Pestle and maxed out the Heart Sword, Purification, and other skills, Duckie definitely wouldn’t be able to control this skill at the overlord level.

A month was neither fast nor slow. Shi Yu felt that before he could do anything, time had slipped away in the blink of an eye. Even Little Ji and Duckie’s other super Skills had yet to be maxed out.

However, it was already very close. Shi Yu obtained bad benefits through their attribute feedback. Their strength also had top-notch totem battle power.

At this stage, Shi Yu decisively didn’t dare to let them fight randomly. It was fine if Duckie went berserk, but if Little Ji went berserk, Icefield City might not exist anymore…

…

The next day.

When it was time to meet President Lin, Shi Yu rode his beloved aerial battleship to the sky above Alliance Island.

“Shi Yu, are you here?”

In the blue sky, Shi Yu stood on the battleship and picked up President Lin’s call.

“We’re here. I’ll go down now?”

“Come on.” President Lin was silent and did as he pleased.

During this period of time, he had thought of taking a few days to call a few guardians to be Shi Yu’s sparring partner and help him prepare for the Alliance Meeting.

Unfortunately, it was rejected by Shi Yu.

It made President Lin feel that his good intentions had been treated as ill intentions.

This was because in Shi Yu’s words at that time, it was more suitable to let Divine Source Legendary be a sparring partner…

However, it was impossible for Divine Source Legendary to be the sparring partner. In order to have a longer lifespan, Divine Source Legendary modified itself into a mechanical life form. Every time it woke up and fought, it needed to consume a lot of energy. It could only use longer sleep to make up for the consumption. It was too extravagant to be a sparring partner.

Seeing that Shi Yu was confident, President Lin didn’t force it.

After all, Shi Yu’s answer to him was that he was invincible below the demigod level in 1VS1.

The Alliance Meeting was about to begin. At this moment, the gazes of the world focused on the Alliance Island. Shi Yu slowly landed here.

In a luxurious building in the Dong Huang area, Shi Yu, who was wearing a panda casual shirt, casually knocked on the door. After waiting for an answer, he entered and greeted the young man inside.

“President Lin, you don’t look old even if you work all day. Are there any more of the resources you eat? Give me two.”

President Lin: “?”

“You ate the Eternal Flower, why do you still need such resources?”

Shi Yu: “It’s not bad to give it away as a gift.”

“No.” President Lin’s face darkened.

“There’s really no more,” Shi Yu said. He would go to the parallel universe another day to intercept its resources… Forget it, it was immoral. However, he could bring the Undying Fruit of the Phoenix Mystic Realm. If it weren’t for the fact that the Phoenix Mystic Realm hadn’t been established by the Undying Dark Phoenix before the empress era in the Emperor Wu Era, he would have gone to the Seven Islands to fly no matter what. After all, it was a divine-level resource.

“That’s it.”

“Did you look at the information I sent you seriously?” President Lin asked.

“Although some of the pet information representing Beast Tamers from these countries is dozens or tens of years ago, it still has some reference value.”

“Apart from that, you have to be careful of the new pets they might contract, such as the Angel God of the Rongguang Pontiff… The other party must have already kept this information strictly confidential.”

“In addition, your information will definitely be a key research subject of the various countries. When the time comes, you have to be especially careful.”

“If you encounter a bitter battle and an accident happens, there’s no need to force a victory. Don’t hurt yourself because of this. This Alliance Conference is only fighting for mid to low-level rights. It’s important, but not that important. It’s definitely not as important as you.”

Shi Yu nodded, but he felt that his information had even less reference value. The version update was too fast. The second team already had a Mythical Race at the overlord level. Who could have expected this?

“Then I’ll start the second team and give them a surprise,” Shi Yu said with a smile.

President Lin: “??? Although I said it’s not important, you don’t have to take it seriously, right?”

How could the second team do this!

Shi Yu said, “It’s the original mechanical Tyrant Dragon and the Abyss Demon Duck. Their strength isn’t much different from the first team now. They’ve both evolved into Mythical Races and awakened quasi-divine skills. In addition, the mental resonance I learned from Lu Qingyi is rarely matched at the level of top-notch totem battle power. Moreover, there’s still the first team at the back. If they attack later, they can also fight the opponent more specifically to avoid being targeted by the opponent.”

“What did you say???”

President Lin was stunned again. F*ck, the second team was already at the Mythical Race overlord level? What had he been doing this month!

He looked at Shi Yu seriously and realized that Shi Yu didn’t seem to be kidding.

“Forget it, it’s good that we can win.” President Lin immediately fell silent. Damn it, when the various countries were still flirting with the divine beasts, Shi Yu actually even made the second team a Mythical Race. It was too much. This time, he wanted to watch the presidents of the associations of other countries get beaten up in the audience!