Chapter 1131 - 1131 Too Cruel, Too Cruel

1131 Too Cruel, Too Cruel

Alliance calendar, August 1, 180.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Location, Alliance Island, weather, clear sky.

Five-colored fireworks bloomed in the sky everywhere.

This Alliance Meeting was actually equivalent to a mobilization!

In order to establish the Blue Planet Alliance, they mobilized the world!

During the World Tournament, the countries already knew that the Mythical Era was about to return.

However, after that, the various countries didn’t inform the entire country immediately.

After all, there was no benefit in telling too early. It would only cause chaos. Every country still needed sufficient time to prepare.

Therefore, what they knew were secrets known by a small number of high-level Beast Tamers.

Ordinary Beast Tamers knew nothing about this.

But as the first law revived, changes occurred all over the world. The news that the Mythical Era was about to return couldn’t be hidden no matter what.

It could be said that this Alliance Conference was the stage for the various countries to officially announce the return of the Mythical Era.

For this meeting, the seven countries worked together. The Beast Tamers of the seven countries who originally didn’t have a deep connection could see the live broadcast of the Alliance Meeting on television, computers, and cell phones.

At this moment, in Dong Huang.

The major television stations were broadcasting the opening of the Alliance Meeting. The major live broadcast applications on the Internet also placed the Alliance Meeting’s live broadcast in the main recommendation slot.

Under the push of the policies of the various countries, various departments, universities, and major channels were broadcasting the venue of the Alliance Meeting live. It could be said to be the focus of the world.

There weren’t many people in the venue. They were basically Beast Tamers from various countries guarding Alliance Island.

Under the camera, the presidents of the seven countries sat down one by one, making the Beast Tamers of the various countries excited and curious.

Most Beast Tamers actually didn’t know much about the presidents of the Beast Tamer Associations of the various countries. Even they didn’t know much about their countries.

But it didn’t stop them from knowing that these seven people could be said to be Beast Tamers who stood at the peak below the Legendarys of the seven countries.

“Lin Xiao, president of the Beast Tamer Association of Dong Huang…”

“Auland…”

“Ashaya…”

Under the camera, the presidents of the various countries were introduced. Then, they began to speak one by one, announcing the complete return of the Mythical Era and the intention and goal of the seven countries to establish the Blue Planet Alliance!

“Nine months ago, in the Kingdom of Glory, at the World Archeological Conference, archeologist Shi Yu from Dong Huang used his archeological results to lift a corner of the world’s future.”

“The Mythical Era that was lost in history is about to revive in the near future. Now, there are already gods from the Mythical Era waking up all over the world… Even back in Inatella, there were gods who were awakened by the World Tree and participated in the trial of the World Tournament.”

“In this magnificent era that hasn’t happened in billions of years, we will be the first batch to enter! In the unknown era, there are endless opportunities and crises. Only by cooperating can we welcome better development!”

Beast Tamers who knew the inside story were alright, but those who didn’t, especially the Normal Beast Tamers, were stunned when they heard the official announcement.

The potato chips in his hand fell to the ground, and the soda in his hand squeezed out of the paper cup.

“Holy shit.” Everyone was stunned.

What did they hear… The Mythical Era? It was about to descend?

The era described in the movies, the divine beasts, gods, and mythical novels, was about to return?

“You’re kidding…”

“I can also witness history??”

“Really… I’m a little panicked. No matter what, long live peace.”

“The descent of the Mythical Era is definitely a good thing!”

At this moment, the world trembled.

The various forums of the various countries were farmed out immediately. Those who participated in the world competition finally heaved a sigh of relief. They could finally talk!

…

In Dong Huang, the bad girl Ai Yu, who had encountered the reincarnation of the Spider God, was also watching the live broadcast with the Spider God.

They had already been convinced to join the Dong Huang Association.

They naturally knew about the Mythical Revival long ago, but watching the live broadcast now was still a different pleasure.

The spider girl pointed at President Lin Xiao on the television and said, “The information on the return of the Mythical Era was actually developed by the previous human archeologist?”

“I thought it would be the World Tree or other gods who told humans.”

“Therefore, legend Shi Yu is indeed very strong. The presidents of the other countries personally participate in the battle, but Dong Huang sent him,” the bad girl, Ai Yu, said.

“That’s for sure.” The corners of the Spider God’s mouth twitched. That was a quasi-divine skill that contained the prototype of a top-notch law. Even if it was a god of the same level, it wasn’t easy to defeat that black and white bear.

Just watch. If the pets of the other presidents were only mortal spirits, they would definitely be killed by that black and white bear!

…

“The return information of the Mythical Era was actually developed by archeologists??” Most of the low-level Beast Tamers of the seven countries were very shocked.

Not long ago, the revival of laws and the sound of laws resounded throughout the world. Everyone realized that something had changed on Blue Planet. Everyone thought that the seven countries had hurriedly convened the Alliance Meeting because of the Mythical Revival deduced from this time.

He never expected that nine months ago, at some World Archeological Conference, archeologists would determine the exact time of the Mythical Revival.

Dong Huang, archeologist, Shi Yu. Everyone was familiar with this name.

It was said that this batch of world legends had killed two totem-level foreign races from the totem country in the World Tournament and ended the competition in the preliminaries! How could they be unfamiliar!