Chapter 1137 - 1137 Too Cruel, Too Cruel (7)

1137 Too Cruel, Too Cruel (7)

Star Soul Talent. He and his pet used the power of the stars in the starry sky to condense the power of the stars into a beast-shaped star soul. The talent that possessed his pet was even stronger than ordinary strengthening talents.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Roar!!!” As starlight enveloped President Monkalov’s surroundings, his eyes turned into the color of a vast star. The surrounding aura rose steadily, and starlight lingered around the Star God Leopard. Under the continuous entanglement of the starlight, it condensed into a silver leopard-shaped star soul that wrapped around the Star God Leopard like a starry coat.

Immediately, its energy value, which had already exceeded 100 million, almost doubled, erupting with an even more terrifying power. Its various qualities also received an all-round increase like Little Ji. At the same time, its affinity for the power of the stars was also strengthened.

“Roar!!” After the Star God Leopard obtained the possession of the Star Soul, it struggled free from the restraints of the gravity field with a boom and adjusted its position. At the same time, with the acceleration of its fall, it condensed the Star God Claw and smashed it at the Space Splitting Sword.

Boom!!!

Not only was the Space Splitting Sword shattered, but countless cracks also appeared on the ground from the aftermath. The entire gravity field shattered. Seeing this, the Beast Tamers of Snowfield heaved a sigh of relief again.

In the next moment, the Star God Leopard Emperor attacked again under Monkalov’s command. During the Beast Taming Strengthening stage, be it pets or Beast Tamers, there would be a certain burden.

At the level-eight stage, although the strengthening time of a Beast Tamer was no longer as short and weak as that of a low-level Beast Tamer, and it was not a problem to maintain it for a few hours with normal strengthening, Monkalov knew that he was already old. In addition, there was still a battle later. He was unwilling to consume too much energy here and only wanted to end the battle quickly.

“Damn it, go.” He watched as the Star God Leopard collided with Little Ji again. At this moment, the Star God Leopard seemed to have turned into a ball of light that kept hitting the huge mechanical dragon. No one could see the figure of the Star God Leopard clearly at all, and they could only hear the spatial collision sounds.

Under the other party’s fierce attack, Little Ji didn’t fall into a disadvantage. Its huge dragon claws and dragon tail swept up hot magma, wrapped in divine-level dragon might, and fought the other party fiercely. For a moment, neither side was evenly matched.

However, when this scene landed in the eyes of the presidents of the associations and the audience, it was extremely serious. They subconsciously swallowed their saliva because President Monkalov had even used his Beast Taming Talent. As for Shi Yu opposite them, he still had his arms wrapped around his chest with a calm expression. He had no intention of interfering in the battle of pets!!

That mechanical phantom beast was fighting the Star God Leopard and a level-eight Beast Tamer alone!

“Who said that it’s impossible for the younger generation to defeat the older generation? Come out and get beaten up!” Countless spectators were shocked to have one’s jaw drop and to be slack-jawed. They couldn’t believe their eyes. After all, the other party was the strongest titled legend in the Snowfield Nation. The other party had already used all his strength and used his Beast Taming Talent, but Shi Yu’s mechanical dragon was still more than enough to parry!

Large beads of sweat had already flowed down Monkalov’s head.

It couldn’t be helped. Although the transcendent Mythical Revival was a teaching Skill, once this skill was activated, Little Ji was basically no different from a pseudo totem.

However, the opponent wasn’t weak either. After all, with the combination of the two, it was really difficult to determine the winner for a moment.

Just as everyone looked at the anxious battle with burning gazes, new changes occurred.

Boom!!!

After the attack, an even greater heat spread from the overlord of this land. Sensing the threat, even during the strengthening period, the Star God Leopard stopped its fierce attack and stopped in midair, looking at the enemy cautiously.

Sensing that his opponent’s battle was getting braver, President Monkalov’s expression froze.

“The battle is so intense…” The black cell phone finally spoke with lingering fears.

“The collision between the two parties has been even for too long. The confrontation has temporarily stopped. Looks like there are new changes…”

As soon as it finished speaking, blue veins had already appeared at the edge of the Eye of the Stars.

“The most powerful is the Star Soul Fusion, Star Splitting Claw.” President Monkalov gave the order. The Star Soul wrapped around the Star God Leopard directly fused into its body, causing its muscles to increase exponentially, and its strength to increase again, entering a higher load state!

“Roar!!!”

In midair, the leopard emperor’s body had reached more than ten meters long. Its body was even stronger, and its sharp claws were filled with a shocking light, as if it could tear apart stars. An even more terrifying aura appeared on its body.

Seeing this, the black cell phone immediately pulled up the data and shouted excitedly, “It’s the final profundity of President Monkalov’s Star Soul Talent, Star Soul Fusion!!! It’s said that after the Star Soul Fusion, the pet’s next attack can unearth all the pet’s potential, gather all its strength, and release the strongest profundity. However, after the attack, it will also lose its ability to fight!!”

“Looks like President Monkalov doesn’t plan to let the Star God Leopard fight the opponent anymore. He chose to bet everything!!!”

The final profundity of the astral soul fusion!

President Monkalov was also very helpless at this moment. The rational thing to do was not to fight a freak like Shi Yu head-on. After all, Shi Yu had not even displayed his divine-level Beast Taming Talent. Leaving it to his physical strength to deal with other countries was the right thing to do.

However, President Monkalov was also a stubborn person. He didn’t want to admit defeat directly in front of a junior.

It was just stamina, so it should still be enough. This time, he didn’t plan to let this set of old bones go back comfortably in the first place. He just had to sacrifice the Star God Leopard, but it didn’t matter much. His other seven pets were also at the level of the Star God Leopard, enough to support the next battle.