Chapter 1138 - 1138 Too Cruel, Too Cruel (8)

1138 Too Cruel, Too Cruel (8)

He wanted to use all his strength to see where Shi Yu’s limit was.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Of course, President Monkalov knew that Shi Yu definitely had a trump card, his divine-level Beast Taming Talent. However, the consumption of a divine-level talent that exceeded a top-notch Beast Taming Talent was definitely several times, more than ten times, dozens of times higher than a top-notch talent like his!

The stronger the talent, the greater the consumption.

Shi Yu might not necessarily be willing to use it too early. After all, there were more opponents next. There were also opponents of Mythical Races. That should be the target Shi Yu should deal with with all his might, so he was taking a gamble.

President Monkalov’s current goal was to at least defeat this mechanical Illusion God.

It had to be said that President Monkalov made the right bet.

Shi Yu was indeed unwilling to use his mind domain at this time. Even if it was telepathy, he was unwilling to use it too early. He felt that it was a waste of energy.

However, President Monkalov made the right bet, but not completely. Apart from the enhancement of the Beast Taming Talent, Shi Yu and the others… had another trump card!

“The final profundity? It’s useless.” Shi Yu looked at his opponent.

The next moment, what Monkalov was most worried about happened.

Boom!!!

The Star God Leopard was like a flash of light, a huge dragon that shot from the sky to the ground. Countless spectators had their hearts in their throats as they watched this attack, wanting to see what kind of damage President Xue Yuan’s final profundity could cause to the opponent.

Could it change the situation in one hit?

But suddenly, the expressions of the Star God Leopard and President Monkalov changed.

Legendary Wexy, the presidents of many associations, and the audience’s expressions changed drastically.

As the enemy attacked, Little Ji looked up.

The surroundings rumbled and trembled. Accompanied by the vibration, the sound of laws resounded through the venue.

President Monkalov’s pupils constricted.

“Earth, space, the vibration of the sound of laws. As expected, not only did you fuse with the Earth Divine Dragon fossil, but you also successfully awakened its law divine skill!”

“Another Mythical Race.”

Their hearts were miserable, and their faces were pale.

What he was most worried about happened.

It understood that there was completely no room for a comeback.

Quasi-divine skill, Cataclysm!

Amidst the trembling sounds around, the ground under Little Ji’s feet quickly cracked and spread like the speed of light. In an instant, there was no intact place in a radius of hundreds of meters.

Little Ji raised its head and roared!!!

“Roar!!!”

In an instant, shocking magma flames spread from the cracks in the ground. As the ground trembled, they swept up like a tsunami, devouring the ground and sweeping with layers of power. In an instant, they spewed out like a volcano eruption!

Boom!!!

The entire arena was like a volcano. With Little Ji as the core, the ground was instantly filled with a magma sea of fire. The magma pillar of fire that was more than a hundred meters in diameter swept up the power of the shock wave and shot into the sky. It immediately Devoured the incoming light. The other party’s attack didn’t cause any ripples before it was obliterated in the endless earth and magma vibrations.

Bang!!!

The entire Alliance Island rumbled, scaring Legendary Wex Yi. However, he immediately realized that Shi Yu and the others had controlled their strength very well and didn’t affect the outside of the arena much.

“This is… a quasi-divine skill? Another mechanical Illusion God? How is this possible?” His expression was shocked.

They, Shen Feng, had studied the fusion of the Mythical fossil in detail. Even Legendary Z asserted that Shi Yu could successfully create a mechanical Illusion God purely because the Kirin Race was relatively special and had the enhancement of luck to pass down the divine skill.

However, the scene in front of him directly shattered Legendary Z’s judgment.

Shi Yu, this monster, had cultivated and created another divine pet!!!

Countless people revealed incredulous expressions.

“World Destroyer, Earth Divine Dragon!” The angel god sensed the change in the laws and also appeared beside the Rongguang Light Pope with a slightly shocked expression.

“It’s not the main body, but it’s indeed its power.”

“Is the Earth Divine Dragon very strong?” the Holy Emperor asked.

The angel god nodded and said, “It’s a god who left Blue Planet behind. It’s an existence in the first tier. Its power was actually inherited.”

Lava erupted from the ground for more than ten seconds. During the entire process, the figures of the Star God Leopard and Little Ji were Devoured without any sound.

When little bit of magma fell again, turning the entire venue into a magma venue, everyone finally discovered the figures of the two pets.

The mechanical phantom beast was still bathing in the magma and standing on the arena unscathed. However, there was no longer a trace of intactness on the body of the Star God Leopard. It lay in the magma on the verge of death and completely lost consciousness.

The so-called final profundity was instantly killed by the other party’s stronger ultimate move before it could even approach the opponent!!

In the first round, the winner was decided.

At this moment, most of the audience looked at the live broadcast in confusion. They didn’t understand.

“Damn, what’s this?!!!”

Looking at the arena that had turned into a sea of lava, countless people were stunned. Didn’t they agree on the final profundity? Why was it insta-killed by the opponent in the blink of an eye?!

What Skill was that!

They didn’t understand, but they could understand the ferocity of this move.

The divine skill scene that spewed out just now was still in everyone’s eyes, making them open their mouths wide. Even the black cell phone couldn’t say anything at this moment.

It was slightly shocked. Now that it looked back, it was clearly a one-sided battle. If Shi Yu’s pet had used this move from the start, the battle would probably have ended not long after it started!!

“You guys…”

“Pfft.” Because of consumption and Retaliation, as the Star God Leopard fell, President Monkalov directly spat out a mouthful of blood. His face was even paler as he covered his chest.

They were completely stunned by the strength of Shi Yu and the mechanical Earth Divine Dragon.

He could sense that the surging energy contained in this move had even exceeded the meteorite summoned by Shi Yu in the World Tournament! It was incomparably terrifying. In fact, this was even if the other party held back. If it erupted with all its might, it might be comparable to the mysterious millstone.

President Monkalov was directly dizzy.

The Beast Tamers of the Snowfield Nation were stunned when they saw their president’s miserable state through the live broadcast. They couldn’t accept that their president, who had been famous for decades, had been defeated by a young man.

The Beast Tamers of the various countries couldn’t believe that the president of the Snowfield Nation had actually lost a round in a crushing defeat.

Moreover, from the aura of that dragon, it seemed to still have energy? It still had energy after using such a strong skill?

How strong was Shi Yu?

“Dr. Shi Yu is impressive, awesome!!! He actually crushed the pet of the president of the Snowfield Nation Association!!!” The Beast Tamers of Dong Huang who were watching the live broadcast had excited expressions. No wonder, no wonder Dong Huang sent Shi Yu to fight!!

As expected, what did they know? Dr. Shi Yu was forever a god. Was this the strength of a mechanical phantom beast?? Was this the value of the strongest world legend?

They were definitely going to take the Mechanic class of Ancient Capital University!!

“Don’t worry, it’s fine. President Monkalov, do you want to continue?” Shi Yu said.

Fortunately, Little Ji had already finished warming up and was already familiar with the power of laws here. Otherwise, it would really be difficult to control this skill. It would be very dangerous to use it immediately. The opponent wouldn’t even be left with ashes. Now, it was alright, alright. Little Ji could already control the power of the Crowd Control… It was all thanks to the proficiency of the Cataclysm that it had reached the proficient level because of the Mythical Revival.

It could still do it again!

President Monkalov’s face darkened.

“Damn, another Mythical Race. This monster!!!” At this moment, the expressions of the presidents of the associations became even uglier.

Moreover, it was the phantom beast Earth Divine Dragon known for its destructive power!!

Now, they finally understood why Shi Yu still contracted this one even though he already had a mechanical phantom beast.

It was very normal for Shi Yu to contract a new pet. In the speculation of the various countries, even what Shi Yu would contract with in the seventh contract slot had been speculated a few times.

The countries estimated that Shi Yu was most likely to give this contract slot to the Abyss Demon Duck that had obtained the divine-level resource, the Abyss Seed, and the reincarnation of the Abyss Evil God. It was also possible to contract the cub of the Mythical Demon Race he had obtained from Lord Lie Shan!

However, in the end, it was a mechanical phantom beast! What did this mean? It meant that the potential of this mechanical phantom beast exceeded those in Shi Yu’s eyes, even exceeding that Wind Kirin phantom beast.

In fact, in their eyes, the performance of this mechanical Earth Divine Dragon was even more terrifying. It could actually control divine skills with ease!!

Just one move. Regardless of its functionality, its battle power might have already exceeded that sword spirit and the Blue Sea Sprite. Its battle potential had probably already approached or even exceeded Shi Yu’s top six pets!! This Shi Yu was even more troublesome… He had to quickly analyze the strategy to resist this mechanical Earth Divine Dragon!