Chapter 1135 - 1135 Too Cruel, Too Cruel (5)

1135 Too Cruel, Too Cruel (5)

“Holy shit.” As the black cell phone finished speaking, many Beast Tamers cursed.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Was this the pet of a titled legend in the strongest tier?

If a super Race Skill reached transcendent, it would be at the totem level. If two super Race Skills reached transcendent, it would be top-notch totem battle power. If this Star God Leopard wasn’t restricted by President Monkalov’s level, it would probably have long reached the totem level.

At the moment, the energy level of this Star God Leopard that appeared in front of Shi Yu had also broken through the hundred million level and reached the standard of “???”.

It could be said that with the strengthening ability of the other party as a level-eight Beast Tamer, it was indeed powerful. After all, even if it was the most ordinary strengthening talent, as long as the Beast Tamer reached level-eight, it could increase the pet’s energy level by hundreds of millions. Moreover, Monkalov was an old expert who had stayed in the level-eight domain for many years. His talent development would definitely be stronger.

“It’s indeed very strong. Even without quasi-divine skills, Little Ji Duckie and the others will feel pressure.”

Even Shi Yu, who was his opponent, had to admit that the strongest titled legends in the various countries were much stronger than the strongest titled legends in ancient times.

For example, this President Monkalov should be much stronger than the Iron-eating Beast General at the founding stage.

This was normal.

After all, these modern titled experts had relied on the power of a country to develop steadily for nearly a hundred years under the protection of forbidden Arms and Legendary experts. They were on a completely different level from the resources enjoyed by ancient Beast Tamers.

“Roar!!!” The might of the Panther Emperor enveloped the world, and a roar that contained majestic and wild will shook space.

“Roar!!!” Similarly, the pet Shi Yu sent out also displayed a ferocious dragon might. The aura of the two parties collided, instantly making the ground and sky tremble. On Shi Yu’s side, it was a ferocious pet ten meters tall with dry brown skin and the appearance of a Tyrant Dragon. It drooled and stared at its opponent with red eyes!!

It was the land overlord Little Ji, who relied on its form to switch to the Tyrant Dragon form to reduce consumption!

For a moment, both parties relied on their auras to bombard the arena.

“Overlord-level Tyrant Dragon!!!” Shi Yu’s pet surprised everyone!

“Is it a mechanical phantom beast?”

Especially Monkalov himself, who was very shocked.

After all, all Shi Yu’s contracted pets had been displayed in the World Tournament previously. Every one of them was very strong!

Those six should be Shi Yu’s absolute main force.

Although now that Shi Yu had reached level seven, there was indeed a new contract slot and he could already contract a new pet, the cultivation strength of the new pet was actually very difficult to surpass the old pet in the short term.

Half a year was too short.

However, Shi Yu still sent a new pet. This move was completely unexpected.

In this era, it was impossible for there to be a living Tyrant Dragon. Then, this Tyrant Dragon was definitely a mechanical phantom beast.

Now that the various countries had obtained the mechanical phantom beast technology, the first goal of research was the ancient earth overlord, the Tyrant Dragon. They were naturally not unfamiliar with the mechanical Tyrant Dragon…

However, they still didn’t expect Shi Yu to contract another mechanical phantom beast when he had already contracted one!

“It’s actually a new pet, and a mechanical phantom beast!” Most Beast Tamers who had experienced the world competition were very stunned.

“Not the Green Dragon, not the Iron-eating Beast. Young man, are you looking down on me?” President Monkalov said.

In the Alliance Meeting, everyone had to experience several battles. They definitely had to leave most of the stamina of the trump card to the most important opponent. In Monkalov’s opinion, Shi Yu sending a new pet to fight him was looking down on him!

“President Monkalov, please don’t underestimate it,” Shi Yu said.

“It’s really surprising. Legend Shi Yu sent out a Tyrant Dragon, an extinct earth overlord. This should be a mechanical phantom beast!!” As the black cell phone deduced, the two pets had already fought!

The white leopard emperor stepped heavily with all four feet. Its figure was like the speed of light, difficult to capture with the naked eye. Its explosive power was extremely strong, and the ground trembled under its sprint. Little Ji’s speed was crushed by the other party. Only when the other party was extremely close did Little Ji roar and activate Earthquake!!

The ground rumbled and emitted vibrations, but the Star God Leopard’s battle skills were extremely high. In the face of the shaking ground that emitted terrifying vibrations, the light seal under its feet formed, and it easily maintained the stability of its speed. It instantly arrived in front of Little Ji.

Its starry eyes stared at Little Ji.

The Star God Claw tore out, and dazzling light erupted. A shocking wave erupted, directly tearing apart Little Ji’s body, leaving a shocking wound mark on its abdomen. A brown light that was like blood spread from the wound.

Little Ji’s pile of skills was all at the initial stage of the Perfect Level and had yet to be added. Under normal circumstances, it was very difficult to deal with the Star God Leopard. If Shi Yu wasn’t wrong, this Star God Leopard should have at least three super racial skills that had reached the stage above (Perfect+45).

However, there was one thing. Little Ji wouldn’t lose to this guy, which was its physical fitness.

It was a professional at getting beaten up.

“Roar!!! (You actually dare to hurt the overlord of the earth?!!)”

Little Ji, who had widened its red eyes and resisted its opponent’s attack, activated its furious reverse scale as the light in its abdomen exploded. Its anger erupted, and its dragon tail turned into a sword. Since its speed couldn’t compare to its opponent, it used the form of an injury exchange battle. The super heavy sword swept down with gravity and instantly crushed the panther emperor that tore its chest to the ground!!