Chapter 1146 - Chapter 1146 Don'T Think About Leaving Since You'Re Here (1)

Chapter 1146 Don’t Think About Leaving Since You’re Here (1)

Knowing that a crisis was coming, Shi Yu’s thoughts were instantly not on the Alliance Meeting.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Next, Qi secretly searched for the enemy’s location. Shi Yu was also paying attention to the changes in his surroundings.

Shen Feng vs Ming Hua. The representatives of both parties decided the winner without summoning the reincarnation god. Therefore, in Shi Yu’s eyes, it was a standard battle.

After the battle with Emperor Wu, his horizons had indeed increased. Although these people were titled legends of the strongest tier, pets were only at the overlord level in the end.

Moreover, it wasn’t a Mythical Race at the overlord level. It was in a completely different dimension from Eleven, Chi Tong, and the others.

Boom!!!

On the mystic realm arena, under the witness of countless spectators, Reincarnator Ashaya’s Netherworld Worm was suppressed by President Logan’s Killer Bee mecha. It was blasted a thousand meters away by the Laser Cannon, and its worm body shattered.

“Cough.” Ashaya took a step back and her expression turned ugly.

“Sorry.” President Logan’s calm voice came from inside the mecha.

“As expected of the Mechanical God of War,” Ashaya said through gritted teeth.

After the battle between the two parties ended, Shen Feng’s side was overjoyed, while Ming Hua’s side sighed continuously.

“Reincarnator… Reincarnator, President Ashaya of Ming Hua is indeed special. I wonder if an ancient Legendary will revive like her in the future,” Legendary Lightning Yi said in his heart as the black cell phone made a racket outside the venue.

He was not surprised that President Logan could defeat the other party.

In his opinion, only the representatives of Dong Huang, Rongguang, and Tingxiang could pose a threat to President Logan!

Dong Huang had a monster like Shi Yu, while Rongguang and Tingxiang were relatively lucky…

According to his information, these two countries had obtained the friendship and help of the reincarnation god!

“Thank you, President Logan and President Ashaya, for the peak battle you brought us.”

“Sigh, I feel that I haven’t seen enough at all, but next, there’s going to be a new battle!” the black cell phone said.

Everyone started to look at the black cell phone again, waiting for it to draw the third round of battle.

At the moment, Dong Huang vs Xue Yuan, Shen Feng vs Ming Hua, Tingxiang, Rongguang, and the Seven Islands had never fought!

Although the rule this time was that every country would encounter the other six countries, which countries would collide first was still the focus of the audience.

“Could it be us?”

On Rongguang’s side, an old man in a white suit spoke. He was the president of the Rongguang Beast Tamer Association. Beside him, an old man in a papal suit and an extremely handsome angel god watched everything calmly.

“No matter who we encounter, Lord Angel will lead us to victory.” The Light Pope had already become the divine envoy of the Angel God and become a loyal lackey, henchman, and lapdog.

The old man in the white suit sighed in his heart. Sigh, with the revival of the Mythical stage, Rongguang would probably reverse history again and become a religious faction that was greater than everything.

“Mother, leave it to us.”

On Tingxiang’s side, the white-haired President Auland stared at the arena intently. Beside her, a green curly-haired female giant more than four meters tall who looked relatively young spoke.

Beast Tamer with a giant hybrid, Titled Legend Roland of Tingxiang!

Because she was a hybrid of a giant and had a longer lifespan, she looked relatively young, but her real age was not young.

Apart from that, she had another identity, the daughter of the president of the Tingxiang Association.

President Auland was relatively old among the presidents of the seven countries. Her condition was no longer at its peak. To everyone, it was not strange for her to be represented by her daughter, whose strength had exceeded her master.

“Please, it’s not easy for our Rongguang to obtain the right to speak this time… We definitely can’t disappoint Her Majesty.” President Auland looked at her daughter and even at a certain god in her contract space.

The Frost Giant God that awakened its memories in Tingxiang, the embodiment of ice, happened to be one of her daughter’s contracted giants!

The Tether established by both parties made the memories of the Giant God awaken. It was also willing to help Tingxiang and cooperate with Tingxiang to welcome the Mythical Era together.

“Leave it to me.” The Frost Giant God’s voice was cold.

That Logan, that Ashaya, and that Monkalov’s pet wouldn’t be its match.

Even if it was the mechanical dragon that inherited the power of the Earth Divine Dragon and the duck that inherited the Xuan Ming inheritance, it wasn’t afraid. Although these two had also mastered quasi-divine skills, their foundation was too poor.

He just didn’t know how the foundation of Shi Yu’s other pets had improved. If the foundation wasn’t good, he couldn’t unleash all his strength even if he had high-quality divine skills.

The so-called foundation… was the proficiency of low-level, intermediate-level, high-level, and super Skills. These things could lead to the increase of all attributes…

“I’m afraid it’s time to be reprimanded by Lord Martial God again.” The president of the Seven Islands was a very strong, white-haired, white-bearded old man with a wide chest and yellow-brown skin covered in explosive muscles.

He was wearing a sleeveless black shirt and black formal pants. He still looked old and strong, but at this moment, his expression was not good. Be it Tingxiang or Rongguang… he was not confident.

Rongguang, one of the upper four countries, was already strong. Moreover, there was also information that the other party had obtained the help of the Angel God, and the originally weakest country, Tingxiang, was actually equally lucky.

This made the Seven Islands, who had yet to find the support of a suitable Mythical Race at the overlord level, very awkward.

At this moment, everyone was waiting for the results of the black cell phone draw… Finally…

“The results are out! Let me see…” The black cell phone projected onto the huge phantom in the air and directly randomized two names.