Chapter 1148 - 1148 Don'T Think About Leaving Since You'Re Here (3)

1148 Don’t Think About Leaving Since You’re Here (3)

He could easily solve it himself.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Compared to being attacked passively, he still liked to take the initiative to attack.

Under everyone’s gaze, Shi Yu floated in the sky with his blue Psychic power again and flew to the arena.

At the same time, the Son of Light, Ralph, who was wearing a golden and white papal suit, also descended on the mystic realm arena in the holy light with Blink light.

In the holy light in front of him, the angel god also descended. At this moment, under the holy light, this angel god spread two pairs of incomparably dazzling wings of light, looking peerlessly handsome.

[Holy shit, angel, is that an angel?!]

[Rongguang really has an angel.]

[It’s very normal for the Light Pope to contract an angel, alright!]

[I heard that the battle power of angels even exceeds pure-blooded dragons. I wonder if it’s true!]

At this moment, as Shi Yu and Ralph appeared, especially when the contracted partner beside Ralph followed beside them, it instantly stunned many ordinary Beast Tamers who were watching the live broadcast.

“He actually appeared directly?” Many presidents present originally thought that the Angel God wouldn’t attack easily and would let Ralph’s other pets go first. Who knew that this god would take the initiative to go on stage?

“My name is Frostus.” After the angel god saw Shi Yu, he introduced himself and said, “Your potential is indeed not bad among humans. No wonder the World Tree chose you.”

“As a god who has existed since the Mythical Era, I also want to personally verify your potential like Ancient God Golden Bull and the others.”

“I look forward to fighting you.”

“Yes, legend Shi Yu, Lord Frostus and I will fight you with all our might,” the Son of Light, Ralph, said.

“Ah, ah, ah, ah.” At this moment, the black cell phone looked at the angel god, Frostus, in shock and said, “You, are you a reincarnated god!!”

Frostus didn’t say anything, but the Son of Light, Ralph, nodded and said, “Lord Frostus is a divine-level Warrior of the Angel Race in the Mythical Era. After experiencing the calamity of the Mythical Era and constantly reincarnating, I was lucky to be chosen by Lord Frostus.”

“Both of us have concluded a divine contract, so we can fight at the same time.”

The black cell phone was shocked. “An angel god?”

In Rongguang, countless basic believers of the Divine Church of Light were shocked. Their pope actually contracted an angel god from the Mythical Era?!

Although they trusted the pope very much, the power Shi Yu had displayed just now was too terrifying. They couldn’t help but be a little worried.

But now, when they learned that their pope had actually contracted a god with the god believed in by the Church and could fight side by side, they instantly felt stunned. Was this the so-called Mythical Revival!

Perhaps he could win.

“Alright.” In the face of the invitation of the Rongguang Pope and the Angel God, Shi Yu agreed immediately.

However, at this moment, he said right on the heels of that, “However, can you give me a minute?”

Shi Yu looked at the sky.

“What?” Shi Yu’s words completely confused Ralph and the angel god.

It also surprised the presidents of the various associations and Legendary Wex Yi, who was sitting high up.

What did it mean?

Give him a minute?

What was Shi Yu doing?

The audience in front of the live broadcast was also stunned. Could it be that Shi Yu had yet to rest and was still a minute away? It was just like the cooldown time of the game Skill!

But clearly, they were overthinking.

Although Shi Yu, who was looking at the sky, said to give him a minute to fight, he still summoned his pet!

Boom!!!

A black summoning array surrounded by orange flames appeared beside Shi Yu.

Shi Yu stretched out his hand and directly reached for the summoning array. Then, he slowly pulled it out in the air. A shocking heat wave spewed out, and a red divine sword was slowly pulled out of the Beast Taming Space and appeared in Shi Yu’s hand.

This scene stunned most people.

Wait a minute?

This, wasn’t this that sword spirit?

Dong Huang immediately exploded.

[Holy shit, who said Shi Yu canceled the contract with the sword spirit? Who is it? Step forward. I promise I won’t kill you. What’s with the random tempo? It clearly wasn’t canceled!]

[No, the one who was sacrificed to contract the new Mechanical Illusion God and the Abyss demigod reincarnation isn’t that sword spirit?? Could it be another Mechanical Illusion God?]

[Impossible, so annoying. I can’t guess…]

It could be said that just now, everyone was still certain that Shi Yu had most likely replaced the sword spirit, but at this moment, they were stunned.

It didn’t make sense. This sword spirit was the reincarnation of a hybrid bloodline of a titled legend. Although it was very strong, it couldn’t even be considered a demigod reincarnation. How could it not be the one replaced?

“What do you want to do!!!” The people watching the live broadcast couldn’t sense anything, but Ralph, who was very close to Shi Yu, and even the Angel God sensed the terrifying power contained in the sword spirit.

Outside the arena, countless gazes focused on Shi Yu.

In the alternate space, the Yun clan assassin, who saw Shi Yu looking at the sky slightly, suddenly felt his heart skip a beat. Even Yun An had a bad feeling.

In the next moment, Shi Yu’s voice sounded. At the same time, he entered a possession state.

The fiery red flames lingering on its body dyed its black hair and eyes red. When it turned into red hair and red eyes, its voice also fell, cold and emotionless.

“It’s nothing. It’s just that an extraterrestrial totem has invaded the Alliance Island and is plotting something. In order to avoid them disturbing the competition, it’s better to deal with them first.”

As Shi Yu finished speaking, everyone was in an uproar. The black cell phone paused and instantly looked at the empty sky. In front of the live broadcast, countless spectators were instantly at a loss.