Chapter 1140 - 1140 Poor Sword Spirit (2)

1140 Poor Sword Spirit (2)

As soon as it appeared, it looked at the ground and cursed. Seeing that the entire venue was filled with magma, Duckie immediately exploded in anger!

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

F*cking land overlord.

It knew that nothing good would happen if Little Ji replaced it.

Duckie immediately jumped up from the heat and roared at the sky. It was very angry.

“Quack!!!!!!”

The sky was instantly pitch-black, and black water droplets fell from the sky.

Dark Sky Wave Rain!!!

A terrifying Demon God aura lingered between the sky and the ground. A dark red light flashed past the duck’s eyes. It looked at the Star God Vulture unkindly… planning to vent the anger it had suffered at home on outsiders.

“Huh??” Shi Yu summoned a new pet, the Abyss Demon Duck. It could be said that the number of people who could guess it at the scene was almost zero.

How was this possible?!

Shi Yu’s first six pets, Iron-eating Beast, Green Dragon, Baby Ginseng, Sword Spirit, Blue Sea Sprite, Wind Kirin…

The seventh was the Mechanical Illusion Divine Dragon.

And now, as a level-seven Beast Tamer, Shi Yu had sent out his eighth pet!

It wasn’t the first six pets that had appeared in the World Tournament. Instead, it was the abyss demigod reincarnation known as the “second team” at that time. It had temporarily not contracted and obtained the divine-level Abyss Seed.

Although the image was a little different, from the power fluctuations, it was the power of the abyss!

Holy shit.

Shi Yu had even contracted it!

Therefore, what was going on? Shi Yu had broken the contract of the first pet??? Otherwise, how could he contract two new pets in a row?

Shi Yu’s previous pets were also top-notch pets. Although the Abyss Demon Duck with divine-level resources was indeed very strong, it didn’t have to be broken just like that, right?

For someone of Shi Yu’s status, although the side effects of breaking the contract were not difficult to recover from, it would more or less affect the relationship between Beast Tamers and pets. How could he bear to do that?

“Green Dragon, even more so. That’s the Eastern God in Dong Huang’s heart, the god of faith in the starry sky. It’s not easy to nurture it. Only a fool would abandon it.”

“A time-element ginseng baby that can revive and self-destruct. Any Beast Tamer can’t break the contract with such a strategic pet.”

“The Blue Sea Sprite is the strongest demigod reincarnation. It’s known by the gods as the strongest tier god after stepping into the Mythical Domain. It’s impossible to give up.”

“Could it be…”

Everyone recalled that Shi Yu had contracted a new mechanical phantom beast. Could it be that he had broken the contract with the Wind Kirin?

They quickly shook their heads. The Wind Kirin had mastered a divine skill of luck, and it was a Mythical Race. Shi Yu shouldn’t be that stupid.

From the looks of it…

The greatest possibility was that Shi Yu had broken the contract with the sword spirit!

Although that sword spirit was also very strong, its performance in the World Tournament was far inferior to Shi Yu’s other pets.

Compared to the Green Dragon and Baby Ginseng that killed totems and the Iron-eating Beast that defeated the Enfeeble Divine Spirit, its battle record of possessing Shi Yu had only killed an invincible overlord.

The greatest function was to possess a Beast Tamer.

Compared to other divine beast teammates, as a heroic spirit, it was severely affected by its previous life, and the upper limit of its growth was also relatively low.

Moreover, as a heroic spirit, even if it broke the contract, it wouldn’t betray the Beast Tamer. It was a life and death binding. Therefore, it was very likely that the sword spirit had been broken by Shi Yu and eliminated, replaced by the current mechanical Illusion God, the Earth Divine Dragon, and the Abyss Demon Duck.

At this point, everyone felt that they were close to the truth. They couldn’t help but feel pity for the sword spirit. Poor sword spirit. It was clearly very strong, but the pets later were even more monstrous.

“What are these guys imagining?” President Lin Xiao noticed that in the huge venue, even Legendary Wex Yi fell into deep thought. His expression kept changing, as if he was guessing something. He couldn’t help but be stunned.

That made sense…

If Shi Yu had not told him in advance, he would definitely be equally stunned.

It was an extremely pity to break the contract of Shi Yu’s pets.

But was there a possibility that Shi Yu had not removed any of them, but obtained a contract slot that was different from ordinary people under the blessings of the World Tree??

Double contract slot!

Perhaps even the legends of the previous three worlds didn’t have this treatment.

“Star God Vulture, Starlight!”

While everyone was still guessing which pet had been eliminated by Shi Yu, the battle had already continued. President Monkalov was indeed experienced. Just now, he looked extremely weak, but in the blink of an eye, he was enough to assist the Star God Vulture in the battle with all his might.

Boom!!!

A huge star soul possessed the Star God Vulture. It let out a long roar. As it expelled the black rain that corroded energy and attacked its body, it summoned starlight, wanting to disperse the dark sky wave rain from the source.

“Jiu!!!!!!”

In terms of Skill proficiency and various Stats, the Star God Vulture was still better. At least, it pulled open two small steps, so with the experience provided by Little Ji, this time, as soon as Duckie came up, it activated the peerless mode, Abyss Liberation!!

It didn’t want to be tortured by the other party in its normal state.

Little Ji’s Cataclysm also needed to warm up to increase its control over the Skill, but it didn’t need it!

Firstly, it was because the core of the move was all gathered in the body and wouldn’t cause too much damage to the outside world. Secondly, it had moves that restricted quasi-divine skills.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

The Star God Vulture discovered that it could immediately disperse the dark clouds. However, with a strange thumping sound, it let out an ominous roar and circled in the sky, discovering that the dark clouds were even stronger.