Chapter 1147 - Chapter 1147 Don'T Think About Leaving Since You'Re Here (2)

Chapter 1147 Don’t Think About Leaving Since You’re Here (2)

“Uh…”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Holy shit.”

“Huh?”

“What’s going on?”

As these two names appeared, Dong Huang’s audience was stunned.

It was Rongguang vs Dong Huang.

“F*ck, is there a conspiracy!!!” In Dong Huang, the Prediction Owl watching the live broadcast at Imperial Capital University cursed.

It clearly predicted the Seven Islands vs Tingxiang.

How could it be Rongguang vs Dong Huang! There was a conspiracy! It was deliberately targeting its Great Dong Huang!

This draw result could be said to have stunned most people. President Logan, President Ashaya, Legendary Wex Yi, President Lin, who was just about to move, Shi Yu, who was secretly investigating, and the big boss of Rongguang were slightly stunned.

Especially Shi Yu.

“Well, the name list of every battle is random. It will only ensure that one side isn’t allowed to fight continuously, but after one interval, it’s not within the restrictions.” The black cell phone explained, “Therefore, next, it’s still Legend Shi Yu of Dong Huang who fights.”

“And his opponent is His Holiness the Pope of the Church of Light in the Rongguang Nation, the Son of Light, Ralph!”

“Heh.” On Rongguang’s side, Ralph smiled. Beside him, the extremely handsome angel god, who was even slightly more handsome than Shi Yu, also looked down in surprise.

It was actually going to fight that Shi Yu so quickly?

Forget it.

In any case, the other party’s two pets just now shouldn’t be the strongest main force. The other party didn’t use its Beast Taming Talent to consume its physical strength. It wasn’t bullying this time.

“Shi Yu.” President Lin, who was just about to leave to do things according to Shi Yu’s instructions, looked at Shi Yu.

The opponent was not simple. If they wanted to fight, they would probably have to consume a lot of physical strength.

At that time, his condition would decrease. If there was really a crisis, he might be unable to resist!

“Hahahahaha, it’s coming, it’s coming. The angel beside that yellow-haired old man isn’t simple. It can definitely make this Shi Yu fall into a bitter battle. The time to attack is coming soon.” In the alternate space, Yun An, who had his consciousness possess him, was also overjoyed when he saw this.

He didn’t expect the opportunity to come so quickly.

It suppressed its hatred and couldn’t wait anymore.

However, in order to be foolproof, it still had to wait for Shi Yu to consume the greatest amount of energy before attacking!

At this moment, everyone was very surprised, especially those Beast Tamers who knew that the lineup of Rongguang this time was not simple. When they saw Rongguang meet Dong Huang so quickly, they couldn’t help but lick their lips in anticipation.

Between a real reincarnated god and a god cultivated and created after birth, who was stronger?

“It’s alright.” And now, the lucky person, Shi Yu, shook his head helplessly and sent a voice transmission to President Lin.

“It’s already checkmate.”

“Crisis will no longer be a crisis.”

He felt that he was really lucky.

Just now, he and Ling sensed an instant of threat again!!

Again!

This made Ling quickly deduce and analyze that the other party might want to attack at the moment when Shi Yu’s battle consumption was the greatest.

Regarding the analysis of a top-notch think tank like Ling, Shi Yu quite acknowledged it. In his shoes, if he wanted to assassinate a target, he would definitely have to choose the time when the target was at its weakest Enfeeble.

However, what made Shi Yu feel lucky was not because Ling had analyzed this.

Qi was really very powerful.

Shi Yu originally thought that it might be a while before Qi could find the enemy.

However, not long after the battle between President Logan and President Ashaya ended, just as the black cell phone announced the new name list, Qi directly locked onto the other party!

He understood the other party’s location and the other party’s essence.

In Shi Yu’s Beast Taming Space, the pink loli Qi carried Little Purple and sat on the star. Through the Beast Taming Space, her cherry-like eyes seemed to reflect the scene in another space.

“Shi Yu, it’s actually the Yun Race. You’re wrong! The correct answer was eliminated just now!”

“But it’s not Yun An’s main body. It should be its subordinate. It must have brought some super powerful tool. Otherwise, it couldn’t have hidden so well.”

In the face of Qi’s discovery, Shi Yu was extremely silent.

Yun An…

This guy had come from the past to give his head away, and now from this time and space, he was here to give his head away. He was really something.

He didn’t expect Yun An’s hatred for him to be so deep. As soon as he received the news that he was coming to Alliance Island, he immediately came to assassinate him.

This was the highest holy land of humans.

Moreover, from the looks of it, the other party’s preparations were very thorough. He actually hid it from everyone.

If not for the fact that the two helpers, the Time Sprite and the Luck Kirin, were around, Shi Yu felt that he would really have fallen for it.

[A top-notch totem and two Normal totems are both under Yun An. They’re not strong, but since they can let us sense a life-and-death threat… That means that they have a killer move that can instantly heavily injure demigods and make demigods on the verge of death!]

Shi Yu thought for a moment. It was probably self-destruction. The modern Yun Race was researching forbidden Arms. Shi Yu knew this. If he wanted to maximize the energy efficiency, self-destruction was the best choice.

Yun An probably knew that even if the assassination was successful, its subordinates couldn’t return, so the possibility of self-destruction increased again.

Shi Yu chuckled.

He was really not afraid of self-destruction.

In the past, in order to restrict Yun An’s self-destruction, Buggy and Ling had practiced together for a long time. They could even temporarily suppress Yun An’s self-destruction, let alone totems below the three demigods.

Since they were here, they couldn’t leave.

Shi Yu thought that it was a demigod, but in the end, there were only a few of them. There was no need for President Lin to call a Legendary to save an opponent of this level.