Chapter 1143 - 1143 Assassination From Yun An

1143 Assassination from Yun An

After the battle ended, with President Monkalov stepping down, Shi Yu naturally followed.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

There was silence. Only Shen Feng’s new Legendary, Wexy, looked at the messy venue and fell into deep thought with the mystic realm remote control in his hand.

President Monkalov was alright.

But was this Shi Yu deliberately targeting him?

He clearly knew that there was still a battle later, and as a judge, he still had to repair the venue part-time, but in the end, he didn’t pity the venue at all?

The quasi-divine skill of the mechanical phantom beast directly changed most of the terrain of the mystic realm venue, shattering the ground and summoning countless magma from the ground.

Under the enhancement of the quasi-divine skill, the Abyss demigod reincarnation summoned harsh rain. Its battle aura also collided with the magma terrain, causing the mystic realm arena to almost shatter under the aftermath of the two!

Legendary Lightning Yi could already predict that this would be the situation in the next six battles Shi Yu participated in.

His expression couldn’t help but darken.

“Sigh.” But at this moment, the black cell phone had yet to realize the seriousness of the problem. It was still reminiscing about the battle just now. It said, “How exciting.”

“Dear audience before the live broadcast, are you very surprised by the outcome of the battle just now?”

“I’m very surprised that President Monkalov lost the competition, but this isn’t because President Monkalov is weak, but because Legend Shi Yu’s two pets are very special!”

“I have to introduce them to everyone!”

The audience in front of the live broadcast stared at the black cell phone. What the f*ck were you doing earlier? During the battle, you should have explained at the same time!

“That Tyrant Dragon and Dragon-shaped monster is indeed a mechanical phantom beast. It’s a new life form revived with the fossil as the prototype!”

“However, legend Shi Yu, Dr. Shi Yu’s mechanical phantom beast doesn’t use ordinary fossils, but a mechanical illusion god that revives with the fossil of the Mythical creature, the Earth Divine Dragon, as a template!! The Skill used just now is also the signature divine skill of the Earth Divine Dragon!! A terrifying divine skill that’s enough to destroy a continent!!”

“President Monkalov didn’t lose in vain. He mastered the prototype of a divine skill. That mechanical Illusion God can already be called a Mythical Race!! In the history of the Alliance, even Legendary Beast Tamers have never cultivated a Mythical Race pet. Dr. Shi Yu is the first!!”

“I think it doesn’t seem to be a problem to call him the legendary Mechanic!”

[Mythical Race? Holy shit…] Countless Beast Tamers watching the live broadcast widened their eyes. Divine skill? Mythical Race?

They, who only knew the overlord race and super skills, had no concept of the word Mythical at all. From the looks of it, it was really strong. It was a divine skill that was enough to destroy a continent. It was not strange for it to instantly kill the main force of the strongest echelon’s titled legend. No wonder President Monkalov looked like he had eaten sh*t!

“As for that black Demon Duck, it’s said that it’s the reincarnation of the most unholy faction, the demigod of the Abyss Sea. At the peak of its previous life, its individual existence was not inferior to a Legendary Beast Tamer. In this life, it was unearthed by legend Shi Yu and carefully cultivated. The Skill used just now is also a quasi-divine skill. Just like the Mechanical Illusion God just now, it’s also a Mythical Race!”

“President Monkalov, your loss was not unjust!”

President Monkalov, who had already left the stage, looked at the black cell phone. Listen to me, thank you… #!

Although he was bragging about Shi Yu, there was no need to emphasize that he had lost every time, right?!

President Monkalov was so angry that his beard flew up.

[Wait?! Another Mythical Race?! Didn’t they say that in the history of the Alliance, even Legendary Beast Tamers have never cultivated a Mythical Race pet!]

After introducing Duckie, the Beast Tamers watching the live broadcast were stunned again. However, it was also a fact that the second duck insta-killed the Star God Vulture even more sharply. They had all seen it.

[This is nothing. During the World Tournament, Shi Yu had already cultivated a Mythical Race. Otherwise, why do you think he could end the competition in the preliminaries and even kill totems above his level? I was at the scene at that time!] Someone exposed.

Everyone: “Huh???”

As the black cell phone introduced him, more and more information about Shi Yu was exposed, allowing more Normal Beast Tamers to instantly know a lot of ridiculous information.

“No wonder this guy could be chosen by the Blue Planet’s Will to become the savior of Blue Planet! He’s indeed powerful!” Upon hearing this, the spider girl who was beaten up by Shi Yu in Dong Huang was completely convinced.

It was not easy to nurture so many Mythical Races. Even in the Mythical Era, there wouldn’t be many creatures of Mythical Races, let alone in this Cultivationless Era.

“Next…” Soon, the black cell phone finished speaking and began to shake the two parties fighting in the second round!

Shen Feng vs Ming Hua!

The representative of Shen Feng, the Mechanical God of War, President Logan, was like a title. He was expert in the Mechanic class, and his strongest mechanical weapon, the Battle God Fist, had the battle record of heavily injuring top-notch totems.

And as a Mechanic, he could also create forbidden Arms.

In terms of battle results, he was a Beast Tamer even fiercer than President Makalov. If he really let loose and fought, even demigods would probably be unwilling to fight President Logan, who was in charge of the Shen Feng Nation.

However, the Alliance Meeting definitely restricted forbidden weapons.

And his opponent was Ming Hua’s Reincarnator, Ashaya!

This was a beautiful Beast Tamer with bright black skin. In a sense, apart from Shi Yu, she was the youngest representative of the Beast Tamer in this Alliance Meeting.