Chapter 1142 - 1142 Poor Sword Spirit (4)

1142 Poor Sword Spirit (4)

But for the time being, it was enough.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Duckie directly smashed the Demon Subduing Pestle onto the Star God Vulture from top to bottom.

Boom!!!

In an instant.

The Star God Vulture fell to the ground like a stream of light and was smashed into the black lake just now. Its attack caused thousands of waves and splashed black water droplets that filled the sky. It was like a reverse dark sky wave rain, making President Monkalov’s expression immediately turn pale.

Pfft.

President Monkalov, who was opposite him, vomited blood again. With a boom, he looked at the Star God Vulture that floated up and lost consciousness, as well as the Sea Cleansing Demon Duck that had already landed and recovered its Restoration state. His heart almost exploded.

This attack also stunned all the spectators again.

Crushing?

“Stronger, ridiculously strong, right? It doesn’t look like they’re in the same dimension at all? The main force of that Star God Monkalov, who has been famous for decades, actually couldn’t even withstand a round and was insta-killed.”

“What exactly is going on with this Shi Yu?”

It was alright the first time, but after two consecutive rounds, the legend expert who had been famous for a long time were beaten up by Shi Yu. In an instant, the audience of the various countries was stunned.

“Ah, this, this.” The black cell phone was stunned. It was also shocked by the strength of Shi Yu’s Sea Cleansing Demon Duck. It only felt that it wasn’t weaker than the mechanical Illusion God machine that had previously activated a catastrophe.

It was completely crushed.

“I was wrong. It actually mastered such a perfect cleansing power and restricted the power of the abyss.” At this moment, the expression of the Angel God changed again, making the Light Pope beside him speechless.

This Shi Yu… was really not human. Even the second team’s pets were like this?

No, he didn’t believe that this Abyss Demon Duck was still the so-called second team Shi Yu had mentioned previously.

At least, in the quasi-divine skill state, it already had the battle power of a top-notch totem!

“Holy shit, holy shit, holy shit.” Dong Huang, Ancient Capital, and Yu Shu were immediately stunned when they saw that this duck was so strong. F*ck, no wonder Shi Yu would rather break the contract of General Mu Huiyin’s heroic spirit and contract this duck.

It was really strong.

However, when they recalled that General Mu Huiyin’s experience was already so miserable, and she still had to break the contract because Shi Yu liked the new and hated the old. In Dong Huang, the Beast Tamers who had seen the preview of Mu Huiyin’s legend instantly felt uncomfortable.

Scumbag!

“I lost.”

“The future belongs to you young people.”

At this point, President Monkalov, who was holding his chest, looked at Shi Yu opposite him. He already knew that he had been completely surpassed by this young man. Even if he sent other main forces, they would definitely not be his match in a one-on-one situation.

This guy’s pets were all a group of monsters.

Initially, everyone was afraid that the six pets in Shi Yu’s World Tournament would be stronger now.

However, no one expected Shi Yu to directly take out two new pets to crush everyone.

This guy… used only half a year to pull up two new pets with totem battle power!

“It’s over. Monkalov has already become this kid’s stepping stone. His growth speed is faster than I imagined,” President Shen Feng said with an ugly expression.

“You will all be stepping stones.” Only President Lin Xiao’s heart was as clear as a mirror.

Others were only stunned by the strength of Little Ji and Duckie in front of them, but these two pets were clearly still only the second team in Shi Yu’s previous evaluation!

He didn’t have the ability to challenge the first team at all! This meant that Shi Yu’s full strength was beyond imagination.

“Thank you for the fight,” Shi Yu said to Monkalov.

“Yes.” Monkalov put away the Star God Vulture and turned to leave.

At this moment, all the Beast Tamers watching the live broadcast in the world went crazy. Damn, this young world legend in his early twenties actually, actually really defeated President Monkalov, who was strong enough to enter the top 15 of the Beast Taming Domain?!

And it was… a crushing posture?!

What a joke. Who could tell them how far this Shi Yu’s full strength had reached!

Could it be that it was already close to the Legendary level?

“He took down the legend title at level six. At the legend level, it’s not impossible for his battle power to be close to the Legendary level, right?” Some spectators who had seen the world competition tried to convince themselves.

….

At the same time.

On the other side of the mountain, on the other side of the sea, on an isolated island far away from the Alliance Island.

A dark aura enveloped the entire island, and the tip of the iceberg was revealed on the huge creature’s body.

“Your Majesty, they have already infiltrated the Alliance Island.”

A black giant ape prostrated on the ground and welcomed the supreme strongest demigod in front of it, the king of totems and the king of the Yun Race.

“I finally caught an opportunity.”

Its huge eyes crossed the sea and also stared in the direction of Alliance Island.

The seven countries held the Alliance Meeting, and Dong Huang represented Shi Yu. This information was naturally received by the Yun clan.

Ever since the last time Shi Yu from the Heavenly Sword Nation snatched divine-level resources from Yun An, Yun An had been holding a grudge until now. In order to take revenge, he had already prepared for a long time.

Unfortunately, he couldn’t find any traces of Shi Yu.

However, this time, Shi Yu confirmed that he had appeared on Alliance Island. Its sacrificial soldiers and assassins had already locked onto Shi Yu.

He was definitely going to kill Shi Yu in one go.

This time, it planned to use the suicide self-destruction attack of its totem-level subordinates to kill Shi Yu’s existence!

Even if Shi Yu still had the previous Guardian equipment, it definitely couldn’t offset its carefully planned assassination!

In addition, wasn’t it wanted by the Seven Nation Alliance? It also had to give the Human Alliance a big gift!

In any case, after killing Shi Yu and venting the hatred in its heart, it didn’t plan to stay on Blue Planet anymore.

Run after fighting!

The Blue Planet god gradually woke up, making Yun An realize that this was not a low-level planet at all. It planned to go to a nearby planet to wait for the Mythical stage to completely revive and break through to the divine level before leaving this galaxy.

It could be said that Yun An originally didn’t care about Shi Yu’s growth speed if he didn’t contract the Blue Sea Sprite and the Iron-eating Beast, but Shi Yu disguised himself as Emperor Wu and snatched its resources. This was something Yun An couldn’t tolerate. It was so angry.

Blue Planet it could choose not to dominate, but Shi Yu had to die!

This was the last thing it prepared to do before leaving. If it didn’t do it, there would be a knot in its heart. It was afraid that becoming a god wouldn’t be stable. Ahhh.