Chapter 1145 - 1145 Assassination From Yun An (3)

1145 Assassination from Yun An (3)

As for whether he would really encounter danger…

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Shi Yu was not very worried.

“Shi Yu, Shi Yu, the other party should have used a Meld Skill that involves time space or borrowed resources that contain the power of time space. It’s not just spatial power, that’s why he hid so well.”

“Although my strength hasn’t completely recovered… I might be able to give it a try and find the other party’s location,” Qi suddenly said.

“Moreover, although the spatial power in your body isn’t enough to support one spatial travel, you should be able to dodge two fatal attacks with everyone.”

Shi Yu knew that Qi would definitely do it. After all, this was the little guy who could run the most in the Mythical Era. Even the three alien factions that invaded Blue Planet couldn’t do anything to her, let alone such an enemy.

Compared to slipping away from the Blue Sea Ruins now and giving up the Alliance Meet, Shi Yu also wanted to find the other party more and see who had ill intentions towards him.

If he didn’t figure out the other party’s identity, he would feel uncomfortable for a long time.

“Yes, I’ll leave it to you,” Shi Yu said. “Try to find the other party.”

If they dared to invade the Alliance Island, even if it was a demigod, they would make it impossible for the other party to return.

Although there weren’t many Legendarys here, there were more than ten titled legends and a bunch of forbidden machines. It was more than enough to farm a demigod.

At the same time, Shi Yu looked at President Lin Xiao in the distance and sent a voice transmission, “President Lin.”

“What’s wrong?” President Lin also sensed Shi Yu’s direction. Although he didn’t have a telepathy talent, at his level, he could completely use the power of his pet to communicate telepathically with Shi Yu.

“By the way, you did well just now. I feel that you can defeat these guys with those two second team pets. Haha… All the best.”

“Alright… President Lin, I have something to tell you.”

“Well, I seem to have been targeted by a mysterious demigod. The other party is on Alliance Island and successfully invaded this place. He’s hiding somewhere and I don’t know when he’ll attack me…”

“Of course, there’s also a certain chance that the other party’s goal is the entire Alliance Island.”

“I’m searching for its traces. In addition, I plan to continue letting Little Ji compete with Duckie to avoid alerting the enemy. We have to catch the other party this time. To be able to enter the Alliance Island without anyone noticing, leaving it alive is a disaster. Why don’t we take advantage of the crowd now and attack together to figure out the other party’s origin and goal?”

“Prepare in secret. It’s best if you can immediately contact the Legendarys of the seven countries. You can’t let anything happen to the Alliance Island, nor can you let anything happen to me.”

President Lin: “?”

….

In a special void, one, two, and three, a total of three spatial totem-level Yun clan sacrificial soldiers, were hiding in the sky above the Alliance Island with the “Heavenly Space Concealment Divine Stone” bestowed by Yun An.

They were specially cultivated by Yun An in order to kill Shi Yu. They mastered the explosive and self-destruction skills of sacrificing lives, as well as the three-in-one group connection skill, and referenced the forbidden Arms of humans.

If they attacked together, even a demigod would be in great danger. In order to get rid of Shi Yu, this big problem in his heart, Yun An could be said to have invested a lot.

In short, together with the Heavenly Space Concealment Divine Stone… Yun An’s three subordinates were enough to be called the strongest assassin team. Unfortunately, its own strength was too strong, and the Concealment Divine Stone couldn’t completely hide it. Otherwise, it would have to kill Shi Yu personally.

But forget it. After all, it was the Alliance Island. It was more dangerous. It was better to leave it to his subordinates.

Yun An followed his heart and directly chose to control it remotely.

At this moment, Yun An stared at the outside world through the eyes of the three sacrificial soldiers and said with a mental resonance, “Don’t be anxious, don’t be anxious. Before the power of the Concealment Divine Stone is exhausted, no one can discover you.”

“What you have to do is find the best opportunity. It’s best if he uses his Beast Taming Talent to fight others and launch a fatal attack when he consumes the most energy! Only then can we ensure that nothing goes wrong!”