Chapter 1141 - 1141 Poor Sword Spirit (3)

1141 Poor Sword Spirit (3)

Under its starry coat, the powerful force shattered layers of energy shields and corroded deeper.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

It looked down and immediately discovered that the so-called “bang bang bang bang” vibration came from the Demon Duck’s body!!

It was the sound of its heart!!

The strong heartbeat was like thunder. The roar of a god resounded through the entire spatial venue, making everyone’s hearts involuntarily beat faster with it.

Under the dark sky, the Sea Cleansing Demon Duck walked on the magma ground step by step. Accompanied by the dark sky’s fluctuations, Quas mist steam immediately rose and swept into water.

Buzz!!!

The sound of laws that suppressed everything also came with the beating of the Sea Cleansing Demon Duck’s heart. A terrifying Demon God aura filled the sky, making the Star God Vulture in the sky reveal a frightened expression. It also made Monkalov, who was opposite him, reveal an incomprehensible expression.

It was the sound of laws again, another quasi-divine skill!

What a joke. Was it common?

The presidents of the many associations and Beast Tamers present got up in disbelief.

“Abyss God!”

“It’s the same as that Xuan Ming. It has mastered the power of the abyss!” The angel god looked at the duck and couldn’t help but say with a look of disbelief.

“But it’s only at the overlord level… It will definitely lose its mind!”

He was only at the overlord level, but he dared to use the abyssal divine power. He had a death wish.

Wouldn’t its Resistance be corroded by the power of the abyss?

Although there was a precedent for Little Ji, no one dared to imagine that in just half a year, Shi Yu’s second team pet had crossed the restrictions of its race at the overlord level and reached the divine level.

This was already Shi Yu’s number one Mythical Race pet?!

Moreover, this was a Mythical Race that had inherited the power of the abyss, the invader of Blue Planet!!

“Damn it!!” Monkalov cursed. He finally had the intention to retreat. He felt that Shi Yu’s pet was even more ridiculous. It actually activated a quasi-divine skill the moment it came up.

Moreover, from the signs of this quasi-divine skill, it was a state-type quasi-divine skill?

He hesitated for a moment, and it was this hesitation that instantly buried the Star God Vulture.

“Quack! (Profoundity: One Thought of Buddha Demon!)”

Swoosh!

A Vajra Demon Subduing Staff turned into a holy weapon. Under the wash of the golden power, in an instant, traces of golden holy light were mixed in the black Demon God Flame of the Sea Cleansing Duck.

Boom!

The impact of the limits of the two powers.

Sonic booms sounded, and the sound was Devoured by the sound of the heart.

“What’s this?” someone exclaimed.

Under the wash of this power, the duck, whose gaze was violent just now and whose rationality was gradually losing, recovered some consciousness.

It stunned some people who originally didn’t think highly of the overlord level and tried to master the power of the divine-level abyss.

“The power of the Heart Buddha.” Ming Hua’s Reincarnator, President Ashaya, couldn’t help but stand up.

An abyssal creature had mastered the Holy power of Ming Hua?

Wait a minute, was that Demon Duck’s predecessor the Duckbill Beast… Could it be… She couldn’t believe it.

Could it be that this reincarnation cultivated both Buddhism and demonic attributes during the evolution process??

What kind of monster was this!!

Everyone was stunned.

The accelerated burning of the blood made Duckie’s figure instantly disappear from the spot.

Boom!!!

A huge pit appeared on the shattered magma ground. A black ocean lake instantly formed, replacing the magma pool.

“It disappeared!”

The breathing of the audience tightened at the same time, and their gazes quickly moved.

Where was that Demon Duck?

“In… in the sky!!!” Someone discovered Duckie’s traces.

In midair, the Star God Vulture’s mind had long been focused to the extreme, its eyes filled with seriousness.

“Jiu!!!” Under the violent and sharp cry, its figure had already turned into a divine light beam that broke through the limit in the sky. In an instant, its flying trajectory formed a five-pointed star.

Super Skill, Star Seal.

Boom!!!

The huge Star Seal was like a palm as it slapped down at the arena, enveloping and suppressing everything.

But in the next moment, the Star God Vulture and Monkalov were shocked. They suddenly realized that with a bang, a huge hole appeared in the Star Seal that enveloped a large area. Moreover, the edge of the hole was filled with black frost.

They didn’t realize how the Skill was penetrated at all.

When they reacted, the figure of the Abyss Demon Duck had already appeared behind the Star God Vulture. The pressure was very strong, making them unable to believe it.

What explosive power…

It instantly disappeared, penetrated the super Skill that was close to transcendent proficiency, and ascended to the sky again. It came to the sky behind the enemy, still invisible.

They couldn’t defeat it, they were completely not its match.

“Star God Vulture, come back,” Monkalov shouted. He finally gave up in his heart, but the speed of his voice transmission was slower than Duckie’s rapid attack.

“Quack!! (Quack crouching vulture pestle!!)” Even if its rationality was corroded, ducks could still be naughty.

At the same time as the attack, it shouted.

Space and time seemed to have frozen. The Star God Vulture was completely unable to withstand a single blow from the duck under the beating heart of the abyss. It was almost like flowing water. The duck holding the Demon Suppressing Pestle directly instilled the power of the abyss into the Demon Suppressing Pestle!!

Cracks immediately appeared on the holy weapon that shone with the light of the Buddha Demon, becoming the carrier of the duck’s attack!!

However, even this carrier was not enough to withstand all the abyssal divine power…