Chapter 1144 - 1144 Assassination From Yun An (2)

1144 Assassination from Yun An (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

She was in her early forties and looked to be less than 30 years old, like a young beautiful woman.

However, if it was from her previous life, she might be the oldest.

In her previous life, she accidentally ate a special resource that could allow her to reincarnate. Therefore, although she was a human, she did the same miracle as those gods and totems. After dying, she successfully reincarnated into a new baby in the future.

With the memories of an ancient legend, she began to rise again. This was also the key to her ascending to the second seat of Ming Hua in her early forties.

It could be said that every president of the associations of the seven countries had a chance to break through to the Legendary level. None of them were easy.

“I wonder if these two contracted a reincarnation god…”

After Shi Yu left the arena, he casually sat in an empty place and didn’t go to President Lin Xiao. It was mainly because he was certain that when President Lin saw him, he would definitely talk a lot again.

He clearly looked like a very profound person at the start, but recently, he was becoming more and more like Principal Feng. Sigh.

Old Lin, Old Lin, be more careful. He was already more than a hundred years old. If he didn’t take advantage of the revival of the laws to break through to the Legendary stage, there wouldn’t be anything to play with.

“Huh???” At this moment, President Logan and President Ashaya had already gone on stage.

Shi Yu’s expression suddenly changed.

His right eye instantly twitched. A huge sense of danger made him suddenly look around.

Like Shi Yu, Ling, who had suddenly sensed danger, turned into a small cube and floated beside Shi Yu, recording the battle of the Alliance Conference.

It also instantly sensed a huge crisis.

Shi Yu suddenly focused all his attention, but a moment later, nothing happened.

On the arena, the battle was very intense. The various presidents, even Legendary Wex Yi, were watching the battle intently, as if they didn’t notice anything.

Everything looked very calm, but to Shi Yu and Ling, it was so strange.

He clearly sensed danger, but he couldn’t sense anything and couldn’t find the source.

What was going on…

“Ling, you sensed it too, right?”

“Although it was only for an instant.”

“Yes, Master,” Ling said solemnly.

Not to mention the totem level.

In battle, when facing a Skill that was fatal to the enemy, one would feel a life-and-death threat from it, and their bodies would react differently.

In daily life, when facing a crisis that might attack in the next moment, it would also sense the crisis a second or even a fraction of a second in advance.

But no matter which it was, it could only be sensed when danger was about to come.

Shi Yu had long studied this ability in detail when the Seven Islands challenged the path to champion. The situation just now was very strange. They clearly sensed danger, but in the next moment, no danger descended.

Strange…

Moreover, if a crisis really descended, the Dragon God Protection should be able to be activated.

The Dragon God Protection didn’t react at all. Only they sensed it, so was there any danger?

Moreover, for them to sense danger, it had to be at least a demigod-level attack. But why would an attack of this level appear on Alliance Island? Not only did Legendary Wexy not discover it, but the defense facilities of Alliance Island also didn’t discover it?

Because this place wasn’t big, the Defense facilities were all maxed out, but it was even harder to invade than the borders of the seven countries!

“Master, according to my analysis, our perception might have been affected by my ‘Wind Blessing’ and caused me to make many predictions in advance,” Ling said after analyzing for a moment.

“However, the impact shouldn’t be too far from the real situation. The source of the threat should be on Alliance Island, and the other party has already locked onto you.”

“Are we escaping?”

The Wind Blessing involved time, space, and wind Stats. It was a divine skill of laws. Shi Yu and Ling themselves were protected by the Wind Blessing all year round. Ling thought for a moment and realized that this was the only situation.

Although the crisis they sensed didn’t descend, there was indeed a potential crisis threatening them.

“Escape…” Shi Yu was stunned.

Escape my ass!

He could already “beat” Emperor Wu. When he encountered danger, he couldn’t just think about escaping.

“You guys can’t discover anything?”

At this moment, Shi Yu was already urging Ling and Buggy.

However, in exchange, he only shook his head.

“Wu wu wu!! (The other party’s spatial attainments might be higher than mine.)” Buggy said.

Shi Yu gritted his teeth. Good heavens, who exactly was it that wanted to harm him on the Alliance Island?

Or could it be that the target wasn’t him, but the entire Alliance Island, but it would affect him?

Shi Yu couldn’t judge.

However, from the other party’s movements, he indeed had some skills. What method did he use?

“Not only is it higher than you, but it might even be one of the best among the demigods. It might even be a demigod who specializes in space. Otherwise, it wouldn’t be so easy to enter the Alliance Island,” Shi Yu said.

In fact, judging from the characteristics of danger perception, Shi Yu felt that the other party was targeting him.

But he really couldn’t think of anyone who hated him so much.

Tyrant Dragon King? Yun An? Black Dragon Juggernaut? None of them looked like it. It was mainly because their spatial attainments weren’t that strong.

Could it be a revived spatial god? But he didn’t provoke anyone.

F*ck, don’t let him know who it was…

“No matter what, be prepared to deal with it with all your might first,” Shi Yu ordered everyone.