Chapter 1149 - 1149 Don'T Think About Leaving Since You'Re Here (4)

1149 Don’t Think About Leaving Since You’re Here (4)

What??

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Before they could react, Yun An was already shocked.

“Impossible!!!” In the alternate space, after being stunned, Yun An roared in confusion.

He was discovered? How was that possible!

In the next moment, Shi Yu, who was holding an immortal sword, waved his sword at the sky. Then, right on the heels of that, an incomparably dazzling sword light of red, blue, white, and black seemed to have broken through the darkness like a divine judgment. With a crack, it shattered the Void!

A shocking sword intent enveloped the entire Alliance Island.

At this moment, Chi Tong’s Myriad Sword Convergence was with Shi Yu. In the undead space, the imprisoned totem undead endured a huge burden and cried out. At the same time, Shi Yu’s aura directly approached the limit of a real demigod. His instant battle power might have already exceeded a weak demigod like the Heavenly Sword Ancient Nation.

This was the peak state that a sword spirit that had evolved with two divine-level resources could reach after possessing three divine-level resources to strengthen itself.

Among the monsters like the Chaos Panda, the Green Dragon, the World Ginseng, the Blue Sea Sprite, and the Luck Divine Beast, they could also easily take down the most terrifying battle power state of the team’s first place with an absolute advantage.

Under the extremely shocked surroundings and even the Angel God, Shi Yu and the others directly successfully shattered the alternate space hidden by the Meteorite assassin under Qi’s guidance. At this moment, the sky tore apart, and the world seemed to have been divided into two.

In the eyes of the audience, space shattered almost instantly. Then, right on the heels of that, in the sky, the extraterrestrial totem Shi Yu mentioned appeared in front of everyone!!

In the shattered sky, it was pitch-black. Three poisonous beasts with extremely terrifying forms that emitted an Unholy aura and oppressive radiation were completely revealed in the sky above Alliance Island.

The black cell phone looked at the sky in shock. It had no idea when these guys had invaded. At this moment, through the live broadcast screen, people everywhere could see their terrifying faces.

A huge centipede more than a thousand meters long with at least a thousand feet and a black golden body that looked like it had been watered by ink was wriggling in the black clouds, its terrifying red eyes looking at the ground.

A scarlet-black scorpion-shaped creature was like the Sky Demon God. Black mist lingered around a huge tail spike and huge scorpion pincer, like a terrifying Arms that could destroy a city. It swayed in front of its body.

Between them, a huge calamity spider that seemed to be the embodiment of disaster and plague with eyes as deep as a pure black hole was already in an attack posture. In its mind, the will of the King of the Yun Race, Yun An, was crazily transmitted.

Destruction! Destruction!! Destruction of everything!!!

Yun An, who was extremely far away, was so frightened by Shi Yu that its heart was about to jump out. It really didn’t understand how Shi Yu discovered them. After all, before this, it had even taken other demigods and even let its subordinates enter the Alliance Island to practice in advance.

In the end, indeed, no one discovered any traces of the Yun clan assassin who had relied on the power of the Concealment Divine Stone. Even demigods couldn’t, but in this situation, how exactly did Shi Yu discover it?

At this moment, Yun An no longer cared about anything. He directly let the three assassins launch a suicide self-destruction attack. He no longer cared about the Effect and immediately activated it!

“You hid it very well. Don’t hide it again next time.”

As Shi Yu held the immortal sword tightly, the bodies of the three incomparably huge poisonous creatures had already swelled to an even greater extent in a short period of time. A shocking black light and black mist bloomed from their bodies, causing their energy to increase steadily.

Almost in an instant, every one of their auras reached the peak. An ominous wave bloomed from their bodies, as if it came from the endless malice in the hearts of intelligent life. The incomparable aura made the presidents of the various associations get up with a whoosh, and also made Legendary Wexy instantly feel as if he was facing a great enemy, revealing a shocked expression.

Invaders.

It was really as Shi Yu had said. There was a totem invader.

Moreover, from the current situation, they were plotting against the Alliance Island!

Self-destruction!

They were preparing to self-destruct!

The energy fluctuations erupting from each of them were no longer inferior to the attack of a demigod.

Three terrifying energies intertwined. Even demigods would be heavily injured. If they didn’t defend, their lives would be in danger.

If it was just three totems, coming here was courting death.

However, if three totems courting death came here, it could indeed disgust everyone.

No one was willing to take the self-destruction of a totem-level eruption head-on.

“Not good!!!” In the current state of the three sacrificial totems, even touching them would detonate them. Be it the Angel God, the presidents of the various associations, or Legendary Wexy, everyone felt threatened by this ominous aura.

In an instant, they used various methods to protect themselves, escape, or defend.

Everything happened in an extremely short period of 0.1 seconds. Just as everyone was trying their best to dodge this terrorist attack, only Shi Yu, who had prepared in advance, directly welcomed it. The other party was targeting him, so he naturally couldn’t let anything happen to the Alliance Island.

Buzz!!!

With the sword spirit in hand, when shocking sword intent shot out of Shi Yu’s eyes, he used the item of faith to cover the four holy domains of the entire Alliance Island. A huge barrier had long been instantly intertwined.

Boom!!

In an instant, under the perception of countless experts with widened eyes, for some reason, the self-destruction power of the three totems that burned their lives and activated their greatest strength to self-destruct was instantly suppressed.