Chapter 1156 - 1156 Breaking Through To Level 8 Beast Tamer (3)

1156 Breaking Through to Level 8 Beast Tamer (3)

After failing to assassinate Shi Yu and being wanted worldwide, Yun An originally planned to leave Blue Planet for a period of time. Who knew that this guy who called himself an ancient abyss demigod would suddenly find it?

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The Abyss Demon Frog, an ancient Abyss demigod and the ruler of the Abyss Sea a million years ago, wasn’t destroyed by the Blue Sea Sprite either. Instead, it felt that it was gradually losing itself under the power of the Abyss. With the help of divine-level resources, it sealed itself. It wasn’t in the historical records.

It only woke up again when the laws revived, but it still couldn’t perfectly control the power of the abyss until it sensed Yun An’s existence. Just like humans, it thought that Yun An was an advance guard sent by the Abyss Race from outer space.

It, who believed in the Abyss Evil God, immediately found Yun An and said that it wanted to join forces with Yun An to wait for the arrival of the Abyss Race army.

As for it, before that, it had a way to make it and Yun An stronger and not be afraid of any opponent.

When Yun An heard that, he immediately fell silent, because it wasn’t the vanguard of any extraterrestrial faction at all. However, humans and most races seemed to think so.

Since everyone thought so, Yun An didn’t want to explain anything. In any case, it couldn’t be explained clearly. Its ambition to conquer Blue Planet was also true. Therefore, Yun An followed the other party’s words and wanted to see what the Abyss Demon Frog wanted to do.

In the end, to Yun An’s surprise, the source of pollution created by the other party with the power of the Evil Eye was a strengthening resource close to a divine-level meteorite. Its strength pointed to the origin and could greatly increase its strength.

Apart from that, it could also allow it, who was originally a natural metal life form, to evolve into a perfect ability to adapt to water.

This way, Yun An felt that perhaps he could cultivate two, three, or even more quasi-divine skills before the Mythical Revival, instead of just relying on one divine skill to advance to the divine level.

As for the Abyss Demon Frog, it also obtained the source of Yun An’s Yun clan.

Yun An came from outer space and was an innate Abyss Race. It could perfectly control the power of the abyss. Meanwhile, it was a postnatural Abyss Race, and its race wasn’t perfect. It couldn’t perfectly use the power of the abyss, but with the power of the Evil Eye and Yun An, it might be able to transform itself into a perfect Abyss Race and become stronger.

The pollution source was temporarily useless to the Abyss Demon Frog. It was purely the Unholy Origin that polluted more lives. If it absorbed too much, although its strength would be stronger, it would lose its rationality. However, it was very nutritious for Yun An.

As for the Yun An Origin, it was helpful for the Abyss Demon Frog to master the power of the abyss. The two parties hit it off.

This was a mutually beneficial transaction.

“The transaction is smooth…” The Abyss Demon Frog enjoyed the Yun An Origin at the same time and said to Yun An.

[If only I could completely eat this guy.]

[If only I could snatch the Eye of the Evil God.]

The two of them looked at each other with ulterior motives, but they understood that cooperation was the best plan for them now.

“Next, we have to borrow the power of the Evil Eye to transform more pollution sources,” the Abyss Demon Frog said. “Moreover, kill the Blue Sea Sprite!”

“We definitely can’t let it grow to the peak. The previous generations of Abyss Leaders were all destroyed by the Blue Sea Sprite. Its power is extremely resistant to the Abyss Race.”

“Without it, even those reincarnation gods aren’t a big threat to us. On the contrary, as long as we pollute them and Blue Planet doesn’t have any cleansing methods, our strength will roll like a snowball, getting bigger and bigger.”

“This won’t be easy,” Yun An said. “That Shi Yu definitely won’t appear easily. He’s already at the Legend level and can already easily kill top-notch totems. There’s not much time left for us. His growth speed is too fast.”

It was even faster than that Wu Dong.

“I know, so we have to bait it!!” The Abyss Demon Frog said, “According to my investigation, he has a deep relationship with Dragon Palace City and even established some ‘Environmental Protection Department’. It’s extremely ridiculous. As long as we attack Dragon Palace City, he will definitely appear.”

“Dragon Palace City is Dong Huang’s ally, but there’s only one demigod presiding over it. There are no other allies, and Dong Huang’s Mechanical Legendary isn’t good at sea battles. There are very few ocean-type forbidden Arms in the various countries. Their power is far inferior to the ground, and it’s not easy to throw them into Dragon Palace City. Therefore, Dong Huang will be very passive in this attack.”

“At that time, if Dragon Palace City is polluted, the Blue Sea Sprite will definitely appear. It’s our best opportunity.”

“In addition, it’s not just them who can grow. Our cooperation can also make both of us stronger.”

Yun An said, “Dragon Palace City…”

Yun An was furious. The Dragon God of Dragon Palace City was also its sure-kill target. The last time, the Dragon God actually dared to say that it would definitely kill it the next time they met. What a joke. It was just a dragon.

“Your investigation is very comprehensive. You even know about forbidden Arms,” Yun An said.

“It’s decided. With my understanding of humans, they won’t unite to resist us soon. After we complete our evolution, we’ll attack Dragon Palace City and completely solve the hidden danger of the Blue Sea Sprite.”

“In addition, you’re also an Elemental life form, right? I’ll give you another small skill to reduce the damage of forbidden Arms. Although it can’t completely offset it, it can reduce the damage to an even lower level.” Yun An laughed.

Because it valued humans, it left behind a warning and valued the development of humans. Back in the era of Emperor Wu, humans that it had modified into meteorites had integrated into the world. This time, it was really lucky to have obtained a lot of knowledge about the Mechanic class. This was all thanks to the crazy scientists under it.