Chapter 1155 - 1155 Breaking Through To Level 8 Beast Tamer (2)

1155 Breaking Through to Level 8 Beast Tamer (2)

“I suspect that the combination of the two of them will make both parties even more difficult to deal with.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Yun An in this space-time was even harder to find than the one in the previous space-time. Ling suspected that not only did the other party have special resources to hide himself, but it was also possible that after joining forces with the Abyss Sea demigod, with the other party’s help, he could Meld into the deep sea alternate space.

Regarding that place, its investigation strength was definitely inferior to the alternate space in the outside world.

“Ning, Ning.” Susu was extremely aggrieved, making the duck beside it not know how to comfort it.

“Quack!! (Abyss Big Eye, your king is here!!)” Duckie was still angry.

“I know that even if we find them now, we’re no match for them. There are two demigods, and one is an abyss demigod holding the Eye of the Evil God. He’s not necessarily weaker than Yun An,” Shi Yu said.

Just now, President Lin also called to persuade him not to be rash.

“Susu, believe me, in a few days, we’ll launch a counterattack. We won’t let them continue to cause trouble.”

“I’ll definitely do what I promised you during the contract.”

“Ning Ning!!”

Shi Yu could sense Susu’s anxious mood to crush the Abyss Sea demigod and Yun An. If it didn’t have this mood, it wouldn’t be an Blue Sea Sprite.

However, the situation was indeed a little different now.

Unless more than twice the number of legendaries joined forces, the two demigods were confident of stopping them. Just like how Shi Yu and Emperor Wu were confident of stopping Yun An when they joined forces.

Unfortunately, according to what he understood from President Lin, apart from Dong Huang and Shen Feng, the other factions temporarily didn’t have very strong thoughts about facing the Yun Race and the Abyss.

Shen Feng had taken a fancy to the status value and research value brought by the hunting invading faction. Dong Huang was about the same.

As for the other five countries, it was very rare for them to have the ability to turn battle results into benefits. The risk was greater than the benefits.

The Mythical Era was about to revive. Legendary and demigods were the existences with the greatest hope of breaking through to the Mythical stage. At this critical moment, taking a huge risk to have a demigod battle, only the two largest countries, Shen Feng and Dong Huang, had this confidence.

As for the other factions, it was precisely because they knew that humans still had the confidence to resist demigods that most of them were watching the commotion according to President Lin.

They wanted to see if the Human Alliance had the ability to deal with the invaders and use this to consume the power of humans, they had no real intention of helping.

Even the Endless Sea and the Ghost Sea, the two demigods who were the first to respond to the Blue Sea Sprite, had no intention of directly attacking. They only provided some help.

Most factions were at most watching with support, worried that they would attract the fire, including Shen Feng. They suddenly had the intention to see Dong Huang and the invaders both suffer. After all, there was another demigod. The situation was completely different.

When the two demigods joined forces, Shen Feng immediately became afraid again. He was worried that if he hunted them, the sacrifice would be too great, and the losses and benefits would not be proportional. He was also worried that when there were losses, Dong Huang would take the opportunity to rise.

On the contrary, if Dong Huang went up himself, Dong Huang would definitely suffer a huge blow. This was an excellent opportunity to overtake.

Now that the public opinion of the entire Blue Planet Alliance was pressing on Dong Huang, Dong Huang had no choice but to attack. As long as Dong Huang didn’t work hard, it would lose the right to speak in the Alliance to a certain extent.

The Blue Star Alliance seemed to be huge, but once they really encountered something, their hearts immediately scattered.

Just one more demigod enemy immediately made the various factions on Blue Planet lose their unity. Shi Yu was actually not surprised by this. After all, according to the surviving gods, even in the Mythical Era, Blue Planet creatures had never been united.

There were people who left Blue Planet, those who surrendered, and those who resisted. If it weren’t for the fact that Blue Planet had enough powerful divine-level battle power, if it weren’t for the fact that the three invading factions weren’t united and had conflicts with each other, this battle would have been completely difficult.

At this moment, although he was facing the provocation of Yun An and the Abyss half-god, Shi Yu still endured it and continued cultivating.

After searching around, he didn’t find any traces of Yun An and the others. He confirmed that they had hidden deeper.

However, Shi Yu made an unexpected discovery on an isolated island. He discovered a Mythical Ruins that resonated with the spatial key he had obtained from the Time Emperor Ruins that could open the ruins.

This made Shi Yu understand that the key to the ruins left behind by Emperor Shi could only open this Mythical Ruins.

The mystery of Emperor Shi’s disappearance might be here.

Unfortunately, at this moment, he didn’t have the extra energy to explore this ruin.

He was still not strong enough.

Shi Yu originally thought that he already had pretty good strength to be able to fight Emperor Wu 40-60, but now, he understood that it was still not enough. After all, even Emperor Wu couldn’t protect only Dong Huang under the threat of Yun An alone.

“Instead of believing that an intelligent civilization can completely unite to fight the enemy, it’s better to pursue extreme personal strength.” Shi Yu went into seclusion to cultivate again. It wasn’t completely personal strength. At least contracted pets like Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, Susu, Chi Tong, and Ling could be completely relied on.

As expected, Beast Tamers should just follow their pets.

….

“Hahahahaha, this power… Not bad, not bad.”

In the deep sea alternate space, the metal Elemental life form that looked like a camel, Yun An, was devouring a large number of pollution sources under the gaze of an abyss water elemental life form that looked like a sea frog.

Sensing the power that was quickly becoming stronger, Yun An’s heart burned.