Chapter 1158 - 1158 Breaking Through To Level 8 Beast Tamer (5)

1158 Breaking Through to Level 8 Beast Tamer (5)

As long as he endured until the Blue Sea Sprite grew to the peak and became the strongest demigod, these two abyss demigods could be dealt with. After thinking about it, as long as Dong Huang’s homeland wasn’t threatened, this was the best method Dong Huang could choose.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

…

In the Blue Sea Ruins, Shi Yu was cultivating and did not stop receiving information from the outside world.

President Lin, Divine Source Legendary, and the others’ suggestion was to tolerate it for a while. In a year or two, when Shi Yu grew to the Legendary level, the Blue Sea Sprite would completely receive the inheritance of the Blue Sea Ruins and grow to a peak demigod before dealing with the opponent.

However, Shi Yu felt that it didn’t have to be so long. He couldn’t afford to wait that long. After all, Susu had always been in a low mood. Shi Yu didn’t want Susu to be unhappy forever.

These two days of meditation might have been affected by many aspects, such as the revival of laws, the evolution of Little Ji and the Duck God. Shi Yu’s cultivation efficiency was extremely high. Finally, seven months after he broke through to the legend level, the level of his Beast Taming Space completely loosened.

Buzz.

In the Blue Sea Ruins, Shi Yu and the other pets who were comprehending the power of the natural order looked up one after another and sensed the change in the Beast Taming Space. A red spatial crystal wall suddenly appeared in Shi Yu’s huge first Beast Taming Space before quickly disappearing.

“Testing, testing…” Ling quickly flew up.

“Wuu!!” “Wu!!” “Yi!!” The three brothers were overjoyed.

“Mi!!” “Ning!!” The plastic sisters immediately felt that their bottleneck had loosened a little, not being suppressed by the Beast Taming Space.

“Hu.” In the Blue Sea Ruins, spatial ripples rippled. Shi Yu opened his eyes, and a red light similar to a spatial crystal wall flashed in his eyes.

“Level eight.” The moment Shi Yu broke through to level eight, many new changes occurred in the Skill Index.

Unfortunately, it wasn’t a big update like the fusion of teaching methods and skills. It was just that because of his breakthrough, his physique was strengthened again, and the risk of teaching quasi-divine skills was all reduced.

The success rate of fusing some Skills was also higher.

The difficulty of adding points to super Skills also decreased.

“This power…” Shi Yu couldn’t be bothered to experience the physical strength and mental strength that could kill an overlord with this punch. He only quickly looked at Ling.

“Ling, is the analysis completed?”

“It’s completed. With the strength of your current number one Beast Taming Space and physique, you can support contracting a demigod and a non- demigod totem.”

For ordinary level-seven and level-eight Beast Tamers, unless their Beast Taming Talent was special, it was difficult to contract an ordinary totem-level creature.

Even if they had special talent and could contract it, with the situation of their Beast Taming Space, they could only contract one totem at most. It was very difficult to bear a second pet.

As this totem became stronger and stronger, and the demand for growth components became higher and higher, the pressure on Beast Tamers would also be greater.

However, this situation was completely broken by Shi Yu.

Because he had reached the physical limit at every level, in addition to eating three divine-level resources to strengthen himself and the super strengthening blessing of the World Tree, he had also obtained the feedback of many powerful pets, including the Son of the Stars and the Time Sprite. He was long inhuman.

He had just broken through to level eight. According to Ling’s detection, his current state could actually contract a demigod and a totem.

What did this mean?

In other words, Shi Yu wouldn’t feel any pressure if Eleven, Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong, Ling, Little Ji, Duckie, and Qi, these Mythical Races, immediately broke through to the totem level.

As long as they broke through to the totem level, they would have demigod-level battle power, which was the so-called demigod life form.

Apart from that, life forms like Buggy and Susu who had yet to master quasi-divine skills had a lower burden on Beast Tamers because they weren’t suppressed by the world laws after breaking through to the totem level, which was the non- demigod totem life form Ling mentioned.

However, in fact, they looked like normal totems that might be divine skills, but because of the enhancement of the power of faith, after breaking through, they were definitely not much different from demigods.

Therefore, in other words, Shi Yu could completely choose two pets to let them break through to the totem level.

And this was only because he had just broken through. Shi Yu felt that when he trained his physique to the peak of level eight and his second Beast Taming Space broke through to level eight, his body control talent would also advance. He felt that perhaps he could slowly let all his pets reach the totem level without waiting to break through to level nine.

When he reached level nine, he might be able to become a whole team of demigods.

At this moment, Shi Yu clenched his fists and looked at Eleven and the others. “I plan to give Eleven and Susu two breakthrough opportunities. What do you think?”

“Wu!!” “Yi!” “Mi…” Buggy, Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong, and the others looked at each other. Although they felt that it was a pity, it was nothing. This was the best choice. They had all expected it.

Next, if nothing went wrong, they would have to fight Yun An and the Abyss Demon Frog.

Eleven’s Yin Yang Millstone countered 99% of quasi-divine skills, including the power of the abyss and the power of the Yun Race. Susu’s cleansing power was the power that countered the power of the abyss the most in the team. If they became stronger, the subsequent battles could also be easier.

“Wuu!!!” Panda King Eleven had waited for this day for god knows how long. It was as excited as a multiplied panda, indicating to Shi Yu and Susu that after breaking through, no matter what opponent it was, it could leave it to it.

After it became a demigod, it would definitely be able to suppress all enemies!

“Ning, Ning!!” When Susu heard that it had a share in breaking through, it was immediately excited to the extreme. The slime’s body jumped. Although its Blue Sea Contract and Sea Cleansing Spirit were only transcendent after breaking through and couldn’t immediately reach the level of a quasi-divine skill, they could also have an extraordinary increase compared to the current perfect extreme.

At that time, with Infinite Devour, creating a demigod-level Sea Cleansing Spirit in the ocean would probably take less than a day. It was not very different from reaching the demigod level.

The totem level was already extremely close to its peak.

“Then prepare to break through…” Shi Yu called Eleven and Susu.

Their super Race Skills were all (Perfect+47) and were long on the verge of breaking through.

Just a little more…

Just as Shi Yu and the others were preparing to break through and were about to enter the peak battle power of Blue Planet, Yun An and the Abyss Demon Frog appeared again.

The seven countries captured them relatively quickly this time. As the terrifying explosion that contained various powers rose, the entire Blue Planet shook, shocking the totems and demigods.

The world was silent. This time… the seven countries quickly and accurately locked onto the Abyss demigod? The forbidden Arms of the Seven Nation Alliance were fired and hit so quickly. What was the outcome?

Countless top-notch experts paid attention to the location of the forbidden explosion. This time, Dong Huang provided a divine forbidden-type forbidden-type Arms, Shen Feng provided a divine forbidden-type forbidden-type Arms, and the other countries provided a top-notch forbidden-type Arms. A total of seven forbidden-type Arms formed a series of explosions, shocking the world.

However, when the forbidden wave dissipated, the scene shocked everyone.

“Damn it, they’re fishing. They’re trying to see if they can resist the divine forbidden Arms, and they succeeded.”

Back then, the divine forbidden Arms that successfully killed demigods in the last totem battle didn’t successfully kill two demigods this time. They were still alive and appeared from the depths of the ocean again. Moreover, their forms had changed drastically. It was unimaginable.

Yun An and the Abyss Demon Frog completed their evolution again on the basis of a nearly perfect demigod-level divine-level race, successfully blocking a round of forbidden attacks from the Seven Nation Alliance.

They were originally considered strong among demigods, far from what demigods killed by humans with forbidden Arms could compare to. And now, they were clearly stronger.

For the first time, the final killing move of the Mechanic class failed. Many Mechanics of the seven countries’ faces were pale. They couldn’t accept this outcome. Even divine forbidden-type forbidden Arms weren’t working, so what else could kill them? The various totem countries were also very silent. The forbidden Arms couldn’t kill them? Now, let’s see what the legendaries of the seven countries did.