Chapter 1153 - 1153 Abyss Attack (3)

1153 Abyss Attack (3)

“The Alliance Island will activate the highest protective facilities. At least, this place will be the safest next. If you kill Yun An’s subordinates, its revenge will definitely not stop, but will be even fiercer,” Legendary Wexy said.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“There’s no need to trouble Legendary Wexy,” Shi Yu said. “Yun An wants to kill me, and I also want to kill Yun An. Next, I’ll take the initiative to attack and hunt Yun An.”

“What?” Legendary Wexy was extremely stunned. The other countries were also extremely stunned.

Shi Yu actually said that he wanted to hunt demigods?

The world already knew that Yun An had once forced Emperor of Dong Huang to death and hunted the Heavenly Sword half-god. It could be said that Yun An was an extremely ferocious half-god.

In addition, it was an invading race. It could be said to have a reputation like a demon god.

Even the totem-level sacrificial soldiers he created were so threatening, and his main body was still so careful. He was simply Blue Planet’s greatest worry at the moment.

The power Shi Yu displayed just now was indeed terrifying, but don’t tell them that the current Shi Yu already had the ability to kill demigods! Why was this guy so confident?

After all, even legendary and demigod-level battle power could only resist, defeat, and not kill demigods.

It was too difficult to kill demigods, especially elemental demigods like Yun An, who had clearly studied forbidden weapons of humans. There were very few divine forbidden weapons that could counter the other party. Even if they used divine forbidden weapons, they might not necessarily be able to easily defeat the other party. Even if Legendary Wexy himself wanted to deal with Yun An, he planned to use the power of forbidden weapons.

“Dong Huang won’t let Yun An off.” At this moment, President Lin also walked out and said, “There’s no need to trouble Legendary Wexy. Finding Yun An is very important. I don’t think we should waste time here next.”

“…Then let’s work hard together.” Legendary Wexy’s eyelids twitched again as he looked at President Lin.

He had almost forgotten that behind Shi Yu was also a superpower.

Everyone’s conversation ended here. Shi Yu turned and left with President Lin.

President Lin said, “What were you talking about just now? You want to take the initiative to find Yun An??”

President Lin admitted that Shi Yu’s battle power just now shocked him very much, but wasn’t it still too difficult to take the initiative to find Yun An?

Unless there was Divine Source Legendary and the Dragon God together. It was worth a try.

Shi Yu: “President Lin, hurry up the investigation of the Dong Huang border first to prevent Yun An from flying into a rage out of humiliation and using Dong Huang as an attack target.”

“Although attacking Dong Huang directly without any targeting is not beneficial to Yun An at all, considering that its emotions might not necessarily be stable after this loss, you have to be careful.”

“It’s best to wake Senior Divine Source up from its sleep for a period of time. With its protection, Dong Huang will be foolproof,” Shi Yu said.

President Lin said, “The methods of the Yun Race this time are indeed extraordinary. They actually dodged the detection of the Alliance Island and hid from everyone present. If it really wants to take revenge and can use similar methods, the seven countries probably can’t afford such a battle of attrition.”

No country could maintain the highest level of defense at all times. The consumption of resources was too high.

“My problem, don’t worry. My battle power is far more than that. Yun An won’t live long. Go and awaken the Divine Source Legendary and find the Dragon God. I’ll see if I can use the three undead that contain Yun An’s power to track Yun An’s specific coordinates. If it succeeds, we have to counterattack immediately.”

“At least, we can’t let Yun An fall into the hands of other countries. It has very high research value. It’s an important channel for Dong Huang to understand outer space. It has to take the lead,” Shi Yu said.

“In short, give me a week to take a look. I want to search Blue Planet carpet-style and cooperate with Ling and Chi Tong to find Yun An’s traces.”

President Lin was stunned. “Tell me, it’s only been half a year. How much has your strength increased?”

Shi Yu smiled. “It won’t be weaker than ordinary new Legendarys. It might not be comparable to Emperor Wu at his peak, but with Susu and the Blue Sea Ruins, Yun An is no threat to me.”

“Moreover…”

Shi Yu looked at President Lin and said, “I want to enter seclusion while my pets help search for Yun An and try to break through to level eight. If I succeed, I think I can really have legendary battle power.”

….

Then, the seven countries mobilized together.

The Alliance Meeting ended and a global arrest warrant was issued for the Yun clan. This arrest warrant was not only for the Beast Tamers of the seven countries, but also for some demigods of the totem country.

After all, Yun An was an invading race. Firstly, it was to warn the other totem countries not to take Yun An in. Secondly, it hoped that the other party could clear its position and stand on the big side of Blue Planet to share information with the prototype Blue Planet Alliance.

At this moment, Shi Yu was also in seclusion and meditating in the Blue Sea Ruins. Ling’s clone began to circle Blue Planet and cooperate with technological methods to search for Yun An as much as possible.

In the end, not long after Shi Yu cultivated, Ling sent news.

A totem faction ignored the warnings of the seven countries and reached a cooperation with Yun An!

However, this faction was not a native faction of Blue Planet.

The power of the Abyss Sea reappeared! An ancient Abyss half-god revived and seemed to have formed a cooperative relationship with Yun An!!

The two demigods joined forces and destroyed a small sea totem country together. Including humans and other lives, tens of millions of lives died overnight, and the world trembled.