Chapter 1152 - 1152 Abyss Attack (2)

1152 Abyss Attack (2)

No, or rather, it could both kill Shi Yu and destroy the establishment of the Blue Planet Alliance. This attack killed two birds with one stone.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Legend Shi Yu, how did you discover them?” Legendary Wexy quickly descended beside Shi Yu.

Around Shi Yu, including the Light Pope and the Angel God, a group of experts felt a lingering fear.

They weren’t afraid of facing the totems head-on, but if the three totems really succeeded and launched a self-destruction sneak attack, even they would find it very troublesome.

Moreover, the Alliance Island would definitely suffer huge losses.

Shi Yu in front of him…

Everyone was shocked. It was actually so ridiculously strong. Not only was its perception shocking, but it also killed totems like chickens.

The three totems just now even used an explosive Skill before self-destructing. The surrounding energy fluctuations approached the peak of a top-notch totem. Such surging energy would explode any Beast Tamer below the Legendary and demigod level, but such a terrifying power fluctuation was instantly suppressed and obliterated by the sword formation.

Looking at Shi Yu, who had retracted his sword spirit, they simply looked at him as if they were looking at a monster.

“Danger perception.” Shi Yu looked at Legendary Wexy and said, “The other party’s killing intent is very strong.”

“But they carry hidden divine-level tools. It’s indeed difficult to find.”

Legendary Wexy’s expression turned cold. “No matter what, I have to thank you this time. If it weren’t for you, the Alliance Island would definitely have been heavily injured.”

Legendary Wexy said, “You just said that it’s in another hemisphere. Do you know its location? Do you have any other information?”

“This guy is arrogant enough to attack the Alliance. We have to make it pay a heavy price.”

“I killed the soul of the other party’s totem and saw some memories. Yun An’s main body isn’t nearby, but very far away. It’s probably already very difficult to find the other party now,” Shi Yu said.

“No matter what, I hope that legend Shi Yu can provide the coordinates of Yun An that you know,” Legendary Wexy said.

“I didn’t protect it well this time. I’ll seek justice for Sir Shi Yu.”

“This Yun An deserves to die.” The titled legends of the various countries expressed their views. No matter what, Yun An had indeed threatened their life interests this time.

Regarding this cosmic monster that came from outer space and forced Emperor Dong Huang to death, they also wanted to get rid of it very much now. At the same time, they also wanted to capture and study it. From the looks of it, this Yun An contained a big secret.

It was a very good way to understand outer space. They couldn’t be absent from the battle to hunt Yun An.

“Legend Shi Yu, we need its information,” President Logan and the others said.

Even the Angel God of Glory felt that they should capture this creature of the Abyss Race alive and see what mission it had to descend to Blue Planet 10,000 years ago.

“Sure.” Seeing this, Shi Yu naturally had no problem saying. However, he didn’t think that the other party could successfully find Yun An. If the current Yun An still stayed on the spot, it would be really stupid.

“Thank you. In addition, according to what I know, Yun An has a bounty on you and issued a must-kill order, right?”

“Next, I hope Sir Shi Yu can stay on Alliance Island. I’ll give Sir Shi Yu the highest level of protection,” Legendary Wexy said.

“Protect me?” Shi Yu looked at Legendary Wexy and looked at him playfully. “Really?”

If they could protect him, where would they have gone just now?

Legendary Wexy choked. He wanted to keep Shi Yu mainly because he wanted to use Shi Yu as bait to attract Yun An to Alliance Island, but when Shi Yu said that, he was immediately speechless.

From the battle performance just now, this Shi Yu had completely exceeded the level of “legend”. Legends, including Normal legends and Titled legends.

Even if it was him, if he could know in advance about the Yun clan’s attack and whether he could do as well as Shi Yu just now, Legendary Wexy wasn’t very confident.

But no matter what, he couldn’t let Yun An continue. Firstly, Yun An’s power was very special. He could actually modify so many special totems. It was very attractive to Legendary Wexy and Shen Feng, who were expert creatures.

The second thing was that Yun An actually dared to provoke him. Legendary Wexy’s appearance at the Alliance Meeting was also the will of the Shen Feng Nation. As a new Legendary and a legend who had the blessings of the World Tree, in theory, he was the most suitable existence to become the savior of Blue Planet recognized by the current World Tree.

Shen Feng wanted to use Legendary Wexy to fight for the right to speak in the Blue Planet Alliance.

Although Shen Feng took a fancy to the outcome of this Alliance Meeting, she didn’t take a fancy to it that much. Most importantly, it was still Wexy Legendary’s identity and strength.

However, Shen Feng never expected that not only would Legendary Wexy be slapped in the face by the invading faction during the Alliance Meeting, but he would also let Shi Yu, the later Blesser of the World Tree, show off.

This was very disadvantageous to Shen Feng’s vision of obtaining the dominance of the Alliance.

If Legendary Wexy wanted to regain his image as a leader, he had to deal with this attack appropriately. It was best if he personally captured or killed Yun An.

Ever since he advanced to the Legendary level, he had never fought a demigod. Although the Yun clan attack this time was troublesome, Legendary Wexy also realized that it was an opportunity.

As long as he could kill this invading demigod, his reputation as a savior would be even more confirmed.

However, from the looks of it, Shi Yu didn’t plan to cooperate with him. Legendary Wexy’s eyelids twitched as he looked at the young man in front of him who made him feel threatened.