Chapter 1154 - 1154 Breaking Through To Level 8 Beast Tamer

1154 Breaking Through to Level 8 Beast Tamer

Wave Nation.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

On the sea totem island.

The level of human civilization inside was not high. There were only scattered Hordes, even inferior to the Heavenly Sword Nation.

However, there were still tens of millions of transcendent lives living on it, involving various races.

Overnight, the Wave Nation was destroyed. Death aura enveloped the sky and shot into the stars, shocking the world. President Lin was furious.

This was because the Wave Nation was the first batch of totem factions to respond to Dong Huang and establish the Blue Planet Alliance.

Their totem guardians, like the Endless Sea and the Ghost Sea, trusted the Blue Sea Sprite more.

In the end, before they could enjoy the protection of the Blue Star Alliance, they encountered a huge crisis.

Many countries rushed to the scene to take a look and discovered that the Wave Nation and the surrounding sea area had already turned into a plague death ground. The virus radiation made this place a forbidden zone for life.

Shi Yu was also searching for Yun An’s location all over the world. When he received the news, he came to the sky above the Wave Nation with Ling and the others and looked at the dead island in silence.

The situation here was even more dangerous than the Undying Dark Phoenix’s Undead Battlefield. If weak creatures came into contact with it, they would probably instantly become Metamorphosis, so it was immediately set as a forbidden area by the Alliance.

This remnant power was extremely similar to the sign of the appearance of the Abyss Sea.

According to the speculation of the Alliance’s Astrologer Master, according to the results of the field inspection, the destruction of the country this time was suspected to be the reappearance of the laws of the Abyss Sea’s Elder Gu half-god, who had reached a cooperation with Yun An.

Unfortunately, these two demigods appeared and disappeared quickly. After devouring the creatures of the Wave Nation, they left behind a sentence and immediately disappeared.

“Blue Planet Alliance, hand over Shi Yu and the Blue Sea Sprite.”

“Otherwise, this is only the beginning.”

This time, they weren’t just here to target Shi Yu.

At the same time, a single action made the Blue Planet Alliance, which had just formed, even more dangerous.

Now, many small totem countries were in danger. Like the Wave Nation, many small totem factions that responded to the seven human countries to establish the Blue Planet Alliance were extremely afraid. They suspected that Yun An had failed in ambushing the Alliance Island and assassinating Shi Yu. They didn’t dare to directly attack the big countries. Next, they wanted to take revenge on the small factions that had joined the Alliance!

This country-destroying action directly created a huge obstacle to the plan of the Seven Nation Alliance to establish the Blue Planet Alliance.

After all, providing material and labor resources to the Alliance in exchange for the support, protection, and opportunity for peaceful development was the original intention of the Alliance.

In the end, before it even started operating, a weak country was destroyed by an extraterrestrial faction, immediately pushing the Blue Planet Alliance to an awkward position. If the Blue Planet Alliance couldn’t deal with Yun An and the Abyss Sea in the short term, the establishment of the Blue Planet Alliance would probably completely fail.

The rulers of the seven countries instantly felt a headache, especially Legendary Wexy, who wanted to compete for the position of president of the Blue Planet Alliance. He was so angry that he gritted his teeth.

As for the request of the two Abyss demigods, it was naturally impossible for the Alliance to agree. Without Shi Yu, it would be gone. Without the Blue Sea Sprite, when the Abyss completely made a comeback, who would cleanse it?

“These two guys are courting death.”

In the sky above Wave Island, Shi Yu’s expression was unfriendly. It was fine if it directly attacked him, but it actually used this method to force him and Susu to submit. If this Yun An didn’t let it become a renewable resource for 100 million years, it would be difficult to relieve the hatred in Shi Yu’s heart.

“Ning, Ning!!” Of course, Susu was also angry, feeling very angry.

“Quack!!!” Duckie was also in so much pain that it wanted to die.

On the deck of the aerial battleship, Duckie hugged its head and howled. It realized that the abyss inheritance had been beaten to it.

The Abyss Sea inheritance was also passed down from the Mythical Era. It was left behind by the Abyss Evil God. Its characteristic was that it appeared randomly and was very difficult to completely destroy.

Every time it revived, thousands of pollution sources would appear in various places in the ocean. The creatures who came into contact with the pollution sources had all received the inheritance of the abyss.

There were strong and weak sources of pollution. The strong ones could pollute totems. It could be said that the moment they appeared, they would dye the sea with blood. Among the demons who accepted the inheritance, the first to grow to a demigod was the new Abyss Sea Leader.

This Leader could find the true inheritance land of the Abyss Sea and obtain the super-divine-level resource, the Eye of the Evil God. The Abyss half-god with the Eye of the Evil God would be stronger and could control all pollution sources to expand his faction faster.

Apart from that, the Eye of the Evil God had many magical uses. For example, transforming ordinary creatures into the Abyss Race, or devouring other lives to transform their life force into a pollution source. The pollution source was also the core power of the Abyss Race.

It could be said that this was the key that the Abyss Sea could always be passed down. Even the Blue Sea Sprite couldn’t cleanse the Evil God’s Eye. Every time the Abyss half-god died, the Evil Eye would disappear on its own and be born in a certain place.

Duckie originally wanted to wait until it broke through to the totem level and became a demigod to take over the Eye of the Evil God. In the end, where did this so-called Elder Gu Abyss half-god come from? It was so angry.

“Ning!” In short, Susu couldn’t wait to kill these two guys related to the power of the abyss immediately.

If not for Shi Yu stopping it, it would have already gone.

“We can’t be rash. The other party still dares to be so arrogant even though he’s wanted by the entire Blue Planet. He must have something to rely on,” Ling said.

“It’s not good news at all for Yun An and the unknown Abyss Sea demigod to join forces.”

“The Eye of the Evil God is an inheritance left behind by the Abyss Evil God in the Mythical Era. The Abyss Sea demigods are native abyss creatures that have accepted the Abyss inheritance, while Yun An is an extraterrestrial abyss creature from outer space that’s of the same race as the Abyss Evil God. They ignored the risk of stimulating the Blue Planet Alliance even more and started to devour creatures wantonly. They must be plotting some greater ambition.”