Chapter 1150 - 1150 Don'T Think About Leaving Since You'Re Here (5)

1150 Don’t Think About Leaving Since You’re Here (5)

“What?”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

What did Shi Yu do?

Everyone suddenly looked at Shi Yu, who was in the center of the domain.

He held the sword spirit and said extremely calmly,

“Did I let you die?”

“Go.”

The sword in Shi Yu’s hand shot out like a thunderclap. The sword light swayed and kept expanding. In the blink of an eye, it turned into four sword projections that hung in the sky. The four swords, Immortal Slaying, Immortal Extermination, and Immortal Trap, appeared around the three Yun clan assassins. The Immortal Slaying Sword Formation immediately formed.

Buzz!!!

At this moment, it was as if the world had trembled, and an incomparably deep sound of laws appeared. The spatial power and natural power in the domain were all suppressed again.

The air buzzed and vibrated, and the Void was pierced. The sound of laws was like the cry of a sword, like a peerless divine sword about to be unsheathed and slaughter the world.

“Quasi-divine skill!” Countless experts were shocked. That sword spirit had also evolved into a Mythical Race? It was f*cking ridiculous, even stronger than its predecessor?

“Wu!!!” Before anyone could react, in the next moment, extremely terrifying mixed sword intent broke out of the four immortal swords and penetrated space. Like dazzling light needles, they intertwined on the three huge totems, making indescribable wails come from their bodies.

“Yun An, you’re courting death.” Shi Yu’s words seemed to be talking to someone. Boom!!

Space distorted and shattered. The entire sky seemed to have turned into a world of swords. Countless sword shadows leaped, forming tens of thousands of divine swords that hung in the sky, causing the sword fluctuations here to shake the sky and earth.

Even reincarnation gods like the Angel God and the Giant God felt the power of the sword intent, and their pupils constricted at the same time, their hearts trembling.

Through Shi Yu’s mental resonance, the sword that sacrificed the two totem-level scapegoats already had the initial qualifications to hurt demigods. It was almost a crushing power for anyone below the demigod level.

This power… stunned the angel god and giant god, who were still confident of fighting Shi Yu just now.

He felt that the strengthening strength of the level-eight Beast Tamer he contracted was not even half as terrifying as these two guys’ fusion.

Was this really a post-deity race and a level-seven human? In an instant, they thought this was bullshit.

Under the illumination of the sword light, the bodies of the three Yun clan totems were instantly sliced into black blood mist that filled the sky under everyone’s stunned expressions. Then, even the blood mist was obliterated by the sword intent and was directly slashed into incomplete corpses, leaving behind souls that were still wailing. They were swallowed into the endless sword world, extremely miserable.

[Shi Yu, you’re courting death!!!] In the endless distance, cracks suddenly appeared on Yun An’s body. He widened his eyes and erupted in anger again.

Why, why, why! Wu wu wu wu wu wu!!

This damn human!!

“I have to get rid of Yun An as soon as possible.” At the same time, Shi Yu felt a crisis.

He felt that Yun An probably wouldn’t let the matter rest.

And now, after Shi Yu’s battle, not only did he not consume the scapegoat, but he also obtained another one. He couldn’t help but be a little happy.

In less than a minute, Shi Yu successfully defeated the three invasion totems. He raised his hand, and the sword light in the sky flashed. The sword spirit returned to Shi Yu’s hand.

On Alliance Island, countless people had yet to react. They seemed to have recovered their calm, but in everyone’s hearts, including the new Legendary, Legendary Wexy, their hearts instantly rolled right on the heels of the heels.

He looked at Shi Yu in the arena.

What… Did he do? Everyone admitted that they were shocked just now, but not only did Shi Yu calmly use some unknown method to restrict the other party’s self-destruction, but he also instantly insta-killed three totems?!

The destructive power of that Skill… Everyone’s pupils constricted. When they recalled it, their Spirit felt like it was being pricked by needles.

Shi Yu said, “The invader, one of the three invading races of the Mythical Era, the totem half-god of the Abyss Race, Yun An. Those were just totem death warriors under it.”

“Apart from personal grudges, it looks like the other party doesn’t want to see Blue Planet’s factions successfully form an alliance.”

“But now, there shouldn’t be any threat.”

Damn, Yun An hid far enough. Shi Yu couldn’t help but complain about Yun An’s guts in his heart. However, with the three undead just now, he should be able to continue locking onto Yun An.

“Do you still want to continue the battle?” The red-haired and red-eyed Shi Yu looked at the Rongguang Pope and the Angel God opposite him. At this moment, the Angel God’s eyes were still reflecting the sword light just now. Its pupils continued to constrict. What a joke!

The current it didn’t understand why Shi Yu, who was in the state of the Sword Spirit Possession, had strength almost comparable to a demigod.

Didn’t this guy feel any burden from the terrifying attack just now?!!

At that moment, everyone saw what was going on clearly. Three totem-level beasts from outer space attacked Alliance Island. Shi Yu… insta-killed three totems that had erupted to the extreme with a sword move!!

It wasn’t just the presidents of the various associations who had incomprehensible thoughts. There was also the new Legendary, Legendary Wexy, and even President Lin, who was stunned on the spot.

At this moment, the corners of President Lin’s mouth twitched incomparably. When Shi Yu told him that he was in danger just now, he was indeed shocked, but now, he was also shocked. What was wrong with this sword spirit’s skill? Why was it so powerful!!

Boom!!!

At this moment, opposite Shi Yu, the angel god Frostus couldn’t help but erupt with powerful energy. “Why is there an abyssal faction invading?”

“Those three totems just now were sent by a guy named Yun An, right?” It looked at the Rongguang Pope.

“Now is not the time to hold any Alliance Meeting. Hurry up and mobilize everyone to find that Yun An. It must not be far away.”

It wasn’t afraid, but there were priorities.

“Yes!!” The Rongguang Pope had only just recovered from the shock of the suicide self-destruction attack of the three totems. It could be said that every life present instantly sensed the same danger as Shi Yu.

They were extremely afraid now.

Especially Legendary Wexy. After the lingering fear, he was even more furious. That Yun An actually dared to invade while he was presiding over the Alliance Island.

What nonsense Alliance Meeting was this? How could it continue smoothly at this time?

This was Yun An’s provocation to him. After advancing to the Legendary level, he had never defeated a demigod. He wanted this Yun An.

Legendary Wex Yi aimed at the black cell phone and said, “Inform the seven countries. I’m very sorry. An unexpected situation occurred at the Alliance Meeting. From now on, the Alliance Meeting is temporarily suspended. At the same time, I’m issuing a wanted order to the world to hunt the Yun Race. There’s no restriction on life and death.”

Many people were still trapped in the attack just now. After constantly grunting, they suddenly realized that Shi Yu had done many terrifying things.

Especially on Dong Huang’s side, Ji Mengzhu, who was watching the live broadcast, was already stunned.

Was the Yun Race totem that easy to kill?

“What’s wrong with this kid?” No matter how slow the experts of the various countries present were, they could sense that Shi Yu had resolved a shocking crisis just now. Not only did he resolve it, but he was the first to discover it.

That move just now directly made Logan, Ashaya, President Monkalov, and the others realize how terrifying Shi Yu was. Was this guy a monster? How could his growth speed be so ridiculous? It had only been half a year, but he already had strength comparable to a demigod!!

Even Legendary Wexy was filled with fear towards Shi Yu in this state. As a Legendary and the Blesser of the World Tree, he should have been the most orthodox savior of Blue Planet, but what was going on with this Shi Yu!

In short, what was the point of fighting? It could be said that the Beast Tamers representing the few countries didn’t want to fight Shi Yu in that state at all.

Alliance Meeting, stop, stop! The most important thing was to completely eliminate the threat first!

“Do you want to hunt Yun An?” At this moment, Shi Yu saw that the angel god had decisively stopped fighting. Seeing that Legendary Wexy immediately wanted Yun An out of fear and even stopped the Alliance Meeting, he couldn’t help but leave his possession form.

“When I was detaining the souls of the three death warriors just now, I learned that that guy is in another hemisphere. It might not be easy to catch him now.”

Then, he looked at the silent President Lin in the distance. It meant that the Alliance Meeting was stopped by all parties together. It wasn’t caused by him. He already wanted to compete seriously, but from the looks of it, the various countries didn’t want to fight anymore. They all wanted to hunt Yun An?

We can’t let them succeed. We have to hurry.

“You…”

The corners of President Lin’s mouth twitched as he looked at the innocent-looking Shi Yu. The other countries instantly didn’t want to fight the Alliance Meeting. Didn’t he know why?