Chapter 1157 - 1157 Breaking Through To Level 8 Beast Tamer (4)

1157 Breaking Through to Level 8 Beast Tamer (4)

Stealing the crystal of human intelligence should be the most successful.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

In short, after they evolved again, three to four demigods wouldn’t be able to hold them down. At that time, they would indeed not be afraid of any opponent.

….

Three days later.

Yun An and the Abyss Demon Frog appeared in a small totem country on the sea that responded to the Blue Planet Alliance again and devoured transcendent lives indiscriminately.

The countries were already more wary of these two abyss demigods, but unfortunately, they were really helpless in the short term against these two demigods.

To hold them down, there had to be at least four demigods. It was extremely difficult to let the four demigods/Legendary patrol the place where they attacked.

The technological devices of the Seven Nation Alliance were the first to detect their appearance, but they were helpless. Just as Dong Huang’s forbidden Arms locked onto them and before they could fire, the two demigods disappeared without a trace and hid in the ocean.

Ever since the power of humans’ forbidden Arms was known, there were indeed very few totems who fought head-on with forbidden Arms like when Mechanics were first developed.

“Damn guy.” Many members of the Blue Planet Alliance were furious.

The eight Legendarys of the Blue Planet Alliance had come out of seclusion and awakened, but they had never reached a unified opinion on killing the Abyssal Race demigod.

The eight Legendarys of the Blue Planet Alliance had come out of seclusion and awakened, but they had never reached a unified opinion on killing the Abyssal Race demigod.

Even if the Blue Sea Sprite Reincarnation reached its peak, like the Ming Hua Ghost God who had modified itself into an anomaly in order to extend its lifespan, Legendary Z and the others were very unwilling to directly fight to the death.

After all, in their state, even if they had cleansing methods, as long as they were polluted by the power of the abyss, whether they could last until they were cleansed was another matter.

The weak totem countries that responded to the Blue Planet Alliance also told the Blue Planet Alliance to quickly deal with the abyss invaders.

The demigods of the large totem factions were watching the commotion. Some gods who had awakened their memories and reached the demigod level and had the ability to fight were also watching the battle without any intention of attacking.

The former was also worried about being polluted and used by the Human Alliance. She wanted to use this opportunity to weaken the power of humans. At that time, even if they established some Blue Star Alliance to resist external enemies, humans wouldn’t be the only ones dominating.

The gods of the latter were relatively calm. They wanted to see what abilities the savior of Blue Planet, who was given high hopes by the World Tree, had.

In the eyes of the gods, what the two Abyss demigods were doing was still a small matter. The real Abyss Race was even more ferocious. If humans couldn’t even deal with them, even if the World Tree valued them and the Blue Planet’s Will favored them, it would be very difficult for them to believe in the abilities of humans.

From the perspective of a god, this was also a test for humans. If they couldn’t pass…

At that time, they wouldn’t listen to the request of the Blue Planet’s Will and treat humans equally.

At this moment, the Seven Nation Alliance also wanted to awaken the World Tree, but the World Tree had no intention of waking up from its sleep.

Everyone had their own considerations. At the moment, the only unified opinion of the Seven Nation Alliance was to use the stockpiles of forbidden Arms of the various countries to fight the two demigods.

After all, the one threatened was not the human faction itself, but the totem countries. Using forbidden Arms was already the limit. Legendarys didn’t want to do it themselves, but this wasn’t a long-term plan. The two Abyss half-gods had to be resolved in the end. The pressure of public opinion came to Dong Huang again.

The two abyss half-gods named Shi Yu and the Blue Sea Sprite, and both belonged to Dong Huang. Now, even Dong Huang didn’t want to risk its life. The various countries definitely wouldn’t rush to solve Dong Huang’s problem with all their might.

If Dong Huang couldn’t deal with the Abyss demigod, the ocean factions that responded to the Blue Sea Sprite would probably quickly withdraw.

“Originally, Shen Feng was the most anxious to kill Yun An. Now that the Abyss Demon Frog has appeared, they’re not in a hurry.” President Lin had been under a lot of pressure these few days.

Beside him, Divine Source Legendary, who looked like a small robot, said, “They’re very sensitive to forbidden Arms and very cautious. In the current situation, even if the Dragon God and I join forces, we probably won’t be able to deal with them. We’ll only cause Dong Huang’s vitality to be greatly injured. The various countries should be very happy to see us and them both suffer.”

“And we can’t really risk our lives to make Dong Huang fall into a weakened state because of this. Is the Blue Planet Alliance plan going to fail? It’s just the threat of two demigods.” Divine Source Legendary was annoyed.

If only Lin Feng was still around. Although this bastard didn’t suit his taste, he was the person Divine Source thought was the most suitable to replace him in charge of Dong Huang. In the end, he disappeared directly.

If Lin Feng was still around, the pressure on the Dragon God, him, Lin Feng, and Shi Yu to resist these two demigods would be much smaller. As long as they succeeded and didn’t suffer much losses, it would be as Shen Feng had expected. At that time, Dong Huang would occupy the highest position in the Blue Star Alliance and have the greatest right to speak, becoming an existence close to the alliance master.

Unfortunately…

“What’s the situation on Shi Yu’s side?” Divine Source Legendary asked.

“He’s still in seclusion.”

“Alright, as long as he’s not rash. I heard that the Blue Sea Sprite has a very stubborn temper. I’m just afraid that they’ll be rash,” Divine Source Legendary said. The Blue Star Alliance could be abandoned, and the totem allies could be abandoned, but nothing could happen to Shi Yu.

Alliances and allies were just tied together by benefits. It was far inferior to a super genius growing up being more important to Dong Huang.