Chapter 1151 - 1151 Abyss Attack

1151 Abyss Attack

Alliance Island was in chaos.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Although Shi Yu had already killed the three Yun clan totems that carried out the terrorist attack and knew that there were no longer any Yun clan totems around, from the perspective of others, he couldn’t relax at all.

Apart from Shi Yu, no one had discovered the attack just now. No one could guarantee that there wouldn’t be a second and third attack next. A huge hole had already appeared in the Alliance Island’s security system!

Legendary Wexy, who was currently presiding over the Alliance Island, immediately stopped the Alliance Meeting and let all the forces on the island strengthen their security to search for Yun An’s traces. This was the best choice to deal with the risks.

The audience of the various countries looked at the suddenly dark scene and looked at each other. As their hearts beat crazily, they realized that they might have seen a very impressive scene.

The Alliance Meeting, which was originally fine, had to be interrupted because of the attack. The information brought directly made the Beast Tamers of the various countries have an intense discussion.

[Did you hear that? These three guys don’t want to see the successful establishment of the Blue Star Alliance and come to cause trouble!]

[Although the presidents of the various countries have just finished introducing the reason for the destruction of the Mythical Era and the goal of the Blue Planet Alliance to resist the possible alien invasion civilization, I didn’t expect that they would be attacked by the remaining factions of the other party in the blink of an eye.]

The people in this world were quite accepting of extraterrestrial life forms. A long time ago, Blue Planet had already proven the existence of extraterrestrial life forms.

The threat of extraterrestrial life had always been a very popular setting in major movies. However, this time, it was completely confirmed by the officials of the seven countries.

Of course, in this official announcement, the Seven Nation Alliance didn’t introduce the horror of the three invading factions. They only said that they were the defeated parties who invaded Blue Planet and had long been defeated by the Blue Planet Divine Spirit. However, there was still a possibility of reviving and making a comeback. The establishment of the Blue Planet Alliance was to resist this invasion a second time.

In the second Mythical Era, one couldn’t rely on the returning gods for everything. They had to rely on themselves.

Therefore, not only did such a statement not make the citizens of the various countries panic, but it also stimulated the morale of the various countries.

The Mythical Era had descended, and the path to godhood had been opened. The gods of the Mythical Era could protect Blue Planet, so the current human Beast Tamers could also protect their homes. This was the point of view that the Seven Nation Alliance had mainly publicized to the various countries.

[Have you noticed…]

[When the three monsters invaded just now, the faces of the Holy Emperor and the Angel God turned green. They had panicked expressions, but who knew that legend Shi Yu would insta-kill the three monsters in the next second? The Angel God’s expression was stunned. Who said that legend Shi Yu might not necessarily be able to defeat the Angel God just now?? Why do I feel that the Angel God of Rongguang was changing the topic just now? It’s afraid and doesn’t want to fight!]

[I finally understand what legend Shi Yu meant by “give me a minute”. Holy shit, the invaders must have been stunned. They’ve already successfully invaded the Alliance Island, but they were still pulled out. How strong is legend Shi Yu? Looking at the appearance of the others, they didn’t discover anything at all, including Legendary Wexy.]

[Are those three really “totem-level creatures”? Why do I feel that it’s as easy as breathing for legend Shi Yu to kill them? In the records, only legendary-level creatures can crush totem-level creatures like this.]

[What’s the name of that sword formation just now? I don’t understand. Is that the sword spirit you mentioned just now that was eliminated and replaced by Shi Yu?]

The various countries were in an uproar. Shi Yu’s name directly spread to the various countries again with this short live broadcast. Most people didn’t watch the World Tournament, but this Alliance Meeting was a battle that everyone really saw.

Shi Yu, the strongest in the younger generation, not only easily defeated the president of the Snowfield Association, but he also easily insta-killed the three totems that made the Reincarnation God’s face turn green, directly letting Shi Yu ascend to the altar.

Apart from that, the Beast Tamers of the various countries also felt that a storm was coming. It was rare for totems to attack the Alliance Island. Usually, such a big event was the fuse of the totem war in history!

Recently, the intersection between the seven countries and the totem country had indeed been too frequent. Be it the World Tournament or this attack, it made the members of the various countries smell the aura of war.

At that moment, without the Alliance Meeting to watch, everyone could only pay attention to the final statement issued by Legendary Wexy on behalf of the Seven Nation Alliance. The Seven Nation Alliance wanted to crusade against the hunting totem half-god Yun An!

The last recorded record of the Seven Nation Alliance vs the totem half-god was before the Alliance was established. The Mechanical Legendarys used divine forbidden-type forbidden Arms to kill the totem half-gods. This time…

After more than a hundred years, the Human Alliance finally declared war on a totem demigod again?

Moreover, it was a demigod creature of an invading faction. What would the outcome be? The seven countries had just introduced the invading faction when Yun An ran out to show off his existence. It could be said that if they didn’t deal with this Yun An who destroyed the establishment of the Blue Star Alliance, it would be very difficult for the Blue Star Alliance to continue smoothly. The other totem countries would doubt the ability of the Seven Nation Alliance.

….

On Alliance Island, the experts of many countries gathered and surrounded Shi Yu.

Although ordinary people didn’t know, these experts knew that Yun An was also wanted by Shi Yu.

After the incident in the Heavenly Sword Nation, Yun An issued a must-kill order to Shi Yu in anger. At that time, the various countries were still very surprised, so they judged that it was very likely that Yun An was here for Shi Yu.