Chapter 1159 - 1159 Demigod Bear, Cat Lady

1159 Demigod Bear, Cat Lady

Blue Sea Ruins.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Before preparing to add points and give Eleven and Susu the final breakthrough, Shi Yu had a big meal.

After stepping into level eight, Shi Yu’s greatest feeling was hunger.

The consumption of a powerful life level was too huge.

If there was consumption, it had to be replenished. It just had to eat. However, extravagant was really extravagant.

Under normal circumstances, if Shi Yu’s team wanted to be rich, they could eat up a small totem country and a first-level city in Dong Huang in less than a year.

A group of pigs.

If not for the ginseng baby, Shi Yu really didn’t know what to do.

Baby Ginseng was the chef of the team. As the son of the world, the World Ginseng, it could freeload on natural energy to the greatest extent and create food.

Of course, that alone wasn’t enough.

Shi Yu and the others had tried it before. If they ate a few better meals, they would have to eat an island filled with natural energy into a deserted island.

It could be said that if Baby Ginseng grew vegetables in Ping Cheng, it wouldn’t be long before the entire Icefield City would become a desolate place.

When their levels were low, for the sake of efficiency, Shi Yu and the others farmed in the ruins mystic realm and used energy crystals to replace natural energy to accelerate production.

After its level was high, be it ruins or energy crystals, they were no longer useful. As time passed, it was not a problem to eat a ruin and eat Dong Huang’s inventory. Fortunately, at this moment, Susu awakened the Blue Sea Contract.

The Blue Sea Contract could mobilize the energy of the sea without limit. Baby Ginseng and Susu combined and developed a food group that mainly relied on the energy of the sea to grow. Only then did the food crisis in the team ease.

Baby Ginseng and Susu only needed to pay a large amount of time Cost to eat their fill.

Otherwise, if it weren’t for Susu, Shi Yu and the others would probably have to plunder territory if they wanted to eat their fill. This way, the time Cost of searching for a place was a small matter. It was mainly because the areas with the most natural energy were all totem factions. It wasn’t good for Shi Yu to go over to freeload. It was easy to trigger a totem battle.

In history, many totem battles were opened by the totems in order to fill their stomachs, in order to get resources, and for their territories.

If Shi Yu’s configuration didn’t have the combination of Susu and Baby Ginseng, it would really be the fuse to start the totem battle.

Of course, the price was that Susu and Baby Ginseng had suffered a little and had to do more work. Apart from that, it was also a pity that everyone was vegetarian.

This was also why Shi Yu was so excited to see some black ram and black yak.

Meat, meat… Totem-level meat…

“I’m full.” After eating, Shi Yu looked at Eleven and the others.

Eleven, Buggy, and the others surrounded him and were predicting the energy value after breaking through.

Baby Ginseng, on the other hand, continued to move food. Shi Yu would be hungry after breaking through, and Eleven would definitely be even hungrier after breaking through.

As for Susu, it didn’t care. As an Elemental life form, Susu could directly use the Blue Sea Contract to absorb the growth and nutrition in the ocean.

But on Eleven’s side, no matter what, as an animal life form, it was difficult to have a nutritional recipe.

Eating lightning and metal alone was not Eleven’s most perfect recipe. It had to be matched reasonably according to Ling’s menu. Baby Ginseng wiped its sweat.

On the other side, when they heard Shi Yu say that he was full, Eleven and Susu immediately came over with shining eyes.

“Wuu!”

“Ning!”

“Let me see.” At this moment, Shi Yu looked at Eleven and Susu’s normal energy levels again.

Now, Ling had already researched that the highest-level detection device on Blue Planet could already detect energy values that exceeded 100 million, with the highest limit being 5 billion.

This meant that Ling’s scientific research ability had already reached the top of Blue Planet.

This was also normal. After all, it was a top-notch intelligence close to transcendent. In this mechanical domain where mechanical brains of Divine Source Legendary and Legendary Z didn’t have transcendent top-notch intelligence, it was a god.

As long as Ling was given enough time, materials, and technology, it wasn’t impossible to study divine forbidden Arms.

Because it had the World Tree Fruit Tree to increase its comprehension, Ling’s research of messy things was not slow. It was born to study and tinker, so it had results in a bunch of technological products that didn’t exist in the outside world.

Perhaps it wasn’t that the Mechanical Legendary couldn’t develop this, but because the cost-effective ratio wasn’t high, there was no need to study it.

At their level, they could basically sense the difference in strength, and it was an all-round perception. It was just that pure energy detection was not within their consideration.

Shi Yu looked at the few overlords in the team.

“Roar!!” Little Ji looked at Shi Yu. The normal energy value was about 130 million.

“Quack!” Duckie looked at Little Ji calmly. Its normal energy level was about 140 million, and it had an inexplicable sense of superiority.

Ever since it joined the team, its normal energy level had been suppressed by Little Ji. It finally turned around and became its master.

Even these two guys had more than 100 million energy points, and the pets in Team One were stronger.

Ling’s normal energy level was about 240 million.

Susu, about 230 million.

Chi Tong, about 310 million.

Baby Ginseng, about 350 million.

Buggy, about 280 million.

Eleven, about 370 million.

The energy values of the various pets were basically extremely ridiculous. This was only the norm, and this was still because they were only at the overlord level!

After all, they had countless explosive skills.

Under normal circumstances, Normal totems rarely had more than 500 million energy points.

The top-notch totems of the strongest tier rarely had more than 1 billion normal energy.

Eleven and the others could be said to be quite ferocious.