Chapter 1165 - 1165 Shi Yu'S God Sealing Battle!

1165 Shi Yu’s God Sealing Battle!

No human had dared to look down at the two incomparably huge monster demigods so calmly from a high place.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Regardless of success or failure, Shi Yu’s magnificent feat was enough to be recorded in the history of the Alliance. It could be said to be a model of using his life to posture.

The experts of the entire Alliance widened their eyes and looked at the live broadcast in front of them, afraid that they would miss a scene.

A demigod battle of this scale had probably only happened a few times since the end of the Mythical Era!

“Shi Yu!!!”

At this moment, after discovering that the person behind this and forcing them to appear was Shi Yu, Yun An’s anger rose.

Boom!!!

The demon god-like aura shook the sky and earth, making the tsunami even more Berserking, making the sky tremble even more.

Energy value, 3.32 billion!

Shi Yu stared at Yun An’s normal energy level that was not even as high as Eleven’s regular energy level, his expression unchanged.

This was also normal. After all, Eleven had too many physique skills. There were a total of five transcendent top-notch super physique skills. Its terrifying physique brought shocking energy.

Apart from that, the prototype of a top-notch divine skill was not something Yun An could compare to.

Energy value, 2.96 billion!

As for the Abyss Demon Frog, it was a little inferior to Yun An, but among demigods, it was definitely incomparably powerful.

However, it wasn’t enough to leave alive today!

At this moment, the surging energy tide turned into a Demon God aura that swept over. Shi Yu looked at Yun An and the Abyss Demon Frog calmly.

“Aren’t you guys looking for me?”

“Now, I’m here.”

“It’s Shi Yu!!!” The Abyss Demon Frog never expected that the human chosen by the Blue Sea Sprite would actually dare to come personally.

Endless killing intent lingered around its black water elemental body, forming a dark red aura that shook space.

“Be careful, there’s a trap.” Although Yun An was even angrier than the Abyss Demon Frog and wanted to kill Shi Yu more, it was too strange for Shi Yu to come knocking on his door.

Being touched at home made Yun An feel that there were at least two digits of demigods hiding around!

“What’s there to be afraid of!”

No matter how many strong enemies were hiding around, this was the best time for them to hunt the Blue Sea Sprite!

On this sea, if it wanted to leave, could anyone stop it, a water-element demigod!

In fact.

Yun An’s worry was right.

Although there weren’t two-digit demigods waiting for them, there was indeed an existence they couldn’t afford to offend.

A black and white panda pulled Shi Yu’s clothes and climbed onto Shi Yu’s shoulder. It looked at Yun An opposite it with a burning gaze.

“Wuu! (Your opponent is me.)”

demigod Eleven appeared just like that.

No one expected this.

It wasn’t the Dragon God or the Divine Source Legendary. Just as Shi Yu had said, it seemed like he really wanted to crusade against the two demigods alone.

The pet-like Iron-eating Beast stood on Shi Yu’s shoulder and challenged the two peak battle power of Blue Planet.

“Huh??”

In response to Eleven, Yun An and the Abyss Demon Frog’s puzzled voices sounded.

As expected, there was a trap.

Be it Yun An or the Abyss Demon Frog, they didn’t believe that Shi Yu had overestimated himself to challenge them alone.

But in fact, at the start, no one else attacked.

The Iron-eating Beast that was really only on Shi Yu’s shoulder jumped onto the railing of the battleship’s deck alone. Then, it exerted strength with its feet and suddenly jumped into the sky from the battleship.

Looking at the little guy in the sky, Yun An was furious.

This guy must have eaten a lot of its fragments.

It could feel it!

Damn it.

“Roar!!” In its roar and anger, its body changed at the same time as it attacked. The black metal prism all over its body flowed and turned into a huge Orc form with two feet. It stretched out a huge palm with three claws and swept at the little Iron-eating Beast.

An earth-shattering divine might swept up.

Boom!!!

The spatial tide erupted in chaos again.

A colorless mist wrapped around Yun An’s entire body, and the sound of laws that resounded through the world erupted.

Quasi-divine skill!

It used a divine skill killer move the moment he came up. Everyone’s pupils constricted, but they saw that there was no other battle power to support this Iron-eating Beast at all!

Could it be…

A ridiculous guess appeared in everyone’s hearts.

It wanted to fight the half-god Yun An alone!

The monster Iron-eating Beast that had once defeated the Mythical Race’s overlord-level Ancient God Golden Bull in Inatella issued a challenge to the Mythical Race’s totem-level cosmic life form!

“Roar!!!!!”

In the sky, Eleven looked straight at Yun An’s violent attack. A terrifying Wex light rose in Eleven’s gaze.

Its body kept multiplying, and its sharpness erupted, directly entering the peak state!

The transcendent Inner Power and terrifying explosive power accumulated in his body and overloaded his body. However, at the same time, the Restoration Effect brought by the transcendent Indestructible Golden Body and the eruption of overload reached a Balance in his body.

Under the enhancement of the Thunder God Armor, the Leaving Gold Battle Body, and the Demon God Body, Eleven actually didn’t use divine skills at this moment. Just its physical strength alone had battle power comparable to a Fusion Emperor.

This was the powerful battle power increase brought by the combination of the top-notch skill in the Skill Index.

Eleven looked at Yun An.

The king of the Yun Race.

He, the Panda King, got food!

Let’s fight to our heart’s content.

The loser would become food.

As Eleven roared into the sky, the black and white electric arcs that filled the sky seemed to have become Eleven’s hair. They kept floating like a chaotic ocean.

In the sky, Eleven was like a Behemoth walking out of the chaos lightning sea, like the first Chaos Thunder God after the creation of the world.