Chapter 1168 - 1168 Shi Yu'S God Sealing Battle! (4)

1168 Shi Yu’s God Sealing Battle! (4)

Just now, when the Abyss Demon Frog used this move, it maintained a state where it could maintain its rationality. In this situation, it no longer cared about rationality.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

It directly wore the super divine-level resource, the Eye of the Evil God!

Only an obsession to rush out was left. Then, it activated all the abyssal power.

It would completely sacrifice its rationality! Only in this way would there be hope of resisting the demigod-level Blue Sea Sprite.

Boom!!!

Be it the eruption of Yun An or the Abyss Demon Frog, it triggered an extremely large area of change in the world.

When the master demigod of the Ghost Sea finally arrived from the deep sea territory, he directly saw an extremely shocking scene in the sky.

An Iron-eating Beast that looked like a Chaos Thunder God directly endured the Annihilation Claw from the demigod of the Sky Meteorite Race from the bottom up.

Just as the terrifying wave was about to shatter the island under the iron-eating beast’s feet, the divine power immediately turned the island land into a metal arena, impregnable.

Boom!!!

Only the aftermath that was enough to sweep through the entire world was left, sweeping in all directions unscrupulously. At this moment, the Ghost Sea demigod finally knew what the battle fluctuations it sensed were.

“Demigod Iron-eating Beast, Yun An, how is this possible?” It was shocked.

In addition, what shocked it was the Blue Sea Sprite that had turned into the form of a Water Slime again. Like a great demon king, it opened its mouth and infinitely swallowed the stronger abyssal power emitted by the Abyss Demon Frog.

At this moment, the Abyss Demon Frog had indeed lost its mind. However, its body’s instinct was still warning it not to provoke the Blue Sea Sprite that was in an explosive state with the divine-level Time Fruit!

At this moment, Susu chose the shortest battle method and turned into the Devouring Demon King, directly devouring the other party’s skills and even the other party’s main body into its stomach.

Its strongest cleansing power was still in the Devouring Space that connected to the sea. As long as it directly swallowed the Abyss Demon Frog, it could instantly cleanse the other party with the combination skill of Infinite Devour, the Blue Sea Contract, and the Sea Cleansing Spirit.

At the same time, it could also prevent the Eye of the Evil God from running away again!

Eat! Eat!

“Blue Sea Sprite, Abyss half-god!” The Ghost Sea half-god was stunned. What happened? Who could tell it!

At this moment, an unprecedented battle was taking place in the Demon Sea.

The Beast Tamers watching the live broadcast completely lost their ability to think.

Especially the Human Legendarys. Looking at the Iron-eating Beast that fought crazily with Yun An with one claw and the skill of chasing after to devour it, and even the Blue Sea Sprite that wanted to devour the frog’s main body, their brains went blank.

As Yun An recalled all its strength, Eleven felt that they were evenly matched. It knew that even if Yun An, who had lived for more than ten thousand years, slept most of the time, it couldn’t be this weak.

“Wuu!!!” As Eleven roared, its body gradually shrank and compressed its strength in exchange for a stronger eruption.

Soon, it shrank to a hundred meters.

“Wu ah!!” During the process of being shattered by Eleven’s attacks consecutively, Yun An was also compressing his body to avoid too many body fragments being knocked away!!

At this moment, the rational Yun An only wanted to scold Shi Yu.

Look, what kind of pets did he raise?

The Blue Sea Sprite chased after the Abyss Demon Frog to Devour. The Blue Sea Sprite actually wanted to eat the abyssal power that other lives couldn’t dodge in time?

It remembered that according to the rumors, this was not how the Blue Sea Sprite cleansed the power of the abyss!

How exactly did this Beast Tamer nurture the Blue Sea Sprite!

As for this Iron-eating Beast, as soon as it knocked away its fragments, it immediately opened its mouth and directly used its magnetic force to attract it to Devour.

Moreover, its digestion was incomparably fast, making it really difficult for Yun An to understand.

Even Emperor Wu’s Iron-eating Beast wasn’t that fierce.

The current Yun An felt that this Iron-eating Beast was chasing after him to eat! It wasn’t a battle at all!!

This guy would rather be injured and destroy its fragment, and Yun An also discovered that its attack on it was like a scratch!

Yun An remembered that because the Iron-eating Beast had a bunch of explosive skills, its body couldn’t withstand much burden. However, this one became more and more spirited the more it fought. Apart from damage, its attacks could actually recover the other party’s health.

In addition, the other party ate the fragments to replenish its energy. Yun An really didn’t know how to fight.

Ridiculous.

At this moment, it wasn’t just Yun An and the Abyss Demon Frog who were indescribably miserable. Many Beast Tamers who were watching the crusade between the King of the Yun Race and the Abyss demigod were also at a loss when they saw such a crushing and violent battle Style.

“That Iron-eating Beast… is eating Yun An!!!”

“The Blue Sea Sprite too!!! After devouring the Abyss Skill, it completed the cleansing!!”

“Yun An and the Abyss Demon Frog didn’t resist the whole time!!”

“Heavens, the battle power of two demigods is actually the battle power of two demigods. That Shi Yu has two demigod pets!”

“Moreover, it’s not an ordinary demigod. It’s a super battle power that can suppress the cosmic demigod and the abyss demigod!”

At this moment, the world was shocked by Shi Yu’s strength. The demigods who couldn’t see the live broadcast sensed the shocking battle fluctuations coming from afar. They were also secretly shocked and didn’t understand what had happened.

He hurriedly gathered his subordinates and activated the information network to obtain information.

At this moment, Legendary Wexy, who was also a World Blesser like Shi Yu, was already stunned.

What a joke. Wasn’t this guy just a legend a few days ago? He suddenly exceeded a group of Legendarys!

He couldn’t accept this scene. F*ck! Could this be a f*cking video!