Chapter 1162 - 1162 Demigod Bear, Cat Girl (4)

1162 demigod bear, cat girl (4)

“Did you just say that you awakened that quasi-divine skill?”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Yes,” the gem cat girl said.

< Name > Wish Star

[Level]: Quasi God-level

< Introduction > It can condense the Starry Sky Gem as a weapon. When it condenses into seven, it can synthesize a wish star and make a wish.

“I don’t know Yun An’s location, but you can know. What’s the difference between your skill and quasi-divine-level premonition? Blue Planet is the first!” Shi Yu said.

“Unfortunately, it can’t exceed your ability too much. Otherwise, I could just make a wish for them to die. In short, knowing a location should be easy.”

The gem cat girl: ???

“Make a wish and predict it. I’ll let Ling use the Wind of Blessing to assist you. We’ll look for the owl again and let Ling assist it in predicting the future. Hasn’t its Future Prediction also reached transcendent? Make a wish, luck, and prediction can basically activate the God’s Perspective. It’s difficult for the two of them to escape.”

It was still too difficult for an overlord like Ling to find two demigods. Shi Yu discovered that Yun An in this space-time was clearly better at hiding than the one in the past. It was probably hidden in the deep sea space mezzanine.

“The problem is, shouldn’t we call the Dragon God and Divine Source Legendary?” The gem cat girl said worriedly, “The two of us aren’t safe. I didn’t help you to give myself away!”

Shi Yu smiled and said, “Don’t worry, I just broke through to level eight and let the two pets break through above my level. Eleven and Susu also have demigod-level battle power.”

The gem cat girl was shocked. “Huh????”

What?

Eleven and Susu…

Demigod?

How could this be! How was this possible!

Damn, I finally broke through to the demigod level and want you to cozy up to me. What’s wrong with you!

It didn’t understand.

“Their strength is all countering Yun An and the Abyss Demon Frog. In addition to your support, as well as the support of Buggy, Ling, and Baby Ginseng, I feel that it’s about the same.”

“Old Master Divine Source is too old and his life condition isn’t good. Don’t let him attack directly. I don’t think it’s good to have too much trouble with the Dragon God… Just let them help suppress the array to avoid any accidents. The main force is still us.”

“I originally planned to do it myself. Teacher Ying, you came at the right time! I’m more confident.”

“Are you excited about the demigod battle?”

The gem cat girl smiled in embarrassment… I suspect you’re making things difficult for me! Alright, so be it. I’ll give it my all.

….

That day, in Imperial Capital University.

The guardian of Imperial Capital University, the guardian of Dong Huang, and the top prophecy master of the Alliance, the owl, were silently cultivating. Yun An wreaked havoc, so it naturally heard about this…

This reminded it of an early prophecy. The Demon God Iron-eating Beast vs the unknown Demon God. Coupled with the current situation of Yun An and Shi Yu, it kept feeling a slight headache.

Could it be that Shi Yu really rushed out under Yun An’s provocation? Just as its thought fell, spatial ripples appeared in front of the temple, making the owl suddenly open its eyes.

Shi Yu and the others, as well as a cat girl whose life fluctuations made the owl feel very familiar, appeared outside its territory. When it saw Shi Yu and the others, the owl widened its eyes. What was going on…

“You, why are you here!!! You, you’re Teacher Ying?” It first looked at Shi Yu and the even more unfathomable Panda Eleven on Shi Yu’s shoulder. Then, it looked at the gem cat girl in shock.

Damn, why did it become like this?

Its witch-like sharp voice was shocked. It was mainly because not only had the gem cat’s form changed, but its strength had also become incomprehensible. After all, it was also at the totem level.

Why was this cat’s speed of becoming stronger so unscientific?

“Of course.” The gem cat was calm.

“Yo, Teacher Owl.” Shi Yu waved his hand and smiled. “Help me predict something.”

“Wh-what?”

“I want to know Yun An’s location. Is it enough to have a totem with its power as a sacrifice soul?” Shi Yu asked.

The Prediction Owl was shocked and said, “Holy shit, what do you want?”

Shi Yu said, “Crush! Of course it’s to crush it.”

“This…” The owl was shocked and almost fainted. Holy shit, they really wanted to fight!!! It, it wasn’t going to lie down and level up again, right? Strange, too strange!!

The gem cat girl looked at the Prediction Owl faintly and said, “Old pal, do you want to go together? Perhaps you’ll have more EXP and level up faster.”

“I’m not going. What, you’re going too?” The Prediction Owl took a step back and was stunned.

It looked at Shi Yu and the gem cat and fell silent. It kept feeling that this world was about to collapse. If it had predicted it earlier, it wouldn’t have expected that scene to actually be a demigod crusade. With its horizons at that time, it didn’t even dare to imagine it.