Chapter 1161 - 1161 Demigod Bear, Cat Girl (3)

1161 demigod bear, cat girl (3)

“Wu!!!!!”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Boom!!!

The explosive energy in Eleven’s body only spread a little, instantly shocking Buggy and the others.

If it was said that Susu needed to use faith skills to break through to the totem level and prepare sufficiently in advance to be considered a demigod-level battle power, then Eleven had just evolved. Because of the existence of a quasi-divine skill, it could be considered a demigod battle power without any preparation!!

Eleven’s eyes that were like black and white lightning stars opened and crazily suppressed its power to return to its body. Its aura rose steadily. After breaking through, its energy level exceeded 1 billion in a short moment!

Breaking two billion!

Breaking three billion!

In the end, the normal energy value stopped at a total of 3.46 billion. Shi Yu and Ling looked at the number jumping crazily in the reconnaissance device and were secretly shocked.

Holy shit.

Impressive, awesome.

It didn’t torture so much in vain. It had indeed become very impressive.

“Normal state, 3.467 billion!” As Shi Yu spoke, Buggy and the others were stunned. Baby Ginseng also let out a cry and was immediately shocked.

Oh my god, the zeroes were too high!

“Roar!!” Buggy looked at Baby Ginseng and waved its dragon claws around. Was this the key? The key was that Eleven was going to be very hungry.

Generally speaking, totem-levels had to rely on sleeping to offset the consumption. Half-gods basically didn’t appear or fight on Blue Planet because they were afraid that the consumption would be too high. Now that a cultivation maniac half-god had been born, Baby Ginseng, you had to pray for yourself.

Baby Ginseng:???

“It’s done.” At this moment, Shi Yu already felt that it was enough. This was even without Eleven using explosive skills like Inner Power and Impregnable.

Apart from that, there were also army skills, immortal skills…

With the current configuration of Eleven’s 13 super Skills to reach transcendent proficiency, as well as the combination of the two divine skills he used together, Shi Yu could only say, “Yun An, give it to me.”

If another light resource of the same level came to Devour Yun An’s elemental core, Eleven could definitely evolve a little more.

Shi Yu had just finished being excited when his face turned pale.

Ling: “It’s relatively difficult to contract two totems above your level. Remember to eat supplements at any time.”

“But there’s still a lot of room for improvement in my physique now. You’ll slowly adapt…”

“I understand…” Shi Yu said weakly.

….

After Eleven and Susu broke through, Susu immediately continued to accumulate the Sea Cleansing Spirit and prepare for the ultimate battle. As for Eleven, it was also eating crazily. It wasn’t enough to just eat its fill. It also had to store more energy in its source of stamina to erupt.

At this moment, Shi Yu and Ling also came out of the Blue Sea Ruins.

Soon, they also learned that the seven countries couldn’t kill the Abyss demigods with two divine forbidden Arms and that they had even completed a small evolution.

“With the revival of laws, the strength of the demigods has increased by a level. Ordinary forbidden Arms aren’t enough to deal with such powerful demigods,” Shi Yu said.

The white-haired Ling in the Rubik’s Cube said, “Then let me break through to the totem level next. It’s not impossible to add points to top-notch intelligence to the quasi-divine skill stage and create God Destroying Arms!”

Shi Yu grinned. “Of course I believe you. At what point? Star-level bombs, cosmic spaceships, clueless foils, and black hole Arms are all up to you.”

Ling: “?”

“There’s an emergency call,” Ling suddenly said.

“Put it through.”

In theory, the person who called him at this time was either Divine Source Legendary or President Lin. However, this time, it really wasn’t.

It was someone Shi Yu didn’t expect.

To be precise, it wasn’t human.

Ling: “It’s Teacher Ying’s number.”

A communication projection appeared, and a virtual optical image was projected. A cat girl with smooth white hair, white cat ears, and a sexy black silk swimsuit was yawning as she looked at Shi Yu opposite her.

Shi Yu: “?”

“Huh?” Shi Yu said.

The gem cat girl: “Ah what?”

Shi Yu was shocked. “You, you didn’t break through to the demigod level so quickly, right?”

The gem cat girl: “What’s wrong with that? Isn’t this normal? Your Little Ji and Duckie can evolve into a god so quickly. What’s so strange about me evolving!”

Shi Yu: “Aba Aba Aba Aba.”

Shi Yu was shocked to discover that after the gem cat demigod evolved into a cat girl, its looks were actually not inferior to the Dragon God.

The Dragon God, the Elven Empress of Tingxiang, the Seven Islands Valkyrie, and the Gem Cat Lady were the peak-level creatures Shi Yu had seen.

Teacher Ying, you’re so good.

“I awakened a quasi-divine skill. After adapting a little, I immediately called you. Let me guess, do you want to fight Yun An and that abyss demigod?” Teacher Cat said. “With my understanding of you, you definitely will.”

“Although I don’t want to, remember to call me when you’re preparing to attack. I can help you.”

“The current me isn’t weak in battle either. Most importantly, my support ability is very strong.”

The gem cat was confident and shone. Its blue gem eyes were especially beautiful.

“Sure!! Come now, we’ll go now!” Shi Yu was quite touched. Seeing that the rascal cat was actually willing to interfere in the battle of demigods and even fight ferocious demigods like Yun An and the Abyss Demon Frog, he felt that Baby Ginseng didn’t raise this guy for nothing.

The gem cat girl was stunned. “What, what, so fast? Do you know their location? Isn’t it too rushed? Why don’t we prepare more?”

“No, I’ll look for you,” Shi Yu said. “I want to return to Dong Huang first.”