Chapter 1164 - 1164 Boring, I Want To See Rivers Of Blood (2)

1164 Boring, I Want to See Rivers of Blood (2)

“I don’t need Senior Divine Source and Senior Dragon God to participate in the battle. They just have to help hold the line. We’re confident of dealing with these two guys ourselves!”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“You, what did you say!!!” President Lin’s voice was filled with shock.

Holy shit, what was going on? It had only been a few days, why did Dong Huang have three more demigods! Was he still dreaming!!

“President Lin, I want to shock the world in this battle and let the entire Blue Planet see our fist.”

Today, his battle power had definitely stood at the top of Blue Planet.

At Imperial Capital University, Shi Yu looked at the communication device and said very confidently.

….

Western Demon Sea.

An aerial battleship was flying in the blue sky.

At that moment, this battleship was the focus of the entire Dong Huang Association.

No, it was the focus of the entire Alliance.

A video broadcast hall suddenly appeared in the Blue Star Alliance, immediately causing a huge commotion.

Title: “Dong Huang: Livestream Hunting the demigods of the Yun Race and the Abyss demigod”!

Introduction: Not every thief is qualified to provoke Dong Huang!

Such a shocking title entered the ears of the presidents of the various associations and Legendarys in less than a minute.

“Is Dong Huang crazy?”

Experts above the titled legend level from various countries entered the live-stream immediately. It was unbelievable. Even Legendarys joined in in confusion.

Their first thought was that Dong Huang had been driven crazy by Yun An and the Abyss Demon Duck, but how could such a situation happen?

But the reality was that Dong Huang’s current live broadcast of hunting two demigods was no different from crazy.

After all, the previous seven forbidden Arms couldn’t heavily injure them. Although the Alliance didn’t have 100% of the forbidden Arms used to target Yun An and the Abyss Demon Frog, there were still seven, and there were two divine forbidden types!

For totem half-gods, the threat of divine forbidden Arms was actually far greater than that of human Legendaries. In the eyes of many totem countries, the seven human countries had already lost this battle. Unless the legendaries of the seven human countries could cooperate and attack together, the chances were too small.

In the end, not only did the legendary cooperation of the seven countries not come, but Dong Huang went alone. This outcome stunned the other six countries.

“Could it be that Divine Source Legendary invited the Dragon God and plans to fight it out with the other party?”

“Perhaps Dong Huang found a demigod-level reincarnation god to help!”

“However, the demigods of the Yun Race and the Abyss demigod hide very deeply every time they disappear. I can’t find their location at all. Could it be that Dong Huang has already locked onto them?”

The countries were shocked. They stared at the live broadcast channel and looked at the green and white battleship in the blue sky. Some countries immediately contacted Dong Huang to ask what was going on, but they didn’t receive an answer.

“This is the Western Devil Sea Region! The territory of the Ghost Sea! It’s also the headquarters of the Abyss Sea during its rampage!”

Soon, someone noticed the location of the battleship in the sea.

Then, after a while, the battleship in the sky stopped above an isolated island.

“Someone appeared!”

When the battleship in the sky stopped, everyone looked at the deck with the camera. What they saw shocked everyone.

Because the people above weren’t Dong Huang’s Divine Source Legendary, President Lin of Dong Huang, or the Dragon God of Dragon Palace City. None of them were!

In the lead was a handsome young man in his twenties in a black and white battle suit and a black cap.

He lowered his hat and looked into the distance.

“We’re here.”

“That’s right.” Beside the young man was a life form in a black silk dress with white hair and white cat ears. Apart from that, there was also a blue owl with a time hexagram on its chest that was trembling as it grabbed the railing.

This magical combination completely shocked everyone. They couldn’t believe that this combination would appear in the live broadcast hall of Dong Huang’s crusade against the two demigods.

“Dong Huang legend, Shi Yu!”

“What a beautiful cat girl. She’s simply not inferior to the Seven Islands Valkyrie and the Elven Empress of Tingxiang! Who is she?”

“That owl looks a little familiar. Have you seen it in Inatella?”

“Wait, what’s with this combination? What are they doing?”

Under the shocked gazes of countless people, Shi Yu walked forward under the companionship of the beautiful cat girl.

“There should be many people watching now.”

“Perhaps you will be very puzzled.”

“But next, I’m indeed the one preparing to suppress Yun An and the Abyss Demon Frog.”

“They’re destroying everything in the name of finding me. It’s time for this farce to end.”

Holy shit! Holy shit! Holy shit!!!

It was fine if Shi Yu didn’t say anything, but when he spoke, it shocked the Beast Tamers of the various countries even more.

“Your Majesty, he…” President Auland looked at the Elven Empress beside him. Sylphra shook her head, not knowing.

The Rongguang Light Pope looked at the angel god who was as confused as him and confirmed that he didn’t hear wrong.

“Is he crazy?” Shen Feng’s Legendary Z, Legendary Wexy, and President Logan still thought that Shi Yu was crazy.

“The Dragon God of Dragon Palace City, Dong Huang’s Divine Source Legendary, and even that Lin Feng’s descendant are definitely here.”

They felt that Shi Yu’s words were ambiguous, as if he wanted to crusade against the two demigods himself.

If Shi Yu was alone, it wouldn’t be called a crusade at all. That would be Dong Huang responding to the request of the Abyss demigods and handing Shi Yu over!

“Qi, Ling.”

As everyone watched, Shi Yu spoke again. This time, he called out two names and a Skill name.

“Transdimensional Annihilation Cannon.”

In the ship, the pink-haired loli sat in the small cockpit and pulled down her tactical eyepiece.

“Roger.”

As soon as he finished speaking, endless light gathered at the muzzle of the battleship in the air…

On the incomparably clear scene, there were six main cannons at the bow of the ship, two large-caliber spatial cannons, and four secondary cannons on each side of the ship. Blue and white light flickered together, and huge spatial fluctuations condensed…

This was a super cannonball fired by the Sprite Qi when Ling possessed it!

Boom!!!

Countless light cannons shot out and hit the sea.

…

In the Demon Sea, in the interlayer of the deep sea alternate space, Yun An and the Abyss Demon Frog were relying on “dual cultivation” to recover from the damage of the forbidden weapon.

Now, they had already relied on the other party’s power to complete a small scale evolution. They were undoubtedly stronger.

After making sufficient preparations and trying to learn about the forbidden Arms of humans, their hearts swelled even more.

When the laws revived, transcendent lives would become stronger and stronger. On the contrary, the technological Arms of humans would fall further and further behind. Unless a Mechanic developed technological Arms that could use laws and change them, but was that possible?

“The next target is Dragon Palace City!”

Yun An and the Abyss Demon Frog swallowed a mouthful of pollution source, and after the other swallowed a mouthful of meteorite fragments, their expressions suddenly changed.

They raised their heads and looked higher into the sky coldly.

Boom!!!

In the next moment, a huge explosion sounded. Space and time trembled, and endless spatial flux swept and wreaked havoc in the deep sea space crack, making the place they were in instantly extremely dangerous!

“Let’s go!” The two demigods sensed that the surrounding environment was gradually deteriorating. They immediately followed the flux and ran to the surface of the sea!

Splash!!!

Space shattered.

Yun An and the Abyss Demon Frog, who were like demon gods, were forced out of the deep space crack and appeared on the sea. Then, they immediately looked at the culprit behind all of this.

The sea trembled. Vortex, tsunami, black clouds, and thunder instantly dyed this place into an apocalypse environment.

When they saw the battleship in the sky above the island and the young man standing at the front of the battleship, they revealed shocked expressions.

Boom!

Under the gloomy sky, golden lightning struck down, illuminating Shi Yu’s face. One person and two demigods were broadcasted live to the Seven Nation Alliance by Ling.

At this moment, under the environment, not only were Yun An and the Abyss Demon Frog like demon gods, but Shi Yu, who was standing opposite them, also had an aura like a demon god and was not at a disadvantage.

At this moment, the hearts of the experts of the various countries immediately accelerated. They completely didn’t expect that Yun An and the Abyss Demon Frog that the seven countries couldn’t find previously had actually been really found and forced out by Dong Huang.

So what was going on now… Could it be that a demigod crusade was really about to begin!!