Chapter 1169 - 1169 Shi Yu'S God Sealing Battle! (5)

1169 Shi Yu’s God Sealing Battle! (5)

Boom!!!

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

A weak earthquake caused by the aftermath of the battle came, making Legendary Wexy suddenly wake up. His eyelids twitched.

“Hahahahahaha!!!”

At this moment, because Eleven had swallowed too many meteorite fragments, the power of light on its body had already been suppressed by the power of darkness.

The current Eleven began to completely rely on the power of the Dark Demon God to fight Yun An, who was also a Dark Demon God. It began to enjoy the battle, enjoy eating, and rely on the enemy to train itself.

Demon God Eleven was a hundred meters tall, and its body was covered in black lightning. It was difficult to see clearly, and its entire body emitted terrifying dark magic power, as if it was a new Demon God.

As for Yun An opposite it, its dark aura was even above Eleven. It was the source of Eleven’s power.

“What a joke. You want to defeat me with dark-element power?!” Hot clay still had 30% of fire. The current Yun An’s will to escape had already weakened after being humiliated by the enemy. Instead, endless battle Resistance emitted.

During the battle between the two Demon Gods, the Prediction Owl suddenly felt that the scene in front of it was actually not much different from the scene it had predicted. It couldn’t help but be stunned and laugh crazily.

Its aura also rose steadily. The originally transcendent Future Prediction seemed to have been added two to three times, saving the owl a few years of bitter cultivation!!

Boom!!!

Under the lead of the upgrade of the Race Skill, the owl, which was undergoing a small breakthrough, felt that it had finally gone from the weakest totem ladder team to normal totem battle power!!

At the side, the gem cat girl was still immersed in the battle. She felt lonely. This battlefield… didn’t look like it needed her at all!!

However, it was indeed… The mission Shi Yu gave the gem cat was to use the nine-colored divine light to strengthen Ling and Buggy. Coupled with Ling’s nine-colored divine light, it would complete the double strengthening. This way, it could allow the Four Saints Domain to reach the strongest, preventing Yun An and the Abyss Demon Frog from self-destructing and escaping.

Bang!!!

Bang!!!

Boom!!!

At this moment, Eleven, Yun An, the Abyss Demon Frog, and Susu could be said to be getting smaller and smaller as they fought.

As Shi Yu sensed that Susu’s eruption was about to end, he looked at Eleven, who was almost covered in injuries like Yun An, and said, “It’s about time. Let’s end the battle as soon as possible.”

“Roar!!!”

“Wuu!!!” Under the roars of Yun An and Eleven, Shi Yu’s voice was still especially clear.

At this moment, everyone was still immersed in the battle between the Iron-eating Beast and Yun An. Before they could react, they saw substantial mental fluctuations form black and white colors beside Shi Yu.

With his entire body wrapped in black and white energy, Shi Yu’s eyes quickly changed, directly turning into a spinning Taiji Painting. A vast and deep power bloomed from Shi Yu’s body!!

Buzz!

The sound of laws spread.

As Shi Yu’s Psychic Eye spun, a strong aura bloomed from his body. With him as the center, it quickly formed a domain that enveloped the world.

An incomparably huge spinning Taiji Painting appeared in the sky and ground.

It shocked Yun An. He looked around and made Eleven stop fighting.

This scene…

The Beast Tamers watching the live broadcast swallowed their saliva again.

“I almost forgot. As a Beast Tamer, he hasn’t participated in the battle of pets!!”

The strengthening from Shi Yu was undoubtedly divine-level.

“Roar!!!” Eleven roared.

As it entered the Taiji Domain, the black and white Yin Yang Fish lingered beside Demon God Eleven and awakened its power of light again, causing the power of light and darkness on its body to reach harmony. An even greater power bloomed from Eleven’s body, making Yun An reveal a shocked expression.

“Wu wu wu wu wu!!!” Yun An cursed. F*ck, which dog said it was a fair one-on-one!!

Buzz! Buzz! Buzz!!!

Under the enhancement of the Taiji Domain, Eleven, who had recovered its strength and was strengthened, enlarged again. Its strength suddenly increased. A monstrous palm directly slapped Yun An, who was only more than ten meters tall, on the Taiji Painting.

Boom!!!

Under Yun An’s frightened expression, it was directly suppressed by the huge multiplication palm that contained the power of light and darkness, and its body shattered again.

“Ah!!!”

Yun An’s miserable cry resounded through the world.

“Yun An was suppressed again!” The experts watching the live broadcast were stunned.

On the other side, the Abyss Demon Frog, which was suppressed by the laws of the Taiji Domain and had little strength left, suddenly recovered its consciousness. Then, it also revealed an extremely shocked expression and looked at the drastic change in the environment.

Opposite it, Susu was also panting. The Little Water Slime puffed up its face. The power of the Time Fruit gradually disappeared. At the moment, it only left two demigod-level Sea Cleansing Spirits to cleanse its opponent.

“Quack!!!” At this moment, the Abyss Demon Frog sensed its surprisingly poor state and swept its gaze at Yun An, who was suppressed under its palm. It went crazy.

“Yun An, wake up!!! This can’t go on!!!”

“I know!!!” There was already nothing under Eleven’s palm. In midair, Yun An Elementalized into his original body again and appeared beside the Abyss Demon Frog, panting.

It hated the Abyss Demon Frog very much now, but it also knew that if it didn’t cooperate with the Abyss Demon Frog at this moment, it would probably be difficult to break out of the situation.

“Self-destruct.”

“Self-destruct.”

However, after snuggling together, the only way to break out of the situation was to self-destruct.