Chapter 1167 - 1167 Shi Yu'S God Sealing Battle! (3)

1167 Shi Yu’s God Sealing Battle! (3)

“Wahaha.” The Prediction Owl was excited. This was Yun An? This was the Abyss Demon Frog?

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Eleven and Susu’s attack undoubtedly injured Yun An and the Abyss Demon Frog. However, Shi Yu, who had really fought Yun An in ancient times, knew that this kind of injury was far from fatal to demigod-level Elemental life forms.

In the deep sea, Yun An suddenly widened his eyes with a shocked expression.

It couldn’t believe what it had just experienced. It didn’t understand why it felt a threat comparable to a peak-level Emperor Wu with just “one” human pet.

“Roar!!!” In the deep sea, it roared angrily and let its body fall into the deep sea, letting the seawater cool down its brain.

During this period, countless Dark Gold Elementals condensed. The injuries on its body and its shattered arm recovered again. However, at this moment, Yun An’s eyes only had the intention to retreat and had no intention of fighting anymore.

It was too fast. This Shi Yu’s growth speed was too fast. He was clearly only a level-seven legend a few days ago. Why did he nurture demigod-level battle power in just a few days!!

Moreover, it was a demigod with very ridiculous battle power!

Yun An felt that as a cosmic life form demigod, it was already strong enough. In the end, that Iron-eating Beast directly made it understand what a father was.

At that time, he indeed should have directly gotten lost from Blue Planet!

Yun An indeed didn’t want to fight anymore, but it had forgotten something important. The sea was the territory of the Blue Sea Sprite.

Even if it evolved into an underwater battle ability, its little water-element attainments still could only submit to Susu, who had signed a contract with the sea.

Boom!!!

Yun An, who originally wanted to leave directly, suddenly felt a powerful rejection from the deep sea. It was a demigod-level rejection, and the sea was rejecting everything about it.

The incomparable repulsive force directly rejected Yun An into the sea. This repulsive force shocked Yun An.

“No!!!”

“I’m not going!!”

On the sea, apart from Yun An, the Abyss Demon Frog that had just been sent flying also wanted to slip away immediately.

“Blue Sea Guardian!!!”

“It’s recovered to its peak?!!” Although the Abyss Demon Frog had never fought the Blue Sea Sprite, it had heard that the Abyss Sea had been destroyed by the Blue Sea Sprite countless times.

They had natural fear of the Blue Sea Sprite.

It understood that it was still a step slower. It hated itself for not waking up earlier and not being able to resolve the Blue Sea Sprite’s growth state earlier.

Sensing the current demigod-level power state of the Blue Sea Sprite, it completely lost the intention to resist like Yun An. It only wanted to hide until the Abyss Evil God returned to preside over the situation.

The black water droplets that filled the sky directly flew into the sky. They didn’t choose the sea, but even in the sky, there was no way to escape!

Zi!!!

When it touched the Four Holy Barrier created by Buggy and Ling with the help of faith equipment, the Abyss Demon Frog’s body seemed to be on fire in an instant, and it was forced to reveal its original form in pain.

“Wu wu wu wu wu wu wu wu!!!” Under the monstrous water, Yun An was immediately forced back into the sky like a drenched chicken.

The Abyss Demon Frog and Yun An appeared in the same frame again. They took deep breaths hurriedly and looked at the Beast Tamer standing on the battleship in the sky opposite with shock, as well as the two demigod lives beside him.

“Alright, looks like you’ve already understood that this is only a conventional 2VS2.”

“Then please me to your heart’s content,” Shi Yu said. “Since you want to find me so much, I’ll play with you until I’m satisfied.”

“Roar!!!” Yun An and the Abyss Demon Frog on the other side cursed.

2VS2 my ass.

At this moment, the situation was extremely dangerous. Yun An and the Abyss Demon Frog suddenly regretted provoking Shi Yu.

This guy was simply not human.

Which Beast Tamer contracted two demigod-level battle power?

Yun An recalled the powerful Emperor Wu. As a Legendary Beast Tamer, that guy only had nine pets fused. Only then he had demigod battle power!

In the end, Shi Yu alone had demigod battle power!

“The other party indeed came prepared. A barrier has been set up around them. If we don’t break it, we can’t leave,” the Abyss Demon Frog said.

“I #@%¥@¥#” Yun An cursed.

“Let’s fight with all our might. Break the barrier and leave this place.” At this moment, Yun An no longer had any other thoughts. His first thought was to leave.

So far, apart from Shi Yu and his pet, Yun An had yet to sense the battle power of other Legendary demigods.

However, it was worried that after a long time, other Legendary demigods would come.

At that time, it would really be over.

From the looks of it, this Shi Yu had really challenged them alone.

Although it had indeed displayed an extremely terrifying strength that was enough to suppress their strength…

“Roar!!!” At this moment, sensing the threat, Yun An and the Abyss Demon Frog knew that they couldn’t continue fighting Shi Yu conventionally.

After Yun An roared, he directly chose to sacrifice all his subordinates!!

At this moment, in various places on Blue Planet, the pupils of the Yun clan members who had received the power of Yun An, from the black giant ape with the strength of a top-notch totem to the ordinary Beast Tamers who had received the power of Yun An, darkened, and they revealed shocked expressions. All the strength in their bodies was drained, and they instantly became like dried corpses.

At the same time, Yun An’s strength rose steadily, making Eleven, who was opposite him, reveal a serious and excited expression.

Becoming stronger?

This was more interesting.

As for the Abyss Demon Frog, it used the Abyss Heart that Shi Yu and the others were familiar with. This abyss quasi-divine skill that contained the corrosion law and relied on sacrificing rationality to exchange for stronger strength.