Chapter 1160 - 1160 Demigod Bear, Cat Girl (2)

1160 demigod bear, cat girl (2)

Of course, there were also weak Mythical Race overlords, such as Qi.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Shi Yu glanced at it.

Energy Points: 10.01 million.

As expected of it.

Qi: “What, what???”

Her energy level was low, but it was a matter of race. Don’t look!

“Cough, cough.”

At this moment, Shi Yu was curious about the level of energy Eleven and the others would reach after breaking through to the totem level.

Next, in the Blue Sea Ruins, Shi Yu first let Susu use the power of points and the inheritance of the Blue Sea Ruins to break through!

“Ning!!!”

Coupled with Ling’s nine-colored divine light and Susu’s own Sea Cleansing Spirit, the success rate of Shi Yu teaching their super skills had already become extremely high.

The difficulty was basically equivalent to Shi Yu teaching Eleven Hardening at the rookie stage. Standing at this stage where he didn’t have to worry about high-level supplements, that wasn’t quite easy.

This way, in a few months, Shi Yu would probably be able to nurture a divine pet with two quasi-divine skills and three quasi-divine skills.

“Ning!!!”

In the Blue Sea inheritance that was like a water pillar that reached the sky, Susu still maintained the form of a Water Slime, and its energy level rose steadily.

Under the lead of external forces and internal power, its life level underwent an extreme sublimation. Endless life source gathered in the Elemental core and slowly formed a life source.

The life source that was like a blue ball of light was like an organ that Susu could control. It could allow it to better control the changes in life, be it macro or micro.

Transcendent species that had reached this level of life level could already try to transform non-racial skills into racial skills to inherit and try to develop their own exclusive abilities. They could also optimize their race on their own and evolve without limit. They no longer needed to rely on mutated evolution and evolution skills.

Of course, be it developing new Skills or optimizing races to complete new evolution, it wasn’t easy for totems. Some totems spent their lives but didn’t develop the abilities they wanted. Some totems consumed a huge amount of resources, but they didn’t optimize the success of their race and complete the evolution of gods.

Shi Yu’s Skill Index, a rare evolution skill, was still a shortcut to a certain extent.

However, for Susu, after condensing its life source, it would welcome spring. Coupled with Infinite Devour, it might be able to try to evolve into a cosmic life form on its own. With its own directional cooperation, the success rate would be higher.

This guy had yet to forget the Star Sea Sprite pancake Shi Yu had drawn for it when it was young. The key was that it was really possible to eat this pancake.

“Ning!!!”

In the Blue Sea Ruins, under the quiet change, as Shi Yu sensed the rapid increase in the water elemental content in the Beast Taming Space, he instantly knew that Susu had already completed its breakthrough.

Shi Yu looked at Susu, who was in the inheritance and had restrained its energy.

“Your Control is not bad. It has improved greatly.” Shi Yu smiled.

Its energy level had exceeded 1 billion!

“Ning!!” Susu jumped out of the Blue Sea Ruins inheritance pillar, almost writing the word invincible on its face.

He smiled at Shi Yu, Chi Tong, and the others.

At the moment, Susu’s eight super skills were all transcendent. Ordinary totems with two transcendent skills were already entry-level top-notch totem battle power. It this…

Obviously, the strength had already exceeded the standard.

Normal Energy Points: 1,230 million

“1.2 billion.” Shi Yu was excited!

For Susu, although it had unlimited energy, the normal foundation was also very important. After all, the more basic energy its body could accommodate, the more ocean energy it could summon in one go through the Blue Sea Contract.

If the previous Blue Sea Contract was a thin water pipe, then now it was a water cannon.

This would greatly increase the efficiency of creating the Sea Cleansing Spirit.

Previously, at the monarch level, it might have needed a long time to create a Sea Cleansing Spirit that could cleanse top-notch totems.

But now, with a casual attack, it was the Sea Cleansing Spirit that could cleanse top-notch totems like the Black Meteorite Yak and the Black Space Divine Dragon. It could be used infinitely!

It was precisely because of such a ferocious accompanying move that no matter how strong or huge the Abyss Sea faction was, they couldn’t withstand the attack Purification of the Blue Sea Sprite.

“Ning ~ ~” After breaking through, Susu indeed instantly felt extremely hungry. It immediately swallowed the ocean energy through the Blue Sea Contract and Infinite Devour.

During the eating process, vast energy fluctuations that were like the sea lingered around it, making Buggy, Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong, and the others watch eagerly.

This power definitely exceeded any life form below the demigod level they had seen. Even the nine totem battle pets of Emperor Wu were like the difference between a small star and a bright moon compared to Susu in front of them!

Although the current Susu’s two exclusive skills, the Blue Sea Contract and the Sea Cleansing Spirit, had yet to reach the peak of transcendent and reach the stage of quasi-divine skills, as long as it accumulated enough Sea Cleansing Spirit, it could still be said that it had demigod-level battle power now!

“Quack!!” Duckie rubbed its hands. As expected of a big sister.

Trash Abyss Toad, you didn’t expect this, right? Although you snatched the Eye of the Evil God before me, I’ll rely on the Blue Sea Sprite!

“Wu wu wu!!!” Eleven told Duckie to calm down. There was no hurry, no hurry. It wanted to break through too!!!

“Come, come, come.” Shi Yu called Eleven.

A moment later.

Eleven, who was like the Chaos Thunder God, stood in the Blue Sea Ruins. In its terrifying physique, surging energy was crazily tempering its entire body and completing the sublimation of life.

As Shi Yu added the last points, Eleven also completed the extreme breakthrough. Shi Yu could sense the explosive energy in its body.