Chapter 1166 - 1166 Shi Yu'S God Sealing Battle! (2)

1166 Shi Yu’s God Sealing Battle! (2)

It fell towards Yun An. At the same time, a circular metal formed in its palm. The metal was black and white, one yin and one yang, one light and one dark. It was filled with two-colored lightning that fused, converted, and collided. It was extremely mysterious. Everything around it seemed to have turned into chaos, disintegrating and being obliterated.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

At this moment, a god-like aura also erupted from Eleven’s body, shaking the sky and earth. A vast universe swept through the entire sea area.

Yun An, who originally didn’t take Eleven seriously, suddenly had a drastic change in expression as Eleven also erupted with all its strength and displayed a quasi-divine skill.

Demigod power?!

At this moment, light and darkness were twins. Eleven, who was covered in the chaos lightning sea, completely exceeded Yun An’s expectations. Its strength shocked it!

Boom!!!

Eleven pinched the Yin Yang Millstone and turned it into a fist, directly smashing it at Yun An’s Annihilation Divine Skill!!

Laws collided!

A terrifying energy tide instantly shot into the sky and the deep sea, causing the entire ocean and sky to fall into an unprecedented chaotic stage. It was like the explosion of the seven forbidden Arms previously, shocking the world!!

The moment the two Skills came into contact, the ocean current was incomparably violent. The atmospheric disturbance in the sky began to circulate around the world. Tingxiang, Snowfield, Seven Islands, Rongguang, Ming Hua, Dong Huang, and experts from all over the world looked in the direction of the battle with this attack and revealed incredulous expressions.

As for the reincarnation gods and totem half-gods who had never come into contact with the live broadcast, they also flew into the sky with this attack and looked at the Western Demon Sea.

In the depths of the Ghost Sea, the demigod Juggernaut of the Ghost Sea was directly shocked and looked at the sky.

“What happened? Who’s fighting?! They dare to fight in my territory?!”

In the incomplete era before the Restoration of Blue Planet, a demigod-level battle was already an existence that could disturb the planet.

“Bastard!!!” At this moment, in the collision with Eleven’s skill, Yun An was shocked to discover that his power of laws was being obliterated by the other party.

Crack!!!

Yun An’s palm was directly broken like beans on a millstone under the Yin Yang Millstone.

Then, a terrifying destructive power began to follow its arm and obliterate Yun An’s entire body. Under Yun An’s shocked expression, one of its arms completely shattered. Right on the heels of that, half of its body began to crack.

At this moment, Eleven’s fist had already landed on Yun An.

Under an incomparable impact, its city-like body was directly smashed down from midair by the Chaos Panda in front of it!!

“Roar!!!” In the sky, Eleven, who had punched its opponent, let out a roar that shook the sky and earth.

As for Yun An, who was sent flying, his eyes were absent-minded. He felt his body fall apart and found it difficult to accept.

Bang!!!

A tsunami and vortex swept up in all directions, and Yun An was directly thrown into the deep sea!!

In an instant, the world fell silent. All the Beast Tamers watching the live broadcast revealed incredulous expressions.

It also made the Abyss Demon Frog beside him widen its eyes in a daze!!

Was this still the King of the Yun Race who resisted the forbidden weapon with him?

“Yun An, what are you doing!!”

It shouted in panic. Even in the face of the siege of multiple demigods, it wouldn’t be so panicked.

However, seeing its partner heavily injured by only one enemy in one hit was really difficult for the Abyss Demon Frog to understand. Didn’t it eat!!

Boom!

Just as the Abyss Demon Frog finished speaking, water elements condensed in the sky, forming a Holy phantom!

An energy wave as deep as the ocean triggered the sound of laws.

A water-blue palm formed by water directly slapped at the Abyss Demon Frog, making the Abyss Demon Frog raise its head in shock. Its body rumbled!

A quasi-divine skill exclusive to Abyss demigods, Abyss Heart!!!

But in the next moment, the Abyss Demon Frog that erupted with an incomparably huge abyssal power directly slapped down on this spot. The power was obliterated with a sharp sizzling sound and white light.

Its body also seemed to have disintegrated, shattering into black water droplets that filled the sky!!

In a short instant of collision, an energy tide that shook the sky and earth interfered with the world again. The sky and sea were instantly in chaos.

Boom!!!

At the same time, the god-like Chaos Panda, Eleven, landed heavily on the island.

The appearance of the Blue Sea Sprite, known as the Blue Sea Saintess, also completely appeared in midair.

In one round, both Eleven and Susu caused crushing damage to the enemy.

Eleven was really strong.

As for Susu, it was still a little short of the peak. However, its current strength was not fake. This was the peak state Susu had entered after eating the divine-level Time Fruit strengthened by the quasi-divine skill, World Grace!

Coupled with its unlimited energy, it was a demigod at this explosive stage!

“Are the two of you only at this level?”

At this moment, two demigod battle power appeared under Shi Yu’s battleship in the sky. The Beast Tamers watching the live broadcast looked at the extremely arrogant Shi Yu and were shocked to the extreme.

What happened?

Not to mention them, even the Dragon God and Divine Source Legendary, who had been pulled over by Shi Yu to hold the fort, watched everything in silence.

Divine Source Legendary was stunned. Although, even if, even though, could it be… He kept analyzing in his mind.

Even if he broke through to the demigod level, wasn’t this too fierce?

The corners of the gem cat girl’s mouth also twitched. Why did she feel that Eleven and the Blue Sea Sprite, demigods, were so much stronger than her?