Chapter 1163 - 1163 Boring, I Want To See Blood Rivers (1)

1163 Boring, I Want to See Blood Rivers (1)

“Are you serious?”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Those are two demigods!”

“I don’t do prophecies that harm people, although my prophecies have harmed many people.”

The Prediction Owl confirmed again.

“Which is bigger? Five or two?” Shi Yu crossed his arms and asked with a smile.

“Huh?” The Prediction Owl was stunned.

Shi Yu said, “Dragon Palace City’s Dragon God, Dong Huang’s Divine Source Legendary. These are two demigod-level battle power.”

“In addition to Teacher Ying, who has just advanced to the demigod level…”

The gem cat girl looked up at the sky elegantly, making the Prediction Owl widen its eyes.

Demigod?

What a joke.

Everyone was mixed in with totems. It had yet to escape the battle power title of the weakest totem. This cat… This cat… How did it cross two major battle power levels in one go!

“I’m considered slow.” The mature cat girl yawned lazily.

“That panda, well, Iron-eating Beast, is already a demigod at the age of four.”

After all, she had hundreds of years of training to build the foundation.

That that panda, that panda… was this four years old?!

Yes, Eleven was already four years old, not three.

The Prediction Owl was stunned. It looked at Eleven on Shi Yu’s shoulder and was stunned.

Wait a minute, what did the gem cat just say?!

“Well, I broke through to level eight. After letting Eleven break through above my level, it successfully advanced to demigod battle power.”

“Apart from that, the Blue Sea Sprite has also reached the totem level. It can also be considered a demigod battle power.”

“This way, with the battle power of the five Legendary demigods, we can’t let Yun An and the others continue to be arrogant,” Shi Yu said.

The Prediction Owl opened its mouth wide.

It was unimaginable.

Dong Huang had Divine Source Legendary and the Dragon God’s ally, so it was considered the strongest faction.

In the end, a cat actually told it that there were three Legendary demigods in front of it?

It was really ridiculous to f*cking open the door… It was ridiculous to the extreme.

“Therefore, there’s no need to worry too much about battle power. The only thing to consider is how to find the enemy.”

“We came to you because we believed in your premonition.”

“Teacher Owl, don’t tell me you think five demigods will still lose when fighting two?”

The owl trembled. They should have said so earlier!

“Yes, I have to predict it!!! This is a demigod battle. I’m also indirectly participating!” The owl looked at the sky. Oh, my old Beast Tamer, look at me, look at me.

He could even participate in the demigod battle!

It was already tired of the boring life of being a charlatan at Imperial Capital University.

Boring! Right now, it only wanted to see blood flow like a river! To prove its value!

“But can I really…” The Prediction Owl was sneaky. It shrank its head and looked at Shi Yu and the others. “I just entered the totem level not long ago. It’s not necessarily accurate to predict the location of the two demigods…”

Shi Yu glanced at the gem cat and said, “Don’t worry, with the nine-colored divine light strengthening your strength and the Wind Kirin’s Blessing Wind strengthening your accuracy, I’ll bet!”

“Let’s do it!” The Prediction Owl immediately exploded. This treatment was too beautiful. A demigod and a Mythical Race creature strengthened it. Then, during the prophecy process, it was also considered a demigod?!

“In addition, during the battle… I’ll go too! To avoid any accidents, the Prophecy Skill is on standby 24 hours a day!”

“I believe you can protect me well.”

…

Next, the Prediction Owl first made a premonition with the support of various parties. The content of its premonition was where to find Yun An and the others.

Under the strengthening of the nine-colored divine light and the Wind of Blessing, the Prediction Owl felt that its soul was about to float. This was the first time it had carried out such a satisfying and clear prophecy.

The gem cat girl also helplessly took out gems from the four dimensional pocket one after another to make a wish to strengthen Ling’s reconnaissance device.

Future Prediction+Wish Divine Skill+Luck Divine Skill. The combination skill was finally understood by Shi Yu and the others.

In the end, as expected, Shi Yu and the others jointly located a location!

This could basically be confirmed to be the hiding place of Yun An and the others.

“As expected, it’s hidden in the Deep Sea Mystic Realm…” After confirming this location, a fierce glint flashed in Shi Yu’s eyes. Alright, no matter what Yun An and the Abyss Demon Frog thought, he would take their lives.

“Ling, contact President Lin for me. After being chased and provoked by Yun An and the others for so long, I want the world to know how Yun An was blown up!”

…

At the moment, the world structure was in chaos. Yun An and the Abyss Demon Frog had evolved and used unknown methods to resist the divine forbidden Arms, shocking the world.

“Hahaha, Dong Huang, you guys also have this day.”

In the Western Dragon Empire and the Eastern Dragonman Empire, the demigod Black Dragon Juggernaut and the quasi demigod Tyrant Dragon King only wanted to laugh when they saw Yun An and the Abyss Demon Frog continuing to provoke Dong Huang.

If it weren’t for the fact that the Abyss Race was now hated by everyone, they even wanted to help Yun An a little.

The seven human countries were also very silent about the growth speed of Yun An and the Abyss Demon Frog.

They felt that these two guys were becoming more and more troublesome. The key was that be it the reincarnation god or the totem half-god, before Yun An and the Abyss Demon Frog provoked them, they had no intention of helping.

“President Lin, Shi Yu called.”

However, at this moment, a critical turn appeared in the Dong Huang Association with a call.

“I want to kill Yun An and the Abyss Demon Frog.” President Lin had just received the call when his hand trembled and he almost threw his cell phone out.

“I broke through to level eight. Eleven reached demigod, Susu reached demigod. In addition, the gem cat also reached demigod.”