Chapter 1176 - 1176 Taming The Cat (2)

1176 Taming the Cat (2)

“I’ve found it for you, but I’m not sure if you can like it.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Looking for a pet? I’m good at this. Why didn’t you look for me! Back then, I predicted the Blue Sea Sprite.” The owl put on a mask to take credit.

Shi Yu was helpless. These two cats…

“Then Teacher Owl, help me predict where I can contract a cosmic Behemoth cub. It’s been hard on you.”

“No prob…” The Prediction Owl’s expression stopped.

What f*cking cosmic Behemoth, the cosmic Behemoth that chased after Blue Planet?

Wasn’t this even fiercer than the Iron-eating Beast chasing after Yun An?!

Shi Yu looked at the gem cat again.

“Talent potential is not bad? Metal element?”

The gem cat said, “Of course. Of course, you still have to consider it yourself.”

Shi Yu said, “What race is it?”

The gem cat: “Cat.”

Shi Yu: “?”

“Could the transcendent life form you’re talking about that can nurture the Four Spirits of Heaven be you?”

The gem cat was angry and said, “I’m a free cat. Stop thinking about me. It’s something else!”

The Prediction Owl said, “Although I don’t understand too much, you mean you want to nurture cats into tigers?”

Shi Yu said, “There’s not much of a difference. In any case, they’re all felines. They can evolve.”

The gem cat girl said, “That’s right. You also know that Ancient Capital University raises many wild cats of various races. You asked me to help find pets suitable to nurture into white tigers. I originally planned to go to a few best friends to take a look, but I didn’t expect to find suitable ones in Ancient Capital University.”

“Tell me in detail,” Shi Yu said with interest.

The gem cat said, “It’s a hybrid cat. It’s a mutated new breed. It should have been a transcendent race, but it suddenly mutated into a monarch race. Moreover, it mastered the deterrence racial skill at the Awakening level. From the breed, it should be the first in the world. I think it should be very valuable to nurture.”

“By the way, its super Skill is Metal Control.”

“If it’s a hybrid, what race are its parents?” Shi Yu said.

“The mother is a treasure-seeking cat, and the father is a gem cat that evolved with a metal-element gem, so it was born metal-element.”

Shi Yu said, “He inherited the attributes of his father? Then what did he inherit from his mother?”

The Treasure Hunting Cat was a cat of another transcendent Race. Although it was also a cat like the gem cat, there was still a difference.

Generally speaking, there would be no breeding problems between these two creatures. However, most of the young cats born would only inherit one side’s race.

For example, if they gave birth to a treasure-seeking cat cub or a gem cat cub, they wouldn’t obtain the characteristics of both parents together.

However, nothing was absolute. There was still a very small chance that the next generation could inherit the characteristics of both parents. At this moment, they would be very lucky. It was basically equivalent to breeding a new generation of transcendent races that could only be chanced upon by luck.

Generally speaking, only powerful totems like the Sea Dragon King and the Azure Dragon King were confident that their descendants could inherit the merits of both parties together. Transcendent races like the Treasure Hunting Cat and the Gem Cat were left to fate.

“It inherited its mother’s Treasure Hunting Cat’s racial form and energy talent, and its father’s Gem Eye as the basic racial Skill and Stats.”

Treasure Hunting Cat appearance?

Shi Yu recalled.

If the gem cat was like a ragdoll cat on Earth, then the Treasure Hunting Cat was more like a short-legged cat on Earth. Its legs were very short, and it liked to walk with not very smart steps to find resources that contained energy fluctuations. Its racial talent was that its energy perception was pretty good. Wild Treasure Hunting Cats could often find good things themselves. This was where its name came from…

If Shi Yu remembered correctly, the short Treasure Hunting Cat was not good at battle. It was even worse than the gem cat. The gem cat at least had a lot of evolution potential, but the Treasure Hunting Cat had nothing.

It was indeed lucky to be able to mutate into a monarch race like this.

“Cough, if that’s all, it’s just a little cat of a monarch race. I wouldn’t be in such a hurry to recommend it to you… It’s mainly because this one is a little special,” the gem cat girl said.

“Because both parents are dead, its personality is a little distorted. I feel that it will be very suitable for you.”

Shi Yu’s face was speechless. Why was a distorted personality suitable for him?

“What’s with the death of both parents?” Shi Yu still chose to ask the main point.

“Because the child is a mutated species, and the mother was also old. She died in childbirth. When the father saw his partner die, he died of depression.”

Protagonist template? Shi Yu opened his mouth slightly and said, “But such a talented little cat should be carefully taken care of by Ancient Capital University, right? There should be a lot of love and care. How can its personality be distorted?”

The gem cat girl said in embarrassment, “The one in charge of taking care of the wild cats in Ancient Capital University is my clone. There might be a mistake in the care method. In addition, this mutated species has pretty good talent and matures earlier…”

The corners of Shi Yu’s mouth twitched. He had almost forgotten that apart from the administrator of the Ancient Capital University’s resource bank, Teacher Ying had such an identity.

“How is his personality distorted? I don’t want it if the problem is too big.”

“This isn’t a problem child shelter.”

At this moment, they had almost arrived above Ancient Capital University. The gem cat’s Psychic power searched for a while, indicating for Shi Yu to look over with his Psychic wave.

“Here, take a look for yourself.”

Shi Yu was stunned. His Psychic power also scanned over and enveloped the wild cat area of Ancient Capital University. There was a luxurious cat nest dozens of square meters at intervals.