Chapter 1170 - 1170 Shi Yu'S God Sealing Battle! (6)

1170 Shi Yu’s God Sealing Battle! (6)

That barrier was enough to stop demigods. They kept trying during the battle and couldn’t escape at all. They probably could only rely on the power of self-destruction to break the barrier and use the speciality of the elemental creatures to complete their rebirth in the future Mythical descent era.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

If the two of them self-destructed together, they could definitely escape!

“Humans, you forced me!!!” Yun An’s gaze was filled with hatred and brutality. He also hated Shi Yu and the Iron-eating Beast to the core.

“To that human!!!” The Abyss Demon Frog roared. If it wanted to self-destruct, it had to self-destruct beside Shi Yu!

It was best to blow Shi Yu up!!

“This!!!” The scene in front of them was an extremely magical scene for anyone. This was because the Yun Race demigod and the Abyss demigod who had previously disturbed the world were actually forced to self-destruct??

“What a joke.” In Shen Feng Nation, Legendary Z looked at Shi Yu’s god-like calm expression on the live broadcast and suddenly shook his head.

Were these two demigods stupid? This little pervert could crush them with just two pets.

How could he not be prepared for a self-destruction attack?

If he couldn’t suppress the self-destruction, he would have already suffered a self-destruction attack at the Alliance Meeting!!

It could only be said that the current Yun An and the Abyss Demon Frog were completely desperate times calling for desperate measures, a drowning man will clutch at a straw.

It was almost irrational.

Boom!!!

Yun An and the Abyss Demon Frog underwent their final eruption. The energy in their bodies rose steadily, and the energy in their bodies began to expand, integrating into their bodies and burning their lives. At the same time, they rushed towards Shi Yu, who was maintaining the Taiji Domain!!

It was so fast that it swept past Eleven and Susu!!

Regarding this, Eleven didn’t say anything. It directly sighed and returned to its restrained form. It was exhausted. It was finally done fighting.

It put its finger in its mouth. Strange, it had clearly eaten a lot, so why was it still starving to death…

Dragging its hungry stomach, it, Susu, and all the Beast Tamers watching the live broadcast looked at the two demigods attacking Shi Yu!!

“Die!!!” Yun An and the Abyss Demon Frog shouted crazily!!!

It charged towards the battleship in the sky!!!

However, in the next moment, they were like deflated balloons. The energy that had just swelled up and wanted to self-destruct was instantly suppressed!!

“Ji.” In the cockpit, Buggy let out a mocking cry. Tch, it didn’t learn.

Chi Tong and Baby Ginseng originally wanted to come out of the battleship to protect Shi Yu and show their faces, but they were pressed down by a certain cat.

At that moment, Yun An and the Abyss Demon Frog could be said to be completely stunned. Sensing that the power of their self-destruction was also suppressed, they were stunned. Their expressions gradually collapsed, and their mentalities gradually exploded!!

“Wu wu wu wu wu wu!!!” As Yun An and the Abyss Demon Frog roared in anger and collapsed, although they couldn’t self-destruct, they still attacked Shi Yu.

At this moment, a stunning cat girl walked out from beside Shi Yu. She shook her head and yawned lazily. “Is it over?”

“So slow. If I had attacked earlier, these two little guys would have been suppressed long ago.”

“A mere Abyss demigod…”

She stretched out her yawning palm and opened her blue gem eyes. She looked at the attacking Enfeebled Yun An and the Abyss Demon Frog and applied for a showing off opportunity from Chi Tong and Baby Ginseng.

In the face of the attacking Yun An and the Abyss Demon Frog, she casually waved her hand. Two nine-colored gems tore through the air and emitted a shocking light. With a pop, they triggered the sound of laws and emitted a terrifying demigod-level power, making the expressions of the weak Yun An and the Abyss Demon Frog change drastically!!

“Demigod!!!”

Another demigod!!!

Boom!!!

At this moment, the weak them were unable to resist the wishing star divine skill strengthened by the nine-colored divine light at all. The nine-colored gem in the void instantly enlarged, like a five-finger mountain, suppressing them!!

Under everyone’s incredulous expressions, with a bang, the two demigods were directly pressed onto the metal island by the nine-colored gem divine mountain!!

Boom!!!

Dust and smoke scattered!! Metal shattered!!!

“What a joke, another demigod!!! Who is this cat girl!!! Where did she come from!!!”

“I’ve never seen it before!!”

Countless people looked at the beautiful demigod cat girl beside Shi Yu. They never expected that from the beginning to the end, there was actually a demigod battle power beside Shi Yu!!

“This cat girl, could it be…” The pupils of the experts of Dong Huang, like legends of the Tyrannical Sea, constricted.

He thought of the Guardian overlord of Ancient Capital University who often followed beside Shi Yu… It was unlikely.

Now, with the demigod cat girl’s attack, Yun An and the Abyss Demon Frog were really at the end of their strength.

However, the matter was not over at all. Through the live broadcast, everyone saw an incomparably large Blue Sea palm appear again. The Blue Sea Sprite, which was ten thousand meters tall, used its vast palm to pinch Yun An and the Blue Sea Demon Frog from under the nine-colored gem divine mountain into its palm.

“Next, just leave it to Susu to cleanse.” Shi Yu exited the Taiji Domain state and sighed.

Then, he smiled and glanced at the live broadcast camera.

“Everyone, as expected, I’ll take down the Yun Race demigod and the Abyss demigod.”

“I only hope… that next time, no one will use me and my pets as a provocation.”

“Otherwise, be it a totem half-god or a reincarnation god, I’ll go take a look at your territory.”

As Shi Yu finished speaking, the hearts of the Beast Tamers of the various countries skipped a beat. What a joke, what a joke!!!

That Yun Race demigod, that Abyss demigod, was so easily…

Was the cat girl beside him also Shi Yu’s pet?!!! Everyone realized that the skill used by the cat girl just now seemed to be a little like the nine-colored divine light of the Holy Divine Deer!!

Didn’t Shi Yu obtain the inheritance crystal of the nine-colored divine light!!

If that was the case, everyone couldn’t describe the emotions in their hearts. This Shi Yu, one person, three demigods, and another bunch of abnormal pets… Didn’t that mean that he had already stood at the top of Blue Planet!!

No one was confident of defeating Shi Yu in this battle.

At this moment, even peak experts like the Seven Islands Valkyrie, the Elven Empress of Tingxiang, the Ming Hua Ghost God, the Shen Feng Mechanical Legendary, the Snowfield Battle God, and the Rongguang Hero King had to admit that the terrifying power displayed by Shi Yu in this battle was something they couldn’t compare to.

Boom!!!

The Void was torn apart, and the peerless Dragon God walked out in silence. Dong Huang’s Divine Source Legendary also appeared in the live broadcast. They looked at the suppressed Yun An and the Abyss Demon Frog together.

“Not bad.” The Dragon God couldn’t help but praise Shi Yu, who was still a young newbie two years ago.

“Looks like it’s time to give up the position.” Divine Source Legendary also sighed deeply before the global live broadcast.

At this moment, the battle power of the five demigods of Dong Huang was in the same frame, making the various countries grimace even more. Beside them, the half-god of the Ghost Sea trembled even more, not daring to come out, afraid that Dong Huang would fuss about him not helping against the Yun Race and the Abyss.

It clearly had the battle power of five demigods, but did it mean that Shi Yu alone could suppress everything!!

The appearance of the Dragon God and Divine Source also made Yun An and the Abyss Demon Frog, who were gradually losing consciousness, twitch. It turned out that they had been in checkmate from the start…

Humans didn’t know any virtues at all.

Five demigods!!! How could there be such a ridiculous faction!!

In August of the 180th year of the Alliance calendar, a demigod battle that shocked Blue Planet happened. The world legend, Shi Yu, killed two foreign demigods alone and shook the world!!

….

A few hours later, the totem demigods and reincarnation gods who didn’t see the live broadcast also learned about the world-shaking battle that happened in the Western Demon Sea through their respective channels.

Shi Yu sent out two demigod battle power and easily suppressed the king of the Yun clan, Yun An, an ancient demigod of the abyss!!

Many demigods were shocked.

Many reincarnation gods revealed shocked expressions. The humans blessed by the World Tree were actually so ferocious?

In the Western Dragon Empire, the Black Dragon Juggernaut, who had been watching Dong Huang make a fool of itself these days, heard the information of its subordinates and its expression instantly changed drastically in disbelief.

In the Eastern Dragonman Empire, the Tyrant Dragon King, who originally wanted to break through to the demigod level and was no longer afraid of Dong Huang, heard the news of its subordinates and its brain rumbled, almost fainting.

“Shi Yu… That Shi Yu destroyed two demigods?? How is that possible!!! Don’t even think about lying to me!!”