Chapter 1172 - 1172 Starry Sky Era (2)

1172 Starry Sky Era (2)

Duckie: QAQ.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Ling has already developed a tool to preserve and seal the Eye of the Evil God to prevent it from disappearing. Now, it’s just short of one material to simulate the environment it needs.”

“That’s the elemental crystal of the Abyss Demon Frog. It can also be said to be the Heart of the Abyss.”

Abyss Demon Frog: Quack?

“Ahhh!!! (Wait, wait, wait!)” The Abyss Demon Frog was shocked. Beside it, Yun An was silent the whole time.

“Listen to me. Your name is Shi Yu, right! It’s the Blue Sea Sprite, right!! Since you contracted an abyss half-god of a certain generation, and since you’re willing to become companions with the abyss half-god, it means that you’re not pedantic at all!!”

“The Blue Sea Sprite is also more reasonable than I imagined.”

“Listen to me. There’s no need for us to become enemies at all. We can have a larger stage!! The Abyss Race is a very powerful faction in the starry sky of the universe. The Abyss Evil God is a super creature whose strength is even above the divine level!!”

“It’s far stronger than the gods on Blue Planet. If it weren’t for the fact that we’re fighting an away battle and fighting all the gods on Blue Planet alone, the Abyss Evil God wouldn’t have lost at all!! We have the inheritance of the Abyss Evil God, so it’s better to inherit the ambition of the Abyss Evil God. After controlling Blue Planet, we’ll rely on the abyss factions in the starry sky.”

“According to my investigation, the civilization of the abyssal factions is far higher than Blue Planet. They still exist! Yun An is the advance soldier they sent.” The Abyss Demon Frog shouted, “I’m also willing to accept the contract and acknowledge you as my master like that duck!!”

Susu: Angry.

It looked like the cleansing wasn’t complete. Although it had become silly, it was still bad.

Yun An: “How embarrassing.”

Duckie looked at the Demon Frog in disdain. “Quack! (Trash Abyss, my goal is to assist the big sister of the Blue Sea Sprite in cleansing all filth, especially the Abyss!!)”

Abyss Demon Frog: ???

Shi Yu chuckled and summoned the Sword Spirit Chi Tong in his hand. It turned into Chi Tong’s red hair and emitted endless killing intent.

“Wait!! No, no, I’m willing to rely on the Blue Sea Sprite. Trash Abyss, I also want to cleanse all filth!! From me, I’ve long been tired of this power that corrodes my rationality. I want to be myself!!” The Demon Frog roared.

“Sorry, I don’t like fence sitters.” As Shi Yu finished speaking, the Immortal Slaying Sword Formation condensed and trapped the Abyss Demon Frog in the middle. The sharp sword light instantly erased any traces of existence other than its Elemental core.

Its body was obliterated, the Elemental Core was stripped away, and the Elemental Soul was imprisoned. Before it died, the Abyss Demon Frog still opened its eyes and looked at the duck, dying with grievances. Its mouth was open, as if it wanted to say something in the end… But from its expression, it didn’t look like it was saying good things.

Gulp.

The Abyss Demon Frog was killed, scaring Yun An beside it. Its heart also thumped, making Shi Yu think that it had also learned the Abyss Heart.

Yun An looked at Shi Yu and the others in shock, afraid that Shi Yu would also kill him with a sword.

“Don’t worry, I won’t kill you.” Shi Yu looked at Yun An, making him overjoyed.

It said, “That toad is right. Blue Planet is too small, far from your limit. Human, you’re the strongest Beast Tamer I’ve ever seen. I’m also willing to assist you. I’m a cosmic life form. In the future, I can bring you to the starry sky and dominate the universe!!!”

“What it knows is all from me!!”

Shi Yu said disdainfully, “You? Your race was destroyed by the army of a universe overlord. You’re just a child who escaped. What do you have to lead me to dominate the universe?”

Yun An widened his eyes.

“How do you know!!” It said in disbelief.

Then, it shouted, “It’s different, it’s different. The cosmic overlord is the strongest individual in the entire universe. Its army naturally looks down on everyone, far from what any Abyss Evil God can compare to. That’s not a goal that ordinary lives should have. Believe me, as long as you contract me, I can assist you in surpassing the divine level!!!”

“The starry sky of the universe is far vaster than Blue Planet.”

Shi Yu said, “It’s not like I don’t have cosmic life forms. I won’t kill you. Susu, continue to cleanse. From today onwards, Yun An, you will become the renewable food of Dong Huang’s Iron-eating Beast to atone for your sins.”

Yun An was stunned and shouted angrily, “Wu wu wu wu wu wu wu wu wu!!”

Damn, you didn’t kill me because you wanted me to be a renewable resource?!?! How could there be someone like you?

“I won’t let you off!!”

“I’ll kill you!!” Yun An roared.

Shi Yu was speechless.

….

After some operations, Shi Yu and the others arranged Yun An, the Abyss Demon Frog, and the Eye of the Evil God.

After completing all of this, Shi Yu reappeared in the outside world.

He would meet Divine Source Legendary, the Gem Cat Lady, and the Dragon God.

At the moment, they were all on the aerial battleship and returning to Dong Huang.

“Is it completely resolved?” On the battleship, Divine Source Legendary immediately asked when he saw Shi Yu come out.

“It’s already been resolved,” Shi Yu said. “The Abyss Demon Frog has been killed, and the Eye of the Evil God has been controlled. Yun An has completed the seal and will become the Iron-eating Beast’s renewable evolution resource!”

“Hahahaha, good, good.” Divine Source Legendary laughed.

Good kid!!

Shi Yu’s appearance could be said to have completely untied the knot in Divine Source Legendary’s heart about Lin Feng’s disappearance.

This guy was simply more outstanding than that little pervert, Lin Feng.

He was focused on increasing his battle power and was completely undisturbed by other things.

With legendary battle power in his early twenties, Dong Huang was completely rich.