Chapter 1174 - 1174 Starry Sky Era (4)

1174 Starry Sky Era (4)

These three lives were all stronger than a single top-notch god and were suspected to be above the divine level. Because of this, even if the leaders of the Blue Planet’s Dragon, Phoenix, Kirin, and Angel Demon were all top-notch gods, apart from that, even though there were still many individual top-notch gods… This battle still lasted for a long time.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

They were already terrifying. Even the clansmen they created made the people of the Mythical Era suffer. They had divine-level battle power. President Lin really couldn’t imagine what kind of life form a universe overlord stronger than them was.

“It shouldn’t be fake,” Shi Yu said. “The concept of a cosmic overlord is deeply rooted in Yun An’s bloodline memories. That fear is as if it’s engraved in the depths of his bloodline. This also means that a cosmic overlord has been running rampant in the starry sky of the universe for at least countless years. It’s long been known for its ferocious reputation, making many cosmic life forms afraid.”

“Sigh, if the gods who left Blue Planet to go to the starry sky can return, perhaps they can bring more information,” Shi Yu said. “Perhaps after leaving for so long, the best of them have already exceeded the divine level and reached a higher realm.”

“However, I’m more worried that after they left Blue Planet, they no longer think that Blue Planet is their hometown or home. This situation… is very likely.” Shi Yu imagined the humans who went to big cities from remote places to hustle…

Divine Source Legendary looked at Shi Yu and fell silent.

“What do you think Dong Huang should do next?”

Shi Yu said, “I say? Continue to develop technology. Develop towards nomological technology and starry sky technology. It’s mainly to develop starry sky technology. The civilization in the universe might be more vast and diverse than we imagined.”

“The opening of the Starry Sky Era might be the future. If the goal is only to recreate the prosperity of the Mythical Era, Blue Planet will still repeat the same mistake and become the target of invasion. Only by understanding the universe can it become stronger. Of course… it might die faster.”

Shi Yu chuckled and said, “Speaking of which, do you think there are things like cosmic ruins… The history of the Great Cosmos Era should be more magnificent, right?”

Everyone: …

Ridiculous, it was already the Starry Sky Era, and he was still thinking about archeology?? Was he still going to get the origin of the universe!

“The starry sky.” The gem cat girl was also curious. The gem it obtained had descended from outer space. She didn’t know if it was left behind by a super-divine existence ~

She hoped that it could successfully grow to the divine level!

“Looks like the future is filled with fog. Super divine level, universe overlord, it sounds very challenging.” The Dragon God’s expression was calm.

[Senior Dragon God, after a while, let’s explore the Space-time Dragon Vein together.] Shi Yu said to the Dragon God telepathically.

The Dragon God looked at Shi Yu. She was rather surprised that Shi Yu, this little guy, still remembered her despite being so strong.

“Alright, alright, we’re at Dong Huang.” Shi Yu smiled as he looked at the continent in front of him. At that time, he planned to say that he had already cracked the spatial ruins and directly transmigrate with the Dragon God.

But the truth was that the owner of the Time Dragon Vein, the Time Sprite, had already been contracted by him!

At this moment, Shi Yu, who had completely eliminated the threat of Yun An and even the Abyss Sea, also felt a huge weight drop from his heart.

Nurturing Eleven had provoked the Yun Race, nurturing Susu, and provoking the Abyss Sea, but it had already been resolved. Next, all that was left was to clean up someone’s mess for Chi Tong. Nurturing Chi Tong and provoking such a big problem like the Undying Dark Phoenix had yet to be resolved.

If he had to say it, nurturing Buggy seemed to have also offended the Dragonman Empire. After all, both parties were in a competitive relationship with the Green Dragon faith. Shi Yu was considering if he should find a time to greet it.

“I’m finally back!” At the same time, the gem cat girl looked in Dong Huang’s direction with slight anticipation. Speaking of which, Shi Yu was the first to know that it had broken through to the demigod level. Now that she had participated in the demigod battle and destroyed Yun An and the Abyss Demon Frog, after returning to the Ancient Capital, she had to find someone she knew to brag about it.

She had to let the world know that the guardian overlord of her Ancient Capital University was already a demigod!

It was a pity that she didn’t have the position of president… But she had already thought about it. She wanted to be the greatest vendor on Blue Planet and earn all the money in the world to keep the money!

“Shi Yu, after returning to Dong Huang, make a trip to Ancient Capital University when you’re free. I’ll give you a surprise,” the gem cat said.

“What surprise?” Shi Yu was puzzled.

As for the Ancient Capital, he definitely had to go. Although Chi Tong’s Sun Flame level had yet to reach the transcendent level of the Undying Dark Phoenix’s curse that was enough to unseal and cleanse it, it wasn’t difficult for Chi Tong’s Sun Flame to display transcendent effects with the strengthening buffs like the Time Fruit and the nine-colored divine light.

In addition to Susu’s Sea Cleansing Spirit that was enough to cleanse demigods… Shi Yu could finally go and slash open the Dark Phoenix’s seal with his sword without worrying about the risk. Regardless of whether the Undying Dark Phoenix was an enemy army, he could learn more about the secrets of the empress through it.

However, the Sword couldn’t kill the Dark Phoenix seal… Shi Yu looked at Grandma Owl, who was enjoying the sea breeze, with a strange expression. Could this guy also be the reincarnation of an ancient demigod? Otherwise, how could Future Prediction be so fierce? Should he give the owl a Reincarnation Fruit?