Chapter 1171 - 1171 Starry Sky Era (1)

1171 Starry Sky Era (1)

The battle in the Western Demon Sea shook the world.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

As for Shi Yu himself, after reporting his safety to the Dragon God, Divine Source Legendary, and the others, he entered Susu’s body.

At this moment, in the Infinite Devour Space, Yun An and the Abyss Demon Frog had already fainted. They were imprisoned in a huge water cage formed by the Sea Cleansing Spirit and received the Purification Purification.

“Ning!” Eleven entered with Shi Yu.

At this moment, it was also covered in injuries. The injuries were similar to the injuries suffered by Emperor Wu and the others. They were incurable injuries.

After a huge battle, it was still inevitable that it would be attacked many times. Although it could also use the Yin Yang Millstone to obliterate the negative laws later, it was clearly easier to cleanse it with the endless energy of Susu.

“Wuu! (Thank you, Susu.)” Eleven bowed.

Susu was condensing a shower arm to nurture water to wash away the radiation for Eleven.

“Ning. (Is the temperature alright?)”

“Wuu! (I want hot water!)”

Shi Yu’s gaze was staring at Yun An and the Abyss Demon Frog.

“Unfortunately, Yun An’s elemental core is a good thing. It’s equivalent to the best meteorite fragment. Coupled with a light-element divine-level metal resource, it must be a very good Eleven strengthening material.”

“But without this, there are no renewable resources. Forget it, I don’t lack a core. When I want it, I’ll go to parallel space and get it.”

“In short, there’s another Evil God’s Eye now. It’s not a loss at all!”

“Wu wu wu wu wu!!!”

“Ahhh!!”

As expected of demigods. They had only fainted for a few seconds before waking up under the powerful Resistance.

However, at this moment, more than half of their Unholy Resistance had already been Purification by Susu.

Next, it should be very easy to communicate.

[Susu: Be good, Demon Beast, Demon Beast. The dark power that corroded your rationality has been cleansed. Hurry up and become silly!]

At that moment, Yun An and the Abyss Demon Frog opened their eyes and felt the restraints of the surrounding Sea Cleansing Spirit. They panicked.

Now, their energy had been completely drained. Moreover, under the suppression of the Devour Space, they were unable to resist such a demigod-level Sea Cleansing Spirit.

Zizi!!!

The cleansing power was especially brutal.

“Shi Yu!!!”

Be it Yun An or the Abyss Demon Frog, they shouted Shi Yu’s name heartbreakingly.

Damn it, this human.

Now, Shi Yu had successfully advanced and become the person Yun An hated the most. He was even more hateful than Emperor Wu

This was because although Emperor Wu was hateful, at least he had been tortured to death by it. However, this Shi Yu made Yun An see no hope of defeating him.

“What do you want!!” The Abyss Demon Frog shouted.

It also regretted it.

Why did it take it so hard to find Yun An to hunt the Blue Sea Sprite!!

Looking at the Slime that bathed the panda, it only wanted to return to its newly awakened state and wait until the Mythical Era arrived, not appear too early.

“What do I want?” Shi Yu said. “The evil abyss faction can’t exist. It should have been cleansed in the first place.”

“Quack.”

Shi Yu’s summoning array appeared, and the Sea Cleansing Demon Duck appeared. After appearing, it immediately looked at the Abyss Demon Frog with red eyes.

“Quack!! (Yo! Your spirit is not bad. I’m the seventh battle power of the Shi Yu Guards, the ocean overlord. Nice to meet you.)”

Duckie said to the Abyss Demon Frog. Then, the power of the abyss lingered around its body.

Demon Frog: “?”

Sensing the cleansed abyssal power in its body and the huge abyssal power on the duck in front of it, the Demon Frog looked at the indifferent Blue Sea Sprite.

“Ahhh!!!” It struggled with all its might. They were f*cking double standards. It had a companion who was an abyss inheritance, but it wanted to exterminate the other abyss inheritances. It couldn’t afford to play anymore!!

“Quack!!” Duckie’s heart thumped. The quasi-divine skill of the Abyss Heart was activated. With Susu’s permission, it instantly passed through the Water Cage. The Water Technique Blade in its hand smoothly stabbed into one of the Abyss Demon Frog’s eyes. With a flash of light, it appeared behind the Abyss Demon Frog again.

At the same time, with the Demon Frog’s miserable cry, a black pearl-like eyeball appeared in Duckie’s hand.

Super divine-level resource, Eye of the Evil God!

Legend had it that it was the eye of the boss of the Abyss Race, the Abyss Evil God, who had invaded Blue Planet.

It was the culprit behind the inheritance of the Abyss Sea and the creation of countless Abyss demigods.

Generations of Blue Sea Sprites had tried to cleanse and seal it many times, but they had all failed.

It couldn’t be destroyed, and it was even harder to cleanse than the power of Yun An. It would only recognize its master in the hands of the Abyss Boss that had mastered the Heart of the Abyss. Otherwise, it would slowly disappear and be reborn elsewhere.

If he directly killed the Abyss Demon Frog, this Evil God Eye would probably disappear with it. Therefore, Shi Yu and the others had to let Duckie receive this super-divine resource.

“Ahhh! (Give me back my eye!!)” The Demon Frog roared, its eyes still flowing with water. They were black.

“Quack.” As for Duckie, it looked at this eyeball that contained the special power of the abyss and drooled. It didn’t feel that the other party was rejecting it.

Good job. With this as equipment, it could easily defeat the overlord of a mere land!!

In fact…

“This thing is too dangerous. You can’t leave it outside, and you can’t casually use it with you.” Shi Yu said to Duckie, “It’s not too late to give it to you when you can completely control it in the future.”

“At the moment, this is a research tool.”