Chapter 1179 - 1179 Sword Undying Dark Phoenix (2)

1179 Sword Undying Dark Phoenix (2)

“Meow ~” The short white cat enjoyed being petted happily. It felt that Shi Yu was gentler than it imagined.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“If you don’t pass the test, it’s dangerous to follow beside me. I’ll even send you back when the time comes.”

“There are still two newbies who want to undergo the test like you. One is a turtle, and the other is a snake.”

“Meow ~” The short cat no longer had anything to ask for. It didn’t matter. The test should be more violent!! In order to buy Shi Yu’s merchandise, it had lived frugally for a few months. It had already endured it and felt that there was nothing that could stump it.

Shi Yu smiled and continued to stroke it. It felt pretty good. Its fur was very smooth, much smoother than a panda’s fur. He just didn’t know if the other party could rely on this fanatical pursuit of celebrities to withstand the basic willpower training.

If it could succeed, the four holy beasts were almost searched.

At this moment, the gem cat and the Prediction Owl also got off the battleship and came to the cat nest.

“Teacher Ying, in that case, I’ll take this little guy away first.” At this moment, the Treasure Hunting Cat also discovered the gem cat and its eyes immediately lit up.

“Mi ~”

“Well, take it away, take it away,” the gem cat said indifferently. “I’m going back to sleep.”

“In addition, little guy, be mentally prepared,” it reminded the Treasure Hunting Cat.

He had already obtained the opportunity to become stronger. Whether he could persist depended on his love for Shi Yu and the others.

The cat looked confused.

Shi Yu chuckled and said, “Hurry up and go. It’ll be easier to work after you wake up.”

The gem cat: “?”

Are you still human? I just got home!

“Hehe.” The Prediction Owl also spread its wings and said, “I’ll get Principal Feng to hold a banquet to celebrate Shi Yu’s victory.”

The corners of Shi Yu’s mouth twitched. “You’re hungry yourself, right? Don’t bring me along. I’ll go sleep first.”

“Alright.” Shi Yu stood up and picked up the little white cat. “In short, welcome to the team. I’ll send you to the dormitory first and let you see your beloved university ginsengs.”

Dwarf Cat: Mi (๑•๑•๑)๑!!!

….

Shi Yu returned to the university dormitory after a long time. After returning, he fell asleep and threw the short cat to Ling, Buggy, and Baby Ginseng to take care of. He planned to let this cat be happy for a few days first…

Eleven, Susu, and the others were also sleeping like Shi Yu. Susu was alright next, but after Eleven woke up, the rhythm of life might change drastically.

The previous training intensity was no longer possible. Even if Blue Planet had already revived once, Eleven had to reduce the training intensity. No, it couldn’t train anymore. Otherwise, the entire team would have to provide for it.

At the moment, the graduation level in Shi Yu’s team was at the demigod level. At this level, even if they wanted to cause trouble again, they would be stopped by Shi Yu. At least, they had to wait until Blue Planet opened a higher level.

“Next goal… All demigods…” Shi Yu hugged his pillow and fell asleep. Although he had only activated the Taiji Domain for a while, this was activated by Shi Yu under the burden of a contract above his level. After defeating Yun An, he was also very tired.

Even if he had eaten a lot of supplements, his body couldn’t digest it so quickly. He needed his body’s control and deep sleep to adjust his state.

On the other side, Principal Feng didn’t disturb Shi Yu after knowing that he had returned. It probably wasn’t that easy for Shi Yu and the others to recover from the demigod battle.

In fact, that was the case. About a week later, Shi Yu showed signs of waking up. As for Eleven, it was the same. It slept even more soundly than Shi Yu.

If it weren’t for the fact that the pets had confirmed that Shi Yu was still alive, it would be very difficult not to feel that they had already fallen asleep.

“Ha ~ ~” A week later, Shi Yu stretched with full spirit. Secretary Ling quickly flew over and looked at Shi Yu, who was rubbing his eyes.

“I…”

“Seven days and seven hours,” Ling said.

“You answered very well. Don’t answer before me next time.” Shi Yu shook his head and said, “I slept for a long time.”

“It can’t be helped. Eleven resting in the Beast Taming Space will also consume your stamina, Master. It’s now at the demigod level. It just finished the battle and only recovered for a week. It’s all thanks to Baby Ginseng.”

“Therefore, the reason why I slept for so long is most likely because Eleven is draining my stamina… Let’s fight less next time,” Shi Yu said gloomily. “Speaking of which, Ling, have you calculated the strength of my physique that has reached the limit of my current level?”

“At that time, how many totem levels can it support?”

Ling had a headache. “There are too many unpredictable variables. If we don’t consider the attribute feedback of the contracted new pet, the breakthrough feedback of the contracted pet, and the feedback of the upgrade in the second space…”

“Master, train your physique to the current limit. It’s basically not a problem for your two pets to break through to the totem demigod level. After eating three divine-level resources, your advantage before the divine level will be very obvious, Master.”

“Two demigods?”

“This is only a conservative estimate. Little Purple’s breakthrough, Buggy’s evolution and breakthrough, and the upgrade of the second space and physical control talent… The variables brought by these are very big.”

“I understand,” Shi Yu said. “The most important thing now is to rely on adding points and nutritional supplements to quickly train my physique.”

“How’s that cat?” Shi Yu asked.

“As for Teacher Ying, she’s still sleeping. As for the short cat, it has already run to train with Turtle, Little Ice, and the others. The instructor is Buggy,” Ling said in a classification discussion.