Chapter 1178 - 1178 Sword Undying Dark Phoenix (1)

1178 Sword Undying Dark Phoenix (1)

It was unknown if its race name should be Treasure Hunting Cat or Gem Cat. At this moment, it was still sleeping in the cat nest.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Out of respect for Teacher Ying, Shi Yu would call it the Treasure Hunting Cat for the time being.

“After all, it’s cultivated towards the Four Spirit White Tiger of Heaven. If it succeeds, it indeed has potential that exceeds mine, but it’s too much in a short period of time,” the gem cat girl said.

The Prediction Owl said, “But that green dragon is even younger than the Iron-eating Beast. It’s only three years old.”

“Wind Kirin, not even two years old.”

“At this speed…”

Gem Cat Lady: ¥% #@¥

“But I still suspect that this thing can really evolve into a white tiger.” The Prediction Owl looked at the short-legged treasure-hunting cat.

At that time, a short-legged white tiger? It imagined it. It was completely lacking in deterrence.

While the two of them were still arguing, Shi Yu had already gone down and landed outside the cat nest of the treasure-hunting cat.

This was a little female cat. It was less than a year old, but its level had already reached the transcendent level.

When Shi Yu approached, the other party was still unconscious until Shi Yu knocked on the wall of the cat bed beside him.

Knock, knock, knock.

The short cat’s four legs trembled. It opened its black gem-like eyes and turned to look in the direction of the voice.

Then, he saw Shi Yu.

“Mi…”

It first blinked, then turned its head around again and closed it again. It lay back down and continued sleeping.

Shi Yu: “?”

About two seconds after sleeping back, the short white cat suddenly opened its eyes again and felt that something was wrong.

Although it was very weak, it sensed clear energy fluctuations. This was something it couldn’t sense in its dream.

“Mi!” It immediately rolled down from the pillow and stood on the ground with its four short legs. It looked at Shi Yu, and its cute face gradually froze.

In the next second.

It ran quickly. Although its limbs were very short, it didn’t seem to affect its running speed at all.

In an instant, this medium-sized and slightly long fat guy bumped into Shi Yu’s thigh and hugged it fiercely without letting go.

Cat to cozy up to someone powerful.jpg

“Mi!”

“Mi!! Mi!!”

Shi Yu was speechless. He was now in level-seven physical control and level-eight telepathy. The former could allow him to restrain his power close to a totem and reduce his consumption. His control over his body was even better than an overlord life form. The latter could long allow him to sense the changes in the emotions of other life forms.

For example, the change in the emotional fluctuations of this transcendent-level cat couldn’t be hidden from Shi Yu at all. Shi Yu immediately sensed its excited emotions. This emotional fluctuation actually far exceeded the excitement when the owl broke through previously. This made Shi Yu feel that perhaps Teacher Cat was right.

This little cat was indeed a little fanatical about chasing celebrities. It was far from as simple as it looked.

At this moment, the cat looked up at Shi Yu eagerly, looking like it couldn’t bear to let go.

“It’s pretty cute.”

Shi Yu bent down and pinched the back of its neck. He lifted it up and said, “I heard about you. Teacher Ying told me. Do you want to be my contracted pet?”

The short cat was stunned. It immediately nodded like a sewing machine with a look of anticipation, but then it was afraid that Shi Yu would refuse. It immediately shook its head like a rattle drum.

“Mi, Mi!!” It stared eagerly, meaning that it was good as long as it could follow beside Shi Yu. It knew everything, so it didn’t matter if it contracted it or not.

It, who treated Shi Yu and the others as idols, followed the self-disciplined Iron-eating Beast Legendary circulating in Ancient Capital University.

Regarding his knowledge standard, it was according to the university ginseng Legendary circulating in Ancient Capital University.

If it really couldn’t follow beside it, it was alright to let it take a photo with everyone. The short cat kept lowering its requirements humbly.

“This is cat boot licking, right!” In the battleship, the Prediction Owl said.

The gem cat girl said, “You don’t know the influence of Shi Yu and the others in Ancient Capital University. Fortunately, Shi Yu doesn’t live on campus anymore. Otherwise, the entrance of his dormitory would definitely be surrounded by ‘Shi Yu’s Fan Support Club’ every day.”

“The area around Shi Yu’s team at my resource bank is selling very well. As a bonus, it completely drives the sales of other resources.”

The Prediction Owl:???

Damn, so the surroundings of this cat nest were caused by him?

What kind of black-hearted business was he doing all day!

The Prediction Owl seemed to understand a little why it, the pet of the first-generation principal of the Imperial Capital University, had always been on the same level as a gem cat. This guy’s business sense seemed to be a little better than its own?

“Wait…” The Prediction Owl suddenly looked back at the cat nest.

At this moment, Shi Yu had already sat on the sofa. The short-legged cat was already lying on Shi Yu’s thigh, letting Shi Yu pet it as he pleased. Shi Yu was also petting it happily.

“No way, how did their relationship become so good so quickly!”

The gem cat girl said, “No one can resist the temptation of petting a cat. Shi Yu finally exposed his hobby! From the last time he ambushed me, I saw through his wolf ambition.”

“This guy definitely likes cats too.”

“It’s good to subdue a cat, lest it plots against me in the future.”

The Prediction Owl: “Ah, tell me in detail.”

Below, Shi Yu had already reached a consensus with the Treasure Hunting Shorty.

“You can follow beside me, but it’s very dangerous beside me. If you want to become my contracted pet, you have to undergo a certain test.”