Chapter 1173 - 1173 Starry Sky Era (3)

1173 Starry Sky Era (3)

“Senior Divine Source, is what you said in the live broadcast true?” President Lin was currently presiding over Dong Huang, but he was connected to Divine Source Legendary the whole time and watching the live broadcast.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Similarly, he was stunned the whole time. He was completely stunned. He felt that the battle power Shi Yu displayed was even more terrifying than he described.

President Lin really found it difficult to believe that a person could be so abnormal. It was only when Divine Source Legendary said, “It’s time to give up the position” that President Lin woke up.

What position could he give up? Divine Source Legendary had long retreated behind the scenes. Regardless of national affairs, he was the only president of the Dong Huang Association left in the highest position. Could it be that Divine Source Legendary had specified to hand the position of president of the Dong Huang Association to Shi Yu??

Although President Lin suspected Shi Yu’s governance ability, if he could abdicate, he would be the first to agree. This was because after being kicked to the position of president of Dong Huang by Divine Source Legendary, he had been busy with national affairs and didn’t have time to cultivate at all. Now that the Mythical Revival had happened, although he was already old, it wasn’t impossible for him to break through to the Legendary or even the divine level.

If he still worked hard on national matters, it would definitely delay his cultivation speed again. Although his power was good, his strength was better. No matter how high his position was, he should be tired of it after staying for a hundred years.

“I’m just saying. With Shi Yu’s personality, he probably won’t like these, right?” Divine Source Legendary saw through people very clearly.

Shi Yu said, “Indeed.”

Of course, it was purely because he didn’t fancy it anymore. If he were to be the president of the Dong Huang Beast Tamer Association during his Beast Tamer intern period, Shi Yu would be a hundred times more willing.

“After this battle, even if Shi Yu wants to be the first president of the Blue Planet Alliance, no one will doubt him. Next, if nothing goes wrong, the Blue Planet Alliance can continue to develop very smoothly, and it’s led by Dong Huang. Kid Lin, I’ll leave this to you,” Divine Source Legendary said.

President Lin: … So the president of the Dong Huang Association is still me??

“President Dong Huang, it sounds very interesting. President Lin, if you don’t want to be president anymore, I can represent you for a few years.” Beside him, the gem cat girl licked her lips. Ever since she became stronger, she had become bolder.

What President Lin? No matter how strong President Lin was, could he defeat a demigod?!

In any case, she looked like a person now. It shouldn’t be a problem for her to be the president of the Beast Tamer Association of Dong Huang, right?

According to the public opinion, President Lin might not necessarily be able to defeat her.

“Ah, this, you want to be the president? Then I can be a think tank.” The owl that participated in the demigod crusade was also arrogant at this moment, willing to assist the gem cat girl in becoming the president of the Dong Huang Association.

President Lin and Divine Source Legendary: ???

The Dragon God: …

President Lin: “Forget it, I’ll do it myself.”

However, it was indeed time to nurture an heir. He thought for a moment. Lu Qingyi might be not bad. She was young and strong… She mainly had a close relationship with Shi Yu. She would definitely receive Shi Yu’s full help.

“By the way.” At this moment, the battle ended. Shi Yu looked at Divine Source Legendary, the Dragon God, and the others and said, “There’s something else I forgot to share with everyone.”

“What is it?” the gem cat girl said.

Shi Yu looked at the gem cat girl with an energy value of 23.33333 million.

“Yun An wasn’t sent by the Abyss Race that invaded Blue Planet in the Mythical Era,” Shi Yu said.

“However, it’s not wrong for it to be from the same race as the Abyss Race led by the Abyss Evil God. The Yun Race and the Abyss Race are all from the same large race, just like how tigers, lions, leopards, and gem cats are all felines.”

The gem cat: “?”

“Therefore, the relationship between Yun An and the Abyss Race isn’t as deep as we imagined. It’s not an invader from the Abyss Race who came to test Blue Planet, and the truth… is that it’s actually a cosmic life form that escaped!”

“Escape??” The Dragon God and the others couldn’t help but say. It was very difficult to associate the word escape with Yun An, who had grown to the point where demigods dominated the east.

“Yes, escape.” Shi Yu looked at the Dragon God with more than three billion energy points.

“Yun An was also a native race on a certain planet. There was a stronger cosmic faction that invaded their planet. Only then did it escape from that planet. At that time, Yun An, who was in the form of an egg, turned into a meteorite and began to wander in the starry sky. In the end, it landed on Blue Planet and evolved into a meteorite life form, becoming Yun An.”

“Yun An invades the lives of their planets and calls itself universe overlords. However, it’s not the universe overlords who personally invade their planets. The ones who invade are only the universe armies under the universe overlords.”

“What?!!” Divine Source Legendary, President Lin, the gem cat girl, the Prediction Owl, and the others were shocked.

This was completely different from their previous guess!!

They originally thought that Yun An was an investigation soldier sent by the former invasion faction, the Abyss, but… the truth was actually like this?

“Universe overlord, what’s that!!” The Prediction Owl was shocked.

Shi Yu shrugged and said, “I deduce that it’s probably a very powerful life form in the starry sky of the universe. To be called a cosmic overlord, it’s probably stronger than the Worm Empress, the Abyss Evil God, and the cosmic Behemoth that invaded Blue Planet.”

“Stronger than them?” President Lin was extremely serious. How was this possible?

The Worm Empress and the Abyss Evil God were the leaders of the cosmic factions that invaded Blue Planet during the Mythical Era. As for the cosmic Behemoth, it was only a single individual with no other clansmen. However, it was the strongest existence among the three.

It was also the existence that posed the greatest threat to Blue Planet.

The worm coveted the life nutrients of Blue Planet. The Abyss Evil God took a fancy to Blue Planet’s environment, and the cosmic Behemoth purely wanted to rely on Devour Planet to grow. Blue Planet’s laws were incomplete, and it contributed the most!