Chapter 1177 - 1177 Taming The Cat (3)

1177 Taming the Cat (3)

It could be said that the cats of Ancient Capital University were living more comfortably than the Normal working class in a second-level city.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

In fact, some breeds of cats with high racial levels were even equipped with air conditioners and refrigerators. It couldn’t be helped. This was the tradition of Ancient Capital University, especially since Shi Yu had appeared in Ancient Capital University. With money, they were even more extravagant in various aspects.

For example, the cat that Teacher Ying mentioned had better treatment. After all, it was a monarch race. Although it was a wild cat, there was a high chance that it would be contracted in the future. It was worth investing in.

“Holy shit.” At this moment, Shi Yu looked at the cat nest and was stunned.

They were completely stunned.

This cat nest was filled with photos of him, Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng’s competition, and interviews.

Inside, a white short-legged cat was lying on a pillow with a printed university ginseng, sleeping soundly.

“Mi ~” He was still smiling and drooling.

“As you can see, this cat seems to have heard something from Ancient Capital University. It’s a little obsessed with celebrities. It’s your fanatical fan.”

“I reckon it doesn’t fancy other Beast Tamers anymore, but I feel that it’s still fated with you. If it’s suitable to nurture into a white tiger, just take it away. If it’s not suitable, just throw it away. In any case, Ancient Capital University can afford to raise it.” The gem cat girl was tired of talking. She took out a coconut from the fourth dimension spatial pocket and drank the juice.

Shi Yu: “?”

“No, although, explain why chasing celebrities and liking me makes its personality is distorted.”

The gem cat: “Ah, this, this, is this normal?”

The Prediction Owl also watched in a daze and said, “It’s abnormal. Why didn’t it worship the powerful Guardian overlord of Ancient Capital University and instead chased after a human? Ah Ying, is your charm so low?”

The gem cat: “?”

If you don’t know how to talk, you don’t have to say it. Climb, I’ll twist your head off!

“Forget it,” Shi Yu said.

“Since you say so, I’ll bring it to nurture for a few days to see if it can persist.”

“If it can adapt, it’ll subdue the contract. If it can’t, I’ll send it back to you.”

He had just taken a few looks. The level of its Resistance was extremely low, so it shouldn’t be the reincarnation of a big boss. The Mythical Revival didn’t react either. He felt that it was just as the gem cat girl had said, a genius hybrid cat with a mutated race.

To be honest, Shi Yu didn’t decide to bring it back to train for a few days because of the other party’s talent and the gem cat’s recommendation.

It was purely because he felt that this cat had very good taste. This kind of structure was very extraordinary. Perhaps it would do something big. This didn’t seem like something a young cat of a monarch race could do.

“That’s good.” The gem cat girl heaved a sigh of relief.

“Why do you look so happy?” Shi Yu looked at the gem cat suspiciously.

“No.” The gem cat immediately became serious.

It was mainly because this little cat was very annoying. It chased after its clone every day and said that it wanted to see Shi Yu, causing the clone to complain.

Now that Shi Yu was willing to bring it back and nurture it for two days, this cat should completely give up.

It had seen the extent of the inner scroll in Shi Yu’s team. Even it couldn’t bear to look at it. It didn’t think that this cat could last at all.

“Ah!” Suddenly, the Prediction Owl was shocked, scaring the gem cat.

“What are you doing?”

The owl said, “I just did a divination for that short cat a bit. I predicted that the other party’s strength will quickly exceed yours.”

The gem cat girl: Are you polite??? Can you not predict blindly if you don’t know how to predict? Stop talking!