Chapter 1175 - 1175 Taming The Cat

1175 Taming the Cat

It was the 180th year of the Alliance calendar. This year was destined to be remembered.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

After the news of Shi Yu killing two demigods swept through the world, dozens of totem countries responded to the Blue Planet Alliance again.

A faction with one demigod was already a top faction on Blue Planet, and Dong Huang had five. What kind of concept was that?

He could destroy whoever he wanted!

The most terrifying thing was that three of the five demigods were cultivated by Shi Yu!

If it was said that the various races didn’t know why the World Tree favored humans with the Beast Taming Space, they all understood now.

Any faction with some intelligence could know that Shi Yu’s Iron-eating Beast was only four years old!

A four-year-old Iron-eating Beast shattered the Demon God that had rampaged in the east five thousand years ago! This was a four-year-old?

After seeing Shi Yu’s Iron-eating Beast’s battle results, no one doubted Shi Yu’s cultivation ability.

Now, many demigod factions hoped to send their heirs and descendants to Shi Yu. Perhaps they had a chance of quickly becoming demigods.

Of course, it was uncertain if Shi Yu wanted it or not.

The four holy beasts had yet to be gathered.

His current thoughts were all on Emperor Shi, the empress, and the Dragon Emperor… Next, he could slowly take advantage of these emperors.

Shi Yu, who had been eating like a glutton at Emperor Wu’s place, had already fallen in love with this feeling.

“Senior Dragon God, goodbye.”

In the Dong Huang Sea Region, after Ling arrived, the Dragon God left and returned to Dragon Palace City.

Shi Yu, President Lin, and the others bid farewell to the Dragon God.

“I’ll wait for you in Dragon Palace City,” the Dragon God said to Shi Yu before leaving.

“I’m leaving too.” After the Dragon God left, Divine Source Legendary also bid farewell to Shi Yu.

“I’ve woken up for too long this time. I’m going back to sleep. During this period of sleep, Dong Huang will rely on you,” Divine Source Legendary said to Shi Yu, the gem cat, Lin Feng, and the Prediction Owl.

Although the laws had revived once, Divine Source Legendary felt that it wasn’t enough.

It was still too early. He wanted to sleep until seven years later when the Mythical Era completely returned before using his last strength to break through to the divine level.

“I understand.” Shi Yu nodded. It was easy. As long as no divine-level enemies appeared on the current Blue Planet, he felt that he should be able to take good care of Dong Huang.

“I’ll be busy next. I also have to deal with the aftermath of this incident,” President Lin also said.

After everyone bid farewell to each other, only Shi Yu, the gem cat, and the owl were left.

“Next,” the gem cat girl said, “go back to your homes and rest. Your burden is definitely not small.”

“Ha ~” She yawned and said, “I’m tired too. I’ll go back and sleep first.”

The Prediction Owl: “I’ll be a guest in the Ancient Capital. Big Boss Shi Yu, when are you going to the Ancient Capital to kill the Dark Phoenix? I remember I have this prophecy, right?”

“The Undying Dark Phoenix is ultimately a risk in the Ancient Capital. With your current strength, you should be able to easily solve the hidden danger!”

It rubbed its hands with a fawning expression.

The corners of Shi Yu’s mouth twitched. Alright, so he hadn’t forgotten. The success of these two prophecies had made him unsatisfied.

“I’ll also go to Ancient Capital University to rest. I won’t go to Ping Cheng anymore. Teacher Cat, where’s the surprise you mentioned? Don’t do it another day. I’ll follow you back now.”

The gem cat: “Ah.”

“I’m fine. It’s fine if Eleven, Susu, and the others sleep in the Beast Taming Space.” Shi Yu took out a bag of supplement divine beans.

“Alright then.” The gem cat girl shrugged.

Shi Yu said, “Also, hehe, when you’re done resting, Teacher Ying, you have to help. Work with Susu, Ling, and Buggy to modify the Legendary ruins that sealed the Black Meteorite Yak previously and transform them into ruins that sealed Yun An.”

Then, it would be handed over to the country and become a strategic renewable resource to nurture the Iron-eating Beast Corps.

The gem cat: “?”

I knew it wouldn’t be a good thing for you to go to the Ancient Capital so early!

Her eyes rolled and she returned to her gem cat form. She lay lazily on the chair of the battleship and said, “Let me rest first! In that case, send me back.”

Shi Yu chuckled… He had already given it so many resources. Who else could he squeeze dry if not him?

Prediction Owl: Ancient Capital Charge!!!

…

Ancient Capital University.

An aerial battleship flew over.

At this moment, Dong Huang was peaceful.

Shi Yu’s demigod battle in the Western Demon Sea did not affect this side.

The live broadcast he did was only targeted at the higher-ups of the seven countries and experts above the titled level in the Alliance. There were even fewer Legendary-level experts who were qualified to see it.

In addition, although the demigod battle caused a huge commotion in the world, and the aftermath of the power was sensed by countless powerful lives, it was only limited to powerful totems and the human countries in the west.

For a country like Dong Huang, which was relatively far away and had done very good land protection work, the aftermath of the power only had a slight impact on this side. Only some changes occurred in the coastal area. Inland areas like the Ancient Capital, it was basically still the same.

“Peace is so good.” Shi Yu sighed as he chewed the divine beans planted by the ginseng baby as a snack.

“Wow.” The gem cat really couldn’t stand the sound of Shi Yu munching on beans and also ran over to split the beans.

The Prediction Owl originally wanted to split it too, but it had just popped a few and was a little tipsy.

“What surprise are you talking about?” Shi Yu said when they finally arrived above Ancient Capital University.

“Crack.” The gem cat chewed on the beans and said, “Didn’t you ask me to pay attention to pets with pretty good talent that are suitable to be cultivated into the Four Holy Beasts White Tiger?”