Chapter 1180 - 1180 Sword Undying Dark Phoenix (3)

1180 Sword Undying Dark Phoenix (3)

“It started so quickly?”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“It said to adapt to life here as soon as possible.”

Shi Yu said, “Then how’s its adaptation?”

“Wu…” Ling said,” At the start, its body couldn’t withstand it much, but it was exhausted after a while. But when Buggy gave the reward mechanism, as long as it passed a Resistance test, it could obtain the entire team’s premium figurine. It immediately broke through the limit, and its Resistance level went from extremely low to low. From the current situation, it might have a chance to rely on the reward mechanism to withstand the test all the way. ”

Shi Yu : “…”

Buggy had become proficient in creating the Dragon God Phantom figurine. It had changed its profession to creating its own figurine.

“That’s good.” Shi Yu rubbed his temples and said, “I’ll go take a look at their training later.”

“Are Chi Tong and Susu alright?”

“It’s alright.”

Shi Yu touched his chin and said, “Then let Baby Ginseng wake Teacher Ying up when it’s free. I think it has also eaten a lot of supplements. Sleeping for a week is long enough. Wake her up. It’s time to work.”

“Oh, no, before I work, let her accompany me to the Undead Battlefield to take a look and meet the Undying Dark Phoenix.”

Before sleeping, Shi Yu had been thinking about the Undying Dark Phoenix. Now, he could go and meet it.

….

Half a day later.

The gem cat, which had been woken up by Shi Yu and the others, cursed and followed Shi Yu to the Undead Battlefield.

Initially, Shi Yu also wanted to call the owl, but as a rare time-element totem that could predict the future, this guy was temporarily summoned to the Alliance by President Lin. It seemed like he wanted it to be a high-level official. After the Prediction Owl heard that, it decisively went over.

When Shi Yu learned of this, he held his forehead. He didn’t know if it was reliable, but such a time totem that could predict the future was indeed worth offering.

At this moment, the team that headed to the Undying Dark Phoenix together was very powerful.

There was no need to talk about Shi Yu. Beside him, the one-meter-tall Panda King Eleven, Chi Tong in the form of a loli Sword Maiden, the green dragon in the form of a green worm, the ginseng baby in the form of a ginseng baby, Susu in the form of a water slime, Ling in the form of a Rubik’s Cube, and the gem cat in the form of a cat girl… The lineup could be said to be the strongest on Blue Planet.

On the surface, there were two demigod battle power.

In addition, Baby Ginseng could use the Time Fruit to temporarily turn its teammate into a demigod for a while. It could be said that it was fine if the Undying Dark Phoenix wasn’t an enemy, but if it was really an enemy… It wouldn’t be able to escape even if it had wings.

At this moment, after the gem cat’s morning anger disappeared, it also began to look forward to it.

There were too many secrets on this Undying Dark Phoenix. Curiosity was also exclusive to cats.

“I hope the rescue goes smoothly,” Shi Yu said.

After all, one Mythical resource and two legendary resources!

He looked at the other party like a good person!

“Mm…” Chi Tong frowned, not knowing how to deal with it. At its level, it recalled and felt that it indeed had the same bloodline as the Undying Dark Phoenix.

At this moment, when the army arrived at the Undead Battlefield, Shi Yu began to recall what the Undying Dark Phoenix had said at that time.

More than 2000 years ago, the Phoenix Race gave birth to hybrids and purebloods.

The mixed-blood faction pursued change and hoped to use mixed-bloods to make the Phoenix Race stronger. It was mainly to give their bloodline to humans who were close to the Phoenix and had huge potential. However, the pure-blooded faction pursued pure bloodlines and was unwilling to let humans share the resources of the Phoenix Race. Because of this, there was a conflict between the two parties.

The Undying Dark Phoenix was a powerful supporter of the mixed-blood faction.

Mu Huiyin was the first daughter created by the Undying Dark Phoenix. However, at this moment, the pureblood faction was huge. For the sake of its daughter’s safety, it had no choice but to send her away.

When the power of the hybrid faction occupied the top, it created a second daughter and supported her as the empress of Dong Huang. It even helped humans solve the totem battle after Emperor Wu Dynasty.

Unfortunately, the purebloods made a comeback at this moment. Not only did they kill it and let it enter a cursed state, but they also caused the empress dynasty to fall into war. The empress was nowhere to be found…

…

Outside the Ancient Capital, the Undead Battlefield.

At the bottom of the deep and dark cave.

A creature that looked like a dark Phoenix, its back covered in black feathers, its wings and tail wrapped in black and red flames, was still sleeping.

Ever since the Undying Dark Phoenix’s rampage ended, it had fallen into a deep sleep. It should have consumed a lot of strength.

Even if it was at the demigod level when it was alive, it should be Enfeebled after being sealed for so long.

In the outside world, above the seal, Shi Yu and the others shouted for a long time, but there was no reaction.

Buggy tried to enter the dream of the Undying Dark Phoenix first, but it couldn’t penetrate the seal.

“I only realized now. What a strong seal. Although I can forcefully break it with the power of a demigod, it should accidentally injure the Undying Dark Phoenix,” the gem cat girl said.

“I just studied it. The other party might not have lied previously. The core of this seal is similar to the sun. Unlocking it might also require the power of the sun.”

“I still want to talk to the Undying Dark Phoenix before unsealing it. In that case, let’s do it directly. Buggy, Ling, prepare yourselves. I’ll directly let Chi Tong try to break through the ruins,” Shi Yu said.

“Wu!” Buggy and Ling nodded and ran to create the second seal to prevent the Undying Dark Phoenix from going berserk after coming out.

At the same time, the loli Sword Maiden glanced at Shi Yu.

After Shi Yu nodded, it returned to its normal state and looked at the underground seal with a serious expression. It closed its eyes slightly and sensed inside.

In order to let Chi Tong crack the Effect better, the gem cat applied a nine-colored divine light to it and strengthened Chi Tong completely.

Boom!

In an instant, Chi Tong’s strength increased. It opened its eyes and took a deep breath. The sword in its hand slashed down, and the Sun Flame Sword light directly landed in the eye of the ruins with a boom. The earth space shattered!!