Chapter 1189 - 1189 Transmigrating To The Empress Era (4)

1189 Transmigrating to the Empress Era (4)

From the looks of it, after using the last of his strength to send the message, Shi Yu saw that the other party’s overlord mechanical pet that looked like an Index had already been completely switched off and fell into a dormant state.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

When Shi Yu saw Senior Gu like this, he immediately took out a sachet and dispersed the fragrance.

In the next moment, the white-haired Senior Gu Yun and the pets immediately looked better and slowly opened their eyes.

“Senior Gu, eat.” Shi Yu took out some spirit food with relatively mild nutrition that the team usually ate and used his Psychic power to control it to float in front of Senior Gu and the others.

Smelling the fragrance, they were like hungry ghosts as they crazily ate it.

After wolfing it down, the pale Senior Gu Yun’s face instantly turned much redder. At this moment, Gu Yun was very surprised. He had only drunk a few mouthfuls of milk tea and eaten a few dried fruits, but his body immediately felt warm and quickly recovered to a healthy state?

What kind of food was this?

Gu Yun knew very well how poor his condition was. What kind of food could allow him to recover so quickly so gently?

“Roar!!!” At the same time, he could also sense that his overlord pets had clearly only eaten a small portion, but they immediately became spirited. It was simply unbelievable.

“You are…” At this moment, after recovering slightly, Senior Gu Yun, who was sitting on the ground and leaning against a tree, finally noticed Shi Yu in front of him.

A young man in his early twenties.

He got up with Shi Yu’s help.

“Senior Gu, my name is Shi Yu, a newbie of Bureau 11. Lu Qingyi invited me to join the bureau. I happened to be near the Demon Capital. After seeing the message, I was the first to rush over,” Shi Yu said.

Senior Gu Yun looked at Shi Yu. “Newbie…”

“Yeah, it’s been six years.”

“Shi Yu, the food you gave us just now must be very precious. Thank you.”

He was sincerely grateful.

Shi Yu smiled and said, “You don’t have to worry about it. They’re all Normal food. They’re very nutritious and suitable for Enfeebled people to absorb.”

“Qingyi has invited an impressive genius,” Senior Gu Yun said kindly. How could those be Normal food? To be able to carry these things with him, this newbie from Bureau 11 was probably impressive.

He was definitely an archeologist with a legend aptitude and was being heavily nurtured by the association.

He wondered if Lu Qingyi had broken through to the legend level in six years.

“Senior Gu, are you feeling better?” Shi Yu asked. “I still have food here.”

Old Gu Yun hurriedly waved his hand and said, “There’s no need. It’s enough. I say, kid, do you know where this is…”

“Haha, Mythical Ruins.” The old man suddenly laughed.

“I’ve already cracked it. From it, I even obtained a Mythical resource! Haha, a Mythical resource in six years, not a loss!!!”

Senior Gu Yun looked at Shi Yu and said, “But this ruin is really dangerous. I almost couldn’t return. I was lucky to bring this Mythical resource back this time. You juniors, don’t take such a risk in the future.”

Gu Yun had already expected Shi Yu’s shocked expression. After all, Mythical resources and such archeological gains were enough to shock the archeological world.

“Mythical resource?!!” However, to Gu Yun’s surprise, this newbie, Shi Yu, was very composed. He was only slightly surprised.

Elder Gu was stunned. Not bad, not bad. His mental fortitude was not bad.

This newbie from Bureau 11 was quite outstanding.

In the current era where Bureau 11 was deficient, it was rare and precious. Gu Yun sighed. After this, he was prepared to retire and really didn’t have the energy to mess around with ruins. It was better to invest his energy in these new generations of Bureau 11 and nurture them.

He felt that Shi Yu, who had come to deliver food to him immediately, was not bad.

“Senior Gu!!!”

At this moment, the sound of a helicopter suddenly appeared in the sky. At the same time, a broadcast-like loudspeaker sounded. A helicopter-type mechanical life form suddenly landed here.

The helicopter landed not far away. A slightly plump middle-aged man in a gray formal suit immediately ran over nervously with a group of medical staff.

“Senior Gu!!! Are you alright!!”

“Little Huo.” When Senior Gu saw this middle-aged fatty, he immediately smiled and said, “I’m fine.”

“You’re a step too late. I’ve already been saved. It’s all thanks to Shi Yu. He happened to be nearby.”

The middle-aged man in front of him was the president of the Demon Capital Association, the legend Beast Tamer, Huo Di.

“Sorry, sorry, Senior Gu, we’re late.” At this moment, President Huo Di’s attention suddenly shifted as he looked at Shi Yu, who was nodding at him.

“President Huo, Senior Gu sent a message to Bureau 11. I happened to be nearby, so I rushed over first. However, he still has to undergo a full checkup. I’ll leave it to you,” Shi Yu said.

President Huo’s eyes widened.

“Legendary Shi Yu?!”

Holy shit.

Bureau 11 actually sent this god.

He almost suffocated.

As a Legend, he was already qualified to know some things and understand how terrifying the young man in front of him was.

One person killed two demigods!

The recognized strongest Legendary Beast Tamer of the Blue Star Alliance.

Speaking of which, the first time he heard of Shi Yu was at the Feeding Conference… Who would have thought that in a short period of time, this young man who was first unearthed by Bureau 11 had already grown to such a ridiculous extent?