Chapter 1183 - 1183 The Truth Of The Empress Dynasty (2)

1183 The Truth of the Empress Dynasty (2)

“Of course, even if you say it, we might do it in the end, but gently.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

As the Undying Dark Phoenix really had a bloodline connection with Chi Tong, Shi Yu and the others were not in a hurry to attack. After all, the other party was still fundamentally different from Yun An and the others.

“Ask away.” When Shi Yu finished speaking, the Undying Dark Phoenix didn’t open its eyes, but it spoke weakly.

Without the brutality when it just broke through the seal, its mind was cleansed by Susu and calmed down. Its mental force field also changed.

“Looking at your current attitude, what you told us previously is that the two internal strife between the Phoenix Race because of the hybrids and purebloods should be a fabricated story, right?”

“What exactly is your identity?”

The Undying Dark Phoenix opened its eyes again and looked at Shi Yu. “That story is true. From the perspective of the Phoenix Race, I’m indeed the mother of Mu Huiyin and the empress, but from the perspective of humans…”

“I was wrong about this. In the end, I brought this upon myself. I’ve understood that perhaps my soul dissipating is my best fate now.”

“I’ll tell you everything I know. Then, please let it end me,” the Undying Dark Phoenix looked at Chi Tong and said weakly.

“Tell me.” Shi Yu felt that the history hidden behind it might not be simple, so he asked.

The Undying Dark Phoenix said, “The origin of everything still starts from the Mythical Era…”

“According to the records of the Phoenix Race, the Mythical Era ended because of the war, and Blue Planet shattered. After that, the powerful gods of the Phoenix Race left Blue Planet one after another.”

“Only a small portion of the Phoenix Race that didn’t become gods stayed behind and evolved into the Phoenix Race in the future.”

“After a long time, the Phoenix Race slowly forgot about the Mythical Era. History was annihilated in time, but one day, a half-god of the Phoenix Race went to the starry sky to break through to the divine level.”

“However, it couldn’t break through to the divine level on this trip, so it was forced to return because it couldn’t withstand the environment of the starry sky.”

“At this moment, its lifespan is already coming to an end. It only wants to die in its hometown.”

“However, during the process of returning, it accidentally entered a Phoenix Race ruin in the starry sky.”

“That’s a mystic realm created by a Phoenix God who left Blue Planet in the Mythical Era. Inside is a secret treasure it brought back from the depths of the starry sky.”

“In terms of resource level, that secret treasure is even above the divine level. Back then, the Phoenix Race ancestor who brought it back called it a resource that exceeded the divine level.”

“Gaining a secret treasure. This Phoenix Race ancestor was originally very happy and thought that this was its hope of breaking through to the divine level, but soon, it regretfully discovered it.”

“This super divine-level secret treasure is sealed in the ruins. It doesn’t have the ability to take it away at all.”

When the Undying Dark Phoenix finished speaking, the expressions of Shi Yu and the others changed slightly.

“It brought the ruins back to Blue Planet and the Phoenix Race before dying.”

“Later, after the Phoenix Race’s research, they discovered that if they want to take away the resources, they probably need divine-level power.”

“Just demigod-level isn’t enough.”

“But in an era where the laws are incomplete, it’s impossible for divine-level power to appear.”

“At that time, in order to study the ruins, the Phoenix Race had already consumed a large amount of resources, causing the Phoenix Race to become much weaker. It was directly surpassed by the Dragon Race. After discussion in the race, in order to not let the Phoenix Race continue its endless investment and decline because of this ruin, they decided to seal the ruins and leave behind ancestral teachings. They would wait for the Mythical Revival before opening it.”

“From then on, this ruin became a forbidden area for the Phoenix Race and the most important place.”

“Until, in our generation, the Phoenix Race gave birth to two demigods. One was me, and the other was my sister.” The Undying Dark Phoenix looked at Shi Yu and the others.

“Sister’s talent has been better than mine since she was young. She suppressed me in every aspect. In the end, it was also this one who became the Phoenix Race Leader.”

“We all have the bloodline of the Sun God Phoenix, but it was even more outstanding. It took a step further and successfully evolved towards the Four Spirits of Heaven, the Vermillion Bird. At that time, it was known as the creature closest to the Vermillion Bird.”

“It even established a huge country and was worshiped as a god. Its citizens were spread throughout various races, and among them, the number of humans was the greatest.”

“At that time, I was very indignant. I wanted to surpass it, but there was nothing I could do.”

“Until I had a premonition dream.”

“The premonition dream told me that humans are the key to opening that Starry Sky Phoenix Race ruin. As long as I can open this ruin, I can become the strongest of the Phoenix Race and lead the Phoenix Race to a more prosperous peak, surpassing Sister. For some reason, I believed this premonition dream.”

“No, or rather, this dream only provided me with an excuse. I’ve long had this thought.”

“In the end, I chose an unacceptable path.”

“The Phoenix Race pursues the purity of bloodline, but in order to become stronger, I began to modify my bloodline and valued the potential of humans. I tried to modify the human body of human Beast Tamers and modify them into hybrids of the Phoenix Race. I hope to use hybrid humans as nutrients to make me stronger.”

“In fact, if I can use humans to break through to the divine level, I can lead the Phoenix Race to a new chapter.”

“During this period, tens of thousands of humans died because of my hybrid experiment. Some of them were captured from outside the Phoenix Nation, but their talent was not very good. In the end, I aimed at the humans who had undergone the Purification of the Phoenix Mystic Realm and had superior bloodlines. They were all believers of the Vermillion Bird and had outstanding talent.”