Chapter 1185 - 1185 The Truth Of The Empress Dynasty (4)

1185 The Truth of the Empress Dynasty (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“However, when Sister saw that Huang Xi had targeted a super-level resource, she also fought back with all her might.”

“In the end, according to what I know, Sister and Huang Xi perished together in the final battle. Huang Xi wanted to take away the super-divine-level resource in the Phoenix Race, but she encountered a trap set up by Sister in advance. The entire ruin disintegrated because of this battle, causing them and the entire ruin to fall into the spatial flux.”

“In the seal, after learning about their situation, I began to think of cracking the seal and obtaining a new life. I studied the seal and absorbed the death aura that filled this place to continue modifying my bloodline. In the end, I modified myself into this ghost appearance. Not only did I not crack the seal, but I also turned the surroundings into a dead land. The so-called curse and plague were also the consequences of my own actions.”

After the Undying Dark Phoenix finished speaking, it said, “I’ve already told you everything I know. Because of me, the entire Phoenix Race was almost exterminated. My daughter, who was originally close to me, also left me, and Sister lost her life because of this. The sins on my body no longer allow me to live in this world.”

The Undying Dark Phoenix was indeed very regretful now. If it hadn’t betrayed the Phoenix Race back then, the Phoenix Race wouldn’t have weakened to this extent. If it had reflected in time and didn’t attack the empress or make the empress become enemies with the Phoenix Race, perhaps the empress would be the one with the greatest hope of leading the Phoenix Race to the peak.

Unfortunately, every mistake caused so many evil consequences. Now that it had finally been rescued from the seal by a daughter, it still made the wrong choice. The Undying Dark Phoenix felt that its life was a failure.

Shi Yu and the others were silent.

They didn’t know if it was because Susu’s Sea Cleansing Spirit had taken effect, but they could feel that the Undying Dark Phoenix was indeed sincerely repenting.

However, what surprised Shi Yu, the gem cat, and the others was that so many twists and turns had happened during the era of the empress dynasty.

“Where’s the location of that cosmic ruin?” Shi Yu asked.

The Undying Dark Phoenix looked at Shi Yu and shook its head. “On a huge island, it’s called Phoenix Island. It’s the initial headquarters of the Phoenix Race.”

“However, if you’re also thinking about that super-level resource, I advise you to give up. The entire cosmic ruin was swept into the spatial flux because of the battle between Huang Xi and my sister. Phoenix Island also sank because of the war. It’s impossible to find it again.”

The Undying Dark Phoenix said, “Can you kill me now?”

The gem cat said, “Unfortunate. Aren’t super-level resources on the same level as the Eye of the Evil God!!”

The cat felt pity.

The Phoenix Race was really rich.

“Chi Tong.” Shi Yu looked at Chi Tong in the form of a Sword Maiden. Chi Tong shook its head, indicating that the Undying Dark Phoenix had nothing to do with her. Shi Yu could decide whatever he wanted.

In the end, Shi Yu was silent. He swept the gem cat and the others out of the Devour Space.

He planned to think about it before deciding how to deal with the Undying Dark Phoenix.

It couldn’t die yet. At least, it had to let Buggy enter a dream, Susu’s memory water drop, and verify its words to obtain more details.

….

“The empress actually perished with the sister of the Undying Dark Phoenix, a demigod who evolved towards the Vermillion Bird.”

“When the Undying Dark Phoenix was alive, it was really a demigod.”

“Super divine-level resources in the Phoenix Race…”

“The predecessor of the empress dynasty, the totem country, the Phoenix Empire…”

Shi Yu and the others, who had received countless information at once, felt an itch in their hearts. So this was how the Phoenix Race was almost exterminated.

Among them, Shi Yu couldn’t forget it the most.

He wanted Qi to bring them back to the era of the empress dynasty to take a look. Chi Tong’s little sister, the empress, died just like that. It was a pity. He had seen Emperor Wu, and he also wanted to see the empress very much.

So what was the super-level resource brought back by the Phoenix Race’s ancestor from the starry sky? Did the gods of Blue Planet really make a name for themselves in the starry sky?

He also wanted to ask how strong that genius sister of the Undying Dark Phoenix who was evolving towards the Vermillion Bird was.

“Everyone, I want to return to the space and time of the empress era to take a look. What about you?” Shi Yu asked his contracted pets and immediately received cheers from everyone.

Only Qi hit her head and said, “You’ve all broken through. I, I, I’ll be exhausted. Unless, Shi Yu, you help me add some quasi-divine skills to increase the proficiency of Space-time Travel. If you break through, you should be able to add some quasi-divine skills, right?”

Shi Yu’s face turned pale. He would die too…