Chapter 1182 - 1182 The Truth Of The Empress Dynasty

1182 The Truth of the Empress Dynasty

Undead Battlefield.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The Undying Dark Phoenix was extremely afraid, not understanding why such a plot would happen.

“Wait!!”

Seeing that Shi Yu and the others were about to attack, the Undying Dark Phoenix stopped them repeatedly.

“I just hallucinated because I was sealed for too long and was too hungry.”

As it spoke… it suddenly let out a sharp phoenix cry. The nether flames on its body immediately increased, and it wanted to fly away.

Under Shi Yu’s gaze, its energy level instantly increased from one billion to more than a billion and quickly approached two billion.

This was because the undead everywhere in the Undead Battlefield began to Spirit Release and become its nutrients because of the Undying Dark Phoenix’s breakthrough.

This scene made Shi Yu’s gaze involuntarily freeze. Fortunately, he didn’t come to save the Undying Dark Phoenix too early.

Not only did this guy have a connection with all the undead born from plagues and curses in the Undead Battlefield, but it could also instantly decide their life and death. It even maintained a very special connection with Chi Tong. If it were Chi Tong before its evolution, it would probably instantly become its bloodline nutrients.

However, even if the Undying Dark Phoenix had many trump cards, its first thought when it saw Shi Yu and the others was still to escape!

The Undying Dark Phoenix suspected that it was still dreaming and felt that it was too strange. It had only slept. When did demigod-level and quasi-divine skills become so common?

In its current state, it was definitely unwilling to fight a demigod head-on.

However, the Undying Dark Phoenix wanted to leave and continue absorbing the undead in the Undead Battlefield, but it had to ask Shi Yu and the others if they agreed.

Before long, the Undying Dark Phoenix’s expression changed. It realized that the space here was completely sealed.

Then, the young man opposite turned into a red-haired and red-eyed person. The shocking Sun Flame Sword Formation locked onto it around it.

“Wuu!!!” A black and white millstone crossed space and appeared above its head.

Apart from that, another sound of laws vibrated. The Undying Dark Phoenix looked at the phantom of the Blue Sea Saintess behind Shi Yu in shock.

“Third demigod, aren’t you the Blue Sea Sprite!!!”

“Why are you here too!”

It had seen the Blue Sea Sprite at its peak 3,000 years ago, but because of this, it couldn’t understand why the figure of the Blue Sea Sprite appeared here.

“Sun Flame, Yin Yang Millstone, Sea Cleansing Spirit, three cleansing Skills. Do you like them?” Shi Yu said.

The pupils of the Undying Dark Phoenix constricted.

Under the sympathetic expressions of Buggy, the gem cat, and Ling, a miserable cry came from the spatial barrier.

The towering emperor covered his ears and sighed. Pitiful, pitiful, even Yun An wasn’t in such a miserable state.

However, what depressed Baby Ginseng was that in this operation, it was also acting as a support healer and team doctor.

“Ah!!!!!!!”

The Undying Dark Phoenix’s scream was extremely penetrating, like a woman in labor. Shi Yu’s face tensed up when he heard it.

…

“Susu, Devour and seal it for a second cleansing.”

…

In the Infinite Devour Space, this was the third time a guest had come recently.

Previously, it was the Abyss demigod and the Yun Race demigod. This time, the Undying Dark Phoenix was considered the worst.

At the moment, Yun An was still undergoing purification.

Its mind and Resistance had yet to be completely cleansed.

Susu’s Sea Cleansing Spirit was very powerful when purified to the greatest effect. It could really make a bad person turn over a new leaf.

In history, many of the Abyss demigods who were lucky enough not to be killed by Susu had been completely cleansed by Susu of the power of the abyss and became the guardians of the sea.

If Yun An was cleansed to this extent, even if it was released, it wouldn’t pose a threat to Dong Huang. It might even become Dong Huang’s environmental ambassador.

However, the reality was that it definitely couldn’t be cleansed to this extent. After all, if it was completely cleansed, what if its meteorite fragment didn’t have the evolution Effect?

Therefore, at the moment, it was only a targeted partial cleansing. At least, it didn’t have too strong a resistance when it tried to atone for its penitence.

On the Undying Dark Phoenix’s side, after being imprisoned, it also continued to receive the baptism of the Sea Cleansing Spirit.

Susu didn’t hold back against this guy. It directly underwent the greatest power cleansing. Not only did it have to cleanse its mind and Resistance, but it also had to cleanse the power on its body. After all, this guy’s entire body was covered in plague and curses. Apart from creating uncontrollable ferocious spirits, there was no other use for it.

Because this guy’s strength was insufficient for a demigod, and the most suitable was a quasi demigod like the Tyrant Dragon King, it was not difficult to cleanse.

“Ah!!!!!”

After a long time, the Undying Dark Phoenix woke up from its coma. Its strength had already been weakened by various cleansing methods.

It opened its eyes with difficulty and saw Shi Yu and the others standing neatly in front of it. Its eyes were dead.

“Kill me…”

“Congratulations, the plague and curse on your body have already been cleansed. In theory, you should have recovered your self-awareness and rationality,” Shi Yu congratulated.

“Why are you so anxious to die?”

“Otherwise, why would you spend so much effort to find someone to save and cleanse you?”

“Or is what you said previously a lie?”

The Undying Dark Phoenix opened its mouth slightly and finally looked at the Sword Maiden Chi Tong standing beside Shi Yu in silence. It closed its eyes again, not wanting to explain too much.

“It does seem to have sobered up a little, but it’s still not enough,” the gem cat girl said curiously.

So what exactly was going on?

“Are you planning to say something? Is there something you can’t say?” Shi Yu asked. “If you don’t want to say it, we’ll extract your memories. It might cause you a certain amount of damage.”