Chapter 1181 - 1181 Sword Undying Dark Phoenix (4)

1181 Sword Undying Dark Phoenix (4)

Buzz!!!

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

In the next moment, orange-red Sun Flame power rose from the ruins.

Effective!

Sun Flame could really unlock this ruin with the lowest strength!

“Jiu!!!!!” At the same time, in the depths of the ruins.

The Undying Dark Phoenix, which was bathed in black and red flames, suddenly opened its eyes and let out a cry.

A terrifying creature gradually revived with the cry of a phoenix and the death flames.

At this moment, it was suddenly awakened. The Undying Dark Phoenix was still puzzled, but a moment later, it was overjoyed.

It was unsealed.

Someone began to unseal it through the Sun Flame.

It immediately sensed the familiar bloodline fluctuations.

“I didn’t expect my good daughter to grow to this extent in such a short period of time. What a powerful bloodline power…”

The Undying Dark Phoenix was extremely excited.

This was actually its second awakening during this period of time.

The first time it woke up was when the laws revived. At that time, it was awakened.

Unfortunately, he still couldn’t break through the seal with the change in the environment. Soon, he fell asleep again.

This time, it was really awakened.

It was extremely excited. It looked like the investment in the Undying Fruit and the two Sun Flame Flowers was not wrong. After the other party mastered the ability to unseal this ruin, it immediately came to save it. Its speed was faster than it imagined.

Because although the resources it left behind could allow Chi Tong to quickly increase to the totem level, that Beast Tamer would most likely be a burden, but from the looks of it, there didn’t seem to be?

But it had only been such a short period of time. There was no reason for that young man to have reached the legendary level. Could it be that after the revival of the laws, it was easier for humans to increase their level?

Forget it, forget it.

After the ruins broke through, the Undying Dark Phoenix directly dragged its body and bathed in the cursed flames and sun flames as it flew into the sky outside.

In the next second.

The Undying Dark Phoenix flew in the outside world. Its huge evil flame body that was nearly a hundred meters tall made it look majestic. After flying in the outside world, its eyes flickered with a dark light as it stared at Shi Yu and Chi Tong in the form of a Sword Maiden.

“Hahahahahaha ~ ~” A huge laugh resounded through the Undead Battlefield.

“Good daughter, thank you.”

“I’m really touched, but it’s better to do good things to the end.” It stared at Chi Tong and said, “I’m so hungry, so hungry, so hungry… You’re already so strong. You should give me some.”

“After absorbing your power, I should be able to return to the peak.”

Demigod level… And a powerful demigod not inferior to a dragon!!!

“Jiu!!!!” In the next moment, it let out a high cry again, as if it had activated some special Skill. On the other side, Chi Tong’s expression suddenly changed. It felt that the power of the Phoenix bloodline in its body immediately left its control and was about to be pulled out.

Chi Tong could sense that the Undying Dark Phoenix opposite was not strong and not at the demigod level, but it had a very powerful restraining effect on it, making it very difficult for it to resist with the power passed down by Mu Huiyin.

It was as if the other party had used some skill that specialized in countering the descendants of his bloodline.

“What are you doing?” Chi Tong’s eyes were filled with anger as it looked at the Undying Dark Phoenix.

However, although it couldn’t resist with the bloodline power passed down by Mu Huiyin, as the sword intent lingered in Chi Tong’s eyes, shocking sword aura erupted from its body. In an instant, the Immortal Slaying Sword Formation broke through all restrictions. A shocking nomological Sword Chant erupted, instantly cutting off the bloodline connection between the Undying Dark Phoenix and Chi Tong!!

Boom!!!

The four swords lingered, and the cry of the Law Sword resounded through the world, shattering all the flames. Sword aura lingered, making the Undying Dark Phoenix opposite suddenly widen its eyes.

Quasi-divine skill, how was this possible!

“Hey, what a joke.” At this moment, not only Chi Tong, but Shi Yu and the others also had unfriendly expressions.

Boom!!!

Demigod Eleven suddenly increased to a hundred meters tall and entered the Chaos Panda form. It looked at the Undying Dark Phoenix tyrannically.

The gem cat girl revealed an as expected expression. With a swing of its tail, its aura rose steadily. The power of a demigod was undoubtedly displayed. The luster of the gem eye spread as it looked at the Undying Dark Phoenix in shock.

Wasn’t this guy a little too anxious? He had just come out and dared to attack without figuring out the situation?

So what the other party said should be fake? Then what was the truth? The gem cat felt that it should know after completing the “cleansing”.

Boom!!!

The full-level deterrence from Buggy, Baby Ginseng, Susu, Ling, and the others rose with a bang and suppressed over. At this moment, the Undying Dark Phoenix, which was just about to absorb the power of Chi Tong’s bloodline, was suddenly stunned. Its eyes widened even more, and it almost felt that it was difficult to breathe.

“Two demigods…” It looked at the panda in shock and felt that it was a little familiar. Then, it looked at the cat girl and also felt that the other party’s life fluctuations were a little familiar.

Weren’t these two guys the bear and cat that followed this human Beast Tamer when it first woke up?

It remembered that among the two at that time, one was clearly only commander rank, and the other was only overlord rank.

How long had it been? How could it have reached the demigod level? Impossible!!!

It could still understand why Chi Tong’s level had increased so quickly. No, it couldn’t understand at all. At this moment, the Undying Dark Phoenix couldn’t understand at all why Chi Tong had mastered a quasi-divine skill with just two Sun Flame Flowers and an Undying Fruit!!

It even completely escaped the restraints of a top-notch bloodline and cultivated a sword-type quasi-divine skill that exceeded its race!

Shi Yu said, “Come on, I forgot. You haven’t had time to cleanse your curse and plague. Looks like your rationality has been corroded. It’s not too late to cleanse now.”

“Impossible!!!” The Undying Dark Phoenix shouted, almost covered in sweat.

He kept feeling that it was a little different from the script he had expected.