Chapter 1186 - 1186 Transmigrating To The Empress Era (1)

1186 Transmigrating to the Empress Era (1)

Ancient Capital University!

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Shi Yu and the gem cat solved the hidden danger of the Ancient Capital, the Undead Battlefield, without anyone noticing.

He hid his merits and reputation and returned to Back School.

Unfortunately, from now on, the Undead Battlefield would be crippled, and there would be fewer and fewer undead.

But it wasn’t a big problem. This kind of training place was too dangerous, so it was fine not to.

When the time came, Shi Yu could completely build a better training place for the Ancient Capital.

To put it bluntly, the Undead Battlefield was a dangerous place affected by a top-notch totem that had fallen from a demigod.

Which pet in Shi Yu’s team was inferior to it?

Shi Yu casually patted his head and could think of ten training locations that were not inferior to the Undead Battlefield.

Then, Shi Yu and the gem cat girl returned to Ancient Capital University.

He found Principal Feng.

“Shi Yu, you’re awake??”

Principal Feng, who was watering the plants and stepping into retirement, was very surprised to see Shi Yu and the gem cat girl appear.

He could be said to have nothing else to ask for now.

The school had the strongest Legendary and the weakest demigod. What else was there to work hard for? They just had to lie flat.

His name would definitely be recorded in history with the names of Shi Yu and the gem cat.

After a few days of fermentation, although the world still didn’t know which level Shi Yu had broken through to, that battle directly changed Shi Yu’s title from “world legend” to “strongest Legendary”.

After being numb for a few days, Principal Feng gradually accepted it.

After all, even his granddaughter had become a titled legend. It was not a big deal for Shi Yu and the gem cat to become Legendary battle power and demigod battle power.

“From the looks of it, you don’t look like you just woke up.”

Principal Feng looked at the energetic Shi Yu and the others with unsatisfied expressions.

“Roar, roar, roar.” Eleven, who was following beside Shi Yu, touched its stomach and asked if the university could still provide food.

A Yin Yang Millstone had just come. Although it had controlled its power, it was still hungry.

Principal Feng’s expression darkened. “I… It can’t anymore!”

Shi Yu, this panda, was already at the demigod level. It could eat all of Ancient Capital University alone!

Shi Yu’s entire team… could eat up the Ancient Capital!

Shi Yu had slept for seven days since Shi Yu returned and Principal Feng could tell that he was no longer human!

It was better to let Shi Yu and the others think of a way to solve it themselves!

“Wu…” Eleven lowered its head aggrievedly. Principal Feng, you’ve changed. In the past, you always made me eat everything.

“Indeed, I didn’t just wake up. After waking up, I dragged Teacher Ying to the Undead Battlefield for a walk,” Shi Yu said.

Principal Feng: “I went to the Undead Battlefield for a walk…”

He suddenly had a bad feeling.

“What did you do?”

“I let the Undying Dark Phoenix out along the way,” the gem cat girl said.

Principal Feng’s eyes rolled back and he almost fainted from fright. Why did they act on their own!!

But soon, he realized that… it didn’t seem to be a big problem?

He instantly imagined the scene of the Undying Dark Phoenix breaking through the seal and seeing three to four demigods surrounding him.

That felt so good…

“So, so is what the Undying Dark Phoenix said previously true?” Principal Feng immediately asked.

Shi Yu and the gem cat girl looked at each other and said to Principal Feng, “It’s Yun An’s neighbor now.”

Principal Feng understood. Villain, right? He knew that this Phoenix wasn’t a good person!

“But the Undying Dark Phoenix is indeed the empress’s mother.”

Principal Feng widened his eyes and immediately had an extremely hungry expression. “Quick, tell me…”

Who wasn’t an archeologist?

“Wait, a message,” Shi Yu said in embarrassment. “President Lin.”

A moment later, Shi Yu finished replying.

Principal Feng asked, “What is it?”

Shi Yu said, “It’s nothing. He brought the Prediction Owl to a meeting in the Alliance. Teacher Owl suddenly broke through for a while in the meeting and asked me what was going on.”

“Forget about them. Let’s continue.”

Principal Feng: …

The gem cat: “Damn it!”

…

Then, Shi Yu told Principal Feng the secret of the empress dynasty.

Principal Feng sighed continuously!

After satisfying his curiosity, Principal Feng fell into a sigh.

He really wanted to witness it personally!

It could be said that it wasn’t just Shi Yu. Every archeological Beast Tamer had the feeling of wanting to participate personally after learning a lost history.

Unfortunately, they didn’t pray.

“Well, so I’ll leave the Undead Battlefield to you to deal with the aftermath,” Shi Yu said.

Principal Feng : “…”

He knew that Shi Yu’s goal in telling him about this was definitely to push the blame.

“I understand, I understand. Leave the rest to me.”

“Are you going back to the icy plain?” Principal Feng asked.

“No, I still have to stay here for a period of time,” Shi Yu said.

Shi Yu temporarily had no intention of leaving Ancient Capital University. After all, he still had to work with the gem cat to seal Yun An.

If the gem cat worked harder, Buggy and the others could work less…

The premise was that the gem cat didn’t let him take care of food.

“Alright, I’ll see if I can call Qingyi back,” Principal Feng said. “She definitely wants to know about the empress. When the time comes, you can tell her.”

“No problem.” Shi Yu nodded.

About a week later.

Yun An was sealed in the Legendary Ruins by Shi Yu and the others and sent to Wu Ling City.

Senior Ji Mengzhu’s hands were almost trembling as she took the ruin she had personally given Shi Yu.

She didn’t expect that after going around in circles, the family heirloom would return to her. Moreover, it had changed from a tool to seal a top-notch totem to a tool to seal the half-god Yun An.