Chapter 1188 - 1188 Transmigrating To The Empress Era (3)

1188 Transmigrating to the Empress Era (3)

Apart from that, there was also a more comprehensive attribute feedback.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

However, in the end, no one of these three were chosen.

He used Chi Tong as the first candidate. This was an additional reward for being first in the previous team. Apart from that, there was another reason. Shi Yu and the others were tired of staying and planned to go to the empress era to play.

Shi Yu and the others’ current situation was that because the breakthrough had become too strong, the pressure when Qi transmigrated would be much greater than before.

However, due to the restriction of Qi’s will, it was too early to add points. Although Qi later expressed that she didn’t mind and could transmigrate with Shi Yu and the others if she consumed more energy, Shi Yu couldn’t bear to.

Therefore, after two months of training, Shi Yu successfully did something else.

Shi Yu transferred Qi from the contract of the second Beast Taming Space to the first Beast Taming Space and officially promoted Qi to the first team.

After arriving at the first team and enjoying the nourishment of the level-eight space, Qi was immediately strengthened. At this moment, the consumption would be much lower if she transmigrated with Shi Yu and the others.

Unfortunately, Shi Yu had only trained his body in the past two months and ignored the upgrade of the second space. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have gone through so much trouble to let Qi move.

As he was going to the empress era next, keeping the breakthrough opportunity for Chi Tong was definitely the best choice.

Because the empress dynasty was the era of the Phoenix. At that time, opportunities were everywhere for the Phoenix. If Chi Tong wasn’t allowed to break through and evolve in one wave, it would simply be a waste of the opportunity to transmigrate.

He also wanted to take a look at the super divine-level resources of the Phoenix Race. It was said that only divine-level power could take them away. If Chi Tong wasn’t even a demigod, it would definitely be difficult for Shi Yu to take them away.

If Chi Tong reached the demigod level, could possess him, eat the Time Fruit, and sacrifice more than ten totem-level scapegoats… Shi Yu felt that it wasn’t impossible to instantly reach divine-level battle power.

In the past two months, Chi Tong had done nothing else. It took out its bird spirit and phoenix spirit form, which was the bloodline from the Undying Dark Phoenix, and squeezed them into clones.

This way, not only could it escape the influence of the Undying Dark Phoenix, but it could also only inherit Mu Huiyin’s talent and be itself.

As for the Phoenix clone, Shi Yu and the others planned to nurture it towards the Vermillion Bird to see if it could succeed. Apart from the existing cultivation methods, Shi Yu was also about to return and learn from the Undying Dark Phoenix’s sister. Wasn’t the other party known as the Sun God Phoenix that had mastered the power of the Starry Sky Vermillion Bird, the demigod closest to the Vermillion Bird…

Therefore, now, Chi Tong’s image had already become a humanoid sword spirit. The one standing on the Phoenix clone and holding the sword… was the Phoenix Sword Maiden!

The next stage of evolution was the Vermillion Bird Sword Maiden holding the Immortal Slaying Sword Formation.

…

“Let’s go!!!” After cultivating bitterly for two months, Shi Yu was extremely excited. He could finally travel through space and time again.

They chose an auspicious day and quickly set off.

Shi Yu flew through Psychic power and didn’t ride on his pet to enjoy the vastness of the sky.

However, just as Shi Yu passed through the Demon Capital, he suddenly braked and stopped flying towards the Space Island.

He looked at his cell phone with a surprised expression.

It was a person who sent a message in the Bureau 11 group.

The sender was Gu Yun.

The only person who was absent from the last Bureau 11 meeting.

It was that veteran of Bureau 11, the former strongest archeologist of Dong Huang who could be said to be the director of Bureau 11.

Through the ruins, this senior had helped Dong Huang obtain two Mythical resources alone. More than ten legendary resources. He was quite a legendary figure.

Unfortunately, it was said that he had gone to explore a Mythical Ruins and had not come out for five years.

At the same time, he told no one to disturb him and look for him. Otherwise, not only would they not help him, but they would also do something bad with good intentions.

An Expert like him was indeed qualified not to let others point fingers.

At this moment, he sent a group message. This meant that… he had successfully cracked the Mythical Ruins and came out??

The message was just sent a few seconds ago. In the ruins for several years, it was also rare for cell phones to still have electricity. It should be a mechanical life form.

Gu Yun: “I’m out. I’m outside that ruin now. My pet and I haven’t eaten for a long time and have lost our mobility. We’re very hungry now. Anyone. Hurry up and send some food over…”

In the group: “!!!”

Lu Qingyi: “Senior Gu?!”

Li Lianping: “Who’s near the Demon Capital?”

Ke Yingzong: “Senior Gu, don’t worry. I’m contacting the president of the Demon Capital Association, but the food of the seven overlords might take a while to prepare.”

Fang Lan looked at the chat and trembled.

Shi Yu looked at the coordinates and was silent for a moment. “I happen to be near the Demon Capital. It’s very close. I’ll send some food to Senior Gu first.”

Lu Qingyi: “Shi Yu, are you there? Please.”

Shi Yu didn’t expect to encounter a senior from Bureau 11 who cracked the ruins and came out of seclusion on the way.

Staying in the Mythical Ruins for six years… The resources brought at the start were probably completely insufficient to support the other party’s activities.

They had finally come out this time. They must be starving.

Shi Yu’s entire team could understand the feeling of hunger.

After looking at the coordinates, Shi Yu quickly ran towards the location of the Demon Capital Mythical Ruins recorded in Bureau 11’s Index.

It didn’t take long for Shi Yu to reach the location.

At this moment, Senior Gu Yun was lying weakly on the ground with seven overlord-level pets. The surroundings were like a primitive forest. The old Senior Gu was already skin and bones. His overlord-level pets were also extremely weak.