Chapter 1184 - 1184 The Truth Of The Empress Dynasty (3)

1184 The Truth of the Empress Dynasty (3)

“However, the truth always comes out, there is no concealing the truth. I was discovered by my sister and it was very angry. It immediately forbidden me from continuing to modify my bloodline and stop this nonsense. It also wanted to judge me. According to the clan rules, it wanted to lock me up for a thousand years to reflect. I was naturally unwilling, so I led the clansmen who followed me to fight it.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“During this period, I secretly sent one of my proudest daughters, who contains my bloodline, out of the Phoenix Nation in advance, worried that she would be injured.” The Undying Dark Phoenix looked at Chi Tong.

“The internal strife lasted for a long time.”

“We suffered a crushing defeat in this battle, but on account of our old feelings, we were lucky enough to successfully escape. I led a portion of the Phoenix Race to leave the Phoenix Nation and come to Dong Huang to find that perfect hybrid.”

“Unfortunately, I can’t find her anymore.”

“In addition, our vitality was greatly injured, so we opened a new mystic realm and fell into a deep sleep to recuperate. This sleep lasted for a thousand years.”

“After waking up again, I picked up the plan and continued to create a large number of Phoenix hybrids, establishing a new faction in the east, the Phoenix Empire.”

“Because there were no totem demigods in the east at that time, we quickly became the number one faction.”

“A large number of mixed-blood Beast Tamers of the Phoenix Race also became the batch of human Beast Tamers with the best talent in the east at that time. Among them, Huang Xi was the Empress Dong Huang you mentioned. She was one of them.”

“In the beginning, her talent potential was actually not good among the many Phoenix hybrids.”

“She’s a late bloomer. No one expected her to become a legendary Beast Tamer who can fight demigods in the end.”

“Actually, from the moment we woke up and rebuilt the Phoenix Empire, Sister has already noticed us.”

“Seeing that we don’t repent and continue to challenge the Phoenix Race’s rules, it’s completely angry this time.”

“The Phoenix Race won’t allow their bloodline to flow to other races at all, nor will they allow the bloodline of their race to be tainted.”

“Therefore, the Phoenix Nation, which was far away on the overseas island, became the greatest enemy of the Phoenix Empire.”

“Both parties started the totem battle again.”

“Retrieving my home and proving that I’m the orthodox one, taking away the super-divine-level resources left behind by the ancestor of the Phoenix Race, has also become the primary goal of the Phoenix Empire I lead.”

“This time, because of the existence of the hybrid Beast Tamer, we’re not at a disadvantage.”

“In fact, as Huang Xi exceeded everyone’s expectations and became a Legendary Beast Tamer, our strength has already exceeded the Phoenix Nation, forcing Sister and the others to retreat step by step.”

“At this moment, I realize that the time is ripe. We’ve tampered with every hybrid Beast Tamer. We can use them as sacrifices and turn them into nutrients for our growth.”

“I judge that if I absorb Huang Xi, my strength can definitely become a peak demigod not inferior to the Blue Sea Sprite. I can even surpass the demigod level and become a divine level.”

“Therefore, I attacked. However, I didn’t expect that I had underestimated her. Her strength had long escaped my control. Although the backup plan I left behind was useful, I was still killed by her.”

“However, because I ate the Undying Fruit, I successfully revived and became an undead.”

“Perhaps it’s also because of kinship. After that, she didn’t completely kill me. She only sealed me.”

“This is all I’ve experienced since I was sealed here…” The Undying Dark Phoenix sighed.” Huang Xi is a good child. You look very similar. I’ve let you down. I actually wanted to use this method to become stronger. ”

The Undying Dark Phoenix looked at Chi Tong and repented.

Shi Yu and the others also fell into deep thought.

On the other hand, Chi Tong heaved a sigh of relief. After completely confirming that it didn’t have a deep mother-daughter relationship with the Undying Dark Phoenix, it was relieved. If Mu Huiyin didn’t acknowledge its bloodline, it was the same. It only needed Shi Yu.

This bloodline brought too much suffering to Mu Huiyin, and it even made Mu Huiyin take the initiative to strip the bloodline away later. After Little Chi Tong heard the source of the bloodline, if it weren’t for the fact that this bloodline could bring him strength and allow him to protect Shi Yu better, he would also want to give it up.

As expected, it felt that there was a reason why it liked the sword skill Mu Huiyin left behind more and not the power of the Phoenix.

“What happened after that?” Shi Yu asked.

“How did the empress dynasty perish and how did you become like this?”

The Undying Dark Phoenix said, “In the end… after I was sealed, Huang Xi changed the national name of the Phoenix Empire to Dong Huang. Compared to the identity of the Phoenix Race, she acknowledges her identity as a human more.”

“The Phoenix Totem Nation finally became a human country.”

“She ended the totem war in the east in one go. With the strength of a Legendary Beast Tamer, she let the east enter a peaceful era again. However, many years later, Sister broke through and started a war with Dong Huang again.”

“The years of war have already made the conflict between the two parties irresolvable.”

“Sister is much stronger than me, but after Huang Xi grew to the peak, she became even stronger. Not only am I not her match, even after Sister broke through, she’s no longer her match.”

“She led the Phoenix Army alone and blocked Sister and the others outside the country.”

“After having the advantage, Huang Xi wants to take another step forward and take away the legendary super-divine-level resources left in the Phoenix Race.”

“She’s been very strong since she was young. Legendary isn’t the end she wants. This resource might be able to allow her to take another step forward.”