Chapter 1187 - 1187 Transmigrating To The Empress Era (2)

1187 Transmigrating to the Empress Era (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Ji Mengzhu looked at the item and thought about him. She felt that at this moment, Emperor Wu and her father’s spirits in heaven could also be comforted.

“Your progress is still too slow.” After Shi Yu and the others left, Ji Mengzhu said to Lin Xiuzhu, “Shi Yu… When I met him, he was only a level-six Beast Tamer. Now, he’s already the strongest Legendary. If you want to catch up to him like this, according to the normal training method, it’s completely not enough.”

Senior Panda smiled bitterly. “Then what should we do? It’s alright, I won’t chase anymore. I’ll nurture the Iron-eating Beast Corps for him.”

Ji Mengzhu sighed. Yes, what should they do? Shi Yu was like Emperor Shi of the Time Emperor Era, Emperor Wu of the Emperor Wu Era. No, he was stronger than them.

In this situation, how could his peers catch up? Even if they had Legendary aptitude, it was completely insufficient.

After all, the current Shi Yu was recognized as the strongest Legendary on Blue Planet.

On Shi Yu’s side, without the Legendary Ruins, the turtle, Little Ice, and the short cat had also changed their training environment.

It wasn’t the Blue Sea Ruins, but a portable mystic realm created by Buggy itself.

This way, it would be easier for it to modify the training environment, and it would be more convenient to train the will of the four heavenly beasts’ followers.

After finishing his work here, Shi Yu could finally busy himself.

His current goal was to become a demigod. It was best to wait until the Mythical stage completely revived. Once he broke through, he would directly be invincible at the divine level.

…

Shi Yu’s first goal was to add points to Little Ji and Duckie and pull their super Skills to the current limit.

Using this and Baby Ginseng’s supplements to increase his physique…

As for Qi’s spatial travel, the current success rate of teaching was extremely low. Shi Yu really didn’t dare to teach it. He decisively threw Qi to Buggy to continue the special training of Resistance. At least, he had to have the overlord’s Resistance before coming!

If he wanted to add points, he could train his Resistance!

As for Duckie and the others’ quasi-divine skills that already had the overlord’s Resistance, Shi Yu actually dared to teach them. This was because as he broke through, the success rate of teaching those quasi-divine skills had already reached a low level.

Coupled with multiple supports, although the consumption was huge, there might be a success rate.

Apart from that, because of this breakthrough, a pile of super top-notch Skills with a success rate of 0 also had a success rate. Unfortunately, it was also extremely low.

For example, Eleven’s Demon God Body and Thunder God Armor could actually be fused. Although the success rate was extremely low, Shi Yu was also very curious about what kind of skill could be fused.

From the difficulty, it was most likely a quasi-divine skill!

Quasi-divine physique skill!

He felt that… if it fused, it could definitely defeat Ancient God Golden Bull’s physique quasi-divine skill.

Of course, Shi Yu didn’t want to try this extremely low level easily at the moment… He planned to go from frugal to extravagant.

After the demigod battle in the Demon Sea that shook the world, the strongest Legendary Shi Yu disappeared from everyone’s vision again.

Shi Yu returned to the icy plain and started cultivating again.

First was Duckie’s Demon Subduing Staff, Abyss Liberation, Death Vortex, and Dark Sky Wave Rain. They were all chosen by Shi Yu (Perfect+47).

Low-level Skills could also be fused, but because there were too few accompanying moves, Shi Yu didn’t move for the time being. He planned to replicate more Skills like Team One in the future and give it customized fusion skills.

At this moment, Duckie’s battle power, together with the Heart of the Abyss, could be said to be very fierce. Its battle power was close to the first team. What it lacked was replication of top-notch skills and exclusive cultivation.

Of course, if the duck became stronger, Little Ji would definitely become stronger. They were both super Skills, but they were all upgraded to (Perfect+47). Among them, because the compatibility between the Earth Domain and the earthquake was too high, Shi Yu conveniently fused it into Earth Control.

It could be said that apart from basic intelligence, everything else was already the limit.

At this moment, apart from Little Purple and Qi, the contracted pets in Shi Yu’s team already had the overlord’s Resistance.

Shi Yu did not stop adding points. He continued to add points crazily and attacked Little Purple.

Although Little Purple’s Resistance was lacking, after suffering a little, super Skills could still be added.

On the other hand, although Eleven and Susu’s super Skill could already continue to increase points from transcendent to Dao Proficiency, Shi Yu didn’t want to.

On Eleven’s side, it was because the stronger it was, the greater its appetite, and the greater the burden on the Beast Tamer. The physique Shi Yu received from feedback was completely incomparable to the burden. If he continued to add points to it, it was better to add points to Little Purple. After Little Purple became stronger, not only was it free of burden, but it could also strengthen the Beast Taming Space and continue to reduce the burden.

It was obvious who it was that was more comfortable for the Beast Tamer.

As for Susu, it didn’t need to add any points at all. It just needed to use Infinite Devour to digest the inheritance of the Blue Sea Ruins. At the totem level, its acceptance speed was even faster. Shi Yu didn’t need to trouble himself with the two inheritance skills from transcendent to Dao Proficiency.

In fact, for the sake of Shi Yu’s state, he had to take it easy.

Just like that, two months later, Shi Yu’s physique finally had a small breakthrough. Ling thought that he could contract a totem demigod above his level.

In theory, it was best to choose Little Purple, Baby Ginseng, and Buggy for this totem.

Among them, Little Zi had broken through to the totem level. Its feedback to the Beast Taming Space was definitely the greatest. However, Little Zi only had medium Resistance at the moment. It had just become an overlord. Continuing to add points to the totem level would consume too much energy.

Baby Ginseng could break through immediately. At that time, it could strengthen Shi Yu’s recovery ability. The supplements it created would also have stronger effects.

It was the same for Buggy. After breaking through, its Dragon of Imagination could be raised to transcendent. It could allow it to evolve again. At that time, Shi Yu estimated that Buggy would also be a Mythical Race. As a spatial element, its feedback to Shi Yu’s Beast Taming Space would be second only to Little Purple.