Chapter 1194 - 1194 Proposing To The Empress

1194 Proposing to the Empress

The capital of the Phoenix Empire, Phoenix City, was actually the Ancient Capital, but each dynasty had its own name.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

After confirming that their destination was the Phoenix Empire, Shi Yu and Eleven pulled the bird-type Golden-Winged Roc over.

At this moment, after arriving at Phoenix City, the Golden-Winged Roc no longer had the intention to propose. After all, it was electrocuted the moment it had the thought.

It only wanted to wait obediently for its father to save it.

Under Shi Yu’s suppression, the demigod son restrained his aura and turned into a two-meter-tall birdman, looking ordinary.

As the Phoenix Empire was still a totem country in essence and not a human country, many mixed-blood foreign races would gather. After restraining itself, its characteristics were not especially conspicuous.

It could be said that hybrid humans had become the target of acceptance by humans from before and after the empress dynasty. They were completely different from Emperor Shi and Emperor Wu Dynasty at that time, who were rejected and treated as an anomaly.

At least… people wouldn’t make a fuss and panic after seeing it.

“Damn it, Phoenix City was supposed to be a stage for me to show off my skills.”

“Why did I take it so hard and bump into such a lunatic?” The demigod’s son, the Golden-Winged Roc, was very resentful. It looked at Shi Yu in front of it and the black and white bears that followed beside his legs who looked around curiously.

Son of a b*tch, why was a totem level acting cute?

The Ancient Capital was in every dynasty with different styles. Before and after the empress dynasty, the Phoenix Race emblem was very obvious. Ancient Phoenix trees were planted on both sides of the street, extremely gorgeous. There were hundreds of birds living on it, chattering and echoing with the busy city.

On the wide street that was as wide as a square, there was traffic, horses, and voices. As far as the eye could see, it was pitch-black. If he didn’t say it, Shi Yu would definitely think that this was a human ancient country.

The most important thing that proved that this was the totem country was that phoenixes of various colors flew past from time to time in the sky. The human Beast Tamers here seemed to be very used to this situation.

“As expected of the Phoenix Race.” The humanoid Golden-Winged Roc couldn’t help but look at the two overlord-level Phoenixes that had just flown past… It felt that their power fluctuations were far stronger than the overlords of its country.

The Golden-Winged Roc was very respectful to the Phoenix Race, which was at the same level as the Dragon Race. When it was young, because it used drakes as food, it was used to eating dragons and thought that the Dragon Race was only so-so. In the end, when it went out one day, it encountered a pure-blooded divine dragon of the same level in Dragon Palace City. The two parties fought. If it weren’t for the fact that it ran fast, it would probably have died.

“This guy is even more terrifying than a dragon.” The Golden-Winged Roc thought of Shi Yu, this unlucky thing, and was on the brink of tears.

“Lord, we’ve arrived at Phoenix City. What’s next?” the Golden-Winged Roc asked.

Shi Yu said, “I’m going to find Princess Huang Xi. You play by yourself, but don’t even think about running.”

“Wuu.” Shi Yu found Eleven. Eleven immediately came over and patted the Golden-Winged Roc, making it shiver.

“We branded a lightning mark on you. After leaving the range of Phoenix City, the mark will trigger the heavenly lightning to kill you.”

The Golden-Winged Roc: Ah…

[This guy is even more useless than the little white dragon…] Shi Yu thought.

With that said, Shi Yu directly headed to the empress’s residence. Little Eleven followed beside him. One of Shi Yu’s goals this time was to meet the empress and discuss with her about the Phoenix Empire that swallowed the Undying Dark Phoenix.

Then, he began to trade across space and time. As this was Dong Huang’s predecessor, Shi Yu couldn’t start directly for the sake of Eastern stability.

He and the empress joined forces to incorporate the Phoenix Empire and even the Phoenix Race. It was the best choice. This way, not only could Shi Yu earn very comfortably, but the empress dynasty could also be successfully established at the smallest cost. The Phoenix Race wouldn’t be exterminated. Then, with the empress in power and in charge of Dong Huang, Dong Huang could also develop relatively steadily and have a deeper foundation than the official history!

“Lord, wait for me…” After Shi Yu left, the Golden-Winged Roc was on the brink of tears. Don’t leave, it was afraid.

It was afraid that once Shi Yu and the others left and were a distance away, the lightning mark on its body would misfire. It didn’t dare to take the gamble.

…

Not long ago, Princess Huang Xi of the Phoenix Empire destroyed a totem country alone, making her famous and becoming the most famous genius in the east.

It made her already famous overseas name resound again.

Apart from overconfident guys like the Golden-Winged Roc, basically no one was here for her on this Phoenix Prayer Festival. After all, most people knew their limits.

Now, Princess Huang Xi, who was already a rare titled expert in the Phoenix Empire, had already moved outside the Phoenix Palace mystic realm to live alone. The name of the mystic realm residence was: Star Scenery Palace.

It was the intention of the Phoenix.

From the outside, it looked like an incomparably glorious palace group, but inside, it was a completely different world. It belonged to the Legendary mystic realm and was a residence bestowed by the demigod of the Phoenix Empire.

When Shi Yu arrived outside the glorious palace, there were many young talents outside. Many human geniuses had gathered and were chatting happily.

On the main door, a spatial ripple flashed.

A young man in a red robe and a Star Flame Sparrow walked out covered in injuries.

“Brother Zhuo, how’s the battle result?”

After he came out, someone shouted.

The young man who was enfeebled put away the Star Flame Sparrow and said, “I’m not a match for the Star Servant either.”

“Zhuo Qing of South Sea City also lost.”

“What a joke. I didn’t expect that a bunch of geniuses couldn’t even defeat Princess Huang Xi’s maid. So I’m not the only trash.”

“Brother, what’s going on here? Don’t tell me you’re proposing?” After Shi Yu, Eleven, and the peacock roc arrived, the roc grabbed a young man and asked.