Chapter 1193 - 1193 Promoting, Getting Rich, Marrying The Empress (3)

1193 Promoting, Getting Rich, Marrying the Empress (3)

The Golden-Winged Roc said, “Don’t you know? The Phoenix Empire has a specific ‘Phoenix Prayer Festival’ every year. The demigods of the Phoenix Empire like humans very much and often recruit human geniuses as live-in sons-in-law. It’s on this festival!”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“You have to know that the Phoenix Race has always pursued pure blood. This situation is simply too rare.”

“It’s rare for there to be such an open Phoenix Race faction. My father called me to propose and see if I can marry the Phoenix Race.” The Golden-Winged Roc continued to cry. “However, I don’t think the chances are especially high. After all, I’ve only heard that the Phoenix Race’s demigod likes humans, but I’ve never heard of them liking mixed blood with other races.”

“Besides, the gift I brought to propose was also eaten just now…”

Eleven : “…”

What a sin, what a sin. Wu wu wu.

Shi Yu said, “Who do you want to propose to?”

“Princess Huang Xi of the Phoenix Empire! I heard that she became a level-eight Beast Tamer at a young age. Not only does she have a demigod bloodline, but she’s also the most doted on daughter of the Phoenix Empire’s demigods. She also has Legendary aptitude. If I can obtain her favor and sign an engagement with her…” The Golden-Winged Roc suddenly smiled foolishly.

Its father would definitely take it seriously!!!

Although the other party had a human bloodline, it also had a Phoenix bloodline. It was also a bird, alright.

Rip.

An electric arc flew past.

“Ah!!!” The Golden-Winged Roc let out a miserable cry.

“Why did you electrocute me again?”

Shi Yu said, “I’m unhappy to see you daydreaming.”

“Why don’t you look in the mirror… Princess Huang Xi has already contracted a totem above her level at level eight. Even if it’s her overlord-level pet, defeating you is as easy as breathing.”

“You’re not even worthy of the Phoenix she contracted, and you still want to propose to her. Tell me, why did I electrocute you?”

The Golden-Winged Roc:???

As it cursed in its heart, it was speechless. “Lord, don’t tell me you’re going to the Phoenix Empire to participate in the Phoenix Court Festival too. Could it be that the target is also Princess Huang Xi…”

Rip.

Before the electric arc could fly out, the Golden-Winged Roc was so scared that its soul flew out.

“Sorry, I really didn’t know that Princess Huang Xi was so strong. I wanted to be out of one’s league and punch above one’s weight. It’s all my father’s fault…”

“Cut the crap. Lead the way,” Shi Yu said. “To the Phoenix Empire.”

At this moment, Shi Yu roughly knew the time. As expected, the empress had yet to become a Legendary Beast Tamer. Was she only level eight?

Moreover, the Phoenix Prayer Festival… Shi Yu had also learned a little about it in the incomplete memories of the Undying Dark Phoenix.

The Phoenix Empire established by the Undying Dark Phoenix had always been researching hybrids, so it naturally needed many talented human geniuses.

This Phoenix Seeking Festival was actually a different kind of martial arts competition.

The Phoenix Empire had always used this method to attract human geniuses to join the Phoenix Empire and combine with those hybrid Beast Tamers with the Phoenix bloodline a second time before giving birth to a second-generation hybrid.

Needless to say, many human geniuses were really attracted. In the incomplete memories of the Undying Dark Phoenix, before the empress became a Legendary, there had always been a terrifying number of suitors.

The Phoenix had always been an auspicious totem believed in by humans, so those human factions didn’t reject the Phoenix Empire very much. In this chaotic world, if they could join the Phoenix Empire, it was undoubtedly a good choice.

It could be said that the current human race occupied 99.9999% of the Phoenix Empire. It was completely the prototype of the future empress dynasty.

Among the many princesses of the Phoenix Empire, the strongest and most talented Princess Huang Xi was clearly the goal of all the geniuses. Not only were the human geniuses tempted, but even a second-generation foreign race like the Golden-Winged Roc was tempted. It could be said that whoever could obtain the favor of the young empress was completely relying on a super big white leg.

Unfortunately, the level-eight empress was already invincible. She was one of the top experts in the Phoenix Empire. Her strength was probably only inferior to the state before the Undying Dark Phoenix died. No one could defeat her in the Phoenix Seeking Phoenix Festival at all. Her strength was far inferior, let alone obtain the other party’s favor.