Chapter 1192 - 1192 Promoting, Getting Rich, Marrying The Empress (2)

1192 Promoting, Getting Rich, Marrying the Empress (2)

The Golden-Winged Roc:???

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The golden-winged bird was immediately furious. It looked at Eleven and said, “Do you really want to be my enemy?”

Eleven: “?”

What did it have to do with him? Look at him and say it. It wasn’t something he could decide.

“I’m the Crown Prince of the Garuda Empire!! My father is a demigod, you have to think carefully!”

Shi Yu said, “You don’t have it. Let’s call your father to redeem you with resources. You have the clone Skill, right? Leave your main body behind as bird hostage and call your clone back to call someone.”

“Wuu.” Eleven pointed at the other party again, and lightning flashed in its hand.

“You!” The Golden-Winged Roc had a shocked expression. It was unbelievable. Who exactly was this guy in front of it? He actually dared to threaten a demigod.

Did he want to die?

What it didn’t know was that Shi Yu, who had transmigrated here, had no restrictions at all. There was no need to care about anything. If he were on Blue Planet, Shi Yu might still care about the impact, afraid that he would cause trouble for Dong Huang.

However, in ancient space and time, didn’t that mean that he could do whatever he wanted? This big bird bumped into it itself and didn’t look delicious. If he didn’t extort it, he would really be letting Eleven down.

“Zi!”

“Ah!!!” Another electric arc directly made the Golden-Winged Roc cry out.

“Sure, sure, we’ll do as you say!”

Madman, the Golden-Winged Roc realized. The bear in front of it was completely a lunatic. It was better not to reason with it.

“It would have been better if it were like this earlier.” Shi Yu chuckled.

A divine-level resource, Get!

Wasn’t this faster than Senior Gu Yun spending six years exploring Mythical Ruins?

As for whether the Golden-Winged Roc God didn’t want to give it to him? That was even easier. When Chi Tong broke through, at least three demigods would visit it. Whether it wanted to give it to him or not was up to him.

His son attacked first. It was too much to refuse to compensate when he was in the wrong.

“Don’t tell me you don’t have any resources on you now?” Shi Yu looked at the charred Golden-Winged Roc.

“I…”

“Zi zi zi…” Electric rings spread from Eleven’s fingertips, making the Golden-Winged Roc look like it was crying.” Yes, yes. I happen to have a metal-element Legendary resource on me. I’m willing to give it to you. ”

“Lord, please spare me.”

“Don’t electrocute me.”

With that said, the Golden-Winged Roc panicked and took out a Legendary resource from its portable ruins. It was a golden flower. It was especially beautiful, blooming like a peacock feather.

“Wuuu!!!” Seeing this, Eleven was overjoyed. It directly sucked it over with the electromagnetic force and held it in its hand before looking at Shi Yu.

“Eat,” Shi Yu said.

“Wuu!” Eleven stuffed it into its mouth happily and wolfed it down with its eyes wide open.

Before it could react, it saw that the feather of the ruins it carried was directly taken away by Psychic power, shocking the Golden-Winged Roc again.

“My ruins!…”

“Eh, there’s really only one Legendary resource. You, the son of a demigod, are so poor,” Shi Yu, who was holding the Feather of the Ruins, couldn’t help but say in disdain.

Apart from a Legendary resource, there was only a pile of resources below level eight inside.

Upon hearing that, the Golden-Winged Roc cursed.

However, at this moment, it was a little puzzled. The way this human and totem interacted… Who was the master?

In the beginning, it felt that the totem was the master and the human were servants, but from the looks of it, that wasn’t the case. What was going on!

“Forget it, I’ll return it to you.” Shi Yu directly threw the Feather of the Ruins back. The Golden-Winged Roc looked surprised.

“Lord…”

“Hurry up and recover your physical fitness through the resources inside. Then, condense a clone and go back to get the resources,” Shi Yu said. “In your current state, I’m afraid you don’t have the strength to move.”

The Golden-Winged Roc:???

The Golden-Winged Roc cursed again.

Right on the heels of that, under Shi Yu’s supervision, it treated its injuries and Restoration with tears in its eyes. It condensed a clone and went home to report. As for its main body, it was directly locked by Shi Yu’s side.

“Alright.” Shi Yu was satisfied. “Next, as long as we cooperate happily, I won’t hurt your life. I only want money and not killing.”

He cursed.

“Lord, hehe, Lord.” The Golden-Winged Roc cursed in its heart, but in order to not be electrocuted, it smiled respectfully.

Although it felt that its father wouldn’t use divine-level resources to redeem it. After all, it wasn’t favored either, it was certain that its father would definitely come to take the dog life of the person in front of it after being slapped in the face.

Damn it, it could tolerate it.

“I won’t control you anymore, but don’t even think about running. I know where your home is. You don’t want the Garuda Empire to be made a mess, right?” Shi Yu said.

The golden-winged bird: ???

Why couldn’t it understand this person’s words? He was really arrogant!

“Then, Lord, where are we going next?” The Golden-Winged Roc looked like it was about to cry. Why was it captured by such a lunatic?

Even if it were other demigods, as long as they knew that it was the crown prince of the Garuda Empire, they would not argue with a child on account of its demigod father.

“It should be called the Phoenix Empire now.” Shi Yu was not sure either. “In any case, it’s the continent in front. You just have to keep up.”

Qi said that it was a little early. Then, it was still another matter if the empress was at the legendary level. Shi Yu felt that the empress dynasty had yet to be established, but he wasn’t very sure.

“Phoenix Empire?! You’re going to the Phoenix Empire too? Could it be…” The Golden-Winged Roc was stunned.

Shi Yu looked at it and said, “You too?”

“Why are you going?”

The Golden-Winged Roc looked like it was about to cry. “Proposal.”

Shi Yu: “Proposal?”