Chapter 1198 - 1198 Large Family Recognition Scene

1198 Large Family Recognition Scene

Jing Xing Palace was in an uproar.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

No one expected that Princess Huang Xi’s invincible Quas Phoenix would instantly be suppressed by the harmless supplement ginseng baby in front of them.

The huge Buddha statue that towered into the clouds was incomparably shocking. It was simply even more terrifying than the full-strength attack of a totem. It was simply unbelievable. That was only a ginseng baby less than half a meter tall instantly condensed. It really shattered their values.

“Lord Quas Phoenix.” The future empress, the Twelve Star Servant, looked at the Ice Phoenix lying on the ground in disbelief.

In this attack, the Quas Phoenix almost fainted. Its consciousness was blurred, and it could be considered a one-hit kill. It was no wonder that Princess Huang Xi, who was in the distance, was so shocked. Even if it was an ordinary totem level, it was definitely impossible to defeat her Quas Phoenix so easily.

“What kind of monster is this person?” The overlord-level Quas Phoenix was considered a core power in the Phoenix Race, let alone Princess Huang Xi’s contracted Phoenix. Seeing that the Quas Phoenix overlord was defeated without even being able to resist, the five Beast Tamer geniuses who came to apply for the job were shocked.

The overlord of the Quas Phoenix was so miserable!

Was this really a ginseng baby?

Initially, everyone was still surprised, but soon, the last doubt was gone.

“Baby Ginseng.” Under Shi Yu’s command, Baby Ginseng lowered one of its two white arms that were wrapped around its chest and aimed the other at the Quas Phoenix. In the next moment, the Green Wood Divine Body revealed rich life fluctuations.

In an instant, just the fluctuations alone made hundreds of flowers bloom in the Stars View Palace. White and green fluctuations also wrapped around the Ice Phoenix. In an instant, the Ice Phoenix that was smashed flat recovered its injuries visibly.

Boom!

In less than a second, the aura of the Quas Phoenix rose steadily. From the life fluctuations, it was actually even more vigorous than when it first attacked. With a cry, the Ice Phoenix, which had walked out of the gates of hell, quickly flew up in shock. It was covered in sweat and extremely nervous as it faced Shi Yu and the others.

“I clearly almost died just now, so why did I instantly recover to the peak, even better than my state before I attacked?”

The Quas Phoenix in the air found it difficult to understand, so it looked at the human youth and Baby Ginseng in shock. It felt that everything was controlled. This feeling was simply even more helpless than facing top-notch totem battle power.

“Yi.” Baby Ginseng lowered its arm in an unfathomable manner. Sigh, its main Class was a healer. For it, Restoration for a heavily injured overlord was easier than defeating a peak overlord.

“Wuuu, wuu, wuu, wuu.” Eleven clapped for Baby Ginseng and created two lightning fluorescent metal bars to cheer for Baby Ginseng.

The towering emperor was powerful. It worshiped it so much. It actually defeated the empress’s main force so easily.

Baby Ginseng’s expression darkened… Why was it being so polite for no reason?

It understood that Eleven would definitely eat extra with it tonight.

As the team’s chef, as the food demand in the team increased, Baby Ginseng’s throne was self-evident. Among the three brothers, Eleven and Buggy had to give Baby Ginseng some face. Otherwise, they would only eat a fixed portion of food. Although they wouldn’t starve to death, they were unhappy.

And if it wanted to eat more food, Baby Ginseng had to work overtime. This depended on Baby Ginseng’s mood.

“Now, I’m finally qualified to see… Princess Huang Xi, right?” Shi Yu almost said the word empress when he didn’t notice.

“I, I understand. Wait a moment. Princess Huang Xi will be back soon.” The Quas Phoenix’s expression was extremely serious. It felt that what happened today was very magical. It was like a totem-like ginseng baby, a black and white bear with strange behavior, and this ridiculously young level-eight Beast Tamer. It was very confused.

In particular, the other party didn’t even use its Beast Taming Talent in the battle with it. This made the Quas Phoenix afraid of Shi Yu. This was also normal. After all, the attacks of Shi Yu’s pet were all wrapped in max-level deterrence. Being defeated once was inevitable. If it attacked with all its might, it could even make its descendants traumatized over its image.

It sighed in its heart. This time, it really didn’t come with good intentions, but it also knew that Huang Xi wasn’t interested in romance. How would Huang Xi face this mysterious young man this time?

“Alright, I’ll wait then. Eleven, let’s go to the teahouse to wait. Baby Ginseng, help him repair the venue,” Shi Yu said.

Eleven: “Wuu.”

Baby Ginseng: “Yi…”

Shi Yu signaled to the Quas Phoenix and the 12 Star Servants slightly before walking towards the teahouse where five young people were sitting… The teahouse opposite was calm and composed the whole time, looking extremely relaxed.

“Aba, Aba, Aba…” The five young men opposite couldn’t sit still. They didn’t know what was going on.

The Quas Phoenix looked at Shi Yu and the others in silence before sweeping its gaze at the five geniuses who had passed the first test. “This is the end of today. Please leave first. Someone will contact you in three days. In addition, please keep what happened just now a secret.”

The Quas Phoenix directly hit them and warned them not to publicize its loss.

The five young men were at a loss. They really wanted to stay here and see Princess Huang Xi. Seeing that the Quas Phoenix was chasing them away, the few of them had no choice but to carry it out. They stiffly cupped their fists and were still chased out of the mansion mystic realm.

…

“Today’s assessment will end here. Those who are interested, please come another day.”

In the outside world, a Star Servant sent five people out and made a declaration. It immediately made the Beast Tamers in the outside world sigh. Then, they looked at the five geniuses who could stay behind in envy.

However, what puzzled them was why the expressions of these five geniuses who had passed the test were very strange?