Chapter 1191 - 1191 Promotion, Riches, Marrying The Empress (1)

1191 Promotion, Riches, Marrying the Empress (1)

In the sky above the endless sea, a cloud flew at a high speed, targeting Dong Huang.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Ling, Wind Element Control, Flying Nimbus Cloud!

Shi Yu sat on the cloud, chilling.

At one end of the cloud was a listless little panda.

After transmigrating, Qi immediately went to the Beast Taming Space to sleep and rest.

After all, there was still the mission to send Shi Yu and the others back to the original space and time later. Driving tirelessly was not enough.

Only Shi Yu and the others were left to conquer this space and time and head to Dong Huang.

As Eleven’s current level was the highest, it was strictly forbidden by Shi Yu to train. In order to avoid it being bored, Shi Yu brought it beside him to watch.

As for the other pets, they were still growing in the Beast Taming Space, leaving only Ling’s Cloud in charge of transportation.

It was mainly because this consumption was relatively small and Buggy’s appetite was too big. At the moment, Shi Yu was becoming more and more careful… He rarely used transportation vehicles like Buggy that lost money.

After all, Baby Ginseng could only ensure that the entire team wasn’t hungry. If it wanted to eat well, Shi Yu still had to think of additional ways…

“Sob.” Eleven suggested that when they reached land, they should find a famous mountain first.

It wanted to thank nature for its gift through turning stone into gold and the Lightning Needle.

Shi Yu said, “That one isn’t filling and even destroys the ecological environment. Let’s go hunt.”

“There’s a big metal-element bird behind. Did you notice? Although it’s a little weak, it can be roasted and eaten.”

Eleven: “Wu wu wu!!”

Eleven felt that it wasn’t good. After all, there was no grudge between them…

Shi Yu took out a metal-element fruit that Eleven usually ate. A tempting fragrance immediately spread.

Eleven couldn’t help but drool as it watched with its black eyes. Unfortunately, this was tomorrow’s portion of food and couldn’t be eaten anymore.

It wiped its saliva and understood that the bad Beast Tamer was going to fish again.

“Jiu!!!!!”

At the same time, in the distant sky, in the clouds, a black dot kept enlarging. Then, under the golden light, a birdman frowned and began to accelerate with joy.

Boom!!!

Golden light shuttled through. Soon, a figure appeared above Shi Yu and the others.

“Stop!”

It looked down at the pair of lives below from a high altitude. The two guys looked very weak. Their energy fluctuations were pitifully weak. It was obvious that they were not nutritious.

On the other hand, the cloud they rode contained a lot of wind essence. It looked like a very good dessert.

Apart from that, the metal-element spiritual fruit in the human’s hand also made it difficult for the golden-winged bird to control its saliva.

Even in the palace, it had never seen such an attractive spiritual fruit.

“Hand over the treasure and I’ll spare your lives.”

Its voice sounded, and its golden sharp claws emitted a dazzling light. It directly grabbed the metal-element spiritual fruit in Shi Yu’s hand. At the same time, its claws enlarged. It looked like it wanted to grab the Flying Nimbus too.

Shi Yu and Eleven looked up at the huge golden-winged bird.

“Damn it.”

The other party’s image disappointed Shi Yu!

After observing it up close, Shi Yu was very dissatisfied with the other party’s image.

It was actually a big bird person with a bird face and a human body and wings. It felt like it was coming from Ming Hua.

If it was a pure bird, Shi Yu wouldn’t feel any psychological pressure if he roasted it. However, why did this guy cultivate a humanoid body? How could he eat this? He couldn’t pass the psychological barrier.

“Eleven.” Shi Yu called out to the listless Eleven listlessly.

“Wuu…” The black and white bear looked at the golden-winged bird in the sky in boredom and stretched out its finger.

“Huh?” At this moment, the Golden-Winged Roc could be said to be determined to get the spiritual fruit in front of it. Seeing that the other party still wanted to resist, it couldn’t help but sneer.

But in the next moment, as the white Wex light flashed below, the golden claw light was instantly obliterated. The terrifying lightning arc instantly made the pupils of the golden-winged bird shrink in disbelief.

“Totem!” It shouted in shock.

He sensed the fluctuations of death from the electric arc.

“Don’t kill me! My father is…”

Buzz.

In the next moment, Wex light flashed. The Golden-Winged Roc in the air was instantly charred and smoking. Smoke lingered in its mouth and eyes as it fell into a heavily injured state.

There was still a trace of strength…

The Golden-Winged Roc turned and fled with difficulty, knowing that it had provoked a guy not to be trifled with.

But in the blink of an eye, the human young man and the bear race who were riding the cloud just now blocked the escape path.

“Stop.” This time, it was Shi Yu and the others who said stop.

“You want to run after attacking?” Shi Yu stood up and said, “What kind of logic is this?”

“It’s a misunderstanding.” The Golden-Winged Roc’s expression tightened as it looked at the black and white bear in disbelief. It didn’t expect this to be a totem.

He had kicked an iron plate.

What was the identity of the person and bear in front of him!

“Sir, my father is a Golden-Winged Roc God. I was wrong this time. Why don’t we pretend that nothing happened and give my father face?” It looked at Eleven and said.

“What level is your father at?” Shi Yu asked.

“My father is a demigod, the king of the Garuda Empire!” the Golden-Winged Roc said.

Energy Points: 90.1 million

The Golden-Winged Roc in front of Shi Yu was still an invincible overlord. It was not bad.

In the modern era, it was at least the heir level of a demigod faction.

If not for that, Shi Yu would have killed it directly.

Even if he didn’t eat it, it wasn’t bad to burn it into ashes as fertilizer.

But if it was the son of a demigod… It wasn’t a loss.

“A demigod is nothing. What face does it have?” Shi Yu said. “Robbing you, take out a Mythical resource. Otherwise, die.”