Chapter 1195 - 1195 Proposing To The Empress (2)

1195 Proposing to the Empress (2)

Its bird hair instantly shocked the other party.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“What… What marriage?”

“How can ordinary people like us be worthy of Princess Huang Xi?”

“It’s just that Princess Huang Xi has recruited capable people in the world and set a test in her residence. Anyone who passes the test can work under Princess Huang Xi.”

When the peacock roc heard that, it curled its lips. Boring.

Shi Yu looked at the mystic realm and fell into deep thought. Legendary mystic realm… It looked like he could only enter through the main door.

“Is Princess Huang Xi inside?” Shi Yu asked.

“I don’t know, but one of Princess Huang Xi’s contracted Phoenix is here, and her 12 Star Servants are also here. Princess Huang Xi is most likely also in the palace, but we definitely have to pass the test to see her.” The passers-by looked at the strange combination of Shi Yu, the Peacock Roc, and the black and white bear and felt strange.

These guys were so strange.

“Let’s go.” After understanding, Shi Yu followed Eleven towards the mystic realm residence.

According to the Undying Dark Phoenix’s guess, the empress should have long known its ambition, so she had always been wary of it.

Long ago, after having some strength, the empress was already preparing for “rebellion”. When young talents like the Phoenix Prayer Festival gathered in Phoenix City, it was probably the empress who prepared in advance to recruit all the capable people in the world to do things for her.

At this moment, the young man in a red robe was beaten out. Shi Yu walked over right on the heels of that, attracting the gazes of many people.

“Who is this person?”

“No, I’ve never heard of it.”

“That pet of his… Why haven’t I seen it before? What kind of bear is that? It looks so harmless, haha.”

Eleven listened to everyone’s discussion and snorted.

The Emperor Wu Dynasty in this space and time was destroyed normally. The Iron-eating Beast Race was exterminated by the Yun Race and hid their identities. After five hundred years, it was normal for not many young people to know pandas.

“Damn it…” At this moment, as Shi Yu directly entered the Scenic Star Manor, the Golden-Winged Roc was stunned. It didn’t know if it should follow. It fell into deep thought on the spot.

…

At the same time, in the Star Palace.

In a Phoenix Wood Teahouse, five young talents were drinking tea and chatting.

On the huge Phoenix Ancient Tree opposite, a Quas Phoenix Feather was sitting here. Below it were twelve mixed-blood female servants with outstanding looks.

The five people in the teahouse were all genius Beast Tamers who had passed a test and were left behind to entertain them.

Among them, a legendary genius and four top-notch Masters with top-notch Beast Taming Talents could be left behind. This meant that their strength and potential were much stronger than those in the outside world.

“I wonder if there will be a sixth person today,” the legendary genius of the hidden Beast Tamer Family, Zhang Yan, said after taking a sip of tea.

“Princess Huang Xi… Sigh, looks like there’s no hope of seeing her today,” he said regretfully.

In the beginning, he originally thought that his legendary strength could be valued by Princess Huang Xi, but who knew that he didn’t even see her now?

Of course, he also knew that he was too weak and was directly insta-killed in the second test… He was not qualified to see the princess in person.

“There’s not much hope. With the overlord of the Quas Phoenix here, it should be handed full responsibility. However, if we can work seriously under Princess Huang Xi, we’ll be able to see her sooner or later, right? No one can surpass you, Young Master Zhang,” another young man said with a smile.

A group of people knew that it was impossible to pursue Princess Huang Xi, a female supreme, and silently chose to be bootlickers, hoping that there would be a day when they would be lucky.

As everyone chatted, spatial ripples flashed. Someone entered the huge martial arts arena entrance again.

It was a black-haired young man in a black and gray ancient battle suit. Beside him was a black and white bear with full Spirit.

After robbing a Legendary resource and eating it to maintain this restrained and shrunken state, Eleven could maintain its Spirit for a long time.

After Shi Yu entered, one of the twelve female guards guarding the martial arts arena, a mixed-blood Beast Tamer with red hair, walked forward. She looked at Shi Yu with her ruby-like eyes and said, “Princess Huang Xi has recruited all the capable people in the world. Those who want to join, their names, ages, levels, and identities need to be reported.”

“At that time, defeating one of the twelve Star Servants will be considered to have passed the first test. You can stay.”

“After obtaining the recognition of the Quas Phoenix overlord, you will have passed the second test and can see Princess Huang Xi.”

“I wonder where you’re from.”

Many young talents who had passed the test looked at Shi Yu. The Ice Phoenix overlord on the Phoenix Tree also glanced over.

Shi Yu first looked around.

Energy Points: 121,220,000

Good lord, the energy value of the empress’s overlord-level Quas Phoenix was definitely at the top of the overlord-level pets Shi Yu had seen.

It was not inferior to or even exceeded the trump card pet of the presidents of the seven modern countries’ associations.

However, this was definitely not the empress’s trump card. After all, when the empress was also at level eight, she contracted a totem above her level because of her mixed blood.

[Trash roc, you’re indeed trying to be out of one’s league, to want to punch above one’s weight.]

Shi Yu smiled and said, “I wonder if I can pass the first test and directly carry out the second test. I want to see Princess Huang Xi as soon as possible.”

Boom!

When Shi Yu finished speaking, the empress’s 12 Star Servants were stunned and looked at Shi Yu in unison.

The young talents in the teahouse also went “Huh?” For a moment, they looked at this guy of unknown origin in shock.

It was fine if it didn’t follow the rules, but it even wanted to see Princess Huang Xi as soon as possible??

“You’re a legend?” The red-haired Star Servant looked at Shi Yu. The 12 Star Servants were all level-six Beast Tamers. If this young man wanted to pass the first test, didn’t that mean that he was at the legend level?