Chapter 1197 - 1197 Proposing To The Empress (4)

1197 Proposing to the Empress (4)

“This is… Baby Ginseng?!!”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Although there were some subtle differences, everyone was stunned and stunned the moment they saw this pet.

“Yiya!” Baby Ginseng stood on the ground and looked at the Quas Phoenix with a burning gaze, ignoring the gazes of mortals.

However, the Quas Phoenix was also a little stunned.

It didn’t know the black and white bear beside Shi Yu. That was fine, but what was wrong with this supplement pet?

Of course, most importantly, Shi Yu’s pet aura and energy were all very restrained. Even the Quas Phoenix couldn’t tell the strength of the ginseng baby at all.

“Are you serious?” The Quas Phoenix raised its eyebrows. Of course, it didn’t dare to be sloppy.

“Attack as much as you want,” Shi Yu said.

Upon hearing that, the Quas Phoenix’s eyes flashed. In that case…

“Jiu!!”

It let out a phoenix cry. The sky and ground instantly turned extremely cold, and the white clouds instantly turned into ice clouds.

In the tea house, the Beast Tamers suddenly trembled and saw a layer of frost forming on the hot tea.

Crack! Crack! Crack!!!

Similarly, the huge martial arts arena instantly froze. In an instant, the entire Scenic Star Mystic Realm turned countless degrees colder.

Ice… Age!!

In the sky, the Quas Phoenix condensed a super ultimate move to attack Baby Ginseng. It was almost not surprising. In an instant, the lively Baby Ginseng was directly frozen in the snow.

Cold wind howled, and the martial arts arena became a land of ice and snow. A white ice sculpture stood on it. It was Baby Ginseng.

“Is that all…” The Quas Phoenix was stunned in disbelief. Everyone also swallowed their saliva and sighed with emotion at the power of the Quas Phoenix.

However, the resonance of the bloodline stunned the Quas Phoenix.

“Don’t be careless.” Princess Huang Xi’s voice sounded, stunning the Quas Phoenix. In the next moment, it saw Shi Yu standing in the snow with a smile.

“Baby Ginseng, Thousand-Handed Guanyin.”

Shi Yu crossed his arms, making the Quas Phoenix feathers opposite him stand up. He suddenly had a bad feeling.

In the next moment, with a boom, the ice and snow that filled the sky shattered. The wood-element ginseng baby walked out of the freeze unscathed and crossed its arms like Shi Yu.

The ground behind it directly cracked, and a huge wooden Buddha statue with a thousand huge arms grew out.

The huge wooden Buddha statue instantly exceeded the Frozen Cloud at a height of ten thousand meters.

But the cold temperature couldn’t leave any traces on it.

It was dark!

Ten-thousand-meter-long Guanyin!

Thousand hands covered the sky.

“What’s this!!!” In an instant, the Star Servant and the five Beast Tamers were extremely shocked. What move was this?

Sensing the deterrence wrapped around the Thousand-Handed Guanyin, the Quas Phoenix was stunned.

Boom!!!

In the next moment, countless huge hands covered the Quas Phoenix. Space almost shattered, making the pupils of the Quas Phoenix shrink.

“Jiu!!!” It blew out a snowstorm. The huge hand that covered the sky in front of it was instantly frozen into frost, but under the swing of the huge hand, the frost instantly shattered.

“Impossible!!!” As the Quas Phoenix was shocked, countless huge hands directly covered it and slapped it to the snow.

Bang!!!

The ground and space trembled. The move condensed by the plant control behind Baby Ginseng disappeared, leaving only the messy and broken arena and the Quas Phoenix on the ground.

Baby Ginseng looked up at the sky. As expected of it. The main force of the empress was easily controlled.

Everyone present was completely stunned.

At the same time.

“Who exactly are you?”

In the distance, the young empress, who was rushing towards her residence, trembled slightly, and her eyes shot out an incredulous light. Who exactly was this guy? What was his goal? How could that attack just now be made by an overlord? Was he really here to propose?