Chapter 1190 - 1190 Transmigrating To The Empress Era (5)

1190 Transmigrating to the Empress Era (5)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Blue Planet’s strongest!

Perhaps not every legend in Dong Huang knew this title, and he happened to have channels to know some inside information.

It could be said that this was publicly acknowledged in the world. Even Divine Source Legendarys were inferior to the young man in front of them.

President Huo didn’t expect that the first to rush to Senior Gu’s side was actually Shi Yu.

“Legendary Shi Yu, I understand. I’ll immediately bring Senior Gu to undergo a full inspection.” As President Huo finished speaking, Senior Gu beside him was stunned.

What, what, Shi Yu Legendary? What kind of strange title was this??

He didn’t understand why Huo Di was so strange.

The surrounding medical staff were also stunned. They also knew Shi Yu.

World legend Shi Yu!

However, why did President Huo call him Legendary Shi Yu?

“Senior Gu, your body shouldn’t be in any major problems anymore, but it’s better to do a full checkup,” Shi Yu said.

There was a professional medical-type mechanical overlord in a first-level city. From a professional perspective, it was considered a fusion of Baby Ginseng and Ling. Although Shi Yu was already certain that the other party was fine, it was better to professionally check it according to the process. It could let the other party know his physical condition more clearly and save him the trouble.

“Alright…” Senior Gu nodded as he spoke telepathically to the junior he was more familiar with, Huo Di.

[Little Huo, why were you calling Shi Yu just now a Legendary?? What kind of strange name is this?!] He was confused.

President Huo smiled bitterly. He suddenly realized that Elder Gu had explored the ruins for six years… He probably knew nothing about the changes in the outside world.

He gathered his thoughts and let Elder Gu sense them.

[Elder Gu, Legendary Shi Yu. Although he’s a newbie of Bureau 11, he has already taken over your title and become the strongest archeologist on Dong Huang, no, Blue Planet. Apart from that, in two months, he even personally led three totem half-gods to kill the totem half-god who destroyed Emperor Wu Dynasty, Yun An, and the ancient Abyss Sea half-god. He’s already the recognized strongest Legendary on Blue Planet. Even Divine Source Legendary has decided to give him the position…]

[Elder Gu, times have changed. The young man in front of you is the strongest human on Blue Planet now.]

Gu Yun: “?”

The old man suddenly widened his eyes and looked at Shi Yu. He had just been saved, and now he suddenly had a heart disease.

Shi Yu: …

….

One after another, the members of Bureau 11 rushed to the Demon Capital. Elder Gu suppressed his emotions and accepted the inspection, mainly because he also suspected that there was a problem with his reception of information from the outside world.

“Shi Yu, why are you near the Demon Capital?” Lu Qingyi, who had rushed over, nudged Shi Yu and asked.

“Thanks to you, Elder Gu looks more energetic than I imagined.”

Shi Yu smiled and said, “I’m preparing to travel overseas.”

“Oh, where?” Senior Lu said.

“I told you previously. Although the Undying Dark Phoenix said that Phoenix Island, the enemy faction of the empress dynasty, has sunk, I still want to find it. Why, do you want to go together?” Shi Yu smiled.

Lu Qingyi shook her head and said, “Forget it, forget it. Invite me along when you find it. I still have many things to do here.”

“Alright then (Great),” Shi Yu said. “Senior, after Elder Gu receives the treatment, greet him for me. I won’t stay here any longer.”

Lu Qingyi: “So anxious?…”

“Archeology.”

There was a reason why Shi Yu went to the dragon vein today. Today was the most active stage of the dragon vein. If he used the power of the dragon vein to transmigrate, the consumption would be reduced to the minimum. If he was a little later, he would have to wait for a long time. Otherwise, why would it be called an auspicious day?

…

Location, Space-time Dragon Vein.

After Shi Yu and the others finally arrived, as Qi exerted strength, a pink and white light that enveloped Shi Yu and the others first flickered before calming down.

In the past space.

Dong Huang Calendar, 955 years.

At the same time, after the destruction of Emperor Wu Dynasty, the totem world was in chaos!

In the east, the Phoenix Empire in the Central Plain was known as the strongest totem country and occupied the richest area.

In the surroundings, there were hundreds of countries. Totem countries of various sizes and human cities dotted the east.

It could be said that in the east, there were hundreds of races standing in a forest. Outstanding heroes were divided, and geniuses kept appearing.

Among them, the hybrid Beast Tamer of the Phoenix Race was the most famous…

The most representative was the daughter of a demigod, Princess Huang Xi of the Phoenix Empire.

…

On the chaotic and silent sea.

Figures appeared out of thin air on this Desolate Island under the dark sky with the pink and white spatial light.

“Coming, coming, Qi, is there another time deviation?!”

“Wu wu, the time seems to be a little earlier than expected.”

“Forget it, forget it. It’s better to be earlier than later. In short, let’s go to Dong Huang to take a look first.” Shi Yu and the others pounced onto the Dong Huang Continent excitedly like wolves, planning to see the current situation in the east first.

This time, Shi Yu and the others had several goals… One of them was to take away the super-divine resources and plunder the Seven Islands Treasure Vault of the Undying Dark Phoenix again!

Also, he wanted to give the empress a spoiler of the Undying Dark Phoenix’s crooked thoughts. He wanted to see the ancient version of motherly filial piety.

…