Chapter 1196 - 1196 Proposing To The Empress (3)

1196 Proposing to the Empress (3)

“I’m Shi Yu, a level-eight Beast Tamer,” Shi Yu said.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

At the same time, the surrounding spatial ripples flickered. A huge red summoning array appeared under Shi Yu’s feet. The strong spatial fluctuations directly stunned the 12 Star Servants present and the five young geniuses in the tea house.

“Titled level.” Even the Ice Phoenix on the Phoenix Tree was slightly stunned. It looked at Shi Yu in disbelief.

Wait a minute, this guy who looked even younger than Huang Xi was actually a titled Beast Tamer??

How was this possible? What was the other party’s background? Why had they never heard of such a guy?

“Who is this person?”

The five young talents in the teahouse stood up in unison and were very shocked. They looked at Shi Yu, who was in his early twenties, with blank expressions. Where did this monster come from?

“Who are you? Your goal shouldn’t be as simple as joining the Star Palace, right?” On the Phoenix Tree, the Quas Phoenix got up slightly and raised its head. It stared at Shi Yu and asked about Shi Yu’s origin and goal.

The empress’s 12-star maids looked at Shi Yu and instantly understood that this person probably didn’t come to join Princess Huang Xi.

At this age and level, it was definitely rare in the entire world. From Princess Huang Xi’s situation, one could tell how rare a level-eight Beast Tamer in her twenties was.

How could such a person rely on a genius of the same level?

Then, there was only one possibility.

The young man in front of him definitely came with the intention of proposing to Princess Huang Xi because of the Phoenix Praying Festival. Compared to the surrounding geniuses, his talent was completely qualified.

The surrounding young talents also instantly thought of this possibility with indignant expressions. Damn, how could there really be a monster with the same talent as Princess Huang Xi?

“Indeed not. I want to talk to Princess Huang Xi about other things. I think… I don’t have to fight anymore, right?” Shi Yu didn’t fight if he could now, not doing meaningless battles because it was purely a waste of energy.

Of course, if the opponent was the empress’s pet, Shi Yu actually didn’t mind… If he didn’t fight the current Legendary after transmigrating once, it would be a pity. It was just that this one… was a little weak. It was better to change to a totem level.

The Quas Phoenix was silent.

The Quas Phoenix immediately communicated with the Beast Tamers who weren’t here through their bloodline connection.

At the same time, in another mystic realm of Dong Huang, a woman in a long dress fluttered, her black hair fluttered, and her figure was peerless. Her aura was transcendent as she spoke slightly. Her voice carried an ethereal immortal charm and an imposing aura.

“What happened?”

Quas Phoenix: “Huang Xi, bad news. A level-eight Beast Tamer younger than you came to propose to you. He doesn’t come with good intentions.”

Princess Huang Xi’s eyes flickered. A level-eight Beast Tamer even younger than her?

It was also because of the Phoenix bloodline that she improved at lightning speed by contracting the level of the Phoenix pet. It was difficult to imagine that there was actually someone who could surpass her in this aspect.

As expected, capable people appeared in large numbers in the world.

“I understand. Help me test his ability first. I’ll personally meet him when I return,” Feng Xi said.

“I’ll watch you.”

If she could subdue a young level-eight Beast Tamer, he would definitely be a general for her to expand her territory in the future.

Jing Xing Palace.

After a moment of silence, the Quas Phoenix looked at Shi Yu and said, “Unfortunately, Princess Huang Xi isn’t here. Even if you’re a level-eight Beast Tamer, you still have to obtain my recognition if you want to see her. According to the rules, you have to defeat me in a one-on-one battle!”

Shi Yu shrugged and said, “Then let’s do it.”

“But even if you’re Princess Huang Xi’s pet, I won’t show mercy.”

The Quas Phoenix flew up and chuckled.

“Arrogant.”

Even if Shi Yu was a level-eight Beast Tamer and his pet was at the overlord level, so what? It was a pure-blooded Phoenix!

It could be said to be the creature closest to a Mythical Race.

…

The situation in front of them completely exceeded the expectations of the 12 Star Servants and the five young talents who stayed here.

This mysterious level-eight Beast Tamer was going to fight the Quas Phoenix!

“Young Master Zhang, what do you think the outcome will be…” In the tea house, a young man asked.

Legend Zhang was silent.

“Princess Huang Xi’s contracted Phoenix is ridiculously strong. Its battle power is close to a totem.”

“My overlord pet was also instantly frozen and insta-killed under the enhancement of my Beast Taming Talent.”

“Although this mysterious person is at level eight, his pet should also be at the overlord level. However, his level is higher than mine. Perhaps… he has a chance of fighting the Quas Phoenix overlord.”

“It’s hard to say who will win. After all, I don’t know what his Beast Taming Talent is, but in terms of pet battles alone, his pet is definitely not a match for the Quas Phoenix overlord.”

“Indeed, but at this level, his Beast Taming Talent definitely won’t be weak.” Everyone was silent.

…

The Quas Phoenix circled in midair opposite the martial arts arena.

The 12 Star Servants took a deep breath and retreated together.

“Roar.”

Eleven was extremely energetic and planned to appear, but it was stopped by Shi Yu.

Because the team’s voice room was noisy.

Baby Ginseng: “Yi Yi Yi Yi Yi Yi Yi!!!”

It, Baby Ginseng, had not fought for a long time. It had been assisting for a long time. Wu wu wu, leave the battle opportunity with the empress’s pet to it.

He, a demigod, still wanted to snatch an overlord-level opponent?

Eleven : “…”

Eleven, as the Leader, retreated very politely.

At the same time, Shi Yu’s red summoning array appeared again. On the martial arts arena, under the silent expressions of the four geniuses, a… big white radish less than half a meter tall?!