Chapter 1199 - 1199 Large Recognition Scene (2)

1199 Large Recognition Scene (2)

“Wait a minute, why isn’t the last young man in? Has he passed the test? Legend Zhang and the others have already come out, why don’t I see him?” Someone discovered something strange.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Mo Wen.” A young man who came out of the residence stopped an acquaintance who came to ask. He was silent.

In the crowd, the Golden-Winged Roc pursed its beak, not knowing where to go.

Shi Yu must have stayed behind to get intimate with the princess. Damn it, what about it? Now, the Golden-Winged Roc’s lungs were about to explode from anger. It felt that its father was too slow. It no longer wanted to wait in the Phoenix Empire for a moment.

As the crowd dispersed, the demigod son sat on a rock by the roadside sadly and looked at the sky.

At the same time.

In the Star Palace, Shi Yu drank the hot tea served by the beautiful Star Servant and waited calmly. The Quas Phoenix turned into a small Phoenix two to three meters tall. After scattering the Star Servants, it landed beside the tea house and looked at Shi Yu, Panda, and Baby Ginseng, who were holding tea, with a burning gaze.

“How long until your Beast Tamer arrives?” Shi Yu asked as he drank his tea.

The Quas Phoenix said, “In half an incense’s time. Before that, can you tell me your background? I don’t believe that a level-eight Beast Tamer in his twenties is unknown, but I’ve indeed never heard of the name Shi Yu.”

“If you want to propose to our Princess Huang Xi, it’s time…”

Eleven and Baby Ginseng: “Pfft.”

The two of them almost spat out hot tea and looked at Shi Yu in confusion. A marriage proposal?

They had serious expressions and felt that the seniority was a little messy. Chi Tong was hatched by Shi Yu. Shi Yu was equivalent to a father, Chi Tong was equivalent to a daughter, and in terms of bloodline, the empress was Chi Tong’s sister. This seniority…

“What marriage proposal?” Shi Yu’s face darkened.

Quas Phoenix: “Huh? You’re not here to propose to Huang Xi?”

Why didn’t it believe it? It specially chose the Phoenix Seeking Phoenix Festival to come over. Its age and strength were similar. They didn’t have any interaction previously. Didn’t it hear of Huang Xi’s beautiful name and come to ask for marriage? Could it be that it really came to rely on her?

Not to mention making friends, even a bird wouldn’t believe such nonsense. Which man didn’t have some thoughts when he saw a beautiful woman and only wanted to make friends?

Shi Yu put down the hot tea and said, “I just have a business to talk to Princess Huang Xi about. When it comes, I’ll tell her personally.”

Quas Phoenix: Hehe…

This was even more unreliable than making a friend after admiring it for a long time. It wanted to see what business there was to talk about when the time came.

“Wait, your name can’t be a descendant of Emperor Shi, right!” The Quas Phoenix suddenly thought of a possibility and suddenly looked at Shi Yu. Perhaps only the descendants of the Legendary Emperor could have such potential.

Shi Yu was speechless. “Stop guessing. Emperor Shi’s surname isn’t Shi.”

Seeing Shi Yu deny it, the Quas Phoenix also sighed. Although Emperor Shi’s surname wasn’t Shi, after Emperor Shi Dynasty was destroyed, it was possible for his descendants to change their surnames to avoid their enemies!

“I have nothing to do with Emperor Shi,” Shi Yu said.

Now was not the time to flirt with Emperor Shi.

This Emperor Shi was an even more important transaction target. The old principal of the Imperial Capital University was also a time-element talent. Why was it so miserable that there weren’t even many time-element pets and time-element resources?

Part of the reason was that most of the rare time-element resources had been almost used up by Emperor Shi when he rose, causing subsequent time-element creatures to not have many resources to grow up. As time passed, time-element creatures became more and more rare and difficult to nurture.

Therefore, if Shi Yu could go to the Emperor Shi Era, he would definitely ask Emperor Shi for more resources before leaving.

…

A moment later, in the Star Palace, a spatial ripple attracted Shi Yu and the others’ attention, making them look at the sky.

“It’s finally here.” Shi Yu took a deep breath and looked at the Dong Huang Empress who had left a deep mark in Dong Huang’s history with slight anticipation.

In midair, spatial ripples flickered, as if a door that crossed space had been opened. Accompanied by the light of the phoenix, a figure descended into the Star Palace. Her skin was smooth, and her eyes were like stars. When her body landed in the teahouse and looked at Shi Yu, her white clothes fluttered. Her white and gray dress with the words of the Phoenix Flower spread out. Every move she made emitted extreme beauty, but it wasn’t simple beauty. She had a transcendent aura and aura like the Dragon God of Dragon Palace City, who wanted to stand in the sky.

As expected of the future empress.

“Wuu…”

“Yi…” Eleven and Baby Ginseng hugged their teacups and were a little stunned. This was because the other party’s form was very similar to Chi Tong’s Sword Maiden form. They were indeed like sisters. Apart from the huge difference in aura, they were very similar.

“You must be Young Master Shi Yu.” Princess Huang Xi’s voice was very pleasant, and her eyes were also very beautiful. Compared to Mu Huiyin, there were fewer mixed-blood characteristics on her body. However, Shi Yu could confirm that the powerful power on her body was much stronger than Mu Huiyin, who was also at level eight.

“I am. I’ve heard so much about you, Princess Huang Xi.” Shi Yu smiled.

“Iron-eating Beast, what’s your relationship with Emperor Wu and Ji Yunchong?” Huang Xi’s gaze landed on the Iron-eating Beast. Unlike the others, she actually recognized Eleven’s race at a glance.

Shi Yu was not surprised. After all, the Emperor Wu Dynasty and the empress dynasty were only hundreds of years apart. The Phoenix Empire had occupied the Ancient Capital, so it was normal for them to know some history that ordinary Beast Tamers didn’t know.

“What, is it related to Emperor Wu?” The Quas Phoenix didn’t expect that it would actually be wrong. The surname Shi wasn’t related to Emperor Shi, but Emperor Wu?