Chapter 1200 - 1200 Large Family Recognition Scene (3)

1200 Large Family Recognition Scene (3)

Shi Yu smiled and said, “As for General Ji Yun, I have a good relationship with his descendants. As for Emperor Wu, I was once lucky enough to fight Emperor Wu and was lucky enough to defeat him by one move.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Although it wasn’t in the same space and time, it was the truth. Little kid, did you have a lot of question marks?

Princess Huang Xi: “?”

Quas Phoenix: ???

No matter how much Princess Huang Xi valued Shi Yu, as Shi Yu spoke, she still felt that it was extremely strange and ridiculous.

Emperor Wu Dong was an ancient from hundreds of years ago!

Humans had short lifespans. How could they live for so long? They weren’t transcendent creatures.

Shi Yu smiled and looked at the future empress. He felt that the feeling of communicating with the ancients through channels was very satisfying.

“Sir, stop kidding. Who exactly are you and what’s your goal?” Princess Huang Xi said.

As a legendary ruthless person who had blown up two demigods, it would be strange if Huang Xi believed Shi Yu, a level-eight Beast Tamer. She instantly felt that Shi Yu was unreasonable.

“A deal,” Shi Yu said. “I’ve already said just now that I’m here to make a deal with you.”

After a moment of silence, Princess Huang Xi said, “Please tell me.”

Shi Yu smiled and said, “Before that, why don’t we acknowledge each other first? This way, there might be less estrangement.”

With that said, Shi Yu activated the summoning array again. The red summoning array gradually outlined a figure with red fire spiritual energy.

Her red hair was draped over her shoulders, as smooth as silk. Her eyes were bright and she was wearing a silver-white standard armor. Black protective equipment wrapped around her beautiful figure, outlining perfect curves. Fire spiritual aura lingered around her body, and her aura was peerless.

“Impossible.” The Quas Phoenix was immediately shocked when it saw Chi Tong. This was because the spirit body in front of it was very similar to Princess Huang Xi, as if it was the younger Princess Huang Xi!

“Spirit body.” When Princess Huang Xi saw this spirit body that looked similar to her, she was also slightly stunned in her heart, but she didn’t react yet. However, as a mini Phoenix formed by orange-red flames landed on Sword Maiden Chi Tong’s shoulder, Princess Huang Xi immediately felt that it was unbelievable.

She instantly felt the bloodline power in her body boil. She only had this strong feeling when she saw her “mother”!

At this moment, Chi Tong was also observing the empress curiously and revealed a happy smile. She was ten thousand times more beautiful than the empress in the movie!!

Chi Tong, who watched dramas all year round, loved to watch movies of the empress dynasty the most. After all, the empress was her sister. Chi Tong didn’t have much feelings for the Undying Dark Phoenix, but she had a different attitude towards the empress. Firstly, the empress was the same as Mu Huiyin. Her fate wasn’t controlled by her. It was all born because of the Undying Dark Phoenix’s ambition. Secondly, the empress’s successful experience of resisting fate alone made Chi Tong very impressed.

[Sister Huang Xi!] Chi Tong said telepathically.

“It’s your little sister,” Shi Yu said.

Forget it, although Chi Tong’s bloodline was born first, it was only hatched in the future after all. Sister and sister seemed to be fine.

Princess Huang Xi couldn’t help but say, “Who exactly are you?”

She was completely confused.

Shi Yu said, “You’ve studied the history of the Emperor Wu Era, so you definitely know the history of the Phoenix Race, right? You should know why the Phoenix Empire left Phoenix Island, right?”

“Your ‘mother’ started a war with the pureblood Phoenix Race because she studied hybrids and violated the clan rules. In the end, she was expelled from Phoenix Island and established the Phoenix Empire in the Dong Huang Continent after sleeping for a thousand years.”

“In terms of the Phoenix Race bloodline in front of you, she’s indeed your sister. She was the first hybrid life form created by your ‘mother’ to perfectly inherit its bloodline at that time. Unfortunately, because of the Phoenix Race’s internal war, she was separated from your ‘mother’.”

“Then, due to some coincidence, we signed a contract. Its existence is also the most important reason why I came to you.”

Princess Huang Xi took a deep breath and looked at Chi Tong in disbelief. She immediately believed most of what Shi Yu said.

Because she indeed knew that she had another sister whose talent was only inferior to her own. She had learned from her “mother” that her mother had regretted this lost sister for a long time. Another thing was that bloodline affinity didn’t lie.

However, what shocked her was that this sister who had been lost for a thousand years would actually one day be contracted by a human in the form of an undead and appear in front of her.

At the side, the Quas Phoenix was already stunned.

“Sister…?” At this moment, Princess Huang Xi was unwilling to accept this title.

She said, “In that case, why are you looking for me? You should look for Mother. She will definitely be very happy.”

Chi Tong felt aggrieved.

Shi Yu smiled and said, “Are you really willing to push your sister into the fire pit? You should already know the purpose of the Phoenix Empire’s establishment and your mother’s intention of leading the clansmen who support hybrids to nurture a large number of hybrid Beast Tamers, right?”

“How long have you been preparing for a rebellion?”

Princess Huang Xi’s pupils constricted.

“How dare you!!!” As Shi Yu finished speaking, the Quas Phoenix was suddenly stunned. However, Eleven and Baby Ginseng’s aura locked onto it together, making it instantly feel like it had fallen into an ice cave. Its brain rumbled and it calmed down.

Shi Yu said, “Calm down. We’re family. It can be said that you and my Chi Tong are both sacrifices of its ambition. Be it you or her, when they grow to a certain level and it finds out, they will definitely become nutrients for its breakthrough.”