Chapter 1204 - 1204 Roasting Demigod Bird Wings (3)

1204 Roasting demigod bird wings (3)

“It’s not a problem to take him, but please don’t fight in the Phoenix Empire.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Alright, I’ll definitely cut him into a thousand pieces!!!” The Golden Roc demigod looked in a direction angrily.

In that direction, a light happened to be speeding over.

It was Shi Yu, who was flying in midair with Psychic power, with a mini panda sitting on his shoulder, and a golden-winged roc with a bird face and a human body behind them.

“Father!!!” At this moment, it was getting closer and closer to the Golden Roc demigod. The Golden Roc was aggrieved like a fatty weighing 20,000 pounds. It let out a miserable cry and flew towards the Golden Roc demigod.

Its cry naturally became the focus.

Shi Yu didn’t stop it from flying towards the Golden Roc demigod. He was happy the whole time. As the Golden Roc flew over, the Golden Roc demigod was furious.

“Useless guy, get lost,” it said, immediately shocking the Golden-Winged Roc. It flew around and didn’t dare to make a sound.

However, at this moment, the little roc looked at Shi Yu arrogantly.

Ask for it, ask for it. My father is here, but you want resources.

It wasn’t the only one. The Sun God Phoenix and Princess Huang Xi, who was in the distant residence, looked at Shi Yu with dark expressions.

Princess Huang Xi was still alright. She already knew the cause and effect, but it was still the Undying Dark Phoenix of the Sun God Phoenix. However, this was the first time it saw Shi Yu. It was stunned. Don’t tell it that it was this young man in front of it who had hijacked the son of the Golden Roc demigod and even threatened it…

This was too f*cking ridiculous.

“They’re all here. Not bad.” At this moment, Shi Yu was flying in midair. He looked at the gathered Golden Roc demigod and Sun God Phoenix and sighed in his heart.

Alright, there was going to be another fierce battle. He liked it.

“Demigod of the Garuda Empire, have you brought the divine-level resources? I’ve returned your son to you unscathed. Give me the resources next.”

Shi Yu stood in the sky and said.

Princess Huang Xi: …

Sun God Phoenix: …

The golden-winged roc looked at Shi Yu, this incurable lunatic, in shock.

Did this guy not recognize the current situation?

The Golden Roc demigod was also furious. It looked at Shi Yu as if he was a dead person.

“How bold.”

“Alright, resources, right? I want to see if you’re alive to take them.”

“Jiu!!!” It roared at the sky, completely forgetting the warning of the Sun God Phoenix just now, telling it not to attack in the Phoenix Empire.

Its golden sharp claws emitted a dazzling light as it directly grabbed at Shi Yu. At the same time, its claws enlarged, and phantoms spread, lingering with the deterrence of a demigod, as if it could crush a city.

In the Golden Roc demigod’s opinion, teaching such an arrogant guy a lesson was not a battle at all.

Even if the opponent had top-notch totem battle power, it could suppress it in an instant and not affect the Phoenix Empire.

“He’s already fainted from anger.” The Sun God Phoenix turned a blind eye when it saw this.

It thought about it. If its carefully cultivated daughter was captured and used to threaten it, it would also go berserk.

The Sun God Phoenix looked at Shi Yu and the others, who were attacking the core of the huge claw phantom, and felt that it was ridiculous. Where did this young man come from? He actually had the strength to defeat the son of a demigod and was so bold as to threaten a demigod.

Young people didn’t know no fear. They had a death wish.

“Not good.”

The Golden Roc half-god attacked, and Princess Huang Xi’s expression couldn’t help but change slightly.

This bastard.

This was what he said? He was an honest person and wouldn’t cause trouble?

“Ahahahahaha.” The golden-winged little roc directly laughed crazily at this moment. After enduring the humiliation for so long, after this, it would definitely enslave Shi Yu and the others for 100 years to vent the hatred in its heart. It wouldn’t even be satisfied if it directly ate them!!

“Sigh…”

At this moment, although the demigod’s angry attack wasn’t a quasi-divine skill, it was also a unique skill with the conviction to kill.

However, in the face of this attack, Shi Yu only sighed slightly.

He knew that the Golden Roc demigod wouldn’t take out divine-level resources so easily. They definitely had to fight.

He could fight.

However, at that time, it wasn’t something a divine-level resource could solve.

Apart from divine-level resources, they also had to replenish the consumption of their battle.

The demigod attack attracted the attention of the entire city. Countless totem phoenixes who rushed over also looked at this attack in shock.

But in the next moment, an even more shocking scene appeared.

On Shi Yu’s shoulder, it was unknown if the speed of the small black and white bear was fast or slow. It felt very fast, but in everyone’s eyes, it was very slow. Just like that, black and white electric arcs lingered around its body as it blocked the sharp claws that were enough to tear apart the totem dragon.

There were no aftermath, no vibration, no sound.

Time seemed to have stopped.

The Sun God Phoenix, Princess Huang Xi, the Golden-Winged Little Roc, and the Golden Roc half-god looked at the scene in front of them in disbelief.

The huge claw phantom that enveloped dozens of meters was directly blocked in the air by the small black and white bear with a finger surrounded by black and white lightning.

A finger blocked the demigod’s angry attack.

This scene was especially shocking, simply shattering the values of countless experts.

“Take it away. You just ate a Legendary resource. You deal with this opponent.” As Shi Yu finished speaking, an even more shocking scene appeared.

Accompanied by the lingering black and white lightning, with a crack, the huge claw phantom seemed to have been penetrated and instantly shattered.

At the same time, the energy fluctuations on the little black and white bear’s body increased exponentially, and its figure was blurry. Black and white lightning intertwined, as if it was wearing lightning armor. With a boom, it turned into a black and white beam of light that hit the Golden Roc demigod under its incomprehensible shocked gaze.