Chapter 1201 - 1201 Large Family Recognition Scene (4)

1201 Large Family Recognition Scene (4)

“Even an outsider like me knows so much. The famous and extremely intelligent Princess Huang Xi must have long known her situation.” Shi Yu chuckled and said, “You must feel a sense of danger now.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“So, can we talk about the deal now?”

Princess Huang Xi stretched out her arm, indicating for the shocked Ice Phoenix to calm down. She looked at Shi Yu and Chi Tong and said, “I see. It’s precisely because she’s worried that her bloodline will be controlled by ‘Queen Mother’ that she stripped her bloodline and molded it into a clone.”

“Looks like you’ve already made sufficient preparations and understand very well, but you still don’t have the confidence to resist the hidden danger of the ‘ demigod threat’, so you came to me to seek cooperation.”

Eleven and Baby Ginseng were silent. That wasn’t the case. Shi Yu probably wanted to tell them in advance that he would let them clean up someone’s mess after they left.

Shi Yu smiled and said, “You can understand it that way, but our strength is stronger than you imagine. Perhaps we can settle everything ourselves without you needing to do anything.”

Huang Xi looked at Shi Yu and said, “What do you want to do?”

Shi Yu asked, “How far are you from the legendary level? How long do you think it will take to break through?”

Huang Xi said calmly, “I can break through at any time.”

Shi Yu was shocked.???

Holy shit.

Damn, he instantly understood. The empress was probably suppressing her level! Because he wasn’t confident of fighting the Undying Dark Phoenix, she planned to break through when he was sufficiently prepared.

After all, after breaking through, even if she didn’t attack, the Undying Dark Phoenix would take the initiative to attack.

Women… were really ruthless.

When Huang Xi saw Shi Yu’s calm expression change to surprise for the first time, she couldn’t help but smile in her heart. So this mysterious man wasn’t omniscient or omnipotent.

“Sure, I underestimated you,” Shi Yu said. “Then, we might be able to cooperate more happily.”

“My goal is actually very simple. How about we join forces to overthrow the half-gods of the Phoenix Empire and the half-gods of Phoenix Island and incorporate the entire Phoenix Race?” Shi Yu smiled.

“At that time, you will lead the Phoenix Race, and I only want a portion of the resources of the Phoenix Empire and the Phoenix Race. How about that?”

When Princess Huang Xi saw that Shi Yu had revealed his true intentions, she was immediately speechless. So he wanted the resources of the Phoenix Empire and the Phoenix Race.

However, this was also the most realistic transaction.

“I think your appetite is a little too big,” Princess Huang Xi said.

Just the Queen Mother of the Phoenix Empire was a huge mountain pressing down on her head. Even if she broke through to the Legendary stage now, she wasn’t confident of resisting her Queen Mother. After all, her bloodline was suppressed. And if she imitated Chi Tong in front of her and stripped her bloodline, she couldn’t use the power of her Beast Taming, so it was very unsolvable…

It was even difficult to solve the current predicament, let alone the strength of the Phoenix Race. Even in the entire Blue Planet, it was enough to be ranked at the top, the Phoenix Vermillion Bird demigod at the top.

“Humans have to have dreams. We can definitely do it if we join forces,” Shi Yu said. “At that time, the Phoenix Race that we’ve incorporated will be the guardian of humans. Wouldn’t everyone be happy if you established a new generation that’s mainly humans after the Emperor Shi Dynasty and the Emperor Wu Dynasty?”

“If you become the empress, I won’t fight with you for the throne. This should be your dream, right?”

Princess Huang Xi’s gaze turned cold again. She felt that her entire body had been seen through by Shi Yu. If it was said that she could still understand what had happened previously, but Shi Yu actually knew the dream hidden in the depths of her heart. This really made Princess Huang Xi feel incredulous.

[Sister Huang Xi, we’re not bad people.]

[We just want to help you.] Chi Tong looked at the empress with a sincere heart.

She still wanted to watch dramas with the empress and let the empress personally scold the screenwriter.

Princess Huang Xi looked at Chi Tong in silence… You just called me sister.

However… sensing Chi Tong’s sincere mental fluctuations, Princess Huang Xi was slightly touched.

“We can cooperate, but you have to listen to me and not act on your own,” Princess Huang Xi said. “Although you’re very strong, I feel that your behavior is very unreliable.”

Shi Yu laughed and said, “Don’t talk nonsense. I’m an honest person. I won’t cause trouble…”

Princess Huang Xi said, “By the way, is that bird person with pretty good strength outside the mystic realm residence your friend? I think it’s been paying attention to this place.”

Shi Yu said, “It’s the son of the Golden-Winged Roc God of the Garuda Empire, the son of a demigod.”

Huang Xi was slightly surprised and said, “Looks like you have a lot of connections.”

Shi Yu said, “When I was heading here, I encountered it trying to snatch my things, so I suppressed it and kept it as bird hostage. I’ve already informed its demigod father to use divine-level resources to redeem it. I wonder how long it will take to send the resources over…”

Princess Huang Xi’s vision darkened and she almost fainted.