Chapter 1206 - 1206 Roasting Demigod Bird Wings (5)

1206 Roasting demigod bird wings (5)

It had yet to come into contact with the Golden Roc half-god and had yet to completely take shape, but it had already triggered the sound of laws that obliterated everything. In an instant, the Golden Roc half-god bloodline trembled. The quasi-divine skill seemed to have been heavily injured and was instantly suppressed and obliterated.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The pupils of the Golden Roc demigod constricted, revealing a shocked expression!!!

“Father!!!” The golden-winged little roc was also shocked by this skill. Not to mention it, even the Sun God Phoenix was instantly stunned when it sensed this skill that was even more terrifying than its quasi-divine skill.

From the moment he woke up until now, he didn’t know what had happened.

“He, he…” As for Princess Huang Xi, she was also shocked when she saw Shi Yu so bravely suppressing a demigod.

Wasn’t this guy only a level-eight Beast Tamer?

How could it be so strong?

Even a legendary Beast Tamer couldn’t rely on a single pet to suppress a demigod, right?

Even if it was a Emperor Wu, only the combination of the nine pets could suppress a demigod!!

Was this Shi Yu’s confidence in calmly extorting demigods?

[Emperor Wu? I once fought him and was lucky enough to win by a move.] Suddenly, Princess Huang Xi recalled what Shi Yu had told her and almost blacked out again.

However, at this moment, she was even more confused. This guy’s goal in cooperating with her.

“Wait, wait.” At that moment, the most shocked was still the Golden Roc demigod. This move, this move hitting it was definitely a huge injury!

It looked at the Sun God Phoenix crazily and shouted, “Your Majesty, help me…”

Sun God Phoenix: “What a joke. Who are you?”

The Golden Roc demigod: “?”

It looked at the top-notch quasi-divine skill that gradually formed but never formed in panic again.

Although it had yet to take shape, it could feel the terrifying power of this Skill the most.

“Last chance,” Shi Yu said.

The Golden Roc demigod was also about to cry. It cursed the Golden-Winged Little Roc in its heart and said, “Sir, we have no grudges. There’s no need to fight to the death, right?”

“3, 2…” Shi Yu counted down.

“I don’t have divine-level resources, Legendary-level resources, three Legendary-level resources!!!”

Shi Yu frowned.

Seeing this, what was unbelievable to the Sun God Phoenix and the others was that opposite Shi Yu, the Golden Roc half-god’s expression kept changing as it suddenly severed its wings decisively.

Boom.

The huge demigod wings fell, and strong energy fluctuations lingered on them. The Golden Roc demigod said, “Although there are no divine-level resources, my wings can also be considered a divine-level resource. Sir, I admit defeat this time. Let’s each take a step back and have a bright future. Otherwise, even if I self-destruct, I won’t let you have an easy time.”

Not to mention the Sun God Phoenix and the others, even Shi Yu was shocked. He cursed in his heart. He didn’t expect the Golden Roc demigod to be so decisive and ruthless.

Although he wasn’t afraid of a demigod self-destructing and had already studied it thoroughly, he was speechless for a moment.

The reason why he didn’t attack immediately was that he really didn’t want to fight to the death and let Eleven and the others waste too much strength. After all, there were a lot of tough battles ahead… But at this moment, seeing the Golden Roc demigod fold its wings, Shi Yu was really impressed for a moment.

This was the most decisive enemy he had ever seen.

“Father…” The golden-winged roc was completely stunned.

Shi Yu looked at the demigod wings and calculated its value. He also sighed slightly and said, “Forget it, forget it. You guys can leave. Take your son and leave immediately.”

“Jiu!!!” The Golden-Winged Roc God looked at its unfilial son, and a furious glint flashed in its eyes. When it heard Shi Yu’s words, it used energy without a word and swept the golden Gust away with the Golden-Winged Roc.

It had a premonition that this was the best outcome. This human young man was very strange. He was definitely a Beast Tamer. He actually contracted a top-notch demigod as a pet. It couldn’t guarantee that if this continued, the other party wouldn’t take out other pets.

If the wings were gone, it could recuperate again and grow back. If it lost its life, everything would be gone.

Boom!!!

The Golden Roc demigod directly took away its heir, leaving only two pairs of huge demigod wings. When Shi Yu saw this, he suddenly thought of something and shouted in that direction,

“Wait, don’t forget those three Legendary resources!!!”

The golden light escaped even faster.

The Sun God Phoenix and the other Phoenixes had frightened expressions. What kind of person was this?

At this moment, Shi Yu was beautiful. He burst with joy as he looked at his wings and said to Eleven, “Good stuff. Go roast it first.”

“I’ve never eaten demigod-level wings before. I can have a big meal. This isn’t a loss. I have the Restoration items in the future. As for wings, they’re barely edible!”

“Wuu…” Eleven dispersed the Yin Yang Millstone and touched its stomach. Could this thing really be eaten?

“Probably…”

“It shouldn’t be inferior to the Phoenix Wings, right? Although we’ve never eaten the Phoenix Wings…” Shi Yu said.

At this moment, Shi Yu also looked at the Sun God Phoenix, the future empress, and the others who had been watching just now.

As Shi Yu’s gaze landed, the Sun God Phoenix was shocked.

Panic and fear subconsciously appeared in its eyes.

What was wrong with this person, what was going on! He could actually suppress a demigod, making him not hesitate to spend his wings and not be willing to continue fighting.

Why had he never heard of such a monster in the east?

Moreover… they still wanted to eat Phoenix wings and demigod wings?!! What the hell!

“Sir, who are you!!” The Sun God Phoenix couldn’t help but ask, its heart thumping.

She only hoped that the other party wasn’t an enemy.

Shi Yu chuckled and said, “Just a member of Mother Hunter.”

The Sun God Phoenix was at a loss. “What do you mean?!”

Why did this faction sound a little fierce?