Chapter 1203 - 1203 Roasting Demigod Bird Wings (2)

1203 Roasting demigod bird wings (2)

[Little Sister, leave it to us! After settling everything, we’ll…] Before Chi Tong left, it didn’t forget to greet the empress, but before it could finish speaking, it was put back into the space by Shi Yu and Baby Ginseng.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

What was there to talk about? Let’s go fight first!

“Huang Xi, demigod Garuda really came??? He’s not lying?”

At this moment, the Quas Phoenix overlord was stunned and couldn’t believe it.

“That’s right. At this moment, I’m afraid the totem guardians of the entire Phoenix Empire have already sensed it.”

“Mother might also be awakened.”

“I don’t understand this guy at all.” Princess Huang Xi continued to grit her teeth.

“Is he really crazy? No, the origin of this group of people is too mysterious. We can’t completely trust them.” The Quas Phoenix looked at its Beast Tamer and said seriously, “Even if that spiritual body is your bloodline relative, bloodlines are still unreliable…”

“Moreover, he actually provoked a demigod…”

If it was reliable, the current demigod of the Phoenix Empire should be the person closest to the empress, but in fact, it was the empress’s greatest enemy.

“But… I do feel that they don’t look like enemies,” Huang Xi said.

This didn’t rely on any bloodline perception, but purely the intuition of a quasi Legendary Beast Tamer.

The future empress was silent.

“No matter what, let’s go take a look first. I want to see if they’re crazy or if they really have some trump card.”

…

In the outside world.

The Golden-Winged Roc had waited for a long, long time.

The moment the Golden Roc demigod entered the Phoenix Empire, it also sensed the bloodline power from its father and sensed the soaring aura in the distance. It couldn’t help but be excited and nervous.

“Father, Father, you’re finally here.”

“I’ve waited so long.”

It had just returned to its original form when a huge aura was revealed. It wanted to fly into the sky and welcome its father, but its movements stopped.

Because at this moment, Shi Yu happened to come out of the mystic realm of the residence.

“Where are you going?” Shi Yu, who came out, looked at the golden-winged roc in midair with Eleven beside him.

The golden-winged roc looked like it was about to cry. It looked at Shi Yu and said, “Lord, have you seen Princess Huang Xi?”

Shi Yu said, “I saw it. It’s indeed beautiful.”

The Golden-Winged Roc was shocked and said, “How beautiful is it? What color are its wings? Forget it… This isn’t important. Lord, my father seems to have come. It brought a ransom to redeem me. Don’t hurt me. We agreed.”

“Wait a little longer… Wait a little longer…”

Shi Yu chuckled and said, “I already know, but this isn’t a very good trading place. Follow me. We’ll welcome your father.”

The Golden-Winged Roc’s expression was bitter.

It felt that this time, no matter the outcome, it would definitely be beaten up by its father when it returned.

At this moment, because of the descent of the Golden Roc demigod, several Phoenix Guardians in the Phoenix Empire woke up from various places and flew into the sky.

In an instant, the entire Phoenix Empire was enveloped in dark clouds.

“Move!!!” However, the Golden Roc demigod ignored these guys and flew straight ahead.

Facing the powerful aura of the Golden Roc demigod, these Phoenix Guardians didn’t dare to forcefully stop it.

Similarly, because its goal was not the Phoenix Empire, the Golden Roc demigod was unwilling to offend the Phoenix Race. It only wanted to find Shi Yu.

It knew that the Phoenix Empire also had demigods, but as long as it was clear about this kind of thing, it believed that the demigods of the Phoenix Empire would definitely make things convenient.

After all, demigods rarely made enemies easily, especially demigods with their own factions. Neither party could afford the price.

“Stop!!!”

At this moment, apart from Shi Yu and Princess Huang Xi, probably only the Sun God Phoenix demigod could stop the Golden Roc demigod in the Phoenix Empire.

In Phoenix City, all life trembled. The hot sun in the sky was even hotter.

Under the intersection of the golden light and the hot sun, in the light of the sun, an incomparably huge orange-red Phoenix God swept up the sun, emitting a monstrous aura. It spread out fire patterns that filled the sky and sealed the Phoenix City.

Boom!!!

This was also the first time the Golden Roc demigod, who was close to Phoenix City, stopped in its tracks. Its sharp gaze stared intently into the city.

“It’s His Majesty, the Divine Phoenix.” At this moment, the huge phantom of the future Dark Phoenix of the Sun Divine Phoenix lingered in the sky above Phoenix City.

The lives in the city who sensed the interweaving of two huge auras trembled, not knowing what had happened.

“Are there any enemies?”

“Who’s the other very terrifying aura?”

Under the panic of countless people, the Golden Roc demigod also faced the Sun God Phoenix.

“Your Majesty Divine Phoenix, I’m the Juggernaut of the Garuda Empire. Please forgive me for disturbing you. An evil person kidnapped my son and even used its life to extort resources from me. He’s in the city. Can you do me a favor and let me take him away?”

A demigod had barged into its territory. The Sun God Phoenix was originally very angry and nervous, thinking that it was its sister. Seeing that it was actually a Golden Roc demigod that came from nowhere and that its goal wasn’t the Phoenix Empire, it heaved a sigh of relief.

The Phoenix Empire was currently in the stage of prosperity and development. At the moment, it couldn’t withstand the torment.

“So it’s the Juggernaut of the Garuda Empire. I wonder who’s so bold to actually dare to hold your son hostage.” The Sun God Phoenix felt that it was unbelievable. Who dared to provoke a demigod and even threaten the other party to use resources to redeem him?

This person was definitely not from the Phoenix Empire. Its country didn’t have such a lunatic.