Chapter 1207 - 1207 Mother Hunting

1207 Mother Hunting

Mother Hunter!

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The Divine Phoenix half-god might not know what it meant, but how could the future empress beside him not know?

Xi’er, have you heard of Mother Hunter?

In the face of the Divine Phoenix demigod’s question, Princess Huang Xi had mixed feelings.

“I’ve never heard of it…”

She just didn’t know if that Shi Yu had included him.

At this moment, Shi Yu still had plenty of energy to force the Golden Roc demigod back without much effort.

He saw that the Sun God Phoenix had also come to the wilderness and couldn’t help but want to save trouble.

Now, only the Sun God Phoenix and Princess Huang Xi followed.

The other totem phoenixes were ordered by the Sun God Phoenix to stay in the Phoenix Empire to guard.

At this moment, he was alone. If he didn’t attack now, when would he?

“Your Majesty Divine Phoenix.” Shi Yu smiled and waved his hand.

It put the two pairs of huge wings of the Golden Roc demigod into the ruins space.

“Sir, what can I do for you?”

The voice of the Sun God Phoenix was like a high and mighty empress. At this moment, it was still rather dignified. However, it also sensed that Eleven was extraordinary and was very polite.

Energy Points: 2,980 million

The peak-level Mother Phoenix was neither strong nor weak. However, Shi Yu and the others had participated in too many demigod battles. It had long been considered veterans.

“Let me introduce myself in detail again.”

“My name is Shi Yu, a Beast Tamer. It’s Iron-eating Beast Eleven, my pet.”

Shi Yu introduced himself to the Sun God Phoenix.

“Shi Yu… Good name. By the way, it’s my fault for letting that huge golden bird disturb your elegance when you came to my Phoenix Empire as a guest.” The Sun God Phoenix was extremely apologetic. “Please don’t take offense.”

“I didn’t know before that it was the son of the golden bird who provoked you first. If I knew, I would definitely uphold justice for you.”

“I’ve always admired a human expert like you. Why don’t… the Phoenix Race treat you well again?”

“My daughter, Huang Xi, is similar in age to you. There must be countless topics to talk about.”

“In addition, I wonder if you’re interested in the Phoenix Race… Of course, I don’t mean eating! In the Empire, there are countless Phoenix Divine Birds with outstanding talent. If they can follow you and both parties contract, I believe they can definitely become your reliable companions.”

When the Sun God Phoenix saw Shi Yu’s strength, it immediately expressed goodwill.

The situation of the Phoenix Empire was still relatively stable, but the Sun God Phoenix knew that they still had a huge threat, the orthodox Phoenix Race of the Phoenix Island. Therefore, the Phoenix Empire needed more allies now.

In short, she couldn’t increase the number of enemies.

“Phoenix? Of course I like it very much, but forget about the contract. I already have a contract target with the bloodline of the Phoenix Race.” Shi Yu smiled.

“This…” The Sun God Phoenix was shocked.” Really? ”

Only Phoenix Island and the Phoenix Empire had the Phoenix Race bloodline.

“Yes, it’s her.” Shi Yu summoned the array without another word.

In the next moment, the Sword Maiden Chi Tong, who had a mini Phoenix clone on its shoulder, walked out of the red array.

Her red hair fluttered, and her red eyes looked around calmly at the Sun God Phoenix.

“Huh??”

A second ago, the Sun God Phoenix was still silent, worried that Shi Yu was related to Phoenix Island.

But in the next second, it was stunned twice.

They were first stunned by Shi Yu’s Beast Taming Space level.

Level eight.

How did a level-eight Beast Tamer contract demigod-level battle power?!

Even if Shi Yu was a level-nine Legendary, it was actually a little ridiculous. This was because according to the Sun God Phoenix’s understanding, no Legendary Beast Tamer had cultivated a demigod pet.

Perhaps Emperor Shi, Emperor Wu, and the others had hope, but unfortunately, these people died due to various accidents before they could reach the limit of their lifespans.

Therefore, a young Beast Tamer like Shi Yu who contracted a demigod was especially unbelievable in the eyes of the Sun God Phoenix.

At this moment, what was even more unbelievable was that Shi Yu wasn’t even at the legendary level, but a level-eight Beast Tamer, just like its daughter.

Although its daughter, Huang Xi, could also contract totems above her level, that was because she was a hybrid. The bloodline of Beast Tamers and pets was similar. Moreover, even if she succeeded, she would only contract ordinary totem battle power above her level.

Contracting a totem demigod above his level was very ridiculous in the eyes of the Sun God Phoenix, a Phoenix Race Expert who had studied Beast Tamers very thoroughly.

Of course, this was only a temporary shock. Then, what shocked it even more was the contracted target Shi Yu summoned.

Almost instantly, the Divine Phoenix demigod felt its bloodline connection with it!!

It looked at the calm-looking Spirit Body Sword Maiden in front of it in shock and at the mini Phoenix clone on its shoulder. It suddenly said in disbelief, “You…”

“Wait, what’s going on?”

“Your bloodline… You’re Xi’er??”

This was the name it gave Mu Huiyin.

The Divine Phoenix half-god instantly determined that the person in front of him was the daughter, Huang Xi, who had perfectly inherited her bloodline among countless experimental subjects a thousand years ago!!

When it went to find the other party, the other party’s bloodline aura had clearly disappeared completely, but it didn’t expect to see it again here!

Although it had become a spirit body, it wouldn’t feel wrong about that bloodline power.

“Xi’er…” When the Sun God Phoenix saw Chi Tong’s state, it instantly knew that the other party’s experience must be very complicated.

It was understandable that he couldn’t find the other party at that time.