Chapter 1205 - 1205 Roasting Demigod Bird Wings (4)

1205 Roasting demigod bird wings (4)

Bang!!!

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Under the vibration of a loud bang that resounded through Phoenix City, the huge Golden Roc demigod was directly sent flying by this beam of light. In a beautiful arc, accompanied by a miserable cry under the lightning, it was knocked out of the Phoenix Empire!!

Shi Yu definitely couldn’t fight the Golden Roc demigod in Phoenix City. After all, if there was a conflict, it wouldn’t be good if this place was destroyed. If the Dragon Vein of Phoenix City was destroyed, it would be a small matter if it wasn’t easy to ask for resources from the empress. There were also many ordinary people living here, so it would be a sin if it affected them.

Therefore, Shi Yu directly got Eleven to push the Golden Roc demigod out of the Phoenix Empire, planning to talk to it in the Desolate Land.

Du Ling Mountain Range.

At the border of the Phoenix Empire, a relatively desolate mountain range belonged to the totem battlefield during the founding of the Phoenix Empire.

Because a battle had happened before, this side was like a dead mountain. It was lifeless and without any life. Not to mention life, even undead were very few.

At this moment, accompanied by a black and white lightning in the sky, a huge golden figure was pushed by the light beam and smashed into a mountain.

Boom!!!

A huge mountain was directly flattened.

Everything around him instantly turned into a sea of lightning.

“Jiu!!!” The Golden Roc demigod’s miserable cry continued. It hurt, it hurt too much.

The super explosive power brought about by the combination of transcendent Inner Power, Thunder God Armor, Demon God Body, superalloy, and many other top-notch super skills was not inferior to low-quality quasi-divine skills.

At this moment, the Golden Roc demigod could be said to be completely stunned. It was speechless and didn’t understand what had happened.

On the other side.

Shi Yu was still in the sky above Phoenix City under the shocked expressions of the Sun God Phoenix, the Future Empress, and the others.

“Let’s go.” Shi Yu’s voice sounded. An alternate space door appeared in front of him. It was created by Buggy and opened the spatial passage to the battlefield.

Shi Yu stepped in.

“Who are you!!!” Before stepping in, he heard the shocked voice of the Sun God Phoenix.

However, at this moment, Shi Yu didn’t have the time to care about this. He used his Psychic power to pinch the frightened golden-winged roc and left.

“Ahhhhhh!!!” The golden-winged little roc was completely crazy.

“No, Father!!! Don’t joke around with me.”

…

Spirit Capital Mountain Range.

Shi Yu crossed the Void. At this moment, the Golden-Winged Roc God was also roaring angrily. It flapped its wings and repelled Eleven.

Or rather, Eleven took the initiative to take a step back.

Although this Golden-Winged Roc God was very lousy and its normal energy level was only 100 million higher than the cat, far inferior to a demigod like Eleven who held more than ten super top-notch skills and had no blind spots in all aspects and mastered top-notch quasi-divine skills, every demigod had their own unique points. Unless necessary, Shi Yu didn’t want to force the other party…

“Ahhh, Father!!!” The Golden-Winged Roc was captured. Looking at the miserable Golden Roc demigod, its expression collapsed. Wu wu, what was going on?

“Now, do I have the life to take that resource?” Shi Yu said in midair.

“What a joke!!! Die!!!”

The Golden Roc half-god let out a roar that tore through the sky. Its Exort Eye flickered like the sun and moon, and its divine iron-like strong mouth emitted divine light like an iron hook. It was like the sound of laws interweaving between steel and Gust, directly resounding in all directions.

Although this place was already far from human habitation, it still made the transcendent life forms closest to it instantly crawl in fear. It also made the Sun God Phoenix demigod and the others in the distance reveal shocked expressions and accelerate to see the situation.

Quasi-divine skill!

The Golden Roc demigod directly used a quasi-divine skill that contained the law of tearing and penetration to attack Shi Yu and the others.

“Wuu.” Seeing that the other party was so stubborn, Eleven blocked in front of the other party again. Divine power erupted, and behind its body, ten Chaos Panda phantoms appeared. Including the main body, there were eleven Chaos Pandas!!

Nine Li Army!!

It was an army skill fused with many skills such as the Bean Bear, Impregnable, Clone, and Four Symbols Star Formation.

Not only did it inherit the nature of the bean army that could be condensed in advance, but the effect was even stronger. The ten Chaos Bean Bear clones in front of him were clearly condensed by Eleven a long time ago. At this moment, the eleven Chaos Pandas worked together to block it, forming an army resonance. It was another non-quasi-divine skill to resist a quasi-divine skill!!

Boom!!!

The powerful attack of the Golden Roc demigod penetrated the huge golden light screen pushed up by Eleven’s palm in front of him. Only a few cracks appeared and it couldn’t penetrate at all. Then, these cracks actually quickly repaired, shocking the Golden Roc demigod.

“Who exactly are you?” At this moment, the Golden Roc demigod finally panicked.

Quasi-divine Skill… was actually blocked by a Normal Skill!!!

The Sun God Phoenix and the other experts who rushed over also looked at this scene in the sky in shock.

“That’s the Iron-eating Beast? The trump card of the Legendary Emperor Wu?” Like Huang Xi, the Sun God Phoenix finally sensed what race Eleven was.

However, he still couldn’t understand.

Why… who exactly were they?

“Are you giving me divine-level resources?” Shi Yu asked again.

“This is too much!!!” The Golden Roc demigod roared angrily again. Its energy level began to increase steadily. Seeing this, Shi Yu was helpless.

Eleven, who had blocked the Golden Roc demigod with one hand, raised its other hand without saying a word.

In his palm, a circular metal formed. The metal was black and white, one yin and one yang, one light and one dark. It was filled with two-colored lightning that fused, converted, and collided. It was extremely mysterious. Everything around it seemed to have turned into chaos, disintegrating and being obliterated.