Chapter 1202 - 1202 Roasting Demigod Bird Wings

1202 Roasting demigod bird wings

At this moment, Huang Xi wished she could kill the person in front of her with a sword.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Her feeling was indeed right. The Shi Yu in front of her was very unreliable.

First, it said that it had fought and won against Emperor Wu, and then it said that it had held the demigod son hostage to wait for the ransom?

Whether it was true or false, it showed that the person in front of him was really out of place.

“Is it really the son of a demigod? Golden-Winged Roc God, I know, the new demigod of the Ming Hua Continent.”

Princess Huang Xi couldn’t help but say, “Are you sure it’s being held hostage by you?”

“You guys should be friends, right? Do you have any intention of cooperating? At a time like this, can you be more serious?”

“Wu…” The Quas Phoenix looked at Princess Huang Xi. Princess Huang Xi, who usually felt very calm, gradually became unstable in front of this mysterious young man.

Shi Yu said in amusement, “We’re really not friends. If you don’t believe me, you can ask it.”

“It’s just that I’ve placed a death restriction on it, so it doesn’t dare to run.”

“Roar, roar,” Eleven said.

“Yi.” Baby Ginseng liked it. Actually, it could too, but it was definitely not as threatening as Eleven’s Wex Mark.

Princess Huang Xi opened her mouth slightly. Seeing Shi Yu’s serious appearance, her beautiful face revealed a hint of anger.

She naturally didn’t doubt that Shi Yu had the strength to defeat that birdman.

Although it was the son of a demigod, the golden-winged bird was clearly a little lousy.

But…

“Are you here to help me or to cause trouble for me?”

A demigod mother who was eyeing her covetously was enough to make her unable to breathe. In the end, the partner who had just formed an alliance brought another demigod threat?

If Shi Yu had brought a demigod ally, she would undoubtedly be very grateful to Shi Yu, but bringing a demigod enemy…

For a moment, Princess Huang Xi really wanted to give Shi Yu two punches and cut ties, although it didn’t matter.

At the same time.

All the totem countries and human cities in the east looked at the sky in fear.

Boom!!!

A huge golden-winged divine bird with a wingspan of a hundred meters was erupting with all its might and moving in a direction at a high speed.

“Jiu!!!”

At the same time, it let out an angry cry.

The demigod of the Garuda Empire, the Golden-Winged Roc God, and the Golden Roc demigod!

“Demigod level!”

“Which District’s totem king is it!”

In the east, many totems and top-notch overlords looked at the figure in the sky in shock.

“In that direction, the Phoenix Empire…”

“Is a war about to begin?”

As everyone knew, in a large District, under normal circumstances, there was only one totem half-god as the absolute Juggernaut.

At the moment, the totem half-god of the Dong Huang Continent was the Sun God Phoenix half-god of the Phoenix Empire.

At this moment, this Golden Roc demigod had come from god knows where. It was aggressive and flew towards the Phoenix Empire’s territory with strong anger, immediately waking up many lives.

The golden-winged roc’s cry for help was very fast.

The speed at which the Golden Roc demigod descended was also very fast.

As a new demigod of the Ming Hua Continent, it had just advanced to a demigod not long ago and was provoked. This was undoubtedly a challenge to its authority.

No matter who the other party was, it swore to make the other party pay a heavy price, a miserable price known to the world!

In a short moment, the Golden Roc demigod crossed the sea, crossed the land, and approached the border of the Phoenix Empire.

Its approach instantly made the Phoenix Guardians in the Phoenix Empire feel as if they were facing a great enemy.

However, a demigod-level was still a demigod-level after all. In addition, the Golden Roc demigod was known for its speed. There were probably not many in the east who could stop it.

In the depths of the Phoenix Palace, at this moment, as it sensed the demigod invader, a Phoenix wrapped in the Sun God Exort slowly opened its eyes from its sleep.

“Useless thing!” Just as it approached the Phoenix Empire, the Golden Roc demigod sensed the bloodline of the Golden-Winged Little Roc.

The Golden Roc demigod gritted its teeth at this good-for-nothing son.

However, it was its seed after all. It couldn’t really ignore the other party being captured.

At this moment, Princess Huang Xi still couldn’t believe that Shi Yu was so bold as to provoke a demigod.

Because this was indeed a little unbelievable.

However, it was a coincidence that the Golden Roc demigod came especially quickly.

As the future empress, the current second expert of the Phoenix Empire, Princess Huang Xi naturally had spies all over the country.

Therefore, as the Golden Roc demigod descended into the Phoenix Empire, she was almost the first to know.

Then, he looked at Shi Yu in disbelief.

“You…”

“Are you really crazy?” She didn’t expect what Shi Yu said to come true so quickly.

The enemy demigod was really here!

“What’s wrong?” Shi Yu was stunned.

Princess Huang Xi gritted her teeth and said, “If what you said just now is true, that demigod really came to the Phoenix Empire!!”

“What?” The Quas Phoenix beside him was shocked.

Eleven, Baby Ginseng, and the others were stunned before eager to give it a try.

“So fast?” Shi Yu was also stunned.

Then, he immediately got up and looked at the empty teacup. “Looks like Little Golden Roc is especially valued.”

“It’s getting late. You came at the right time.”

“After all… I don’t have much time. If I can solve it as soon as possible, I’ll do it as soon as possible.”

“Don’t worry, I’ll handle that Golden-Winged Roc God well. I won’t let the faction behind it become your trouble. I’ll settle this matter myself. You don’t have to get too involved.”

With that said, Shi Yu directly called Eleven and the others and left the Star Palace.

Only Princess Huang Xi was left silent on the spot.