Chapter 1209 - 1209 Mother Hunting Group (3)

1209 Mother Hunting Group (3)

Shi Yu summoned four demigods at once. Who could withstand this?

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“What kind of monster is this guy!”

The future empress was also shocked by this shocking lineup. Seeing that the ginseng baby that defeated the Quas Phoenix had become another world tree and emitted the sound of laws, as well as seeing equally terrifying companions beside it, she almost stopped thinking.

“Xi’er!!! Help me!!!” At this moment, the Sun God Phoenix could be said to be completely afraid.

It was a little regretful that it didn’t help the Golden Roc demigod deal with Shi Yu just now. If it were at that time, it could at least have gotten a demigod ally. In the end, there was only one daughter left.

In fact, even this daughter might not be able to stand on its side.

However, it could only give it a try now.

“Xi’er!!! Do you believe me or an outsider!!”

At this moment, Princess Huang Xi’s expression kept changing. In the end, her aura began to climb steadily.

Boom!!!

Eight huge golden summoning arrays, representing legendary symbols, appeared around her.

Just as Huang Xi had said, she could break through at any time. However, she had yet to make up her mind to fall out with the Sun God Phoenix.

At this moment, seeing Shi Yu’s strong lineup, she knew that she had to express something.

“Jiu!!!!” Apart from the future empress, its many overlord-level Phoenixes also broke through to the totem level the moment they descended and achieved the achievement of all totems.

The Divine Phoenix demigod was shocked. Legendary level?

“What a joke. Who are you?” However, in the face of the Sun God Phoenix’s request for help, the empress said.

It almost made the Divine Phoenix half-god’s vision go dark and his heart attack kill him.

“From the day I learned of your ambition, you were no longer my mother. Moreover, when I was weak, you had never fulfilled your obligations as a mother. In the end, we mixed-blood Beast Tamers are only human experimental subjects you injected with the Phoenix bloodline.”

Divine Phoenix Demigod: “?”

“Ahhh, unfilial daughter!!!” At this moment, the Divine Phoenix demigod’s mentality completely collapsed. Its eyes widened, and its aura erupted.

She understood what the so-called Mother Hunter combination was…

On the other side, it was just about to call the domestic totems to help when it suddenly realized that it was already trapped in a completely sealed barrier.

The entire Du Ling Mountain Range was enveloped by a huge barrier. The phantoms of the Green Dragon, Vermillion Bird, Black Tortoise, and White Tiger guarded the four directions of the barrier, extremely shocked.

“Happy cooperation.” Shi Yu retreated to the empress’s side and stood beside her with a smile.

“I…” At this moment, the empress couldn’t say anything. She felt that she was completely pushed by this guy.

She hoped that this guy was really a good person.

….

In the past space and time, in the empress dynasty, Shi Yu held hands with the future empress and directly started a mother hunt in the Du Ling Mountain Range.

A day later.

The entire Phoenix Empire was shocked.

The half-god of the Divine Phoenix died and “died accidentally”. Princess Huang Xi, who had the most orthodox bloodline of the half-god of the Divine Phoenix, succeeded the throne and was titled empress to take over the Phoenix Empire.

For a moment, the entire Phoenix Empire fell into bad news. Countless Phoenix Race members couldn’t believe it, and many Phoenix Race totems couldn’t accept Princess Huang Xi directly succeeding the throne. This was because the death of the Divine Phoenix half-god was too strange, but they were suppressed by the empress’s eight totem-level Phoenixes.

The empress directly displayed the strongest battle power of the Phoenix Empire.

In addition, over the years, the empress had also secretly cultivated her trusted aides, including the Phoenix pets beside her. They had been raised by her since she was young. Their subsequent races also directly became her help to ascend the throne.

At this moment, the culprit who directly changed the Phoenix Empire’s fate had already arrived at the Phoenix Empire’s national treasury.

“Sigh, you were pretty ruthless when you fought. In the end, you still couldn’t bear to be ruthless.” When he entered the country’s mystic realm, Shi Yu couldn’t help but complain about the empress.

After a battle, they only killed the Divine Phoenix half-god once. After it revived through the Undying Fruit, just like in history, the empress chose to seal its undead in a Legendary ruin.

As for the demigod corpse, it was also taken away by the empress. As for Shi Yu, he could freely take all the resources in the Phoenix Empire according to the agreement.

After witnessing Shi Yu’s strength, it was impossible for the empress to regret it. After all, the ones who could win this battle despite her bloodline being suppressed were mainly Shi Yu and the others.

This also meant that she didn’t have the strength to regret it in front of Shi Yu.

She was forced to ascend the throne the whole time.

It even made the empress feel that she was a puppet empress.

“I wonder how the Mother Feng that Teacher Cat is watching is doing. If it knew that it was being hunted jointly before it even attacked in another space-time, what would its expression be…”

When he entered the country, Shi Yu sighed. Before he transmigrated, he sealed the Undying Dark Phoenix in the original space and time and threw it to the gem cat to watch. After all, bringing an additional totem to transmigrate consumed more energy. He tried his best not to bring a burden.

However, the Undying Dark Phoenix in the original space-time was a burden, but its memories were good things.

According to the memories of the Undying Dark Phoenix, at this time, the Phoenix Empire had yet to fall into war all year round. Most of the resources of the Phoenix Empire were still stored in the mystic realm of the Ancient Capital Phoenix City and had not been transferred away by the Undying Dark Phoenix.

For example, the Undying Fruit and the Sun Flame Flower were still here.

Under normal circumstances, only the Undying Dark Phoenix and its trusted aides could open the Phoenix Empire’s treasury. However, Shi Yu and the others had obtained the opening method from the Undying Dark Phoenix “in person”.

“Alright, I’m in!”

Boom.

Space trembled.

Shi Yu and the others entered the Empire mystic realm together.

“Wuu…” “Wu…” “Yi!” “Mi…” “Ning…” “Mm!”

Under the hard work of Shi Yu and the others, they directly entered the Phoenix Empire’s national treasury at the most chaotic moment. Beside Shi Yu were hungry pets.

Especially Eleven. It had clearly just finished eating a Legendary resource, but it was still hungry after fighting two demigods consecutively as the main force.

It wanted to see how many good things… were in the Phoenix Empire’s national treasury!!

After entering the huge national treasury, Shi Yu directly swept the entire map with his Psychic power. Then, he was pleasantly surprised.

“Six legendary resources, three Sun Flame Flowers that contain the power of the sun. The other three are all heart crystals of the totem-level Phoenix Race. They are respectively wind, light, and Quas…”

“A divine-level resource is the Undying Fruit.”

“It’s alright, it’s alright. Although there aren’t many high-level resources, resources below level eight involve various Stats and types. This time, even if we only take a small portion, you can all have a full meal in the short term.”

“It’s mainly this Undying Fruit!!!”

After Shi Yu entered, he looked at an Undying Fruit sealed on a mountain in this mystic realm that was like the Phoenix Mountain Range.

It was the one he had eaten!

Shi Yu looked at the pet beside him.

“I’ve already eaten one. This, who wants to eat it???”

“Wu wu wu.”

Many pets suddenly looked at Baby Ginseng.

Baby Ginseng was stunned. It stretched out its white finger and pointed at itself.

The pets nodded.

A fruit that could only be used to its greatest effect after dying once…

It must be a ginseng baby that could easily revive even if it died. In exchange, it just had to cook more usually. He just didn’t know what Baby Ginseng would become after eating the Undying Fruit…