Chapter 1208 - 1208 Mother Hunting Group (2)

1208 Mother Hunting Group (2)

“You know each other?”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

At this moment, Shi Yu was also very “surprised”.

Seeing that the Divine Phoenix demigod was so excited, he couldn’t help but ask.

“This, this, this…” The Divine Phoenix half-god was more than excited. It sensed Chi Tong’s bloodline power that was only slightly inferior to Huang Xi and was extremely excited.

If it used Xi’er and Xi’er as nutrients, both of the Xi’s, wouldn’t it become a god 100%!!

Unfortunately, Xi’er had already been contracted by a human Beast Tamer, and this human was ridiculously strong. This was difficult for the Divine Phoenix demigod to accept and have a headache.

“It, it’s my daughter.”

The Sun God Phoenix didn’t care so much. With this relationship, even if it didn’t Devour its daughter, it wouldn’t be a loss to establish an ally with this human expert.

“Daughter??”

“Are you sure?”

Shi Yu emphasized.

The Sun God Phoenix said, “It should have sensed it. The power of its bloodline won’t lie!!”

“Good daughter, do you remember me? It’s me…”

Chi Tong was calm the whole time and didn’t react at all. After all, it already knew the true purpose of the “Undying Dark Phoenix” to create them.

“In other words, you’re its mother…” Shi Yu said.

The half-god of the Divine Phoenix surrounded by the orange-red Sun God Exort nodded excitedly and said, “It’s my daughter that I lost a thousand years ago. Daughter, Mother has looked for you so hard.”

“Spirit body, you actually turned into an undead. What exactly have you experienced all these years…”

“It’s my fault…”

The Sun God Phoenix acknowledged its kin excitedly, but suddenly, it felt that something was wrong.

From the moment it saw Shi Yu until this moment, every word Shi Yu had said quickly flashed through its mind.

Daughter, mother…

Shi Yu, Mother Hunter…

Huh?

The divine phoenix demigod’s language stopped. It looked at Shi Yu and the others and blinked. “What group did you just say you were?”

Shi Yu was silent.

Then, it said something that almost made the Sun God Phoenix’s heart explode.

Shi Yu grinned and said, “So you’re its mother. When I contracted it, I discovered something fishy about its bloodline power. This is a ‘nutritional bloodline’ that can be suppressed and absorbed by a higher-level bloodline. Therefore, at that time, I felt that its parents were definitely not good people.”

“It’s precisely because of this that the Mother Hunter Group was established. The goal is to help it solve its hidden danger one day.”

“Looks like that guy is you.”

As Shi Yu finished speaking, Chi Tong took a deep breath. Its red hair fluttered, and a red sword spirit condensed in its hand.

Little Chi Tong was very emotional now.

Shi Yu was finally not such a guy who went around acknowledging mothers…

From recognizing a mother to hunting a mother, this period represented the growth of their strength!

“Buzz!” Chi Tong summoned the Immortal Slaying Sword Formation and locked onto the Phoenix demigod!

The Sword of Laws vibrated.

At this moment, the Sun God Phoenix was completely stunned. Its entire body felt like it had fallen into a ice cave.

Quasi-quasi-divine skill?

Another one?

Moreover, what stunned it even more was that Shi Yu suddenly shouted, “Princess Huang Xi, we formed an alliance just now. You’re also a member of Mother Hunter. If we don’t get rid of the hidden danger together now, when will we?”

In the distance, Princess Huang Xi was also quite shocked that her sister had actually mastered a quasi-divine skill.

Was it a demigod again?

Her expression turned cold as she gritted her teeth. This damn guy.

She had already said not to let him mess around.

He would listen to her own actions.

In the end, what was going on?

Why did it take action immediately after the alliance? How could it be so fast?

At this moment, she could be said to be completely unprepared.

Of course, the one who was least prepared at the moment, the most shocked and stunned, and the one who was shocked to the extreme was still the Divine Phoenix demigod.

Its brain couldn’t react for a moment.

Its heart skipped a beat.

Mother Hunter Group… Not only did it hunt this mother, but she was also a member of the group and its current daughter?

It looked at Shi Yu and the others in confusion and shock, as well as its daughter, Feng Xi, whose expression suddenly changed in the distance. For a moment, what Shi Yu had just said repeated endlessly in its heart.

She completely didn’t expect his plan to be exposed. Even his two daughters had already met in advance.

“What nonsense are you talking about!!! Xi’er, don’t tell me you believe his nonsense!!!”

The Sun God Phoenix immediately panicked, but what made it even more panicked was that many summoning arrays suddenly appeared in all directions.

“Roar!!!” The huge Green Dragon Buggy that flew out of the array and occupied the sky had supreme might in its dragon eyes.

The super battleship that looked like a city in the sky slowly revealed itself.

The Water Slime condensed in midair enlarged infinitely, turning into a Devouring Demon King with its huge mouth open.

There was also Baby Ginseng, who walked out of the summoning array and gradually turned into a World Tree.

Buzz!!!

Ling’s Blessing Wind, Susu’s Sea Cleansing Contract, Baby Ginseng’s world kindness, Chi Tong’s Immortal Slaying Sword Formation, Eleven’s Yin Yang Millstone, and the Green Dragon Buggy’s Four Holy Domain. The pressure of two faith skills immediately rose.

It directly stunned the Sun God Phoenix again, feeling that it was dreaming.

What was going on?

This guy summoned a group of something messed up.

“Impossible, impossible, impossible!!!” As the sound of multiple laws resounded, the power of faith spread. The Sun God Phoenix didn’t even have time to determine that Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong, Ling, and the others weren’t demigods at all before it was suddenly stunned by this pile of laws.

In the stereotype, mastering a quasi-divine skill was a demigod.