Chapter 1216 - 1216 Making Things Up (4)

1216 Making Things Up (4)

The Phoenix Race’s Patriarch and a group of totem phoenixes were in disbelief.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“The reason why I contracted it is also because it’s a hybrid of a human and a Phoenix. It was Lord World Tree who told me its location and thought that it had the potential to surpass the divine level. This is the advantage brought by the hybrid.”

“Of course, hybrids are dangerous. The chances of success are less. It’s also right for the Phoenix Race not to try easily. However, there’s no need to treat successful cases as heretics and kill them all.”

“Unfortunately, Lord World Tree sleeps all year round. It can only completely awaken after the Mythical Revival. Otherwise, with its guidance, the rules of the various races on Blue Planet wouldn’t be so chaotic.” Shi Yu sighed.

“Impossible…” At this moment, when it heard Shi Yu say that the ancestor of the Phoenix Race supported hybrids, the Phoenix Vermillion Bird demigod had a look of disbelief.” Impossible. Could it be that Sister… ”

Shi Yu said, “Your sister is indeed wrong. It took the wrong path. It’s completely the right thing for you to stop it. Its goal in nurturing hybrid humans is to use them as nutrients. They belong to the category of siblings killing each other. Its methods are harmful to the world, and it’s easy to go berserk.”

“The most harmonious path is still for human Beast Tamers to sign an equal contract with the Phoenix Race to grow together and help together. Mixed blood is just another extreme path, and your sister is even more extreme.”

“However, when its crazy method was only carried out halfway, it indeed cultivated two talented hybrids.”

“One is the spirit body in front of you, and the other is Princess Huang Xi of the Phoenix Empire.”

“You’ve seen my sister?” The Phoenix Race Patriarch was stunned.

“Not only have I seen it, but I’ve also helped its daughter, the hybrid Beast Tamer, Princess Huang Xi, overthrow it. Its path isn’t recognized by the World Tree, and it’s easy to lead the Phoenix Race and humans to destruction. On the other hand, Patriarch, you’re highly trusted by the World Tree. This time, I came because I hope that you can hold hands with the Phoenix Race and the human countries that Princess Huang Xi is about to establish to develop in harmony and form an alliance,” Shi Yu said.

“Humans have to cooperate with all races sooner or later. It’s the trend.”

“As for Princess Huang Xi, as a human with the Phoenix bloodline, I think she’s a very good support target for the Phoenix Race.”

The expression of the Phoenix Race’s patriarch changed. She felt that it was unbelievable. She felt that what she had learned today was very dreamy.

If this were said by others, it definitely wouldn’t believe it. However, it couldn’t not believe Shi Yu… this World Tree Envoy.

In the end, the Phoenix Race Patriarch was silent for a long time before looking at Shi Yu and Chi Tong.

Chi Tong in front of him indeed had terrifying talent and had actually mastered a quasi-divine skill. After all, in the thousands of years, only it and its sister had cultivated a quasi-divine skill, and both parties had used it for a long time.

This hybrid didn’t look very old at all. Could it be that… hybrids really had such a huge advantage?

“How… do I assist you?” the Phoenix Race Patriarch said.

Shi Yu said, “It’s very simple. Although it has already mastered a quasi-divine skill, it’s actually only at the overlord level. The Mythical Race at the overlord level still has very powerful potential.”

“At the moment, it’s already on the verge of breaking through and can break through at any time. If it breaks through, it’ll be a demigod. I plan to let it gather you, Patriarch, and your sister’s forte to complete the breakthrough.”

“Then, with my support, there will be a high chance of opening the super-divine ruins.”

The Phoenix Race Patriarch was in disbelief again. An overlord could master a quasi-divine skill??? Was this the strength of the World Tree Envoy? If it weren’t for the gift of the world’s will, it couldn’t imagine how a life form could touch the laws of the planet at the overlord level.

“Alright… I can assist you.” The Phoenix Race Patriarch thought for a long time and finally made up her mind.

At the same time, Shi Yu felt strange. That was it? He didn’t expect that he was quite talented. With a round of Poof, he made the Phoenix Race Patriarch take the initiative to offer super-divine resources and even take the initiative to help nurture Chi Tong… Not bad!

He felt that in the future, relying on a fixed template, he seemed to be able to deceive the resources of other large races. It was not good to fight and kill. Using information to exchange for resources was beneficial to both parties! It was just that it might be easy to get beaten up by the World Tree after learning about it…

“I wonder if my current strength can defeat the World Tree…” Shi Yu fell into deep thought. He still felt that it was difficult. As the true strongest demigod, he felt that the World Tree had at least dozens of quasi-divine skills…