Chapter 1212 - 1212 When Baby Ginseng Eats The Undying Fruit (3)

1212 When Baby Ginseng Eats the Undying Fruit (3)

In Shi Yu’s team, apart from Chi Tong and Shi Yu, the other life forms didn’t mainly cultivate soul power. It was the same for Baby Ginseng. At this moment, eating the Undying Fruit was undoubtedly an epic strengthening of its soul power.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Yi Na!!!” The World Tree Ginseng shouted, trying its best to digest the power of the Undying Fruit. One second, two seconds…

A moment later, under the pleasantly surprised gazes of Shi Yu and Ling, Baby Ginseng actually completed a small scale evolution. Just like the Nine Li Battle Beast carving a Normal inscription, it awakened a new Race Skill. Its form didn’t change drastically.

If one had to say, there was. On Baby Ginseng’s huge normal tree, there was a pile of fruits that Baby Ginseng could create. Time Fruit, World Tree Fruit… At this moment, there was another one, a gray Soul Fruit that looked like a honeydew!

< Name > Soul Fruit

[Stats]: Wood, Undead

[Level]: Super

< Introduction > It’s a fruit that can increase the soul power of the eater and repair the damage to the eater’s soul. If developed to the extreme, it can allow the eater to live a second life in the form of a soul.

“Ling, Ling, do you sense it!” Shi Yu excitedly pulled Ling, who had a look of disdain beside him.

It had actually awakened a supplement skill related to soul power!

As the team’s healer, the most powerful thing about Baby Ginseng was actually still healing and replenishing blood, which was to replenish life force and physical fitness.

This also led to the Effect being the best when it treated Eleven and Buggy. When it healed Chi Tong, Ling, and Susu, the Effect was inferior.

It wasn’t that Shi Yu had never thought of replicating some supplement skills that specialized in dealing with soul power, but they were too rare. In addition, it wasn’t that Baby Ginseng couldn’t heal souls, but it wasn’t as expert as repairing life. Moreover, Chi Tong had also mastered soul repair skills, so Shi Yu found it troublesome and didn’t look for it seriously.

At the moment, Baby Ginseng eating the Undying Fruit and modifying itself through the Green Wood Divine Body and plant control had immediately made up for Shi Yu’s team’s shortcomings in this aspect. No, it wasn’t a shortcoming either. It was just that now, it had been strengthened even more!

Moreover, the most important thing was that Baby Ginseng’s Soul Fruit had inherited the final nature of the Undying Fruit. In the future, it had a chance of mass-producing divine-level resources like the Undying Fruit!

“Yi!!!” Baby Ginseng was excited. As expected of it.

This way, the name of its previous evolution, the Undying Ginseng, lived up to its name.

As long as it studied this skill thoroughly, it could completely have multiple modes!

In its normal state, it would fight directly. If it couldn’t defeat the enemy, it would self-destruct!

However, Baby Ginseng also understood that even if it self-destructed at the demigod level, it would be very difficult to blow up that pile of monster demigods…

For example, Eleven’s transcendent-level Indestructible Golden Body, the Nine Li Army, and a bunch of physique skills weren’t for show.

Now that Eleven was facing self-destruction head-on, it wasn’t afraid. It was the same even if Baby Ginseng broke through to a demigod.

Baby Ginseng could be said to not even have the confidence to heavily injure Eleven.

However, this wasn’t the first time it self-destructed. After the self-destruction ended, it revived and the Undead Ginseng self-destructed for the second time!

Right on the heels of that, the time mark revived. Baby Ginseng was another hero.

This wasn’t the end. At the moment, a perfect-level time mark could only condense one time mark.

However, a transcendent-level time mark could already condense a second mark.

In other words…

When Baby Ginseng reached the demigod level and its Soul Fruit was maxed out, its time mark would upgrade and it could self-destruct four times in a row!

Quadruple Explosion!

Even if it self-destructed once and didn’t kill demigods of the same level, what about four times?

Not to mention demigods, even if it was a primary-level god, Baby Ginseng felt that it wasn’t impossible to kill someone above its level.

If he cultivated Moon Explosion, Time Mark, and Soul Fruit into quasi-divine skills and added three quasi-divine skills to his body, Baby Ginseng felt that the position of the strongest demigod of the Blue Sea Sprite should change hands.

What was the combination of the strongest Skill?

Baby Ginseng was the first clear in the team!

The overlords and totem first clear in the team were all maintained in Baby Ginseng’s hands. At this moment, Baby Ginseng smiled foolishly, feeling that the divine level was also its.

It had already named this combination profundity.

It was called the Death Quartet!

“Yiya!” Baby Ginseng gave Shi Yu and the others a thumbs up. Giving the Undying Fruit to it to eat was really a clear choice.

“Indeed.” Shi Yu was also excited. “This way, I won’t have to trouble Qi to transmigrate to other parallel spaces to get the Undying Fruit. In the future, I’ll directly let you create it in batches.”

“Eleven, Buggy, even Duckie, Teacher Gem Cat. When the time comes, we’ll each have one. There are even more and more types of gifts for the new year.”

Baby Ginseng exclaimed and was completely stunned. Wait, damn it, only then did it react. The Soul Fruit was another supplement skill that the entire team could eat!! Its vision darkened and it felt a little weak.