Chapter 1213 - 1213 Making Things Up (1)

1213 Making Things Up (1)

Shi Yu and the others recuperated in the Phoenix Empire for a day.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The resources he obtained should be eaten and drunk. He wanted to recover to his peak state as soon as possible.

When it was about time, Shi Yu and the others didn’t delay. They directly headed to Phoenix Island as envoys of the Phoenix Empire.

…

Phoenix Island was located in the southern sea area of the Dong Huang Continent, covering hundreds of thousands of square kilometers.

Unfortunately, it had completely disappeared after the end of the empress dynasty and was sunk by the battle between the empress and the Phoenix Race’s patriarch.

This time, Shi Yu could be considered to have studied the sunken civilization on the ground.

In the sky, a huge battleship flew. Shi Yu enjoyed the beauty of the sky with Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong, Susu, Little Ji, Duckie, and the others.

After arriving above Phoenix Island, Shi Yu, Eleven, and the others looked at each other, wondering how to call the Phoenix Vermillion Bird demigod out next.

“Wu wu wu!” Eleven sensed that the natural energy here was abundant and took the initiative to volunteer. It climbed onto the railing and stood there.

“Eleven? Alright.”

“Wuu!”

Shi Yu signaled. Eleven immediately nodded and roared down.

Boom!!!

A deafening sound immediately spread throughout the entire Phoenix Island, making many creatures look up at the sky in shock.

Dark clouds instantly appeared on the island. The sky was pitch-black, and black lightning was Blinking. The thunder was deafening!

Then, white lightning streaked across the sky again. The condensation level made the thunderclouds turn into lightning pools. The thunderclaps didn’t stop, and the sky turned from dark to bright. Black and white lightning intertwined, as if Doomsday had descended.

The huge sound of lightning wrapped around the power of a demigod. It was as if a heavenly tribulation had descended, making all the lives on Phoenix Island look at the phenomenon condensed in the sky in horror.

“Where’s the Phoenix Race Patriarch?”

The thunderclap turned into a mental wave that resounded in the heart of the high-level life form.

“Who is it!”

In the Phoenix Race, the half-sleeping Phoenix Vermillion Bird demigod was awakened and sensed an especially terrifying demigod power.

Its strength… might not be inferior to it!

It let out a cry and tore through the air, flying into the sky. On the island, the Phoenixes at the totem level also flew into the sky together to find the source of the phenomenon.

This power of lightning was too terrifying, enough to carpet bombard Phoenix Island. At that time, all lives below the totem level would probably die from the lightning. He had to figure out the source!

When a totem half-god and eleven Normal and top-notch totem phoenixes arrived in the sky, they were directly shocked by the scene in front of them.

A black and white bear more than a meter tall was bathing in the lightning sea. It seemed to have released the lightning, but it mobilized the lightning and triggered stronger lightning in the world. It seemed to have another goal!

It was eating!

Many Phoenixes saw that this black and white bear was devouring the natural power of lightning condensed around Devour in big mouthfuls. Among the eleven totem phoenixes, a thunder-element phoenix was shocked and said,

“Stop!! Stop it! If this continues, the natural lightning on Phoenix Island will be eaten!”

“At that time, Phoenix Island will become a country that loses lightning.”

“Wuu!” On the other side, Eleven’s deterrence shook the sky and earth like a thunder god. When it heard the shout from the other side, it revealed a disdainful expression and immediately stopped eating. Petty person, what was wrong with eating some of your lightning?

This Phoenix Island was indeed a treasure land. The quality of the surrounding natural energy was very high, far exceeding any country Shi Yu had been to. When Eleven came, it immediately didn’t want to leave. It felt that it could be full for a long time just by eating natural lightning here.

“The current patriarch of the Phoenix Race!” Eleven returned to Shi Yu’s side and Shi Yu shouted. At this moment, many Phoenixes, the current patriarch of the Phoenix Race, and the sister of the Undying Dark Phoenix looked at Shi Yu and the others solemnly because the power Eleven displayed was too strong.

However, from the looks of it… that human was the leader.

Shi Yu faced the many Phoenixes and slowly said,

“I’ve been jointly entrusted by the seven gods of the Blue Planet’s Will, the Boar God of the Mythical Era, Xuan Ming, the Holy Divine Deer, Lord Lie Shan, the Demon King Dragon, the Eternal Divine Tree, and the Ancient God Golden Bull to mediate the conflict between your race and the human race and take away your race’s super resources.”

Shi Yu stood on the battleship with his hands behind his back. He looked calmly at the totem half-god in front of him, the Phoenix Race Patriarch.

3.8 billion energy points!

This was the guy with the highest normal energy value Shi Yu had ever seen, even higher than Eleven. As expected of the Phoenix Race Leader who had lived for thousands of years and had always steadily suppressed the Undying Dark Phoenix. At the same time, it had mastered quasi-divine skills and faith skills.

It had probably eaten a lot of divine-level resources… There was even a pile for Undying Dark Phoenix, so the other party definitely had more.

However, no matter how impressive the other party was, Shi Yu’s aura was also very strong this time.

Upon hearing Shi Yu’s words, the red divine bird was clearly stunned. Then, it revealed an extremely ridiculous expression.

Huh???

It wasn’t the only one. All the Phoenix Race was stunned.

Adjust the conflict between the Phoenix Race and the human race?

What a joke. What conflict did their Phoenix Race have with humans?

On Phoenix Island, the humans lived in peace and enjoyed longevity. They were the happiest batch of humans on Blue Planet. Their Phoenix Race had also always been known as auspicious totems. They were loved by all races, including humans. Shi Yu’s entire story was nonsense!

Also, take away the super resources of the Phoenix Race?

What a joke. How could a human like Shi Yu take away something left behind by his ancestor when exploring the starry sky just like that?

He was even entrusted by the Blue Planet’s Will, the World Tree, and the seven gods of the Mythical Era. Who was this Poof!