Chapter 1217 - 1217 Demigod-Level Vermillion Bird Sword Maiden (1)

1217 Demigod-level Vermillion Bird Sword Maiden (1)

“We can assist you in trying to crack the super-divine ruins.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“However, what’s the specific method?”

The Phoenix Race Patriarch stared at Shi Yu and the others on the battleship in silence.

This super-divine ruin had already made the Phoenix Race consume a lot of strength. It was useless even if they threw it.

It already believed Shi Yu’s watertight words.

He also felt that it was more valuable to let Shi Yu and the others crack the ruins and take out key information that affected the survival of Blue Planet.

As the envoy of the World Tree, there should be something unique about it that could crack ruins that others couldn’t, right?

“As for the specific method…”

“Before cracking the ruins, I want it to evolve and break through to its strongest state.”

“At the moment, not only has it perfectly inherited the power of the Sun God Phoenix, but it has also walked its own path and mastered a Sword-type quasi-divine skill.”

“For the sake of success rate, I also want its clone to walk the same path as you, Patriarch, and become a quasi Vermillion Bird.”

“This way, the power of the Phoenix, the divine power of the Sword Skill, and the power of faith, together with the power of humans, can definitely have the battle power of a god.”

“According to the deduction results of the Phoenix Race, with divine-level battle power, you can crack this ruin, right?” Shi Yu said.

“What?” Many Phoenix totems were shocked. So Shi Yu had gotten the patriarch to help him cultivate with this idea!

Vermillion Bird evolution method!

When the Phoenix Race Patriarch heard that, her red eyes flickered. “I see. Unfortunately, I can’t help you with this.”

“Evolution into quasi Vermillion Bird… I also don’t have a systematic evolution plan because of many coincidences.”

“Oh?” Although Shi Yu and the others felt that it was a pity, they also felt that it was normal.

“It’s also within my expectations,” Shi Yu said.

Alright then, but there were always more ways than Difficult.

Shi Yu said, “You don’t have to worry about that.”

“I’m the Envoy of the World Tree and have the fruit of the World Tree. You should know the effect of the World Tree, right?”

“It can increase comprehension and learning ability.”

“Patriarch, you only need to showcase the Vermillion Bird faith skill you have mastered and give me a legendary feather that contains your own spiritual power and the power of the Vermillion Bird faith. We can deduce the Vermillion Bird Path ourselves.”

The Phoenix Race Patriarch was stunned. “Are you sure?”

What a joke.

How could it be so easy to evolve into a Vermillion Bird? It felt that Shi Yu and the others might fail at this step.

“Feel free to help. I’ll think of a way,” Shi Yu said.

The Phoenix Patriarch’s expression calmed down. After thinking about it again and again, she finally nodded.

In that case, it wanted to see how the other party could evolve into a Vermillion Bird by observing faith skills and a Vermillion Bird feather!

“Sure.” The red divine bird that the Phoenix worshiped immediately took out a feather.

In the next moment, the Vermillion Bird Divine Fire was lit on the red feather!

< Name > Vermillion Bird Divine Fire

[Stats]: Exort

[Level]: Super

< Introduction > It’s a faith skill. The divine fire formed by burning the power of faith can even burn the laws of the planet!

Boom!!!

The divine fire was ignited. In an instant, it was as if a sun had fallen above Shi Yu and the others’ heads. The season instantly changed from winter to summer, and the temperature changed greatly.

The blue sky and white clouds instantly turned into red clouds because of the appearance of this palm-sized bird-shaped divine fire.

This small bird-shaped fire was especially powerful. Under Shi Yu’s perception, the threat level even exceeded some quasi-divine skills.

The Phoenix Race Leader in front of it had mastered quasi-divine skills and faith skills at the same time. It could be said that it was indeed ridiculously strong. It was no wonder that the Undying Dark Phoenix couldn’t defeat it, and it was also sad that the empress could only perish with it.

Shi Yu sighed. The enemies faced by Legendary emperors like Dong Huang were really not simple.

Yun An was a cosmic life form with a quasi-divine skill. The Phoenix Race’s patriarch had mastered the Vermillion Bird Faith Skill and a quasi-divine skill.

They were not what ordinary demigods could compare to.

“How is it?” At this moment, using the Vermillion Bird Divine Fire, the dignified queen’s voice of the Phoenix Race’s patriarch sounded. Shi Yu in front of him was indeed powerful. He had contracted a bunch of pets who had mastered quasi-divine skills.

If it fought Shi Yu, it would also have a headache.

However, the Phoenix Patriarch was certain that in a one-on-one situation, it was invincible.

Because it was the Vermillion Bird faith god! It had the backing of the entire Phoenix Nation.

Under the enhancement of countless power of faith, its Vermillion Bird Divine Fire could even burn the laws of divine skills.

“Not bad.” Shi Yu revealed a satisfied expression. Unfortunately, the Phoenix Race’s patriarch only mastered one faith skill, the Vermillion Bird Divine Fire.

Unlike Buggy, who had two faith skills the moment it evolved, and one of them had even been fused into a top-notch faith skill like the Green Dragon Indestructible Body.

“Eleven.” Shi Yu gave the order. Eleven flew out electromagnetically. As the Phoenix Patriarch was stunned, it directly pinched the bird-shaped Vermillion Bird Divine Fire in its hand.

Boom!!!

Under the hot temperature, Eleven was excited. What a strong flame. Even with the transcendent Leaving Gold Battle Body, Indestructible Golden Body, and Molten Gold Skill, its Exort Resistance was extremely high. It felt the damage.

If such a strong flame was used to temper the body, the Effect would definitely be very good!

He hoped that Chi Tong’s sister would learn it quickly!

At that time, Buggy’s Dragon Star meteorite would train its fist, and Chi Tong’s Vermillion Bird Divine Fire would train its body. Perfect!

“Impossible!” Seeing Eleven pinch the Vermillion Bird Divine Fire, the Phoenix Race Patriarch said in disbelief.

The other totem Phoenixes were also shocked. They could sense that the Iron-eating Beast in front of them was a metal-element creature.