Chapter 1210 - 1210 When Baby Ginseng Eats The Undying Fruit (1)

1210 When Baby Ginseng Eats the Undying Fruit (1)

“Ling, bring everyone to move the resources first.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Remember, only take those that are useful to us…”

“If it’s not that useful. Leave it for the empress.”

“After all, we’re not bandits…”

In the Phoenix Empire’s national treasury, Shi Yu waved his hand and had already gotten his pets to move.

However, Shi Yu’s words made things very difficult for everyone.

The members of the team involved various Stats. There was more than one rare time-element pet. Basically, they could use any resource.

Didn’t that mean that they would all move away?

“Take it according to what I say!” Ling sighed. This job was clearly given to it by Shi Yu.

This involved a utilization rate and cost-effective ratio.

Shi Yu probably couldn’t be bothered to take a look or think about it. He could only let it do it.

“Undying Fruit, take it away first.”

“Three Sun Flame Flowers, two.”

“Three Phoenix Crystals, take one wind-element one.”

“Resources below the legendary level are mainly edible.”

The huge national treasury was wreaked by Shi Yu and the others. Soon, everything Shi Yu and the others needed was packed and taken away.

Shi Yu smiled and walked out of the country with a group of bandits.

In midair outside.

Her green clothes fluttered in the wind. The empress, who was in the air, fell silent when she saw Shi Yu come out.

After Shi Yu and the others came out, they looked up at the empress. Shi Yu scratched his cheek and said, “You’re so worried about us, and you even came to supervise us amidst your busy schedule. Look, I really only took a portion.”

“Is this enough?” the empress said. “You can take some more.”

If you only take so little, I won’t inherit this country steadily…

Before Shi Yu went to the national treasury, Empress Huang Xi was already prepared to spend a lot.

She had already forcefully convinced herself that if she didn’t have Shi Yu’s help and changed the dynasty herself, the Phoenix Empire’s resources would only be consumed more.

It could be said that she was already mentally prepared for Shi Yu to take away all the divine and legendary resources.

However, to the empress’s surprise, Shi Yu still kept three Legendary resources. He only took less than a fifth of the resources below the legendary level.

Although from the perspective of an Empire, this was already a very large resource, Shi Yu actually had the strength to take it all away. She was helpless to resist. It was beyond the empress’s expectations to only take so little.

After all, from the start, Shi Yu had been complaining that he only wanted resources and was completely after resources.

“Don’t think so badly of us. This is enough. You still need these resources for the next development of the Dong Huang Dynasty.” Shi Yu chuckled and said, “Moreover, after taking these resources, we won’t let you suffer.”

“Next, you’ll confer me as the Diplomacy Ambassador of the Dong Huang Dynasty. I’ll help you solve the hidden danger of the Phoenix Race on Phoenix Island. How about that? These resources will be your reward.”

“I’ll try to persuade the pure-blooded Phoenix Race to become Dong Huang’s ally. At that time, we can avoid a battle and save a lot of resources.”

“Wuu!” Eleven and the others expressed that they were good people.

Using these resources was purely out of helplessness. His family really couldn’t afford it.

These were all life-saving rice. Apart from high-level resources, low-level resources definitely didn’t take any extra needles or threads. They only took what could be eaten!

Shi Yu had also calculated that in the orthodox history, when the empress and the Undying Dark Phoenix fell out, the Undying Dark Phoenix did not leave much resources for the empress’s Dong Huang Dynasty.

For example, the Undying Fruit and the Sun Flame Flower had already been moved away by the Undying Dark Phoenix in advance.

Low-level resources had also been consumed most of them in the battle between the Phoenix Empire and Phoenix Island.

Therefore, Shi Yu leaving these things behind was already very luxurious. It could definitely make the empress dynasty live more comfortably than the original history.

Apart from that, he happened to be going to Phoenix Island. If it went smoothly, he could also save the empress dynasty from a battle. He wouldn’t have to exhaust his luck so quickly and destroy the country.

It could be said that this empress space-time was also about to walk out of a completely different history.

“Impossible.” At this moment, Empress Huang Xi already trusted and had a better impression of Shi Yu. She landed beside Shi Yu and said, “Even if it’s her biological sister, that Phoenix Vermillion Bird demigod didn’t show any mercy and exiled it out of the island.”

“The current Phoenix Empire will definitely be a thorn in that Phoenix Vermillion Bird demigod’s side…”

“If it weren’t for the special geographical location of the Phoenix Empire, which is in the center of many totem countries, Phoenix Island would have already started a war with this side. Even if it hasn’t completely started a war, there have always been small-scale friction.”

“This battle is inevitable. The conflict between pure-blooded and hybrids is impossible to mediate with the Phoenix Race.”

Shi Yu said, “Don’t worry…”

“Shi Yu, stay. Let’s strengthen the Dong Huang Dynasty together. With you around, even if we start a war, Dong Huang won’t be afraid of Phoenix Island.” Feng Xi looked at Shi Yu and invited, “Apart from this country, I can give you anything else you want. As long as this country can develop according to my wishes.”

Shi Yu was stunned. He shook his head and said, “Sorry, I previously said that I wouldn’t stay here for long.”

“However, I believe you can also manage Dong Huang well yourself.”

Empress Huang Xi was silent. Was it still not enough?

[We’ll help Dong Huang deal with the hidden danger of Phoenix Island.] Chi Tong also wanted to help its sister, but unfortunately, they didn’t have much time left in this space and time.