Chapter 1215 - 1215 Making Things Up (3)

1215 Making Things Up (3)

“I couldn’t confirm your identity just now. I was rude. Please forgive me.” Opposite Shi Yu, the Phoenix Race Patriarch directly restrained her aura and said in shock with rapid breathing.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

At this moment, it completely believed it. After all, this ridiculous lineup really made it very difficult for it not to believe.

“This, this, this, this…” The other totem Phoenixes were also shocked. The envoy of the World Tree had come looking for them.

What was wrong with their Phoenix Race?

With such a terrifying lineup, at least six quasi-divine skills were enough to easily destroy the Phoenix Race!

Moreover, there were also a few harmless-looking pets that didn’t show their strength at all!

“It’s alright. It’s normal not to believe it easily. The World Tree only shared her power with me because it considered the specialness of this identity,” Shi Yu said. “Since you believe it now, you can sit down and talk.”

“I’m here for a total of two things…”

The Phoenix Race’s patriarch was silent. She looked at Shi Yu and said, “Lord Envoy, we’re helpless in your request. There are indeed super-divine resources in the Phoenix Race, but we can’t take them out at all.”

“Moreover, I wonder what’s the use of this resource, Lord.”

Shi Yu said, “I know.”

“But this resource is very important. It’s an item Lord World Tree specified to obtain.”

“In the Mythical Era, the three cosmic races invaded Blue Planet. Countless gods died in battle, and Blue Planet shattered. Although we finally won, those invading races weren’t completely destroyed. Instead, they escaped back to the starry sky.”

“At that time, Blue Planet was no longer suitable for gods to live in, so under Blue Planet’s suggestion, they went to the starry sky to find a new home. Apart from that, they had another mission, which was to go deep into the universe and investigate those invaders.”

“The super-divine resources brought back by your race are very likely to be an important item and some kind of news. Therefore, this thing is very likely to affect the future, life, and death of Blue Planet. This is also why the World Tree asked me to take it away.”

The Phoenix Race’s patriarch and a bunch of totem Phoenixes listened to Shi Yu in a daze.

Shi Yu was not done speaking. “The future of Blue Planet is filled with misfortune. That divine-level Phoenix that returned from the starry sky and brought back super-divine resources is actually not the first god to bring the resources of the outside world back to Blue Planet.”

“Long before it, Goddess Wa, who was also a top-notch god and supreme god spirit like the Ancestral Dragon and the Origin Phoenix, brought back another resource.”

“It’s called Human.”

“Humans, a large race in the starry sky of the universe, aren’t native life forms of Blue Planet. However, later on, they were modified by the World Tree and became a member of Blue Planet. Human Beast Tamers are jointly regarded by many gods and even the World Tree as the hope of Blue Planet life forms to break through and surpass the divine level.”

“This is also why she chose me as an envoy.”

“My other Quests this time are to pass this news to the Leader of the human race and a Leader of a large race like the Phoenix Race. This is also convenient and better to welcome the future calamity of Blue Planet.”

“I know that the Phoenix Race has always treated humans well. This might also be because your ancestors received instructions from the World Tree.”

“Don’t worry, I’m prepared. I heard that the super resources brought back by that Senior Phoenix Divine Spirit are in a ruin and have set restrictions. Only those that contain the Phoenix bloodline can explore.”

“Apart from that, it’s difficult to take away that resource with the power of a demigod alone.”

“This is indeed not easy… Therefore, after receiving the order from the World Tree, I made targeted preparations. I’ve long contracted a pet with the Phoenix bloodline in the outside world. We can work together to try to crack the ruins.”

“If it can’t be cracked, forget it. Perhaps the time hasn’t come yet. Only when the Mythical Era descends again and breaks through to the divine level will there be hope.”

“If it’s successfully cracked, I can learn what information that senior brought back earlier and make targeted preparations.”

“Please assist me, especially you, the current patriarch of the Phoenix Race.”

At this moment, the Phoenix Race, who had learned many secrets from Shi Yu, was completely stunned.

Even the Vermillion Bird demigod had never learned so much explosive information at once.

However, throughout the whole process, Shi Yu’s pets were very silent. Was this the power of transmigrating to the past and getting bad information? They almost believed it!

Even with Ling’s top-notch intelligence, it couldn’t analyze anything wrong for a moment.

“This…” The Phoenix Race was also deceived by Shi Yu’s extremely complete statement.

“A pet with the bloodline of the Phoenix Race?” The Phoenix Race’s patriarch, the sister of the Undying Dark Phoenix, had a surprised expression.

“Yes.” Shi Yu looked at Chi Tong. At this moment, the loli Chi Tong had dispersed the Four Immortal Slaying Swords and the Phoenix clone slowly condensed on the tip of its finger.

The power of his bloodline erupted.

The powerful Phoenix bloodline from a demigod directly made all the Phoenixes present widen their eyes.

Among them, the Phoenix Race’s patriarch, the sister of the Undying Dark Phoenix, was even suddenly stunned. She looked at the spiritual body Chi Tong in disbelief and said, “This bloodline… is the Phoenix bloodline entrusted to humans?”

Then, it almost exploded.

“Calm down!!!” Shi Yu shouted. “Have you forgotten what I just said? I still have another goal, which is to mediate the conflict between you and humans. This conflict also includes the conflict between the pure-blooded Phoenix and the mixed-blood Phoenix.”

“Human hybrids are also a testable path discussed by all races and the World Tree back then. However, this path is very difficult. The Phoenix Race didn’t try it first, but it was carried out by the dragons with more domineering bloodlines first. Human and phoenix hybrids have never been rejected by the Phoenix Race. Your clan rules should have been updated long ago.”