Chapter 1219 - 1219 Demigod-Level Vermillion Bird Sword Maiden (3)

1219 Demigod-level Vermillion Bird Sword Maiden (3)

“Roar!!!”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

In the starry sky, the green dragon roared.

The moment they entered the starry sky, apart from Buggy, Shi Yu and the others more or less felt some suppression. This suppression would become stronger and stronger as they left the planet and went deeper into the starry sky.

Generally speaking, only cosmic life forms could move relatively freely outside the planet. If it were other races, they would be like fish out of water. They would feel very uncomfortable.

This suppression was also the reason why some gods on Blue Planet didn’t have the ability to sail far.

Unless they could optimize their bloodlines and modify themselves into a cosmic race. However, there was still the same problem. Not every life form had the aptitude to complete their evolution.

However, although it couldn’t survive in the universe for a long time, at Shi Yu and the others’ level, it was still not a problem to stay for a few hours.

This period of time was enough.

“Chi Tong.” After flying to the starry sky, Shi Yu called out. Chi Tong, who was in the energy-efficient form beside him, nodded and returned to its growth form.

Sword Maiden Chi Tong, who was wearing silver-white armor and had red hair draped over her shoulders, directly summoned the Sun God Phoenix clone.

[Then I’ll go.] Chi Tong turned around and looked at Shi Yu with its red eyes.

Shi Yu nodded.

“Jiu!! ~ ~ ~”

Then, the orange-red Sun God Phoenix clone flew out under the illumination of the sun. Fire spiritual aura lingered on Chi Tong’s body, and it directly changed from Buggy to the Phoenix clone.

“Wu wu wu!!” “Roar!!” “Yi!!” “Ning!!” “All the best!!”

Eleven and the others cheered for Chi Tong. Chi Tong nodded heavily and rode the Phoenix clone away from Shi Yu and the others. During this process, the fire power on its body was even stronger!!

The power on the Phoenix clone was Sun Flame, the Sun God Fire Exort, and the power that had been stripped away by Chi Tong. However, she could still control it, and her own flames were the flames of life, flames that belonged to her.

Under the lingering of the double flames, the Yun clan totem undead imprisoned by Chi Tong in its undead space burned one after another, turning into Spirit Release nutrients that assisted Chi Tong in breaking through, leaving only the Abyss Demon Frog, a demigod puppet.

Soul aura that filled the sky surged and lingered around Chi Tong and the Phoenix clone, causing their joint aura to increase steadily.

Apart from that, Chi Tong also used the World Tree Fruits prepared in advance by Baby Ginseng and the Sun Flame Flowers plundered from the Phoenix Empire’s national treasury.

Under the enhancement of many resources, its original 300 million normal energy points began to take a qualitative leap.

It began to break through!!!

Strength turned into life source!

1 billion… 2 billion… 2.5 billion… 3 billion…

Soon, Chi Tong’s normal energy level also exceeded the three billion mark. Without a doubt, once it broke through, it would be at the demigod level.

This time, Shi Yu was most concerned about the change in Chi Tong’s “Spirit Release” Skill.

The proficient level, expert level, and perfect level Spirit Release allowed Chi Tong to have the bird spirit form, phoenix spirit form, and Sword Maiden form. Then what about the transcendent level Spirit Release this time?

Shi Yu and Chi Tong didn’t know, but soon, they knew. They saw the red breakthrough light become stronger and stronger. The flames that filled the sky seemed to have wrapped them into a huge fireball that reflected the starry sky.

“This is…” When the Phoenix Patriarch also flew into the starry sky, she immediately saw the scene in front of her.

“This is…” When the Phoenix Patriarch also flew into the starry sky, she immediately saw the scene in front of her.

On Blue Planet.

At this moment, any life form that looked up could also discover that two suns seemed to have appeared in the sky.

This special phenomenon directly confused and shocked many lives.

Shi Yu and the others on the green dragon were stunned before immediately reacting.

The transcendent-level Spirit Release directly made Chi Tong’s bloodline form return to the essence power of the Sun God Phoenix, the power of the sun!

At this moment, Chi Tong seemed to have obtained the true body of the sun and could freely transform into the form of the sun.

However, this was not a Skill. Just like the previous Flame of Regeneration and the Flame of Restoration, it was just a derived form of Spirit Release to increase proficiency.

In this state, it would be even easier for Chi Tong to mobilize the power of the sun.

Boom!!!

In an instant, the light of the sun swept in all directions. In the incomparably dazzling hot sun, a figure with surging sword intent and an aura that pierced through the starry sky walked out. It was Sword Maiden Chi Tong.

She was still beautiful, and her figure was even more dazzling in the sun.

At this moment, Chi Tong had already completed its breakthrough, but it had yet to complete its evolution. After looking at Shi Yu and the others through the starry sky, Shi Yu and Buggy’s mouths curled up and they smiled.

“Buggy, I’ll leave the rest to you.”

“Roar!!!”

Under Buggy’s roar, it directly activated the Four Holy Clones Skill. One round of the Four Holy Vermillion Bird clones, which was originally created with Chi Tong as the prototype, mobilized the power of faith from the Vermillion Bird faith items collected by Shi Yu and the others to help Chi Tong undergo the Awakening Purification.

Chi Tong was also trying its best to use the power of faith of the Vermillion Bird to optimize the bloodline of its Phoenix clone.

“This is…”

The Phoenix Race Patriarch, who had followed, couldn’t help but be stunned when he saw the huge Vermillion Bird phantom flying behind Chi Tong and mobilizing the power of faith to help it modify its bloodline.

It suddenly looked at the ten-thousand-meter-long green dragon. Why… why could this green dragon even mobilize the power of faith of the Vermillion Bird!

This didn’t make sense!

“Moreover, my Vermillion Bird Feather…” The Phoenix Race Patriarch suddenly realized that the current Chi Tong was already disintegrating its Vermillion Bird Feather. It seemed to be really as Shi Yu had said. They were simulating the evolution path of the Vermillion Bird through deduction.