Chapter 1214 - 1214 Making Things Up (2)

1214 Making Things Up (2)

“Hahahahahaha…” After the current patriarch of the Phoenix Race, the Phoenix Vermillion Bird demigod, heard this, he even threw his head back and laughed. He was stunned by this funny joke and laughed and cursed,” Sir, you didn’t come to my Phoenix Race to tell a joke, right? ”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

If it weren’t for the fact that the black and white bear was a demigod, they would have long attacked together.

“You don’t believe me?” Shi Yu’s expression was still very calm. He closed his eyes slightly and opened them!

Boom!!

As Shi Yu opened his eyes, his eyes turned emerald green.

The air around him began to hum and vibrate. The almost corporeal mental fluctuations formed green ripples around him.

In the next moment, Shi Yu’s Psychic Eye spun. A strong aura bloomed from his body, and with him as the center, it quickly formed a domain that enveloped the world.

In the domain, the phantom of a huge tree that was infinitely tall emitted a faint golden light. It stood behind Shi Yu, revealing a miracle.

In the mind domain, the World Tree Domain changed the form of the World Tree!

After undergoing the strengthened Blessing of the World Tree, because Shi Yu had the mind domain and had eaten the World Tree Fruit, he had another ability that other Blessers didn’t have, which was to reveal the will of the World Tree.

Although it also consumed a lot of physical strength and didn’t have any battle enhancement effect, Shi Yu felt that sometimes, this ability was not bad. It was equivalent to an identity verification.

As the envoy of the World Tree, Yun An and the Abyss Demon Frog could ignore him, but he, a native life form of Blue Planet, couldn’t ignore it, right?

The phantom of the huge world tree that reached the sky was filled with a golden light. The light from the sky made Shi Yu even more dazzling, emitting an aura that was not inferior to totems, like the Juggernaut of the world.

Endless light fell like a meteor shower and landed on Shi Yu’s body, as well as the pet bodies beside Shi Yu.

The power of the world in all directions submitted to Shi Yu, producing a huge affinity. Shi Yu glanced at it and moved. At this moment, it was as if he could obtain the favor of Blue Planet. Many totem phoenixes, at their level, could see with their own eyes that the endless power of the world acted coquettishly beside Shi Yu as if they had seen their father. Shi Yu, this human, seemed to be able to casually touch the laws of this world!

How could this be… Many Phoenixes were shocked. What was this?

Boom!

Under the shocked expressions of the Phoenixes, the ginseng baby beside Shi Yu’s feet yawned and also opened its green eyes. A World Tree Fruit condensed on the tip of its finger. First, it activated the favor of the quasi-divine skill world, then the World Tree Fruit. Similarly, the power that represented the Resistance of the World Tree spread on its body!

“Quasi-divine skill!”

The Phoenix Vermillion Bird demigod and the Phoenixes were immediately shocked. Wasn’t that a ginseng baby? A trash supplement that the Phoenix couldn’t even be bothered to eat. However, how could a ginseng baby master a quasi-divine skill? Moreover, this quasi-divine skill… could actually mobilize the power of the entire world!

“Isn’t that the World Tree Fruit!!” The Phoenix Vermillion Bird demigod was shocked and saw the fruit created by Baby Ginseng.

Perhaps the other races didn’t know, but in the Phoenix Race, because it originated from the Mythical Era like the dragons, it had a long history and had records of some rare resources. Among them, the fruit of the World Tree was one of them.

“Is this enough to verify my identity?” Under the blessing of the World Tree, Shi Yu said, “This is the authentication the World Tree gave me. Seeing me is like seeing her.”

“Apart from that, my ginseng baby has also received the blessings of the World Tree. It can be considered to have completed its evolution under the love of the World Tree and inherited the power of the World Tree.”

“If this isn’t enough and you still can’t trust me.” Shi Yu knocked his forehead helplessly. Beside it, Eleven took a step forward and revealed the might of a demigod. The quasi-divine skill entered a ready state and triggered the sound of laws!

Buzz!!

Black and white colors lingered around it. In an instant, two sounds of laws vibrated and resounded through the sky. It was extremely shocking, making the eleven totem phoenixes feel an incomparably strong bloodline suppression and widen their eyes.

Apart from that, this wasn’t the end. The wind of luck lingered around Ling, who had turned into a battleship. The sound of laws was triggered again, three sounds of laws!

Chi Tong, who was in the form of an energy-efficient loli Sword Maiden, stretched out its finger slightly. Four small swords lingered on its fingertip, and the four sounds of laws were triggered!

“Roar!!!” “Quack!!!” Little Ji and Duckie took a step forward. The Cataclysm and the Heart of the Abyss were directly released!!

It was like the sound of laws of an earthquake and a heartbeat!

Five, six… The sound of laws rose crazily and intertwined, almost collapsing the Void, making the world dark. It was filled with the low whispers of gods and demons, making the Phoenix Race Patriarch sweat profusely and extremely shocked.

The other totem Phoenixes didn’t even fight. Under the collective aura of Shi Yu, their bodies were so weak that they couldn’t move. They were completely stunned.

How was this possible!! They suspected that they were dreaming!!!

“Retract.” Then, it was such a terrifying scene. Under Shi Yu’s command, the pets collectively retracted. Shi Yu said, “This way, can you believe my identity?”

“Don’t tell me you think that apart from the envoys of the World Tree and the humans chosen by the gods, there are other humans who can nurture so many terrifying pets and obtain the certification of the world’s will?”

“Alright, my patience has reached its limit,” Shi Yu said.