Chapter 1211 - 1211 When Baby Ginseng Eats The Undying Fruit (2)

1211 When Baby Ginseng Eats the Undying Fruit (2)

“Don’t worry, there’s no conflict that can’t be mediated. As long as everything’s is in place…” Shi Yu said.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The empress: “Huh?”

“As long as your emotions are sincere and your attitude is sincere, anything is possible.”

“Actually, Mother is right,” Shi Yu said.

The empress’s face darkened. Why did he call her mother more smoothly than her? Was this a Mother Hunter Beast Tamer?

“Do you know why the Mythical Era ended?” Shi Yu smiled.

“Do you know the origin of humans and what mission they shoulder?”

Shi Yu smiled. At this place, he explained to the empress the reason for the end of the Mythical Era. He told her about the reason why Goddess Wa brought back the Human Seed and wanted the World Tree to nurture humans. He also told her about the time of the future Mythical Revival.

Shocking secrets made Empress Huang Xi open her mouth slightly in disbelief. She had forgotten her original goal in coming here.

“Therefore, humans are indeed a special race. Researching hybrids with humans might really be able to develop a path to become a god or even surpass the divine level. After all, we humans are a special race recognized by even supreme gods,” Shi Yu said.

“It’s very likely that it originated from a higher civilization in the depths of the universe.”

“What exactly are you…” The empress wanted to ask who Shi Yu was and why he knew so many unimaginable things.

However, in the next moment, he was interrupted by Shi Yu. Shi Yu continued, “Therefore, the Vermillion Bird Demigod of Phoenix Island can choose not to give face to your sister, but it has to give face to the world’s will, right?”

“To put it bluntly, the clan rules were only set by the ancestor of the Phoenix Race, but even the ancestor of the Phoenix Race is only a life born on Blue Planet.”

“On a larger scale, Blue Planet’s mother is the greatest… It’s not too much to change the rules of the Phoenix Race, right? Phoenixes are dead, but the rules of the race are alive.”

The empress: “?”

She looked stunned. She kept feeling that something was wrong.

However, why did Shi Yu call Blue Planet Mom… They seemed to be very familiar with each other. Moreover, was it really alright for him to call her by that combination name?

She raised her head slightly. The Blue Planet’s Will was called Heaven in ancient times.

She was very afraid that a heavenly tribulation would strike down and kill Shi Yu…

“Stop looking. The Blue Planet’s Will is sleeping.”

“Let’s go. I’ll go to Phoenix Island myself. You stay here and deal with the mess here first,” Shi Yu said.

With that said, Shi Yu slipped away, mainly because he couldn’t wait to let Baby Ginseng eat the Undying Fruit to see the effect.

Of course, although Shi Yu had left, Chi Tong stayed behind to see if there was anything it could help with.

Seeing that Shi Yu left without any reluctance, leaving Chi Tong behind, the empress was speechless. She looked at this “sister”.

“So… why exactly are you helping me?” The empress looked at Sword Maiden Chi Tong and felt a headache.

[Call me sister,] Chi Tong said.

The empress was stunned and said with difficulty, “Alright, Sister, can you tell me now?”

Chi Tong: “Guess for yourself.”

The empress: “?”

Chi Tong raised its chin. Even Emperor Wu could tell, but it couldn’t? No, stupid sister, guess for yourself!

…

In the Blue Sea Ruins.

Shi Yu and the others jogged back.

At this moment, he had obtained another pile of resources. For Shi Yu, training pets was the most important thing. For Eleven and the others, the most important thing was to eat after the battle.

The half-god of the Divine Phoenix was simply too difficult to hammer. The difficulty was even higher than Yun An. Not only did it eat the Undying Fruit, but it also had a transcendent-level Bathing Flame Rebirth. Eleven and the others spent a lot of effort.

“Wuuu!” Eleven ran to nibble on the metal.

“Wuu ka ka ka.” Buggy nibbled on the spiritual fruit.

“Ning.” Susu looked at them speechlessly and turned into a quiet beautiful girl. It continued to devour the power of the ocean in big mouthfuls, saving Shi Yu a lot of effort.

At this moment, Shi Yu weighed the Undying Fruit and looked at Baby Ginseng. He asked Ling, “After this thing eats it, will it immediately break through?”

Ling said, “No, the Undying Fruit isn’t a strengthening-type divine-level resource. However, Baby Ginseng is on the verge of breaking through after all. When eating it, it still needs it to suppress the increase in soul power and transform it into potential. Fortunately, its soul power isn’t its outstanding point. It’s fine to use it now.”

“Baby Ginseng, did you hear that?” Shi Yu said.

“Yi wu wu wu!” Baby Ginseng nodded.

It wasn’t a big deal, a token.

Its Green Wood Divine Body had the effect of a mutation. It had a super mutation physique. Coupled with the control of the plant, it was not a problem to perfectly absorb a divine-level fruit!

“Alright, alright, come on then.” Shi Yu threw the Undying Fruit to Baby Ginseng. Baby Ginseng didn’t say a word. It enlarged its mouth and ate the Undying Fruit in one bite.

In the next second, in order to better absorb the power of the Undying Fruit, Baby Ginseng returned to its normal state from the form of a big white radish to the form of a huge tree.

A huge cream-colored trunk, emerald green leaves, moon-like golden branches, sun-like fiery red flowers, fruits that looked like ginseng babies, decorated this complete divine tree.

A gray soul halo lingered on the entire divine tree, and the entire huge tree began to slowly change.

Apart from the nature of reviving dead lives into undead, the Undying Fruit also had the nature of strengthening soul power. These two processes were both modifications to the body.