Chapter 1218 - 1218 Demigod-Level Vermillion Bird Sword Maiden (2)

1218 Demigod-level Vermillion Bird Sword Maiden (2)

However, a metal-element life form countered by fire could actually hold a fire faith skill?

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The Phoenix Patriarch couldn’t understand. Even if this Vermillion Bird Divine Fire only fused a trace of faith power to avoid wasting the power of faith, even the most basic Vermillion Bird Divine Fire could easily kill a totem.

At this moment, it was actually being played with by a metal-element creature?

“It has loved to play with fire since it was young. Its Exort Resistance is pretty good,” Shi Yu said.

Accompanied by Chi Tong, Shi Yu took a few steps forward and turned into a red-haired Chi Tong. He took the Vermillion Bird Feather that had its faith extinguished.

[Recording successful].

Shi Yu directly replicated the Vermillion Bird Divine Fire Skill.

No matter what kind of coincidence it was, it was his in the next second.

Many Phoenixes looked at Shi Yu, who was holding the Vermillion Bird Feather, in disbelief.

“Then, let’s try to break through and evolve first. It won’t be long before we return.”

“Please wait patiently.”

The red-haired and red-eyed Shi Yu smiled. Right on the heels of that, the entire sky darkened.

As a Green Silkworm on the battleship leaped up and jumped into the sky, with a boom, starlight flickered.

“Roar!!!”

In the dragon roar and green-gold light, its huge body was displayed.

Under the starry sky, the Green Dragon Faith God that looked like a dragon with two golden horns on its head and was covered in green scales descended directly. Its eyes and tail seemed to be burning with the fire of golden Spirit faith.

The group of Phoenix Race members was shocked again. Just now, Shi Yu’s group of pets had displayed quasi-divine skills. It was extremely spectacular, but among them, the Green Silkworm and the Water Slime were only watching from the side.

They were originally curious about who these two were. At this moment, as the Phoenix Race Patriarch spoke in disbelief, all the Phoenixes were stunned and understood its identity.

“Green Dragon…” The Phoenix Race Patriarch said in disbelief. She sensed the vast power of faith from Buggy, who was also an evolver of the Four Saints. In terms of faith, the other party… might have evolved even further than her!

The Phoenixes saw Shi Yu and a bunch of pets boarding the Green Dragon from the battleship. The huge battleship also turned into a Rubik’s Cube and landed on Shi Yu.

Their goal was the starry sky.

He was going to the starry sky to evolve and break through.

Boom!

Its dragon body swayed, and Buggy looked at the starry sky. Its entire body was quickly wrapped in golden light as it rushed out of Blue Planet.

“Patriarch…” Many Phoenix Race members looked at the Vermillion Bird demigod.

The Phoenix Race Patriarch was silent, sensing Shi Yu’s horror again. This World Tree Envoy was simply a monster. Every contracted creature under him was extremely ridiculous.

Was it true that humans were the supreme race brought back by a top-notch god from the starry sky? It looked at the starry sky. In the end, the Phoenix Vermillion Bird wings spread out and let out a long cry before flying into the starry sky too.

“I’ll go take a look.”

….

As Buggy flew into the starry sky, Shi Yu planned the subsequent breakthrough evolution.

At the moment, although Shi Yu had replicated the Vermillion Bird Divine Fire, he couldn’t teach it to Chi Tong yet. The Skill compatibility wasn’t enough.

The current Chi Tong wasn’t a god of faith in the starry sky yet. It couldn’t learn faith skills at all.

However, Shi Yu believed that it would be done soon.

Wait a minute, after arriving at the starry sky, let Chi Tong turn some of the undead imprisoned in the undead space into nutrients to break through and grow first through the “Spirit Release Skill”. It could easily break through to the totem level.

Right on the heels of that, after reaching the totem level, Chi Tong had the ability to “optimize its bloodline race”.

At that time, even without using evolution skills, the totem creatures could perfect their race and evolve themselves.

Of course, for ordinary totems, this process was extremely long…

If totem-level life forms were regarded as students and evolution as a research topic, then it was rare for one in a million students to study this research topic thoroughly.

There was a difference in the learning ability of every life form. Just like giving a knowledge domain, no matter how hard one studied, they couldn’t get started. Some people could easily study a domain to the extreme and create a new domain. The difference between a genius and a mortal spirit would increase after the totem level.

Chi Tong’s aptitude was clearly already considered a little genius. In addition to the cheat, the World Tree Fruit, it should be able to progress very smoothly on the path of totem-level self-optimization of its race.

Although it was more difficult to evolve into a Vermillion Bird, Shi Yu wasn’t the only cheat that could assist it.

There was also Buggy’s Four Holy Clones that could assist it in mobilizing the power of faith of the Vermillion Bird to perfect its race. There was also Ling’s Blessing Wind. It could increase Chi Tong’s luck and let it find a shortcut to evolution as soon as possible. With so much help, it ensured that Chi Tong could complete its evolution like the Phoenix Clan Leader.

Could it be that these things couldn’t compare to the opportunity of the Phoenix Race’s patriarch?

Moreover, there was no need for perfect evolution.

After slightly optimizing its bloodline, Chi Tong could increase its compatibility with the Vermillion Bird Divine Fire. At that time, through Shi Yu’s additional points, it could absorb the skill EXP of the Vermillion Bird Divine Fire. It shouldn’t be a problem for its clone to evolve into a Vermillion Bird.

Perhaps it could even stand on the shoulder of the Phoenix Race’s patriarch and walk further than it.

In the incomparably vast starry sky, in the vast universe where the sun could be seen at a glance, the Green Dragon brought Shi Yu and the others up and left the restraints of Blue Planet.