Chapter 1220 - 1220 Demigod-Level Vermillion Bird Sword Maiden (4)

1220 Demigod-level Vermillion Bird Sword Maiden (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“How is it?” Ling asked beside Shi Yu.

On the green dragon, Shi Yu, who had red hair and red eyes and was still in the possession state of the Sword Spirit clone, chuckled and said, “It’s even smoother than your deduction.”

“In just an instant, the Vermillion Bird Divine Fire is in a teachable state.”

Ling: “Great, this way, we might be able to walk an evolution path more perfect than the Phoenix Race’s patriarch.”

“Yeah.” Shi Yu stretched out his palm and faced Chi Tong from afar. He entered a mental resonance state and closed his eyes slightly. Then, right on the heels of that, he seemed to have entered a dark world. In this world, only he and Chi Tong were back to back, sticking closely to each other.

As he was in the state of clone possession and mental resonance, Shi Yu directly added points from afar and imparted the skill EXP of the Vermillion Bird Divine Fire to Chi Tong in the optimization race.

In the next moment, scarlet light also lingered on Shi Yu’s body. In the distance, the Fire of Spirit Faith ignited in Chi Tong’s mind. With a boom, an even stronger light bloomed from her body. The sun phantom was even larger and more dazzling, covering everything about them.

During this process, the Phoenix Race’s patriarch sensed the gradually growing power of its sister’s mixed-blood daughter in confusion the whole time. It felt that it was getting closer and closer to the orthodox Vermillion Bird.

In fact… it would soon surpass him.

“Jiu!!!!!!”

The Vermillion Bird Divine Fire that filled the sky lingered in the sun phantom. A Vermillion Bird seemed to have really been slowly born inside, shocking the Phoenix Clan Leader’s jaw.

That was… its Vermillion Bird Divine Fire? Why…

It had only been a few minutes since they flew into the starry sky. In these few minutes, a life form directly completed its evolution towards the Vermillion Bird and completed the path it successfully walked under countless opportunities. This… it couldn’t accept!

Finally, the gathering of the power of faith and the Vermillion Bird Divine Fire perfected the last body of the Vermillion Bird Constellation.

Accompanied by a sparrow cry that resounded through the starry sky, its body completely formed under the red evolution light.

The Phoenix derived the power of the Vermillion Bird, and the red starlight that filled the sky turned into a parasol tree. The Vermillion Bird that came out of the morning sun spread its wings and flew from its habitat state. Its body was covered in the Vermillion Bird Divine Fire and finally burned. Its vigorous life force was as vast as the sun. It was in the form of a divine bird completely made of fire. It was wearing a golden Fire Feather coat, like an Elemental life form, like a divine transformation of fire.

It flew out of the hot sun. On its body stood a woman with red hair draped over her shoulders and agile eyes. She was also wearing a Fire Feather Shirt. It was Chi Tong.

At this moment, Shi Yu was very excited. It was completed. Her main body maintained the form of a Sword Maiden. With the Four Immortal Slaying Swords in hand, she transformed into the evolved Vermillion Bird form and formed the super-divine mode of the Vermillion Bird Sword Maiden!!

This wave was invincible!

“Ling, record the analysis Skill.” At this moment, although Shi Yu was immersed in Chi Tong’s evolution, he didn’t forget to share the information with Ling.

In this evolution, Chi Tong had learned a total of three Skills.

Shi Yu felt that it was simply ridiculous. After all, Buggy had only awakened two faith skills when it evolved through the Green Dragon Domain.

Of course, one of them was replicated by Chi Tong.

The first was that the Vermillion Bird Divine Fire had successfully turned into a racial skill during Chi Tong’s evolution.

The second was an undead skill.

< Name > Soul Guiding

[Attributes]: Undead

[Level]: Super

< Introduction > Consuming the power of faith can allow the believer’s soul to not be destroyed after death and undergo soul reincarnation!

Shi Yu didn’t know how to evaluate this skill. There were actually very few lives with reincarnation abilities, and Chi Tong’s ridiculous thing was that its faith skill could allow believers to reincarnate.

Buggy’s Green Dragon Indestructible Body only used the power of faith to reincarnate and revive itself.

“In the pre-Qin era, the Vermillion Bird was thought to be able to guide the souls of the dead to rise in the sky and was related to the soul. Could it be that Chi Tong’s spiritual body form happened to match some requests?”

The third Skill…

< Name > Sun True Body

[Stats]: Exort

[Level]: Super

< Introduction > It can burn the power of faith and turn itself into a sun, burning everything, reflecting the starry sky and burning stars.

And the skill that Shi Yu felt was the most ridiculous was still the third. This should be the Vermillion Bird Faith Skill awakened by Chi Tong by combining its race and the power of faith.

It should be considered a high-level faith skill of the Vermillion Bird Divine Fire. The Vermillion Bird Divine Fire was only the combination of Normal Fire and the power of faith, but the Sun True Body was the combination of the Sun God Exort and the power of faith. Its power was even stronger.

It was a faith Skill that could destroy stars when trained to the extreme. Just like the Dragon Star Group, it could directly Devour a planet into the sun.

At this moment, Chi Tong’s attributes were quite perfect. Not only did its main body master the quasi-divine sword skill, but its clone also mastered three faith skills. The combination of the two made its energy level increase steadily to 3.53 billion.

It had already exceeded Eleven, who had just broken through, but after the current Eleven swallowed Yun An and ate a pile of resources, its normal energy level had long been even more ridiculous. Chi Tong had yet to completely catch up.

“Chi Tong!” In the starry sky, Shi Yu condensed his mental strength and shouted. Chi Tong, who was opposite him, directly absorbed the Vermillion Bird clone into its body, like a Nine Heavens Goddess who had descended from the starry sky, leaning towards Shi Yu and the others.

She smiled.

Chi Tong felt that it might be able to keep defending the championship in the team!

Susu and Ling definitely couldn’t defeat her.

“Wuu!!!” Eleven and the others sensed Chi Tong’s current state and were indeed shocked and envious. They felt that even if Chi Tong didn’t possess Shi Yu, it could still pose a strong threat to them.