Chapter 1222 - 1222 Demigod-Level Vermillion Bird Sword Maiden (6)

1222 Demigod-level Vermillion Bird Sword Maiden (6)

“Uh…” Shi Yu and Chi Tong, who had possessed him, also revealed confused expressions. What was going on?

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Patriarch, this should be a normal reaction, right? A part of the rejection? Is there still a battle test?”

“Test my ass!” The Phoenix Clan Leader was shocked. This was the first time the ruins had such a reaction after their ancestor brought it back!

At this moment, the Light Phoenix in the air was like a god. The Phoenix patriarch judged that it was very likely to be the ancestor who left Blue Planet in the Mythical Era and brought back super-divine resources.

At this moment, this Phoenix Race ancestor seemed to have just woken up and was very tired. Shi Yu and the others could sense that this phantom was no longer its real body, but a fixed program similar to illusions, mental bodies, and ruins spirits!!

In fact, because it had been too long, even the consciousness to think on its own had already disappeared. It was completely like an order.

“I’m finally seeing you again, Lord Blue Planet.”

The moment the Phoenix Race god spoke, it shocked the Phoenix Race’s patriarch.

“You might not be Lord Blue Planet, but you should be a member of the Phoenix Race with a deep relationship with Lord Blue Planet.”

“No matter who you are, after obtaining this resource, please hand it to Lord Blue Planet.”

“Next, please listen to me.”

“After leaving Blue Planet, Lord Origin Phoenix led us to the depths of the starry sky. During the long voyage, many gods sacrificed themselves, but in the end, we still successfully arrived at another civilization.”

Shi Yu and the others were suddenly stunned as they listened to the other party seriously.

Then, what made Shi Yu and the others’ expressions change was that this phantom was like a stutter. Its voice was blurry and it couldn’t let out normal voices.

“#@¥%@##@¥”.

After a pile of characters that Shi Yu and the others couldn’t understand, the thought body left behind by the Phoenix Divine Spirit finally spat out the words clearly again.

“This stone is the key to connecting Blue Planet to a cosmic civilization. Please decide if you want to use it after careful consideration, Lord Blue Planet.”

“Opening it might bring new life to Blue Planet, but it might also completely destroy Blue Planet.”

“Its use is equivalent to a ruin key. It can allow the user to open a door. No matter where they are, they can directly enter another super planet. It can be seen as an interstellar Teleportation tool. Not only can it teleport over, but it can also teleport back.”

“This super planet is a very special neutral planet in the universe. In terms of level, it exceeds you, Lord Blue Planet, by two growth levels. On it live the myriad races of the starry sky. Be it the cosmic Behemoth, the cosmic worm, or the human race, they’re only members of the myriad races of the starry sky. Their civilization level has to a certain extent already exceeded Blue Planet, which is located in a remote star area.”

“In short, through this key stone, we can let Blue Planet and the cosmic civilization intersect. Before the two parties come into contact, we will try our best to increase the status of Blue Planet Races in the universe…”

“Its opening method… 2#%¥@#% #¥%.”

Bang!

This phantom was like an old and broken machine. As it spoke, it directly shattered.

Shi Yu and the Phoenix Race Patriarch: ???

“F*ck.” Shi Yu directly cursed. Finish f*cking speaking. After saying that, then it could be scrapped!!

The Phoenix phantom was completely destroyed, but the suppression of the ruins space did not completely disappear. The Phoenix Patriarch was still rejected by the ruins, but Shi Yu could still advance easily until he picked up the so-called key stone in confusion.

After the words just now, Shi Yu was stunned. The Phoenix Race said that cracking this ruin required divine-level battle power. Therefore, before he entered, he let Chi Tong break through first.

In the end, what he wanted was not divine-level battle power, but Blue Planet’s direct descendant identity??

“You… This thing is indeed as you said. It’s very important to Blue Planet.” At this moment, when he heard that the phantom of the Phoenix Divine Spirit had confirmed Shi Yu’s identity, the Phoenix Patriarch, who originally trusted Shi Yu 99%, could be said to have directly reached 100% trust.

It hit the jackpot.

Shi Yu’s pile of Poofs had been verified.

Shi Yu held the key stone in silence.

A Teleportation Device to another super planet in the universe??? Are you serious??