Chapter 1224 - 1224 Space Emperor And Evolution Legendary (2)

1224 Space Emperor and Evolution Legendary (2)

Even if the empress wanted to incorporate the Eastern humans, she would need to work hard for a long time.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Now, a well-known enemy of the Phoenix Empire was the Phoenix Race of Phoenix Island. Although ordinary people didn’t know about the small-scale conflict between the Phoenix Empire and Phoenix Island, the human experts and totem creatures in the east knew very well.

Before the empress displayed strength comparable to the Phoenix Race, not many people were willing to join a country with huge war hidden dangers.

In the Phoenix Palace, Empress Huang Xi looked into the distance in silence. She had always been very worried about Shi Yu going to Phoenix Island. Previously, when the dual sun phenomenon appeared in the sky, she suspected that something had happened to Phoenix Island.

“Sister Empress!” Just as the empress’s thoughts were heavy, a voice entered her ears, making her face darken. However, at the same time, she was delighted. She looked at the sky. This voice appeared in her heart and belonged to telepathy.

A moment later, the empress rose into the sky and looked at Shi Yu and the others sitting on the cloud, as well as a pile of round Shi Yu pets. “You guys…”

She looked stunned.

Wait a minute, what was going on with them?

She looked at Shi Yu, Eleven, the big worm, and the others who had become fatter. She suspected that Shi Yu had gone to roast and eat all the Phoenixes of the Phoenix Race.

“This is for you.” Shi Yu threw out a bottle that contained a drop of water. Shi Yu said, “I’ve already negotiated with the Phoenix Race. From today onwards, the Phoenix Race is an ally of the Dong Huang Human Race.”

“This is the entire process of me talking to them. digest it and wait for the Phoenix Race to visit.”

“As for me, I might have to leave. I might return, or I might not return.”

“What?” When Shi Yu finished speaking, the empress was in disbelief. The Phoenix Race… was resolved just like that??

At the same time, Shi Yu’s other words instantly made the empress very concerned.

“Leave? You won’t come back. What do you mean?”

“The literal meaning is that you should understand after digesting these memories. If you don’t return, it means that we’ve gone to explore a higher realm.” Shi Yu smiled.

Shi Yu believed that without the threat of the Phoenix Race, as a hybrid Legendary, it wasn’t impossible for the empress to live until the Mythical Revival a thousand years later.

With the empress presiding over Dong Huang in this space and time, he was relieved…

In the next moment, the empress received Shi Yu’s memories as a World Tree Envoy and memories of the Phoenix Race’s super-divine ruins. She knew what Shi Yu’s “identity” and the super-divine resources of the Phoenix Race were.

Just like the Phoenix Race Patriarch, she was extremely shocked.

Shi Yu also left and began to digest his gains in this space and time.

After a long time…

The empress looked at Shi Yu and the others’ disappearing backs. In the end, she returned to the Phoenix Palace in silence and waited for the Phoenix Race to arrive.

For a period of time, Shi Yu secretly paid attention to the entire process of the empress dynasty and the Phoenix Race successfully establishing diplomatic relations. When the spatial rejection reached the maximum, they were teleported back to the original space and time by the awakened Qi.

However, after leaving, Shi Yu kept feeling that he had forgotten something.

Only when he saw the pair of Golden-Winged Roc wings in the ruins did Shi Yu remember that there were still three Legendary resources that he had yet to ask the Garuda Empire for!

“What a big loss!”

On the ocean, Shi Yu, who was rushing back to Dong Huang, let out a heart-wrenching cry.

“Ling, why didn’t you remind me?”

Ling: “After eating so many Legendary resources in the Phoenix Race… haven’t you eaten enough?”

“No matter how small a mosquito is, it’s still meat.”

Ling: “It’s indeed my mistake. Looks like there’s still a bug in intelligence. It might have to be raised to transcendent to be able to calculate everything.”

“The next one to break through to the demigod level can be me.”

Shi Yu waved his hand and said with a dark expression, “Stop tricking me. Next… let Buggy do it. If there’s no special situation like the Phoenix Race Ruins, our breakthrough order will be according to the order of entry into the team.”

“Don’t fight between any of you. It’s fair.”

Chi Tong was an accident this time. It was definitely not because of the treatment of a biological daughter.

“Ji?”

As Shi Yu finished speaking, on the cloud, Buggy cried and crawled out of the cotton cloud. Look, what did it hear!!

This was the most humane thing it had heard from Shi Yu this year.

“Ji!!!” Buggy pounced on Shi Yu with tears streaming down its face. Beast Tamer!! Love you!!

“Alright!!” Ling said helplessly, “This is also good. We can strengthen the spatial strength in advance.”

“Alright, let me see the message first,” Shi Yu said.

It had been a few days since Shi Yu and the others transmigrated. All kinds of information had been stored.

Among them, there was a pile of trash information.

For example, Teacher Owl had gotten to know a few beautiful dragons, beautiful butterflies, and beautiful moths, wanting to introduce them to Buggy.

It was obvious that he had ill intentions and wanted to manually promote the success of the prophecy.

Shi Yu decisively deleted it…

Buggy didn’t need love!

He had to let the owl predict one wrong prophecy.

The prophecy was all correct. Shi Yu was afraid that it would become arrogant.

However, when he saw the owl, Shi Yu suddenly wanted to change direction. “Let’s go to the capital first.”

“Ling, call Teacher Ying and let it come too.”

“We’ll use the dual divine skills to assist in premonition and let Teacher Owl predict the relevant information about the super-divine resource brought back.”

“With a physical medium, its prediction accuracy can also be higher.”

“Alright.” Ling nodded.