Chapter 1229 - 1229 Dragon Palace Rebellion (1)

1229 Dragon Palace Rebellion (1)

In the inner world of the Son of the Stars, Little Purple, there were three otherworldly islands in the Star Continent.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

It was called Turtle Island, Snake Island, and Cat Island.

Shi Yu’s three clones were trainers. They were respectively on the island, accompanying Turtle, Little Quas Snake, and Shorty to train their Resistance.

His main body was working overtime in the outside world. As he added points to Little Purple, he meditated and cultivated.

At the moment, the star world in Little Purple’s body was developing pretty well. Although Shi Yu didn’t understand in detail, he also knew that a monarch-level life form and several commander-level life forms had already been born inside.

As Little Purple broke through, the native lives of the Star Continent obtained many benefits.

However, what was more speechless was that high-level lives were all wild beasts. Not long after the cultivation era began in Little Zi’s body, the evolution speed of wild beasts began to far exceed that of humans.

Although humans could also cultivate the power of totems and strengthen themselves, the strongest at the moment had yet to exceed the transcendent level. Just like the humans on Blue Planet, compared to transcendent lives, their battle power was very weak. They just had some insignificant special abilities.

This made Shi Yu feel that there was something wrong with the laws of the universe. Why was it so targeted at humans? This was even the result of Little Zi taking extra care of humans.

Otherwise, humans would probably have long been destroyed by transcendent beasts.

Shi Yu also felt that this couldn’t continue, so he got Little Purple to change the cultivation system of humans. It was still that humans could sign a contract with transcendent lives. Moreover, the growth of transcendent lives could feedback to human Stats and accelerate human cultivation speed.

This way, the growth of the humans in the Star Continent might be smoother.

…

While Shi Yu was working overtime, Shi Yu’s other pets were not idle either.

In the second Beast Taming Space, Little Ji and Duckie gathered together and played Gomoku to determine the winner.

In the Beast Taming Space, there was not allowed to be too much commotion. As time passed, the martial arts battle could only become a literary battle.

In any case, it was equivalent to training their intelligence. Little Ji and Duckie felt that it wasn’t a waste of time.

This situation also happened on Team One’s side.

Ling was obsessed with research and Susu received inheritance. Chi Tong pulled Buggy to film a historical movie and let Qi comment as an audience. Baby Ginseng farmed, and Eleven slept…

It finally didn’t look that complicated. What everyone did basically had nothing to do with training, apart from Susu running away secretly and chasing after Chi Tong.

During this period, Shi Yu and Buggy’s [Time Traveler] account finally updated one after another.

For example, once “Emperor Wu Legendary” and “Empress Legendary” were released, they exploded on the Internet and finally lifted the veil of lost history.

“As expected of the strongest archeologist.”

Elder Gu of Bureau 11, who had explored the Mythical Ruins, sat in the garden with President Lin. As he drank tea, he watched the videos Shi Yu had updated.

At this moment, Gulao, who had lost contact with the outside world for six years, was already completely convinced. He knew that this newbie from Bureau 11 was extraordinary.

Although he still felt like he had left reality, with the truth in front of him, he had to admit that the current Shi Yu was the strongest archeologist, the strongest Legendary on Blue Planet…

“The ice dragon of the Emperor Shi Dynasty was awakened by him.”

“He resolved the great enemy of Emperor Wu Dynasty, Yun An.”

“It was also the one who dealt with the source of disaster left behind by the empress dynasty, the Undying Dark Phoenix.”

“Now, the connections of the five dynasties of Dong Huang can almost be pieced together.”

“I really didn’t expect that the strongest Beast Tamer today would actually be a new archeologist.” Gu Yun still sighed.

“Is this the so-called evolution era under the revival of laws? I really don’t know if more strange geniuses will appear in the future.”

“It’s probably very difficult,” President Lin said. “I feel that Shi Yu’s aptitude has already exceeded the restrictions of Blue Planet. Probably only the vast universe starry sky can find a genius who can compete with him.”

“For example, my great-grandfather, Lin Feng. Who would have thought that he had already broken through to the divine level and started to wander the starry sky of the universe?” President Lin Xiao smiled.

“I wonder how he will feel if he knows that Dong Huang has a Beast Tamer more talented than him.”

“Space Emperor, the confirmation of Lin Feng’s Legendary traces is indeed very shocking. However, can Teacher Owl’s premonition really be taken seriously?”

At this moment, President Lin had already learned Shi Yu’s premonition results from the Prediction Owl.

This outcome was undoubtedly shocking. However, considering the uncertainty of the premonition, everyone couldn’t be happy too early.

Elder Gu had this doubt. Of course, he looked forward to it being true more. This way, he might have a chance to see those Legendary ancients in the future.

“This is what we’re going to discuss in the next meeting,” President Lin said. He had already decided to hold the highest meeting to discuss the owl prophecy and study how to contact Lin Feng and the others.

If this premonition result was correct, then Dong Huang’s development of technology to explore the starry sky was undoubtedly the right path.

President Lin put down his teacup and was just about to get up when his expression suddenly changed.

He had just received the news.

Intense energy fluctuations continued to appear in the East Sea.

“Something happened in Dragon Palace City,” President Lin said. Beside him, Elder Gu was also shocked.

Dragon Palace City.

Although they were allies with Dong Huang, one was a totem faction, the other was a human faction, the other was far away in the Deep Sea Mystic Realm, and the other was on land. Apart from some important things, the connection wasn’t that close.