Chapter 1227 - 1227 Space (2)

1227 Space (2)

This person named Lin Feng had better talent than him. Unfortunately, Lin Feng had also lost the direction of Blue Planet like him.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Compared to the divine factions of the Mythical Era, the Space Emperor and Lin Feng had a deeper obsession with Blue Planet, no, or rather, Dong Huang. As they became stronger, they also searched for a way to return.

After their hard work, they indeed found a way. Even the gods of the Blue Planet’s Mythical Era had tried this method, but there was basically no result, so they left it at that.

In the universe, above the divine level was the super divine level, and above the super divine level was the cosmic level.

In the starry sky of the universe, there were a total of five cosmic life forms, four cosmic emperors, and a cosmic overlord.

Among the four cosmic emperors, one was a cosmic planetary life form. It was the only super planet in the universe. This planet could be said to be the most prosperous place in the universe.

Many cosmic races that could gallop through the universe had something similar to a ruin stone. It was equivalent to the coordinates of a spatial teleportation array. They could freely teleport to this planet or freely teleport back to their mother planet.

Back then, the Blue Planet gods who entered the universe had tried to send the rare Teleportation Stone back to their mother planet and build the connection between Blue Planet and the universe through this stone.

However, it was unknown if it had failed to return or if Blue Planet had given up on connecting to the universe. There was still no news of Blue Planet.

As the Teleportation Key Stone was also a very precious treasure, and the price of returning to Blue Planet was too high, the gods who left Blue Planet didn’t try many times.

In fact, the Space Emperor and Lin Feng didn’t know very well what these gods had done. After all, it had been too long. It was already very difficult to see the initial gods. They had all returned to dust and earth. Not many had lost their lives in pursuit of higher realms.

The starry sky of the universe was even more of a cruel battlefield.

Now, as the time for the revival of the Blue Planet’s laws approached, the Space Emperor and Lin Feng started the second return plan. They found the large races that walked out of Blue Planet and joined forces with them to find Blue Planet’s coordinates. They sent a team to send a new batch of Teleportation Key Stones to Blue Planet.

This time, the Blue Planet faction was very cooperative. Firstly, it was mainly the Space Emperor and Lin Feng who contributed.

The second was because Lin Feng had received the blessings of the World Tree and confirmed that the revival of the laws on Blue Planet was in the near future.

The factions of Blue Planet weren’t doing well in the universe either. If Blue Planet could recover to the foundation of the Mythical Era and connect to a cosmic civilization, take another step forward and become a high-level planet, as direct descendants of Blue Planet, they could also obtain more benefits.

Both parties hit it off and carried out a new contact mother planet plan together. They were already waiting for the arrival of the Blue Planet rookies on the cosmic planet, World King Planet.

Now, these factions from Blue Planet only hoped that the newbies from Blue Planet would have better talent and replenish their new blood.

They didn’t have high requirements either. They were already satisfied if their talent was comparable to the Space Emperor and Lin Feng, two humans who had walked out of Blue Planet. These Blue Planet factions could be said to be extremely surprised that Blue Planet had actually started to nurture humans.

Was it a human seed brought back by a god?…

Humans were also very special races in the starry sky of the universe. Although their ranking among the ten thousand races in the starry sky was not high, for some special reasons, the position of humans in the universe was irreplaceable.

All the races in the starry sky were basically related to humans. They grew together in a one-on-one equal contract. Even universe overlord who destroyed planets rarely destroyed human planets. Ordinary people didn’t know why.

…

Blue Planet…

After leaving the owl, Shi Yu returned to Ping Cheng to slack off and not let himself think too much.

It was useless to think too much. After all, he hadn’t even reached the maximum level of the current version of Blue Planet. He wasn’t qualified to explore the starry sky at all.

His own Beast Taming level was still one level away from level nine. Among his pets, only Eleven and Chi Tong had reached the demigod level. Susu was barely considered half.

Moreover, even Eleven and Chi Tong had yet to reach the pinnacle of the demigod level. After all, quasi-divine skills could still continue to add points. Only when the points were perfect could they be considered to have advanced to the divine level.

“Ling, I’ll leave it to you. There’s no hurry to study this thing. Just leave it to the clone to tinker with.”

After returning, Shi Yu threw the Teleportation Key Stone to Ling. Right on the heels of that, under the angry expression of Ling’s clone, he pulled Ling’s main body to see the situation of the three new pets.

Turtle, Little Quas Snake, and Dwarf Cat.

A candidate pet for the Black Tortoise and White Tiger cultivation plan.

Now that he had the Green Dragon and the Vermillion Bird, Shi Yu felt that it was time to put the other two on the agenda.

At the moment, after Shi Yu used the Legendary Ruins to seal Yun An, these three guys had all moved to Little Purple’s star world to train.

Little Purple was a planetary life form, the Son of the Stars. Now that it had reached the overlord level, it was completely no problem to put the commander-level Turtle, Little Quas, and transcendent-level short-legged cat into its inner world.

After the inner world reached perfect proficiency, it was basically no problem to put a life form that was also at the overlord level into the inner world.

Under Shi Yu’s additional points, Little Purple’s world upper limit had long been raised to the overlord level. Shi Yu could also enter.

At the moment, although Little Purple was only an overlord-level life form, the growth Effect in Little Purple’s inner world had already exceeded ordinary legendary ruins. The Son of the Stars Race could be said to be very awesome and exciting.