Chapter 1225 - 1225 Space Emperor And Evolution Legendary (3)

1225 Space Emperor and Evolution Legendary (3)

…

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Before he studied the Teleportation Key Stone, Shi Yu thought of letting the gem cat use the wishing divine skill. Ling would use the luck divine skill to assist the owl in predicting its information.

As long as there was a trace, it could save them a lot of research energy.

In the sky above the capital.

When Shi Yu and the others arrived at Imperial Capital University, they happened to meet the gem cat that Ling had shaken over.

The cat girl rubbed her temples and looked at Shi Yu and the others. “Why are you using my Skill again when you just returned? You’re busy.”

“What’s the matter this time?”

On the cloud, Shi Yu looked at the cat girl who had changed into a suit and said happily, “Teacher Ying, you’re wearing pretty formal clothes.”

The cat girl in the suit said calmly, “That’s true. I’m the sect master cat of the Gem Financial Group now… My super multinational corporation is about to officially operate. When I earn big money, you won’t have to worry about food and drink.”

Shi Yu’s face darkened. This guy was really doing this. Was he trying to snatch business from the Blue Planet Alliance?

The gem cat: “Hey, hey, hey, what kind of expression is that? This is also under the Blue Planet Alliance. It’s legal.”

Shi Yu said, “That’s good… Didn’t I go to the sunken Phoenix Island to do archeology according to the memories of the Undying Dark Phoenix?”

The gem cat nodded. Yes, yes, so?

“Then, I obtained some trinkets, but there was too little relevant information. I needed to rely on premonition ability to provide some clues.”

Shi Yu also decided to replicate Teacher Owl’s Future Prediction this time. It was too troublesome to keep looking for it to predict the future.

However, Shi Yu kept feeling that Teacher Owl’s Future Prediction was more accurate than normal Future Prediction.

Other premonition pets weren’t as fierce as it. Overlords could predict demigods.

If he predicted it himself, it might not necessarily have such an Effect.

Unfortunately, the owl didn’t react at all when it fed the owl the Reincarnation Fruit, making Shi Yu, who thought that it was the reincarnation of a god, give up on this guess.

Perhaps it was really just that Teacher Owl was talented and had gained enlightenment?

Otherwise, there were higher-level secrets hidden on it.

“Huh? You really gained something.” At this moment, the gem cat was slightly stunned. It felt surprised, but not that surprised. She sighed. Forget it, she should have known. The ruins that Shi Yu had targeted definitely had to be tested before he would stop.

“Yeah, let’s go.” Shi Yu smiled.

The territory of the Prediction Owl was still the capital, but at this moment, as its identity leveled up, it had already moved away from the Imperial Capital University. With its current totem level identity, it was already the national guardian. It was a little wasteful to predict this and that prophecy for its students.

It was directly assigned a mystic realm under the arrangements of the association. When Shi Yu and the others arrived, Teacher Owl had already come out enthusiastically to welcome them.

“Shi Yu!! Shi Yu!! Did you bring Brother Green Dragon Buggy for a blind date?” Grandma owl’s sharp voice was filled with joy. She was especially happy to see Shi Yu and the others arrive.

“Don’t even think about it. Buggy doesn’t need to date. Dating will only affect its speed of becoming stronger,” Shi Yu said.

“Come, help me predict an item.”

The owl’s expression turned bitter. “Wuu… Speaking of which, Shi Yu, your team won’t be single for the rest of their lives, right? You too…”

Shi Yu: “Aren’t you too?”

The owl : “…”

The gem cat girl said, “Hurry, hurry, hurry, old witch, predict it first. Hurry up. Time is money!”

“I know, I know. Come, come, come, what do you want to predict this time!” the Prediction Owl said.

Shi Yu and the others followed into the mystic realm. First, they gave the Prediction Owl a bunch of buffs. Then, Shi Yu threw out the key stone he had obtained from parallel space.

At this moment, as Shi Yu took out this special super gem, the gem cat girl’s eyes widened.

“This is…”

“It’s a trash stone. Don’t mind it…” Shi Yu said.

The gem cat girl: “Nonsense! You went to dig gems yourself behind my back again. Wu wu wu wu.”

“This, this can’t be the super-divine resource the Undying Dark Phoenix mentioned, right!”

“Didn’t it lose it with the empress and the others? Where did you find it!”

“You’re too ridiculous…”

“This thing…” The Prediction Owl had a serious expression. It could tell that this resource was extraordinary and that there were complicated traces of time flowing on its body.

It took a deep breath. It didn’t know if it could successfully predict the relevant information…

Shi Yu said, “I want to know if its usage method can help predict where the opportunity for us to obtain its usage method is in the future. If it really doesn’t work, any relevant information is fine.”

“I’ll give it a try…” the Prediction Owl said.

The hexagram in front of his chest glowed slightly. He looked at the key stone in front of him and closed his eyes…

Then, it spoke…

“Well, why does your prediction feel strange?”

“Superdivine-level resource… Damn it, I, the owl overlord, can predict demigods. Now that I’ve reached the totem level and with two divine skill buffs, I can definitely predict transcendent-level!”

“The heavens didn’t give birth to me, the owl…” The Prediction Owl encouraged itself as it predicted.

Shi Yu and the others looked at the owl solemnly. Then, the owl’s expression suddenly froze.

“This is…”

After being stunned, it right on the heels of shouting that it was impossible!

In the dark premonition scene, the Prediction Owl seemed to be racing. Its vision shuttled crazily, as if it had passed through the cosmic starry sky and arrived at another planet. At the same time, the energy on its body was also crazily consumed!!

In the end, it saw two figures.

These two figures were sometimes blurry and sometimes clear. The Prediction Owl saw a pile of similar rocks in front of them!!

The Prediction Owl believed in these two figures and definitely wasn’t wrong.

“Space Emperor, Lin Feng Legendary… How can it be them??”

It was the legendary emperor of Dong Huang, the Space Emperor, who had already disappeared in the starry sky of the universe, and the legendary Beast Tamer of Dong Huang, Lin Feng, who had also suddenly disappeared!

Moreover, the vast divine power on their bodies made the Prediction Owl feel that it far exceeded the Legendary, demigod, and even demigod-level reincarnation gods it had seen!

These two figures were not the past Space Emperor and Lin Feng, but the current or future Space Emperor and Lin Feng. The Prediction Owl was very certain.

It shouted in disbelief. At the same time, its feathers quickly withered, and its aura kept weakening, as if it had aged dozens of years. Its life aura disappeared very quickly, faster than any premonition in the past:

“Holy shit, the Space Emperor and Lin Feng are still alive and might have broken through to the divine level. They’re on another planet. They also have a stone like you!”