Chapter 1223 - 1223 Space Emperor And Evolution Legendary (1)

1223 Space Emperor and Evolution Legendary (1)

In the Phoenix Race ruins, Shi Yu, who was holding the key stone, looked at the Phoenix Race Patriarch.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

It meant, look!

I knew it. I have an official identity.

Moreover, this key stone was extremely important. It was left behind by the Phoenix Race’s ancestor for Blue Planet’s Great Resistance!

The lies were all made up!

Could it be that Ling was assisting again?

Shi Yu felt that he had made an impressive discovery in this archeology test.

The original space and time, this key stone, had undoubtedly been snatched away by the two unlucky things, the Phoenix Race Patriarch and the empress. Fortunately, he could transmigrate back to the ancient parallel space.

Otherwise, it would really be an unjust account.

“Lord Envoy…” The Phoenix Race Patriarch had mixed feelings.

“What a pity,” Shi Yu said. “The most important information was lost.”

“It’s been too long, but if I bring it back to repair Blue Planet’s Will, there might be a possibility of emergency treatment.”

The Phoenix Clan Leader: “I understand.”

Although this high and mighty Phoenix Race Patriarch also wanted to obtain the right to hold the key stone and take a look at a higher starry sky world, he also knew that this thing was not something it could grasp.

However, it believed that as long as it followed Blue Planet’s footsteps, it and the Phoenix Race would definitely benefit the most in the future.

After all, this thing was brought back by the Phoenix Race ancestor.

The Phoenix Race god was working hard in the universe. How could the Blue Planet’s Will mistreat the descendants of the Phoenix Race here?

At this moment, the Phoenix Race’s patriarch had already made up his mind to follow the world’s will well and develop steadily with Shi Yu.

“Next, I’ll take this key stone away.”

“In addition, prepare to head to Dong Huang to form an alliance with Princess Huang Xi.”

“I feel that the key to opening the interstellar passage might be on humans. Otherwise, why would Goddess Wa bring humans back?” Shi Yu continued to deceive Poof.

“I see.” The more the Phoenix Race Patriarch thought about it, the clearer it became. Her eyes lit up, and then her expression darkened. Unfortunately, her stupid sister had originally grabbed the right direction, but she went astray.

The next Phoenix Race couldn’t take the wrong path. They had to get along with the humans according to the will of the world…

“There’s one more thing.” Shi Yu returned to the starting point and exited the energy-consuming possession form. The sword spirit, Chi Tong, floated beside Shi Yu in the form of a sword.

Shi Yu said to the Phoenix Clan Leader with a weak expression, “In order to let you believe our identities just now, I consumed a lot of energy.”

“We came out in a hurry and didn’t bring much food…”

“Mi…” Chi Tong was also hungry. Was this the power of a demigod? It was too hungry!!

It now understood Foodie Eleven a little.

The Phoenix Race Patriarch was stunned. “Sorry, I actually forgot to entertain the envoy. I’ll get my clansmen to prepare food now. I’ll definitely let you return full.”

Shi Yu revealed a satisfied smile. This Phoenix was worth teaching.

…

The next pause made the Phoenix Race Patriarch’s heart bleed.

It wasn’t too much to say that the Phoenix Race of Phoenix Island was a huge faction comparable to Dragon Palace City.

Such a faction naturally had a huge amount of internal resources. Divine-level resources and Legendary-level resources were everything.

However, the Phoenix Race’s patriarch discovered that even so, they still couldn’t afford to entertain a god like Shi Yu!

“Patriarch, they’ve finished the new legendary food again.”

As the Phoenix Race prepared the gift to establish diplomatic relations with the empress, they served Shi Yu food. In a short period of time, the resource reserves quickly decreased.

“What, it’s finished again?!” The Phoenix Clan Leader was shocked.

A wood-element totem Phoenix cried and said, “Patriarch, that’s at least six creatures who have mastered quasi-divine skills. They can all be seen as demigods. Not to mention us, I’m afraid no faction can afford their appetite.”

“Fortunately, it’s just today’s meal. Next time… I can’t entertain them anymore. Otherwise, Phoenix Island will definitely be eaten up.”

The Phoenix Race Patriarch was silent and said, “I understand, but try your best to let them eat well…”

Logically speaking, with the gift of Blue Planet, the envoy of the World Tree shouldn’t have come to the Phoenix Race to freeload, right? No, it wasn’t to freeload. Perhaps it was purely because the Phoenix Race was too weak now and couldn’t afford to entertain the other party. The Phoenix Patriarch’s heart was depressed.

At the same time.

Shi Yu and the others, who were freeloading, completed this spatial travel perfectly.

Not only did he obtain the resources, but Chi Tong’s clone also completed the evolution of the Vermillion Bird and changed the history of the Phoenix Race and the empress dynasty perishing together in the future. It could be said that it could return perfectly.

However, the archeological results this time made Shi Yu very conflicted.

The key stone that connected to another super planet… If that super planet was regarded as a large ruins space, then this, like the ruins prop, was a login device.

However… it was different from ordinary ruins props. Ordinary methods couldn’t activate it at all.

The usage method was lost…

Forget it, even if he didn’t lose it, Shi Yu didn’t dare to try it easily. What if this thing broke over time?

What if it couldn’t return after the Teleportation? Even if that Phoenix said that it could teleport back and forth, it was still a huge pit for people who didn’t master the usage method.

Shi Yu decided to take it back and study it first.

…

Phoenix Empire.

After Empress Huang Xi succeeded the throne, she had been using lightning methods to gather the power of the Empire. However, in the short term, it was still unlikely for the Phoenix Empire to change its name to the Dong Huang Dynasty and become the Human Empire. After all, the Empire was troubled internally and externally now, and there were many things to deal with.