Chapter 1221 - 1221 Demigod-Level Vermillion Bird Sword Maiden (5)

1221 Demigod-level Vermillion Bird Sword Maiden (5)

“Roar!!!” Seeing Chi Tong’s perfect state, Buggy couldn’t help but want to break through too. After it broke through, the Dragon of Imagination could let it evolve again. This time, Chi Tong had a quasi-divine skill to evolve into a faith skill, while Buggy hoped that it had a faith skill to evolve into a quasi-divine skill. This way, it wouldn’t fall behind its teammates too much.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

It cried to death. It had said that the one who evolved first would definitely fall behind the version.

Back then, it was so glorious for it to evolve into a green dragon. In the end, Chi Tong had already evolved twice in a row. One was the evolution of a god, and the other was the evolution of faith. It… was still waiting in line.

“Mi.” When Sword Maiden Chi Tong flew over, it gradually turned into the form of a sword spirit and turned into a fiery red longsword that landed in Shi Yu’s hand.

Then, both parties entered a complete possession state, and their auras were even more terrifying. Shi Yu was like a fire god that had walked out of the starry sky as he looked at the Phoenix Patriarch who had followed outside Blue Planet.

Under the fiery red flames, Shi Yu’s Chi Tong was as dazzling as the sun.

“Patriarch, can you take us to crack the ruins now?”

“This power should be enough, right?”

Chi Tong, who was at the demigod level, possessed Shi Yu, who had eaten world, immortal, and eternal resources. At this moment, Shi Yu felt that he could defeat the Phoenix Patriarch, who the peak empress had used all her might to defeat, in a “one-on-one”.

There was definitely no problem.

“You guys…” The Phoenix Race Patriarch had a shocked expression. She felt a huge pressure from Shi Yu and the others.

How could this be… Could it be that they had really become gods?!!

….

Phoenix Race, Super God Ruins.

The Phoenix Race’s patriarch, Shi Yu, returned from the starry sky. Under the Phoenix Race’s patriarch’s lead, Shi Yu entered the meteorite-like starry sky ruins in the red universe.

Upon seeing the ruins, Shi Yu suddenly recalled that although the demigod of the Phoenix Race couldn’t crack the ruins either, he had moved the entire ruin back from the universe…

The ruins were dead. If there were no living creatures inside, even if he couldn’t crack it, he might be able to move the ruins back to the original space and time first. There was still time in the future?

“This is the place.” After leading Shi Yu into the super ruins, Shi Yu and the others seemed to have entered a petrified world.

The entire world was gray. There was nothing on the petrified ground and the petrified sky. There was only a stone pillar standing in the center of the ruins. On the stone pillar was a spherical gem quietly.

It was like a glass bead. On its transparent appearance, a green crescent-shaped pattern was embedded inside.

Although it had yet to approach this glass bead, anyone could sense its powerful energy fluctuations that exceeded the divine level.

“On the stone pillar is that super-divine-level resource. We don’t know its use at the moment, and we can’t take it away.”

“But as long as you get close, the ruins space will produce a strong rejection. Even demigods can’t stop this rejection.”

“In addition, the Phoenix Race has also confirmed that only creatures with the bloodline of the Phoenix Race can approach the stone pillar. Otherwise, there will be an even stronger rejection.” The Phoenix Race Patriarch, who had turned into a few meters tall, looked at the World Tree Envoy in a fusion state beside him.

Because of the possession, the current Shi Yu and Chi Tong shared the Phoenix bloodline.

“Among them, it’s not like the Phoenix Race hasn’t tried letting the Undead Phoenix possess a human to take away resources, but they all failed.”

“However, this is the first time a demigod-level undead Phoenix has possessed someone. In the history of the Phoenix Race, although a demigod-level undead Phoenix has been born, we’ve never found a human who can withstand its possession power, let alone a human that both parties contracted.”

“So…” The Phoenix Clan Leader felt that this time, it might really succeed.

The power on Shi Yu and the others definitely crushed ordinary demigods.

It was already considered an expert among demigods.

However, in this state, Shi Yu was still not confident.

“I’ll give it a try.” Shi Yu nodded. Then, under the Phoenix Patriarch’s gaze, he approached the stone pillar.

The Phoenix Race Patriarch’s gaze was solemn. According to her past experience, the entire ruins space should reject Shi Yu and the others next.

According to the speculation of the past demigods, one had to at least have divine-level power to withstand this spatial rejection!

However, the next scene made the Phoenix Clan Leader a little at a loss. He saw Shi Yu and the others approach the stone pillar step by step. The so-called spatial rejection never appeared.

This situation stunned the Phoenix Patriarch. Seeing that Shi Yu was getting closer and closer to the stone pillar, it began to suspect that there was a malfunction in the ruins!

“How is this possible?” It also tried to approach, but in the next moment, a spatial repulsive force that was like divine might directly acted on this demigod, making its expression change.

Boom!!

It retreated slightly.

The huge commotion made the red-haired Shi Yu in front of him turn around and say, “Are you alright?”

“Why, why don’t the ruins reject you?” The Phoenix Patriarch couldn’t understand.

“What’s going on?” Shi Yu was also very puzzled. He sensed his surroundings and indeed didn’t feel any rejection power.

Could it be that he had heard of his famous name in this ruin??

Just as Shi Yu was puzzled, something unexpected happened. The glass bead on the stone pillar suddenly emitted an even stronger light.

The light kept strengthening. In the end, in midair of the ruins, it condensed into the phantom of a white Phoenix, emitting a divine pressure.

“This…” The Phoenix Clan Leader was still in shock and had yet to react. The super-divine resource had appeared??