Chapter 1228 - 1228 Space (3)

1228 Space (3)

“Mi!!” After being summoned by Shi Yu, Little Purple curled into a ball and rubbed against Shi Yu’s hand. It looked at Shi Yu eagerly and asked when it could participate in the battle.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Shi Yu smiled bitterly at this question. What did Eleven and the others instill in this guy again?

“Mi!”

Little Zi looked serious. It didn’t want to be beaten up like Blue Planet!

“No hurry, no hurry. You’ll only be considered an adult when you reach the divine level. It’s still too early.”

In fact, in the beginning, Shi Yu only wanted to nurture Little Zi as a support.

A planetary life form was only a support in the first place.

Generally speaking, planetary life forms had three common Race Skills, inner world, world power, and world blessing.

The first move was to increase the size of the inner world and the upper limit of one’s level. It was not used in battle. It was a cultivation-type Skill, similar to the upgrade of the Beast Taming Space.

It was a proper support skill.

Second, the power of the world could mobilize the various natural powers, the power of the Void, the power of faith, the power of laws, and many other power systems in the inner world to attack. This was indeed the attack method of a planetary life form, but the problem was that it was easy to transfer it out, but it was difficult to replenish it.

Back then, Blue Planet also participated in the war of the Mythical Era. Apart from being related to the battle of other divine-level creatures, Blue Planet also participated in the war.

Without the help of Blue Planet, the chances of the life on Blue Planet defeating the three invaders were very small.

After this battle, Blue Planet consumed a lot of energy and would only recover after recuperating for countless years. One could imagine the price of a planetary life form consuming the power of its world.

At the moment, Little Zi had just entered the overlord level. Its absorption of external nutrition was already comparable to a totem.

When it reached the totem level, its consumption would probably be comparable to the divine level.

If it weren’t for the fact that it also had more feedback to Beast Tamers, Shi Yu definitely wouldn’t be able to afford to raise this guy in the future.

Therefore, although there were attack methods, this attack couldn’t be used easily. The higher the level, the more it couldn’t be used.

Using a little would cause the weather in the inner world to change and a natural disaster to appear. This was very unfriendly to the life in the body.

Therefore, ordinary planetary life forms cultivated the lives in their bodies. Like a Beast Tamer, they let the lives born in their bodies harvest resources in their place to protect themselves.

This way, their consumption could be reduced to the minimum. Only if they had no choice would the planet life form attack themselves.

It was precisely because of this that Shi Yu didn’t want Little Zi to fight too… His family was really at a loss.

Third, the World Blessing. This was also a cultivation method for planetary life forms. It could bring various magical strengthenings to other lives.

For example, the World Tree Blessing Shi Yu received was a type of world blessing.

The Effect of this world’s blessing depended on the direction of the planet’s upgrade. For example, the cultivation system of the Star Continent in Little Purple’s body mainly cultivated the power of faith of the four holy beasts. Therefore, Little Purple could also mobilize the power of faith of the four holy beasts and give birth to various blessings.

For example, providing Buggy with the power of faith, or giving it Black Tortoise and White Tiger Blessings when the turtle, Little Quas, and Shorty trained in its body.

This way, they could evolve faster in this direction.

From the three Skills, planetary life forms were not very suitable for their own battles. Therefore, Shi Yu had never nurtured Little Purple as a combatant.

However, Shi Yu should have expected it long ago. There would definitely be a problem if he handed Little Purple to Eleven, Buggy, and the others to train their Resistance…

Shi Yu could only temporarily suppress Little Purple’s battle desire…

At least, the battle Skills he could come into contact with now were not suitable for the life forms on Little Purple’s planet to learn. Just like Qi, it couldn’t learn anything. Shi Yu could only wait until he went to the starry sky in the future to see if there were any planet battle Skills suitable for Little Purple to learn that didn’t affect him.

At that time, he would replicate their skills!

For example, what the Phoenix God had said about a super planet that exceeded Blue Planet by two levels. Shi Yu had already started to look forward to whether it had any Superdivine Planet Skills.

“Master, Master…” Beside him, Ling saw Shi Yu begin to smile unconsciously again. It was suddenly distracted and was very helpless. It kept feeling that Shi Yu would definitely have Alzheimer’s when he was old.

“Cough.” Shi Yu patted his face and looked at Little Purple floating in front of him.

“In the next period of time, I’ll add points to Little Purple to the peak of the overlord level first and personally supervise the Resistance training of Turtle, Little Quas, and the Shorty.”

“I feel that I should be able to contract a new demigod when the time comes, right?” Shi Yu asked Ling.

Ling nodded and said, “It’s about the same. Little Purple, let me ask you. What’s the equivalent of adding 3×47 points?”

“Next, it’s your turn to add points again!”

“Mi… (1221 times.)” Little Zi revealed a bitter expression. It wanted to add points again. Although it also liked it, it had to control itself… It might have the most complicated emotions towards adding points in the team.

Because as soon as it came up, it added some super Skills. Accompanied by the comfortable feeling of leveling up and the huge Affliction, it was painful and happy.

Unlike Eleven and the others, who had the joy of laying the foundation for a bunch of low-level Skills.

The race level was too high, and there were no trash Skills. The consequence of not being able to learn trash Skills was that there was a Resistance requirement from the start.

Shi Yu: “1221? Ling, did you teach Little Purple how to count well?”

Ling: “If it really doesn’t work, let’s empower it through the memory water drop. I can’t teach it anymore.”

Shi Yu slapped his forehead. Sigh, it must be that the nutrition of Blue Planet’s sap was not enough and did not lay the foundation for Little Purple.

Why was its planetary life form still a bottom-feeder, even inferior to Little Ji’s basic intelligence?

Little Zi: Mi?

Did it calculate wrongly? Did it calculate wrongly? It started to argue solemnly… 3×47… 3×4 = 12, 3×7 = 21, 1221. That’s right.

…