Chapter 1226 - 1226 Space (1)

1226 Space (1)

The owl’s premonition this time completely exceeded Shi Yu’s expectations.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Emperor Kong and Legendary Lin Feng were still alive?

Moreover, it broke through to the divine level?

Moreover, they also had a pile of similar rocks in their hands?

Legendaries like the Space Emperor and Lin Feng, who had not disappeared in battle and were relatively close to the modern era, were still alive in a certain place. Shi Yu was actually not very surprised.

However, if the owl said that they were on another planet and also held the Teleportation Key Stone, Shi Yu would be overthinking.

“Hey, hey, hey, what are you talking about?”

The gem cat girl was also stunned. Why did he predict the usage method to the Space Emperor and Lin Feng!

Was the Beast Tamer of the Void Mantis really still alive? And that legendary Feng…

“Cough…” The owl interrupted them and lay on the ground on the verge of death. Before it could say the word “save”, a ginseng baby had already started to save it!!

“Teacher Owl, hold on!” Shi Yu said.

The owl: “I’m going to die… I’m going to die…”

“Don’t worry, with my rich EXP consumption, with the supplements of the ginseng baby, you can recover in less than half a month.”

The owl’s vision darkened. After a while, it was pulled back by Baby Ginseng and sat on the ground. It widened its eyes while panting and felt a lingering fear.

Damn it, it looked at the Teleportation Key Stone in horror and decided not to predict this thing anymore.

“Yi!” Baby Ginseng made the owl believe in its technology.

Shi Yu fell into deep thought beside him. In his mind, he recalled what the owl had just said.

Could it be that after the Space Emperor and Lin Feng disappeared, they went to this super planet that the Teleportation Key Stone led to?

They also had the Teleportation Key Stone in their hands. Did this mean that the gods had not only brought back one key stone, but a pile?

Many missing legendaries and demigods left through this method.

No, according to the description, this key stone could return. Why didn’t they return again?

Even if Blue Planet couldn’t withstand the divine level at the moment, they shouldn’t have broken through to the divine level just after arriving at other planets, right?

As long as a returnee left behind information, Blue Planet wouldn’t be completely ignorant about that super planet at the moment.

Shi Yu got Ling to analyze it. Although he instantly analyzed many possibilities, he couldn’t be very certain of any of them.

However, what was certain was that if Shi Yu went out to wander the starry sky one day…

Perhaps he could encounter the Space Emperor and Lin Feng.

“I feel that Teacher Owl still predicted loneliness. In the end, I still can’t confirm the opening method of the Teleportation Key Stone…”

…

In the depths of the universe, on a high-level planet.

A handsome and elegant man met another young man who looked very weak in the sky.

“Lin Feng.” Seeing the young man’s Enfeeble appearance, the handsome man said calmly, “You’re working too hard.”

The young man named Lin Feng smiled and said, “The consumption of deducing the super divine-level evolution path is too huge. It can’t be helped. Senior Space Emperor, you also sensed it, right?”

“Someone is deducing our traces of existence. The one with this ability should be a super-divine-level god, right? I wonder if it’s friend or foe.”

“That’s not important. The main point is that there’s still no news of the mother planet on Kai’s Planet?”

“No, could it be that an accident happened to them? Logically speaking, they should have already sent the key stone to their home planet at this time.” Lin Feng felt that it was strange.

“It can’t be helped. Let’s wait a little longer.”

“I wonder how Dong Huang is now under the governance of Old Man Divine Source,” Lin Feng sighed.

Emperor Kong said, “If there’s no news in a year, join forces with them and send out another team. We have to contact Blue Planet before the revival of the laws of Blue Planet.”

The Space Emperor looked at the starry sky and fell into memories.

He wondered what had become of Blue Planet.

Back then, when he explored the starry sky, he accidentally entered the universe void and was teleported to an extremely far place from Blue Planet.

After working hard and breaking through to the divine level, he realized that this was the center of the universe. Only then did he see an even vaster world.

Unfortunately, he couldn’t go back now.

Even if he broke through to the divine level and contracted ten spatial divine beasts, it was still difficult for him to return to his mother planet.

Although it was a pity, there was nothing he could do. However, to the Space Emperor’s surprise, he also discovered the faction left behind by the gods of the Blue Planet’s Mythical Era in the center of the universe.

Dragon Race, Phoenix Race, Angel Race, Demon Race… Many gods from Blue Planet had already left their traces in the universe.

It was even to the extent that the leader among them had already exceeded the divine level.

However, even so, it was still difficult for these gods to return to Blue Planet.

Firstly, the laws of that starry sky had been broken and couldn’t withstand their existence. Secondly, the consumption of the return trip was too huge. It was Difficult to lock onto the location, and the return cost-effective ratio wasn’t high. There was nothing worth staying for on Blue Planet anymore.

After the baptism of time, these large races had even long forgotten that their mother planet was Blue Planet. Most of the initial batch of gods had already died. These could only be considered descendants.

It could be said that although he had come into contact with them, the Space Emperor didn’t feel the friendship of being from the same hometown from them.

Only when hundreds of years passed did another kid named Lin Feng, who claimed to be from Dong Huang, find him did the Space Emperor learn that he wasn’t the only one who had accidentally transmigrated from Blue Planet to the depths of the universe.