Chapter 1237 - 1237 Invincible (3)

1237 Invincible (3)

Shi Yu originally thought that it was one of the surrounding reincarnation gods. However, upon closer listening, he felt something was amiss, as the voice sounded somewhat familiar.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Crack.

In an instant.

In this Cultivationless Age, the Creation Domain that was comparable to a true divine skill was instantly torn apart.

An invisible power of the world turned into a huge hand that instantly blocked Chi Tong and gently bounced it away.

“Shi Yu, stop!!”

After the green worm the size of an arm tore open the Creation Domain and blocked Chi Tong, it shouted nervously, afraid that Shi Yu would be fast enough to kill the three divine dragons.

“World Tree!!!”

At this moment, when they saw this little green vortex worm, the cat, the Dragon God, President Lin, and the surrounding demigods were shocked.

They didn’t expect the World Tree, or rather, the World Tree clone, to suddenly appear here.

“Mi!!”

At this moment, Chi Tong and Buggy were rather shocked. They felt that their strength was easily resolved by the World Tree clone, the little green vortex worm.

Shi Yu was also extremely silent. As he looked at the incoming World Tree clone, he kept feeling that there was big trouble…

It wouldn’t be so easy to use the three divine dragons as resources.

“Senior World Tree…”

Boom.

The Creation Domain shattered, and the environment returned to its original state. The three divine dragons fell into the sea. The Tyrant Dragon King and the Black Dragon Lord also fell into a near-death state.

The other demigods had lingering fears. Since the World Tree was here, Shi Yu couldn’t go crazy anymore, right?

“Lord World Tree, the three of them attacked first. I was defending myself!” At this moment, Shi Yu complained. He didn’t expect the World Tree to wake up at this moment.

“I know. I’ve already understood the cause and effect.”

“However, they have contributed to the Mythical War after all. Shi Yu, spare their lives. I promise you that they won’t interfere in the Dragon Palace anymore.” The World Tree had an extremely bad headache.

It didn’t expect such a big thing to happen when it woke up.

Naturally, it couldn’t let Shi Yu kill these three revival gods. If it did, what would the other gods who had contributed to Blue Planet think?

However, the World Tree had special feelings for Shi Yu. When it woke up, it realized that not only had Shi Yu killed Yun An and the Abyss Demon Frog and become the strongest human, but he could also easily kill five demigods. The World Tree was shocked and delighted.

It was also very concerned about a genius like Shi Yu. Moreover, this time, these three gods were indeed too violent, so the World Tree could only be a peacemaker.

“I’ll use the power of the world to recover the casualties of Dragon Palace City,” the World Tree clone said.

The Dragon God said, “Thank you, Lord World Tree. Shi Yu, let’s forget it.”

At this moment, since the World Tree had already said this, the Dragon God didn’t want Shi Yu to offend the gods too much either.

Shi Yu frowned and said, “Alright, since Mother said so… But the Tyrant Dragon King and the Black Dragon Lord…”

The World Tree clone said, “I’m not your mother.”

“You can do whatever you want with those two guys. I don’t care anymore.”

The World Tree clone felt a headache. Below, the three revival gods were directly put into an alternate space by it. At the same time, the green vortex worm glanced at Shi Yu and the others and said, “Shi Yu, let this matter come to an end.”

“You… follow me to Inatella.”

“I have something important to tell you.”

“Alright.” Shi Yu nodded and said, “Has the Ancient God Golden Bull woken up? It still owes me a divine-level resource…”

The World Tree clone shook its head. “No…!”

…

This time, the World Tree suddenly woke up and even said that something big had happened. Shi Yu decisively followed the World Tree.

In almost the blink of an eye, they were brought to Inatella by the World Tree.

After arriving, the World Tree clone looked at Shi Yu with a rather complicated expression.

It didn’t expect Shi Yu’s improvement speed to be so fast. He had reached the invincible level so quickly.

“Little brat, your strength has improved very quickly. On Blue Planet, you can be said to be invincible even when facing these gods who have awakened from their sleep.”

Shi Yu said in embarrassment, “I’m still not your match.”

World Tree clone: “?”

You still want to be my match?

The World Tree clone said, “You’re indeed invincible, but the problem now is that the reason why I woke up is because I sensed a batch of powerful extraterrestrials approaching the galaxy where Blue Planet is.”

“The opponent is incredibly powerful. Although not at the divine level, they have reached the pinnacle of the demigod realm. They might possess three, four, five, or even six or seven quasi-divine skills. I’m not sure if they’re friends or foes! It’s as if they come from a world with more perfected rules, or perhaps a lifeform born from a planet even mightier than Blue Planet.”

“If they’re enemies, Blue Planet will be in danger.”

Shi Yu was stunned, and his expression changed. Holy shit, you just said that I’m invincible, but an enemy is coming from the sky?