Chapter 1238 - 1238 Alien Beast Tamer Descends To Blue Planet (1)

1238 Alien Beast Tamer Descends to Blue Planet (1)

At this moment, Shi Yu had mixed feelings.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

They might have three, four, five, or even more quasi-divine skills?

They were indeed very terrifying guests from outer space.

In the Cultivationless Age of Blue Planet, apart from the Blue Planet lineage, there were at most two records of quasi-divine skills.

For example, the Blue Sea Sprite.

It was called the strongest demigod because it had two quasi-divine skills that could be used together, and one of them was a quasi-divine-level faith skill.

On the Blue Planet in the Cultivationless Age, cultivating two quasi-divine skills was already a heavenly talent.

Whoever cultivated three would definitely be invincible in the world.

But the alien guest mentioned by the World Tree this time didn’t seem to be reasonable at all.

Four to five quasi-divine skills?

He felt that even if Eleven and the others had quasi-divine skills that contained top-notch laws, they wouldn’t be able to fight easily.

After all, having multiple pets with quasi-divine skills wasn’t the same concept as having multiple quasi-divine skills with one pet. The latter’s strength was a qualitative leap.

Perhaps it could even use a combination divine skill.

However, Shi Yu wasn’t afraid of them if they really fought head-on.

It wasn’t difficult for him to let Eleven and the others each have multiple quasi-divine skills.

“In the same realm, I’m invincible, even if it’s a cosmic demigod,” Shi Yu said.

“As long as Lord World Tree provides enough resources to make me stronger, I’ll kill whoever comes. When the resources are in place, even God Realm experts will be useless. You have no idea, I now have four totem contracts that surpass my level, and our team is almost overflowing. We can barely manage to keep everyone fed,” said Shi Yu with a grin.

As long as the World Tree gave him resources, he would win this battle!

He would guard the Blue Planet…!

“So you know that you haven’t even reached the Legendary level.” The corners of the World Tree clone’s mouth twitched. “I brought you to Inatella because I want you to stay and not get involved in these troublesome matters.”

“If it’s an enemy, I’ll settle it. You can just cultivate here obediently.”

Shi Yu: “?”

The World Tree naturally believed what Shi Yu said.

If the World Tree wasn’t wrong, Shi Yu’s skill that crushed the five demigods just now contained the law of creation. It was a quasi-divine-level faith skill.

If such a skill could be cultivated into a divine skill and had enough power of faith to support it, then Green Dragon…

Green Dragon would absolutely not be inferior to top-notch gods like Ancestral Dragon and Original Phoenix. Green Dragon would be a future entity with the potential to become a top-notch god, unparalleled among peers, and no one at the same level could be its match.

In addition to that panda who had mastered the destructive law, when Shi Yu grew up, he was definitely a good seedling that far exceeded any top-notch god back then.

Perhaps there was the hope of resisting super divine life forms like the Abyss Evil God, the Space Behemoth, and the Worm Empress alone.

Regarding such a genius, the World Tree naturally couldn’t let Shi Yu face a strong enemy too early.

If anything happened to Shi Yu before he reached the divine level, the World Tree would cry to death. Not only would the World Tree have lost a super genius, but it would also feel that its previous blessings had been thrown away and wasted.

Therefore, the World Tree planned to protect Shi Yu well in Inatella when external enemies invaded. If they were really powerful enemies, the World Tree would deal with them.

Although excessive consumption of the power of the world would delay the recovery of the laws, there was no other way.

Who would have thought that someone from the starry sky would come at this time?

“You want me to cultivate here??” Shi Yu was stunned. He really didn’t expect the World Tree to call him over not to let him, the strongest expert on Blue Planet, fight the external enemies, but to protect him instead.

But thinking about it carefully, there was nothing wrong with that.

He was still a child who had yet to grow up.

“That’s right.” Apart from that, the World Tree was also worried that Shi Yu would suddenly kill a few more reincarnation gods outside.

Now, Shi Yu had the complete aptitude of a super divine. It wasn’t something the low-level gods on Blue Planet could compare to at all. Just as Shi Yu had said, he was invincible in the same realm.

“Then… will you provide food?” Shi Yu suddenly asked.

“If food and accommodation are provided, and Lord World Tree, if you take good care of Dong Huang, Dragon Palace City, and my friends, then I have no problem!”

“Of course, I don’t want something like today to happen again. If it weren’t for the fact that Lord World Tree said that you could revive the casualties of Dragon Palace City, I would have killed those three gods no matter what to commemorate those believers.”

Shi Yu grinned.

The World Tree said, “Sure, no problem. I’ll punish them well.”

“I’ll pay extra attention to your country and your friends. With this awakening, I won’t sleep any time soon. With me awake, a situation like the one that appeared in Dragon Palace City previously will definitely not happen again.”

“I’ll take over the right of Blue Planet’s Will to temporarily manage Blue Planet.”

“Then thank you, Lord Blue Planet!!” Shi Yu was excited. Awesome. The World Tree provided food and accommodation. Didn’t that mean that Eleven and the others could train unscrupulously on Inatella’s side?

In fact, a demigod-level team battle could even be arranged.

On the other hand, he worked hard to meditate and strived to break through to level nine as soon as possible!

In that case, Shi Yu was willing to suppress his restless heart.

It was the same to level up first before going to have fun.

“By the way.” Shi Yu suddenly recalled something and said, “My friend previously had a premonition.”

“The premonition was that a legendary Beast Tamer from Dong Huang, who disappeared while exploring the starry sky, and Lin Feng, a Beast Tamer from Dong Huang, who once received your blessings and also disappeared, are still alive.”

“After they disappeared, they arrived at a certain place in the starry sky and broke through to the divine level.”

The World Tree was stunned. It looked at Shi Yu and said, “It’s a premonition.”

“There’s indeed such a possibility. In the starry sky, no, even on Blue Planet, there are many things that the will of the planet doesn’t know, just like how ordinary people can’t know every minute phenomenon in their bodies.”