Chapter 1231 - 1231 Dragon Palace Rebellion (3)

1231 Dragon Palace Rebellion (3)

Outside Blue Planet, in the starry sky, Buggy had been looking forward to it for a long time.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

This breakthrough was not only an increase in growth level, but also an evolution. When the Dragon of Imagination reached transcendent proficiency, it would take it one step closer to the Green Dragon.

“During this breakthrough, I want to try the fusion of a top-notch super Skill.”

“I’ll try to fuse a quasi-divine skill for you.” Shi Yu stood on the meteorite and smiled at the green dragon in front of him.

Buggy’s pile of top-notch super Skills should have a higher success rate after reaching transcendent proficiency.

For Buggy’s breakthrough, Shi Yu and the others could be said to be fully armed.

Baby Ginseng had long run to Shi Yu and connected its life to Shi Yu’s to prevent Shi Yu from dying.

In the starry sky, Eleven, Chi Tong, Susu, Ling, and the others also looked at Buggy in disdain.

Although Buggy shouted that it would evolve first and that there was definitely nothing good about breaking through first, it was more excited than anyone to break through to the demigod level first. No one was willing to give in to the order.

“Roar!! (Beast Tamer, charge, charge!!)”

Buggy said excitedly.

“Then I’ll start,” Shi Yu said.

“Roar!!!” In the meteorite group, the green dragon Buggy’s golden eyes filled with light as it roared and nodded.

Boom!!!

In the next moment, a terrifying dragon might erupted from Shi Yu’s body. His black eyes also turned into golden eyes.

Psychic Domain, Green Dragon Domain!

Apart from that, Shi Yu also directly activated mental resonance and connected his and Buggy’s hearts.

This way, it could better assist Buggy in breaking through and evolving through the power of points.

“Hu!” Shi Yu prepared to add points with one hand and used the illusory Book of Skills with the other to open the furnace page of skill fusion.

Dragon of Imagination.

Increase points!

Boom!!!

As Shi Yu added points, Buggy’s aura rose steadily. Energy surged in its entire body, and it was filled with the light of upgrade.

At the same time, Shi Yu had also tried to drag skills that had reached transcendent into the skill fusion interface many times!

Skill: Imagination Domain, Dream Control, Four Holy Clones, Queen Mother’s Power

[Fusion success rate]: Low

[Fusion Risk]: High

The success rate of these four Skills was low, but if all four of them fused, there was also a low success rate.

Shi Yu couldn’t help but be speechless.

However, when he saw this scene, the current Shi Yu only had madness in his eyes. It was the madness of a gambler.

“Hahahaha, is this the peak of level eight? What if it reaches level nine?”

Shi Yu laughed crazily, making Eleven and the others speechless.

“Chi Tong, Baby Ginseng, Susu, Ling, Little Purple, get ready!”

With Shi Yu’s command, many pets prepared to support and add points. Now, Little Zi’s World Blessing Skill had also reached (Perfect+47). It was completely not inferior to the super support of other pets.

Not only could it assist Buggy’s evolution through the power of faith, but it could also give Shi Yu blessings and reduce his burden.

“Roar!!!” At the same time, Buggy began to stop suppressing its strength and completely activated the power of the transcendent-level Dragon of Imagination, allowing itself to advance to a more perfect green dragon image.

This time, the evolution materials Shi Yu prepared for Buggy were similar to the evolution materials of Chi Tong’s Vermillion Bird clone. They were faith items he had gathered from various spaces!

The power of faith inside!

Boom!!!

Under the lead of the power of skill upgrade, the power of skill fusion, and the power of faith of the Green Dragon, the energy on Buggy’s body became more and more terrifying.

Like a self-destructing ginseng baby, its energy level kept expanding.

“Ah!!!!!”

“Roar!!!”

Under the light of the green-gold breakthrough evolution that illuminated the starry sky, Shi Yu and Buggy let out heart-wrenching Affliction sounds at the same time. Even with the support of Baby Ginseng, Susu, and many other pets, it was quite difficult this time.

Of course, this was the first time he was fusing with a top-notch super Skill. Shi Yu didn’t care about the Affliction anymore. As long as he saw Buggy become stronger, he felt that everything was worth it.

In this evolution, Shi Yu sensed that Buggy’s form had actually not changed much. The greatest change was its size.

Under the full multiplication eruption, the shocking body of a cosmic life form that was tens of thousands of meters tall occupied the outside of the star. It was as if the power of a claw was enough to destroy a city.

A terrifying aura swept through the starry sky for 50,000 kilometers.

“Roar!!!”

Of course, the benefits of Shi Yu’s evolution breakthrough at the cost of his old age and white hair were far more than this.

Boom…

Under the lingering power of faith, it was like the sound of the world trembling. With Buggy’s body as the plane, the entire starry sky seemed to have been torn apart and opened, developing the ground and sky, forming a new world.

In the blink of an eye, Eleven, Chi Tong, and the others were shocked to discover that there were no longer any traces of the starry sky around them. They seemed to have entered another space.

This space was extremely real. The feeling it gave Eleven and the others didn’t feel like Buggy’s Imagination Domain.

Among them, Baby Ginseng in Shi Yu’s arms widened its eyes in surprise. It had discovered that its World Grace Skill could actually borrow the power of the world from this place. It was as if this was really a complete world!

After all, after leaving Blue Planet and arriving at the starry sky, its World Grace Skill couldn’t be used anymore. What was going on now?

In the Desolate World, the world had just opened and was endless. At some point in time, clouds had condensed and spring rain fell. Every drop of spring rain stimulated a weak sound of laws. The sound shocked the heart, but it gently nourished the ground.

When it dripped on the soil, a thousand-kilometer-long green grass, flowers, and saplings grew out of the soil. During their growth, the sound of wood-element life laws intertwined with the sound of water.

In the clouds, the phantom of the green dragon was faintly visible. When they saw its figure, Eleven and the others immediately felt their bodies reverse and the universe reverse. It was as if they were facing the god of creation. They involuntarily lost all control of themselves and were under the pressure of the world.

“Wuu!!” Eleven and the others resisted with serious expressions.

In the next moment.

“Roar!!!” As the green dragon roared, the world shattered. Shi Yu and the others returned to the starry sky.

The weak Shi Yu was first stunned before being overjoyed.

Evolution was a huge success.

[Imagination Domain, Dream Control, Four Holy Clones, Queen Mother’s Power] had already fused into the [Creation Domain].

Skill: Creation Domain

[Level]: Quasi God-level Faith Skill

< Introduction > The world is set up. The four dimensions are connected. Whether it’s death or life, everything is done.

It contained the laws of creation and could borrow the power of faith to create everything, derived the laws of heaven and earth corresponding to the power of faith.

It was a rare top-notch divine skill that could give birth to many laws!