Chapter 1239 - 1239 Alien Beast Tamer Descends To Blue Planet (2)

1239 Alien Beast Tamer Descends to Blue Planet (2)

“It’s not impossible for them to reach deeper into the starry sky due to certain peculiar phenomena.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Even in the Mythical Era, there have been cases of gods disappearing when exploring the starry sky.”

“Including the high-level gods who left the Blue Planet after the Mythical Era ended… The reason why I said that I don’t know if the guests from outer space are friends or foes is also because of this.”

“Blue Planet is gradually reviving. Those who return might be enemies, but they might also be old friends.”

“I hope… things can develop in a good direction.” The World Tree clone looked out of Blue Planet again.

Shi Yu pursed his lips. World Tree clone, why don’t you know anything? Is this why you don’t know that I’m a transmigrator?

…

At the same time.

As the World Tree pulled Shi Yu away, Shi Yu took away the Tyrant Dragon King and the Black Dragon Lord. Many demigods immediately dispersed.

The non-Dong Huang demigod left dejectedly, while the Dragon God returned to Dragon Palace City to preside over the overall situation. The previous conflict had long thrown the Dragon Palace City into chaos.

There was even a batch of surrenderers who had joined the gods. The Dragon God wanted to settle the score.

As for President Lin and the gem cat, they couldn’t help but heave a sigh of relief when they saw that the matter had ended successfully. President Lin said, “Teacher Ying, can I leave the matter of incorporating the Dragonman Empire to you next?”

“The Dragonman Empire is in the west and has the Dragon God presiding over it. It’s not easy to deal with, but we can take back the Dragonman Empire’s Green Dragon faith for Shi Yu.”

The gem cat girl’s eyes lit up. “Leave it to me.”

This was a good thing for her!

The battle of Dong Huang ended here.

However, the end of the battle confused the various realms.

The coup of Dragon Palace City and the revival of the three divine dragons to seize Dragon Palace City were definitely not known only to a few demigods.

In fact, the various factions on Blue Planet, including the Seven Nation Alliance, quickly got wind of the news.

However, only demigods dared to watch this kind of thing up close.

According to various speculations, this conflict would definitely cause a super earthquake on the Blue Planet. After all, three revival gods were involved, and they were powerful dragon gods, as well as the strongest faction in the post-era of Blue Planet, the Dong Huang Alliance.

No one believed that they couldn’t fight.

But in reality, the feeling this battle gave them was really no different from not fighting.

The factions that didn’t have the guts to come to the scene to watch the battle had no idea why the East Sea was suddenly silent.

The Creation Domain was too terrifying, directly isolating the new world at that time from the Blue Planet system.

Everything that happened took place in another newly created world, beyond the perception of the outside world, which was entirely normal.

At the moment, on Blue Planet, probably only the Blue Planet’s Will could sense the Creation Domain and interfere.

“What exactly happened in the East Sea? Why isn’t there any movement?”

All around the world, there was considerable confusion and puzzlement over the sudden cessation of the great war.

However, the most terrifying thing was that after the demigods who were watching the battle up close left the East Sea, they also kept silent about this battle, afraid that they would get into trouble.

The internal waters of the Ancient God of the Dragon Race and the Blesser of the World Tree were too deep, and they were unwilling to interfere.

“Could it be that Dong Huang and the Dragon God have agreed to some conditions…”

Before everyone could figure out the truth of this matter, another big event happened.

All legendary and demigod-levels could sense very powerful auras approaching the Blue Planet from the starry sky.

They were rather shocked and didn’t understand what had happened in the starry sky. The extraterrestrial visitors this time made no effort to conceal their power, displaying it freely, fearing that the inhabitants of the Blue Planet might not notice them.

Their aura was incomparably terrifying. Even if they were outside the planet, they still shocked the legendary demigods on the Blue Planet.

“Alien invaders?”

Inatella.

Boom.

Space trembled. The gods sleeping here were also shocked by this powerful wave. The Ancient God Golden Bull and the other gods woke up and looked at the starry sky in confusion.

“What’s going on… Are the invaders here again? Moo!!!” The Ancient God Golden Bull roared, his voice resounding through Inatella.

Lord Lie Shan, the Holy Divine Deer, the Demon King Dragon, and the other gods stared at the starry sky with serious expressions.

They felt that the enemy… was getting closer and closer.

“Ancient God Golden Bull!!” At this moment, when he heard these sounds, the one who was most surprised was none other than Shi Yu.

Damn, this guy has finally woken up!

Shi Yu immediately shouted at the Ancient God Golden Bull, who had awakened from the Mythical Ruins.

At the same time, the Ancient God Golden Bull was also stunned as he looked in Shi Yu’s direction.

He saw the World Tree clone with a similarly serious expression and Shi Yu, who was waving at him.

“Bull God, it’s me.” Shi Yu summoned Eleven, wanting to remind the Ancient God Golden Bull of him.

“Wu wu wu!!” Eleven also waved at the Ancient God Golden Bull.

Resources! Resources! Resources had yet to be given.

When the Ancient God Golden Bull saw Shi Yu, his expression darkened. Damn, why is this guy still here after I wake up?

“It’s you.” The Ancient God Golden Bull frowned and said, “What is it?”

“What else could it be? You haven’t given us the resources we earned from passing the test in the World Tournament. Give us a metal-element resource!” Shi Yu’s requirements weren’t high. He just wanted a mythical metal-element resource that could fill Eleven’s stomach.

“Wu wu wu!” Eleven nodded, suddenly feeling that the Ancient God Golden Bull had become much stronger after a few days!

Even so… he still had to give them resources!

Since the Ancient God Golden Bull dared to agree to the World Tree being an examiner, he shouldn’t be as poor as the Golden-Winged Roc to rely on shedding his own body to produce resources, right?