Chapter 1230 - 1230 Dragon Palace Rebellion (2)

1230 Dragon Palace Rebellion (2)

Generally speaking, both parties had their own operating systems and rarely interfered.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

But this time, President Lin looked in the direction of the East Sea solemnly…

A demigod-level dispute?

Before President Lin could ask for more information, a familiar voice suddenly sounded in his heart.

His special contact information with Great-grandfather Lin Feng’s second team pet…

At the same time, a miserable and heavily injured figure had already arrived.

“Senior Sea Dragon King.”

“What happened?”

Seeing this figure, President Lin was slightly shocked. He looked at its injuries and quickly asked what had happened.

“Little Lin.” The Sea Dragon King shrunk to a form of more than ten meters. After arriving in a very weak Enfeeble state, it immediately looked at President Lin.

It was Lin Feng’s second team pet. During its growth stage, President Lin had received a lot of care from it, so it could naturally be called Little Lin.

The Sea Dragon King said, “In the Dragon Palace’s coup, three dragon gods of the Mythical Era revived from the Dragon God Ruins.”

“Moreover, they want to snatch Dragon Palace City!”

“What?!” President Lin was shocked.

After the revival of the laws, many Mythical creatures revived. As the inheritance of the Mythical Era, theoretically speaking, there would definitely be gods revived.

Initially, President Lin was still thinking that at that time, Dong Huang’s allies could expand further.

Unexpectedly, he directly heard the news of the Dragon Palace’s coup from the Sea Dragon King.

The Sea Dragon King panted and said solemnly, “The three revived gods are all pursuers of the Ancestral Dragon. They were once generals under the top-notch Divine Ancestral Dragon.”

“Dragon Palace City is an inheritance left behind by the dragon race. They’re very dissatisfied with the change in faith in Dragon Palace City.”

“All the sources originated from Dragon Palace City. Some areas changed to the faith of the Green Dragon. They think that the Green Dragon and the Ancestral Dragon being put together is blasphemy.

“The three revival gods casually destroyed the things related to the Green Dragon, causing an internal dispute in Dragon Palace City. Lord Dragon God was forced to abdicate, and Lord Dragon God was unwilling, so the two parties fought.”

“However, Lord Dragon God is one against three and can’t resist well at all. She’s not their match. The two parties are still in a confrontation.”

“Fortunately, the three gods shouldn’t be willing to have a big battle in Dragon Palace City and destroy the mystic realm, so it’s only a small-scale collision at the moment.”

“Ridiculous.” After President Lin heard that, his anger burned. But soon, it was as if a basin of cold water had been splashed on him. This was because Dragon Palace City was indeed an inheritance faction of the Mythical Dragon Race, and the faith of the Green Dragon was derived later.

Now that the original owner had returned, it was also within expectations to reorganize Dragon Palace City.

However, President Lin still found it difficult to accept.

“What has it got to do with the Green Dragon? The Mythical Era has already ended for so long. The Green Dragon Legendary has long gone deep into Dragon Palace City. The faith of the Green Dragon has already spread throughout the world. Many generations of the Ancient Dragon God Dynasty’s Green Dragon have evolved.”

The sword of the previous dynasty was here to kill the officials of this dynasty?

“We also advised Lord Dragon God to admit defeat first, but she refused.” The Sea Dragon King had a bitter expression.

“Therefore, I can only come and ask Dong Huang for help.”

“After all, a portion of the Green Dragon faith in Dragon Palace City is Shi Yu. He’s currently the greatest beneficiary of the Green Dragon faith. Perhaps he still has to come out and help.”

President Lin felt a headache.

This matter was indeed not easy to deal with.

After this generation’s Dragon God succeeded the throne, the faith in the Green Dragon in Dragon Palace City had indeed relaxed a lot.

It was mainly because the Dragon Emperor had also cultivated a green dragon, and the Dragon God had also participated.

Therefore, the Dragon God had far more feelings for the faith of the Green Dragon than the faith of the Ancestral Dragon.

In addition, Shi Yu had also cultivated a green dragon. It was not too difficult to let the Dragon God watch them destroy the green dragon in Dragon Palace City.

Gu Yun said solemnly, “We can’t give up Dragon Palace City.”

“I know. I’ll contact Shi Yu immediately.”

“Perhaps only Shi Yu can solve this matter,” President Lin said.

Not only was Shi Yu an envoy of the World Tree, but he was also Dong Huang’s strongest battle power at the moment.

The opponent was three demigods. At the moment, Divine Source Legendary was sleeping. With the gem cat not good at battle, only Shi Yu could reinforce the Dragon God and see if he could rely on his identity as the World Tree Envoy to cool down the anger of the three Mythical Era divine dragons.

The Sea Dragon King said, “Tell Shi Yu to be careful. A god that has been suppressed to the strength of a demigod is far stronger than ordinary demigods on Blue Planet. It’s very difficult for Lord Dragon God to fight one alone…”

“Moreover, there are still three opponents. It can be said that every one of them has battle power above Yun An.”

President Lin felt a headache.

But in the next moment, he felt an even greater headache.

“I can’t contact Shi Yu again. I can’t contact him in any way!!!”

“Where did this kid go at such a critical moment?”

Elder Gu and the Sea Dragon King were stunned.

“I’ll contact Teacher Ying first and let her find it.” President Lin was numb.

…

At this moment, the Shi Yu Dong Huang was searching for was training in the starry sky.

It was easy to get sick from holding it in in one place all the time.

Shi Yu would occasionally cultivate bitterly in Ping Cheng and occasionally go to other places to change his mood.

After a round of cultivation, Shi Yu’s realm quickly increased.

Not long ago, his second Beast Taming Space had reached level eight.

After the second Beast Taming Space broke through to level eight, Shi Yu immediately received powerful feedback, and his physical fitness increased exponentially.

According to Ling’s judgment, it was no longer a problem for Shi Yu to contract another demigod.

As for this new demigod, Shi Yu planned to join the team according to what he had said previously and chose Buggy.