Chapter 1235 - 1235 Invincible (1)

1235 Invincible (1)

The current situation was extremely strange for President Lin and the others.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

After all, previously, Shi Yu still needed two demigods to resist Yun An and the Abyss Demon Frog for a period of time.

But which of the three gods in front of him wasn’t a stronger existence?

However, they felt that Shi Yu’s Buggy crushed them almost effortlessly.

“Buggy broke through to the totem level and took another step forward to the Green Dragon. Now, it can fight with the power of faith. It can fight a True God above its level as a demigod.”

“It’s naturally not a problem to deal with three low-level gods whose levels have been suppressed,” Shi Yu said.

He explained to President Lin and the others why Buggy was so fierce.

Damn, he had almost spent all the power of faith. How could he not be fierce?

The key was that it couldn’t easily solve the current situation without paying.

“Meow!!!” The gem cat was stunned. What a joke. Why were your pets getting more and more ridiculous after evolution?

Why, why did Shi Yu want to kill a True God above its level just as it reached the demigod level?

“Senior Dragon God, don’t worry. From today onwards, Buggy and I will protect you,” Shi Yu said to the Dragon God.

Sigh, femme fatale.

The Dragon God was speechless.

“This dispute seems to have attracted many guys to watch the battle.” Shi Yu looked around again.

“One, two clueless, three, four, five, six, seven… There are actually seven demigods.”

“There seems to be a familiar face.”

“President Lin, have the Tyrant Dragon King and the Black Dragon Lord joined the Blue Planet Alliance?”

“No.”

“The surrounding demigods didn’t join the Blue Planet Alliance.”

As President Lin finished speaking, Shi Yu grinned and looked around with ill intentions.

The Tyrant Dragon King was also a demigod. He had killed its son in the World Tournament, so it must have been hating him.

The Black Dragon Lord had also killed a general of their Dragon Empire. This had definitely been holding a grudge.

They were all potential enemies.

Among them, the Dragonman Empire and the Dragon Empire were also great enemies of Dong Huang in the previous totem battles. Shi Yu felt that since the Creation Domain had already been opened, it was better to deal with more enemies along the way.

This way, the cost-effective ratio could be maximized.

“Then…” Shi Yu’s eyes turned golden. The Green Dragon Domain spread out and fused with the Creation Domain.

Under the starry sky, the divine aura of the Green Dragon was even more terrifying. The seven surrounding demigods were basically here to watch the commotion. Among them, there were three demigods from the post-Blue Planet era, and four were demigod-level reincarnation gods.

Boom!!

At this moment, the green dragon’s killing intent lingered again. The miserable state of the three revived divine dragons just now had already scared the seven surrounding demigods into peeing. Even if four of them were reincarnation gods, they were extremely afraid of Shi Yu’s power.

He felt that Shi Yu was even more terrifying than the last time he resisted the Abyss Race.

Moreover, this guy was simply crazy.

Not only was he ruthless in killing invading races, but he was also ruthless to the dragons who had contributed in the war of the Mythical Era.

In an instant, the three dragon generals were crushed.

Was he really not afraid of anything?

“Berserk Dragon King.”

“Black Dragon Lord Juggernaut.”

“Buggy, crush them too.”

At this moment, as Shi Yu spoke, the divine might of the Green Dragon Buggy suppressed the surroundings. In the entire Creation Domain, deterrence shook the sky and earth. The pupils of the seven demigods, especially the Tyrant Dragon King and the Juggernaut Black Dragon Lord, constricted.

Damn.

This kid really wanted to continue attacking.

It still wanted to kill them.

At this moment, the two demigods were furious.

But in the next moment, it was very cowardly.

Because the miserable state of Dragon Palace City’s revived gods was still vivid in his mind.

They believed that their strength couldn’t exceed the three gods.

“Roar!!!”

Under the wreaking of divine might, the demigods in all directions of the Creation Domain instantly let out furious roars, feeling that Shi Yu wanted to kill them all.

“Shi Yu, do you want to start a war!!”

The Tyrant Dragon King was furious, but in the next moment, the Creation God might that had condensed, compressed, and tempered to the extreme gathered on its huge humanoid body.

The sound of Spirit laws shook in all directions.

President Lin was stunned. He didn’t expect Shi Yu to attack other demigods.

Was it really alright?

With a crack, in the Creation Domain, the Tyrant Dragon King, who had just advanced to a demigod, had yet to resist when its body transformed under the substantialized divine-level dragon might. The hard dragon bone in its body instantly shattered.

His brain rumbled, and dragon blood flowed out of his eyes. He spat out blood crazily, and his eyes gradually turned white.

With a boom, it was suppressed to the ground and thrown to the ground like a meteor. The surrounding demigods were extremely shocked.

Suppressing a demigod with deterrence?

What exactly was going on with this strange domain and strange world!

“The laws of heaven and earth are all controlled by it, like the world it created.” A reincarnation god was extremely shocked as he looked at the miserable state of the Tyrant Dragon King.

“This is… the law of creation!! Impossible, no creature can master such power.”

“I…” At this moment, the Tyrant Dragon King was extremely afraid, but it couldn’t say the word ‘submit’. Its body directly exploded from the pressure of deterrence and turned into a blood mist. Just like the divine dragons, it only had one breath left and waited to be dealt with.

“Shi Yu, that black dragon wants to run. Hurry up and hit it!” The gem cat was extremely surprised.

He didn’t expect Shi Yu to become so fierce again after a few days.

It had long wanted to beat up this black dragon.

They actually didn’t give their Gem Financial Group face.

This was an opportunity!

“Roar!!!” The Black Dragon Lord retreated in shock and retreated crazily. A quasi-divine skill condensed. It spat out a World Destruction Dragon Breath and aimed at Shi Yu, but it was only for show. It was instantly taken head-on by a dragon claw that swung over. The sweeping dragon claw slapped towards the Juggernaut’s Black Dragon Lord.