Chapter 1232 - 1232 Creation Green Dragon God (1)

1232 Creation Green Dragon God (1)

In the starry sky, the huge body of the Green Dragon Buggy occupied the outside of the meteorite group.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The green-gold light lit up the dark universe.

Be it Shi Yu or the pets who were saving Shi Yu, they looked at Buggy, who had completed a new round of evolution, in a daze.

“Creation Domain!”

Shi Yu shouted in disbelief.

What kind of Skill was this?

Creation Domain?

Damn, I made a killing.

Shi Yu was immediately blinded by joy.

It was as excited as Eleven when it awakened the Yin Yang Millstone.

He felt that the Dragon of Imagination wouldn’t have such a huge gain.

Most likely, it was still the skill fusion and the Green Dragon Domain that underwent a qualitative change.

The laws of creation… After all, even if the legendary Green Dragon was a Creation God, his Buggy was only at the demigod level at the moment.

The Creation Domain could create the world, four dimensions, life and death, and everything!

It could even give birth to many laws in its world.

For example, the rain law Shi Yu and the others had seen previously, the wood life law.

Or it could be combined into the law of spring.

A Skill contained many power of laws.

Just now, Buggy even felt that it could evolve plants into transcendent life forms in the Creation Domain with a thought.

It completely had the bearing of a Creation God.

But soon, Shi Yu realized that although the current Buggy’s strength had exploded, it was still too early to be called a Creation God.

The Legendary Green Dragon was first created and then believed in.

It didn’t rely on the power of faith at all. It had the ability to create the world in the first place, and it didn’t even care about the power of faith.

As for the current Buggy, it could only mobilize the laws of creation with the power of faith. The causal order was reversed. Although it was still powerful, it could still be seen that there was still a difference between it and the real Green Dragon.

Evolution was still not complete.

But even so, Shi Yu was quite satisfied.

Moreover, this skill could not only be used by mobilizing the power of faith.

Borrowing the power of faith could only make it stronger, but even without the power of faith, Buggy could control everything in the Creation Domain like a master of creation.

It perfectly included the nature of Skills such as the Imagination Domain, Dream Control, and the power of the Queen Mother. However, it couldn’t use the creation law.

The Law of Creation was undoubtedly a top-notch law. Moreover, it was even more perfect and functional than Eleven’s Yin Yang Millstone.

These two guys were simply a god of creation and a god of destruction now.

Although this Creation Domain… consumed a lot of faith power, once it was activated, Buggy was invincible.

As long as it consumed enough power of faith, it wasn’t impossible to instantly suppress and insta-kill demigods. In the Creation Domain, as the Creation God, Buggy was like a divine level when facing demigods.

Without a doubt, it was another forbidden move in the team competition.

“Roar!!!” At this moment, Buggy could be said to be overjoyed.

Quasi-divine-level faith skill!!

Faith skills could also be cultivated into quasi-divine skills. For example, the Blue Sea Contract of the peak Blue Sea Sprite was both a faith skill and a quasi-divine skill.

Now, Buggy finally got its wish and became a Mythical Race.

[Name]: Buggy

[Race]: Green Silkworm → Green Silkworm cocoon → Butterfly of Imagination → Green Dragon (Second stage, in evolution)

[Race Level]: Low-level Mythical (Starry Sky Faith God)

[Level of Growth]: Totem level

[Race Skill]

“Super”: Dragon of Imagination (transcendent), Faith Skill, Dragon Star Group (transcendent), Space Control (transcendent), Faith Skill, Green Dragon Indestructible Body (transcendent)

“Quasi God-level”: Faith Skill, Creation Domain (Proficient)

Energy Points: 4,120 million

Because it was the fusion of four transcendent super Skills, Buggy had inherited a lot of EXP, so Buggy felt that it wasn’t unfamiliar with using this new Skill.

It looked at Shi Yu, who had been healing for a long time and didn’t heal much. It roared and activated the small Range Creation Domain, pulling Shi Yu and the others into a new world. It stretched out its claws and aimed at Shi Yu. The Spring Law was activated, and they strengthened and nourished Baby Ginseng and Shi Yu together.

“Yi ~” Baby Ginseng let out a comfortable cry and trembled.

“Stop, stop, stop.” Shi Yu hurriedly shouted for them to stop. He sensed that he was quickly recovering his Restoration state and panicked.

“There’s not much power of faith left, not much, don’t waste it…”

“Roar!!! (I’ll definitely do it next time!)” Buggy looked at Shi Yu’s Enfeeble appearance. So be it. His health was more important!

“Mi!!” Chi Tong pulled Susu and looked. Why did it feel that Buggy’s faith skill was much cooler than its?

“Ning…” Susu cried. Stop talking. It was the only one in the first team who wasn’t a Mythical Race.

Fortunately, it was also fast. It could immediately rely on itself to cultivate the Blue Sea Contract and the Sea Cleansing Spirit into quasi-divine skills through the power of inheritance!

“Wuu!” Eleven rubbed its fists. Not bad, not bad. The law of creation. It didn’t know if its Yin Yang Millstone could smash the world created by Buggy. But soon, it was pestered by Little Purple, indicating that it wanted to treasure and love the world!

Little Zi pulled the excited Eleven and looked at Buggy in admiration. So powerful. Although it could also do similar things, it couldn’t do something like Buggy, which derived the sound of laws.

Eleven pulled Little Purple away and stared at it. So which one of them was the creator of the universe?

….

After an unknown period of time, Shi Yu and the others rode the shrunken Green Dragon back to Blue Planet.

On the Green Dragon’s body, the pets were very excited.