Chapter 1236 - 1236 Invincible (2)

1236 Invincible (2)

Just like the Divine Claw, this was the true power that could sweep through the world and destroy everything.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

In the Creation Domain, Buggy was both a Creation God and a World Destruction God.

“Shi Yu, you lunatic!!”

The dark figure approached, and the Black Dragon Lord was taken by surprise as Shi Yu seemed determined to completely annihilate them, disregarding any consequences.

“Our Dragon Empire also has gods.”

“Senior, save me…” Black Dragon Lord looked at one of the reincarnation gods, but the other party was indifferent. It was filled with fear toward the Green Dragon.

The pupils of the Black Dragon Lord constricted…

With a boom, it was pinched by a huge claw. Its body shattered, and a blood mist exploded.

From beginning to end, the colossal main body of Buggy merely hovered in the sky, casually moving its small claws throughout the entire process.

“Roar!!!”

After destroying five demigods in a row, Buggy’s battle intent rose to the extreme as it locked onto the next target.

“Wait, wait, I have no grudge with Dong Huang.” The remaining demigod of the later era of Blue Planet roared.

This was an Icy Snow Dragon from the Snowfield, an elemental life form. It wasn’t a dragon, but it was in dragon form.

In the Creation Domain, Buggy was a god of death. Ordinary demigods couldn’t withstand a single move from it, but that was normal. After all, this was a top-notch law enhanced by all the power of faith of the Green Dragon on Shi Yu and the others.

Apart from that, Shi Yu’s Green Dragon Domain also strengthened Buggy’s faith skill.

It gave Buggy true divine power!

“Roar, roar, roar!” Eleven and the others cheered. Buggy, kill, kill, kill.

If Buggy used up all the power of faith here, it wouldn’t be able to participate in the team internal competition!

Buggy was indeed fierce, shocking Eleven and the others. They hurriedly prayed that Buggy would use up its terrifying power.

“They have gone mad with killing.” Now, the other reincarnated gods dared not make any rash moves, as they had no grievances or enmity with Shi Yu. They didn’t believe that Shi Yu would massacre them all, but deep down, they couldn’t deny that they were worried and afraid.

They couldn’t imagine how Shi Yu and the others had erupted with divine-level power in the Cultivationless Age.

This was the Green Dragon?

It felt like the Ancestral Dragon was suppressed in the demigod realm, and that was his limit of power.

The humans’ hearts were in panic. Previously, they didn’t feel much, but at this moment, they sensed the terrifying power of the Seed of Hope brought by Goddess Wa.

Even if the ones they left on Blue Planet were only low-level gods, it was really unimaginable for them to be killed indiscriminately by demigods of the later era.

“Don’t worry.” After heavily injuring the Tyrant Dragon King and the Black Dragon Lord in one go, Shi Yu smiled gently and said, “Dong Huang loves peace and will never initiate aggression. It’s purely because the factions of those two guys once invaded Dong Huang, so I taught them a lesson.”

“Moreover, they didn’t join the Blue Planet Alliance. It’s obvious that they aren’t guys who yearn for peace. Eliminating them is also eliminating harm for Blue Planet, in case they become traitors and rely on extraterrestrial factions.”

As Shi Yu finished speaking, the other five demigods felt their teeth hurt. They had yet to betray anyone, but he had already drawn conclusions. Who could argue with him?

“I’m willing to join the Blue Planet Alliance!!” Icy Snow Dragon was the first to shout, afraid that Shi Yu would attack.

President Lin’s vision darkened. He didn’t expect that the demigods from those difficult-to-communicate factions would be willing to join the Blue Planet Alliance in this manner.

“Welcome.” Shi Yu smiled.

“Alright, next, I want to think about how to deal with these three guys.”

Shi Yu looked towards the three Mythical Dragon Race members who were heavily injured and unconscious. He turned to the Dragon God and asked, “Senior Dragon God, with me here, you can rest assured that no one can snatch your position as the Dragon God. Even if Ancestral Dragon returns, he won’t succeed.”

“How should we deal with these three detestable guys?”

“Why don’t we roast them and eat them? We’ll split them with everyone in Dragon Palace City.”

It was Shi Yu’s idea to expand the faith of the Green Dragon in Dragon Palace City. Now that Dragon Palace City had been left in ruins by these three guys and many Green Dragon believers had died, Shi Yu really felt bad.

Only by dismembering these three guys and giving their dragon blood, meat, tendons, and ball to everyone in Dragon Palace City as resources could Shi Yu feel more comfortable.

“You’ll get into big trouble like this…” At this moment, the Dragon God’s mind was also greatly shaken. She found Shi Yu and Buggy’s god-like battle power unbelievable.

However, after killing three divine dragons of the Mythical Era like this, she felt she would be in big trouble next.

“They might not be the only gods of the Dragon Palace. Perhaps other divine dragons will revive one after another.”

Shi Yu smiled and said, “It’s not a big problem. I just want to kill all the enemies. If they’re friends, I’ll welcome them.”

Shi Yu’s words made the corners of the mouths of President Lin, the gem cat, and the others twitch.

Shi Yu was definitely arrogant, but this exaggerated battle power was simply even more terrifying than the previous strongest Legendary title.

He could completely be said to be invincible. He even casually killed awakened gods!

“Roar…”

At this moment, the three divine dragons that had been crushed by Buggy slowly recovered some strength under their self-healing. Seeing this, Shi Yu immediately commanded Chi Tong.

“Just kill them.”

“Mi!!!” Chi Tong, who was flying around in the sky in the form of a sword, had long been waiting for Shi Yu’s words.

Its aura rose steadily, and its energy erupted, revealing the power of a demigod and shocking the people beside it.

It was unexpected that Shi Yu’s sword spirit had also reached the demigod level.

“Boom!!!”

In the next second.

Chi Tong turned into a sword light and slashed at the three divine dragons, planning to harvest their souls first.

“Don’t kill them!!!” At this moment, just as Chi Tong attacked, a voice suddenly sounded.