Chapter 1233 - 1233 Creation Green Dragon God (2)

1233 Creation Green Dragon God (2)

Too strong.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The Skill fused by the four top-notch super Skills was too strong.

Not only was it a quasi-divine skill, but it was also a quasi-divine skill that contained top-notch laws.

Even Eleven, who was holding the Yin Yang Millstone, couldn’t help but feel tempted. It wanted to fuse its other super top-notch Skills again.

Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong, and the others, who were holding a pile of super top-notch Skills, had the same thought.

At that time, if he could have three to four quasi-divine skills, he would definitely be invincible.

However, in fact, only Shi Yu realized that the food crisis in the team might be even more serious next.

As Buggy broke through to the totem level and had demigod battle power, the pressure came to Baby Ginseng again.

“Gulp…”

“Yi…” Listening to Buggy’s stomach rumble, Baby Ginseng pouted. Buggy could already create the law of spring. Creating a fruit or something was much better than it.

It was recommended to be self-sufficient…

“Roar!” Buggy expressed that it wasn’t impossible, but it was a little wasteful of the power of faith. Forget it.

At most… it could run to the starry sky to eat small stars in the future and more or less relieve its hunger.

“Yi!” Baby Ginseng stood on the Green Dragon Buggy with its hands on its hips, indicating that it was teasing it.

It wasn’t a big problem!

The next was for Baby Ginseng to break through.

It didn’t believe that a demigod-level world ginseng like it couldn’t afford to raise the entire team of demigods.

It had the World Grace Skill and could mobilize the power of the world on Blue Planet. It could choose not to believe it, but it had to believe that Blue Planet could afford to raise a few demigods.

At that time, the consumption of it using the world should be much smaller, unlike when it was at the overlord level. In short, at that time, there would be no pressure to freeload on Blue Planet’s nutrition.

“Ning, Ning!!” Susu expressed its support at the side. It was grateful for the gift of nature. It, who could connect to the sea, had never been hungry!

As the strongest ocean demigod, it made sense for Susu. Other demigods were still worried about food, but its food was inexhaustible. How could it not be strong?

However, Susu was still worried that it wouldn’t be able to connect to the sea on Blue Planet when it explored the starry sky in the future. It looked at Shi Yu eagerly, so when would it evolve into a Star Sea Sprite? It wanted to sign a contract with the Star Sea!

“Don’t worry, don’t worry… It’s your turn next.” Shi Yu smiled bitterly and said, “When the time comes, I’ll also use the skill fusion to assist in breakthrough evolution.”

“Let’s see if we can fuse your Star Sea Body with the Blue Sea Contract…”

“Ning!!”

“Master, Master.” As Shi Yu and the others were chatting, Ling suddenly said, “Not good.”

It looked panicked.

“President Lin sent a message saying that in the Dragon Palace City’s coup, three divine dragons from the Mythical Era revived in the Dragon God Ruins. Because they wanted to destroy the faith of the Green Dragon in Dragon Palace City, the Dragon God fought with them.”

“Now, not only do they want to let the Dragon God abdicate, but they also want to force a marriage.”

“Roar!!!”

As soon as Ling finished speaking, the entire team was stunned. Among them, Buggy even roared.

“Destroying the faith of the Green Dragon and forcing the Dragon God to marry?” Shi Yu immediately frowned.

“Are you sure??”

Everyone knew that the Dragon God had protected Dong Huang for more than a thousand years because of her deep relationship with the Dragon Emperor. Now that the Dragon Emperor of Dong Huang had died, the revived god of Dragon Palace City actually targeted the Dragon God. When Shi Yu heard that, he was immediately angry.

Revival of a god? Was he tired of living?

Buggy had just evolved and was worried that there was no place to test the power of the Creation Domain.

“Ling, lock onto the location. Buggy, accelerate.”

…

On the East Sea.

At this moment, everyone was paying attention.

Three gods had revived in Dragon Palace City. If they wanted to take back the power of Dragon Palace City and have a conflict with the current Dragon God, it couldn’t be hidden from the entire world.

The impact of demigod-level battle fluctuations on this incomplete planet was too great.

Perhaps only after the rules of Blue Planet were completely perfected could a demigod-level battle become a small battle.

Because both parties were worried about destroying Dragon Palace City, after a high-intensity confrontation, the battlefield gradually shifted to the East Sea.

At that moment, there were three divine dragons hundreds of meters long. Each of them had an energy aura as vast as a star, and the power of a demigod was undoubtedly displayed.

The leading one was covered in black and golden scales and emitted a very terrifying aura.

Its huge dragon eyes actually narrowed slightly.

Opposite them was the already rather miserable Dragon God covered in injuries, as well as the gem cat girl with a serious expression, and President Lin.

Apart from that, demigods from all over the world who had rushed over to watch the show because of the battle fluctuations were also hidden in all directions, including awakening gods.

For example, the Black Dragon lord of the Western Dragon Empire had finally broken through to the demigod-level, the Tyrant Dragon King of the Dragonman Empire. These dragons were very concerned about the conflict in Dragon Palace City.

These three revival divine dragons probably had the intention to lead all the dragons. They guessed.

“You’re not bad. As a future god, you can fight me to this extent.”

“Seeing that your cultivation is not easy, as long as you agree to become our partner, you can still be the Dragon God of Dragon Palace City. We won’t interfere too much in the matters of Dragon Palace City, but we still have to eliminate all the messy Green Dragon faith.”

Dragons were perverted by nature. After sleeping for so long, they suddenly encountered a female with outstanding strength like the Dragon God. Although they went against each other at the start, soon, the Black Gold Divine Dragon and the others were gradually attracted by the Dragon God’s strength and special looks.