Chapter 1234 - 1234 Creation Green Dragon God (3)

1234 Creation Green Dragon God (3)

The Dragon God panted deeply. It was naturally impossible for her to agree to the other party. However, every one of these three gods was very strong. It was probably not that easy to deal with.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“What if she doesn’t agree?” The Dragon God couldn’t be bothered with the other party, but the violent gem cat girl cursed.

“Don’t agree? Then I’ll let you forcefully agree. Treat it as atonement for betraying the faith of the Ancestral Dragon,” the Black Gold Divine Dragon said.

“Sir, do you really want to be enemies with our Dong Huang?” President Lin’s expression was dark. Previously, he had even taken out the World Tree, but these revived divine dragons were still unmoved, saying that this was an internal matter of the dragon race.

This made President Lin understand that they were not easy to deal with.

These guys were completely different from those individual gods.

The dragon race, the head of the five god races in the Mythical Era, actually ignored the World Tree?

However, President Lin also knew that he was indeed suspected of being ridiculous. The relationship between the World Tree and Dong Huang was far from that deep. Instead, the dragon race was a Mythical race that had contributed to protecting the world.

Even the World Tree was considered a junior in front of it. Unless the true body of the Blue Planet’s Will woke up, only then could they respect it.

“You guys??” The Black Gold Divine Dragon couldn’t help but become more and more annoyed when it saw a little cat and human who had appeared out of nowhere and wanted to interfere in the internal affairs of the dragon race.

“When Shi Yu comes, you’re all finished,” the gem cat girl muttered.

It knew that this group of people had destroyed a pile of Green Dragon statues in Dragon Palace City and killed many Green Dragon believers. The ice dragon that came out to stop them was also heavily injured and on the verge of death.

With Shi Yu’s temper, he would definitely make this group of dragons pay the price.

“Roar!!!” With a disagreement, the two parties started fighting again. The Black Gold Divine Dragon’s dragon claw gently pointed at the Dragon God.

Boom!

The black light ball turned into a dark tide and Devoured in the direction of the Dragon God.

“They’re going to fight…” Around them, many demigods were watching the commotion. However, these people had no intention of interfering.

After all, the revived Mythical Dragon Race might be the most difficult existence among the revived gods. Yun An and the Abyss Demon Frog weren’t even qualified to carry their shoes.

Even if the three gods only had demigod battle power now, they definitely suppressed the world. No one expected that not long after, Dong Huang would be in big trouble again.

The Dragon God’s expression turned cold. The gem cat girl revealed a bitter expression. They were going to fight again… But then, the gem cat girl was delighted and looked at the sky.

At this moment, many demigods sensed a terrifying aura descending from the sky.

Moreover, it was accompanied by a voice that resounded through the hearts of all living beings.

“Damn, which idiot came to provoke me again? Can the Green Dragon Faith be smashed just like that?” Shi Yu’s telepathy resounded through the world, stunning everyone.

“Don’t you know that the Green Dragon is a pet cultivated by your father, me?”

As the voice spread, the three Dragon Palace City gods were stunned. The Western Black Dragon Lord was stunned, and the Tyrant Dragon King of the Dragonman Empire was stunned.

“Wow,” the gem cat exclaimed.

With a boom, the sound of laws that sounded like the creation of the world sounded. A small crack appeared in the attack trajectory of the Black Gold Divine Dragon and enlarged with a bang, opening the world. A new world formed. Be it the two parties facing each other or all the demigods watching, they were shocked to discover that they were pulled into an unfamiliar place without being able to resist at all.

Buzz…

In an instant, the black dark tide was obliterated and dispersed. Moreover, in the clouds in the sky, an indescribably majestic divine might enveloped down. In an instant, the demigods looked at the sky in shock and saw three divine lightning descend from the sky.

A divine lightning was like a world falling. Its aura was terrifying, as if it could destroy the world.

Boom!!

Facing the Creation God Lightning, one of the killer moves derived from the Creation Domain, the pupils of the three divine dragons suddenly constricted. They felt a huge threat, and their hearts beat crazily. They felt that they had heard the laws of lightning, heard the laws of heaven and earth, and seen the laws of life. It was simply unbelievable.

Although every sound of laws was very weak, they actually combined to form a terrifying killer move.

“Who is it?” The three divine dragons, a black-gold divine dragon, a blue divine dragon, and a green-purple divine dragon wanted to resist in unison, but in the Creation Domain, they were like lambs waiting to be killed. They instantly widened their dragon eyes and endured the unbearable pressure. Their faces were pale as they felt a vast world pressure.

“Divine level!!!” They shouted in disbelief.

“Impossible. It’s impossible for there to be a divine level existence on Blue Planet at the moment.”

Boom.

The divine lightning descended. With a crack, their bodies were wrapped in lightning, and their dragon scales instantly exploded. The violent lightning penetrated their life source. In just an instant, the skin and flesh of their bodies exploded from the lightning, and dragon blood splattered.

“Roar!!!” The miserable cries of the three divine dragons shook the sky and earth.

Under the suppression of the lightning, they were instantly penetrated into the ground and smashed to the ground.

Their huge dragon eyes bled and were filled with disbelief. Around them, President Lin, the gem cat, and the spectating demigods also looked at the three Dragon Palace City gods in extreme disbelief.

The Dragon God also looked in the sky in extreme disbelief.

“Who is it? The Beast Tamer of the Green Dragon! The faith statues you destroyed is all mine.” The phantom of the Green Dragon, which was tens of thousands of meters long, circled under the starry sky. The figures of Shi Yu and his pets slowly descended into the lower realm. Seeing that it was indeed Shi Yu, the surrounding demigods revealed shocked expressions, not understanding what had happened.

They didn’t understand why the skin and flesh of the three demigod-level Enfeebled gods exploded in an instant!

That was a divine-level dragon body.

“Blasphemer! You’re disrespecting the Ancestral Dragon!” At this moment, the three revival divine dragons tried their best to break free from the Creation God Lightning. They looked at the phantom of the Creation Green Dragon God in the sky in anger and at Shi Yu, who had descended. At the same time, they felt that it was unbelievable.

However, Shi Yu’s next words made their brains rumble and they were even angrier.

“Then let the Ancestral Dragon say it himself. The three low-level gods have a death wish. Buggy, crush them.” Shi Yu’s heart ached at this moment. After all, this time, the power of faith of the Green Dragon would probably be exhausted.

Therefore, he had to find resources from these three divine dragons. With a boom, the huge green dragon claw crossed the Void and pinched the three divine dragons. They widened their eyes and tried their best to activate quasi-divine skills to hit the green dragon claw.

Boom, boom, and vibration. The Green Dragon Claw was instantly broken but instantly repaired. As long as there was enough power of faith for the transcendent Green Dragon Indestructible Body, even if Buggy died, it could instantly revive like Baby Ginseng.

With a puff, the Green Dragon Claw resisted the three quasi-divine skills but didn’t break. It pinched the three divine dragons in its hand and squeezed hard. The powerful dragon body of the divine-level dragon instantly exploded like a piece of paper, badly mangled. Only its last breath was left, waiting to be dealt with.

In an instant, everyone fell silent.

Shi Yu looked at the Dragon God and said, “Sorry, Senior Dragon God. Buggy and I are training in the starry sky and are late.”

The Dragon God was silent. A moment later, she looked at the green dragon phantom in the sky and said, “What’s going on?”

The Black Dragon Lord, the Tyrant Dragon King, and the other demigods who were still trapped in the creation domain also peed their pants in fright. They wanted to leave, but they didn’t know how to leave this damn place. They looked like they had seen a ghost. What the f*ck was going on!!