Chapter 1242 - 1242 The Look Of The Starry Sky (2)

1242 The Look of the Starry Sky (2)

This is great.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Prediction Owl, you’re the best!

Emperor Kong and Lin Feng are really still alive.

They even sent someone back to the Blue Planet.

Shi Yu felt that they definitely had the method to use the Teleportation Key Stone!

Tears welled up in Shi Yu’s eyes. The experts who left Blue Planet finally sent someone back. He felt that once he gained their support, he could venture into the universe fearlessly and accomplish great things!

It was awesome. He was long tired of playing on the Blue Planet. If it weren’t for the fact that he had a parallel space to go to, he would have died of boredom.

“Really? Then you have to bring me to see them later.” Zi Lan smiled. She didn’t expect that the top expert on the Blue Planet would be someone as young as them. She thought it would be an old man.

“No problem,” Shi Yu said.

The Space Emperor’s disciple, Zi Lan, was very happy. Having just arrived on the Blue Planet, hearing such good news was undoubtedly a huge gain. This time, apart from the main quests, the Space Emperor also told her a bunch of things about his past on the Blue Planet. She also knew about the Void Mantis, but she didn’t expect it to still be alive.

Teacher will definitely be very happy to hear that the Void Mantis is alive.

“Little handsome, I feel that you’re only in your 20s. You’ve become the strongest Beast Tamer on the Blue Planet at this age. How exaggerated.” The person with a contracted demon had a beautiful face like a demon and was a charming woman. She gave Shi Yu a flirtatious glance and also felt quite amazed.

The female succubus beside her also thought highly of Shi Yu. She felt that this was the genius the race wanted. Unfortunately, he was part of the Space Emperor and the others’ race…

“It’s all because the seniors are old that we juniors have a chance. If it were their peak, I definitely wouldn’t have any hope,” Shi Yu said humbly with a smile.

Shi Yu’s words earned the approval of the angel and the Phoenix men. They looked at Shi Yu’s ridiculously young appearance and couldn’t tell at all from his appearance that he was the strongest being on the planet.

Although this planet was already broken like a low-level planet, it was still a quasi-high-level planet that had produced several top-notch gods and defeated three super divine invaders…

How could the strongest Beast Tamer look like this?

“The current situation on the Blue Planet is that the sleeping ancient gods are gradually waking up, and the new generation of geniuses is gradually growing. Although it might take a while to recover to their previous state, without the threat of the outside world, it’s only a matter of time.”

“Those invaders shouldn’t descend to the Blue Planet again, right? Is there any news of them in the universe?” the World Tree clone asked.

Zi Lan smiled and said, “In the starry sky of the universe, planets are the life forms that contain the greatest resources. Low-level planets that can’t give birth to divine beings might not be worth the effort for powerhouses to invade. The gains from a single invasion may not even outweigh the costs of a long journey. However, it’s a different story for intermediate or high-level planets.”

“So much time has passed. The enemies who invaded the Blue Planet back then might no longer exist or have forgotten the Blue Planet, but new invaders will definitely be born as the planet upgrades. However, don’t worry, with Teacher and the others’ current factions, it’s completely no problem to protect the Blue Planet.”

“In the universe, the divine level is also known as the star level, and the super divine level is also known as the radiant sun level. The latter can be understood as an expert as dazzling as a star in the entire starry sky of the universe. There won’t be more than 1,000 such experts in the universe. As for Lord Space Emperor and Lord Lin Feng, the two of them once joined forces and killed a super divine life form above their level.”

“Apart from that, a super divine life form was also born among the five divine-level races that walked out of Blue Planet, the Dragon Race, the Phoenix Race, the Kirin Race, the Angel Race, and the Demon Race.”

“Even in the starry sky of the universe, the Blue Planet lineage isn’t a weak faction,” Zi Lan said.

“You have to know that there are only five lives above the super divine level at the moment. Apart from the four universe emperors and that universe overlord, the super divine level is already the strongest in the universe.”

“Therefore, you can rest assured and recover. You can even come into contact with the cosmic civilization and obtain more cosmic resources to complete the evolution. This way, be it the Blue Planet itself or Teacher and the others who left the Blue Planet, they can benefit.”

“Teacher and the others should have prepared a ‘planet transfer plan’ to let you leave this desolate star domain and head to the Cosmic Sea. There, the laws of the universe are more perfect and more suitable for the evolution of planets. It can be said to be the center of the universe.”

“Of course, this plan might take several decades or even over a hundred years to complete. The first priority is for both sides to establish contact through the Teleportation Key Stones.”

As soon as Zi Lan finished speaking, the few awakened gods were rather shocked. Having experienced the Mythical War, they naturally knew how terrifying the super divine level was. Back then, the three super divine level beings almost destroyed the Blue Planet. They could still accept that one of the five large races that walked out of the Blue Planet could break through to the super divine level, but what did they just hear… Two humans joined forces and killed a super divine being?

In addition, the aliens in front of them were also mysterious and had powerful auras. The gods suddenly understood why Goddess Wa brought back the Human Seed for the Blue Planet…

Its potential was too terrifying. In the universe, humans must be a very powerful race.

Could it be… that there were humans among the four universe emperors or universe overlords?

“I see…” The World Tree clone said, “I heard from you just now that you brought four Teleportation Key Stones that can lead to a super planet called ‘World King Planet’?”