Chapter 1243 - 1243 The Look Of The Starry Sky (3)

1243 The Look of the Starry Sky (3)

“At least four life forms can go there?”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“That’s right. Each Teleportation Key Stone can only be bound to one life form. It’s a binding tool.”

“Therefore, in theory, a Teleportation Key Stone can only teleport one life form over.”

“However, there’s also a shortcut, which is to bind the Teleportation Key Stone to humans. This is because the unique contract talent of humans can allow the Key Stone to treat humans and their contracted targets as a whole. This way, more individuals can enter the World King Planet at the same time.”

“Moreover, the generated consumption only depends on the individual’s level, making it the most efficient usage for humans. By the way, ‘World King’ refers to the planet will of the World King Planet, a cosmic-level planetary life. Currently, it’s the most advanced type of planet in the universe,” Zi Lan explained.

At this moment, the few gods on the Blue Planet couldn’t help but stomp their feet again.

When they heard that they could use the Teleportation Key Stone to head to some super planet, they were initially quite happy and felt that there was a better environment to increase their strength.

However… the other party had only brought four Teleportation Key Stones, and they were still bound to a single life form.

Binding a transcendent life form meant they could only send one individual over.

However, binding a human Beast Tamer could teleport multiple lives over, and the consumption was the lowest? This was unreasonable!!

The gods were anxious. In the end, the Blue Planet’s Will would definitely give it to humans.

What about them?

Could it be that they had to lower themselves and sign a contract with a human to hitch a ride?

At the moment, perhaps only Shi Yu was calm. He was very happy to be born a human.

“I wonder what it takes to activate the Teleportation Key Stone.” The World Tree clone asked the most important question.

“Cosmic crystal, divine-level cosmic crystal. It’s a resource that only planetary life forms can absorb the power of the universe to condense. In theory, a divine-level cosmic crystal can allow a Level 9 human to teleport to the World King Star one-way once.”

“The reason why I used Level 9 as an example is that at least a Level 9 life form can withstand the burden of teleportation. This is the rule set by Lord World King.”

“If you want to teleport back, you also need a divine-level cosmic crystal. If it’s a divine life form, you need a super-divine-level cosmic crystal… The stronger the target of the teleportation, the further away from the World King Planet, the greater the consumption, and so on.”

“It’s worth mentioning that a god who was once at the divine level but was suppressed to a lower level because of the incomplete world is also considered a divine level… If you want to go to the World King Planet, you have to consume super-divine-level resources.”

As soon as Zi Lan finished speaking, the seven awakened gods were even more stunned.

The World Tree’s heart skipped a beat.

Shi Yu, who was beside him, took a deep breath. So the method to activate the Teleportation Key Stone was a cosmic crystal… He knew this!

Little Zi could also condense it.

However, the current Little Zi couldn’t even condense a legendary cosmic crystal, let alone a divine-level cosmic crystal.

It was impossible to activate the Teleportation Key Stone.

At this moment, when it heard Zi Lan’s words, not only did the World Tree’s heart skip a beat, but its vision also darkened.

Obviously, condensing a divine-level cosmic crystal wasn’t an easy task for the current Blue Planet.

In addition, after Shi Yu came to a realization, he was also worried. His expression couldn’t help but turn bitter because he wasn’t Level 9 yet.

The lowest usage level of the Teleportation Key Stone was Level 9??

What a joke.

Upon hearing the laws of the World King, Shi Yu’s heart turned cold.

Now, he had yet to reach the level of cosmic crystals and teleportation.

He wanted to cultivate! No one could stop him!

“You should have brought enough cosmic crystals, right?” the World Tree clone asked.

Zi Lan said regretfully, “Actually, we originally brought five Teleportation Key Stones and kept them on five people, respectively. We also drove on different routes to the Blue Planet, worried that something would happen during the voyage.”

“In the end, whatever we were worried about came. The Cosmic Sea is also as unpredictable as the ocean. We encountered a starry sky storm. A teammate was the first to bear the brunt and died in the starry sky, disappearing with a Teleportation Key Stone, so there are only four left.”

“And we also consumed a lot of energy because of this accident. Among them, because the energy consumed to sail is also cosmic crystals, not to mention cosmic crystals that can be used on the Blue Planet, even the cosmic crystals we need to return to our home have been completely consumed.”

“In addition, we actually also have our own key stone that allows us to freely head to World King Planet, but now, because our resources have been exhausted, we can’t even teleport to World King Planet to find Teacher and the others to ask for cosmic crystals.”

“Therefore, we might have to rely on you, Lord Blue Planet. In theory, we only need one piece. At that time, we can take back more cosmic crystals from Teacher.”

At this moment, the few cosmic Beast Tamers and cosmic life forms looked at the World Tree clone eagerly. Now, it was all up to the Blue Planet. Otherwise, they wouldn’t be able to return home.

This godforsaken place… They didn’t want to stay for a moment longer. Only by successfully returning could they receive the rewards for this mission from the Space Emperor and the clan.

If they couldn’t go back, there was nothing left for them.

“I understand.” The World Tree nodded and said, “I’ll think of a way to get the cosmic crystal.”

“But these four Teleportation Key Stones…” The World Tree said, “Looks like we have to distribute them to humans to maximize the benefits.”