Chapter 1245 - 1245 The Look Of The Starry Sky (5)

1245 The Look of the Starry Sky (5)

At the same time, the Space Emperor’s disciple was indeed strong. They couldn’t defeat the captain, so they still had to be obedient.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Uh.”

“No problem.” However, at this moment, Shi Yu was also stunned. He asked the World Tree, “Then can I still return?”

Shi Yu remembered that the World Tree had previously provided food and accommodation for him to train in Inatella, right?

Now that the World Tree didn’t even keep the extraterrestrial guests, Shi Yu felt that…

“I’m going to condense a cosmic crystal for you with all my might. Inatella might also close… I won’t keep you,” the World Tree said. “By the way, Shi Yu, you shouldn’t have killed the Tyrant Dragon King and the Black Dragon Lord yet, right?”

Shi Yu’s expression darkened. “Yeah, what’s wrong?”

The World Tree said, “Leave them to me. Creating cosmic crystals can be done faster with the power of other demigods. I plan to let them and those three guys assist me in creating cosmic crystals. When they’re created, they’ll be distributed to Dong Huang first.”

“Uh, is that alright?” Zi Lan was stunned. This mother planet was ruthless. It actually wanted to squeeze demigods to accelerate the creation of cosmic crystals. It wasn’t easy for the current Blue Planet to produce a demigod, right? However, it was for the best. They just had to obtain cosmic crystals as soon as possible.

“It’s alright,” the World Tree said regretfully. “Unfortunately, you killed the Abyss Demon Frog too quickly…”

Otherwise, they could also be pulled over to mine.

Shi Yu was stunned, and the corners of his mouth twitched. He had Little Zi, so he naturally knew the thoughts of the World Tree. To put it bluntly, it was free labor. “Alright, then my cosmic crystal depends on you.”

“When the time comes, remember to give me more…”

“Yes.” The World Tree nodded. If not Shi Yu, who else could it give the cosmic crystals to?

Shi Yu, who had a double contract slot, definitely had to be nurtured as the main force.

“In that case, I’ll leave Inatella too,” the Ancient God Golden Bull said.

“Me too. Condensing a cosmic crystal is more important,” the Boar God said.

A few gods who were originally sleeping and recovering their restoration power on Inatella’s side spoke one after another.

What a joke.

What if the Blue Planet didn’t like them one day and pulled them to mine too?

They couldn’t stay here for long.

Shi Yu was stunned. He said to the Ancient God Golden Bull and the others, “Then seniors, why don’t you come to Dong Huang too?”

The few gods looked at each other and said, “As long as Dong Huang welcomes us, there’s naturally no problem.”

After hearing about the power of the Space Emperor and Lin Feng and realizing the extraordinariness of the human race, joining Dong Huang was undoubtedly the best choice.

In any case, they had nothing to worry about. Shi Yu was also a big shot in front of the World Tree. They had also given Shi Yu benefits, so how could Dong Huang treat them badly?

…

After Zi Lan and the others handed the four key stones to the World Tree, Inatella was closed.

Shi Yu and the others separated. Shi Yu brought Zi Lan, the Phoenix Man, and the Ancient God Golden Bull to Dong Huang.

As for the angel man, the female demon, and the others, they went to their ancestral lands.

Zi Lan and the Phoenix Man were both from the Dong Huang bloodline and were followers of the Space Emperor and Lin Feng. They had contracted descendants of the dragon and Phoenix Race. At the moment, they could find more members of the same race in Dong Huang.

At this moment, during the process of heading to Dong Huang, Shi Yu had many questions and wanted to understand more about the appearance of the starry sky.

“Sister Zi Lan, is that cosmic overlord very powerful? Previously, there was a Yun Race invader on the Blue Planet. My hometown seemed to have been destroyed by the cosmic overlord’s army.”

“How big is the difference in strength between a cosmic overlord and a cosmic emperor?”

Zi Lan said, “I don’t know either. Their strengths are worlds apart, even compared to a super divine level. I’m afraid even Teacher and the others don’t know how strong a cosmic-level life form is. However, what’s certain is that killing a super divine being should be as easy as breathing for them. Destroying a planet should be just a matter of moving a finger.”

“After all, even in the army of a cosmic overlord… there are also a bunch of super-divine-level subordinates. We can’t afford to provoke them. Both parties are in two different worlds, not in the same dimension. After you enter the starry sky, don’t offend them.”

“Alright, don’t think too much first. Our most important thing now is to wait for Lord Blue Planet to condense a cosmic crystal. At that time, you can personally see the appearance of the starry sky.”

“You’re a newbie of the World King Star and the strongest Beast Tamer on Blue Planet. At that time, you can get Lord Blue Planet to invest more resources in you. You can participate in the God Sealing Battle of the World King Star. If you can achieve pretty good results, you’ll harvest great gains. It’s hugely beneficial to the evolution of the Blue Planet.”

The Phoenix man said, “It’s a little difficult. His foundation is still a little inferior to those guys in the starry sky. Even the Space Emperor, Lord Lin Feng, and the others suffered a lot at the start.”

Zi Lan said, “What’s wrong? I think he’s much stronger than you. He became a Legendary Beast Tamer at this age and is the strongest expert on the planet. Do you think you can achieve the same things on a low-level planet?”

The Phoenix man was speechless.

At this moment, the Ancient God Golden Bull and the other gods also looked at Shi Yu silently.

After a moment of silence, the Ancient God Golden Bull said, “Shi Yu, you were only a Level 6 Beast Tamer when you participated in the World Tournament. Why did you become a Legendary Beast Tamer so quickly? Did the World Tree give you some special treatment?”

The Ancient God Golden Bull was considering whether to fight Shi Yu. Although he loved to fight, it was too difficult to do so in the Blue Planet’s current situation. If it were a one-sided retaliation, it might be manageable, but the Ancient Bull God wasn’t foolish enough to risk being beaten up again.

He might as well give the resources to Shi Yu and forget about the battle…

“No, Lord World Tree only said that I’m the strongest Beast Tamer on the Blue Planet, but he didn’t say that I’m a Legendary Beast Tamer. I’m only at Level 8 now. When I return, I have to cultivate as soon as possible. Otherwise, I won’t be able to use the Teleportation Key Stone.” Shi Yu hated it.

“Sister Zi Lan, do you have any relatively powerful meditation techniques that can accelerate leveling up?”

As soon as he finished speaking, Zi Lan and the Phoenix man paused and suddenly looked at Shi Yu.

Level 8?

Wasn’t the current upper limit of Blue Planet Level 9?

Lord Lin Feng, the Space Emperor, and the others had all reached Level 9 on the Blue Planet.

Among them, Lord Lin Feng said that even Mechanical Legendaries stronger than him at that time couldn’t become the strongest Beast Tamer on the Blue Planet.

And this guy was Level 8?

He had become the strongest Beast Tamer on the Blue Planet, certified by the World Tree?

What was going on?!

What about the other legendaries?

Were they all dead?

“Uh,” Shi Yu said. “No?”

“Oh, I see. You just reached Level 8 and already became the strongest Beast Tamer by surpassing levels, huh? Impressive, just like back then.” Several gods who had experienced the World Tournament and were well aware of Shi Yu’s extraordinary strength nodded in agreement. It turned out he was stronger in terms of combat power, even if his level hadn’t caught up yet. It was understandable and very much like Shi Yu, always full of surprises.

The Holy Divine Deer said, “Shi Yu could easily kill a totem-level being when he was a Level 6 Beast Tamer. Now that he’s Level 8, it’s barely acceptable for him to become the strongest Beast Tamer on Blue Planet.”

The Demon King Dragon said, “He’ll definitely be considered a monster if placed in the universe.”

“No, no. It’s all luck.” Shi Yu didn’t dare show off in front of this group of aliens, afraid of being beaten up. At the moment, he felt that he couldn’t defeat them. He would wait until his strength developed for a period of time!!

Zi Lan and the Phoenix Man: ???

The two of them fell into deep thought and looked at the harmless Shi Yu. Why did they feel that there was something wrong with this guy?