Chapter 1246 - 1246 The Alien'S Mentality Collapsed (1)

1246 The Alien’s Mentality Collapsed (1)

The arrival of aliens received a lot of attention.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

All parties were probing and maintaining vigilance against the impending “enemy” from the starry sky.

Dong Huang was no exception.

Just as they finished experiencing the Dragon Palace coup, an abnormality suddenly appeared in the starry sky. The higher-ups of Dong Huang, who knew some inside information about the universe, were worried.

President Lin and the gem cat originally wanted to deal with the related incidents of the Dragonman Empire, but they also stopped.

“The other party… has come to Dong Huang?” President Lin’s expression changed.

“Yes… the other party’s energy fluctuation has appeared on the East Sea.”

“In the Demon Capital,” the gem cat girl said with a sigh. She suddenly felt that becoming a demigod wasn’t a good thing.

In the past, she only needed to eat, drink, and sleep at Ancient Capital University. But now, there was a pile of troublesome matters.

She was just a cat!

She was frustrated and furious.

“However, it doesn’t seem to be an enemy… Shi Yu is also there?”

The gem cat subsequently sensed that Shi Yu, who had just left with the World Tree, was also with the group of cosmic guests.

There was even… a pile of familiar fluctuations.

For example, Shi Yu had been asking her to find Niu Niu.

Ah, could the clone finally get off work?

“Let’s go take a look.” President Lin fell into deep thought. Was it related to Shi Yu being called away by the World Tree?

The gem cat and President Lin immediately rushed to the East Sea.

Shi Yu and the others were teleported to the East Sea by the World Tree.

As everyone chatted, they talked about Shi Yu, the strongest Beast Tamer on the Blue Planet, who was only Level 8 at the moment.

This really made Zi Lan, the Phoenix Man, and the Starry Dragon Phoenix feel incredulous.

For a moment, they didn’t know if they should say that Shi Yu was strong, or that the other legendary beings were too lousy.

“He became the strongest being at Level 8?” Zi Lan realized that she had underestimated Shi Yu previously.

“Qi Mu, why don’t you spar with Shi Yu? I suddenly want to know his strength.”

“Little Brother Shi Yu, what do you think?” Zi Lan looked at Shi Yu and asked.

“I’m suddenly very curious about your strength too. You can satisfy my little request, right?”

As for Shi Yu, the corners of his mouth twitched. “Let’s not.”

“Aren’t you guys in a very poor state?”

In addition, Shi Yu had just fought five demigods.

Although it mainly consumed his power of faith, at this moment, his desire to fight wasn’t very strong.

He was in Sage Mode.

After all, he had just activated the Green Dragon Domain for a while and was quite tired.

“It’s alright.”

When the Phoenix man heard the captain’s command, his expression first turned bitter, but soon, he said naturally, “We can still take it if we spar appropriately.”

He didn’t want to either, but on second thought, this wasn’t a bad job.

The plan for the joint effort between the Space Emperor and Lord Lin Feng’s forces, along with the five god races of the Floating Planet, to guide the mother planet had caused quite a stir over there.

It could be said to have received attention from many parties.

The various factions were waiting for the news to be transmitted back.

And if he defeated the most talented and powerful Beast Tamer on the Blue Planet, wouldn’t he become famous after the Floating Planet learned about it?

The level of this mission was very high. He had to achieve something!

“…” Shi Yu was silent.

This kid.

“Let’s give it a try and fight.” When the Ancient God Golden Bull saw this, he was stunned for a moment before suddenly provoking the aliens.

“It sounds pretty interesting.” The seven sleeping gods revealed intrigued expressions.

Between an extraterrestrial Beast Tamer and the most monstrous Beast Tamer genius on the Blue Planet, who was stronger?

“With the seven of us demigods around, nothing will happen.” They all joined in the provocation.

“Didn’t you want special meditation techniques previously?” Zi Lan smiled and said, “We don’t have special meditation techniques, but we have a bunch of cultivation skills in the starry sky of the universe.”

“For example, skills to develop the third and fourth talents…”

“I even have the skill to develop the spatial strengthening talent.”

“If you win, I’ll pack it up for you.”

The Ancient God Golden Bull and the others were stunned.

Damn.

Shi Yu, this kid, was already monstrous enough. If Shi Yu still had multiple Beast Taming Talents, they couldn’t imagine how strong he would be when the time came.

“This…”

At this moment, Shi Yu felt that even if they didn’t fight, Emperor Kong, Lin Feng, and the others would still give these skills to Dong Huang.

However, it wouldn’t be bad if he could obtain it in advance.

“This… Alright then.” Shi Yu smiled.

Forget it, so be it.

“Wu wu wu.”

Eleven looked at the Star Phoenix with a serious expression.

The Star Phoenix seemed like a strong enemy.

“Hm?”

The Star Phoenix looked at Eleven calmly.

Everyone was very satisfied with the outcome.

“Meow~”

At this moment, two spatial ripples blinked.

The gem cat girl brought President Lin here.

At this moment, just as President Lin arrived, he saw the group of Inatella gods behind Shi Yu, and couldn’t help but be stunned.

However, when he saw Zi Lan, the Phoenix Man, and the Starry Dragon Phoenix behind them, he was even more shocked.

“Yo, President Lin, Teacher Ying,” Shi Yu said. “You’re here.”

Zi Lan and the others also looked at President Lin Xiao and the gem cat girl.

“Shi Yu, they are…” President Lin said.

“Let me introduce you. This is Zi Lan, the disciple of the Senior Space Emperor. This is Qi Mu, a follower of Senior Lin Feng.”

“These two are descendants of the Blue Planet Dragon and Phoenix Races in the Mythical Era. They have a contractual relationship with Zi Lan and Qi Mu.”

“This time, they were entrusted by Senior Space Emperor, Senior Lin Feng, and the others in the Cosmic Sea to bring the Teleportation Key Stones to help the Blue Planet connect to the starry sky. Next, they have to rest in Dong Huang for a period of time,” Shi Yu said.