Chapter 1240 - 1240 Alien Beast Tamer Descends To Blue Planet (3)

1240 Alien Beast Tamer Descends to Blue Planet (3)

Although the steak was pretty delicious, Shi Yu didn’t want to eat familiar faces. He treated Inatella’s friendly gods as good friends!

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“#¥@#¥¥%” The Ancient God Golden Bull cursed in his heart and said, “I know, I won’t shortchange you.”

“You little kid… No, you actually mastered a skill of that level. Not bad, you’re really not bad. Kid, you can have resources, but when you’re free, fight with me again!!!” The Ancient God Golden Bull said indignantly.

The Ancient God Golden Bull’s power, after the revival of the rules and a period of slumber, had also been restored to the totem level.

It was no longer the original overlord level.

In other words, it also had demigod battle power now, and as an awakened god, it was definitely stronger than demigods in the later era of the Blue Planet!

Sensing that the level of his quasi-divine skill had increased as the laws revived, the Ancient God Golden Bull gritted his teeth, wanting to spar with Shi Yu and the others again.

The last time, because of the suppression of laws, the Ancient God Golden Bull never collided with Shi Yu and the others. But this time, the Ancient God Golden Bull believed that it was definitely not a problem. The higher-level usage of its Golden Mountain Divine Body had already been unlocked with the revival of his power.

The Ancient God Golden Bull could rely on overload to obtain physical strength that exceeded that of demigods. He wasn’t afraid of even the prototype of a top-notch divine skill…

“No problem,” Shi Yu agreed readily. In any case, with the World Tree providing food and accommodation, the losses from the battle shouldn’t be a big problem, right?

Seeing the cow’s temper, he felt that the Ancient God Golden Bull could agree to another resource.

“You guys…” At this moment, the World Tree clone was rather speechless. “Is this the time to talk about this? My other clone has already gone to the starry sky to intercept the invaders.”

“A huge battle might break out at any moment.”

“You woke up at the right time. If a battle happens, please lend me your vitality. The power of the world that I can mobilize is limited. If the opponent is too strong, I might still need the life of Blue Planet to contribute a portion of my strength.”

“It’s indeed an invader!” When the World Tree clone said that, the awakened gods became serious. Shi Yu also looked at the starry sky, wanting to know what was going on.

…

At the same time.

In the incomparably dark starry sky, four huge flash meteors hit the Blue Planet.

The four meteors weren’t big, and each was less than a hundred meters in diameter. But with their strength, if they hit the Blue Planet, it would definitely be an unimaginable disaster.

“This is…” At this moment, the Green Dragon, the 50% power clone of the World Tree, was already flying outside the Blue Planet, looking at the four meteorites flying over with a burning gaze.

It immediately thought of a meteorite life form like Yun An.

However, in fact, these four huge meteors were like controllable aircraft. After flying close to the Blue Planet, although they were still filled with huge fluctuations, their speed became slower and slower.

Boom!!!

When they were extremely close to the Blue Planet, or rather, the World Tree clone’s Green Dragon, the four meteorites actually slowly stopped in midair in unison. Then, a door-like arc of light appeared on the four meteorites. They slowly opened like the doors of a spaceship.

Right on the heels of that, eight figures appeared together inside. Even the World Tree was rather shocked to see these eight figures.

Four of them were humans, two men, and two women.

From their appearances, they were all young men in their 20s. The men were handsome, and the women were beautiful. They were wearing clothes that were different from those of any country on Blue Planet. They wrapped their bodies tightly, only revealing the black battle suit on their heads. It was perfectly coordinated with the power of the starry sky, as if it was a super equipment prepared for the starry sky battle.

Apart from that, the source of the power sensed by the World Tree clone was also behind them.

A blue-purple Star Dragon whose body seemed to be covered in star spots was only more than ten meters tall, but its aura far exceeded any demigod on the Blue Planet at the moment. The feeling it gave the World Tree clone was even stronger than that of the peak Blue Sea Sprite.

There was also a huge phoenix with a red body and blue wings. Every feather was as deep as a nebula. Just like the previous Star Dragon, it was a cosmic life form that emitted powerful fluctuations.

In addition to that, he was an extraordinary humanoid life form with multiple platinum-colored angelic wings. With a handsome face and golden eyes, he was undoubtedly an angel. The sacred aura emanating from him was already approaching the level of a divine being.

The last life form was a female demon with black and red wings that looked like bat wings. She displayed her fiery figure vividly with a smile on her face. She sized up the World Tree clone curiously and licked her lips, looking rather tempting.

These four formidable demigod-level beings came out together with the four humans. They appeared to be of equal status, without any distinction of importance. However, there seemed to be a connection between them. The World Tree clone quickly deduced that each pair of these arrivals might have some sort of mutual contract or covenant.

“Lord Blue Planet…” The Beast Tamer of the Star Dragon, a mature woman with long black hair, walked out of the meteorite in the air and said telepathically, “We’ve finally arrived. You’re the will clone of this planet, right?”

“Who… are you?” At this moment, the World Tree clone had already guessed, but it still asked.

“My name is Zi Lan. My teacher is a Beast Tamer who walked out of this planet. His former title here was the Space Emperor. This time, our group has come from the Cosmic Sea, bringing with us tools that can help the Blue Planet integrate with the universe.”

“At present, the gods who walked out of the Blue Planet in the Mythical Era have already established several super-divine-level factions in the Cosmic Sea and stabilized their foundation. After learning that their mother planet is about to undergo restoration, they plan to welcome their mother planet and help it complete further evolution.”

At this moment, the World Tree clone was rather shocked. It didn’t expect that just as Shi Yu told it about the Space Emperor, a Beast Tamer sent by the Space Emperor would appear.

Who was Shi Yu’s friend who had the premonition? He was incredible.

A disciple of the Space Emperor?

It was unbelievable.

Sensing the powerful aura of this long-haired mature sister and the Star Dragon beside her, the World Tree felt that their strength wasn’t much inferior to Shi Yu. What kind of existence had that Space Emperor become?

The Beast Tamers of Dong Huang were all monsters!

Moreover, the World Tree also heard an important piece of news. After the Mythical Era ended, the gods who left the Blue Planet and settled in the universe had made significant breakthroughs, and some individuals even broke through to the super divine level!!

The World Tree clone heaved a sigh of relief. Fortunately, they weren’t enemies. At the same time, the World Tree clone was excited and thrilled. Although it had some doubts about why these divine beings were doing well but were unwilling to bring back resources from the universe to help the Blue Planet recover quickly, it couldn’t dwell on that now. As long as they still acknowledged their home planet, the World Tree clone felt content.

“Welcome, children,” the World Tree clone said happily.

The Beast Tamer of the Star Dragon, the long-haired mature sister, smiled and said, “Lord Blue Planet, we brought four Teleportation Key Stones this time. These keystones act as relic teleportation devices, allowing at least four individuals from the Blue Planet to enter another super planet. When that time comes, our teacher and others will be waiting for you on that super planet.”

“More details might require you to communicate with them personally, Lord Blue Planet.”

“No problem,” the World Tree clone said. “You’ve traveled a long way, and I appreciate your efforts. Let me take you to the Blue Planet first.”

The long-haired mature sister should be a figure similar to a captain. She looked at everyone and nodded. “Then I’ll leave it to you, Lord Blue Planet. We spent several years on this voyage and consumed a lot of energy. We even sacrificed a teammate.”

“There were a total of five of us at the start. Unfortunately… the representative of the Kirin Race died in the starry sky because of a cosmic accident. Before we reach our restoration state, we might have to disturb the Blue Planet for a period of time before daring to return.”