Chapter 1249 - 1249 The Alien'S Mentality Collapsed (4)

1249 The Alien’s Mentality Collapsed (4)

The auras of both parties overlapped. The shocking sword intent that was enough to crush ordinary demigods made its aura not inferior to the Green Dragon at all.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The Phoenix Man and the Star Phoenix were speechless.

This guy named Shi Yu was Level 8 and contracted two demigods? Moreover, he could reach demigod-level battle power himself?

What a freak!

Although the Star Phoenix felt that the aura of one of the lives summoned by Shi Yu was inferior to it, they had to take them seriously when three appeared at once.

The Star Phoenix felt that… it would take a little effort.

But this… wasn’t the end at all.

In the interweaving of red and blue, Susu transformed into the form of a Blue Sea Sprite, rejuvenated by the convergence of water elements, and descended upon this place. On the Blue Planet, it possessed boundless energy, allowing it to erupt without restraint. Empowered by the Time Fruit, it wielded a demigod level of strength, manifesting as vast energy fluctuations akin to the ocean, directly emanating from Susu’s being.

Another demigod!

At this moment, the Phoenix man suddenly felt a little numb. Four demigod-level battle power…

How was that possible?

Boom!!!

Four was far from the limit. In the array on the ground, the World Ginseng rose from the ground in the form of a divine tree and activated a quasi-divine skill. It communicated with the power of the world and activated the Time Fruit on the tree to enter a life-burning state.

“Pop…” The sound of laws resounded, and the tree fruit swayed. The demigod power that wasn’t inferior to Susu, Shi Yu, and the others also erupted with a bang, making the towering emperor standing on the tree very smug.

“Yi! (I’m the towering emperor. Alien, come!)”

The fifth demigod battle power!

“Roar!!!”

At this moment, Eleven, who was in a restrained, energy-efficient state, also leaped down from Shi Yu’s shoulder. As it walked onto the battlefield, it gradually enlarged and turned into a hundred-meter-tall behemoth. Black and white lightning intertwined on its body, and it entered the Chaos Panda form. The final demigod also ascended the battlefield.

Panda King, go!

Zi Lan, Phoenix Man, and the others were stunned!

Six demigods!

In order to welcome the strong enemy, Shi Yu decisively let the six main forces appear and let them enter their strongest state.

Those without totem levels could also rely on various methods to temporarily reach demigod battle power, and they weren’t weak demigods.

“That’s it. The other pets have slightly weaker battle power, so I won’t send them.”

As Shi Yu finished speaking, on the other side, after seeing Shi Yu, a Level 8 Beast Tamer, send out six demigod battle powers, the Phoenix Man and the Star Phoenix were already stunned.

“This is impossible,” they couldn’t help but say.

The Ancient God Golden Bull also widened his bull eyes with a stunned expression. When the gods and spirits saw Shi Yu’s posture, they were all moved.

Holy shit, this was too much.

Was this really Shi Yu, a low-level Beast Tamer, challenging a higher-level Beast Tamer??

Why did they feel that something was wrong?

In short, the Phoenix Man and the Star Phoenix were stunned. Although they recalled that as the strongest Beast Tamer on Blue Planet, Shi Yu would be stronger than ordinary legendary Beast Tamers, his strength should be limited.

After all, according to their understanding, the legendaries of the Blue Planet didn’t even have the ability to nurture demigod-level battle power.

As the strongest Beast Tamer, it was enough for Shi Yu to have two demigod battle powers.

However, who would have thought that Shi Yu would take out six demigod battle powers at once?

Was he playing with them?

“This, this, this, this.” This was the first time Zi Lan, the disciple of the Space Emperor, had seen such a ridiculous Level 8 Beast Tamer. Even on the floating planet, she had never seen a Level 8 Beast Tamer with the battle power of multiple demigods.

At Level 9, she might be able to find them, such as the Space Emperor and Lin Feng at that time, but at Level 8, she had never seen them before.

“Ha… Ha, let’s just say that this kid is very abnormal. Although you guys come from a big place, the Blue Planet also has monsters not inferior to starry sky geniuses,” the Ancient God Golden Bull, who was a rough person, said dryly.

It was mainly because the stronger Shi Yu was, the less unjust his loss to him was!

“Qi Mu…”

At this moment, Zi Lan was unable to predict the battle’s outcome.

Although the Phoenix Man had a huge individual battle power advantage, the other party had too many people of the same level. Six demigods could indeed pose a threat to him.

However… he shouldn’t lose, right?

“Well, we’re going to attack,” Shi Yu shouted.

At this moment, the Phoenix man could be said to be extremely serious. He no longer had his previous arrogance.

However, apart from being serious, he was also encouraging himself. Although Shi Yu had displayed the battle power of six demigods, the Phoenix man could also tell that a few of them had demigod battle power temporarily obtained with skills.

With his and Feng Jiu’s combined strength, they should be invincible on the Blue Planet. Then it shouldn’t be difficult to defeat those six demigods one by one. It wasn’t a big problem.

In short, he couldn’t lose a battle against a Level 8 Beast Tamer on a low-level planet, right?

If he did, how could he face his companions or return to the Floating Planet…

“Come on,” the Phoenix man shouted, his warpath raised. As expected of Lord Lin Feng’s home planet. So there was such a genius, but he wouldn’t admit defeat!

“Taiji Domain, open!” On the other side, as the battle began, Shi Yu directly activated the mind domain he had developed.

“Eleven, Yin Yang Millstone.”

It used its strongest unique skill to test the strength of the enemy.

As Shi Yu’s Psychic Eye spun, a strong domain bloomed from his body. With him as the center, it quickly formed a domain that enveloped the world.

In an instant, an incomparably huge spinning Taiji Painting appeared in the sky and ground.

The Phoenix man and the Star Phoenix were stunned. Their expressions changed as they instantly felt their bloodlines being suppressed.