Chapter 1241 - 1241 The Look Of The Starry Sky (1)

1241 The Look of the Starry Sky (1)

Under the lead of the World Tree clone, the eight guests from the starry sky followed it to the Blue Planet and descended on Inatella.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

When they transmigrated to the atmosphere, the eight guests from the starry sky immediately sensed that their strength was suppressed.

Among them, the golden-haired and blue-eyed man who contracted the angel said, “In such a broken world, I’m afraid they can’t even cultivate a slightly powerful demigod, let alone a divine being.”

“I feel that any battle on this planet will cause the color of the world to change, causing an impact worldwide.”

“Cut it out. Don’t you know that the mother planet is still recovering?” The angel with platinum wings said elegantly, “If the mother planet can nurture an expert like Master God, then after its recovery, it’ll surely ascend to become an advanced planet.”

“Sorry, sorry, Lord Blue Planet, I didn’t mean anything else.” The golden-haired man scratched his head with a smile.

In theory, the Blue Planet was the mother planet of the Angel Race, but it wasn’t his. He was only a descendant of the Cosmic Human Race who joined the Angel Race later.

Blue Planet was considered a relative.

After enduring countless hardships, he finally arrived on the Blue Planet. He originally wanted to spar with the powerful beings from his mother planet, but it seemed better not to. Setting aside whether this place was suitable for battles or not, under such fragmented laws, it was unlikely that any strong beings could be cultivated here.

“Lord Blue Planet, if you can contact the World King Planet, there might be a way for you to accelerate your restoration,” the female succubus said with a faint smile. However, she couldn’t help but wonder in her heart whether they could truly find any geniuses in such a low-level planet system back in their own clan.

She felt that she could defeat all the invincible people on Blue Planet alone… Apart from the Blue Planet’s Will clone in front of her.

The World Tree was still strong. Even if a top-notch god suppressed it to the demigod level, they might not necessarily be its match. After all, its main body was the Blue Planet itself.

The World Tree clone sighed, feeling rejected.

At the side, the mature woman with long black hair and the Phoenix man who had contracted the Star Phoenix were relatively calm. To be precise, the two of them, including the sacrificed teammate, weren’t on the same team as the other two.

The three of them were followers of the human faction established by the Space Emperor and Lin Feng. Although their pets came from the Dragon, the Phoenix, and the Kirin races, and both parties were in an equal contract relationship, they were still led by humans this time and mainly came to help Dong Huang.

As for the other two parties, they came from the Blue Planet’s Angel Race and the Demon Race. They were led by transcendent lives, and their goals were different.

“Lord Blue Planet, I wonder if Dong Huang, the hometown of Teacher and Lord Lin Feng, is alright?” Zi Lan, the captain of the few of them, asked.

The World Tree clone said, “Dong Huang… is developing very well.”

Zi Lan heaved a sigh of relief. This way, after their teacher and Lord Lin Feng learn about it, they should be able to relax.

…

Inatella.

Shi Yu and the seven gods sleeping here looked at the eight experts brought by the World Tree clone in a daze. Just now, they had already learned from the World Tree clone that the newcomers weren’t enemies.

Instead, they were the Blue Planet’s experts who left and ventured into the universe, eventually returning with knowledge of the universe’s starry sky.

“Oh?” After this group of aliens descended to Inatella, they also observed the awakened gods of Inatella curiously.

“Let me introduce you.”

The World Tree clone immediately introduced themselves to each other. First, it introduced the origin of this group of aliens again, and then it introduced the sleeping gods.

This made the group of people sigh. Sealing and slumbering truly turned out to be an effective method, allowing them to survive for so long.

The Ancestral Dragon, Yuan Feng, and the top divine ancestors who had left the Blue Planet were all dead. However, this group of low-level gods was actually still alive.

“This is Shi Yu. At the moment, he’s the strongest Beast Tamer on the Blue Planet and is also from Dong Huang. He’s currently cultivating with me.” The World Tree clone introduced Shi Yu, who immediately attracted everyone’s attention more than an awakened god.

This was because they knew that those who remained on the Blue Planet were only junior gods, and the divine skills they had mastered during their peak were only entry-level. Perhaps even in their prime, they might not be able to defeat those who ventured out. Apart from having a bit more experience, there was nothing else worthy of attention. They were all at the bottom of the Mythical Era.

They were different from the Beast Tamers who could become the strongest Beast Tamers on the Blue Planet in the Cultivationless Age. One was the last tier of an era, and the other was the top tier of an era. Obviously, the latter was more worth paying attention to.

Especially since Shi Yu looked so young…

Moreover, he also came from the same country as the Space Emperor and Lin Feng, shocking everyone.

Not to mention these guys, even the Ancient God Golden Bull and the other gods were shocked. They looked at Shi Yu and wondered when he had become the strongest Beast Tamer on the Blue Planet.

Not long ago, wasn’t he only the strongest in the younger generation… However, when they thought of this kid’s terrifying talent and the favorable opinion of the World Tree, they came to terms with it.

Only the Ancient God Golden Bull fell into deep thought.

Why does it feel like this guy’s growth speed is faster than my restoration?

“You’re from Dong Huang??” The long-haired mature sister, Zi Lan, looked at Shi Yu, who wore a shy expression and had a cute panda lying on his shoulder, with a very surprised expression on her face.

She remembered that Lord Lin Feng had told her that the ruler of Dong Huang should be a mechanical old man named Divine Source. Moreover, Divine Source Legendary couldn’t be considered the number one Beast Tamer on the Blue Planet. She didn’t expect that after a hundred years, the Blue Planet and Dong Huang would have already undergone such a huge change.

“Sister, are you Senior Space Emperor’s disciple? Hello, I’ve been looking up to Senior Space Emperor for a long time. I’m still good friends with the second team pet, the Void Mantis, that Senior Space Emperor left on the Blue Planet. I also know some of the descendants of Senior Space Emperor,” Shi Yu said warmly.