Chapter 1248 - 1248 The Alien'S Mentality Collapsed (3)

1248 The Alien’s Mentality Collapsed (3)

Shi Yu could also understand this. After all, Feng Jiu should be a natural Mythical Race with multiple quasi-divine skills. Just nurturing such a top-notch contracted beast would consume countless resources.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The few Beast Taming Talents of the Phoenix Man should also be tailored for cultivating in tandem with the Star Phoenix.

In short, at this moment, when he heard that the opponent only had one contracted beast and that the other party didn’t mind him sending out all his contracted pets, Shi Yu was slightly more confident in this battle.

Sigh, he didn’t have a pet with three quasi-divine skills. The quality wasn’t enough. Fortunately, he could make up for it with numbers.

Shi Yu didn’t believe that Eleven and the others couldn’t defeat the other party when they attacked together.

They weren’t to be trifled with either.

If Shi Yu remembered correctly, divine-level talents seemed to be very rare in the universe, but he had mastered them at Level 6. This was his advantage.

Between him and the cosmic Beast Tamer, it was still uncertain who was stronger.

“Then let’s begin.”

The Phoenix Man landed on the ground. For the time being, he had no intention of fusing with the Star Phoenix and entering the strongest mode.

He planned to let the Star Phoenix fight Shi Yu and the others one-on-one first.

“Send out your contracted beasts.” The Star Phoenix flew in front of the Phoenix man and looked at Shi Yu, who had landed opposite it.

Shi Yu was silent… Then he… would really send out all his pets!

Don’t blame him for bullying them!

Under the gazes of Zi Lan, President Lin, the gem cat girl, and many gods…

Shi Yu’s short black hair swayed slightly with the wind, and his expression became serious. At the same time, five huge red summoning star arrays appeared around his body!

“Come out, everyone.”

One, two, three, four, five… six…!

This number made Zi Lan, Phoenix Man, and the others nod.

It looked like Shi Yu wasn’t that greedy to nurture eight pets.

How could he nurture all eight of them?

The resources needed to break through to the divine level were almost a sea of resources. One was enough.

Nurturing two was basically equivalent to saying goodbye to a super level pet in the universe.

Next, it depended on the cultivation level of Shi Yu’s pets.

A white Rubik’s Cube appeared in the first array.

Because it wanted to fight, Ling left its energy-efficient form and directly revealed the powerful fluctuations of the Mythical Race at the overlord level.

“Mechanic.” The Phoenix man didn’t care. He sensed that Ling wasn’t very strong.

Therefore, this was the disadvantage of contracting multiple pets. It couldn’t be helped that not all of them would be very powerful.

However, as the strongest Beast Tamer on Blue Planet, he didn’t believe that Shi Yu didn’t have more tricks up his sleeve.

As expected, as Ling was the first to come out of the summoning array beside Shi Yu, it directly armed Shi Yu’s body and turned into a tactical eyepiece!

Shi Yu pressed the tactical eyepiece slightly and moved it in front of him.

Boom!!!

His aura began to climb steadily. Nine-colored light spread in his eyes, and his perception of the outside world reached an extreme state.

“Ling, activate support battle mode.”

“This is…”

After Ling loaded itself onto Shi Yu, in addition to Shi Yu’s terrifying body that had been trained to the extreme, Zi Lan, the Phoenix Man, and the Inatella Gods were surprised to discover that Shi Yu’s aura was actually comparable to that of a demigod.

Although it was a weaker demigod, the Phoenix man was still very surprised to see this. After all, Shi Yu was only Level 8.

“What a strong physique. The fusion compatibility between the two parties is quite high.”

“That’s the nine-colored divine light,” the Holy Divine Deer said.

With the enhancement of the skill and the fusion of the Beast Tamer, have both parties actually temporarily reached demigod battle power?

Zi Lan and the Phoenix Man both acknowledged Shi Yu.

In fact, Shi Yu only wanted Ling to be a support at this moment.

After all, his current state wasn’t very good. He needed the gentle, nine-colored divine light to strengthen him!

Then, to Zi Lan and the Phoenix man’s surprise, with a hum, an invisible wind of luck wrapped around Shi Yu.

Seeing this, Zi Lan was shocked. “Isn’t this… the race divine skill of the Wind Kirin that has already been exterminated in the Kirin Race, the Wind of Blessing?”

The inheritance of the Wind Kirin still exists on the Blue Planet???

The Phoenix Man was also astonished. Showcasing the prototype of a divine skill coupled with the energy fluctuations of the demigod level, without a doubt, the Shi Yu before them could be considered to possess the power of a demigod.

In addition, he had other pets…

No wonder he was the strongest Beast Tamer on the Blue Planet.

“Roar!!!” After Ling’s appearance, the sky darkened. The Green Dragon, Buggy, flew out of the sky array. Under the flickering of the starlight, the shocking dragon roar made the pupils of the Star Dragon beside it shrink and look over.

The Star Phoenix was also suddenly shocked by Buggy’s aura eruption. Under the multiple enhancements of quasi-divine skills, faith skills, and cosmic life physiques, Buggy’s individual foundation was barely passable.

The pressure it gave Phoenix Man and the others was undoubtedly that of a demigod.

“Another demigod-level battle power…” At this moment, the Phoenix man was stunned.

So that was the case. He was a demigod and had a demigod dragon. No wonder he could become the strongest Beast Tamer.

As for the two demigods, he suddenly felt that this battle could be slightly more interesting.

However, in the next moment, the expressions of the Phoenix Man and the Star Phoenix changed.

“Jiu!!!!!”

The summoning array appeared in the sky once again. Under the spreading of the Sun Flame, the terrifying temperature inside rose, as if it could burn everything. A Sun Vermillion Bird flew out and released the powerful power of fire. Its energy fluctuations were close to those of a demigod, but it was only a clone.

On its body stood a beautiful girl with a cold expression. She held a red sword and looked down at the Star Phoenix and the Phoenix Man from a high place. A demigod-level sword intent erupted.