Chapter 1244 - 1244 The Look Of The Starry Sky (4)

1244 The Look of the Starry Sky (4)

Zi Lan said, “Here’s the thing. My suggestion is to distribute them to the strongest humans and let the demigods with the strongest battle power sign an equal contract with them. There are many opportunities on the World King Planet. Only by sending them there can we potentially gain greater rewards.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“The resources on Teacher and the others’ side aren’t very sufficient for this return. It might be a little difficult to rely on them alone in this plan.”

“We also need the experts of the Blue Planet to work hard themselves.”

“Among them, according to Teacher’s request, at least two of the five Teleportation Key Stones have to be assigned to Dong Huang.”

“Little Brother Shi Yu, do you have any thoughts of exploring the starry sky?” Zi Lan asked Shi Yu with a smile.

“Of course,” Shi Yu said. Eleven, who was on his shoulder, also cried out. It felt even more motivated.

“Teacher and the others will definitely be very happy to see a young genius like you. You became the strongest Beast Tamer on the Blue Planet at such a young age. After arriving at World King Planet, your improvement speed will definitely be faster,” Zi Lan said. “According to what I know, there’s still a significant gap between the cultivation systems on the Blue Planet and those of the human race in the starry sky of the universe.”

“Therefore, you still have a lot of room for improvement. Your future is promising.”

Shi Yu: …

Was she implying that he was very lousy now?

“Is there anything different?” Shi Yu couldn’t help but ask.

The Phoenix man beside Shi Yu looked at him and said, “Beast Tamers on the Blue Planet should only have one Beast Taming Ability, right? Lord Space Emperor and Lord Lin Feng seemed to be like this at the start.”

Shi Yu and the others were stunned. Could it be…

“In the Cosmic Sea, humans can cultivate freely. Although their cultivation speed and final battle power are inferior to other races, they are the race with the best strength system.”

“In the words of the Blue Planet, a Beast Tamer can rely on himself to cultivate two, three, four, five, or even 10 types of Beast Taming Talents. Apart from being born with Beast Taming Talents, they can also rely on themselves to cultivate additional talents the day after tomorrow to assist in contracting the target or strengthening themselves.”

“For example, Captain Zi Lan, the strongest among the few of us, developed four Beast Taming Talents in depth. Among them, she has even cultivated spatial strengthening talent to the level of a ‘quasi-divine skill’. On a low-level planet, she should be able to easily trigger the sound of laws and strengthen an ordinary totem-level spatial life form to possess the power of a demigod.”

“If used with other Beast Taming Talents, its battle power will be even stronger.”

The Phoenix Man even looked at the Star Dragon. This big guy had four quasi-divine skills.

Coupled with Zi Lan, it should be a crushing battle power for the life forms on this planet.

He felt that it was the limit for the demigods of this planet to have two quasi-divine skills. If there were more, they would be severely suppressed by the laws of the world and couldn’t advance further.

Zi Lan smiled and said, “Teacher taught me well.”

When the Phoenix man finished speaking, Shi Yu was stunned.

A Beast Tamer can have dozens of Beast Taming Talents? Isn’t this purely cheating!

“Multiple Beast Taming Talents? Quasi-divine-level Beast Taming Talent? Then, isn’t this considered invincible?” Shi Yu couldn’t help but say.

The Ancient God Golden Bull and the other gods looked at Shi Yu. Holy shit, wasn’t this talking about Shi Yu?

In their opinion, Shi Yu’s telepathy, the World Tree Domain, and the Taiji Domain that could trigger the sound of laws were no different from multiple Beast Taming Talents.

This was also why they felt that Shi Yu was more monstrous than other Beast Tamers.

So such Beast Tamers were everywhere in the starry sky of the universe?

However, why was Shi Yu so shocked? This little girl could only let the spatial strengthening talent touch the sound of laws as a Level 9 Legendary Beast Tamer. Shi Yu himself had already done it at Level 6.

Could he look himself in the eye first?

Although they were shocked by the power of the cosmic Beast Tamer, these gods also felt that Shi Yu was even more ridiculous.

They began to wonder if he was a native human of the Blue Planet.

Zi Lan smiled. “It’s alright. Time and energy are necessary to cultivate. Ordinary people can only cultivate three to four abilities to use together.”

The World Tree was also silent at the side. The humans who had transformed into native life forms on the Blue Planet were indeed inferior to the initial batch of Human Seeds brought back by Goddess Wa.

That batch of Human Seeds had stronger talent potential and had become like this because, at that time, the Blue Planet couldn’t nurture humans of this level and didn’t have enough planetary resources.

“In short, at that time, as a newbie on the World King Planet, you will have many opportunities to become stronger. If you grasp it, advancing to the divine level will definitely not be a problem,” Zi Lan said.

“Lord Blue Planet.” Zi Lan looked at the World Tree and said, “That’s all. Next, I wonder how you plan to arrange things.”

The World Tree clone sighed in its heart and said, “You guys rest on the Blue Planet first. I’ll condense a cosmic crystal first. In the Blue Planet’s current state, it’ll probably take a while to condense only one.”

“I have to focus my attention on condensing a cosmic crystal. I can’t entertain you anymore.”

“It’s alright.” Zi Lan expressed that there was no problem. “Then we’ll rest on the Blue Planet first. We can go to the ancestral lands of the various races to take a look first.”

“Little Brother Shi Yu, please take us to Dong Huang.”

“As for the two of them, they should be going to the west. Just let them go over themselves.”

In the face of Zi Lan’s words, the angel man and the female demon shrugged.

Because this mission was led by the Space Emperor, the Space Emperor’s disciple was the captain.