Chapter 1247 - 1247 The Alien'S Mentality Collapsed (2)

1247 The Alien’s Mentality Collapsed (2)

“What!” After Shi Yu introduced them, President Lin was shocked.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“This is President Lin, Senior Lin Feng’s great-grandson. He’s now the president of the Beast Tamer Association of Dong Huang. This is Teacher Ying, the strongest guardian of Dong Huang.” Shi Yu also introduced him to Zi Lan and the others.

“You’re Lord Lin Feng’s great-grandson?” Upon hearing President Lin’s identity, Zi Lan and the Phoenix man were both very surprised.

At this moment, President Lin and the gem cat girl were stunned. They had the same thought as Shi Yu.

The owl… The owl’s premonition was right again???

No, it shouldn’t be a prediction about the future. From the timeline, it looked like the owl had spied on the past and seen the Space Emperor and Lin Feng handing the key stones to these people.

What’s wrong with the owl?

Is he on steroids? He’s so impressive.

“And these gods also plan to come to Dong Huang to stay for a few days,” Shi Yu said.

“I’m Lin Xiao. Welcome, everyone.” At this moment, President Lin was shocked. Although Divine Source Legendary was sleeping, he had already decided to wake the old man up later.

This world was about to change.

Sensing the powerful auras on the Starry Dragon Phoenix, Zi Lan, and Qi Mu, he felt that these two young people were stronger than any Legendary Beast Tamer he had ever seen.

Great-grandfather… What level of expert had his great-grandfather become in the universe?

And Inatella’s gods were also here… President Lin took a deep breath and was extremely excited. He felt that Dong Huang’s rise was already unstoppable!

“This place isn’t suitable to receive everyone. Let’s go to Dong Huang first,” President Lin said.

“There’s no hurry. Qi Mu and Little Brother Shi Yu still have to spar.” Zi Lan smiled and said, “Let’s do it here. There’s basically no one around.”

President Lin and the gem cat: ???

They looked at Shi Yu.

President Lin opened his mouth slightly and felt a headache. His heart almost stopped.

Shi Yu, Shi Yu, aren’t they guests? Why do you want to fight them the moment they arrived?

Furthermore, didn’t you just fight five demigods? Can your body take it!

“Come on, come on.” The earth-element Lie Shanjun, the big tiger, looked down, and its eyes lit up.

With a boom, a huge island was pulled out of the sea.

“I’ll build a venue for you.”

Shi Yu looked at it and said, “Thank you.”

Lie Shanjun: “You’re welcome.”

In midair, Zi Lan said, “Qi Mu is at Level 9. Little Brother Shi Yu, you’re at Level 8. This spar is a little unfair to you, so I’ll reveal some information about him to you.”

Shi Yu looked at the Phoenix man.

Qi Mu: “Go ahead.”

Zi Lan smiled and said, “He mainly cultivates four abilities. One is fire-element strengthening, the other is light-element strengthening, the other is fusion, and the other is star flame. It’s a relatively normal ability configuration among contractors in the Cosmic Sea.”

“He has also cultivated other skills such as telepathy and spiritual power, but he doesn’t major in them, and doesn’t use them well. Only those four were developed to his current level.”

He had four Beast Taming Talents?

No, it was more than four!

President Lin and the gem cat, who still didn’t know that cosmic Beast Tamers could have multiple Beast Taming Talents, were stunned.

Wait, this worked?

“His partner, Feng Jiu, is at the demigod level. She has mastered three quasi-divine skills, one fire-element attack-type quasi-divine skill, one light-element attack-type quasi-divine skill, and one defensive-type quasi-divine skill to strengthen the Phoenix bloodline and body.”

“When they partner up, they’re very strong. Even Lord Lin Feng acknowledges them very much.”

Zi Lan introduced with a smile, wanting to see Shi Yu’s shocked expression.

Shi Yu was indeed very shocked. Three quasi-divine skills…

They weren’t easy opponents.

President Lin and the gem cat started to have toothaches.

Damn, just now, they were still worried if it would be bad for Shi Yu to bully the person sent by the Space Emperor and the others.

But now, when President Lin heard the other party’s ability configuration, he felt that it was ridiculous.

This ability configuration was completely overpowering experts on the Blue Planet indiscriminately.

“Don’t worry, we’ll show mercy,” the Star Phoenix said.

“Don’t be nervous. Relax. Just treat it as a normal spar,” the Phoenix man said.

Shi Yu was stunned. “There’s no need.”

“We’re not weak either.”

President Lin and the others pursed their lips. Indeed.

Although Shi Yu didn’t have a pet that had mastered three quasi-divine skills, he had four demigod-level pets that had mastered one quasi-divine skill each.

Previously, the way the Green Dragon effortlessly dealt with five demigods seemed anything but merciful or lenient.

“Alright.” The Phoenix man smiled.

“I remember that the contract system on the Blue Planet is used to a Beast Tamer contracting multiple pets, right?” Zi Lan asked.

“Yes, this is the Beast Taming System of the Human Nation.” Shi Yu nodded.

“That’s what Teacher and Lord Lin Feng said too. But in the Cosmic Sea, for various reasons, more humans only contract one beast and then concentrate on resources and energy to nurture it.”

“In this way, the strength of both parties can actually increase faster,” Zi Lan said.

“I learned from Teacher that the Legendary Beast Tamers on the Blue Planet basically haven’t cultivated demigod-level pets, but in the Cosmic Sea, although humans only contract one beast at the legendary level, the contracted Beast Tamer basically has demigod battle power… There are very few who haven’t reached the demigod level.”

“One pursues numbers, while the other pursues elite cultivation. They’re considered two different directions.”

“Therefore, if Little Brother Shi Yu has also contracted many pets, you can send them all out next to fight Qi Mu, Feng Jiu, and the others. Only then will it be fair.”

“They’re a pair, but you don’t have to fight 1v1.”

“Then I won’t hold back.” Shi Yu smiled.