Chapter 1254 - 1254 The Alien'S Mentality Collapsed (9)

1254 The Alien’s Mentality Collapsed (9)

The female succubus smiled and said, “Although Shi Yu is very strong in your eyes, he’s completely insignificant in the starry sky of the universe. For example, in our team this time, even the weakest angel man can crush him.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Don’t you think so, Lily?” She looked at the woman beside her.

“Wu…” The other alien nodded in confusion. Weren’t they the weakest?

Regarding their words, the demon demigod couldn’t deny it. It had already decided to cozy up to this group of aliens ruthlessly.

This group of people was indeed very strong.

Just looking at them made it feel powerless to resist.

This was something it didn’t even feel when facing those demigod-level awakening gods.

He felt that even those gods would be insta-killed by the demon woman in front of him.

Was the extraterrestrial civilization really so terrifying?

But at this moment…

Boom.

In the east, the battle fluctuations of another space were also transmitted here, causing the entire Demon Kingdom to tremble and shocking the demon demigod.

At this moment, the female contractor also quickly got up and looked into the distance in disbelief.

“We’ve lost contact with Qi Mu and Feng Jiu.”

“They should have lost consciousness.”

“What happened?”

In order to avoid any accidents, the few team members heading to the Blue Planet had built telepathy in advance. If an accident happened on one side, the other parties could sense it.

“An accident?”

What could happen on the Blue Planet?

The female succubus couldn’t understand.

[There’s no need to be nervous.] Just as the Succubus Queen of the Demon Kingdom, the Angel Man of Rongguang, and the others sensed that something had happened to the Phoenix Man, Zi Lan’s heavy voice sounded, and she immediately explained.

[I just got Qi Mu to spar with Shi Yu… I just didn’t expect him to lose.]

[Keep a low profile and don’t be too arrogant. The Blue Planet is filled with crouching tigers and hidden dragons. This Shi Yu… is very strong.]

“How is that possible?” The female succubus and the others spoke in unison, unable to believe what they were hearing.

What a joke.

What exactly happened over there?

How could Shi Yu defeat the Phoenix Man?

Among the four of them, although the Phoenix Man’s strength ranking wasn’t at the top, he could still be ranked third, even stronger than their demon combination.

If the Phoenix Man lost, didn’t that mean that they weren’t a match for the strongest Beast Tamer on Blue Planet?

“Lord, what happened?” the Fallen Angel Prince asked carefully.

The female succubus suddenly looked at it and asked, “Let me ask you, what’s wrong with that Shi Yu? Is his battle power really as simple as defeating two demigods?”

Under the terrifying demon pressure, the Fallen Angel Prince was shocked. “Lord, that’s his latest battle information. He improved too quickly. He became the strongest in just four years after becoming a Beast Tamer. We don’t know how much strength he’s hiding.”

“By the way, when he defeated the two demigods, he should still be a Level 8 Beast Tamer. If he breaks through to the legendary level, he might become stronger.”

Upon hearing that, the female succubus was stunned. He had only been a Beast Tamer for four years, but he had become the strongest on a planet?

What kind of cosmic joke was this?

“I want his detailed information,” another alien immediately said solemnly.

The Demon Kingdom naturally gathered information about Shi Yu. Soon, the female succubus and the others obtained the information they wanted. They wouldn’t have known if they hadn’t looked at it, but they were immediately shocked.

Because there was a line that surprisingly said that at the level of a Level 6 Beast Tamer, he had activated the divine-level talent that triggered the sound of top-notch laws and assisted his pet in defeating the Enfeebled Divine Spirit that had fallen to the overlord level.

“He mastered a divine-level talent at Level 6…?” The female succubus widened her eyes and received the information with a look of disbelief.

Her breathing quickened. How could a human reach this level? She didn’t believe that this was a Blue Planet person!

…

“Why are you guys fighting again!!”

The World Tree wanted to cry now. When it sent Shi Yu and the others away, it clearly saw that Shi Yu was very obedient and was very close to this group of aliens.

Why did they fight in the blink of an eye, and Shi Yu even beat him up?

It took on Baby Ginseng’s mission and treated Shi Yu, the others, and the Phoenix Man.

“Cough, cough.” The Phoenix Man and the Star Phoenix crawled up with depressed expressions.

They looked at Shi Yu with incomprehensible gazes.

“I requested it, but… I wanted to see Little Brother Shi Yu’s strength. Then, I didn’t expect…” Zi Lan was silent. She didn’t expect them to be played instead.

She had just bragged about how powerful the alien Beast Taming System was, but in the blink of an eye, their people were beaten up by a lower-level opponent. If this news spread, no one would probably believe it.

“Well, Shi Yu’s strength is indeed not bad.” The World Tree didn’t deny it.

Now, it had already placed its hope of the Blue Planet’s rise on Shi Yu.

It felt like Shi Yu should be a mutant.

It should be atavistic.

It felt like his talent potential was much stronger than that of ordinary Blue Planet people now.

It was definitely comparable to the batch of Human Seeds that Goddess Wa brought back at the start.

“His strength is alright, right?” The World Tree was very excited to see Shi Yu beat up the aliens.

It suddenly felt like cosmic civilizations were only so-so.

As expected of my child.

The corners of Zi Lan’s mouth twitched. It was alright…

Considering Shi Yu’s age, he was simply a monster, alright?

The group of them was already close to 40 years old, while Shi Yu was only in his early 20s!

Its potential couldn’t be said to be small.