Chapter 1256 - 1256 The Dragon God Abdicates, Buggy Ascends (1)

1256 The Dragon God Abdicates, Buggy Ascends (1)

“Green Dragon, Cosmos God…”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

As Shi Yu and the others were chatting, a voice sounded.

The battle just happened above the sea area of Dragon Palace City. The Dragon God naturally sensed it long ago.

She revealed her figure and appeared beside the gem cat.

They had clearly heard some of Shi Yu and the others’ conversation just now.

“Senior Dragon God, you’re here too,” President Lin Xiao immediately said when he saw this.

“Senior Dragon God, it shouldn’t have affected Dragon Palace City, right? I especially got Buggy to activate its domain,” Shi Yu couldn’t help but say when he saw the Dragon God come out.

Phoenix Man: “?”

Was he being polite?

He was still controlling the battle fluctuations?

Also, Buggy? He looked at the Green Dragon in the sky. This was the name for the Green Dragon that had evolved to this level?

How could he do this?

If he were the Green Dragon, he would definitely rebel.

Buggy: 0.0

“Of course, it’s affected,” the Dragon God said.

Shi Yu: “Then it’s alright… How’s the situation in Dragon Palace City?”

The Dragon God said, “It’s all thanks to Lord World Tree. The injured have all recovered, the dead have all revived, and the damaged buildings have completely recovered.”

The World Tree clone said, “It’s only right… In addition, I also blessed these creatures. It’ll be easier for them to break through the bottleneck next.”

“This is…” Zi Lan looked at the Dragon God and thought for a moment before saying, “Senior Dragon God of Dragon Palace City?”

The Dragon God nodded slightly and looked at this cosmic Beast Tamer.

Zi Lan said excitedly, “Hello, Senior Dragon God. I’m a disciple of the Space Emperor. Teacher asked me to greet you and invited you to go to the Cosmic Sea if you have the chance.”

The seniority of the Dragon God was relatively high. Be it the Space Emperor, Divine Source Legendary, or Lin Feng, they were all considered juniors who had obtained the help of the Dragon God.

“If there’s a chance, yes.” The Dragon God nodded.

They also felt that it was unbelievable. So the previous starry sky fluctuations were actually sent by the Space Emperor and Lin Feng.

“I just heard that the Green Dragon is suspected to be a cosmic god from the last cosmic era. Is that true?” the Dragon God said.

“That should be the case. Although they’re all archeological discoveries, it’s basically the consensus of cosmic civilization,” the Star Dragon said.

The Dragon God looked at Shi Yu and Buggy and said, “Shi Yu, are you interested in the position of Dragon God in Dragon Palace City? With my current strength, I might no longer be able to manage Dragon Palace City. Why don’t I leave this position of Dragon God to that little guy?”

“Cosmos God, Green Dragon, it’s not a disgrace to the inheritance left behind by the Ancestral Dragon.”

“Roar?” The Green Dragon, Buggy, was stunned.

“Ah, really? It’s not impossible,” Shi Yu said.

President Lin and the gem cat: “?”

Why did he agree so quickly?

Didn’t he know to be polite?

Shi Yu understood what the Dragon God meant. If the other party did this, he could legitimately establish the Green Dragon Faith in Dragon Palace City.

If there was still the revival of the ancient divine dragon, with the current strength of the Dragon God, it would indeed be impossible to suppress it. Even the Dragon God Ruins might be occupied.

In that case, the Dragon Dog thought it was better to directly give it to someone she knew. Shi Yu was undoubtedly the best choice.

No revival god could defeat the Green Dragon.

When the World Tree clone saw this, it was slightly stunned. Alright, Shi Yu and the others could do whatever they wanted.

Even if the Ancestral Dragon was revived, if it knew that its inheritance Dragon Palace had been occupied by the Green Dragon, it probably wouldn’t have a temper.

After all, the Green Dragon was two levels higher than the Ancestral Dragon. Who would have thought?

Perhaps after arriving in the universe, even the Ancestral Dragon evolved towards the Green Dragon.

“Then Buggy, go back to Dragon Palace City with Senior Dragon God. If there’s nothing else, don’t come back first,” Shi Yu said to Buggy.

The family no longer has money to support you, Buggy.

Buggy: Roar???

Shi Yu frowned.

Are you stupid? We’ve never explored the Dragon God Ruins before. There’s a pile of legendary and mythical resources inside!

If there’s no food, you can go to Dragon Palace City to find food yourself.

Buggy: So that’s the case!!!

“Then, I’ll leave with it first.” The Dragon God looked at Buggy and bid farewell to everyone present.

“Senior Dragon God, I’ll visit later,” President Lin said.

“Me too,” Zi Lan and the Phoenix Man said. After that, they also wanted to visit Lin Feng’s second team pet.

Everyone bid farewell, and the Dragon God brought the excited Buggy to Dragon Palace City to ascend the throne.

No matter what Buggy thought, it didn’t expect that it would actually go from a Green Silkworm to the Lord of Dragon Palace City.

…

In Dragon Palace City.

After experiencing the Dragon Palace’s coup, the revival of casualties, and everything going back, all the creatures were still in a stunned state.

Under the Dragon God’s command, the few Dragon Kings organized themselves and gathered in the Dragon Palace.

Just now, the Dragon God said that there was a big matter to announce. The various Dragon Kings guessed that it should be related to this Dragon Palace coup.

At this moment, even the Sea Dragon King, who had run to seek help, still didn’t know how the Dragon Palace’s coup had been resolved.

It didn’t understand why those casualties would be directly revived.

“It should have been Shi Yu who helped,” the Ice Dragon King said proudly.

“Hmph, I knew that three-headed guy was over once it dared to hit me.”

“Oh yeah.” The little white dragon followed behind the Sea Dragon King and the Azure Dragon King and said happily. It had to be Senior Shi Yu!

“Looks like it should be. When I went to Dong Huang, Shi Yu wasn’t around, but if we could successfully resolve it, Shi Yu must have returned.” The Sea Dragon King sighed.

It wasn’t impossible for Shi Yu, the Dragon God, Divine Source Legendary, and the others to defeat the three demigods together.

At this moment, the Sea Dragon King, Ice Dragon King, Thunder Dragon King, and his son, Gold Dragon King, and his son, as well as the families of the Turtle and the Little Quas Snake, were all present.