Chapter 1259 - 1259 Shi Yu, Dragon Emperor, Dragon God (1)

1259 Shi Yu, Dragon Emperor, Dragon God (1)

In Dragon Palace City, Shi Yu and the Dragon God agreed to set off for the spatial ruins in a day.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

At that moment, the new Dragon God of Dragon Palace City, Green Dragon Buggy, had already carved its statue into a pile of dragon statues.

Moreover, it was the most conspicuous position, the center spot.

Apart from that, it also created faith clones through the Creation Domain and spread them all over the Dragon Palace. When it wasn’t around, it protected Dragon Palace City.

It was similar to the faith clone of the Fox God of the Heavenly Fox Nation previously.

After all, Buggy couldn’t stay in the Dragon Palace forever. Cloning to work was clearly the most classic method.

As long as the power of faith the Dragon Palace had for it was strong enough, this faith clone could receive the power of many believers and easily defeat demigod-level enemies.

Eleven and the others were the happiest when Buggy ascended the throne. They enjoyed the delicacies of the Dragon Palace.

After a few days, Shi Yu’s backpack was empty again. The resources he harvested from the empress era, such as the Sun Flame Flower, were used for Chi Tong’s evolution. For example, the wind-element Phoenix Heart was packed for Senior Lu.

Now, there was only one Teleportation Key Stone left. In the blink of an eye, he was extremely poor.

Shi Yu had yet to study this Teleportation Key Stone when someone informed him of its usage. He didn’t plan to let Ling continue researching, but he didn’t plan to keep it in his hand.

He wanted to find an opportunity to send it back to the empress. After all, as long as he contacted the Space Emperor, the Blue Planet wouldn’t lack Teleportation Key Stones. There was no need for Shi Yu to use this risky Teleportation Key Stone.

This Teleportation Key Stone belonged to the World King Planet in another space and time. If he activated the teleportation in this space and time, it would be fine if it could succeed, but if it failed, who knew what the consequences would be?

If he died during the teleportation, it would be too much.

Since he didn’t lack any more, there was no need for Shi Yu to take this risk. It was better to keep it for the empress to use herself.

“The few of you, if you’re full, sleep. Save energy!”

In the Dragon Palace hall, Shi Yu looked at Eleven and the others who were eating unsteadily at the banquet and warned.

“Wu wu wu…” Eleven and the other pets lay on the ground, indicating that they understood. They hadn’t eaten so full in a long time, but it should only be this time. After all, they could squander extravagantly this time to celebrate Buggy’s ascension.

If they kept eating like this in the future, Dragon Palace City couldn’t afford it. If they ate up the Dragon Palace until it was poor, the Green Dragon believers would have to rebel. After all, food was the priority of the people.

“Roar!!” However, Buggy expressed that it wasn’t a big problem. Eat more, eat more. Upon hearing that, Eleven, Baby Ginseng, Little Ji, and Duckie surrounded it and continued eating crazily.

On the other side, Chi Tong, Susu, Ling, Qi, and Little Zi looked at these guys speechlessly and shook their heads continuously. Very good. Since these guys were so full, they would be in charge of the next battle.

…

In Dragon Palace City, Shi Yu even chatted with the Ice Dragon and the Sea Dragon King for a long time.

After learning the information about the starry sky outside, the Ice Dragon was still alright. In any case, it was already alone and had no desires. As long as it could retire steadily in Dragon Palace City under the protection of Shi Yu and the others, it would be satisfied.

As for the Sea Dragon King, it was extremely excited, almost as excited as the previous Void Mantis. It had been raised by Lin Feng as the Sea Dragon King from a carp. It would be a lie to say that it had no feelings and didn’t miss Lin Feng.

Unfortunately, after being the Sea Dragon King for so long, it didn’t have much ambition. It only wanted to live steadily with its wife. Its only wish was for the little white dragon to become more mature. However, after glancing at the little white dragon beside it, it felt that Lin Feng wouldn’t fancy this kid no matter what. It couldn’t help but sigh again.

After spending the night in Dragon Palace City, Shi Yu and the Dragon God began to set off.

They transmigrated through the ocean and arrived at the Space-Time Island, the Space-Time Dragon Vein.

Shi Yu was wearing a modern black and red archeological suit, a panda holding bamboo hanging from his shoulder. Beside him was a peerless and elegant dragon girl in ancient clothes. Be it in modern or ancient times, they were a strange combination.

“Squeak.” Eleven took a bite of the bamboo.

Eleven had taken this from the Dragon Palace City and couldn’t bear to eat it yet. It planned to rely on licking and grinding its teeth to maintain its daily life.

When the Dragon God saw this, she couldn’t help but fall silent. She didn’t know when Shi Yu’s pets would start to care about their image. The demigods on the Blue Planet weren’t so ridiculous.

“I’ve already come to study it once previously. I’m confident of activating and controlling the spatial ruins, but I need Senior Dragon God’s cooperation. Don’t resist and suppress your strength,” Shi Yu said.

The Dragon God nodded and said, “Alright.”

With that said, she began to suppress her strength as much as possible and give up all resistance. She was defenseless against the power of the outside world. At this moment, Shi Yu had already arrived above the dragon vein. He pretended to close his eyes and pretend to use his talent of listening to the Voice of History to communicate with the spatial ruins.

Then, he mouthed a strange incantation that the Dragon God couldn’t understand.

For example, something like “I want to be a transmigrator. Grandpa and Grandma are so happy. Give me my favorite cookie.”

As Shi Yu spoke in Chinese, it was normal for the Dragon God to not understand. She only felt that it was unfathomable. At the same time, Shi Yu used his psychic power to draw a huge time hexagram array like the one on the owl’s chest on the ground, wrapping him and the Dragon God inside.

From the looks of it, Shi Yu was working hard to communicate with the Space-Time Dragon Vein, but in fact, it was Qi communicating with the power of the Dragon Vein in Shi Yu’s Beast Taming Space, preparing to Teleport Shi Yu and the Dragon God back to the Dragon Emperor Era.