Chapter 1258 - 1258 The Dragon God Abdicates, Buggy Ascends (3)

1258 The Dragon God Abdicates, Buggy Ascends (3)

Eleven was stunned. A short white tiger.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Oh.

The Four Spirits of Heaven were actually all Cosmic Gods. Then the cultivation value was undoubtedly even greater.

After Shi Yu asked for a metal-element gem, he decisively went to Zi Lan.

At this moment, the disciple of the Space Emperor, Zi Lan, had already changed into a long dress in the Dong Huang style. She was waiting for President Lin to call the Void Mantis, Fang Lan, and the others related to the Space Emperor over.

Before Shi Yu could say anything, the other party knew that Shi Yu was there to collect a debt. She couldn’t help but sigh and hand the concluded cultivation method to Shi Yu.

“This is the development method of 18 talents such as Metal, Wood, Water, Fire, Earth, Wind, Thunder, Light, Darkness, and Darkness, Spirit, and Soul Space Fusion.”

“I originally thought you could use it to increase your enhancement strength, so I planned to give it to you.”

“But now, I actually don’t recommend you waste your energy cultivating these additionally.”

“After you obtained benefits from the cosmic ruins, the talent you developed is considered one of the best abilities even on the Floating Planet. I feel that my divine-level spatial talent is inferior, so it’s better for you to devote yourself to that.”

“These abilities are all relatively common. What I can come into contact with won’t increase your strength much. Now, I’m afraid only those rarer abilities can increase your strength. However, unfortunately, there are no such abilities on the Floating Planet. If you want to obtain them, you might have to search for them on the World King Planet yourself,” Zi Lan said.

“There are capable people from various planets gathered there. The abilities they cultivate are strange. Although it’s harder to cultivate, it’s also stronger and more special.”

“Alright, alright. Then it shouldn’t be a problem for me to teach these to my friends, right?” Shi Yu said with a smile.

Of course, he also knew that for him, there wasn’t much need to cultivate metal-element strengthening, fire-element strengthening, and water-element strengthening talents. However, if he didn’t use such a good thing, someone else would.

“Of course, you can deal with it yourself. It’s not anything relatively precious,” Zi Lan said with a smile.

“Wu wu wu wu wu!!!” As the two of them chatted, in the outside world, spatial ripples flickered. A big black mantis shouted, “Where’s the Space Emperor’s disciple? Where!!”

“I knew it. The Space Emperor is still alive. Hahahahaha.”

“I’m going to rise!”

“Chaos Panda, Green Dragon, get down!”

It was the Void Mantis.

Shi Yu shrugged. Alright, the most excited ones when the Space Emperor and Lin Feng sent someone back should be the second team pets of the Space Emperor and Lin Feng.

At this moment, forget about the demigod level, as long as they contacted Lin Feng… The Sea Dragon King, the Butterfly God, and the others had hope of reaching the divine level.

“Yo.” After the Void Mantis entered, Shi Yu greeted it, stunning the Void Mantis and stopping its smile.

“You guys chat, then I’ll leave first.” Shi Yu smiled and bid them farewell. He took the cultivation method he had obtained and left. After getting Ling to replicate a cultivation method, he got it to distribute one to President Lin, Senior Lu, Senior Panda, and the others.

Then, he returned to Ping Cheng and started to sleep.

He helped Buggy evolve and activate the Green Dragon Domain to fight the five demigods and the aliens in the Taiji Domain… Even after experiencing the joint treatment of Baby Ginseng and the World Tree, the current Shi Yu was still tired.

If there were no other big things, he would sleep for two days first…

Two days later, Shi Yu woke up. At this moment, Zi Lan had already finished communicating with President Lin and the Divine Source Legendary.

Dong Huang could at least be assigned two Teleportation Key Stones. Dong Huang’s distribution method for these two was one for Shi Yu and one for the Dragon God.

The Divine Source Legendary voluntarily gave up the opportunity to go to the World King Planet to break through to the divine level and decided to continue staying on the Blue Planet to protect Dong Huang and wait for the Mythical Revival.

As for President Lin Xiao, he felt that he couldn’t break through to the legendary level in the short term, so he gave up the opportunity to obtain the Teleportation Key Stone.

As for the keystone, it was still the most cost-effective ratio for human Beast Tamers. Therefore, Shi Yu, the most talented figure in Dong Huang and even Blue Planet, definitely had one.

However, Shi Yu also needed to reach Level 9 as soon as possible.

As for the remaining piece, Dong Huang decided to give it to the Dragon God. After all, the Dragon God Protection had protected Dong Huang for a thousand years, and the position of the Dragon God had also been passed to Buggy. This gift should be given to her.

Although the Dragon God could also be contracted and hitched a ride, because the Dragon God’s seniority was too high in Dong Huang, probably no one dared to mention it like this.

“There’s no need to split it so carefully.” After Shi Yu woke up and learned, he couldn’t help but mutter to himself. In any case, after contacting the Space Emperor and the others, he could just ask for a few more.

Yes… However, considering that the Space Emperor and the others might not necessarily be very generous, Shi Yu felt that it wasn’t a big problem for him to think of a way after he entered the World King Planet.

He had the Skill Index, so he should still be able to become stronger quickly. The Space Emperor and Lin Feng could both quickly rise in the universe. His achievements on the Blue Planet far exceeded those of the Space Emperor and Lin Feng. In theory, he should be able to adapt quickly to the universe.

At that time, if he could quickly become a super divine, it wasn’t impossible for him to let everyone he knew have a Teleportation Key Stone.

With this in mind, Shi Yu decided to cultivate bitterly first and strive to reach the legendary level before the World Tree condensed a cosmic crystal.

However, before that, Shi Yu felt that there was one more thing. It was best to do it before the legendary level.

To the Dragon Emperor Era…

After all, after breaking through to the legendary level, the pressure to transmigrate would definitely be even greater.

Therefore, after waking up, Shi Yu first arrived at Dragon Palace City.

At this moment, Buggy was eating and drinking here. It was living too comfortably.

However, Buggy still had a conscience and knew to leave many good things for Shi Yu and the others.

Shi Yu didn’t come this time for this. Instead, he found Senior Dragon God and said, “Senior Dragon God, are you free? I want to bring you to the spatial ruins to explore.”

For the Dragon God, going to the Cosmic Sea to obtain the opportunity to climb to a higher realm probably didn’t make her care more than returning to the Dragon Emperor Era.

“Now?” The Dragon God appeared and took a deep breath. She looked at Shi Yu and said, “Are you confident?”

“Yes, but according to my research, utilizing the Space-Time Dragon Vein for traversal will encounter temporal rejection based on strength. Even if we succeed, we might not be able to stay in that time period for too long.”

“In addition, even if we change the fact that the Dragon Emperor was killed by the remnant soul of a god, it should only evolve into a new parallel space. It won’t affect the current situation and revive the Dragon Emperor. Can you accept such an outcome?”

The Dragon God was silent for a moment before saying, “It’s alright. Even if I only return to the past and don’t interfere in anything, I’ll be satisfied if you let me understand some of the truth.”

Shi Yu said, “There’s no need to be so careful. We can go back and directly kill the remnant soul that harmed the Dragon Emperor. Then, we can destroy the Dragon Empire, the great enemy of the Dragon Emperor Dynasty at that time!”

The Dragon God smiled and said, “Are you sure that what we do isn’t breaking the laws of the universe? If there are any maintainers in the universe, we’ll probably be punished.”

Shi Yu was stunned. Don’t scare me. In the beginning, you were the one who seduced me into transmigrating into space and time. I’ve already transmigrated twice! Nothing happened!

…

At the same time, at Ancient Capital University.

The gem cat girl looked up at the starry sky.

She also participated in the previous Teleportation Key Stones distribution meeting.

To be honest, she also wanted to go to the starry sky of the universe to take a look, but unfortunately, there were so few Teleportation Key Stones. It would take a while until a hooligan cat like her got a turn.

She only hoped that Shi Yu could quickly rise in the universe.

At that time, Shi Yu should give her a keystone and a pile of cosmic crystals… After all, she couldn’t run to sign a contract with Shi Yu, right?

Since she was free, the gem cat girl looked up at the starry sky and made a wish with a quasi-divine skill, wanting to be bestowed a Teleportation Key Stone by the heavens!

This way, there was no need to beg anyone.

The gem cat was actually just giving it a try for fun.

However.

After making the wish… something unexpected happened.

In the universe, a spatial crack appeared. Inside, a meteor streaked across.

A tool that looked like a wish keystone rowed towards the Blue Planet and landed in Dong Huang, Ancient Capital, and Ancient Capital University.

The gem cat girl stared at the increasingly clear meteor and fell into deep thought. She stretched out her hand and grabbed it in midair.

She looked down and fell into deep thought.

Damn.

No way!

The cat was stunned.

Her wish skill had also become strange, like the owl’s prophecy skill?

The gem cat looked at the Teleportation Key Stone in her hand and was at a loss.

Therefore, was this the keystone brought by the unlucky person from the Kirin Race who came to the Blue Planet with Zi Lan and the others but died in the Starry Sky Storm, or the keystone that fell into the spatial crack after the battle between the empress and the Vermillion Bird demigod?? The gem cat fell into deep thought.

…

…