Chapter 1251 - 1251 The Alien'S Mentality Collapsed (6)

1251 The Alien’s Mentality Collapsed (6)

As the Yin Yang Millstone was still incomplete, it couldn’t successfully obliterate and destroy the other party’s divine skill profundities. In the collision of power, it was slightly inferior. The Phoenix Man was sent flying, and Eleven was flipped over and rolled backward. Both parties suffered a certain amount of backlash. To be precise, the backlash on Shi Yu and the others’ side was more serious. Even though Eleven had the Indestructible Golden Body, the backlash was still very serious. However, the Phoenix Man wasn’t happy at all.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

What was left was a face filled with collapse and disbelief. He felt the pain in his body and the surrounding environment. He instantly understood that he had already been pulled into another domain.

He had almost forgotten that this wasn’t a one-on-one battle between him and the black and white bear at all. Shi Yu still had a bunch of pets that had yet to attack!

“Roar!!!” In the Creation Domain, the Green Dragon, Buggy, occupied the starry sky and stared at the ground with its dragon eyes. On the ground, spring instantly overflowed. Countless plants grew lushly, and the plants slowed down Eleven’s impact and made it slowly roll to a stop.

It had already used up the power of faith it carried. At this moment, Buggy could only use the power of faith drifting on the Blue Planet with the Creation Domain.

The Green Dragon’s power of faith was divided into three parts. One was the power of faith carried on by the antiques he had collected from various spaces on the Blue Planet. This had always been carried by Buggy, but it had already been used up when fighting the gods of Dragon Palace City previously.

After this was gone, Shi Yu and the others still had the power of faith of the Green Dragon lingering around the various life forms on the Blue Planet to use, as well as the power of faith of the Green Dragon in Little Zi’s body.

There were still too few in Little Zi’s body, and Shi Yu had always been reluctant to use the ones of the Blue Planet. However, when he recalled that he had just destroyed the Tyrant Dragon King and that the power of faith in the Dragonman Empire was about to belong to him, Shi Yu felt a little more generous.

“Yi! (Are you alright?)” The Divine Tree Ginseng Emperor controlled the plants to catch Eleven. Through the kindness of the world, it combined Buggy’s spring law and revived Eleven.

“Wuu!! (Revival!)” Eleven instantly revived to full health. It pressed down on the ground and crawled up, looking excitedly at the Phoenix Man, who was still flying backward in the sky. The cosmic Beast Tamer was so strong.

It still wanted to continue!

Eleven and Shi Yu thought so, but the Phoenix man didn’t feel that he was strong at all. As he forcefully stopped flying backward, he looked at the huge Green Dragon in the sky in shock.

“Roar!!!” The dragon breath that contained lightning fire triggered the power of destruction and spat at the Phoenix man.

Boom.

Under the touch of the sound of laws, he was stunned again.

This domain was undoubtedly created by it. Looking at this Creation Domain condensed from the power of faith, a few words appeared in his and the Star Phoenix’s minds.

“Faith in a quasi-divine skill, the Law of Creation? This is… the Green Dragon?”

“Impossible! How can someone nurture a Green Dragon of this level in this place!” he exclaimed.

Their figures were instantly drowned by the dragon’s breath, but at the critical moment, the wings turned into a huge light ball that wrapped around their bodies.

The star-like light ball and dragon breath kept squeezing. Unfortunately, in the end, the dragon breath still couldn’t suppress the light ball. But even so, the aftermath of the violent explosion produced by both parties still sent the Phoenix man flying again, leaving them covered in injuries.

“Holy shit.” At this moment, sensing Buggy’s god-like dignity in the sky, the Demon King Dragon and the others were stunned. The Law of Creation… They knew that Shi Yu’s Green Dragon’s power of imagination had a chance of advancing to the Law of Creation, but in the end, did it really succeed?

That meteorite attack was already terrifying, but now this Creation Domain… They looked around and realized that they couldn’t break through it at all with their strength. They couldn’t help but be even more shocked.

However, Zi Lan was even more stunned than them. She raised her hand and pointed at the Green Dragon shakily.

“Green Dragon… How did he nurture it?”

The gem cat girl discovered the abnormality and said, “Wait a minute, does the cosmic Beast Tamer also know about the Green Dragon?”

Zi Lan was speechless. “The Green Dragon, White Tiger, Vermillion Bird, and Black Tortoise are all suspected to be four cosmic life forms from the last cosmic era. No one knows if they exist, but there are many ruins related to the four saints in the universe. Archeology discovered a large number of antiques that contain the power of the four saints and the power of faith of Elder Gu.”

“Therefore, many lives in the Cosmic Sea are evolving towards these four lives.”

“The faith of the Green Dragon, White Tiger, Vermillion Bird, and Black Tortoise is everywhere in the universe. Blue Planet also has it. I’m not surprised. It’s just that the Green Dragon that has mastered the laws of creation is very rare. It’s already considered quite perfect in evolution. Even in the universe, a Green Dragon of this level is rare.”

“They… How did they do it?” Zi Lan found it unbelievable. Even if it was Lord Lin Feng with the evolution talent, it probably wasn’t easy to raise and evolve a Green Dragon of this level.

As Zi Lan finished speaking, the gods, President Lin, and the others were shocked. There were also four holy beasts in the universe?

Moreover, it was suspected to be a cosmic life form from the last cosmic era. There were still many ruins?

“Could it be that there are some special ruins on the Blue Planet that contain the divine power of the Green Dragon?” Zi Lan only thought of the possibility that Shi Yu could nurture a Green Dragon of this level.

However, she was only half right. Shi Yu didn’t come into contact with any ruins that contained the divine power of the Green Dragon on the Blue Planet, but on Earth.

At the moment, the most important thing was still the battle. The power Shi Yu displayed consecutively had already completely made Zi Lan fall silent. Be it divine-level talent or the Creation Green Dragon pet, they were extremely unbelievable.