Chapter 1253 - 1253 The Alien'S Mentality Collapsed (8)

1253 The Alien’s Mentality Collapsed (8)

It was actually a little unaccustomed to the environment. An enfeebling power surged into its body. It was surprisingly the aftermath of starry sky travel and the descent to a low-level planet.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

It was unknown if it was really uncomfortable or if Ling’s divine skill of luck had an effect, making the Phoenix man’s movements stiffen for a long time.

“Roar!!!” When Eleven leaped over, the huge red and blue Taiji world suddenly turned into a black and white Taiji world again. Eleven held the dazzling Yin Yang Millstone and directly smashed it onto the Phoenix man, smashing them into the ground from the sky.

This time, the Phoenix man’s eyes really turned white. He spat out a mouthful of blood and fell like a star.

From the beginning to the end, he was being kicked like a rubber ball by Shi Yu and the others.

President Lin, the gem cat, and the seven gods opened their mouths wide and looked at the Phoenix man who was ruthlessly suppressed. Their hearts skipped a beat. Shi Yu was the strongest on the Blue Planet, while the Phoenix man was a cosmic genius. In their eyes, they were all very strong. At this moment, seeing the Phoenix man ruthlessly suppressed by Shi Yu, an indescribable emotion appeared in their hearts.

Shi Yu, this monster, could even beat up a genius in the universe like this?

What a joke. Take it easy and don’t kill them.

Below, the World Ginseng rooted in the ground realized that it was finally time for it to appear. However, at this moment, Zi Lan suddenly shouted with a serious expression,

“Wait, this is the end. He lost.”

“This is the Ocean Faith God and the Vermillion Bird? A combination of quasi-divine skills and faith skills?” She had a serious expression. What a joke.

“Cough, cough.” In the sky, the falling Phoenix man suddenly divided into two, turning into two landing trajectories. The human was alright, but the Star Phoenix was directly covered in scales and injuries. It was very miserable.

Eleven’s last attack directly obliterated the defense layer on the Phoenix man in the enfeebled state and completely heavily injured them!

Boom!

The two figures landed and fainted. The scene was silent.

“Hu, Hu, Hu…”

Shi Yu was also opposite him, panting slightly.

“Then I won’t fight, I won’t fight.”

“Baby Ginseng, heal!”

Ling exited the loading mode.

Baby Ginseng fell into deep thought.

“Sister Zi Lan, I won. Remember the bet.”

Shi Yu stood on the spot. After a moment of silence, he smiled and thought for a moment. He suddenly felt that the Beast Tamers in the universe didn’t seem to be that difficult to fight.

However, it wasn’t that easy. In a one-on-one situation, Shi Yu felt that it would be very difficult. As long as he leveled up to Level 9, there might be hope.

Moreover, the Phoenix man shouldn’t be a powerful figure. At least, he was definitely inferior to Zi Lan. The faction of the Space Emperor and Senior Lin Feng could be seen as a super divine faction. It was definitely not a large faction in the universe.

With this in mind, Shi Yu took a deep breath and became even more serious.

If he wanted to go to the universe, he had to make more preparations. Otherwise, at that time, he definitely wouldn’t be able to defeat anyone.

“I understand…” Zi Lan’s expression was solemn, and her heart was shocked. Even she would have to spend some effort to defeat Qi Mu and Feng Jiu.

What was wrong with this Shi Yu!

Was he a monster?

She really didn’t expect the other party to be defeated by a lower-level opponent.

If the people on the Floating Planet knew, there would definitely be a huge shock.

“I…” On the ground in the distance, the Phoenix man trembled and moved his finger. He no longer believed in the nonsense of easily suppressing enemies on a lower-level planet.

…

The battle in the East Sea shook the planet again. For example, the Dragon God, who had returned to Dragon Palace City, and the World Tree, who was just about to condense a cosmic crystal, were shocked.

“What, what, what?” The World Tree was shocked. Sensing the familiar battle fluctuations, it immediately felt a headache. It understood that Shi Yu and the others had caused trouble.

In order to avoid any accidents, it immediately ran over to see what was going on. Then, it saw the scene of the Phoenix Man being suppressed and beaten up by Shi Yu the whole time. It saw the scene of the so-called alien genius basically being unable to fight back against Shi Yu and being defeated by someone below his level. The World Tree fell into deep thought.

That was it?

In the west, in the Demon Kingdom.

The female succubus and another female Beast Tamer were like high and mighty queens. They sat in the palace of the Demon Kingdom and communicated with the demon demigod and the Fallen Angel Prince below.

At this moment, the demigod and the Fallen Angel Prince looked at them in extreme shock.

They didn’t expect that the guest from outer space this time was actually a descendant of the Demon God Race that had left the Mythical Era.

Sensing the terrifying pressure on their bodies that was comparable to a god, the Fallen Angel father and son were pleasantly surprised and afraid.

“Don’t worry, we won’t eat you. We only came back this time to bring the clansmen of the Blue Planet to the universe.” The female succubus smiled calmly.

“We’ve already communicated with the Blue Planet’s Will. Next, you just have to cooperate with us.”

“By the way, do you know Shi Yu?” the female succubus asked.

Because Shi Yu was praised by the World Tree as the strongest Beast Tamer on the Blue Planet, they definitely had to know more about him.

“Lord, I know.” Upon hearing the other party mention Shi Yu, the two Fallen Angel father and son were first shocked. Then, they said, “He should be the strongest Beast Tamer on the Blue Planet at the moment.”

“Not long ago, he defeated two abyss demigods in a battle.”

“Very powerful.”

“I see. That’s not bad,” the female succubus said. “Don’t worry, as long as you do things seriously, your strength can surpass him sooner or later.”

“I believe you!” The Fallen Angel Prince looked at the incomparably beautiful Succubus Queen in front of him excitedly and almost wanted to offer its loyalty.