Chapter 1250 - 1250 The Alien'S Mentality Collapsed (5)

1250 The Alien’s Mentality Collapsed (5)

The entire world became black and white.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

On the horizon, there was even a star that was identical to the patterns in Shi Yu’s eyes. In this domain, it replaced the sun and moon.

That was the manifestation of Shi Yu’s Eye of the Heart. It hung on the horizon of the domain and watched everything!

Under its gaze, the pattern in the Taiji Painting spinning in the sky and ground seemed to have turned into two Yin Yang fish that slowly appeared and wrapped around Eleven.

At the same time, the planet trembled, and an incomparably deep sound of laws appeared on Eleven’s body. Its hands swayed as the Yin Yang Fish swam. The laws fused, and a huge pressure appeared on the entire island.

“It’s this move!” The Ancient God Golden Bull was afraid.

The consecutive changes could be said to have shocked Zi Lan and the Phoenix man.

“Roar!!!” The main attacker, Eleven, had the Yin Yang Fish swim into its hand. On its palm, a circular metal formed, showing black and white colors, one yin and one yang, one light and one dark. It was filled with two-colored lightning that fused, converted, and collided. It was extremely mysterious.

All around, everything turned into a chaotic void, the balance shattered and was erased by its influence.

The two voices of law fused and directly completed the combination of a quasi-divine skill!!

No, this wasn’t a simple combination of Eleven and Shi Yu. There was also Ling’s help. After all, Ling’s Armor greatly increased the strength of Shi Yu.

At this moment, as Shi Yu used a baffling ability, the Phoenix man was stunned.

What the f*ck is this? The Phoenix man was extremely shocked. Beast Taming Talent? Did the Beast Taming Talent that Shi Yu used just now trigger the sound of laws?

Wait a minute, isn’t Shi Yu’s Beast Taming Talent a talent in mental strength? Just now, when they saw Shi Yu use psychic power to fly and even know telepathy, they originally thought that it was a talent in this aspect.

In addition, the Beast Tamers on the Blue Planet basically only had one Beast Taming Talent, so they didn’t think about it much at all. But at this moment, what was this thing Shi Yu used?

A divine-level talent that triggered the sound of laws? Among the younger generation below the Floating Planet’s divine level, only Zi Lan, the personal disciple of the Space Emperor, had mastered a divine-level spatial talent.

Moreover, she had mastered it at Level 9.

But how did Shi Yu master a divine-level ability at Level 8?

Moreover, due to the law’s fluctuations, they even felt suppression. This was undoubtedly a top-notch law skill. Be it what pets or Beast Tamers used, they were all top-notch law skills that complemented each other!!

Destructive power, breaking the laws!

“Impossible!!” The Phoenix man couldn’t believe this fact. He couldn’t believe that Shi Yu had actually mastered such a strong skill. Moreover, that black and white bear was actually a pet with top-notch divine aptitude.

However, the attack was completed.

Sensing the huge pressure, although he was shocked, he had to accept it.

“Holy sh*t, do you have to be so… Feng Jiu!” The Phoenix man himself shouted. His body directly turned into a beam of light and fused into the Star Phoenix.

At this moment, the Star Phoenix was also stunned. What the hell?

Although it had three quasi-divine skills, it didn’t have top-notch quasi-divine skills.

It was fine if there were six demigods of the same level, but why was there such a monster among them?

“Jiu…”

In the next second, the starlight flickered. A birdman with a human body but four limbs and wings with the characteristics of the Star Phoenix circled in the sky under the starlight.

Explosive fluctuations that shook the stars came from their bodies, but the Phoenix man didn’t become as calm as before at all. He was still extremely nervous.

“Fire-element strengthening, activate, light-element strengthening, activate!”

“Bloodline strengthening, activate!”

Buzz!!

A terrifying energy eruption that was indeed stronger than Eleven and the others alone shook the entire Blue Planet.

However, facing the huge panda that leaped over with a huge millstone in hand, they were still extremely nervous.

“Profundity, Feather Fall Star.” The Phoenix man gritted his teeth. His body spun 360 degrees in the air, and his wings flew. Blue and red starlight bloomed, and like the speed of light, it also triggered the sound of multiple laws.

Light, fire, and bloodline divine techniques astonishingly formed the essence of the three law quasi-divine skills. Beneath the swirling wings, they now resembled falling stars, carving a tricolored light trace across the void—incredibly dazzling and magnificent. They collided with the eleven strikes from the Yin Yang Millstone wielded in hand.

Boom!!!

The collision of mountains and seas and shocking stars immediately caused space to shatter, shattering the Taiji Domain as if it was pulling both parties into another world.

“What exactly is this?” Zi Lan looked at the shattered Taiji Domain fragment and found it unbelievable.

President Lin said, “Shi Yu’s Beast Taming Talent developed a second time through telepathy, Psychic Domain…”

Zi Lan was shocked. “You mean he developed other talents on the basis of only one telepathy talent??”

How was this possible?

Even the geniuses in the universe developed other talents through the cultivation methods passed down. Where did Shi Yu get the cultivation methods on this planet?

Zi Lan was stunned. Moreover, it was a Level 8 talent that had cultivated to the divine level… Could it be that they’re telling them that Shi Yu was really a peerless genius? His talent even far exceeded that of the Space Emperor and Lin Feng?

“Roar!!!”

“Damn it.”

In the incomparably violent collision, this was the first time Shi Yu and the others suffered in such an all-out state. Eleven’s painful roar came from the shattered spatial tide. Although the Yin Yang Millstone created by the ultimate combination of it, Shi Yu, and Ling sent the Phoenix Man flying, Eleven’s own Yin Yang Millstone was also shattered by the other party.