Chapter 1252 - 1252 The Alien'S Mentality Collapsed (7)

1252 The Alien’s Mentality Collapsed (7)

Was he really a Level 8 Beast Tamer from a low-level planet?

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Ah…” She and the Star Dragon looked at the Phoenix Man’s miserable state and were speechless. However, the Phoenix Man was indeed powerful. If it were a demigod from the Blue Planet, even if it was an awakened god, those two moves just now would easily cause him to be insta-killed. From the shocked expressions of the Ancient God Golden Bull and the others, it could be seen how terrifying Shi Yu’s attack was.

However, he still survived. The Phoenix man, who looked like he had only suffered a portion of his injuries and couldn’t even be considered a fatal injury, felt that the pressure was huge. After stabilizing his body, he looked at the panda that had been heavily injured by him and revived by that tree baby. His mentality collapsed slightly.

“Damn it…” At this moment, the Phoenix man realized that the Green Dragon and the Panda weren’t to be trifled with. He immediately locked onto Susu, who was closer.

Firstly, it was because Susu was the closest. Secondly, of the energy fluctuations, Susu and Shi Yu’s fluctuations were the weakest. It was unrealistic to directly attack Shi Yu. Shi Yu was protected at the back, so they chose to start with Susu and defeat them one by one.

The Phoenix man had a beautiful plan in mind and wanted to defeat Shi Yu and the others one by one. If Shi Yu’s six pets were only at the level of the gem cat, the Phoenix man’s plan would definitely succeed.

However, the problem was that the battle power specifications of Shi Yu and the others had already exceeded those of ordinary demigods. Among the four totem-level pets, the weakest Susu was also the strongest demigod on the Blue Planet previously!

Although the battle power of every individual was inferior to it, when combined, they could suppress him, preventing him from breaking through Shi Yu’s lineup. He could only passively act like a rubber ball and couldn’t find a breakthrough.

“Feather Fall Stars!!” The Phoenix Man used the final profundity again and attacked Susu. These three quasi-divine skills and the move strengthened by the three Beast Taming Talents couldn’t even be withstood by Eleven, who was enhanced by Shi Yu, let alone Susu.

However, imagination was very beautiful, but the reality was very cruel.

“Huh?” Seeing someone attempting to attack her close sister, Chi Tong’s sword in hand flashed and shot out, resonating like thunder and constantly expanding and spanning the void. In an instant, it transformed into four sword projections suspended in the sky. The four sword clones of Immortal Slaying, Immortal Killing, Immortal Extermination, and Immortal Trap formed the Immortal Slaying Sword Formation and trapped the Phoenix Man’s attack.

“Sword law that contains many changes…”

Sensing that he was trapped, the Phoenix man didn’t panic. This move was much weaker than the black-and-white millstone. He could even shatter that, and this could also be easily broken!

Boom.

The sword formation trembled, and cracks appeared on the four divine sword phantoms.

The Phoenix Wings penetrated the sword formation under the shadow of the myriad swords and continued to attack Susu. In the blink of an eye, he widened his eyes.

“I’m coming.” Chi Tong, who was standing on the Vermillion Bird, had unknowingly arrived behind Susu in the form of a Blue Sea Sprite and pressed its palm on its shoulder.

Susu pursed its lips and nodded. The huge Vermillion Bird clone immediately turned into the Vermillion Bird Divine Fire and flowed into the water elemental body. The red and blue light was extremely dazzling, wrapping Chi Tong and Susu together. Shockingly, Chi Tong had used possession on Susu.

It fused its power with Susu’s power.

“Water and fire possession—are you crazy?” The Phoenix man who attacked didn’t stop, but he had a ridiculous thought. This was because the energies that countered each other were extremely difficult to coordinate. The higher the level, the more it was like this.

Perhaps at a low level, it could still rely on its powerful Crowd Control to complete the Interlocking Combination Skill, but the water-element elemental and fire-element undead in front of it both had demigod-level battle power. In theory, it was impossible to fuse the strongest quasi-divine skill and achieve an explosive increase in battle power.

But in the next moment, the Phoenix man’s expression changed.

The blue and red lights on Susu’s and the others’ bodies flourished. Under the light, a Taiji Painting formed by water and fire actually appeared. With a roar, Chi Tong and Susu’s fusion seemed to have undergone a qualitative change in life!

Boom!!

A moment later, a Water Element General with red hair and eyes appeared in front of everyone with a fire sword in hand.

At the same time, a divine sword fused with water and fire condensed in their hands. The Vermillion Bird Divine Fire, Sea Cleansing Spirit, and Interlocking Sword!!

The fusion of fire and water was indeed a very difficult operation. It could even succeed at this moment. The Gemini Silver Armor back then and General Mu Huiyin’s Interlocking Sword were no longer the most important factors.

That was the cultivation result of Shi Yu assisting Chi Tong and Susu in practicing many times through the Taiji Domain. All of this added up was the reason why they could successfully combine and easily slash out an attack that exceeded the limits of both parties’ attacks.

Chi Tong and Susu’s combination attack collided with the Phoenix Man’s Phoenix Wings.

At the same time.

Shi Yu and Buggy underwent a spirit connection and mental resonance!

It activated the Taiji Domain again! With Buggy’s cooperation, it activated the Taiji Domain in its Creation Domain!!

Domain fusion.

As if the world had just opened, the power of the red and blue Taiji Painting fused into General Mu Huiyin’s body, formed by Chi Tong and Susu, raising their strength to the extreme.

On Susu’s side, the sound of laws spread. That was the cleansing law of the ocean. On Chi Tong’s side, it was the burning of the fire of faith. The intersection of water and fire of quasi-divine skills, and faith skills instantly erupted with extremely dazzling power. Under the shocked expression of the Phoenix Man, he was sent flying like a tennis ball with a boom. His body was cleansed and burned in the explosion!

“Pfft…” The three attacks of the mind, spirit, and physical body made the Phoenix man’s eyes turn white. He was just about to explode and launch a counterattack when he felt the energy in his body suddenly roll.