Chapter 1255 - 1255 The Alien'S Mentality Collapsed (10)

1255 The Alien’s Mentality Collapsed (10)

Now, he could fight a Level 9 opponent. When he reached Level 9, he would be even more impressive.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Cough, cough, why, what’s with your divine-level talent?”

“And your Green Dragon.”

The Phoenix Man was unconvinced by his loss. He should have been the one with a higher cultivation system, but in the end, Shi Yu made his mentality collapse.

“I also want to ask. Logically speaking, Blue Planet shouldn’t have such a cultivation system.”

“Your Green Dragon cultivation speed also far exceeds some Green Dragon faith factions in the starry sky of the universe.”

Zi Lan was curious.

“I just heard that there are also four holy beasts in the starry sky of the universe, right?” Shi Yu looked at them.

The Phoenix Man: “?”

He wasn’t even fully focused on the battle?

“Well, they’re suspected to be universe gods from the last era,” Zi Lan said.

Shi Yu said, “When I was in archeology, I accidentally entered a ruin. These powers are all related to that ruin, but I’ve only entered it once and couldn’t crack it. I don’t know anything more.”

Zi Lan was stunned. “What, you’re also an archeologist?”

President Lin said, “Shi Yu… should be the most outstanding archeologist on the Blue Planet.”

Zi Lan was very surprised. “Archeologists… are also a very popular profession in the universe, especially those archeologists qualified to explore the ruins of the last era. They are all targets of competition by the various large factions.”

“Meow…” The gem cat girl was stunned. “Space ruins…”

She was silent for a moment before looking at Shi Yu, whose eyes were shining. She kept feeling that something was about to be wreaked by Shi Yu again.

“As everyone knows, the lifespan of the universe is only 10 billion years. Every 10 billion years, the universe will restart and start a new cosmic era. At that time, basically no life form can live to the next cosmic era, including cosmic life forms.”

“However, when the universe restarts, there will be some special places that will become cosmic ruins in the form of cosmic spatial fragments and appear in a new era. Exploring these cosmic ruins can often yield very shocking secrets.”

“It’s said that the current cosmic supreme master, that cosmic overlord, likes to collect and explore cosmic ruins very much.”

“I understand. You definitely accidentally entered the cosmic ruins of the last cosmic era and came into contact with some special divine power,” Zi Lan said. She felt that she had finally deduced why Shi Yu was so strong.

This guy was the chosen one—a super lucky person!

He actually accidentally entered the Green Dragon Ruins of the last cosmic era and even archeologically carried divine-level power.

At the side, the Phoenix man was also stunned. Was this for real? What kind of f*cking dog shit luck was this? An archeologist from a low-level planet accidentally entered the ruins of a cosmic god from the last cosmic era and even obtained benefits?

Everyone was stunned when they heard Zi Lan’s deduction.

Including Shi Yu himself.

He fell into deep thought. He felt that there were even more enigmas about his transmigration.

“If those large factions know that you’ve entered the cosmic ruins, they’ll definitely be willing to nurture an archeologist like you. In fact, even if you serve that cosmic overlord, there’s a high chance.”

“However, exploring cosmic ruins is still too dangerous. Even if one reaches the super divine level, there are countless people who die in cosmic ruins.”

“According to what I know, the ancestor of the Blue Planet’s Kirin Race explored the ruins of the universe back then and was the first to die.”

“Therefore, archeologists are also a high-risk profession,” Zi Lan said.

World Tree: “?”

Why was the Kirin the first to die again?

“No way…” Shi Yu muttered,” Speaking of which, the cosmic ruin you’re talking about…”

Zi Lan said, “Hmm?”

“Are there many of them?” Shi Yu said. “Are there any less dangerous trial-type ruins? I like this kind.”

World Tree and President Lin: ???

Shouldn’t this kid think of a way to let the Blue Planet rise after entering the starry sky? Why was he thinking about the cosmic ruins again?