Chapter 1257 - 1257 The Dragon God Abdicates, Buggy Ascends (2)

1257 The Dragon God Abdicates, Buggy Ascends (2)

The Dragon God had indeed gathered everyone in the Dragon Palace to announce Shi Yu and the others’ help. However, before she could, she was attracted by the fluctuations of the battle again.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

This time, the Dragon God simply brought Buggy back.

“Lord Dragon God is back!” In Dragon Palace City, as the world changed color, a huge wave came. The Sea Dragon King looked up at the sky.

The figure of the Dragon God slowly descended under the gazes of millions of Dragon Palace’s elites. After her, everyone was surprised to discover that beside her was a huge Green Dragon that occupied the sky and was a thousand meters long.

“That’s… Buggy?? Shi Yu and the others are here too?” Seeing this, the Ice Dragon and the others were slightly stunned.

The Golden Dragon Prince and the other second-generation dragons who had been beaten by Buggy were also slightly stunned.

However, as the totem dragon kings sensed the aura on Buggy’s body that was even stronger than that of the Dragon God, their pupils couldn’t help but shrink in disbelief.

At this moment, after the Dragon God descended, she said to the Dragon Palace people, “Not long ago, the ancient god of the dragon race revived and destroyed the faith of the Green Dragon to fight for the position of the Dragon God, causing Dragon Palace City to be in chaos.”

“In the face of three revived gods, my strength isn’t enough to protect Dragon Palace City.”

“Fortunately, the matter was resolved. Now, the three awakened divine dragons are all suppressed by the new Dragon God. From today on, I will abdicate and cultivate bitterly. The new Dragon God will be the contracted Green Dragon of the Minister of Environmental Protection of Dragon Palace City, Shi Yu.”

“Its strength has already exceeded mine. Not only did it suppress three ancient gods, but it also suppressed the new demigod of the Dragonman Empire, the Tyrant Dragon King, and the Western Dragon Empire’s Lord Black Dragon Lord.”

“With it leading Dragon Palace City, Dragon Palace City can definitely become stronger. From today onwards, it is the new Dragon God of Dragon Palace City.”

“Roar!!! (From today onwards, I’m the Dragon God.)” The Green Dragon, Buggy, roared in the air. As expected of it.

After the Dragon God finished speaking, the Dragon Palace people suddenly fell silent and were stunned. The eldest prince, the second prince, and the third prince looked at Buggy in a daze.

What?

The position of Dragon God was gone?

“Ahhh??” The little white dragon looked at Big Brother Buggy in extreme shock, not understanding why Big Brother Buggy, who was still a butterfly two years ago, had become the new Dragon God.

Even if it defeated the eldest prince, it was too exaggerated to go from a human-contracted beast to a Dragon God at once and suppress five dragon demigods alone.

“#¥#@¥…” The Golden Dragon Prince, who had always wanted to take revenge, also looked at the Green Dragon Buggy in confusion.

What did it mean for a dragon to crush five dragon demigods?

Most of the totem dragon kings present were stunned.

“Oh, damn.” The Turtle Prime Minister looked at the bewildered Thunder Dragon King. His own son, Little Turtle, was also cultivating diligently under Shi Yu’s guidance. In terms of relationships, Little Turtle was classmates with the new Dragon God, and the Turtle Prime Minister was the old man of Little Turtle. So, how should they describe the relationship between him and the Thunder Dragon King going forward?

“This, this, this.” The Quas Snake overlord was also stunned. It didn’t expect that Shi Yu’s contracted beast, which had taken its daughter away, would now become the new Dragon God.

Of course, the one that felt the most ridiculous was still the Ice Dragon King, who had watched Buggy grow up from the Green Silkworm. The corners of its mouth twitched as it looked at the Green Dragon Buggy brought back by the Dragon God. Then, it patted its good friend, the Azure Dragon King, beside it.

“New Dragon God. That’s my son,” the Ice Dragon King said.

The Azure Dragon King: “?”

The Azure Dragon King and the Sea Dragon King looked at their son, the little white dragon, with disdain.

Trash.

The little white dragon: Huh???

…

Buggy followed the Dragon God to Dragon Palace City. After the battle, Shi Yu and the others could finally return to Dong Huang.

On President Lin’s side, there were too many things he wanted to know from Zi Lan and the others.

However, the guests had just arrived after all. In addition, he still had to awaken the Divine Source Legendary. President Lin only prepared a place for them and the seven gods to rest first.

There was no hurry to communicate.

“For you, for you.” At this moment, Shi Yu also began to collect the debt.

After the Ancient God Golden Bull gave the divine-level resources he owed to Shi Yu, he said, “So Shi Yu, let’s talk about battle next time. You consumed a lot of energy in the battle just now.”

“Alright, alright, alright.” Shi Yu suspected that the Ancient God Golden Bull was afraid. However, seeing that the other party had finally paid the debt, Shi Yu didn’t care so much.

“Wu wu wu.” At this moment, Eleven, who was on Shi Yu’s shoulder, looked at the resources given by the Ancient God Golden Bull with a surprised expression.

This was a white metal gem filled with warpath killing intent. It made Eleven feel that it was a divine-level resource that could increase the proficiency of his Killing Wind Skill.

After eating this, its Killing Wind Skill might be able to increase from transcendent to close to a quasi-divine skill.

“This is a platinum gem born on the Mythical Battlefield. It’s the core of a metal-element mineral vein. I can’t bear to use it yet. I’ll give it to you,” the Ancient God Golden Bull said in pain.

“If embedded in a weapon, it can become a divine weapon.”

“Alright.” Shi Yu smiled in surprise. “You go ahead, sir. I’m going to ask for the extraterrestrial cultivation manual.”

Platinum Gem!

As he left under the gaze of the Ancient God Golden Bull, Shi Yu weighed it and said to Eleven, “It’s useless even if you want this thing.”

Eleven: “?”

“You’re already a demigod. With the Blue Planet’s current conditions, ordinary divine-level resources will only strengthen you a bit. I think it’s better to keep it for the cat and see if it can be used.”

“Wuu.” Eleven nodded. Alright, he could give it to the gem cat teacher.

Let it evolve into a metal cat!

“It’s not the gem cat, but the short-legged gem cat. This can be kept as a white tiger evolution resource,” Shi Yu said. “Teacher gem cat is also a demigod. She doesn’t lack these resources.”