Chapter 1263 - 1263 Wuwu Dragon God Palace, My Dragon God Palace (1)

1263 Wuwu Dragon God Palace, My Dragon God Palace (1)

“Roar!!!!!”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

In the Dragon God Palace, a dragon’s roar shook.

As Shi Yu provoked it, space shattered and black mist spread. A terrifying creature was awakening.

At this moment, the Dragon Emperor, who was carrying the Mythical Ruins, could be said to have an extremely dark expression.

“No, I can’t let it out!”

The Dragon Emperor suppressed the ruins with all his might, but he realized that his identity as the owner of the ruins was useless.

“Kid, so you’ve already reached this level.”

“I almost overslept.”

“Looks like I woke up at the right time.”

Laughter came from the ruins.

Soon, a gray-black dragon soul that looked like a combination of a dinosaur and a Western dragon slowly formed.

Its blood-colored eyes lit up, and it spat out gray mist. Its entire body emitted gust-like fluctuations, and the entire Dragon God Palace suddenly trembled because of its appearance.

In the Dragon Palace mystic realm, the bloodlines of those creatures with dragon bloodlines also began to tremble at this moment. They looked in the direction of the Dragon God Palace in confusion, not knowing what had happened.

Buzz!

After the black dragon appeared, its body kept enlarging. It suddenly stretched out its hand and grabbed the Dragon Emperor, its eyes flickering.

Seeing this, the Dragon Emperor’s expression changed drastically, but he felt that it was difficult to even move. The dragon pet in the Beast Taming Space was even worse off than his state!

“Not good, Long Qingyun, dodge quickly!” The Ancient Dragon God immediately shouted anxiously.

Under the bloodline pressure, it was actually difficult for it to move. It was still overcoming it!

After they sensed the powerful power of this dragon’s soul, they were all shocked. They felt that the power of this dragon’s soul was more than several times stronger than that of the old Dragon God of Dragon Palace City.

Who exactly was this guy!

The Dragon Gods of the two eras were stunned by the power of the World Annihilation Dragon.

“Hey, hey, hey, I woke you up. Why are you looking for him?” Just as the World Annihilation Dragon reached out to the Dragon Emperor, a voice sounded.

This voice seemed to have broken through the frozen space. The Dragon Emperor retreated in relief and panted crazily.

As he retreated as if he was facing a great enemy, the young Dragon God immediately swayed and retreated with a cautious expression.

In fact, apart from them being very stunned, Shi Yu was also very stunned.

“What’s wrong with this guy?” At this moment, Shi Yu and Eleven also looked at the Mythical remnant soul in confusion.

Logically speaking, a Mythical remnant soul should be even weaker than those gods who had awakened from their sleep, but why did it feel that this guy was so fierce?

It gave Shi Yu the feeling that it was almost close to the Phoenix Man’s Phoenix.

“I seem to have awakened some impressive guy,” Shi Yu muttered to himself as he looked at the revived Demon Dragon.

“Dragon Emperor, do you know where this guy comes from?”

When Shi Yu asked, the World Destruction Demon Dragon and the Dragon Emperor looked at Shi Yu.

“#¥@%¥#@¥”

The Dragon Emperor, who had retreated, cursed. This guy didn’t know what was in the ruins, so he woke it up casually?

How could he want to kill someone he didn’t know?

Although he didn’t know the operating principle of Shi Yu awakening the divine dragon’s remnant soul with just a few words, the Dragon Emperor gritted his teeth in hatred towards Shi Yu.

He originally wanted to deal with such a dangerous guy alone and try to come into contact with him. Shi Yu’s arrival caught the Dragon Emperor off guard, and he was completely unprepared.

This time, it was over. Something big was about to happen. The Dragon Emperor felt that it was troublesome.

Shi Yu, this… This guy seems to be another side of the Ancestral Dragon! The World Destruction Demon Dragon is separated from the Ancestral Dragon!!

Because it wanted to replace the Ancestral Dragon’s main body and destroy the Blue Planet, it was suppressed by the Ancestral Dragon. It’s a very dangerous guy. I didn’t expect it to still be alive!

In the Beast Taming Space, Qi and Ling reminded Shi Yu with pleasantly surprised expressions.

It was a top-notch Mythical resource!

“What?”

Shi Yu had already sensed that the big guy in front of him was extraordinary. At this moment, when he learned its identity, he was stunned.

“You’re the clone of the Ancestral Dragon?” Shi Yu asked in shock.

Upon hearing that, the expressions of the two Dragon Gods and the young Dragon Emperor changed.

The Dragon Emperor didn’t expect Shi Yu to also recognize the other party’s identity. This way, his guess was even more confirmed.

If it was really that guy, he might encounter the greatest crisis in history.

“Ancestral Dragon…”

The two Dragon Gods were purely shocked.

Compared to humans, as dragons, they were clearly more sensitive to the word Ancestral Dragon.

As for the World Annihilation Dragon, that was a more sensitive term.

Even the dragon race was very afraid of this ancestor. It could be said that the dragon bloodline was very lucky to be passed down. With what the World Annihilation Dragon had done at that time, it was reasonable for this race to be completely destroyed.

“Roar!!!!!!”

At this moment, the one with the most intense emotional change was the World Annihilation Demon Dragon, whose movements were interrupted.

It was awakened by Shi Yu’s special telepathy. It originally planned to communicate with Shi Yu after it was done with its things.

But now, it had the urge to crush Shi Yu again.

“Ant, who are you calling that guy’s clone??” Its huge head was high and mighty as it looked down at Shi Yu and Eleven beside his leg.

Boom!!!

An Asura-like death aura pushed in all directions like illumination from the World Annihilation Dragon.

“Not good…”

The young Dragon God was forced back again. Waves of the dragon’s might came from the Dragon Emperor’s body. Nine dragons appeared and protected his body, but they couldn’t help but retreat.

Everyone was shocked by the power of the World Annihilation Dragon, but at the same time, they were worried about the current situation.

“Can you not randomly use deterrence?” At this moment, Shi Yu covered his face with his arm to block the killing intent and bad breath. He couldn’t help but say.