Chapter 1268 - 1268 Top-Notch Divine Resources Times Two (2)

1268 Top-notch Divine Resources Times Two (2)

“Not bad, I’m quite satisfied. It’s just that the dishes are served a little slowly.” Shi Yu smiled and said, “Sit, sit, let’s talk.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“I hit it off with you at first sight, so I won’t be polite. I ate a little more this time, but don’t be sad. Speaking of which, does the Western Dragon Empire also covet our Dong Huang and the Dragon Palace? I’ll also destroy their demigods another day.”

The corners of the young Dragon God’s and the Dragon Emperor’s mouths twitched. They didn’t doubt that Shi Yu had this ability.

“Do you also have a grudge with the demigods of the Dragon Empire?” the Dragon Emperor said. “Also, what does our Dong Huang mean?”

Shi Yu smiled and said, “It means that I’m also from Dong Huang. Emperor Wu, the empress, and I are all friends. I hope to become friends with you today.”

The Dragon Emperor was slightly stunned, but soon, he realized that the person in front of him was probably an old antique who had lived for thousands of years.

Although he didn’t know how Shi Yu, a human, had lived for so long, Long Qingyun wasn’t shocked at all when he heard Shi Yu say that he knew Emperor Wu and the empress. After all, these were nothing compared to Shi Yu easily dealing with the remnant soul of the World Annihilation Dragon.

“We’re willing to be friends with you.”

“However, I won’t trouble you with the Dragon Empire. Although the Western Dragon Empire has some friction with Dragon Palace City and the Dong Huang Dynasty, the existence of such a potential enemy from afar is a good thing for the development of Dong Huang and Dragon Palace City,” Long Qingyun said.

“Born in worry and suffering, you die in peace. If you don’t even have enemies, many internal conflicts will gradually arise. With me around, the Dragon Empire can’t cause any waves.”

Facing the remnant soul of the World Annihilation Dragon, the Dragon Emperor was helpless. However, it was only a demigod faction in the later era. He was fully confident that he could resist it.

Under the alliance between Dong Huang and the Dragon Palace, if they were even afraid of a Dragon Empire, they wouldn’t be able to survive.

“Uh.” Shi Yu was slightly silent. It was mainly because he wanted to harvest resources! However, Shi Yu thought for a moment. The Dragon Empire started a war with Dragon Palace City and Dong Huang after the Dragon Emperor died. Only the Dragon God dealt with it alone.

Even so, the two parties still fought for hundreds of years until the Space Emperor rose and defeated the Dragon Empire.

Now that he had dealt with the remnant soul of the World Annihilation Dragon, the Dragon Empire indeed didn’t seem to be a threat to Dragon Palace City and Dong Huang.

[Shi Yu, let’s not interfere too much. Leave the Dragon Empire to the two of them to deal with.] The Ancient Dragon God spoke to Shi Yu telepathically.

“Uh.” Shi Yu suspected that the Dragon God wanted to matchmake the Dragon God and the Dragon Emperor of this space and time to give them more opportunities to fight side by side, but he had no evidence.

[Senior Dragon God, come and eat too. Show your face.]

Dragon God: “No.”

Shi Yu was helpless. She just watched after coming here. Seriously…

“Sir Shi Yu, is the question you asked me just now very important to you?” the Dragon Emperor said.

“Actually, I only learned recently that the mastermind behind those Mythical Ruins is the remnant soul of the Ancestral Dragon. I deduced it from the clues obtained in the Dragon God Ruins.”

“At that time, after I learned this information, I vaguely felt a sense of danger and thought of ways to solve it.”

“However, I haven’t had time to prepare at all.”

“What measures?” Shi Yu asked.

“If the opponent is really the remnant soul of the World Annihilation Dragon, then no matter how hard I work, I can’t defeat it. Therefore, the method I will choose is to seal it.”

“When I explored the Dragon God Ruins this time, I specifically searched for a seal-type divine-level resource.”

“Seal…” Shi Yu muttered. That made sense. With the strength of the Dragon Emperor, it wasn’t impossible for him to fight a powerful demigod like Yun An and a demigod-level enfeeble god. It was still uncertain who would win, but it was too difficult for him to fight the Dragon Ancestor.

Although it was a remnant soul, it was also a huge challenge for the Dragon Emperor, who had dragon pets.

Relying on sealing might be the only choice.

From the original history, all the Dragon Emperors had died in this battle, and the enemy was nowhere to be found. Therefore, did the seal fail or succeed?

But at least it was certain that the other party didn’t successfully possess it.

“Can you show me the sealing tool?” Shi Yu said.

When Long Qingyun heard that, he nodded and took out a pearl. “This is said to be a tool left behind by the Mythical Dragon Race to seal the enemy… But I don’t know how to use it yet.”

Pearl…

Shi Yu stared at the pearl the Dragon Emperor took out. After a moment of silence, he suddenly stood up.

Damn.

This was…

“Sir Shi Yu?” Seeing Shi Yu suddenly stand up, the Dragon Emperor was stunned. The young Dragon God beside him also looked at Shi Yu, whose expression had changed drastically, in confusion.

“What’s wrong with this tool?”

“Damn.” Shi Yu couldn’t help but curse as he looked straight at the sealing pearl the Dragon Emperor took out.

He had come into contact with this thing!!

On the eve of the World Tournament, at the Rongguang Archeological Conference.

As the winner, Shi Yu obtained the opportunity to choose two mythical resources of the alliance as prizes.

Heart of Eternal Frost, Soul Pearl, and World Tree Fruit. He chose the last two of the three optional mythical resources!

Among them, he ate the World Tree Fruit. Because it was useless to him, Chi Tong’s level at that time was suppressed, and it couldn’t be swallowed. Therefore, Shi Yu gave it to the Dong Huang Association to study.

He would first study whether the mythical remnant soul inside was friend or foe first.

In the end, Shi Yu was stunned when he saw the sealing pearl, which was identical to the Soul Pearl the Dragon Emperor took out.