Chapter 1266 - 1266 Wuwu Dragon God Palace, My Dragon God Palace (4)

1266 Wuwu Dragon God Palace, My Dragon God Palace (4)

“Who… exactly are you?”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Its voice gradually turned from rough to weak.

“Don’t say it so early. How do you know I can’t defeat you before the end?” As Shi Yu finished speaking, he put away his sword and imprisoned the World Annihilation Dragon’s remnant soul in Chi Tong’s undead space.

Crack.

In the next moment, the Creation Domain shattered. After Shi Yu finished work, everyone returned to the Dragon Palace mystic realm.

Shi Yu also exited the possession state, leaving a panda that had almost deflated floating back to Shi Yu’s side. Shi Yu smiled and paid attention to the remnant soul of the World Annihilation Dragon in Chi Tong’s undead space. He felt that he had gained a lot.

“This…”

At this moment, the Dragon God who had come with Shi Yu was still alright, but the Ancient Dragon God and the Dragon Emperor had already completely lost their ability to think. They looked at Shi Yu and couldn’t believe what they had seen and sensed.

The true ancestor of the dragon bloodline separated by the Ancestral Dragon, the remnant soul of the World Destruction Dragon, was killed effortlessly by the Beast Tamer in front of him?

Those were… three demigod levels just now?

They were certain that, be it the black and white bear, the Green Dragon, or the undead that possessed Shi Yu, they were all demigod-level lives.

The person in front of him actually contracted three demigod-level pets?

Who exactly was he… The current them, like the World Annihilation Dragon just now, were once again deeply confused by Shi Yu’s identity.

At the same time, they retreated again as if facing a great enemy.

“Don’t worry, I said I’m not the enemy. My goal is only it,” Shi Yu said. “The remnant soul of the World Annihilation Dragon, its undead crystal, should contain top-notch world-destroying laws. If it was at its peak or in an era where laws revived, it would definitely be extremely difficult to hunt it.”

“This time, I picked up a bargain.” Shi Yu smiled.

No matter how strong the World Annihilation Dragon was, in this era with incomplete laws, it was at most at the demigod level.

Moreover, it was a remnant soul. In terms of individual battle power, it was at most comparable to the Phoenix Man’s Star Phoenix. It was simply too easy to deal with.

At this moment, as Shi Yu finished speaking, the Ancient Dragon God and the Dragon Emperor were shocked.

Shi Yu chased after the remnant soul of the World Annihilation Dragon for resources?

The target was a resource dropped by a top-notch god after its death? Did this make sense?

Both parties opened their mouths wide. They had never seen it before, nor did they dare to imagine that there would be such a crazy Beast Tamer.

[Stop teasing them.] At this moment, the Dragon God, who had come with Shi Yu, couldn’t stand it anymore and couldn’t help but send a helpless voice transmission.

She felt that with Shi Yu’s help, she and the Dragon Emperor in the past would gradually have a wrong understanding of the world.

Alright, alright, alright. Seeing that the Senior Dragon God had spoken, Shi Yu immediately nodded.

“By the way, you should know that there’s such a thing in the ruins you’re carrying, right?” At this moment, Shi Yu asked the Dragon Emperor.

“Have you thought about what method you would choose and where to deal with it if I didn’t appear?”

“What do you want?” The Dragon Emperor was still rather cautious.

Shi Yu was silent. What else could I want?

If your plan fails, perhaps I can still rely on clues to kill the remnant soul of the Origin Space-Time World Annihilation Dragon that you haven’t resolved!

At that time, I will have double the resources!

“Forget it, there’s no hurry. Think about it carefully. In short, I’ve helped you solve such a big hidden danger. You can invite me to participate in the Dragon God Ascension ceremony and treat us to a meal, right?” Shi Yu asked.

“Wu wu wu!!!” Eleven, who was beside Shi Yu’s leg, also raised its hand.

Food, food!

Give Shi Yu food quickly. They couldn’t let Shi Yu snatch its bamboo anymore.

The Ancient Dragon God and the Dragon Emperor looked at each other and fell into deep thought. Although they felt that these guys had mysterious origins, they really didn’t look like enemies??

The request was only as simple as eating.

“Sure,” the young Dragon God said after a moment of silence.

“It’s over.” Upon hearing her young self say this, the Dragon God from a thousand years later fell silent. She felt that her young self’s coronation banquet might fail midway.