Chapter 1262 - 1262 Shi Yu, Dragon Emperor, Dragon God (4)

1262 Shi Yu, Dragon Emperor, Dragon God (4)

“What’s your goal?”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Shi Yu smiled. “I’m here to pursue an old enemy.”

He looked at the Dragon Emperor, and in an instant, the Dragon Emperor frowned and emanated a formidable presence as he said, “I don’t remember that I have a grudge with you.”

“Don’t misunderstand. The enemy I’m referring to is that,” Shi Yu said. “Have you obtained the recognition of a Mythical Ruins and bound to it?”

“In that Mythical Ruins, there’s the remnant soul of a god from the Mythical Era. I have a grudge with it.”

“So you covet my treasure.” Seeing this, the Dragon Emperor finally knew Shi Yu’s goal. Just like the Dragon Palace’s totem dragon king back then, he coveted his Mythical Ruins.

“No, although that’s a treasure, it might also take your life. The goal of the Mythical remnant soul inside nurturing you is to build a compatible body and possess you. If you don’t give it to me and mess around yourself, something will definitely happen in the end.”

As Shi Yu finished speaking, the pupils of the Dragon Emperor and the young Dragon God constricted.

The person in front of him knew something.

Shi Yu smiled and said, “Since you don’t believe me, I’ll chat with it and watch carefully. Let it come out itself.”

Shi Yu directly used telepathy to communicate with the Mythical Ruins carried by the Dragon Emperor from afar and said, “The guy inside, if you can hear me, get out.”

“Do you want to know what happened after the Ancestral Dragon brought the Mythical Dragon Race to the starry sky of the universe?”

“Do you want to know how I beat up the three dragon gods left on the Blue Planet?”

“Do you want to know what news the Phoenix Race god who left the Blue Planet brought to the Phoenix Race from the starry sky of the universe?”

“Do you want to know how the ancestor of the Kirin Race died after entering the Universe Sea?”

“After hiding for so long, aren’t you prepared to attack?” Shi Yu said playfully.

Every word he said shocked the Dragon Emperor and the Dragon God opposite him. The Ancestral Dragon brought the Mythical Dragon Race to the starry sky? He beat up the Dragon Race god? The Phoenix Race god… brought back news?

What was going on?

At the same time.

Within the mythical relic carried by the Dragon Emperor, a lustrous radiance emanated from a dragon pupil that resembled a dark star. In its iris, there was also a profound sense of shock.

Who was it?

Shi Yu’s words directly awakened the Mythical remnant soul in the Mythical Ruins.

In fact, Shi Yu didn’t know the identity of the soul inside either, but he felt that this explosive information could most likely lure the Blue Planet god out…

As expected…

Crack!!!

Space cracks appeared, and endless black mist spread out from the dimensional ruins. An aura that was terrifying enough to crush totems leaked from the spatial cracks.

“You…” At this moment, sensing that Shi Yu had really awakened the Mythical remnant soul in the Mythical Ruins with a few words, the Dragon Emperor’s expression changed drastically.

It realized that something was wrong.

“Bastard, do you know what you’re doing?”

He didn’t expect Shi Yu to really awaken the sleeping Mythical remnant soul.

It wasn’t a good thing for this guy to wake up.

Although he had said that he didn’t know if the other party was friend or foe, he judged that it was very likely an enemy.

Because, according to his investigation and deduction, the mastermind behind the Mythical Ruins that recognized him as the master was very likely the ancestor of the dragon race, the Ancestral Dragon!

No, or rather, it was the dark side of the Ancestral Dragon!

In the legends, in the Mythical Era, the ancestor of the dragon race, the Ancestral Dragon, had the power to create the world and destroy the world. In order to break through and surpass the divine level, it thought of countless methods. In the end, it came to the conclusion that the power in its body was too complicated and not conducive to transcendence.

Therefore, it completely separated a portion of the uncoordinated power and divided itself into two.

After separating the power, the Ancestral Dragon not only didn’t weaken in strength, but further honed its abilities. However, what the Ancestral Dragon didn’t anticipate was that the power it split off became a World Destruction Demon Dragon.

It became the ancestor of the dragon bloodline.

In the end, the Ancestral Dragon’s main body suppressed the World Destruction Dragon, leaving only this Legendary section.

According to the Dragon Emperor’s deduction, the mastermind of the Mythical Ruins he had obtained was very likely the remnant soul of the World Destruction Dragon that had separated from the Ancestral Dragon!

…