Chapter 1261 - 1261 Shi Yu, Dragon Emperor, Dragon God (3)

1261 Shi Yu, Dragon Emperor, Dragon God (3)

“What’s wrong?” Shi Yu flew in midair with his psychic power and turned around in confusion. He saw the Dragon God stammering over there. In the end, the Dragon God sighed and said, “It’s alright. Let’s go.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Shi Yu raised his eyebrows. Something was wrong. Could it be that she didn’t want him to bump into anything?

…

At this moment, the door of Dragon Palace City was open. It welcomed the sea beasts from all over the world to witness the new Dragon God ascend the throne.

The current new Dragon God’s strength had yet to reach demigod level and wasn’t enough to suppress the East Sea. However, because she had formed an alliance with the current strongest faction on land, Dong Huang, no one dared to have any thoughts.

After all, the Dragon Emperor of Dong Huang was ferocious. Not only did he kill the demigods who occupied the east, but he also joined forces with the new Dragon God to kill the Dragon Palace’s Old Dragon God. The battle results of the two demigods killing were already considered the first tier of experts on the Blue Planet.

Now, a large number of sea beasts had entered Dragon Palace City. Those subdued totem dragon kings were presiding over the overall situation, and the two protagonists of the Dragon God Dragon Palace who had caused this huge incident were communicating here.

One of the protagonists had the body of an Eastern dragon. Its color was like the fusion of the sky and the ocean. Its entire body was coordinated with nature. Just from its expression, one could tell that it was a little female dragon. It was delicate and had a proud aura.

“Long Qingyun, are you hiding something from me?”

“I’ve already let you explore the Dragon God Ruins. It’s time to tell me what you’ve discovered, right?”

The other protagonist was a young man in his 30s in a black and golden dragon robe. He smiled and said, “Sister Ah Tian, I did discover something, but it’s not that important.”

The Dragon God frowned and said, “I’m the Dragon God now.”

The Dragon Emperor shrugged and said, “Alright, Your Majesty Dragon God, it’s just that the Mythical Ruins I obtained when I was young might indeed be controlled by a mastermind, and I wonder what the mastermind’s goal is.”

After a moment of silence, the Dragon God said, “Then what do you plan to do?”

Long Qingyun said, “I’ve never used it after reaching the legendary level, but I plan to open it again when I’m free.”

“No matter what the goal of the spirit of the ruins is, it has helped me so much. I’ve accepted its inheritance, so there’s no reason not to face it once.”

“Don’t worry, it’ll be fine. My life is up to me, not the heavens. No one can control my fate,” the Dragon Emperor said confidently. On the other side, the Dragon God was rather silent.

“Cough, cough, cough, cough. Sorry to disturb you.” Just as the two parties were communicating, a discordant voice sounded. Shi Yu walked in while the expressions of the ancient Dragon God and the Dragon Emperor changed.

Shi Yu looked at the Dragon Emperor, who was shouting “My life is up to me”, and the Dragon God, who seemed to be used to this, in confusion.

[He’s always been like this.] In the dark, the Dragon God, who had come from the modern era, observed the Dragon Emperor, Long Qingyun. At first, she felt absent-minded and nostalgic, then she felt a headache.

Long before the legendary tales of the Dragon Emperor and Long Qingyun came to be, she had already formed a blood feud with the old Dragon God of Dragon Palace City, and Dragon Palace City also coveted Long Qingyun’s Dragon Race Mythical Ruins. The enemy of her enemy became her friend.

Both parties were super geniuses. The Dragon God was the daughter of two totems and had the aptitude of a demigod. As for the Dragon Emperor, he naturally had legendary aptitude.

They joined forces and were unstoppable. In the end, both parties overthrew the regime of Dragon Palace City together. They could be said to be comrades with very good relationships. The Dragon God naturally knew Long Qingyun very well. Using the Dragon God’s own evaluation, he was a very proud and responsible human genius.

After a thousand years, the Dragon God couldn’t help but feel emotional when she saw her old comrade and her young self.

[Shi Yu, I’ll leave it to you.] After the Dragon God finished speaking, Shi Yu had already faced the young Dragon God and the Dragon Emperor. The two of them looked at Shi Yu, who had entered the Dragon Palace without anyone noticing, as if they were facing a great enemy, and were shocked.

He actually invaded here without them noticing. Who was this young man?

“Roar!!!” The young Dragon God could be said to be quite irritable. It immediately erupted with a strong dragon’s might and suppressed the others.

Seeing that she was so reckless when she was young, the Dragon God couldn’t help but fall silent. She had already expected this outcome…

As expected, Shi Yu and Eleven’s expressions didn’t change in the face of this dragon’s might that was close to demigod pressure.

Pa. Beside Shi Yu’s leg, Panda King Eleven patted its stomach. It immediately exploded like a thunderclap. All the dragon’s might disintegrated, making the expressions of the young Dragon God and the Dragon Emperor change drastically.

“Who are you?” the Dragon Emperor said in disbelief. Although the Dragon God had yet to reach the demigod level, she was only a step away. She was much stronger than his trump card pet. Unless it was a group battle, it was impossible for him to defeat the Dragon God.

The dragon’s might just now could be said to be enough to make ordinary, top-notch totems fall into a difficult situation. However, this black and white bear in front of him only patted its stomach and broke the dragon’s might?

It was at demigod level!

In an instant, the young Dragon God and the Dragon Emperor understood that they had come with ill intentions.

The mysterious human and demigod-level pet… This combination really made it difficult for both parties to determine Shi Yu’s identity. This configuration was unprecedented.

“Well, I’m not an enemy. Don’t be excited.” Shi Yu scratched his cheek that was strangely itchy from the dragon’s might with one finger and said, “Let me introduce myself. My name is Shi Yu.”

“Lord Dragon God, Lord Dragon Emperor, hello.”

Shi Yu?

He had never heard of him!

Seeing the person in front of them suddenly enter and address them so politely, the young Dragon God and the Dragon Emperor were even more puzzled and nervous.