Chapter 1267 - 1267 Top-Notch Divine Resources Times Two (1)

1267 Top-notch Divine Resources Times Two (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Wu wu wu wu wu~

Roar, roar, roar~

Yiya, ya, ya~

Delightful cries resounded on an island in the Dragon Palace mystic realm with the background music released by Ling.

“Little ones, eat to your heart’s content. Don’t stand on ceremony.”

Shi Yu held the Dragon Blood Wine and gulped it down. Although he felt that it was disgusting, it would be a pity not to drink such a precious thing.

“Nom!” Eleven wolfed down the metal resources like a crazy bear.

Although Buggy had evolved into a dragon, it still continued its eating habits during the worm era and ate legendary fruits.

Baby Ginseng, on the other hand, gulped down rare water and watered itself.

Although Shi Yu and the others had just eaten before coming, they were consuming it at a high speed at all times. It was equivalent to eating breakfast and lunch. It wasn’t a problem at all.

“Lord Dragon God… No, something’s wrong!”

The Turtle Prime Minister, who was in charge of the coronation banquet, ran over to report to the Dragon God with tears in his eyes. “The high-level food prepared for the overlords and totems at the coronation banquet has already been consumed halfway in just 10 minutes.”

“If this continues, after the coronation banquet starts… the Dragon Kings might not even have food.”

The Dragon God : “…”

The Dragon Emperor : “…”

“We saw it.”

The two of them had actually seen it the whole time. Shi Yu summoned another pile of monster pets. All of them had shocking appetites. Even Shi Yu’s appetite was comparable to that of a totem dragon. It really made the Dragon God and the Dragon Emperor speechless.

They originally thought that Shi Yu’s words of “inviting me to a banquet and treating me to a meal” were just polite, but they didn’t expect it to be a trap.

With just Shi Yu summoning this pile of guys, it might not be long before he could eat Dragon Palace City up just by eating.

Other people were basically sleeping at the demigod level…

Shi Yu, on the other hand, brought several demigods to fight every day. If they didn’t starve, who would?

“Shi Yu, Shi Yu, I’ve already disintegrated that remnant soul.” The mini sword Ji Chi Tong, who was sitting on the floating spiritual sword, didn’t eat the food of Dragon Palace City with everyone. Instead, it was disintegrating the remnant soul of the World Annihilation Dragon alone.

After the decomposition was completed, it immediately communicated with Shi Yu telepathically.

“How is it? Did you obtain any useful information?” Shi Yu asked.

Chi Tong shook its head and said, “No, the other party’s memories are all incomplete. This should be a little remnant soul that escaped after being suppressed by the Ancestral Dragon back then. Apart from some skill EXP, there’s almost no useful information left. However, the other party is indeed guiding the Dragon Emperor step by step, wanting to nurture him and the nine dragon pets into his body.”

“Since you don’t have it, forget it. You absorb it.” Shi Yu took a bite of a prawn leg.

“Alright~” Chi Tong was very happy. It felt that the Destruction EXP mastered by the World Annihilation Dragon was very compatible with the Vermillion Bird Divine Fire.

“There’s no hurry. Let’s talk about it when your Spirit Release proficiency is high. When the time comes, the Effect of the Spirit Release will be better,” Shi Yu said.

The Destruction Law was also the prototype of a top-notch law, corresponding to the Creation Law.

Back then, when the Ancestral Dragon was in its complete form, it mastered the two top-notch laws of creation and destruction. It was very powerful, so it was known as the Dragon of Creation and Destruction.

However, in fact, it proved that mastering two opposing top-notch laws wasn’t necessarily a good thing.

Because of this, the Ancestral Dragon was at a bottleneck for a long time. Only when it separated from the World Destruction Dragon did its strength improve.

It was also because of the impressive titles of the Ancestral Dragon Creation and the Dragon of Destruction that, after the Green Dragon Legendary was created, in the future, people placed it side by side with the Green Dragon.

But in fact, although the Ancestral Dragon was very strong, the power it mastered was still a little different from that of the Green Dragon.

In terms of the quality of the divine skill alone, the creation law contained in Buggy’s creation domain was clearly above the creation law of the Ancestral Dragon. After all, the creation law was the ability of planet-type life forms to open up a world. Of course, Buggy couldn’t be considered to have mastered the complete creation law now. It needed to rely on the power of faith to use it, and the restrictions were too big.

But when Buggy left the power of faith and could also use the laws of creation, it would definitely be much stronger than the Ancestral Dragon.

This was also suitable for Eleven and the World Annihilation Dragon.

In Shi Yu’s opinion, Eleven’s Destruction Law was also more practical than the World Annihilation Dragon’s Destruction Law. Although these two divine skills were similar, the former was actually more microscopic, while the latter was more macroscopic.

In terms of destroying a country, perhaps the World Annihilation Dragon was better, but in terms of destroying the enemy’s battle intent, stats, memories, and deeper things, Eleven’s Yin Yang Millstone was better.

Shi Yu estimated that when Eleven’s Yin Yang Millstone level increased, it should be able to even obliterate Baby Ginseng’s time mark and make its revival fail.

“If the original space and time still have the remnant soul of the World Annihilation Dragon, I’ll refine it for Little Ji.”

Shi Yu muttered to himself in his heart. It was relatively difficult for Eleven to absorb this. The types of resources didn’t match, and the benefits were decreasing. On the other hand, Little Ji, as a mechanical life form, didn’t refuse anything. It could let Ling help modify and evolve.

Its Cataclysm Skill was only a Normal divine skill, but due to its nature, it was more compatible with the Destruction Law. After absorbing it, it could undoubtedly make the divine skill stronger, and the cost-effective ratio was extremely high.

“Roar?” Little Ji, who was eating dirt, raised its head slightly and looked at the thoughtful Shi Yu. Although Shi Yu had yet to say anything, it kept feeling like something good would happen recently.

After watching Shi Yu, Little Ji looked at the young Dragon God and the Dragon Emperor who were walking over.

“Sir Shi Yu, are you satisfied?” The young Dragon God looked at the messy food on the ground in pain.