Chapter 1260 - 1260 Shi Yu, Dragon Emperor, Dragon God (2)

1260 Shi Yu, Dragon Emperor, Dragon God (2)

At the side, the Dragon God looked at the serious Shi Yu with a burning gaze. In fact, when she first asked Shi Yu for help, she didn’t have much hope. She didn’t think that Shi Yu could crack the Space-Time Dragon Vein. Although Shi Yu had cracked the Blue Sea Ruins, the Space-Time Ruins were clearly higher-level.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

However, as Shi Yu grew up step by step and became the strongest archeologist on the Blue Planet, the savior of the Blue Planet appointed by the World Tree, the fire of hope slowly ignited in the Dragon God.

“Can it succeed?” The Dragon God prayed in her heart. Slowly, pink and white light spread from the Space-Time Dragon Vein under the island, surging and sweeping up the time hexagram Shi Yu had drawn.

Buzz!

In the next moment, the power of the Space-Time Dragon Vein turned into a domain that wrapped around Shi Yu, the Dragon God, and the others. With a spatial wave, they directly disappeared from this space-time.

…

1100 years ago.

On the chaotic and lonely sea.

Three figures appeared out of thin air on this Desolate Island in pink and white spatial light.

The Dragon God fell from the sky through teleportation and immediately stabilized her body with a confused expression.

Shi Yu, on the other hand, was already experienced. He steadily caught Eleven, pressed it back onto his shoulder, and sized up his surroundings.

“Senior Dragon God, I succeeded,” Shi Yu said in surprise. “I really succeeded!”

[Qi: Disgusted face.]

“We’ve already returned to a thousand years ago.” Shi Yu woke up the Dragon God, who was a little dizzy. At this moment, the Dragon God looked around in disbelief and was shocked by the spatial rejection power.

“We really succeeded??”

“Of course. I only studied the mere Space-Time Ruins for two days before cracking it. However, the energy in the dragon vein might only be able to support us messing around this time,” Shi Yu said.

[Qi: Hmph, hmph, hmph…] In the ruins space, Qi had dark circles under her eyes. Forget it, whatever Shi Yu said. However, the most gossipy thing now was what the Dragon God planned to do and how to face the Dragon Emperor of this era.

Of course, Shi Yu also shared the gossip news about the Dragon God and the Dragon Emperor with his pets. What would the Dragon God do if it was love that crossed a thousand years?

Chi Tong, Susu, Qi, and the others sat on stools, hugging sunflowers and munching on melon seeds. Beside them was a big watermelon, sharing Shi Yu’s vision and paying attention to the outside world.

“Shi Yu…” The Dragon God looked at Shi Yu and was silent for a long time. “I think I better not appear. Can you help me deal with the mythical remnant soul in the ruins Long Qingyun brought?”

“Aren’t you going to do it yourself?” Shi Yu was stunned. “Not appear? You won’t even see Senior Dragon Emperor?”

The Dragon God shook her head and said, “There’s another me in this space and time, but there are no you guys. I don’t want to interfere with them because of my appearance, so I’ll just quietly pay attention in the dark.”

“Don’t tell them my identity either.”

“This…” Shi Yu massaged his temples slightly. Women were troublesome. However, the situation of the Dragon God was indeed difficult to deal with. It was indeed not a problem for her to transmigrate back and snatch a man from her past self. Even Shi Yu felt that it was troublesome.

Perhaps the Dragon God also felt that it wasn’t suitable, so she planned to only ask him to save the Dragon Emperor and take a look from afar?

“Actually, we can change our appearance. right?” Shi Yu said. “Why don’t…”

The Dragon God shook her head. “No need, just do as I say.”

Shi Yu : “…”

“Wu wu wu!” Eleven patted Shi Yu and told him to give up. Women’s hearts were like needles at the bottom of the sea. It was better not to care!

It stretched out the bamboo in front of Shi Yu and asked him if he wanted to take a bite.

“Give it to me.” Shi Yu pulled the bamboo over and used his psychic power to strengthen his teeth. Under Eleven’s shocked expression, he took a bite and ate it before putting the remaining bamboo back into the ruins.

With his monster physique and physical control, Shi Yu could also absorb the nutrition of the metal-element bamboo, but his digestion was slower.

“Eat later. Next, we have to do business. Let’s find the Dragon Emperor first,” Shi Yu said to Eleven, who was holding out its palm with tears in its eyes.

Bamboo… Bamboo… Eleven couldn’t help but collapse.

On this day, Eleven recalled the fear of being dominated by the bamboo shoots again.

He understood. The team was in a famine. Was Shi Yu also a beggar who can’t be a chooser?!

…

Shi Yu and the Dragon God headed straight to Dong Huang.

However, just as they advanced halfway, they changed their itinerary and advanced toward Dragon Palace City.

They sensed that in the East Sea, a large number of powerful sea creatures were gathering towards Dragon Palace City, as if something big had happened over there.

Shi Yu captured an overlord old turtle to ask before learning that the Dragon Palace had undergone a coup. The new Dragon God, the Heavenly Sea Divine Dragon, was about to ascend the throne, and the various factions had to pay their respects.

Shi Yu, the Dragon God, Eleven, Buggy in the Beast Taming Space : “…”

What a coincidence.

“Could it be that the current time node is that Dong Huang’s Legendary Emperor and Dragon Emperor have just joined forces with you to overthrow the previous Dragon God’s rule of Dragon Palace City, Senior?”

“In theory, Senior Dragon Emperor should also be in the Dragon Palace for this celebration banquet, right?”

The Dragon God said, “Well, at this time, I don’t have the strength of a demigod yet. I’m only close, but soon, and he’s already a Legendary Beast Tamer. For a long time, he’s been exploring the ruins of the Dragon Palace to cultivate and staying in Dragon Palace City.”

“Let’s go, let’s go take a look.” Shi Yu couldn’t wait anymore. Not only could he see the Dragon Emperor, but he could also see the Dragon God!

At this time, Senior Dragon God should still have a dragon body and had yet to evolve into a humanoid dragon girl.

“Wait, wait.” The Dragon God suddenly stopped.