Chapter 1264 - 1264 Wuwu Dragon God Palace, My Dragon God Palace (2)

1264 Wuwu Dragon God Palace, My Dragon God Palace (2)

What was going on?

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

He originally thought that the Mythical Ruins that recognized the Dragon Emperor as its master was at most a low-level god behind the scenes.

In the end, it was the dragon ancestor separated by the Ancestral Dragon?

A guy with peak strength comparable to a top-notch god?

Logically speaking, shouldn’t such a guy be unable to stay on the Blue Planet?

However, Shi Yu looked at its state. At the moment, it was only a remnant soul. It couldn’t be considered a complete World Destruction Demon Dragon at all. Perhaps this was why it could still stay on the Blue Planet?

Alright, as long as he didn’t lose out!

There were no feelings involved. It was all business.

“It’s actually you!” At the same time, the transmigrated Dragon God, who had been secretly paying attention, also had a complicated expression.

She naturally knew the legend of the Ancestral Dragon splitting into two.

So the Dragon Emperor at that time was facing an enemy of this level alone?

In fact, what the Dragon God wanted to know the most when she followed Shi Yu this time was whether the Dragon Emperor had successfully dealt with that Mythical remnant soul.

According to various signs, the outcome was that the Dragon Emperor and the Mythical remnant soul perished together. However, the Dragon God couldn’t be sure.

At this moment, after determining the identity of the Mythical remnant soul, the Dragon God had momentarily conflicting feelings. Even if she acknowledged the Dragon Emperor’s strength, she was a little hesitant.

She didn’t think that the Dragon Emperor could defeat the other side of the Ancestral Dragon. After all, although it wasn’t a complete individual and was only a remnant soul, the ancestor of the dragon bloodline was still in existence with top-notch divine battle power at the peak.

However, even if the Dragon Emperor couldn’t deal with the Mythical remnant soul… it didn’t matter.

As long as the remnant soul of the World Annihilation Dragon was still alive, when they returned to the original space and time, they could continue to take revenge for the Dragon Emperor!!

[Shi Yu, do you need help?] the Dragon God asked telepathically.

“There’s no need.”

“So be it. Why are you roaring so loudly?” Shi Yu lowered his arm and looked at the dragon opposite him with disdain.

“Roar!!!” The remnant soul of the World Destruction Demon Dragon roared and looked at Shi Yu and the others fiercely.

If it weren’t for the fact that there was something it still wanted to understand from Shi Yu, it really wanted to crush this human with a claw.

“Ant, remember my true name, the World Annihilation Dragon.”

“Yes, yes. The World Annihilation Dragon, right?” Shi Yu looked at the surrounding Ancient Dragon God and the Dragon Emperor, who were still in a cautious state, and said,

“This guy doesn’t look like a good dragon at a glance. When I beat it up later, you won’t help it, right?”

“Don’t interfere. This guy is my hunting target.” Shi Yu gritted his teeth and revealed a smile, his eyes bright.

“As for you guys, just watch obediently from the side and protect Dragon Palace City.”

At this moment, as Shi Yu finished speaking, the World Annihilation Dragon was suddenly furious.

“You have a death wish!!”

The Ancient Dragon God and the Dragon Emperor were also a little stunned.

What exactly was the background of this human?

After knowing the other party’s identity, what nonsense was he saying?

Did he really want to hunt the remnant soul of the World Annihilation Dragon?

At that moment, the brains of the Ancient Dragon God and the Dragon Emperor were still in a mess. Because things had completely exceeded their imagination and the scope of their ability to solve them, they didn’t know what to do for a moment.

However, there was no need for them to make a choice. In the next moment, what stunned the Ancient Dragon God and the Dragon Emperor was that Shi Yu really attacked.

The black and white bear that had been following Shi Yu rushed out.

In the face of the deterrence of the World Destruction Demon Dragon, it was completely calm.

Although they had just realized that this black and white bear was very strong, seeing it attack so calmly, they still couldn’t imagine it.

The World Annihilation Dragon was the true ancestor of the dragon race.

It was at the top of the creatures.

In theory, any life form was subject to its suppression, but this black and white bear collided with it like flowing water!

“Wuu!! (Eleven works, Chi Tong eats more, charge, charge!)” Eleven roared.

Zi. Zi. Zi.

With a flash of black and white lightning on its body, nine Iron-eating Beast phantoms appeared on its body. With a boom, under the enhancement of these phantoms, it turned into a bolt of lightning. As the floor of the Dragon God Palace shattered and space trembled, the World Annihilation Demon Dragon couldn’t believe that there was actually an ant who dared to challenge it. It immediately waved its angry dragon claws!!

Boom!!!

Under the incomparable collision, the surrounding Dragon God Palace instantly turned into powder. Eleven’s figure stopped in midair and collided, but it was stopped by the World Annihilation Dragon’s dragon claw. The two parties were at a stalemate. Between the dragon’s claw and its body, the energy tide was violent, like an erupting volcano, constantly leaking and shaking everything.

The dazzling buildings of the Dragon God Palace were shattered by the aftermath of this leak.

Seeing this, the expression of the Ancient Dragon God changed.

After all, this Dragon God Palace was specially built with many very expensive and rare materials in order to ascend the throne.

At this moment, probably only the Dragon God herself paid attention to her aggrieved gaze and broken heart when she was young.

She couldn’t help but sigh.

Forget it, this was a worldly possession. When she was young, she wasn’t mature yet. At the moment, the most important thing should be the battle.

“Is that all?” At this moment, a claw blocked the impact of Eleven. The remnant soul of the World Annihilation Dragon sensed Eleven’s power and sneered.

“Turn into dregs.” However, at this moment, sensing that Eleven’s strength was still increasing and even wanting to defeat it in the power collision, the World Annihilation Dragon continued to show a disdainful expression. Its other dragon claw was smashed over again!

This time, it wasn’t an ordinary attack. There was also a strong destructive power wrapped around it. Under the trembling of the sound of laws, not only the Dragon God Palace, but the entire island began to collapse, and the entire Dragon Palace mystic realm began to tremble.