Chapter 1265 - 1265 Wuwu Dragon God Palace, My Dragon God Palace (3)

1265 Wuwu Dragon God Palace, My Dragon God Palace (3)

Even outside the Dragon Palace, the changes in the currents became chaotic. Countless sea creatures seemed to have sensed the arrival of the cataclysm and fled.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

An attack that contained the power of the Destruction of the World!

Such a quasi-divine skill directly made the expressions of the Dragon Emperor and the Ancient Dragon God change drastically, and they were continuously moved.

“Tian, let’s help this bastard. At this rate, forget about Dragon Palace City, a huge disaster will happen to the entire Blue Planet!” the Dragon Emperor said to the Ancient Dragon God.

“Alright¦” Due to the suppression of its bloodline, the Ancient Dragon God really couldn’t resist at this moment. However, in the face of the Dragon Emperor’s words, it still nodded heavily.

However, just as the two of them decided to help Shi Yu, they suddenly stopped and were stunned by the scene in front of them.

“What’s this?!”

The World Annihilation Dragon didn’t smash out with the Destruction Dragon Claw attack. Instead, it suddenly stopped in midair. This was because Eleven, who was opposite him, also stretched out its palm. On it, the Yin Yang Millstone spun, and the destructive power similarly emitted the sound of laws. Under the interweaving of the two sounds of laws, it was as if the world had been destroyed. Countless cracks appeared on Dragon God Island, and it swayed.

The terrifying big moves were both in the hands of both parties.

In terms of destructive power, they were on par.

“Go ahead, hit us.” Shi Yu was amused. He could tell that the World Annihilation Dragon opposite was putting on an act.

Although the other party was strong, it wasn’t that strong either. In this era before the revival of the laws, there were more things they were afraid of.

“You don’t want the soul that’s finally about to recover from its restoration to be injured again, right?” Shi Yu couldn’t help but chuckle when he saw the current situation of the World Annihilation Dragon’s remnant soul.

At this moment, looking at Eleven’s skill, the pupils of the World Annihilation Dragon’s remnant soul constricted. It couldn’t believe that the attack had never been thrown, and Eleven opposite was also maintaining restraint.

At that moment, when they saw the World Annihilation Claw Attack of the World Annihilation Dragon’s remnant soul and the Yin Yang Millstone in Eleven’s hand, the Dragon Emperor and the Ancient Dragon God had incredulous expressions.

These two guys were both monsters.

It was fine if the World Annihilation Dragon mastered such a powerful skill, but what was wrong with the guy opposite?

However…

If this continued, the entire Dragon Palace City would be destroyed by their battle.

“If this continues, neither of us will gain any advantage.”

“What did you mean just now? What do you know? Who exactly are you? Your goal shouldn’t be as simple as provoking me, right?” At this moment, after the remnant soul of the World Annihilation Dragon sensed Eleven’s power, it wasn’t that aggressive anymore.

He wanted to sit down with Shi Yu and communicate well.

Seeing this, the expressions of the Ancient Dragon God and the Dragon Emperor tensed.

However, in the next moment, their eyes widened in unison. They saw the black and white bear slap over, making the pupils of the World Annihilation Dragon tremble. It roared and smashed its dragon claws over too!

Boom!!!

The attacks of the two parties collided, and the power of the Destruction World bloomed. Just as the Ancient Dragon God and the Dragon Emperor were shocked and thought that Dragon Palace City was about to be destroyed, something unexpected happened.

Outside the aftermath, the world had just formed. Shi Yu and the others were directly pulled into another starry sky world by Buggy through the Creation Domain.

With a violent sound, the World Destroying Demon Dragon and Eleven flew backward and were smashed into two asteroids in the aftermath.

The Ancient Dragon God and the Dragon Emperor looked around.

Then, he saw a righteous scene.

A group fight.

“Roar!!!” The angry roar of the World Annihilation Dragon came from the starry sky. The color of the vast sky instantly changed, dyeing it dark blood red.

But then, the World Annihilation Dragon’s remnant soul was stunned.

He looked at the dragon’s body, which was like a god of creation higher in the starry sky, and the huge claw it smashed over.

Another demigod enemy!

“The power of creation?”

At this moment, it thought that the Ancestral Dragon had arrived, but when it saw the appearance of the huge Green Dragon God circling the starry sky, it realized that it was wrong. However, this power that exceeded everything, the World Annihilation Dragon’s remnant soul thought that it wasn’t wrong.

It blocked in shock, but it was instantly sent flying by the huge claw that covered the sky like a rubber ball, along with the asteroid.

Boom!

The asteroid shattered and turned into cosmic gravel, while the World Annihilation Dragon’s spiritual body continued to fall into the starry sky like a meteor.

“Green Dragon?!!!” At this moment, the Dragon Emperor, who was watching, sensed the loss of the power of the pile of Green Dragon faith tools he carried. He couldn’t help but look at the Green Dragon in the starry sky in shock and disbelief.

This was a Green Dragon?

In the next moment, the young Dragon God and the Dragon Emperor were shocked to discover that another asteroid had shattered.

“Roar!!!”

It was Eleven, who had been sent flying like the World Annihilation Dragon just now. Because its body was intact, its current defense was much stronger than the World Annihilation Dragon.

It was nothing to withstand the aftermath just now.

Eleven enlarged in the starry sky and turned into a cosmic behemoth thousands of meters tall. In the roar, it slapped again. The Wex Palm, surrounded by black and white lightning, directly sent the World Annihilation Dragon flying again under the dizzy consciousness of the remnant soul.

The direction it was sent flying was where Shi Yu and the others were.

Seeing that the remnant soul of the World Annihilation Dragon had been transmitted, Shi Yu’s expression was calm.

Under the incredulous expressions of the young Dragon God and the Dragon Emperor, it turned into a red-haired and red-eyed posture, spreading soaring flames. It held a red sword spirit and slashed out a sword light that was enough to crush stars.

Boom!

Under the vibration of the starry sky, the sword light flew out and instantly divided the World Annihilation Dragon’s remnant soul into two.

The remnant soul of the World Annihilation Dragon encountered the attack that countered Stats the most. Its originally unconscious consciousness instantly woke up, but after sensing its state, it immediately let out a miserable roar.

“Roar!!!”

The voice shook the starry sky, filled with confusion.