Chapter 1279 - 1279 Breaking Through To Legendary Beast Tamer (3)

1279 Breaking Through to Legendary Beast Tamer (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

However, once its proficiency was high, it should be quite useful to go to those low-level planets.

At that time, it wouldn’t be the world’s bestowal upon Baby Ginseng, but Baby Ginseng bestowing its power upon them!

“Well, the success rate of the fusion of super skills has also improved. I’ll think about it. Now, let’s break through for Ling first.”

Shi Yu rubbed Little Zi, who had changed shape due to his pinching. He smiled and said, “Little Zi, your body has also evolved and upgraded, right?”

“Mi!!” Little Zi nodded heavily.

It was about to be a low-level planet.

In the starry sky of the universe, planets were divided into four levels. Low-level planets, intermediate-level planets, high-level planets, and super planets.

They corresponded to the totem demigod level, divine level, super divine level, and cosmic level.

At the moment, Little Zi was about to approach the standard of a low-level planet. It had to be said that it should be considered the planet with the fastest growth. There was basically no pressure to grow all the way.

For other planets to grow rapidly like this, they would need to suspend themselves in the starry sky of the universe, harnessing the power of the universe to endure potential dangers that might exist in the cosmos. Through the passage of countless ages, they might ascend to become low-level planets. However, Little Zi’s growth could be expedited simply by allocating skill points.

For planetary life forms, reaching a low-level planet was the start of evolution and the entry-level. Shi Yu thought that it was time to start cultivating Little Zi.

Shi Yu also learned something from Zi Lan.

Apart from humans, cosmic life forms were also a race very well taken care of by the World King Planet.

After all, both parties were of the same race.

Apart from humans being able to bring more contracted beasts to transmigrate to the World King Planet, planetary life forms could too.

As for humans contracting a cosmic life form and then loading a pile of lives in the cosmic life form, that was the perfect cheat method.

After the Space Emperor broke through to the divine level, the tenth pet he contracted was a planetary life form. He had long experimented with this method.

After learning from the Void Mantis that Shi Yu had inherited the Son of the Stars left behind by the Space Emperor, Zi Lan naturally introduced this cheat method to Shi Yu.

The additional consumption would all be borne by the World King Planet itself.

Unfortunately, there were still some restrictions.

The World King Planet wasn’t a fool. Beast Tamers could at most contract a few lives, but it was possible for tens of billions of transcendent lives to exist in the bodies of planetary life forms. Therefore, it also customized rules for the teleportation of planetary life forms.

1. Life forms that can be teleported with it must be natives of the planet’s life forms or have completed assimilation.

For example, if Shi Yu didn’t contract the Turtle, the Little Quas Snake, and the Shorty, he could bring them to the World King Planet through Little Zi’s body, but he had to let Little Zi transform them into native lives in its body first.

Just like back then, Blue Planet modified foreign humans into native humans.

This rule made a large number of people give up. After all, this process might be the same as it was for the humans on the Blue Planet back then. They would lose their talent and abilities, and their lives would degenerate. There was a certain risk.

2. The life level of a planetary life form cannot exceed the master/monarch level. For humans, Level 4 was the limit. For transcendent life forms, the commander rank was the limit…

This rule made Shi Yu very helpless. However, although there were many restrictions, it was also extremely tempting. The environment of the World King Planet was much superior to other places in the universe. Even the surroundings of the World King Planet have always been surrounded by a bunch of planets. It was said that there were even nine super-divine stars.

Shi Yu originally wanted to exploit the cheat method, but there were too many restrictions.

This rule should have been customized by the World King Planet to support planetary life. Although he couldn’t cheat now, that didn’t mean that he couldn’t in the future.

Just like how the Blue Planet would give some life blessings, the World King Planet sometimes also did. If the opportunity was good and one obtained the favor of the World King Planet, the rules could also be changed for individuals.

Therefore, apart from thinking of a way to earn a large number of Teleportation Key Stones and cosmic crystals on the World King Planet, thinking of a way to let Little Zi acknowledge another mother was also a stable way to connect the World King Planet and Blue Planet. However, the latter was undoubtedly more difficult.

“Don’t let the life in its body evolve too quickly. Suppress the world level. Then, remember to look after those three little guys,” Shi Yu said to Little Zi, pointing at Turtle, Little Quas Snake, and Shorty in its body. The willpower and special training of these guys should be enough.

“Mi! ~” Little Zi agreed repeatedly. At this moment, the energetic Shi Yu looked at Ling again.

“After I finish eating, I’ll give you some points to break through. Baby Ginseng, serve the dishes first!”

Baby Ginseng: “Yi!” Ling: “Well~”

…

Ling’s breakthrough was relatively easy. There were only two skills suitable for fusion. One was an ultimate machine, and the other was the Divine Net. The former was considered a different kind of mechanical control, almost all-encompassing. Ling could basically do what other mechanics of the same level could do, while the latter had top-notch intelligence.

Previously, the success rate of fusing these two skills was extremely low. Now that it had become a medium-level, Shi Yu easily helped Ling complete its breakthrough and evolution.

[Ultimate Machinery, Divine Net] had already fused into [Mechanical Spirit].

Skill: Mechanical Spirit

[Level]: Quasi God-level

<Introduction> It can transform into a mechanical spirit and have god-like mechanical control abilities and intelligence that can spy on the truth.

After the fusion of these two skills, Ling underwent a very special change. Its main body went from the Hundred Transformations Machine to an illusory body that looked like a holographic projection. Although it was still burrowing inside the Rubik’s Cube and showing through the screen, Shi Yu knew that its main body had already changed. It would be even less likely to be injured.