Chapter 1274 - 1274 Demigod-Level Chef (2)

1274 Demigod-level Chef (2)

Right on the heels of that… Moon Explosion, Life Fire Seed, Sun Forest, Green Wood Divine Body, Plant Control, and Baby Ginseng’s pile of super skills were pulled to transcendence by Shi Yu. Beside him, Baby Ginseng’s clone, Baby Ginseng Phantom, who was in charge of nourishing Shi Yu, looked at it gradually becoming stronger with surprise and envy.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

This wasn’t the end…

Skill: Moon Explosion, Fire Seed of Life, Sun Forest

[Fusion success rate]: Low

[Fusion Risk]: High

In the end, Shi Yu chose three skills from Baby Ginseng’s pile that weren’t that “big” and fused them.

However, although this was the one with the highest success rate of fusion among Baby Ginseng’s pile of skills, the consumption was still very terrifying. After all, Shi Yu’s current physique was comparable to a normal totem, but after starting to fuse, his vision, hearing, and body still quickly decreased, and his body became stiff… His skin began to shrink, crack, and wrinkle, and his black hair turned pale. Be it his energy or life force, they quickly fell.

Even his soul began to blur.

Especially this time, without Baby Ginseng’s main body in charge of healing crazily, the pressure on Shi Yu was even greater without the support of a healer. However, he still went all out. Under the encouragement of Ling, Susu, and the other pets, he saw the light of success in his gradually dizzy consciousness.

Boom…

At this moment, as Baby Ginseng broke through, all the natural power of the Mythical Ruins was drained by it and turned into Desolate Ruins. At the same time, outside the ruins, the light of the sun and moon seemed to be even stronger. Even in some places during the day, they could see the grand occasion of the sun and moon shining together.

In an ocean not far from the place where Shi Yu and the others broke through, a totem-level life form left the sea and stared at the sky in surprise!!

“This is… is a new demigod born?”

“It can actually plunder the power of the sun and moon at such a speed. Who exactly is it? Why don’t I have any impression of it at all? No… Perhaps it’s the revival of a god who mainly cultivates the power of the sun and moon!”

“What a fast absorption speed.” On the other side, the demigod Lord Genesis Tree God of the Origin Land looked at the speed at which the power of the sun was absorbed and at the Sun Torrent between the sun and the Blue Planet with a shocked expression. If it had such a speed to absorb the power of the sun, would it still need to rely on sleep to offset the consumption?

Who exactly was it?

Baby Ginseng’s skill fusion this time was undoubtedly fused with the power of the sun and moon. Because it was a breakthrough on the Blue Planet, the starry sky phenomenon caused by it wasn’t covered, so many experts sensed it.

Angel man, female succubus…

The group of outsiders also looked at the sky in surprise.

“It looks like a pretty okay life form has also been born on the Blue Planet.”

It was as if even they, who had high horizons, acknowledged this skill.

“Success!!”

In the Mythical Ruins of Desolate, Shi Yu spoke with a shriveled mouth. His wrinkled face condensed into a chrysanthemum shape with a happy expression, and his eyes were green.

Eleven and the other pets were also moved.

The most excited was still Baby Ginseng, who had successfully reached the demigod level.

Breaking through was secondary. It casually broke through from the overlord level to the totem level.

But the key was the new skill brought by the skill fusion!

[Moon Explosion, Fire of Life, Sun Forest] had already fused into [Sun and Moon Brilliance].

Skill: Sun and Moon Brilliance

[Level]: Quasi God-level

<Introduction> The Fire of Sun is born in the body of the Fire of Moon. It can automatically absorb the Sun and Moon Essence to store them in the body.

The Sun and Moon Essence could be converted into the energy needed for life activity, or it could become a fire seed that detonated life force.

When detonated, it could maximize the mobilization of the laws of the sun and moon, producing the phenomenon of the sun and moon shining together!

“A passive restoration-type divine skill that can self-destruct!!” The moment he saw this skill, Shi Yu felt that the luck of the Kirin Race had been inherited by Ling.

Then it was shared with him.

What he lacked came.

A passive skill to absorb the power of the sun and moon and transform it into its own energy?

This was simply easier than Susu’s Blue Sea Contract.

After all, Susu had to take the initiative to mobilize that. It would take a lot of time to mobilize too much energy.

However, this fire seed that automatically absorbed the power of the sun and moon not only saved time cost, but also greatly increased the endurance of the ginseng baby!

Moreover, it was a quasi-divine-level Passive Restoration skill. This meant that the Restoration Effect would definitely not be bad. At that time, with the kindness of the world, at least the food for the team would be completely free.

Apart from that, the self-destruction of a quasi-god directly raised Baby Ginseng’s battle power to an unbelievable level.

Perhaps it really had hope of getting the first clear of killing a god in the team.

Unfortunately, this skill was the same as the kindness of the world. The restriction was a little big. The kindness of the world could only be used in the body of a world life form. For example, on the Blue Planet, in Little Zi’s body, in the Creation Domain, and on the World King Star…

As for the Sun and Moon shining together, if the power of the sun and moon stored in the body was used up, it could only display the effect in places with the sun and moon.

Fortunately, there were similar stars and moons in most places in the starry sky of the universe.

Such planets were also very important. They were the cosmic resources that many life planets, like the Blue Planet, needed to rely on. For example, after the laws of the Blue Planet were shattered, maintaining the operation of the planet mainly relied on the power of the stars in the universe.

However, in the mouths of aliens like Zi Lan, the sun and moon in the galaxy, where the Blue Planet was, were relatively ordinary. In the universe, there were also a small number of stars that gave birth to autonomy. Because their energy was so huge, after evolution was successful, they basically had the power of super divine. The super divine level was also known as the radiant sun level. This was how it came about.