Chapter 1272 - 1272 Shi Yu And Emperor Shi'S Meeting (3)

1272 Shi Yu and Emperor Shi’s Meeting (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Well, I did accidentally enter the ruins of the era and obtain some divine power inheritances,” Shi Yu said.

Back then, the Taiji Ruins and the Green Dragon Ruins he explored on Earth…

From the current perspective, it was indeed an era’s ruins.

Emperor Shi nodded and said, “Looks like we’re all pretty lucky people. Alright, I don’t have much time.”

“According to the normal trajectory, I don’t know how long it will take for the Blue Planet to improve. In addition, the Blue Planet’s Mythical Era once encountered a huge calamity. If such a calamity appears again, the time I’m trapped here will be infinitely delayed.”

“After arriving here, I realized that the universe contains endless profundities. The divine level is only the beginning.”

“Next, I’ll teach you a method. It’s something I comprehended after breaking through to the divine level. It’s a telepathy skill specially used to crack ruins. There’s even a chance to peek at the ruins of the cosmic era. With it, I hope you can quickly become stronger and feed the Blue Planet.”

“If you can help me out within a hundred years, I’ll owe you three favors.”

“Three favors?”

“No… Your Majesty, your contribution to establishing the Dong Huang Dynasty spans thousands of years. As the Beast Tamer of Dong Huang, who benefited, it’s only right for me to help Your Majesty.” Shi Yu had a righteous expression and said, “Don’t worry, even if I risk my life, I’ll help the Blue Planet increase its level as soon as possible and build a stable spatial passage.”

Emperor Shi was silent.

The pets around Shi Yu were also very silent. As if they would believe him.

He was excited as hell inside.

Three favors from a super divine being…

After all, Zi Lan had said that there were less than 1,000 super divine beings in the entire universe.

Moreover, Emperor Shi was a time-element big boss. He was even impressive enough to crack the ruins of the era.

Three favors from him were enough for countless beings to fight over.

The Space Emperor, Lin Feng, and the other experts who had left the Blue Planet originally wanted to help the Blue Planet increase its levels. Now, Shi Yu could be said to have done it with little effort.

In short, if he saved Emperor Shi, he would have a super backer. As long as he didn’t provoke those five cosmic monsters, he should be able to do whatever he wanted in the starry sky of the universe.

“Listen carefully…”

Emperor Shi spoke slowly and used telepathy to guide Shi Yu to learn the ruins cracking skill that he had painstakingly studied for thousands of years to crack ruins of the cosmic era.

…

On the isolated island in the ocean, a figure had been sitting cross-legged for a long time. Shi Yu was still receiving the ruins cracking skills taught by Emperor Shi. There was too much information, almost bursting his brain. Fortunately, Shi Yu had the support of the memory water drop and the World Tree Fruit to learn, and he became a star student.

Although he didn’t know why Emperor Shi subconsciously equated “archeology of ruins” with “strengthening”, Shi Yu still liked the ruins cracking skill taught by Emperor Shi.

This was more likable to him than anything that could double his meditation speed.

Could it even crack the ruins of the cosmic era? This was simply the best gift before he left the Blue Planet and headed to the starry sky.

Ruins, your king is coming!

Emperor Shi didn’t dare be sloppy. He cultivated over and over again. He had never even meditated so seriously. Beside him, a pile of pets assisted Shi Yu. A few of them had already fainted from hunger and turned into energy-efficient forms to enter sleep mode.

After an unknown period of time, Shi Yu finally opened his eyes.

“I didn’t expect that this skill would also include the development methods of the Time Strengthening Talent and Space Strengthening Talent.”

“I haven’t had time to learn the spatial strengthening talent Zi Lan brought from the floating planet, but I learned it from Emperor Shi first.”

Among the 18 talent development skills brought by Zi Lan, only the spatial strengthening talent and the Fusion Talent were things Shi Yu planned to study when he was free…

Impressive.

After Shi Yu opened his eyes, his first thought was that Emperor Shi was too strong.

Not only did he crack the ruins of the cosmic era and become the first Blue Planet human suspected to have reached the super divine level, but he also broke through the restrictions of the Blue Planet humans and developed the self-study and teaching methods of the second and third talents.

In comparison, the talent of those extraterrestrial geniuses who could obtain talent cultivation methods didn’t look as terrifying as that of these native big shots on the Blue Planet.

“Wait, what’s going on?” After Shi Yu woke up, he suddenly realized that his first Beast Taming Space seemed to be very close to level nine.

“It should be the feedback from developing the mental talent, learning the spatial strengthening talent, and the time strengthening talent,” Ling said beside him.

“How long have I digested it?” Shi Yu looked at the environment of the surrounding isolated island and asked.

“About half a month has passed since Emperor Shi taught you the skill.”

“Half a month…” Shi Yu scratched his head. So long? Why did it feel like it had passed in the blink of an eye?

In his memories, he only kept asking Susu for memory water droplets and Baby Ginseng for the World Tree Fruit.

“Forget it, so be it. I feel that if I meditate for another two months, I have a chance of breaking through to the legendary level!” Shi Yu said.

“It can still be faster!!”

Ling said, “Your current Beast Taming Space has been strengthened by your talent. You already contracted a fifth demigod above your level. Hurry up and arrange for Baby Ginseng.”

“After it breaks through to the demigod level, the effect of the World Tree Fruit will be better. It can allow you to cultivate your spatial strengthening talent to Level 8 faster. At that time, you can contract the sixth totem, Little Zi, above your level. Under its feedback, you should be able to directly break through to Level 9, which is faster than normal meditation.”

“Most importantly, the children are about to faint from hunger. In order to look after you, Buggy and the others didn’t go to Dragon Palace City to freeload. They relied on Susu and Baby Ginseng to provide food for half a month! And after Baby Ginseng breaks through, it can bid farewell to the famine!”

Shi Yu was stunned. He scratched his head and said, “I understand, I understand. If you’re hungry, go find food yourselves. Don’t always wait for me to bring you to eat. You’re not young anymore. It’s time to learn to be guests of other demigod factions.”

“But I feel that my mental state is pretty good.”

Ling : “…”

Yes, the entire team had been taking care of him for the past half a month.

It was like taking care of a vegetative person.

“Where’s Baby Ginseng? Hurry up and call Baby Ginseng to break through.” Shi Yu immediately got up and said, “World Tree Domain, Time Strengthening Talent, additional points, and skill fuse! This time, let’s see how far it can reach.”

“Yi…” In the team, Eleven and Buggy were the easiest to starve, and Baby Ginseng and Susu were the least likely to starve, regardless of nutritional value.

Susu had the Blue Sea Contract and unlimited energy, while Baby Ginseng could maintain its livelihood by photosynthesis and drinking water. With Susu, a supplier who could casually condense Level 9 water-element energy crystals, it was very easy to fill its stomach. It only needed them to spend more time each.

Therefore, now, Baby Ginseng’s vitality wasn’t bad, unlike Eleven and Buggy, who had rolled off to sleep.

“Call everyone out.” When Shi Yu called out, he looked at the jumping ginseng baby.

“Yiya!! (Wu wu wu, it’s finally my turn.)” Baby Ginseng cried excitedly. Ling silently gathered its tears beside it.

It could be food for Duckie.

[Race Skill]

“Super”: Time Mark (Perfect+47), Moon Explosion (Perfect+47), Life Fire Seed (Perfect+47), World Tree Fruit (Perfect+47), Green Wood Divine Body (Perfect+47), Sun Forest (Perfect+47), Plant Control (Perfect+47), Soul Fruit (Perfect+47)

At the same time, Shi Yu looked at Baby Ginseng’s super Skill.

“Well…”

“According to Buggy’s experience last time, if I fuse a few skills…”

“It’s very likely that you’ll become the first guy in the team to have two quasi-divine skills. You’re invincible. Come, I’ll add points to transcendent first and see which skills have a high fusion!” As Shi Yu finished speaking, Eleven, Buggy, and the others also woke up and were immediately not sleepy.