Chapter 1273 - 1273 Demigod-Level Chef (1)

1273 Demigod-level Chef (1)

“Yiya, Yiya, Yiya!”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Baby Ginseng shouted the slogan and stood on Shi Yu’s shoulder.

Shi Yu flew on the ocean, far from the island just now.

Because Baby Ginseng would definitely freeload a lot of the power of the world this time, it was better to stay away from that side.

Emperor Shi had just asked him to increase the power of the world on Blue Planet, but he had turned around and drained the power of the world over there. It was a little disrespectful to his seniors.

“This is the place.” In the end, Shi Yu casually found a mythical, mystic realm on the ocean.

This should be the former residence and habitat of the creatures from the Mythical Era.

From the traces, no creature had lived here for many years.

If it were in the past, it would definitely not have been so easy for Shi Yu to find the ruins of the mystic realm and enter the Mythical Ruins. However, after learning Emperor Shi’s special telepathy skill, Shi Yu was now a ruins radar and walking key.

Shi Yu named this technique “Telepathy: Passage of Time” talent.

No wonder Emperor Shi thought that if he learned this skill, he could become stronger faster. He definitely could.

For example, although there were no physical resources in this ruin, the accumulated natural energy strength was many times stronger than in the outside world, comparable to a treasure land like Dragon Palace City.

Although it wasn’t as big as Dragon Palace City, there were many benefits for Shi Yu to casually use such an ownerless place.

For example, if Baby Ginseng evolved next, it would definitely consume a large amount of the natural power of the world. If Shi Yu and the others broke through in Dong Huang, they would definitely instantly turn a city into a desolate city, but if it was here, there was no problem.

“Open!”

After Shi Yu pried open this mythical residence, Baby Ginseng immediately took root on the ground inside.

Eleven, Buggy, Duckie, and the others followed behind and cheered for Baby Ginseng. Whether the team could eat their fill in the future depended on Baby Ginseng this time!

Demigod-level chef, charge.

“Yiya! (Noisy!)” Baby Ginseng exploded in anger.

It didn’t break through to become a chef.

It wanted to be the boss of the team!

“Come on.” After Shi Yu finished speaking, Baby Ginseng turned around and put on its intelligent doctorate hat. It took a deep breath and connected to the power of the ground.

Its Green Wood Divine Body could mutate and multiply. It could perfectly absorb the natural power of the earth to grow and carry the source of life. It could be said to be its basic physique skill as a divine-level supplement.

Apart from that, its quasi-divine skill, the world, could mobilize the power of the world. The power of the world was the source of a world and could evolve into all the natural power possessed by this world. It was equivalent to a perfect skill to mobilize the natural power of the world.

In a place where natural energy was desolate, other overlords might not be able to mobilize natural power at all, but Baby Ginseng was different. It could directly ignore distance through this skill and mobilize natural power from all over the world.

Logically speaking, with this skill, it should be easier for Baby Ginseng to freeload natural energy than for Susu.

However, it couldn’t help it. The favor of the world consumed much more energy than the use of the Blue Sea Contract, and its level was lower than Susu. This caused it to constantly drag down the freeloading progress, and the time cost it had to pay was too high.

Sometimes, it might only be possible to feed Eleven after working for a day.

However, when it reached the totem level, everything would be solved.

In the ruins, Baby Ginseng turned into the main body of the World Ginseng, a towering divine tree.

Shi Yu also activated talents like the World Tree Domain and Psychic Resonance to assist Baby Ginseng in breaking through.

The fusion of the shadow of the World Tree and the World Ginseng made its efficiency of freeloading the power of the world a little faster. However, this wasn’t the main thing. The main thing was to increase points.

With the support of the various pets, Shi Yu first added some time marks to Baby Ginseng. A halo enveloped the divine tree. With the power of Shi Yu’s points, the time mark with the highest proficiency at the perfect level directly reached transcendence!

At this moment, the maximum number of time marks that could be condensed was “1”. Soon, it’d be “2”!

In other words, Baby Ginseng could finally condense two time marks and revive twice.

If it didn’t encounter an enemy that could even obliterate the skill effect, he would be simply invincible.

“Yi!” On the divine tree, Baby Ginseng’s clone was extremely surprised.

In the next moment, the World Tree Fruit… transcended to a transcendent-level World Tree Fruit. Its ability to increase comprehension was even stronger. If it was said that it only increased comprehension at the last minute, it could completely increase comprehension and learning ability permanently now.

Of course, there was also an upper limit, but it was absolutely no problem to turn a mediocre person into a genius. After eating it, no matter how stupid the eater was, as long as he was willing to work hard, he could basically train the super racial skill to perfection and advance to an overlord in their lifetime.

Then, the Soul Fruit also reached transcendence!

This skill was Chi Tong’s favorite because it could increase the soul power of the enhancement.

If the Soul Fruit was cultivated into a divine skill, it could even create a divine-level resource, the Undying Fruit, allowing the eater to live a second life in the form of an undead life form.

As for the current transcendence stage, it was alright. The main thing was to increase the effect of repairing the soul. Even if it was beaten into a remnant soul, as long as it was used enough, it could recover into a perfect soul.

It was equivalent to saying that if a person was torn into pieces and their body shattered into pieces, they could still be saved. It should be the most beloved resource of the World Annihilation Dragon’s remnant soul…

Physical, spiritual, and soul restorations were each more difficult than the other. Baby Ginseng was an expert in the former, but now, its shortcomings had finally been made up.