Chapter 1276 - 1276 Demigod-Level Chef (4)

1276 Demigod-level Chef (4)

On the other hand, the angel man and the female succubus were very active in the west. At the moment, the demigod-level and awakened gods of the Blue Planet already knew that an extraterrestrial life form had descended and of the existence of an extraterrestrial civilization. For example, the angels and demons of the Blue Planet had already joined the other party.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

They were also looking for suitable people to take away from these submitters.

Through them, the various factions knew even more clearly that Dong Huang wasn’t to be trifled with. After all, the combination of the Space Emperor and Lin Feng was comparable to a super divine. This caused Dong Huang to become a unique existence on the Blue Planet.

In the Blue Planet Alliance, Dong Huang’s right to speak had also increased to the maximum.

This was the opposite of the universe. In the universe, there was also a Blue Planet Alliance formed by the five major god races of the Blue Planet, the Space Emperor, and Lin Feng’s faction, the Floating Planet. However, among them, the Space Emperor and Lin Feng’s faction were the smallest and newest…

After returning to Dong Huang, Shi Yu directly pulled up an online meeting through Ling and invited Divine Source Legendary, President Lin, and Lu Qingyi.

The matter of Emperor Shi was very important, and it wasn’t appropriate for too many people to know. Shi Yu only called the two leaders of Dong Huang and Senior Lu to let Senior Lu know about Emperor Shi. He didn’t bring her to explore the ruins to make up for it…

“Shi Yu? What’s the matter? Has the remnant soul of the World Annihilation Dragon been resolved?” After Shi Yu returned, President Lin immediately asked.

They thought that Shi Yu had gone to deal with the remnant soul of the World Annihilation Dragon in the past half a month of “seclusion”.

Shi Yu said, “No, I haven’t paid attention to that dragon.”

“By the way, I don’t think I’ve reported this before… It’s been very long. Senior Lu, do you remember when I explored the heroic spirit ruins in the Ancient Capital’s Undead Battlefield and obtained a ruin crystal?”

Lu Qingyi was originally puzzled as to why Shi Yu had pulled her into such a high-level meeting, but after hearing Shi Yu’s words, she immediately remembered.

“I remember!”

“Yes, when I was exploring the heroic spirit ruins, I heard the Voice of History. Then, I saw the communication scene between Emperor Shi and Mu Huiyin. Right on the heels of that, Emperor Shi saw me through the River of Time!”

“Moreover, he threw out a ruin crystal from the heroic spirit ruins.”

“What!!!” After Shi Yu finished speaking, Divine Source Legendary and President Lin widened their eyes.

“Don’t be afraid of what I’m going to say next,” Shi Yu said. “Emperor Shi is actually still alive. I followed the hint of that crystal to explore Emperor Shi’s ruins.”

“Then I saw the phantom left behind by Emperor Shi.”

“What?!!” After Shi Yu finished speaking, Divine Source Legendary, President Lin, and Lu Qingyi widened their eyes. Through the screen, Shi Yu’s ears rang.

“Cough, the problem now is that Emperor Shi is trapped in the ruins and can’t come out. He needs our help,” Shi Yu said.

“Save! We have to save Emperor Shi no matter what.” Divine Source Legendary immediately shouted. The emperor he respected the most was Emperor Shi.

Otherwise, he wouldn’t have used Dong Huang to establish the country and rebuild Dong Huang.

“Let me finish… This isn’t something Dong Huang can afford to save by itself.” Right on the heels of that, Shi Yu told the few of them that Emperor Shi had already broken through to the super divine level and was trapped in the ruins of the cosmic era. At this moment, the three of them were already stunned.

“This matter is very important. Next, I plan to only tell the World Tree, Senior Space Emperor, and Senior Lin Feng. Therefore, our Dong Huang also has to assist the Blue Planet in leveling up with all our might. Using this as the most important goal, the return of a super divine level senior will be Dong Huang’s greatest backer.”

Everyone was stunned, their hearts still beating crazily.

They originally thought that it was the greatest surprise that the Space Emperor and Lin Feng were still alive. Who would have thought that Emperor Shi was still alive and that he was the one who was doing the best among the five emperors of Dong Huang?

Shi Yu, this kid, got a super divine level senior?!!

Ridiculous!

Shi Yu also sighed with emotion. From the looks of it, in this space and time, among the seven legends of Dong Huang, only Emperor Wu, the empress, and the Dragon Emperor had died.

“I hope they can… do better in parallel space.” Shi Yu prayed in his heart.

Next, Shi Yu communicated with Divine Source Legendary and the others about Emperor Shi. Then, with the excuse of dealing with the remnant soul of the World Annihilation Dragon, he hung up the meeting.

Just as the meeting ended, Shi Yu hurriedly sent Senior Lu a private message.

“Sorry, Senior Lu. I promised you to explore together previously, but after all, it’s a ruin that might have caused Emperor Shi to disappear. I was worried that there was danger, so I didn’t call you.”

Lu Qingyi: Fist.jpg

Shi Yu scratched his cheek. It looked like he didn’t mind. Alright, let’s recuperate first!!

…

Next, Shi Yu returned to Ping Cheng. After recuperating, he continued cultivating.

He first used a large number of transcendent-level World Tree Fruits to increase his enhancement learning ability. He spent 11 days developing his spatial strengthening talent to Level 8.

As for the time-strengthening talent, it was a little difficult to develop. At the moment, it was still at Level 5, so Shi Yu wasn’t in a hurry.

After his spatial strengthening talent reached Level 8, Shi Yu’s spatial strength increased a little more. Shi Yu began to boldly add points to Little Zi. He originally wanted Ling to break through to the demigod level first, according to the order of entry, but Ling said that the cost-effective ratio was too low.

Little Zi’s breakthrough should be able to directly lead Shi Yu’s first Beast Taming Space to the legendary level. It was better to let Little Zi do it first.

Right on the heels of that, Shi Yu reached the legendary level. At that time, it and Qi could also break through to the demigod level.

Even at that time, he could let Little Ji and Duckie breakthrough in the second Beast Taming Space.

It saved time and effort.

After a moment of silence, Shi Yu expressed that he liked rational people like Ling.

“Add points, add points, add points…” Shi Yu began to add the last points to Little Zi.

“Mi…” The purple ball collapsed in Shi Yu’s hand. It was looking forward to it more. Although it added some afflictions, it could level up this time.

Accompanied by the purple light of points.

The power of the world, transcendence! The inner world, transcendence! World Blessing, transcendence!

Boom!!

A vast star-like power bloomed from Little Zi’s body. Its life level immediately reached the totem level.

At the same time.

The moment Little Zi broke through, the shackles of Shi Yu’s first Beast Taming Space finally loosened. He didn’t rely on meditation much and directly relied on constantly adding points to let his pets give feedback to complete the breakthrough.

The red spatial crystal wall completely turned golden. The upper limit of the Beast Taming level immediately increased. Shi Yu’s physique even directly obtained legendary strengthening!

Shi Yu had reached the legendary level!