Chapter 1270 - 1270 Shi Yu And Emperor Shi'S Meeting (1)

1270 Shi Yu and Emperor Shi’s Meeting (1)

“Senior Dragon God, this thing… How should I deal with it? I’ll think of a way to get it out, and you’ll kill it?”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

After leaving the Elder Gu Research Institute, Shi Yu floated in midair and asked the Senior Dragon God if she wanted to take revenge personally.

The Dragon God was silent. “Do you think I’m that guy’s match?”

Even if she believed that she was considered an expert in the first tier of demigods in the post-Blue Planet era, she still didn’t have the confidence to defeat a top-notch divine remnant soul that had mastered top-notch laws.

Shi Yu said, “I can beat the other party half to death first.”

“There’s no need,” the Dragon God said. “It’s enough to see it fall into your hands. I’m not that paranoid.”

“You should feed this guy to that undead too.”

If it fell into Shi Yu’s hands, it probably wouldn’t be able to survive. After confirming that the culprit who killed the Dragon Emperor was destined to die and wouldn’t be free outside, the knot in her heart had been untied.

Shi Yu was silent for a moment before saying, “Alright, then I’ll take care of this guy. Senior Dragon God, what are your plans next?”

The Dragon God looked at the sky and said, “Continue to increase your strength. Your strength is gradually surpassed by Wang Kong, Lin Feng, and you juniors. I also want to reach a higher domain to take a look.”

“Now, my greatest wish has been achieved, and Dragon Palace City has been handed to you. Dong Huang doesn’t need my protection either. Next, I can completely relax and cultivate wholeheartedly.”

“Don’t slack off either.”

“Yes.” Shi Yu nodded and said, “By the way, Senior Dragon God, please keep the fact that I cracked the Space-Time Dragon Vein Ruins a secret for me. Just as you said, this might also be a forbidden ability in the universe.”

“I know.” The Dragon God smiled and said, “Thank you.”

“No, no. This is something I’ve long promised you, Senior Dragon God,” Shi Yu said with a smile.

At this moment, Emperor Wu, the empress, and the Dragon Emperor had already left. Shi Yu also felt a sense of loss. The more he understood the buried history, the more tired he became.

He was still short of the two dynasties…

Forget about the Space Emperor’s space and time. The Space Emperor was still alive, and he was living history. There was no need to explore. As for Emperor Shi… Although Shi Yu had learned a lot about the Emperor Shi Dynasty from the Ice Dragon, he still wanted to see this first-generation Legendary Beast Tamer of Dong Huang, the Legendary Beast Tamer with the highest evaluation in ancient history.

The premise was…

Emperor Shi was already dead.

Shi Yu looked at the ruins crystal he had obtained from the heroic spirit ruins that had been sealed in space for a long time. This thing… shouldn’t he use it to explore?

It was said that Emperor Shi had disappeared because he was exploring ruins.

And the ruins behind this ruin key were very likely to be the clue to Emperor Shi’s disappearance.

Now, there shouldn’t be any ruins on the Blue Planet that could stop him and put him in danger, right?

He was about to go into the universe. Returning consumed a lot of energy. Who knew when he would return? Shi Yu planned to take the time to see the origin of the ruins guided by the ruins crystal later so that he wouldn’t have any regrets.

…

Not long after separating from Senior Dragon God, Shi Yu directly headed to the place that resonated with the ruins crystal according to the location in his memory.

It was still an isolated island. Shi Yu discovered that many ruins spaces were on the ocean island. It was the same for the spatial ruins, and it was the same for the Mythical Ruins related to Emperor Shi.

“Wuu.”

At this moment, after descending on the isolated island, the six main pets surrounded Shi Yu and looked around cautiously. Shi Yu also held the ruins crystal that had been resonating and looked at the area with the strongest resonance fluctuations in front of him.

“What do you think it will be?” Shi Yu asked.

Some said that in order to pursue immortality and a higher realm to explore the Mythical Ruins, Emperor Shi was slapped to death by the sleeping divine beast inside.

Some said that Emperor Shi sensed that it was impossible to become a god in the current era and predicted the time of the Mythical Revival, so he found a good place and sealed himself, waiting for the opportunity to become a god.

Some people also said…

In short, there were various rumors about Emperor Shi’s disappearance, but in fact, Shi Yu felt that none of them were reliable. Under the suppression of the world’s laws, the strongest level was at the demigod level. With only the primary gods left on the Blue Planet, the strength of these divine beasts was limited. They didn’t look like they could kill Emperor Shi.

Even if it was a demigod at the level of the World Annihilation Dragon’s remnant soul, Shi Yu felt that it couldn’t pose a threat to Emperor Shi.

After all, if the time element couldn’t defeat it, couldn’t it predict it and escape?

Of course, there was also a possibility that a bunch of divine beasts were sleeping in the Mythical Ruins. Then, it might still be a little dangerous for ordinary legendaries.

However, this possibility wasn’t high, because, after the Mythical Era ended, there weren’t many gods left. There were even fewer junior gods left on the Blue Planet, and there were very few who could survive until now. Half of them basically slept to death. The Earth Divine Dragon that was smashed to death by the meteorite in its sleep was a classic.

As for the rumors of Emperor Shi sealing himself, it was unlikely. He had worked so hard to establish the Dong Huang Dynasty, so how could he directly throw it down and seal himself without leaving any backup plans, causing the dynasty to be destroyed?

Of course, since someone raised this guess, they definitely gave a reasonable explanation. That was, the pile of things like the heroic spirit ruins were all backup plans left behind by Emperor Shi. Emperor Shi even predicted that even after the first generation of the Dong Huang Dynasty was destroyed, there would still be new legendaries like Emperor Wu, Empress, Dragon Emperor, and the Space Emperor who would rebuild Dong Huang and pass it down. Only then would they be at ease and seal themselves… If that was the case, they were too strong.