Chapter 1277 - 1277 Breaking Through To Legendary Beast Tamer (1)

1277 Breaking Through to Legendary Beast Tamer (1)

Legendary level.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

It was very symbolic.

In the starry sky of the universe, it might only be as simple as Level 9 of the Beast Taming System.

However, in the world of the Blue Planet, where the highest was only Level 9, it was just like the name given to it by the Blue Planet. It was an epic expert who could leave its name even after thousands or ten thousand years.

The Beast Taming Space could basically accommodate nine totem-level creatures!

One person was an army of totems.

In the 2500 years of Dong Huang’s history, there were only seven Legendary Beast Tamers. This was still a testable country that had produced the most Legendary Beast Tamers.

And now, Shi Yu had transmigrated to the Beast Taming World. In nearly four years, he had finally reached this level with his shocking growth speed.

Three years, legendary level!

Ice Dragon Snow Mountain, Shi Yu, and the others’ backyard.

Shi Yu held a world of stars in his hand. The light of advancement lingered between the two parties.

Little Zi’s breakthrough halo seemed to have dyed the sky into a milky way, dazzling and resplendent. Golden light spread from Shi Yu’s body, dazzling.

“Sob.” Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong, Susu, Ling, and Qi surrounded the icy plain and looked at Shi Yu, who was breaking through, with shining eyes.

At this moment, the small world represented by Shi Yu’s first Beast Taming Space seemed to have evolved. Its size suddenly increased, and a large amount of natural power surged in, changing the world here.

As contracted pets of the first Beast Taming Space, Eleven and the others enjoyed the feedback of Shi Yu’s breakthrough almost instantly.

In the past few days, as Baby Ginseng broke through, the food crisis on the team had already eased a lot.

The reason why Eleven and the others were hungry wasn’t only because they were too strong and had too much activity, but also because of Shi Yu. Because his contract was above their level and spatial level, it wasn’t enough to support the growth of so many pets.

But now, as Shi Yu broke through, Shi Yu’s Beast Taming Space immediately became like a world-favored skill. It crazily extracted the nutrients from the outside world and converted them into special nutrients to provide to pets.

This was only the most basic change. Apart from that, on the basis of their original strength, Eleven and the others instantly sensed that they had been strengthened. There was comprehensive feedback, and the quality of their various stats increased by 5 to 10%.

This time, it was Shi Yu’s upgrade that led to the growth of the pets.

Beast Tamers and pets had always provided feedback to each other and improved together.

“Wuuu!!!” As Shi Yu broke through, Eleven and the others celebrated happily. Little Ji and Duckie high-fived each other, and Duckie was sent flying, cursing Little Ji for being sinister.

At this moment, Shi Yu was still immersed in the breakthrough and had yet to enjoy the full benefits of the breakthrough.

Body… Spirit… Soul…

Shi Yu had also broken through the bottleneck and reached a new realm after breaking through.

Physical strength, spirit power, soul power… They had all reached the standard of the totem level. Coupled with skills like spiritual power and the Taiji Domain, it was no longer a problem to fight a totem being alone.

Perhaps when it reached the pinnacle of this level, it could be invincible below the demigod level. If it learned the high-level battle skills in the universe and let the second Beast Taming Space develop, it might also be considered to have demigod battle power.

Shi Yu’s battle power was almost catching up to his pets. Although humans weren’t suitable for cultivation, they couldn’t withstand his unique conditions.

Of course, this was still not what Shi Yu was most concerned about. He was most concerned about the change in his Beast Taming Talent!

The increase in the Beast Taming Space would automatically increase the original Beast Taming Talent by a level.

When Shi Yu’s first Beast Taming Space reached Level 9, the accompanying telepathy and skill index would be upgraded.

As for the spatial and time-strengthening talent of physical control and subsequent learning, the former had to follow the level of the second Beast Taming Space, while the latter could only be developed by oneself and couldn’t enjoy the benefits of leveling up.

[The telepathy effect has indeed increased.] Shi Yu closed his eyes and immediately sensed that the greatest range of telepathy had already reached the transnational level.

The range was half of the Blue Planet!

Even if the contracted pet was half as far away from it as the Blue Planet, both parties could still maintain telepathy and communicate. At the same time, they also had special abilities that could help other lives build a mental connection!

For example, if an ordinary person who couldn’t communicate telepathically wanted to communicate with a few beasts who couldn’t talk or communicate telepathically, Shi Yu was completely capable of establishing a telepathy connection for the two of them and letting them communicate normally for a certain period of time.

Apart from that, Taiji, the Green Dragon, the World Tree, and the resonance skills also upgraded as the telepathy leveled up.

Unfortunately, the Passage of Time skill required time and the support of spatial strengthening talent. The increase wasn’t especially big.

On the other hand, the skill index finally produced a new qualitative change after no qualitative upgrade twice.

Apart from the new page count that Shi Yu no longer cared about, an additional page appeared in the skill index, and a compass-like pattern appeared.

What was this?

With the precedent of the previous skill fusion furnace, Shi Yu immediately became excited and probed carefully.

Then, he was rather shocked.

[Skill Deduction]

<Introduction> It can assist contracted pets in developing new skills by confirming the effect of the skill. It can reduce the learning method of this skill. The stronger the skill deduced, the greater the consumption of the Beast Tamer.

Shi Yu was shocked. He was originally hesitating, but as he tried, he immediately confirmed the horror of this ability.