Chapter 1271 - 1271 Shi Yu And Emperor Shi'S Meeting (2)

1271 Shi Yu and Emperor Shi’s Meeting (2)

This was also a kind of explanation, but as for what the truth was, he might still have to explore it personally to know.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Shi Yu followed the method of using the ruins crystal and squeezed hard in the resonance area.

Pa.

The ruins crystal turned into powder. Right on the heels of that, a special frequency of spatial fluctuations came from inside. In an instant, with a boom, an air vibration sounded like the sound of thunder. Then, a special space gradually overlapped with the Blue Planet space!!

“Roar!!” Buggy roared and resisted the spatial vibration. Shi Yu looked at the surrounding spatial changes calmly. In the blink of an eye, space alternated, and they arrived at a blank world!

This completely blank world was very strange.

Until Shi Yu and the others saw an illusory figure slowly turning into a physical body.

It was a robust middle-aged man, dressed in a black and gold robe embroidered with the pattern of a soaring starry dragon. Beneath the surging golden waves at the hem of his robe, his sleeves billowed high in the wind. His arched eyebrows were raised in a confident manner, and his eyes below were like autumn water, like cold stars, like precious gems, sharp and compelling.

“Roar!” Eleven, Buggy, and the others growled as they looked at this figure.

Chi Tong and the other pets frowned slightly in disbelief.

Emperor Shi??

How was that possible?

How could Emperor Shi appear so easily?

Shi Yu also fell silent and looked at the man in front of him quietly.

“We meet again.” The man’s first words shocked Shi Yu, and he found them unbelievable.

“Emperor Shi,” Shi Yu said.

“Back then, when I was talking to General Mu Huiyin in front of the heroic spirit ruins, you crossed time to look at me from afar. I knew that we would meet again one day.” The middle-aged man smiled and laughed. “Junior, what’s your name?”

After a moment of silence, Shi Yu cupped his fists and said, “I’m Shi Yu, a Beast Tamer of Dong Huang from the future.”

“You actually cultivated Mu Huiyin’s bloodline heroic spirit to this extent. No matter which era it is, it’s extremely rare.” Emperor Shi’s gaze landed on Chi Tong, then on Eleven and the others, and he praised.

“However, that’s normal…”

“Senior Emperor Shi, your current state is…” Shi Yu couldn’t help but say.

He completely didn’t expect that Emperor Shi actually had self-awareness and had been here the whole time.

It was unbelievable.

“I know why you’re here,” Emperor Shi said. “This isn’t my main body. My main body is trapped in another ruin.”

“Back then, when I explored the ruins here, I was originally sufficiently prepared. I didn’t expect to still be trapped inside.”

“However, I’ve already calculated this outcome. Your appearance is a turning point for me to leave the ruins!”

Shi Yu took a deep breath.

He wondered if this was a scam by someone pretending to be the emperor.

For some reason, he suddenly recalled this deception and dispersed it.

No, the figure in front of him was definitely Emperor Shi.

Only he knew what had happened in the heroic spirit ruins.

Could it be that Emperor Shi could return?

He was going to revive Emperor Shi!

“Senior Emperor Shi, what can I do to help you?” Shi Yu asked.

“How’s the situation on the Blue Planet now? Can the mythical stage be revived?”

“Not yet, but soon. In a few years, the divine-level should be born and gradually unsealed.”

“Is that so… far from enough.”

Emperor Shi said, “After the Blue Planet’s Mythical Revival, help the Blue Planet increase the upper limit of its level again. My main body’s realm has already reached above the divine level, and I’m trapped in the ruins. Only by connecting to the Blue Planet in a stable spatial passage can I return.”

“The Blue Planet of the Mythical Era should be able to accommodate supreme gods like the Ancestral Dragon at the highest level, but life forms of a higher life level are helpless. Therefore, it still needs to take another step forward. Otherwise, I won’t be able to open the spatial passage.”

Shi Yu, Eleven, Buggy, and the others: ???

“???”

“Above the divine level?” Shi Yu said in shock, “Senior Emperor Shi, stop kidding me.”

Super divine level?

Emperor Shi looked at Shi Yu and said calmly, “The ruins I went to should have come from the last cosmic era. During the exploration process, I obtained the divine power inheritance, and my realm increased by two levels, exceeding the divine level, but I was trapped inside because of this.”

“You’re very special.”

“Your telepathy is very similar to the current me. You should have entered the ruins of the last cosmic era, right?”

“In the beginning, I only thought that you were a future archeological master, but from the looks of it, you’re not that simple. Your identity is more special than I imagined.”

“The listening talent derived from this telepathy is indeed more convenient for exploring ruins. I only underwent a qualitative change in telepathy after entering this ruin, and you should have had this telepathy at that time.”

Shi Yu fell silent.

What a joke!

So what Emperor Shi explored wasn’t some Mythical Ruins, but the cosmic ruins of the last era?

The fortuitous experience imagined by the disciple of the Space Emperor, Zi Lan, actually really happened to Emperor Shi?

As for what Emperor Shi said, it also confirmed Shi Yu’s guess a second time.

Earth should be the Blue Planet from the last cosmic era.

Not only did he transmigrate into space, but he might have also transmigrated into time, and it was an incomparably long time.

He had transmigrated to the end of the cosmic lifespan that all life forms in the universe thought was definitely impossible to resist.

This way, Shi Yu could understand the similarities between the Blue Planet and Earth. It was equivalent to two reincarnations.