Chapter 1278 - 1278 Breaking Through To Legendary Beast Tamer (2)

1278 Breaking Through to Legendary Beast Tamer (2)

As everyone knew, after reaching the totem level, transcendent life forms could independently optimize and transform taught skills into racial skills, enhance these racial skills, and even autonomously develop new skills as needed.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Although there was a way to do it, those who could succeed were all outstanding totem life forms.

And this skill deduction was the ability to assist Beast Tamers in helping their pets develop new skills on their own.

[Contract Pet]: Baby Ginseng

[Skill Effect]: It can create a special medicine that can turn females into males and males into females, and it’s permanently irreversible.

Shi Yu tried to conceptualize a new Skill. Then, the Skill Deduction Compass immediately spun.

[Deduction success rate]: Low

[Deduction Risk]: High

[Do you want to continue deducing?]

Shi Yu was stunned and gave up on deducing. It was useless for him to let his pet learn this skill.

Such a trashy skill had huge risks?

Perhaps the irreversible effect was more important.

However, would such a skill definitely kill Senior Lin Feng?

Shi Yu shook his head and continued to let his imagination run wild.

[Contract Pet]: Baby Ginseng

[Skill Effect]: Space-Time Travel.

[Deduction success rate]: 0

Shi Yu: “?”

[Skill Effect]: It can create a special fruit that can allow the user to automatically meditate and cultivate without any burden when sleeping after eating it to increase the level of the Beast Tamer.

[Deduction success rate]: Extremely low

[Deduction Risk]: Extremely high

[Do you want to continue deducing?]

“Is that necessary! Why is it more difficult than adding some quasi-divine skills?” Shi Yu was rather dissatisfied when he saw this.

He felt that these skills weren’t very strong.

However, after thinking about it again, Shi Yu understood.

He and his pet bore the burden of adding points to super skills and fusing skills.

And this skill deduction was completely borne by him, so the difficulty… might be greater.

However, at this moment, Shi Yu was still completely obsessed. He felt that this was a peerless good thing.

It was more convenient to train pets.

He could actually customize the skill effect and deduce the skill learning method of this Effect. This way, although it might be more troublesome than replicating other people’s skills, the advantage was that he had one more choice. As long as the teaching method given required conditions that he had never heard of, it was fine.

“The skill index is actually so powerful.” Shi Yu fell into deep thought. If Earth was really Blue Planet from the last era and he was really from the last era, would the skill index also be some treasure he had brought from the last era? Would it be similar to the Taiji Domain and the Green Dragon Domain?

“Wu wu wu, wu wu wu.”

In the outside world, Eleven and the others were already anxious.

Shi Yu’s breakthrough fluctuations had long stopped.

However, Shi Yu was still there with his eyes closed, his expression changing extremely richly.

Be it the totem Little Zi that Shi Yu was holding, or Eleven and the others who had surrounded him, they looked at Shi Yu in confusion.

Finally, Eleven couldn’t help but call out to Shi Yu before waking him up from the trial segment.

Shi Yu slowly opened his eyes and looked at the pets surrounding him. The corners of his mouth subconsciously curled up. “I have good news for you.”

“For example, the success rate of adding points to super skills has already reached an extremely high level. Do you understand what I mean? The super skill has been upgraded to Dao Proficiency. Then, under the development of your own race, it’s a quasi-divine skill. It’s not very difficult to develop the support of Baby Ginseng’s fruit. In other words, the era of seven or eight quasi-divine skills is about to come!!”

“The pets of those alien Beast Tamers have a bunch of quasi-divine skills. You guys can do it next!”

“Cheers, little ones!!”

Eleven and the others looked at each other and were overjoyed.

This was a Legendary Beast Tamer!!!

Great!!

“Wuuu!!!” The pets cheered excitedly, excited to the extreme. Eleven took the lead to cheer because it had the most super skills.

“Apart from that, the success rate of adding points to quasi-divine skills has also greatly increased. For example, Eleven, the success rate of your Yin Yang Millstone has gone from extremely low to low. It shouldn’t be that difficult to withstand.”

“For example, Chi Tong’s Immortal Slaying Sword Formation and Ling’s Blessing Wind have even reached the middle success rate of adding points. It’s not difficult to add points to near perfection.”

“Little Ji’s Cataclysm and Duckie’s Abyss Heart are even easier. Perhaps these two skills are relatively lousy. As a quasi-divine skill, the success rate of adding points is actually high. Not bad,” Shi Yu said happily.

However, at the side, Little Ji and Duckie cried silently for some reason. They understood that their skills were trash and they weren’t worthy.

Shi Yu smiled and felt that the legendary level was really good. It was actually so easy to even add some quasi-divine skills. For example, Little Ji’s Cataclysm, Duckie’s Heart of the Abyss, and Baby Ginseng’s World Grace were easier to add. The success rate was pretty good!

Shi Yu thought for a moment. He would definitely prioritize giving Baby Ginseng the World Grace. This was the most cost-effective ratio.

As for why the skill World Grace was so easy to allocate points to, Shi Yu speculated that it was likely related to its nature. Only when the current world’s will permitted, could it use World Grace to mobilize the power of the world. If the world’s will didn’t allow it, then this skill would be useless.

When he arrived at the World King Planet, Shi Yu estimated that this skill couldn’t be used anymore. After all, the World King Planet was a cosmic life form. Even if the World Grace advanced to a divine skill and became a transcendent-level divine skill, it probably couldn’t forcefully plunder the power of the World King Planet. Instead, it would be slapped to death.