Chapter 1275 - 1275 Demigod-Level Chef (3)

1275 Demigod-level Chef (3)

Even the cosmic behemoths that ate planets didn’t dare provoke such stellar life forms easily.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Yi!!!” At this moment, as Baby Ginseng broke through to the demigod level, it felt so good.

Especially its control over the World Grace Skill, which was even stronger.

It turned out that Baby Ginseng’s use of the world was equivalent to a primary school ginseng running to ask its mother for 100 yuan and having to help do housework. It was happy, but not completely.

And now, the graduated ginseng had directly inherited a portion of the family’s assets. Even if it worked a little, compared to the huge gains, the cost-effective ratio was undoubtedly very high.

“Yiya!!! (Watch me!)” Under Baby Ginseng’s happy cry, it directly controlled a Crowd Control vine to tie Shi Yu up. The natural power of plants from all over the Blue Planet was mobilized by Baby Ginseng and converted into life force.

Through contact, these vines continuously transmitted life force to Shi Yu. In the blink of an eye, Shi Yu’s extremely weak and enfeebled body immediately recovered its strength. His pale hair gradually turned black, and his shriveled skin returned to normal.

After completing all of this, Baby Ginseng was a little panty. It was mainly because it had just accepted the skill fusion, and it was also very tiring. Fortunately, Susu had been watering it with the Sea Cleansing Spirit. Otherwise, it and Shi Yu would probably find it very difficult to withstand.

However, it was rare for it to evolve. In order to let everyone see how powerful it was, after healing Shi Yu, Baby Ginseng continued to mobilize the kindness of the world. It passively took the initiative to accelerate the absorption of the power of the sun and moon and condense a new fruit!

Although he said he didn’t want to be a chef, his body was still very honest.

The power of the world turned into metal-element power. A legendary Iron Bamboo grew in front of Eleven, stunning it.

“Wuu!! (As expected of you!!)” Eleven expressed its love and directly pulled it out.

On the huge ginseng tree, legendary spatial fruits, Sun Fruits, Earth Fruits, and Wind Fruits condensed one by one.

It was handed to Buggy, Chi Tong, Little Ji, and Ling through the vines.

It was a mass production of legendary resources!

Once beyond reach, the legendary resources that Shi Yu once aspired to acquire were now within reach for Baby Ginseng, who could now utilize the power of the Blue Planet to mass-produce them!

“Yiya!!” Baby Ginseng stood on the tree with its hands on its hips. However, its breathing became even heavier, and its body began to shrivel. It quickly treated itself.

“Not bad.” Shi Yu smiled.

But at this moment, Susu looked at its teammates eating food. A big question mark appeared on its head, and it looked at Baby Ginseng.

“Ning!! Ning!!” Susu protested. Where’s my food?

“Quack!! Duck!!!” Duckie also protested. Where’s my food?

It suspected that the towering emperor was targeting Big Sister and it.

“Yiya!” Baby Ginseng looked at Susu and Duckie and was slightly stunned.

“Yi! (Susu, aren’t you infinitely energetic? I’m a little tired now. I’ll definitely do it tomorrow! In order to thank you for your help, I’ll prepare a custom-made meal tomorrow!)”

Susu puffed up its face.

“Quack!!! (What about me?)” Duckie was anxious. Could it be that it wanted Big Sister Susu to take care of its meals again? Duckie originally thought that after Baby Ginseng became a demigod, it could change chefs.

Susu was indeed in charge of its ordinary meals. However, Susu always liked to add ingredients to the duck’s water-element crystal, such as adding some cleansing power to turn it into a cleansing crystal. It wasn’t very suitable for the Abyss Duck’s taste.

“Yi…” Baby Ginseng pointed at Ling and saw Ling directly hand the tears of the ginseng baby it had gathered previously to Duckie.

Duckie: “?”

“Alright, from the current situation, it shouldn’t be a problem for the entire team to be full in the future.” Shi Yu smiled. Although he had been treated at the moment, the aftermath had yet to recover. After all, the burden of contracting so many pets above his level was also present, and he needed to gradually adapt. He said tiredly, “Let’s go back.”

“I’ve been out for so long, but I haven’t told Dong Huang about Emperor Shi.”

“When they know, they’ll definitely be very excited.”

“I’ll go back and rest for two days before continuing to add points.”

“Wu wu wu!!!” At this moment, Eleven, who was nibbling on bamboo, looked at Shi Yu and raised its head slightly.

“Wu wu! (Shi Yu, Shi Yu, didn’t you agree previously to explore the Time Emperor Ruins with Senior Lu? Why did you explore it alone?)”

Shi Yu was just about to leave when he was stunned.

He recalled the night he obtained the ruins crystal and didn’t know what it was. Then, Senior Lu came over to explain and agreed to explore the Time Emperor Ruins together…

Shi Yu’s heart skipped a beat. He looked at Eleven and said, “Why didn’t you remind me earlier?”

Eleven felt aggrieved. “Wu wu wu! (Isn’t this Ling’s job?)”

Ling frowned, indicating that it didn’t want to take the blame. “I wasn’t born at that time, alright?”

Shi Yu said in amusement, “Forget it, I’m just kidding. There’s no need to remind me. I remember it clearly. However, I was worried that the ruins would be dangerous, so I deliberately didn’t call Senior Lu.”

The pets looked doubtful, while Susu’s heart ached for its memory water drop. Why was Shi Yu’s memory still so poor after giving it to Shi Yu? Could it be the after-effect of adding points? Indeed… as he got older, it was easy for his memory to decline.

“Yi! (It’s time to nourish!)” Baby Ginseng waved. It looked like it felt like it could do it again.

…

Shi Yu and the others returned to Dong Huang again. During this period of time, nothing big happened. It was just that the seven Inatella gods, Zi Lan, and the Phoenix man were in Dong Huang. Dong Huang really couldn’t afford to entertain them.

This group of people also knew, so they only used Dong Huang as a resting place. After eating a few meals and dealing with their own matters, they fell asleep one by one and waited for the World Tree to be completed.