Chapter 1281 - 1281 Shocking The Space Emperor For Ten Thousand Years (1)

1281 Shocking the Space Emperor for Ten Thousand Years (1)

Shi Yu felt that he still had some energy, so he deduced the learning method of the Starry Sky Storm.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

[Deduction success rate]: Extremely low

[Deduction Risk]: Extremely high

[Do you want to continue deducing?]

“Deduce my ass.”

Shi Yu cursed and planned to increase his physique first.

The Starry Sky Storm was definitely a powerful skill. Although it was far inferior to the Black Hole God, it was still a famous disaster in the universe.

A huge cosmic storm was even afraid of super divine levels.

However, as long as the success rate wasn’t 0, Shi Yu was confident of success.

After all, with the support of a bunch of skills, the risk could still be reduced!

“Here are the arrangements after the Starry Sky Storm. Qi, Little Ji, Duckie, you guys can break through too. I’ll help you!”

After Shi Yu finished speaking, he looked at the three little guys on the team who weren’t at the totem level yet.

Now, he had already reached the standard level to use the Teleportation Key Stones. Before going to the universe, he had to increase his strength as much as possible.

After all, the stronger one was, the greater the opportunity.

“Yay~” Qi.

“Roar~”

“Quack~”

“Ling, since your research ability has increased, study how to transform the sealing pearl that sealed the remnant soul of the World Annihilation Dragon into a tool for Little Ji to inherit the Destruction Law.” Shi Yu turned to look at Ling again.

“Alright.” Ling had long wanted to fight. It said, “Eleven, help me. I’m worried that my remnant soul will run out when I’m researching the sealing pearl. I can’t defeat that guy.”

“Wu wu wu!!” Eleven expressed that there was no problem.

“Do well!” Shi Yu smiled and started a new round of crazy overtime.

…

In the blink of an eye, two months had passed since the aliens descended on the Blue Planet.

Another month and a half had passed since Shi Yu broke through to the legendary level.

In the past month and a half, Shi Yu had gained a lot.

They strengthened Ling, Qi, Little Ji, Duckie, and Little Zi to the demigod level, one after another.

A lot of the power of the world was used to make up for the points and daily consumption.

Shi Yu believed that this little bit of world power should be a drop in the bucket for the World Tree, so he didn’t stand on ceremony.

From then on, out of the 10 pets Shi Yu contracted, eight were in the first space, and two were in the second space. They were all demigod-level!

Among them, quasi-divine skills like World Grace, Abyss Heart, Cataclysm, Wind of Luck, and Space-Time Travel were even strengthened by Shi Yu to the demigod limit (expert+11).

If it took another step forward, Baby Ginseng, Duckie, Little Ji, Ling, and Qi could break through to the divine level.

At that time, there would be a qualitative change in them!

After a quasi-divine skill perfectly advanced to a divine skill, not only would it lead to an increase in growth level, but the life source condensed by a transcendent life form at the totem level would also gradually transform into an invisible [Heart of God]. The [Heart of God] would help the pet transform the energy of its body into [divine power].

The strength of [divine power] was an important standard to measure the battle power of divine-level life forms.

As for the increase in [divine power], it was also very simple. It was still increased by training the level of divine skills or absorbing resources.

The growth levels of the four divine levels, primary-level god, intermediate-level god, high-level god, and top-notch god, depended on the quality of [divine power].

As long as the divine power was strong enough, even normal divine skills could defeat top-notch divine skills.

Of course, under the same divine power, high-quality divine skills were still better. To put it bluntly, divine power was the [energy points] that belonged to the divine level, but it was more important than [energy points].

This was because [divine power] could also subtly optimize the race and increase physique, lifespan, spirit, soul… It could measure the battle power of a divine-level life form better than [energy points].

At the moment, on the Blue Planet, because the laws of the world were incomplete and the divine power of the gods had dissipated, it was restricted to the demigod level or even lower. However, when Shi Yu headed to the World King Planet, this restriction should disappear.

What gave Shi Yu a headache was that he didn’t seem to be able to play the contract above his level anymore.

According to the description of Zi Lan and the others, Levels 9 and 10 were a threshold. One represented the peak of a normal life form, and the other represented becoming a god. Until now, there had never been a precedent of contracting a divine level above one’s level in the universe, even if one had a special talent.

When Shi Yu heard that, he gave up. The advantage of his previous contract above his level was nothing more than his strong physique, sufficient supplements, and the blessings of the World Tree. However, it was impossible for those geniuses from super divine factions and even cosmic-level factions in the universe not to have these things, and they were definitely better.

However, this was also good. He didn’t have to suffer anymore. As long as he tempered Eleven and the others to the extreme of the demigod level, it was the same to fight above his level.

Even someone like the Ancient God Golden Bull once defeated a low-level god on the Blue Planet with a divine weapon that contained divine power at the demigod level. It was clearly not a big problem for him.

Since he couldn’t contract above his level, he would just add points to them until they were comparable to the divine level, despite being at demigod level!

As Shi Yu worked hard to work overtime, Blue Planet’s gears were also slowly operating. On the basis of the World Tree working hard and squeezing out the five demigods Shi Yu had given it, it finally condensed into a cosmic crystal!

Looking at the cosmic crystal that had spent a Herculean effort to condense in front of it, tears streamed down its face.

In order to condense this lousy thing, the Blue Planet originally needed six to seven years to recover its body. At least, it was delayed for a few years and consumed a lot of the power of the world before it was rushed out in two months.

However, it believed that as long as it used this divine-level cosmic crystal to contact the Space Emperor and the others, this loss should be made up quickly!