Chapter 1280 - 1280 Breaking Through To Legendary Beast Tamer (4)

1280 Breaking Through to Legendary Beast Tamer (4)

“This way, it’s not just a transcendent top-notch intelligence, but the prototype of a divine-level intelligence!”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Inside the green and white Rubik’s Cube, the mechanical spirit Ling, which only showed its upper body, felt that its thoughts were smooth and very comfortable. This feeling was simply even more satisfying than eating Baby Ginseng’s World Tree Fruit!

Double quasi-divine skills!

Ling became the third life form in the team to have two quasi-divine skills after Baby Ginseng.

As for the second, it was Susu. During this period, it completely swallowed the inheritance power of the Blue Sea Ruins and reached its peak. Its Blue Sea Contract and Sea Cleansing Spirit had finally recovered to the stage of a quasi-divine skill.

Although the spirit of the ruins estimated that Susu’s inheritance would take a decade, it didn’t expect Susu to reach the totem level so quickly through other methods, as well as the transcendent Infinite Devour to assist in its digestion!

It was too slow to obediently accept the inheritance. Susu could just swallow it directly!

At the side, Eleven, Buggy, and the others pointed at each other. Buggy nagged at Eleven for a long time and said that there were benefits to breaking through later.

Look, Eleven was the only one left with a quasi-divine skill. Although it only had one, it was a quasi-divine skill after all.

Eleven was dissatisfied. “…Wuu! (Then what’s Susu? I broke through to demigod with it!)”

As the two beasts chirped, Shi Yu was also rather emotional.

“Divine-level intelligence prototype…” In the starry sky of the universe, there was also the machinery race, but they had yet to reach the cosmic level. The strongest was only at the super divine level and had super divine intelligence. Although Ling had become the number one on the Blue Planet, there were still improvements to be made.

“I suddenly realize that you have few attack skills, Ling. Is there anything you want?” Shi Yu was rarely generous.

He would give the first instance of skill deduction ability to Ling.

“Let me think…” Ling was stunned. After thinking for a moment, it said, “I want to learn the Starry Sky Storm! The cosmic disaster that those people encountered midway made the Kirin die!”

Shi Yu fell into deep thought. Was Ling worried that it would also encounter a cosmic storm when it transformed into a cosmic battleship and brought the entire team to travel in the Cosmic Sea?

But indeed… cosmic travel was very dangerous.

Just like how one would encounter vortexes, hidden reefs, storms, and tsunamis when sailing in the sea, cosmic navigation was even more dangerous. Therefore, the starry sky civilization compared the core area of the universe to the Cosmic Sea.

There were too many dangers to experience if one wanted to reach there.

If there was no outstanding “seafarer” leading the way, examples like the Kirin Race weren’t rare.

Why did the Space Emperor and the others send five people to let them choose different routes? It was to be wiped out all at once by the cosmic disaster.

Therefore, if Shi Yu didn’t want to encounter an accident in the Cosmic Sea, it seemed very important to nurture one of his pets into a qualified “seafarer”.

Shi Yu looked at Ling. Well… with the enhancement of the luck buff, there was still a chance to modify himself into a cosmic battleship, mechanical ship girl… It looked like that would be Ling.

“Starry Sky Storm, easy… I’ll leave the important mission of us being able to travel the starry sky safely in the future to you!”

Ling sighed slightly. Otherwise, if it didn’t hand it over, it really planned to ride a dragon and run around. It glanced at Buggy.

Buggy: “?”

“Wu!!” As the first cosmic life form in the team, Buggy felt that its ability had been doubted and was immediately dissatisfied!!

However, in the blink of an eye, when it thought that it could escape its mission of transportation, it went limp again and chose to lie flat. Alright, alright, let Ling be the transportation if it wanted. When the time came, it would definitely be the trump card combatant on the cosmic battleship.

In a battle in the starry sky, how could it lose to a panda? This was like fighting on the ground. It was as unscientific as if ferocious beasts would lose to fish!