Chapter 1286 - 1286 Preparations Before Leaving (1)

1286 Preparations Before Leaving (1)

Next, Zi Lan passed more information about Shi Yu, Dong Huang, and Blue Planet to the Space Emperor.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

However, in the end, the Space Emperor was indeed only attracted by Shi Yu alone and asked more.

“The contracted pets are actually so interesting. As expected of an archeological genius.”

“Although we and the Kirin Race each lost a genius this time, I didn’t expect Shi Yu to actually recover the Wind Kirin Race’s inheritance. This way, the Kirin Race might be very surprised,” the Space Emperor said.

In the Blue Planet’s Mythical Era, several races were destroyed. The Wind Kirin Race was the first to bear the brunt. At the end of the war, there were only a few Kirin Gods with powerful battle powers left in the entire Kirin Race.

With the difficulty of reproduction at the divine level and the situation on the Blue Planet at that time, this was basically no different from being exterminated.

At that time, a batch of descendants of divine beasts left the Blue Planet, and another batch of descendants of divine beasts stayed behind. The Dragon, Phoenix, Angel, and Demon Races had descendants left behind, but only the Kirin Race didn’t. From this, it could be seen how serious the damage to the Kirin Race was.

However, later on, after the few Kirin Gods entered the Cosmic Sea, their luck was pretty good. It was easier to reproduce on high-level planets, and it wasn’t difficult for divine levels to reproduce. In the end, they successfully spread their branches, grew stronger again, and weren’t completely extinct.

Unfortunately, good times didn’t last.

The Kirin Ancestor directly died in the ruins of the era with a batch of elites.

It made the Kirin Race the race with the fewest members, the weakest faction, and the most incomplete inheritance among the five major divine races.

If it weren’t for the fact that the five god races of the Blue Planet had been hugging each other for warmth, the Kirin Race might not have survived until now.

The Kirin Race once suspected that it was because the Wind Kirin was the first to be targeted and the luck inheritance was severed that their luck was so poor. After all, the Wind Kirin Race had always been the responsibility of the luck of the Kirin Race. Now that the Blue Planet actually had the Wind Kirin inheritance, the Kirin Race should be very concerned.

“We have to protect Shi Yu well. We can’t let him be snatched away by the Dragon, Phoenix, and Kirin Races,” the Space Emperor said. “He has nothing to do with the Demon Race and the Angel Race, right?”

The Space Emperor had already expected that at that time, the six major factions on Blue Planet, the five major divine races, and the humans they represented would crazily compete for the geniuses on Blue Planet.

Although the Blue Planet had declined, at its peak, it was a quasi-high-level planet after all, so there were many people on it.

Zi Lan said, “He seems to have obtained a sleeping divine race demon egg, but the laws of the Blue Planet are incomplete. It shouldn’t have hatched yet.”

“I see.” The Space Emperor pondered. This way, apart from the Angel Race, wouldn’t the four major gods be related to Shi Yu?

Shi Yu was suspected of having entered the ruins of the Green Dragon Era and cultivated the Green Dragon that had mastered the Creation God skill. He would definitely be noticed by the Blue Planet’s Dragon Race.

There would probably be a lot of threats.

“It’s alright. Since he’s a Dong Huang human, at that time, he will definitely choose the Floating Planet. What we need to do is provide him with enough cultivation resources and carefully nurture him after he arrives.”

“If Shi Yu is really as talented as you say, perhaps we can use the fastest speed and the smallest price to let the Blue Planet complete its restoration and even evolve.” The Space Emperor smiled and said, “If we can get into the top 10, or even first place…”

“Have you told him about the God Sealing Battle?”

Zi Lan said, “I’ve mentioned it to him, but I didn’t talk about it in detail… Teacher, the first place is too far away. It’s been so long, how many times has the Blue Planet gotten first place?”

“The disciples you and Lord Lin Feng taught haven’t even gotten into the top 100…”

The Space Emperor frowned. “It’s all because you guys are disappointing.”

Zi Lan: “…”

Sorry, I’m trash.

“But isn’t Shi Yu very strong? Give him some time to adapt. He might be able to break the record.” The Space Emperor felt that it was very interesting.

The God Sealing Battle was a super competition organized by the World King Planet. The factions on the World King Planet and the surrounding major planets could participate. The contestants were limited to those below the divine level.

It was held almost every year, and the top 100 had huge benefits.

It was considered a way for the World King Planet to distribute resources.

The benefits of first place could even make super divine levels envious.

However, it was precisely because it was held too frequently and the benefits were too great that a batch of factions cultivated a bunch of geniuses who were stuck at the demigod level and didn’t break through.

Every year, they would participate and be prize hunters.

The God Sealing Battle was an important channel for the various super divine factions and divine-level factions to obtain a large number of cosmic crystals and Teleportation Key Stones.

Therefore, in the annual God Sealing Battle, there might be dozens of representatives of super-divine factions and thousands of divine-level factions participating. Among them, it wasn’t strange for demigods to appear who were hundreds or thousands of years old and had lifespans exceeding tens of thousands of years.

It was even possible for some geniuses to participate in dozens of consecutive competitions for first place.

The competition was quite intense.

Unfortunately, he and Lin Feng didn’t know about this competition at the time. They broke through to the divine level on other planets but couldn’t participate successfully. However, he and Lin Feng had watched the battle.

The top 100 were indeed monsters. The previous first place was even determined that as long as they didn’t die, they would definitely become super divines. He and Lin Feng felt that even if they cultivated bitterly at the legendary level for dozens or hundreds of years, it would still be quite difficult to charge through. It depended on luck.

If Shi Yu was really as strong as Zi Lan said, the Space Emperor felt that it shouldn’t be a problem for Shi Yu to try entering the top 10 after training for a few years.

In fact, in the top five, top three, and first place!

At that time, the number of cosmic crystals, Teleportation Key Stones, and rare resources they would obtain would be more than what divine-level experts like them would earn after working hard for a long time.