Chapter 1282 - 1282 Shocking The Space Emperor For Ten Thousand Years (2)

1282 Shocking the Space Emperor for Ten Thousand Years (2)

The World Tree glanced at the exhausted skeleton, the Tyrant Dragon King, and the other demigods, who no longer had much life force. After a moment of silence, it quickly informed everyone!!

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

At the same time, Shi Yu of Dong Huang Icefield, Zi Lan of Dong Huang Demon Capital, Phoenix Man, and Starry Dragon Phoenix, the angel boy and female succubus who were napping in the Western world, received telepathy at the same time!

“Everyone, I’m the World Tree. The first cosmic crystal has already been condensed.”

“So fast?” Zi Lan, who woke up from her sleep, was slightly surprised. She understood that the Blue Planet was also impatient and had probably paid a considerable price.

“Just in time.” The angel man and female succubus, who were guests in Rongguang and the Demon Kingdom respectively, smiled.

In two months, they had also chosen pretty good geniuses.

It wasn’t the demigods of the Demon Kingdom or the legendary Hero King of Rongguang.

Although these guys were at Level 9, their talent wasn’t worth a Teleportation Key Stone and a cosmic crystal in their opinion.

“You, follow us to see Lord World Tree.”

In the Demon Kingdom, the demigod-level Succubus King and the tall woman she contracted looked at the Fallen Angel Aldrich, who was kneeling on one knee, and were very satisfied.

This guy had two souls in one body and even knew the rare skill, the Soul Incarnation. Now that it was only at Level 8, it already had battle power close to that of a demigod, and it was a rare Fallen Angel Demon Race. Even on the Demon Planet, it could be considered a rare genius. Its talent had yet to be completely developed on the Blue Planet, and it was very worth nurturing.

The one chosen by the Demon Race was the Fallen Angel Prince, who was first shocked by Buggy in Rongguang. Then, in the World Tournament, he was beaten up by the Ancient God Golden Bull and was later traumatized by Shi Yu and Eleven’s valiant battle power.

“Yes, Lord!!” The Fallen Angel Prince was extremely excited. He never expected that this final opportunity would land in his hands.

These adults said that even if it couldn’t reach the World King Planet now, with his talent, the Demon Race should think of a way to nurture him in the future.

This made the Fallen Angel Prince extremely excited.

Shi Yu… At the thought of Shi Yu, an unreachable mountain, the Fallen Angel Prince was still uncertain. After all, he had heard that Shi Yu had even beaten up an alien genius like the Phoenix Man. However, he still felt that this was an opportunity to overtake Shi Yu.

After all, the Demon Race had a super divine life form. On Dong Huang’s Floating Planet, there were only two peak divine levels.

The Demon God Race was clearly stronger than the Dong Huang humans!

As long as he performed well…

The originally overshadowed heart that had been compared started becoming active again.

Rongguang.

The angel boy group received by the Divine Church of Light was also preparing to take the woman in front of them to Inatella.

It was a woman with long golden hair, a beautiful face, a full figure, and a holy aura. Like the Fallen Angel Prince Aldrich, she was a contestant who participated in the last world competition. She was the representative of the Kingdom of Glory, the Holy Maiden of the Divine Church of Light, Amelia.

As the representative of Rongguang, Amelia was only a legend at that time, but she already had the battle power of a titled legend. She was originally a powerful candidate to compete for the championship of the World Tournament, but who knew that Shi Yu would appear midway, making her not even dare to have a chance to appear?

She was also a genius living under Shi Yu’s shadow.

Now, after the World Tournament ended, she had already reached Level 8. Her growth rate was very fast. The reason was that not long after the first revival of the laws, Amelia awakened the memories of her previous life. She was actually also a reincarnation.

Moreover, she had reincarnated from a transcendent life form into a human.

In her previous life, she was a low-level angel goddess of the Angel Race in the Mythical Era. She was also a god of the Mythical Era, like the male angel who was frightened by Shi Yu at the alliance meeting.

This situation of the gods transforming into humans was very rare. It wasn’t that it was difficult, but very few gods did this. This was even harder than hybrids. This exception naturally became the first choice of the angel man from outer space, temporarily treating her as a super genius that the angels wanted to rope in.

It was a little strange to say that she was a genius. After all, with the seniority of Amelia’s previous life, she could be said to be the ancestor of the current alien angel race.

At this moment, when everyone heard the summoning of the World Tree, they began to take action. In the icy plain, Shi Yu also stretched and revealed an expectant expression.

“Little ones, let’s go. It shouldn’t be long before we can go to the World King Planet!!!”

“Wu wu wu!!”

“Roar!!”

Under Shi Yu’s call, the pets surrounding the icy plain and eating hotpot were overjoyed. Baby Ginseng heaved a sigh of relief.

“Yi~!!”

Great!

When they arrived at the World King Planet, the world’s energy should be very abundant. It could even afford to raise super divine levels. After Eleven and the other demigods went over, their need for food shouldn’t be as big as now, right?

“Yiya! (It’s time to work hard!)” Baby Ginseng had already planned to go there and try its best to downplay its identity as a chef.

For example, a divine-level first clear.

“Let’s go!!!” Shi Yu said.

Ling said, “Wait, shouldn’t we call Teacher Ying? Didn’t it also pick up the Teleportation Key Stones?”

“Oh, there’s also this guy.” Shi Yu was speechless.

He still didn’t want to believe that a cat could casually make a wish to obtain the Teleportation Key Stones.

Shi Yu still remembered the smug expression on the gem cat’s face when it laughed arrogantly at him in the video.

…

Inatella.

The World Tree saw the four aliens and their contracted targets that arrived one after another, as well as Shi Yu, the Dragon God, Aldrich, Amelia, and the gem cat that they had chosen to follow. It nodded slightly.