Chapter 1288 - 1288 Preparations Before Leaving (3)

1288 Preparations Before Leaving (3)

“After you’re ready, you can teleport over at any time. Someone will receive you over there.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“And apart from bringing these back, I also brought back some news. Teacher and Lord Lin Feng asked me to convey messages to their pets on the Blue Planet… and also to Lord Blue Planet. So, I still have to stay on the Blue Planet for a period of time.”

“Next, I’ll be the messenger of both parties,” Zi Lan said.

“You’ve worked hard,” the World Tree said.

Zi Lan smiled and said, “This is what I should do.”

“Me too.” Shi Yu held the cosmic crystal and said, “I plan to go over in two days. I still have to bid farewell to my acquaintances.”

Zi Lan said, “It’s alright, you can go over when you want. But the three of you, they’re calling you back to the World King Planet. It’s best to go as soon as possible.” She looked at Phoenix Man and the others.

The Phoenix Man said, “I understand. I’ll go back now. I’ve long missed my mom.”

Zi Lan’s return made everyone obtain the cosmic crystal. She threw the resources prepared by the Angel Race and the Demon Race to the Angel Man and the Demon Lady. Then, she looked at the World Tree, and looked like she also planned to chat with it privately.

She also brought a large number of resources to distribute to the World Tree, Dong Huang, and even the second team pets of the Space Emperor and Lin Feng…

At this moment, Shi Yu weighed the cosmic crystal and looked at Senior Dragon God and the gem cat with mixed emotions. “Senior Dragon God, Teacher Ying, you shouldn’t be in a hurry to go over. Let’s go together when the time comes.”

“I plan to bid farewell to President Lin, Principal Feng, and the others first and pack my things.”

The Dragon God nodded and said, “Alright, I’ll wait for you here.”

The gem cat said, “Hey, hey, hey, I’m even less anxious. I’ll wait a year and a half before going over. I have a lot to deal with. Shi Yu, go test the water first.”

“If it’s too dangerous, I’ll sell the stone. I’ve already discussed it with that beautiful sister. Of course, if Dong Huang has needs, I’ll hand them over first!”

Shi Yu: “?”

“Alright.” Shi Yu was helpless. Right on the heels of that, he looked at everyone and said, “Everyone, I’ll take my leave first. I’m going to move my luggage. See you on the World King Planet.”

“Handsome, see you on the World King Planet.” The female succubus waved at Shi Yu and said, “Come to my place as a guest when the time comes. Let’s cultivate together.”

Shi Yu was stunned and felt tempted.

“See you on the World King Planet,” the Phoenix Man also curled his lips and said. He hoped that these bastards wouldn’t publicize his loss to Shi Yu when they arrived at Sky City.

The angel man and the others looked at Shi Yu. The Fallen Angel and the Holy Maiden were slightly silent. From the looks of it, Shi Yu had arrived at the World King Planet before them. However, they would also go over as soon as possible.

“Go and prepare.” As the World Tree finished speaking, Shi Yu took a deep breath and nodded. He turned around and left Inatella with the gem cat.

…

Shi Yu indeed had a pile of things to prepare. For example, there were a bunch of friends he wanted to bid farewell to for the time being.

Space crystals looked pretty precious. He didn’t plan to return in the short term. He planned to cultivate bitterly over there for a period of time to adapt.

He first returned to Ping Cheng and watched this thriving city from a high altitude. Soon, Baby Ginseng was summoned by Shi Yu to his shoulder, and Buggy was also summoned to his side.

“Baby Ginseng, Buggy, help upgrade the surrounding environment of Ping Cheng.”

“Yi! (Alright ~)”

“Ji! (Leave it to me!)” Buggy nodded. Ping Cheng was also its hometown. It was born on an ordinary tree in the forest outside Ping Cheng. It crawled through many places and finally stopped on a persimmon tree, caught by Shi Yu.

At the thought of this, tears welled up in Buggy’s eyes. Although it wasn’t that it wasn’t coming back, for some reason, this was the first time it had strong feelings of leaving its hometown.

Perhaps… the distance was too far?

“Ji.” Under Shi Yu’s request, Buggy and Baby Ginseng helped modify Ping Cheng through the power of creation and the power of the world. The steam raised the energy standard of this small city to the level of a first-level city, comparable to big cities like the Ancient Capital and the Divine Capital.

At the same time, Eleven also flew back to the Bamboo Forest Breeding Base and mixed into a group of panda cubs. It turned a big earth mountain into a golden mountain with some stones and shocked a bunch of feeders.

“Wu wu wu.” Eleven strolled leisurely as if it was home.

It wasn’t easy for ordinary people to detect subtle modifications in other places.

However, it was very sensitive to Beast Tamers and pets.

“Holy shit, the laws revived again?” On the Beast Tamer Troops’ side, the Beast Tamers were shocked.

In the Beast Tamer Association, President Feng, who had once helped Shi Yu a lot, walked to the window and looked at the flower pot. As the level-one spiritual plant inside instantly increased by two levels, he was immediately stunned.

“Uncle Feng.” After being stunned, he was shocked by the figure floating in the air beside the window and almost threw away the wolfberry water.

“Shi Yu, why are you here… This, you did this??” He was shocked. He sensed that the surrounding environment was getting stranger and stranger and couldn’t help but say in shock.

The pets in his Beast Taming Space began to remind him. He felt that there were more nutrients in the outside world.

Shi Yu smiled and said, “The plant pet has broken through. Help green the city and experiment with this skill. Next, the resource evaluation of Ping Cheng should be able to increase to level one. Uncle Feng, remember to plan it yourself.”

“You brat.” President Feng smiled. He knew that Shi Yu had come to give feedback on Ping Cheng again. In the past two years, Shi Yu, this genius, had helped a lot in the development and construction of Ping Cheng. He was about to change Ping Cheng’s name to Shi Yu City.

“It’s rare for you to come. Want a drink?” President Feng invited.

“No, there’s something else,” Shi Yu said.

“I understand. Go ahead,” President Feng said. “But take care of your health. You’ve been weak since you were young. Now that you’re so powerful, why do you still look weak…”

Shi Yu was called over by Buggy. Buggy accidentally discovered a person in Ping Cheng.

It was an artistic young man sitting by the street, drawing. Beside him was a Rainbow Light Mushroom. When he saw him, Shi Yu fell into deep thought. Then, he smiled and recalled.

When he was a newbie, in order to help Buggy train the power of imagination and simulate an ice dragon, he prepared many props, including the ice dragon statue, and the ice dragon painting. Among them, the ice dragon painting was drawn by someone… The person in front of him was originally a passerby he had met once. He didn’t expect that the other party was still developing in Ping Cheng. He went from a student to a handsome, artsy young man.

He didn’t know if the other party knew that the buyer he had drawn for the Ice Dragon had directly let his pet materialize the Ice Dragon Phantom and kill everyone in the class assessment… Shi Yu looked at the Green Dragon the other party was drawing now and thought for a moment. The other party probably knew.

“Eh???” Finally, after painting the Green Dragon’s eyes, the artistic young man on the street heaved a sigh of relief. However, he was shocked to discover that the painting flickered with light. The Green Dragon in it seemed to have come alive and flown out of the painting. Then, it circled in midair and let out a strong and deafening dragon roar. It took a look at them and returned to the painting, adding more extraordinary power to the painting.

The young man looked around in shock and realized that the passers-by hadn’t noticed the abnormality just now. He looked at his pet again and saw that it was also looking at him in confusion.

“Coo, coo!!” The Rainbow Light Mushroom asked what was wrong with the Green Dragon just now.

“This painting…” The arty young man was stunned. “The Green Dragon God appeared??”

He was stunned for a long time before quickly getting up and saying, “I’m not selling this painting anymore. Let’s go home!”

“Let’s go.” The other party went home. In the sky, Shi Yu also called Buggy to leave. He turned around and took out his cell phone to call Senior Lu.

A puzzled voice came from the other side. “Shi Yu? What’s wrong?”

“Senior Lu, come to the Ancient Capital. I’ll treat you to a meal with Principal Feng and the others tonight. I’m going to World King Planet to take a look someday. I wonder how long it will take me to return.” After Shi Yu finished speaking, there was a long silence. Then, he whispered, “Is there any way to bring me along?”

Shi Yu smiled bitterly and said, “What can we do? If you want to go over, break through to the legendary level quickly. I’ll try to get you more Teleportation Key Stones and cosmic crystals.”

“Ah, alright.”

In Ancient Capital, Shi Yu returned to Ancient Capital University after going around in circles. He planned to bid farewell to Principal Feng first. Didn’t the other party always hate him for not reporting when he went out to have fun? He would report it this time. Well, he would also call Master Qu Jie along.

Didn’t Master Qu Jie like the Bull Race very much? He felt that he could introduce the Ancient God Golden Bull to him before leaving and cooperate with him to become a legendary examiner in the future!