Chapter 1289 - 1289 Departure (1)

1289 Departure (1)

“Teacher Ying, after I leave, don’t just focus on earning money.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Help me bring Lu Qingyi, Lin Xiuzhu, and the others.”

After Shi Yu arrived at Ancient Capital University, he found the gem cat girl who was lazing around.

It looked like this guy really didn’t plan to go to the World King Planet now.

It reflected one word: cowardice.

The gem cat girl stretched on the sofa with a tired expression.

“Damn it~ You couldn’t even be bothered to help them level up when you were on Blue Planet. You asked me to.” She wasn’t a nanny.

“Take this.” Shi Yu took out a spatial bag and threw it to her. “Inside are a large number of resources and a new gem fruit developed by Baby Ginseng after it broke through. Try it.”

The gem cat girl supported herself up and took the spatial bag with a glint in her eyes. “What else do you want?”

Shi Yu said, “After I set off, remember to make a wish every day and let my life go smoothly.”

The gem cat took out a gem fruit and said, “I understand, I understand!! But don’t blame me if the wish fails. After suffering, good things come!”

Shi Yu curled his lips and said, “I want to never suffer. Only when I’m sick in the head will I want good things to come after suffering.”

The gem cat also curled its lips and said, “Whatever you say. Just like how I think it’s bitter. I’m just afraid that you’ll encounter setbacks when you get there, so I’ll give you some spirit chicken soup first.”

“Alright, I’ll go find Principal Feng. Senior Lu should be here later.” Shi Yu waved.

Shi Yu planned to greet all his acquaintances after leaving this time.

Even individuals like Zou Yun, Gao Xuan, Ji Feng, Yu Shu, and Yin Zhengfan received greetings from Shi Yu, aiming to ignite their fighting spirit!

If a normal person saw this, they would definitely be angry. After all, they had been beaten up by Shi Yu before, but Shi Yu had brought a gift.

They weren’t ready-made.

They are all treasure maps of relics.

There were treasures in the ruins.

Of course, it wasn’t a Mythical Ruins or Legendary Ruins that Shi Yu had found through the “Passage of Time” skill.

These places were too dangerous and not friendly to young people.

They were all pillars of Dong Huang, so they couldn’t take too much risk.

Those ruins were all built by Shi Yu himself in the mystic realm space he built with Eleven, Buggy, and Baby Ginseng.

There were all kinds of checkpoints that weren’t human. Of course, there were also prizes.

After a few hundred years, it should be able to be called a ruin. He would let his own people mess around first.

Apart from that, there were also a few secret ones hidden all over the world. There was also one on the Ice Dragon Snow Mountain.

It was a little prank before leaving, waiting for the fated person to arrive.

As for juniors like An Chang and Fang Lan, the gifts Shi Yu prepared were relatively direct. He planned to entrust Principal Feng to bring them.

“Principal Feng.” After Shi Yu arrived at Principal Feng’s courtyard, he saw him trimming flowers with the Void Mantis.

“Shi Yu.” Principal Feng stopped.

“Shi Yu!!” After the Void Mantis saw Shi Yu, it immediately ran over and said, “Is there any news from the World Tree?”

Shi Yu said, “Yeah, Zi Lan has already returned to the World King Planet and brought back another batch of resources. In two days, I should also go to the World King Planet.”

“Brilliant.” The Void Mantis was extremely excited. When it chatted with Zi Lan, Zi Lan said that when it came the second time, she would definitely ask the Space Emperor for a pile of upgrade resources and guarantee that it would reach the demigod level. Then, she would give it the Teleportation Key Stones and cosmic crystals and send it to the Space Emperor.

It had been looking forward to it for a long time.

Even it felt that its current invincible overlord strength wasn’t enough.

“Shi Yu, after you reach the Space Emperor first, you’re not allowed to say that you defeated me. Just say that I’ve guided you for a long time and am a teacher and friend. Do you hear me?” the Void Mantis said.

Shi Yu’s teeth hurt. “You’ve already reminded me several times. I understand, I understand, Teacher Mantis.”

Didn’t he just want the Space Emperor to think highly of him?

It wasn’t a big deal.

They were brothers.

Moreover, the Void Mantis had indeed taught Buggy for a long time.

“Wu wu wu wu.” The Void Mantis’s eyes were filled with tears. A good person would have a safe life. When it became stronger than Shi Yu, it would definitely be gentle when taking revenge.

Principal Feng felt a headache when he heard that. He said, “As expected, we still have to go, but we’re actually leaving so quickly. Have you told Qingyi?”

“She’ll come over later. Let’s have a meal tonight,” Shi Yu said. “Call all the familiar faces. Master Qu Jie, Director Hao, and the others, I’ll cook!”

“Alright!” Principal Feng also knew that Shi Yu had hardened his wings. Not to mention him, even President Lin, Divine Source Legendary, and the World Tree probably couldn’t stop this guy’s exploration.

Soon, Senior Lu arrived at Ancient Capital University one step behind Shi Yu.

Just as she arrived in the courtyard, she saw Shi Yu promoting supplements to Principal Feng. Her face darkened. “Grandpa, when did you use supplements too?”

Principal Feng glared and said, “Don’t you see my age? If I don’t nourish myself, I won’t even be able to water the plants.”

“Alright, alright, alright.” Lu Qingyi stopped talking. She looked at Shi Yu and said, “When are you leaving?”

Shi Yu said, “Tomorrow. I’ll go to Wu Ling City and Dragon Palace City to take a look tomorrow.”

“Then when do you plan to come back?” Lu Qingyi asked.

Shi Yu thought for a moment and said, “Previously, Zi Lan seemed to have recommended me to participate in some competition. Perhaps I’ll go take a look. In short, I’ll adapt over there first and come back to take a look after seeing the world. In any case, it’s just a cosmic crystal. I didn’t ask the Space Emperor and Senior Lin Feng for it. They can’t not give it to me, right?”

Lu Qingyi said helplessly, “Competition again? Class competition, national competition, and world competition. You’re going to the universe to compete again.”