Chapter 1287 - 1287 Preparations Before Leaving (2)

1287 Preparations Before Leaving (2)

“When he reaches the World King Planet, I’ll personally explain the God Sealing Battle to him. He’s still young, so he doesn’t have to try to break through to the divine level so early. The right path for him is to train more and broaden his horizons with the geniuses of the myriad races in the starry sky,” the Space Emperor Kong said.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

In his opinion, with such talent and strength, it would be a pity not to participate in dozens of batches and collect more resources from the World King Planet to charge into first place.

…

Blue Planet…

World Tree Mystic Realm.

At this moment, after hearing Shi Yu’s information about Emperor Shi, the World Tree was completely stunned.

“What did you say!!!” The World Tree was extremely shocked.

On the Blue Planet, there was another place that connected to the ruins of the cosmic era.

Moreover, Emperor Shi of Dong Huang actually successfully explored and cracked the ruins and broke through to the super divine level.

Such explosive news was simply even more unbelievable to the World Tree than learning that the five divine races had super-divine beings.

“That’s what happened, so when I reach the World King Planet, I’ll help the Blue Planet find evolution resources as much as possible. I’ll also share this information with the Space Emperor, Senior Lin Feng, and the others and work hard for Blue Planet’s evolution!”

Shi Yu smiled and said, “Therefore, Lord World Tree, when I reach there, I’m unfamiliar with the place and should be leaving soon. Is there any more help you can provide?”

The World Tree looked at Shi Yu with mixed feelings. Archeology actually raised a time-element super-divine human?

Ridiculous!

At the peak of the Blue Planet, it was only at the peak of the divine level and had yet to reach the super divine level.

The three strongest enemies who threatened Blue Planet’s Mythical Era were only at the super divine level.

In the end, a human who was born inside the Blue Planet more than 2000 years ago was already a super divine?

Thinking again about the Space Emperor and Lin Feng, the World Tree’s approval rating for humans as the saviors of the Blue Planet reached an unprecedented ten thousand percent.

This was really a miracle race.

The World Tree gritted its teeth.

“Alright.”

“100 divine-level energy crystals,” the World Tree said. “Before you leave, I’ll gather 100 elemental divine-level energy crystals for you.”

Shi Yu was delighted. He knew that it would definitely be beneficial to tell the World Tree about Emperor Shi.

This… was equivalent to 100 divine-level resources.

Although it could only be used to replenish consumption and was the cheapest divine-level resource, it was definitely very useful to Shi Yu.

Considering that there was abundant energy over there, perhaps he wouldn’t have to worry about resources for a few years?

No, considering the huge consumption of points, perhaps it could last for a few months. In short, it wasn’t bad.

“I know you contracted more pets, so the burden might be greater. After leaving Blue Planet, don’t use Baby Ginseng’s World Grace randomly.”

“These energy crystals should be enough for you to use for a period of time to replenish your consumption.”

“The rest is up to you.”

“Thank you,” Shi Yu said sincerely. “Don’t worry, after I get there, I’ll definitely work hard and improve every day. I’ll strive to make a name for myself and repay my mother planet.”

After a moment of silence, the World Tree said, “There’s no need to work so hard. You’re still young. As long as you remember not to cause trouble, you’re a good child.”

The universe was filled with opportunities, but it was also dangerous. No one knew if the future was good or bad for the Blue Planet once it came into contact with the starry sky.

“Don’t worry,” Shi Yu said.

“No, I’m worried,” the World Tree said. “No, I’ll remind you more.”

“When the time comes, I’ll also instruct them.”

Among the five cosmic-level factions, only the World King Planet was close to a planetary life form. The other four were natural enemies with planetary life forms. There were enemies everywhere, so how could the World Tree be at ease?

When a genius left the planet, he couldn’t possibly lure the enemy over when he returned.

…

In the outside world.

As Zi Lan had said, she didn’t make everyone wait long.

After Zi Lan obtained the universal resource, the cosmic crystal, she rushed back immediately.

“Captain, did it go smoothly? How’s the situation?” Phoenix Man and the others were extremely happy.

After Zi Lan returned, Shi Yu finally escaped from the nagging World Tree. His head was about to explode.

At this moment, looking at everyone, Zi Lan smiled and said, “I saw Teacher. I brought nine cosmic crystals from there first.”

Nine pieces!!

“Alright.” The Phoenix man was pleasantly surprised. There was enough for everyone to have a piece. They could finally go back.

Zi Lan looked at the gem cat and said, “The distribution rule is that we each get a piece. Little cat, I also got one piece for you.”

The gem cat was extremely touched. Thank you, big boss.

“Meow~”

“But you’re so weak. You have to be careful when you get there. The environment over there is still quite unfriendly to newbies. The gravity is very strong. If you have big-sized pets, it’s best to let them be prepared. Before you have strength, there’s no need to not become big. Small bodies can better save physical strength,” Zi Lan reminded kindly.

The gem cat: “?”

Me, weak? No! Ridiculous!

The cat was angry and was definitely going to make a name for itself.

Blue Planet and World King Planet were connected. This was the early stage of the bonus. In its judgment, it was best not to miss the first bus.

Everyone nodded… They had already understood.

“Apart from that, I also brought back a batch of resources jointly prepared by the six major races, mainly to help Blue Planet accelerate its restoration. In addition…”

She looked at the Fallen Angel Prince and the Holy Maiden and said, “Those of you who haven’t reached Level 9, reach it as soon as possible so that you can activate the Teleportation Key Stones.”

“Thank you,” the Fallen Angel Prince and the Holy Maiden said.

“For you.” Zi Lan handed a handful of cosmic crystals to everyone with the keystone. At the same time, she said, “The teleportation locations connected to your keystone are different. Shi Yu, Senior Dragon God, you’re connected to the Sky City of the World King Planet. The other two are Demon City and Angel City.”