Chapter 1285 - 1285 Shocking The Space Emperor For Ten Thousand Years (5)

1285 Shocking the Space Emperor for Ten Thousand Years (5)

“It was once a third-level city in Dong Huang. Shi Yu was only an orphan at the start before he was unearthed by Dong Huang. He belonged to the type of super genius in the true sense of the word.” Zi Lan couldn’t help but say, “Teacher, Qi Mu… fought with Shi Yu previously.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Moreover, Qi Mu lost.”

The Space Emperor was stunned.

“Because Shi Yu is suppressed by the laws of the world, no pet has mastered two quasi-divine skills. There are no creatures on Blue Planet with more than two quasi-divine skills, but Qi Mu and the others still lost.”

“Moreover, the most important thing is…”

“Shi Yu is only a Level 8 Beast Tamer… He hasn’t reached Level 9. He defeated Qi Mu, who’s above his level.”

“But now, he should have reached Level 9.”

As Zi Lan finished speaking, even the Space Emperor, who had heard that the Phoenix Man had lost to the natives of the Blue Planet and was relatively calm, was completely unable to calm down.

“What??”

“He’s only at Level 8. How can he defeat Qi Mu?” The Space Emperor was in disbelief.

After all, on the Blue Planet, when he was Level 8, he could only kill a top-notch totem. He couldn’t even defeat normal demigods.

Although Qi Mu wasn’t considered an expert among the younger generation of the Floating Planet, on the Blue Planet, it would definitely be a case of overkill.

He was actually defeated by someone below his level?

Zi Lan smiled bitterly and said, “So I was also very shocked at that time. He’s a freak. Although he was only at Level 8, he contracted at least four demigod-level pets above his level…”

Emperor Kong: “?”

“Moreover, the others on the Blue Planet are just as you and Lord Lin Feng said. They only have one Beast Taming Talent, but he developed a new Beast Taming ability on the foundation of a Beast Taming Talent…”

“Moreover, it’s a divine-level talent that can trigger the sound of laws.”

“By the way, it’s said that it was developed at Level 6. It’s said that he can already easily kill totems at Level 6.”

Emperor Kong: “?”

“After we communicated, I finally confirmed that it’s very likely that Shi Yu entered the ruins of the last cosmic era and obtained the inheritance.”

“In fact, he was also unearthed by Dong Huang because of his archeological talent. His growth all the way through was inseparable from archeology. Now, he’s even known as the strongest archeologist on Blue Planet.”

The Space Emperor fell into deep thought and was shocked. He had never expected that the news brought back by Zi Lan and the others could shock him. Even in his current position, he felt that Shi Yu was a living little monster.

After all, a place like the Blue Planet…

An archeologist who could crack the ruins of the cosmic era and obtain benefits?

Such an archeological genius could be counted on one hand, even on the World King Planet.

“How’s his personality?” The Space Emperor asked the most important question.

Zi Lan said, “He’s alright. Based on the Divine Source Legendary and President Lin Xiao… and what we’ve learned from many parties, his greatest problem is that he’s restless and likes to take risks everywhere. He’s not a down-to-earth person. After communicating with us, he’s also very curious about the cosmic ruins. It should be… common for archeologists?”

“By the way, he also successfully awakened your second team’s pet, Senior Void Mantis, from the ruins and inherited the Son of the Stars Egg you left behind. According to Senior Void Mantis, Shi Yu isn’t bad. He has received its guidance and is considered half a disciple of it. Don’t worry. Moreover, Shi Yu also took good care of the bloodline descendants you left on Blue Planet.”

“…” The Space Emperor fell silent again. He didn’t expect that this guy was still his inheritor?

After a long time, he kept feeling that something was wrong. A super archeological genius, restless, cosmic ruins… Thinking of the Kirin Race ancestor who led most of the elites of the Kirin Race to die in the ruins of the era, why did he feel that this genius wasn’t that reliable to nurture in the future?