Chapter 1283 - 1283 Shocking The Space Emperor For Ten Thousand Years (3)

1283 Shocking the Space Emperor for Ten Thousand Years (3)

Zi Lan and the Star Dragon represented the Space Emperor and the dragon race respectively. There was nothing wrong with choosing the senior of the Space Emperor and the previous Dragon God of Dragon Palace City.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The Phoenix man who had been beaten up by Shi Yu represented Lin Feng and the Phoenix Race respectively. There was nothing wrong with choosing Shi Yu. After all, Shi Yu was now the number one person on the Blue Planet, the envoy of Blue Planet’s Will. Moreover, he was also a contractor of the almost-extinct Phoenix Race, the last descendant of a demigod bloodline.

The Demon Race chose the most talented Aldrich of the Demon Race at the moment. They planned to wait for him to reach the legendary stage. The Angel Race chose the Ancestral God Reincarnation. They weren’t strange choices.

“They’re all familiar faces.” After arriving, Shi Yu looked at Aldrich and the Rongguang Holy Maiden in surprise.

He originally thought that it would be some foreign legends.

Why were they all children who had participated in the world competition?

“Have you reached Level 9?”

Upon hearing Shi Yu’s words, the Fallen Angel Prince and the Rongguang Holy Maiden fell silent. They didn’t want to talk to Shi Yu.

Seeing how smug Shi Yu was, she knew that Shi Yu was definitely Level 9.

They felt that this was also normal. After all, Shi Yu had obtained the Blessing of the World Tree and defeated the Phoenix Man. He had the battle record of defeating a bunch of demigods. It would be strange if he wasn’t at Level 9.

[Level 9…]

The World Tree sensed Shi Yu’s level and couldn’t help but be pleasantly surprised. No wonder he was so arrogant. He had leveled up again. Not bad.

Zi Lan and the Phoenix Man also suddenly looked at Shi Yu. Shi Yu had leveled up?

[Not good.] The Phoenix man’s expression darkened. Shi Yu was already so powerful at Level 8. How much more impressive would he be at Level 9?

He had already thought that there would be rumors of his defeat on the Floating Planet.

Most important was… how to defeat Shi Yu!!

“Eh, it’s???” At this moment, the World Tree looked at the eager gem cat girl beside it in confusion and looked at Shi Yu. Could it be that Shi Yu planned to contract it too and go to the World King Planet together?

At least for now, there was no contract… In short, he wasn’t here to sightsee, right?

“Lord World Tree, I’m a demigod of Dong Huang. Don’t you remember? I also participated in the battle of Shi Yu hunting the demigods of the Yun Race. I have a very good relationship with Shi Yu,” the gem cat girl said. “Well, I picked up a Teleportation Key Stone not long ago, so if you distribute the cosmic crystals in the future, don’t forget me!!”

“I’ll also work hard to help the Blue Planet collect evolution resources!” The cat waved.

Everyone: “?”

Be it the alien groups or the natives of the Blue Planet, they looked at the cat girl in shock. What was this? The Teleportation Key Stone was picked up just like that??

“Ah, this.” The World Tree was also stunned.

The cat had picked up a treasure that the god races had risked their lives to send back?

What was going on!

It didn’t understand.

This wasn’t a joke, right?

Shi Yu had a headache. “It has a quasi-divine skill of making wishes. Its luck has always been very good.”

After a moment of silence, the World Tree didn’t say anything else. In any case, it only had one cosmic crystal now. It was too early to say this. It said, “Now that I’ve finally condensed a cosmic crystal, should I give this cosmic crystal to you?”

The World Tree looked at Zi Lan.

Zi Lan smiled and said, “Yes, Lord Blue Planet. The four of us also have our own Teleportation Key Stones. Next, I’ll use this Teleportation Key Stone to head to the World King Planet and contact Teacher. Then, I’ll explain the Blue Planet’s situation to him.”

“I was teleported to the World King Planet from here, so if I return, I’ll also return here. At that time, I’ll bring more cosmic crystals from the World King Planet to ensure that everyone can go over together.”

“As for time, it will also be very fast. When I get there, I can immediately contact Teacher. The Floating Planet is hanging beside the World King Planet. We also have our own territory on the World King Planet. Both parties can communicate.”

“Captain, I’ll leave it to you.” The Phoenix Man, the Angel Man, and the Demon Lady prayed. They could finally go home. As long as Zi Lan brought back the cosmic crystal from the various races…

At least before the revival of the laws, they didn’t want to stay in this godforsaken place for a moment longer.

It was a barren land!

“Sister Zi Lan, I’ll leave it to you. We’ll wait for you.” Shi Yu also looked forward to it. Although the World King Planet sounded very far, with the Teleportation Key Stones, Shi Yu didn’t feel that it was a long trip. He only felt that he was going to a fresher place to see the world.

The exploration technique taught by Emperor Shi could only be used in larger places!

“Alright, in that case, I’ll leave this cosmic crystal to you.” The World Tree handed the only cosmic crystal to the Space Emperor’s disciple, Zi Lan.

After Zi Lan nodded, she couldn’t wait to take out her Teleportation Key Stone.

“Then I’ll go and come back quickly,” she said. Then, she recalled the Star Dragon and directly controlled the Crowd Control Teleportation Key Stone. She absorbed the cosmic crystal and chose to activate the teleportation device.

In the next moment, light flickered. Accompanied by this special spatial wave, they only left a spatial coordinate here. Then, right on the heels of that, they disappeared from the Blue Planet with the white light.

Zi Lan disappeared, and the remaining natives of the Blue Planet sensed everything around them in surprise.

The gem cat girl fell into deep thought and was very curious. Not bad, it was a spatial expert… but it actually couldn’t understand the teleportation just now!

If he used the Teleportation Key Stones and cosmic crystals well, wouldn’t his escape ability be maxed out?

[I know what you’re thinking, but I advise you not to rely on this when the time comes. I feel that as long as you have a divine-level ability, it’s very easy to interrupt this teleportation.] Shi Yu looked at the gem cat and said telepathically. He had long guessed Teacher Cat’s heart.