Chapter 1290 - 1290 Departure (2)

1290 Departure (2)

Shi Yu was amused. “The competition is relatively safe. Aren’t you going to give it a try when you go over? I’ll go test the situation first. By the way, didn’t the World Tree say that there was another world competition? Senior, try to win this first.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“I’ll fight for it.”

“After Baby Ginseng broke through, I left another pile of resources here. Use them as you see fit,” Shi Yu also threw Lu Qingyi a spatial bag and said.

Lu Qingyi grabbed it with one hand and said, “Then I won’t hold back.”

At the side, Principal Feng shook his head and said, “Qingyi, don’t join in the fun. Don’t you know your own talent? Be good and stay on the Blue Planet!”

“Ugh~” Lu Qingyi rejected. “Blue Planet doesn’t have any era ruins. I’ve never seen them.”

Blue Planet didn’t have many secrets anymore.

“The ruins of the era?” Principal Feng was stunned. “What’s that?”

“Cough, it’s nothing.” Lu Qingyi waved her hand and said, “You should rest.”

Shi Yu chuckled and said, “By the way, Senior Lu, there’s a map I wrote in the spatial bag. On it are many locations of ruins and mystic realms. I’ve confirmed the location, but I didn’t explore it. There are many Mythical Ruins among them. You can pull Teacher Ying along when you’re free.”

He pondered and said, “There are also a few life-saving tools made by Eleven and the others inside. Logically speaking… there shouldn’t be any danger, right? Well, it’s not a big problem. In any case, the World Tree said to help take care of Dong Huang. If there are any problems, just look for it.” Shi Yu clapped his fists. The plan worked.

“Really? How much did you store? After I explore the ruins, we’ll split the good stuff 50-50,” Lu Qingyi couldn’t help but say.

“50-50, sure.” Shi Yu chuckled.

“Shi Yu, don’t I have any farewell gifts?” The Void Mantis couldn’t help but interrupt. This was too much. Principal Feng had supplements, and Lu Qingyi had the ruins map. What about it?

Shi Yu said in disdain, “Senior Space Emperor must have brought you a pile of good things. Stop thinking about me. Why don’t we wait for Zi Lan to come and I’ll see what good things the Space Emperor brought you? Let’s change??”

The Void Mantis was furious. “Don’t even think about it.”

Shi Yu smiled. “Then you can follow Senior Lu and the others to explore the ruins. There will definitely be a pile of good things inside. Perhaps there will be a pile of mythical resources.”

The Void Mantis said, “It’s not impossible.”

It didn’t sound like exploring ruins, but more like picking up treasures.

The sky gradually darkened. On the Ancient Capital’s side, Shi Yu called Master Qu Jie, Dean Hao, Grandma Li, who had helped make Eleven’s evolution armor, and a group of people related to his growth began to entertain him.

Although most people didn’t know why Shi Yu was so generous today and wanted to treat them to a big meal, it would be a waste not to go.

In the end, Shi Yu even wrote an introduction letter to Master Qu Jie and introduced him to the Ancient God Golden Bull… After all, he and Grandpa Bull worshiped the Bull God…

The next day.

Shi Yu arrived at Wu Ling City again and came to see Lin Hongnian and the others.

There were also many familiar faces here. Senior Panda, Senior Beast Ear, Legend Hua, Butterfly God, and the others were all training here.

“Shi Yu, why are you here?” Lin Xiuzhu, who was researching new inscriptions, glanced at Shi Yu, who knocked on the door and entered. She was rather surprised and immediately put down her work and got up.

“Wu wu wu!!” Eleven, who was beside Shi Yu’s leg, said unhappily. Fine, ignore me.

Senior Panda was stunned. “Eleven, you heard wrong. I was talking about Eleven. Why are you here?”

Eleven was happy. So that was the case.

Shi Yu’s face darkened. Why would she believe what she said? She just said that they looked a little alike, but they were already demigods. Their hearing couldn’t be bad, right?

“It’s nothing. I was bored, so I came to take a look. Are you busy today? Call everyone over and treat you to a big meal. I’m going on a long trip tomorrow. I might not be back for a while.”

“Iron-eating Beast Corps and whatnot, give them half a day off too.”

“Wu wu wu.” Eleven expressed that this was fine. How could the Iron-eating Beast Corps take a break?

“Then let’s let them train more. Let’s eat while they train more,” Shi Yu said.

Senior Panda nodded and smiled. “Sure, then sit for a while. I’ll call Teacher, Father, and the others. By the way, some time ago, Teacher Owl from Imperial Capital University also joined here to be a military advisor. It’s also here.”

“Alright, call them all.” Shi Yu also smiled. It seemed like he had left out the owl last time.

It was mainly to gather the Emperor Shi Army.

As Lin Xiuzhu went out, he said to Eleven beside him, “Aren’t you going to cheer for the Iron-eating Beast Corps?”

“Wu wu wu.” Eleven shook its head. No, it was still thinking about how to spread the name of the Iron-eating Beast in the starry sky of the universe.

He would set an example for these little pandas, who had yet to leave the Blue Planet.

Among the cosmic races that resounded through the universe, there shouldn’t be an Iron-eating Beast Race, right? It wanted to be the first!

“What idea have you thought of?”

Eleven looked at Shi Yu with a burning gaze.

“Wuu! (Add points!)” Eleven raised its arms and cheered.

Shi Yu rolled his eyes and said, “I’ve used a lot of the power of Blue Planet’s world recently. I’ll add more when I get there.”

Shi Yu took a step forward and looked at the content that Senior Panda was currently researching. The tenth new inscription…

Good lord, he had dabbled deeply enough.

“Ling, look at this. Is it reliable? It should be of the same nature as the previous superalloy inscription,” Shi Yu said.

Ling appeared and glanced at it. “Well, similar, but Sister Panda should be researching high-level inscriptions, not super inscriptions. It’s relatively simple. I’ve taken a look and have already deduced the latter half. Do you want me to help write it?”