Chapter 1297 - 1297 Mad Journey (3)

1297 Mad Journey (3)

“Opportunity?”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Yes, an opportunity. If you obtain first place in the God Sealing Battle, you can obtain a challenge opportunity. The opponent is a real divine-level, and it’s not as simple as a new god.”

“Defeat it and you can obtain the ‘World King Planet Permanent Teleportation Array’. It ignores the user’s strength and number of non-consumable Permanent Teleportation Arrays.”

The Space Emperor smiled and said, “Although it’s just a Permanent Teleportation Array, its value is very high. It largely determines the development speed of a planet’s civilization.”

“If a planet and a faction really want to grow up, they still have to wander in the starry sky and open up their own territory. Only then can they unearth more resources and be permanently protected by the World King Planet. It’s impossible to transcend. And with this teleportation array, they can escape immediately in times of danger. When their territory obtains huge gains, they can trade with the factions on the World King Planet at any time.”

“Even if I don’t need this, countless planetary life forms and super divine factions are willing to pay a huge price to buy it. Its value is immeasurable. Even if I rent it out, the benefits it brings are incomparably huge.”

“If we can build this teleportation array on Blue Planet, after Blue Planet develops for a period of time, it can be said to have advanced to a high-level planet.”

The Dragon God was silent. So that was the case. No wonder it was so popular. This reward was indeed tempting. It was a reward that could continuously bring huge benefits!

“But it’s probably very difficult to take it…” Shi Yu said.

The first place wouldn’t be given the teleportation array, only an opportunity to grab it!

He felt like it was a trap.

“Well, it’s indeed very difficult to obtain good results in this competition, because it can participate again,” the Space Emperor said. “Even if you obtain first place, as long as you obtain that opportunity and fail the challenge, you can still participate in the God Sealing Battle again. Unless the challenge is successful, you will be banned from the competition. Therefore, it’s as difficult as ascending to the heavens to obtain first place. Countless ridiculous demigod-levels have already accumulated in the God Sealing Battle.”

“In the recent God Sealing Battle, one person has already been first place 79 times. However, he hasn’t successfully challenged it. I wonder how long he will last.”

“The current second place winner previously won the championship for 101 consecutive years and didn’t successfully challenge it. However, after being defeated by the current first place, she has always been in second place.”

“Pfft.” After the Space Emperor finished speaking, Shi Yu almost choked.

Damn, among so many contestants, he won 79 consecutive championships? 101 championships?

What level of monster was this?

The Dragon God beside him also fell into deep thought.

Shi Yu was speechless.

This competition was very sneaky. There were rewards for the second to ten thousandth place, but he obtained the first place. It was very likely that there were no rewards at all?

“This is actually quite normal. The highest record seems to be that there was a Beast Tamer who got first place for more than a thousand years but didn’t succeed in the challenge.” Lin Feng smiled.

“Is it worth it?” Shi Yu couldn’t help but say, “With this time, he might have broken through to the super divine level.”

“Haha, the super divine level is even harder than this,” Lin Feng said. “By the way, do you know the conditions to break through to a super divine level?”

Shi Yu shook his head.

He made a guess. “Could it be that the divine skill has to reach a certain level?”

Lin Feng shook his head and said, “No, at the divine level, when the divine skill is trained to perfection, it will be at a bottleneck and can’t increase anymore.”

“Unless I advance to the super divine level, it’s possible to continue increasing.”

“And there are only three ways to advance to the super divine level.”

“The first is that in the universe, a mysterious substance can be born every 100,000 years. It’s called the source of transcendence by all races. After absorbing it, you can advance to the super divine level. Although it’s also difficult to absorb, as long as it’s a top-notch god, it should be able to succeed. The difficulty is to obtain the source of transcendence.”

“Every time this thing is born, it will cause a storm of blood. The divine blood will dye the starry sky.”

“The second method is to hunt life forms that have already reached super divine levels. When super divine levels fall, there’s a chance of dropping the source of transcendence and being absorbed by the divine levels around them who kill them.”

“This method is also incomparably difficult, so in the universe, there are often rumors of battles below. For this, perhaps there’s no aggro. It’s just to take another step forward.”

“Back then, Senior Space Emperor and I went to the battlefield and assassinated a weak, super divine foreign race that had just ended the battle. Unfortunately, although we succeeded, it didn’t drop the source of transcendence.”

“The third method is that in the universe, apart from the source of transcendence that’s naturally born every 100,000 years, there’s another place where there might be a transcendent source. There might be a source of transcendence left in the ruins of the last era.”

“Many lucky people who accidentally entered the ruins of the era accidentally found the source of transcendence.”

“For example, the current five super divine levels of our Blue Planet’s five major divine races. Back then, they were the top five geniuses of the five major divine races who had all reached the top Divine Realm. Their relationship was very good. For the sake of opportunity, they explored the ruins of the era together.”

“The chances of failure in exploring the ruins of the era are greater than success. It’s very dangerous. However, they’re very lucky. Apart from that genius of the Kirin Race who was heavily injured, the others are harmless. Moreover, they successfully found five sources of transcendence and were able to break through.”

“Therefore, this period of time is the most prosperous period of the five divine races.”

“However, the super divines of the five divine races also know that they were lucky and knew what kind of trash they were. In order to not be hunted by other divine-level geniuses above their level and become nutrients, they went into seclusion for millions of years and didn’t come out. Until now, they’re still in seclusion most of the time.”