Chapter 1298 - 1298 Mad Journey (4)

1298 Mad Journey (4)

“The World King Planet wars with the other three cosmic factions all year round. As super divines of the World King Planet, they have never been to the battlefield, so they’re very disliked by the World King Planet. Therefore, although they’re super divines, compared to the other super divines killed, the territory resources aren’t very good.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“In fact, many factions are about to forget the Blue Planet Divine Race Alliance.”

“This is also the reason why the five god races joined forces with us to contact our mother planet this time, hoping to help our mother planet break through. If Blue Planet advances to a high-level planet, the resources on it are at least better than their current territory.”

“Oh right, other races need the source of transcendence to break through to the super divine level, but only planetary life forms don’t need it. They can directly absorb the origin of the universe and directly advance. They can be considered to have a unique talent, but the time needed will be a little long. Sometimes, without special opportunities, they can’t successfully break through even after cultivating for a cosmic era.”

After Lin Feng finished speaking, Shi Yu and the Dragon God fell silent again.

They didn’t expect it to be so difficult to advance to the super divine level.

Especially Shi Yu. His heart turned cold. He couldn’t just rely on adding points?

If he had the source of transcendence, it wasn’t difficult to advance to the super divine level. Any top-notch god should be able to advance.

But the problem was that this source of transcendence sounded too difficult to obtain.

“I see. However, are the leaders of the five god races so… stable?” Shi Yu couldn’t help but complain.

He thought that since the Blue Planet had five super divines, they should be doing pretty well here, right? In the end, from the sound of it, because they didn’t go to the battlefield, they were neglected by the World King Planet? Moreover, they didn’t dare to go out and establish their own sect, afraid of being hunted? This was too miserable.

It was probably very brave to go to the Blue Planet to establish themselves and return to their mother planet.

Lin Feng laughed and said, “Yes, they’re cowards. But if they weren’t so careful, it’s indeed not easy for them to live for so long. Although super divines are strong, the mortality rate in the dark forest of the universe isn’t low.”

“This is the closest the five god races of the Blue Planet are to rising. If we don’t seize the good opportunity and develop steadily, it’s as difficult as ascending to the heavens to produce five super divines together next time.”

“Actually, they’re not the only ones. There should be many super divine-level experts in seclusion and hiding. After all, no one wants to be treated as prey all day.”

“Senior Space Emperor and I… I reckon our path to super divine still has to be on the battlefield. We failed last time and missed the best opportunity. How unfortunate.” Lin Feng was helpless.

“Battlefield?” the Dragon God asked.

Lin Feng said, “Well, on the battlefield, in the starry sky of the universe, there are a total of five cosmic life forms, representing five cosmic factions. They are respectively the cosmic emperor, the World King. The members under them are mainly planetary life forms, and they nurture many races. The most representative are the myriad races in the starry sky. They mainly occupy the Cosmic Sea and are in the center of the universe.”

“The Cosmic Emperor Beast King is the king of the cosmic Behemoth Race. His territory is north of the Cosmic Sea. His race eats planets, so he’s a great enemy of the World King bloodline. Both parties fight all year round.”

“The Cosmic Emperor Dark King, much like the Abyss Evil God that once invaded the Blue Planet, as well as Yun An, who was defeated by Emperor Wu, are all life forms under the command of the Dark King. Their distinctive power lies in their strong contaminating nature, capable of transforming various forms of life, including planets, into their own kind. Their territory is in the western expanse of the Cosmic Sea, and they are in an irreconcilable conflict with the World King bloodline.”

“The Cosmic Emperor Insect Queen of the Insect Race is the king of the Space Insect Race. She controls countless insect armies under her command and completes the reproduction of her race by devouring life forms. Her territory is the south of the Cosmic Sea.”

“The last one, the one who occupies the north of the Cosmic Sea, is the faction of a cosmic overlord. It doesn’t have a similar race, or rather, its race is only it alone. However, it controls a huge universe overlord army and is invincible, recruiting countless experts. The other four universe emperors are unwilling to provoke them. Their main businesses are also the gentlest. They just excavate the ruins of the cosmic era and constantly colonize other planets, sell planetary resources, and earn money as cosmic mercenaries.”

“At the moment, the World King bloodline we’re in is fighting the factions of the Beast King, the Dark King, and the Insect Queen all year round. There are many battlefields, and there are also many void battlefields presided over by super divines.”

“Of course, the other three parties are also enemies with each other. Therefore, the current situation of the universe is very chaotic. However, in essence, it’s just a competition for resources. There are still several cosmic life forms who won’t personally take action.”

“Therefore, if you want to hunt super divine level life forms and go to the battlefield to find an opportunity to hunt the super divine level life forms of the three races, it’s the best choice. In the end, you can even obtain the reward of the World King. Although it’s not impossible to kill each other on the World King Planet, it’s best if you have a reason.”

Shi Yu and the Dragon God gradually understood that the current situation of the universe was very similar to the Blue Planet’s Mythical Era.

“Then, Senior Space Emperor, Senior Lin Feng, do you know the way to break through to the cosmic level?” Shi Yu asked.

This stumped Emperor Kong and Lin Feng.

After a moment of silence, they said, “No one knows. I’m afraid only the five cosmic-level experts know.”

The Space Emperor looked at Shi Yu and said, “Little Friend Shi Yu, I’ve long heard of your talent potential. Lin Feng and I think very highly of you. If you work hard for a few years, you might have a chance to charge into first place in the God Sealing Battle. After all, you’re still young.”

“Moreover, human Beast Tamers are the race with the greatest advantage in the God Sealing Battle. After all, they can fight with many creatures they contract.”