Chapter 1291 - 1291 Departure (3)

1291 Departure (3)

Shi Yu said, “No, Senior Lin is about to succeed. It must be a greater sense of accomplishment to develop it yourself.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Ling was surprised. “Alright~”

“But this is too simple. Give her a few difficult cultivation questions, such as superalloy inscriptions. Give her a start.”

Ling, Eleven: ???

Was he a demon? Why was he tormenting this little girl like this?

“Master, I suspect that you’re jealous of the other party’s feeding talent.”

“Nonsense, I’m first in the Feeding Conference!”

…

At noon that day, the Emperor Wu Ruins in Wu Ling City was also very lively. The beast-eared girl even smugly told Shi Yu that she had already developed a top-notch Fusion Talent and could already fuse two pets at the same time!

She even performed for Shi Yu a few times.

Between her and Lin Xiuzhu, one passed the top-notch Fusion Talent and the other passed the Demon God Iron-eating Beast. They even easily passed the legend assessment from Master Qu Jie.

Shi Yu and the others were also full this time. However, at a good banquet, there were also birds who didn’t do proper things. For example, the owl pulled Buggy over to instill wrong thoughts in him.

“On this trip to the starry sky, you’ll definitely encounter many beautiful starry sky butterflies. Seize the opportunity!”

“I’ll watch you on Blue Planet, watch, watch.”

“Ji!!” Buggy expressed its disdain. Tch, starry butterflies? Was it as beautiful as the butterfly it created?

“Huh?” The owl was shocked. What did Buggy mean?

Could it be that this guy wanted to optimize itself into a race that reproduced asexually??

It wasn’t like there weren’t such cases. Although the talent potential of the descendants born of two powerful creatures might be higher, it was difficult. But if it was reproduction itself and passed down, the difficulty could decrease greatly…

“Yi! (Don’t worry about Buggy’s marriage. Now, it only has eyes for roaming the starry sky!)” Baby Ginseng crawled to their side and pointed. It told the owl that if it had the time to bewitch it, it might as well predict Shi Yu and the others’ legendary experience in the starry sky in the next two days!

Perhaps it could freeload on demigods!

The owl felt that what he said made sense. After eating, it immediately ran to enter seclusion.

After lunch, Shi Yu and the others walked around and arrived at Dragon Palace City. As the current Dragon God, Buggy still had to make more preparations before leaving.

In Dragon Palace City, Shi Yu also left behind a ruin.

However, it wasn’t a self-built ruin this time.

Instead, they left the Blue Sea Ruins behind and left Blue Planet. It was useless to want this. The inheritance power inside had already disappeared, and nothing existed anymore. Only the teleportation function remained.

Susu left behind a few memory crystals and created a new Blue Sea inheritance. From today on, it was going to the Cosmic Sea to pursue the Star Sea Sprite. It hoped that one day, a new Blue Sea Sprite could be born on the Blue Planet.

These were all gifts it had left for the other party. Sooner or later, the fated person would inherit this power.

“Big Brother, Big Brother, you guys go first. I’ll follow later!”

After bidding farewell to the Ice Dragon King, the Sea Dragon King, and the others, Shi Yu was pestered by the little white dragon.

When the Sea Dragon King communicated with Zi Lan, the Phoenix Man, and the others, it expressed that it had given up on returning to Lin Feng’s side. It only hoped that Lin Feng could bring the little white dragon over to nurture it if he had the chance. It was fine to find a cosmic genius to contract and then leave.

It was time for this guy to wander.

Unfortunately, apart from Shi Yu, the little white dragon didn’t fancy anyone else.

It expressed that it wanted to wait for a demigod and go to the World King Planet itself. It didn’t need other Beast Tamers.

“You’re a little far from a demigod, right?” Shi Yu couldn’t help but say.

The little white dragon said, “That’s right, so I hope that when I’m a demigod, Big Brother, you’ve already become a universe overlord over there!”

“No, I can’t talk nonsense with you anymore.” Shi Yu had other things to do. He didn’t want to daydream with this guy.

“Huh?” The little white dragon watched Shi Yu leave with tears in its eyes. Big Brother, a universe overlord was the highest level it could think of. Wasn’t it enough??

…

After bidding farewell to the Ice Dragon King, the Sea Dragon King, and the others, Shi Yu entered Little Zi’s body.

Turtle Island.

A blue Longevity Turtle had been cultivating bitterly for several months. During this period, it experienced various difficult natural environments and fought many ferocious beast phantoms. It was experienced.

A few days ago, its resistance level had already reached intermediate.

As the food provided by Shi Yu wasn’t bad, its growth level wasn’t suppressed. It reached the monarch level.

Monarchs couldn’t be brought directly to the World King Planet, so Shi Yu had come this time to plan to contract them.

In a few months, the resistance had gone from low to medium. At least, be it this turtle, that snake, or the cat, they had persevered. Shi Yu was quite satisfied.

“Hu!!!” The muscular, little Longevity Turtle sat on the rock. After training, it gulped down the Spirit Soda. There was a huge cross scar on its chest, a wound left behind from battle. Originally, it could have used the Water of Life to heal it at that time, but in order to prove that it was a man, it decisively stayed behind and planned to meet the Little Quas Snake in the future.

It, the Longevity Turtle, had been working hard!

“Have you completed the training mission?” Shi Yu’s sudden appearance shocked the Longevity Turtle. It immediately jumped down from the rock and pointed at the calm sea.

Tsunami Suppression Quests Completed!

“Hu hu hu!!!” The Longevity Turtle looked smug. Easy!

Shi Yu smiled and shook his head. Although the current Longevity Turtle and the others had been trained for a few months, they still mainly relied on resistance. Their battle power wasn’t high. This guy was so smug now, but it would get beaten up later.