Chapter 1300 - 1300 Mad Journey (6)

1300 Mad Journey (6)

Although the success rate was extremely low and almost made him die, it was completely worth it to exchange for the friendship of a large race with a super divine level life form.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Apart from that, there might be resources…

The other party couldn’t really freeload, right?

At this moment, looking at the serious Shi Yu, the Space Emperor, and Lin Feng were completely impressed by Shi Yu. Although Shi Yu was only at the legendary level, everything he did was extremely heaven-defying.

Lin Feng pondered and said, “I have a good relationship with the Kirin Race. Apart from the Wind of Blessing development method, I’ll help them deduce the Wind Kirin evolution path. Perhaps there’s a chance of reviving the Wind Kirin Race. They owe us a huge favor. Shi Yu, don’t worry. When the time comes, the benefits will definitely not be lacking for you.”

Shi Yu said, “Thank you, Senior Lin Feng. I’ll give you the development method of the Wind of Blessing first?”

Shi Yu placed a reusable memory crystal that recorded the development method of the Wind of Blessing on the table. To be honest, the development method for it was very difficult. If he wanted to develop it from scratch, he would have to go through a headache. Fortunately, Ling directly knew the Wind of Blessing and didn’t have to go through so much trouble to learn it.

However, the cosmic storm that had yet to be deduced made Shi Yu worried that it would be equally troublesome…

“Alright.” Seeing that Shi Yu had even prepared the memory crystal, Lin Feng knew that it wasn’t a coincidence that Shi Yu could reach this day.

Then, the Space Emperor and Lin Feng chatted with Shi Yu and the Dragon God for a long time.

He had also prepared accommodations and data chips for them.

Apart from that, Shi Yu and the Dragon God also obtained 100 elemental divine-level energy crystals each.

Including what the World Tree had given him, Shi Yu had 200 elemental energy crystals in his hand at once. He felt that it was enough to enter seclusion to cultivate for a long time.

It wasn’t until the sky darkened that Shi Yu and the others were sent to their respective residences by the Space Emperor to start a new life on World King Planet.

Shi Yu was arranged to be in a mountain villa with an inner grotto heaven. It was located in a quiet place, far from the center of the city. The surrounding natural resources were richer, and no one disturbed him.

“This is our new home from now on.” After Shi Yu entered the big villa, he directly released Eleven and the others.

Until now, he had yet to calm down. He felt that it was very novel.

“Wu!!!”

“Roar~!!”

“Yi!!!”

After Eleven and the others arrived at their new home, they were also very excited. When they were in the Beast Taming Space, they sensed the beauty of the World King Planet. Now that they had come out, they felt equally good.

The gravity of World King Planet was much stronger, but Eleven and the others didn’t mind at all.

During resistance training, gravity training was only a basic skill.

Even Little Ji and Duckie were released by Shi Yu. They felt the fertility of the World King Star without any worries.

Only Turtle, Little Quas, and Shorty silently started gravity training in the Beast Taming Space. With their current foundation, they were still a little pressured to withstand the gravity pressure of the World King Planet.

Oh right, there was also Qi. She expressed that she still had to observe in the Beast Taming Space for a period of time. She felt that there were always bad people who wanted to harm her.

“How comfortable! You guys clean up and organize it first. I’ll rest for a while!” After Shi Yu lay on the sofa, he handed the data chip Lin Feng gave him to Ling and said, “Ling, load it. Help me find information about the God Sealing Battle first.”

“Our first big goal next is to obtain a Permanent Teleportation Array.”

“Let’s see when the next God Sealing Battle is first. I forgot to ask just now.”

“Alright.” Ling took the data chip and directly started to activate it.

After a while, it said, “It seems to be eleven months later, Master.”

“Do you have the information on the contestant who placed first multiple times that Senior Space Emperor and the others mentioned?” Shi Yu asked right on the heels of the heels.

He wanted to see how strong the number one demigod/legendary being on World King Planet was.

After a while, Ling pondered and said, “Master, the first place in the last God Sealing Battle is called Zavay. He’s not a human, but a member of the Cosmic Crow Race. He’s a rare cosmic life form that didn’t contract with a human and relied on itself to reach first place. As for the other 2 to 10, they’re basically in the form of a contracted partner.”

“Cosmic Crow Race…” Shi Yu said, “What’s that?”

Ling said, “Among the races in the starry sky, it’s ranked 30th. It was born with six elements and is very powerful.”

“The six elements are respectively metal, wood, water, fire, earth, and time.”

“This Cosmic Crow, Zavay, has mastered 15 quasi-divine skills that have been cultivated to the extreme. Among them, there are two quasi-divine skills of the five elements, metal, wood, water, fire, and earth. There are a total of 10 of them. It can circulate five elements and form two sets of divine profundities. It’s the attack and defense profundities that can break through the true divine level and the true divine skill of defense.”

“The other six skills are all time-element. They are Time Stop, Time Acceleration, Time Deceleration, Time Backtrack, and Time Mark…”

Ling looked up in confusion. Beside it, Eleven, Buggy, and the others, who were listening to Ling’s report, were also stunned on the spot.

Especially Baby Ginseng.

“Yi!!” Baby Ginseng widened its eyes. What a joke. This was a demigod? Why did this guy also have Time Mark? It wasn’t convinced!!

“Roar?” “Quack?” Little Ji and the others couldn’t help but look up. What the hell? Was this a monster?

They thought that Eleven, Buggy, and the others in the team were already powerful enough.

In the end…

Shi Yu also fell into deep thought. It was stronger than he imagined.

From the looks of it, Phoenix Man and the others were simply noobs.

Damn, to think he was still so happy after defeating the Phoenix Man.

“No wonder the Space Emperor and the others said that it’s not easy to get first place in the God Sealing Battle.” The corners of Shi Yu’s mouth twitched. F*ck, there were still five time-element quasi-divine skills that had been cultivated to the extreme…