Chapter 1902 - Chapter 1902: Declaring War On The Cosmic Emperor (4)

Chapter 1902: Declaring War on the Cosmic Emperor (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

“It’s him.” After discovering Shi Yu’s figure, there were actually many familiar faces on the Environmental Protection Army’s side.

For example, the president of the Blue Wave Environmental Protection Association, Xing Nan, Master Adolf, who had once tested Duckie, his disciple Xia Zhichun, and even the genius of the Environmental Protection Association, Feng Jing, who had once fought Duckie in the God Sealing Battle. These people had no choice but to go to the battlefield now that the battle was imminent.

There was also Yue Ling, who had once been saved by Shi Yu from the Contaminated Land and joined the Environmental Protection Army. When these people realized that it was Shi Yu who attacked, they were shocked and their pupils lit up.

However, what did Shi Yu just say?

What did he want to do to his territory?

Wasn’t it the Cosmic Sea barrier that the Disaster Race’s Origin God wanted to attack just now?

Everyone had strange expressions. They felt that Shi Yu was saying that the Cosmic Sea was his territory.

“I accidentally said my heartfelt words. I can’t let the World King hear me,” Shi Yu suddenly reacted.

“You’ve reached the cosmic level.”

The words were shocking. First, it came from Shi Yu’s mouth, then from the Dark King’s mouth, a sentence that shook the starry sky.

This was the first time the Dark King had spoken. What it said directly caused a huge earthquake in the starry sky, directly making billions of gazes stop on Shi Yu and be stunned.

The many pollution super divines who were already extremely afraid of Shi Yu were even more shocked.

Cosmic level?

What did the Dark King say?

Shi Yu had stepped into the cosmic level?

The seventh cosmic emperor, Shi Yu? Didn’t he just become a super divine a few years ago?

Everyone naturally believed the Dark King’s words, but it was precisely because of this that countless people were extremely shocked. After all, since the establishment of the universe, no human had reached the cosmic level.

And now, Shi Yu had actually achieved it. How could they not be shocked?

The other races were alright, but the humans located in the two battlefields were all shocked. Their gazes were stunned. So humans could really reach the cosmic level?

Although they had previously said that Shi Yu was the seventh cosmic emperor, it wasn’t true after all. Now, Shi Yu seemed to have completely confirmed this title and really reached the cosmic level.

“As expected!”

As they obtained the certification from the Dark King, Bing Ling and the others gasped and their brains rumbled.

No wonder Shi Yu was so confident, but this growth speed was too creepy. He directly leaped from that newbie to break through to a cosmic emperor??

“I originally wanted to find you, but I didn’t expect you to walk into a trap.” At this moment, Shi Yu reaching the cosmic level was indeed beyond the Dark King’s expectations. However, at this point, the Dark King didn’t want to regret anything.

Things had already developed to this point. The Dark King wanted to fight first.

A new cosmic level also wanted to defy the heavens?

As a cosmic emperor who had stayed at the cosmic level for billions of years, although the Dark King was extremely shocked that Shi Yu had stepped into the cosmic level, it was impossible to be afraid of a cosmic newbie.

Of course, Shi Yu wasn’t afraid of it either. “You’re very arrogant, but unfortunately, there aren’t many days left for you to be arrogant.”

“After this battle, the Contaminated Land changes hands and changes its name to the Milky Way. I’m the overlord of the Milky Way, the seventh supreme cosmic emperor in the universe!” Shi Yu said, his declaration shocking the stars.

“You have a death wish!” When had the Dark King ever suffered such a provocation? However, it seemed that every word Shi Yu said could provoke its nerves. Who was the arrogant one?

“If you want me to attack, you have to defeat my pet first.”

“Let me see if the legendary cosmic emperor has an undeserved reputation.” Shi Yu crossed his arms. Susu naturally chose to fight. Its gaze revealed a determined expression as it looked at the source of the pollution in this universe.

“Ning.” However, after staring at the Dark King, Susu said something that surprised Shi Yu.

It was actually the cleansing star spirit. At this moment, Susu saw through the Dark King’s race.