Chapter 1905 - Chapter 1905: Balance (3)

Chapter 1905: Balance (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

“You’re playing with fire.” The Dark King’s low roar came from the cosmic void. “All power has a price for it to deal with. Don’t tell me you think you can borrow the power of the universe so casually?”

“We took someone’s money and helped them eliminate disasters,” Shi Yu said. “We’re only trading fairly with the cosmic will. If it flips the table, I’ll even destroy the universe! You should think about how to resist this power first.”

After Shi Yu finished speaking, the Dark King was clearly stunned. Then, it laughed out loud in the dark domain. At this moment, the cleansing light on Susu’s body continued to spread, wanting to expel the dark domain.

However, the use of the dark domain seemed to have been completed. The shadow outlined in the starry sky, and just this shadow had a full cosmic power fluctuation, emitting extremely terrifying evil thoughts.

“This is…” Seeing this move, many the Pollution Army and Cleansing Army weren’t unfamiliar. The Pollution Race involved various stats, and there were naturally spirit and soul stats. In the Dark King’s domain, it seemed that it could directly strip out the “dark side” of a life form and turn it into its dependent.

As long as it was a creature, its heart couldn’t be pure and flawless. It would more or less produce a dark side due to various experiences. However, restricted by law and ethics, many people could suppress their dark side. As for the Dark King’s move, it directly pulled out the dark side of life and magnified it infinitely. Even at the cosmic level, Shi Yu couldn’t resist it immediately.

In an instant, Shi Yu and Susu felt that a dark monster with cosmic battle power was forming. At this moment, Susu looked at Shi Yu in dissatisfaction, as if it wanted to ask why the dark side in Shi Yu’s heart was so huge. His battle power seemed to be very strong.

“Little trick.”

Shi Yu curled his lips. He looked at the dark giant that was gradually forming in the starry sky and saw that in the next moment, the dark giant punched Shi Yu out of thin air.

Space and time shattered, and the laws were chaotic. The battle power of the black giant was incomparably powerful. Just a punch made the starry sky tremble, and the Cleansing Race’s hair stood on end. They felt that the Dark King’s use of this ability was much stronger than its creation races. Even the cosmic level wasn’t spared and was stripped out of the dark side.

This dark giant filled with evil thoughts had a body similar to Shi Yu’s. The aura it emitted made even peak super divines extremely afraid. They felt that if it was released, it would definitely be a terrifying monster that could wreak havoc in the universe.

However, in the face of the powerful dark side attack, Shi Yu still crossed his arms and didn’t mind. Susu beside him didn’t seem to mind either. When this punch approached Shi Yu, the dark giant stopped with a bang. Its fist stopped in midair. Between the fist and the figure, it was as if a universe had been punched out, and space and time kept collapsing.

“Come back here.” Shi Yu took a deep breath and successfully used his body control to control his dark side, snatching the body control of the dark side from the Dark King. In the next moment, under everyone’s stunned expressions, Shi Yu opened his mouth and distorted the dark side into black mist under the miserable cry. He swallowed it into his body like he was smoking.

At this moment, be it the Pollution Army or the Cleansing Army, they were all in disbelief. President Bing Ling originally thought that Shi Yu would let the cleansing star spirit cleanse its dark side, but who knew that Shi Yu would actually swallow it back into his body with an unbelievable method? He didn’t reject it at all, as if he didn’t care that he had such a terrifying dark side.

However, at that moment, everyone was more concerned about where the Dark King had gone. After its body was dispersed by Susu’s cleansing light, it directly disappeared.

Only Shi Yu instantly sensed that the other party had directly entered his body along the dark side and into his Beast Taming Space, as if he wanted to pollute Shi Yu from the inside.

The reason why Shi Yu didn’t send his other pets out was to guard against this situation. In the Beast Taming Space, just as the Dark King appeared and saw a mecha that was like a demon god that perfectly fused with the cosmic Beast Taming Space, as well as a psychic brand left behind by the cosmic super divine Empress, the Dark King’s expression immediately changed, and it wanted to retreat.

“Damn it!!! He actually!!” The Dark King didn’t expect Shi Yu to actually sign a contract with the Super Empress.

After all, in a one-on-one battle, it might not necessarily be a match for the Super Empress. Now, it was actually told that cosmic-level Beast Tamer Shi Yu had signed a contract with the Super Empress?

In addition, this cleansing star spirit that borrowed the power of the universe was extremely troublesome. The Dark King instantly cursed and felt the pressure.

“Since you’re here, why are you leaving?” The Dark King had walked into a trap. Shi Yu didn’t stand on ceremony. He directly bound the Dark King through the Beast Taming Space. The powerful spatial power directly locked onto the Dark King, as if it had created a barrier for it. It wasn’t that easy for its consciousness to escape.

“You think you can trap me with this?” The Dark King said, “Interesting. No wonder that guy protected you so much and even did this now. What’s your relationship?”

At this moment, Susu appeared in the Beast Taming Space again.

“At this point, you’re still confident?” Shi Yu didn’t know how the Dark King would win. Just Susu, who had obtained the enhancement of his and the cosmic will, felt that it could farm the Dark King alone. Moreover, it had a bunch of pets as a backup plan.

“I…” The Dark King was just about to say something, but suddenly, its heart trembled.

Shi Yu suddenly had a strange expression. This was because the World King and the Super Empress had just fought the Beastmaster for a few minutes when the Beastmaster seemed to have directly voted. It turned and ran. This speed was something Shi Yu completely didn’t expect.