Chapter 1904 - Chapter 1904: Balance (2)

Chapter 1904: Balance (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

“Next, let’s see how his battle power is after breaking through.”

In the Behemoth Empire, the cosmic emperor Beastmaster that threatened the Cosmic Sea also suddenly woke up from another direction. Sensing that the Dark King was in a battle with an unknown cosmic-level existence, the Beast King was just about to go and support, but a familiar pressure descended on the Behemoth Empire.

“World King… and…”

As Shi Yu moved, for a moment, many cosmic levels collided. The turbulence of the universe made many stars and experts tremble. At this moment, probably only mortals who were so weak that they couldn’t sense anything could continue doing their things in peace and leisure.

“Roar!!!” At the border of the Contaminated Land, the Dark King’s sharp claws collided with Susu’s body that was filled with light seas. The aftermath was still trembling. The cleansing light killed countless Pollution Races, and the pollution wave corrupted the lives of countless non-Pollution Races. Under the collision of the cosmic level, even super divines were unable to resist their fate.

In the collision, the Dark King was shocked. It had underestimated Shi Yu and the others’ strength. It actually felt that the power of this cleansing star spirit wasn’t inferior to it at all.

If it could mobilize the pollution power of the entire Contaminated Land, then the cleansing star spirit in front of it was enough to mobilize the power of the Sea of Stars in the entire Cosmic Sea and turn it into an origin wave.

“If this is all you have, we’ll kill you in the next round.”

“I heard that when I once transcended the Divine Realm, you wanted to attack me, right? Are you already planning to bear the consequences now?” As Shi Yu finished speaking, the Dark King revealed a violent expression. This arrogant brat…

“Who do you think you’re facing!!!” Under the Dark King’s roar, it also sensed the battle fluctuations on the Behemoth Empire’s side and knew that the Beastmaster had already been restrained.

It understood that it had to quickly deal with Shi Yu on its side. Be it sealing, pollution, suppression, or repelling, in short, it had to support the Beastmaster as soon as possible. Otherwise, the situation would be disadvantageous to them.

The pressure the Beastmaster was under at this moment was definitely greater than it. At this moment, facing a cosmic-level newbie, even if it couldn’t kill the other party, the Dark King wouldn’t allow it. It didn’t even have the strength to quickly repel the other party.

The Dark King unsealed its battle power further. A purple dark light appeared on its huge dragon body. At this moment, the universe was wailing. In the Cosmic Sea, the countless stars maintaining the barrier suddenly felt the weakening of the power of the universe, and their state gradually weakened.

Drop after drop of the cosmic tear phenomenon landed in the starry sky, and countless pollution traces corroded the origin of the universe. It was the Dark King who activated the ability of the cosmic virus passed down from the previous era. Not only did the Dark King use it, but it also further activated its invasion of the universe.

The barrier shattered further, and the morale of the Dark King Army rose.

“Dark King is invincible!!!”

“Capture the Cosmic Sea!”

Countless Pollution Races didn’t care about their lives and sacrificed their lives crazily, hitting the barrier. The rain of pollution and the tears of blood in the universe intertwined, dyeing the starry sky in a color that had never been seen before.

“Roar!!!” The Dark King’s terrifying pressure enveloped over. The purple virus curse mark on its body seemed to have activated its power to an even more terrifying level. The Dark King slowly flew up and left the throne. The throne turned into an undercurrent, condensing into dark armor that armed the Dark King’s entire body.

It directly turned into a beam of light in the void and tore towards Shi Yu and the others.

“I said I’ll destroy you, so I’ll keep my promise,” Shi Yu said confidently. Making an enemy of the cosmic will was like having a death wish.

Although Shi Yu also had ill intentions towards the universe, he was a person who judged the situation and had a flexible position. He knew to borrow strength. Under normal circumstances, even if Susu reached the cosmice level, it could only mobilize one-fifth of the power of the cosmic Sea of Stars to strengthen the origin fluctuations.

However, it had to be said that in some extreme situations, Susu could borrow more cosmic power. For example, as the Dark King activated the cosmic virus and made the universe cry, Susu’s Star Sea Contract and the cosmic contract it had learned from Master Floating Light directly broke through the original contract restrictions.

The universe might not reject the Pollution Race, but it definitely rejected the cosmic virus that affected it.

Buzz!!

In an instant, countless cosmic viruses invaded Susu’s body. Although part of its state was affected, it, who had replaced it and endured the cosmic virus for the universe, obtained a greater authority in the power of the universe. It could mobilize almost half of the power of the universe to strengthen its cleansing power.

This strengthening with the help of external forces instantly made Susu’s cleansing power close to the level of a cosmic overlord, making the expression of the attacking Dark King change. He didn’t expect Shi Yu and the others to still have a trump card.

Boom!!

In a flash, the Dark King’s body was directly penetrated by countless cleansing lights, and several holes appeared in its palm. Although it had been strengthened, Susu’s temporary strengthening was even stronger.

The Dark King was shocked and furious, but he understood that he had indeed underestimated his opponent. At the same time, the Pollution Army that was still borrowing the power of the Dark King to increase their morale instantly stopped on the spot in shock and looked at the Dark King, whose body had been shattered, in disbelief.

“I’ve said it before. You can’t defeat my pet.”

As Shi Yu finished speaking, the Dark King Army was extremely shocked. The cleansing army was also stunned. They didn’t expect the Dark King, who had just erupted, to instantly explode. They didn’t know what was going on.

Only Susu was extremely excited. It even wanted to acknowledge the cosmic will as its mother. This strength was strong. Although it might only be used against the Dark King this time, it was too strong. If it could continue like this, there was no need to worry about not being first in the team.