Chapter 1901 - Chapter 1901: Declaring War On The Cosmic Emperor (3)

Chapter 1901: Declaring War on the Cosmic Emperor (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

“Monster¦” A super divine of the cosmic overlord army that was originally stationed in the pollution land saw the appearance of the Pollution Race’s Origin God and knew that this guy had been enhanced by the power of the Dark King. He had probably been bestowed a powerful pollution source by the Dark King.

The current Origin God of the Pollution Race was like a pet strengthened by a Beast Tamer. Its strength had increased greatly. It seemed to want to replace the Dark King to break the gradually weakening barrier.

On the other side of the barrier, all the Environmental Protection Army soldiers stationed there felt uneasy. They didn’t even dare to breathe loudly. Sensing the commotion on the other side, although they immediately made preparations for battle, the oppressive aura made it difficult for the Environmental Protection Army without an expert to take out their warpath.

“No, I can’t cleanse it!!!”

The pollution that gradually seeped into the barrier had already made some sweating purifiers reveal helpless expressions. The level of the pollution source was too high, and with their abilities, it was impossible to cleanse it!

“Roar!!!”

In this situation, the ancestor of the Pollution Racewas still in the starry sky of the polluted land, turning into a dark light like a dark star. It wanted to penetrate the barrier and directly make the Environmental Protection Army stationed there feel like they had fallen into an ice cave. Their hearts seemed to have stopped.

It was over.

Many people felt despair, but they also had hope. They only hoped that the higher-ups of the Environmental Protection Army could appear at this moment to resist the enemy’s attack.

“President Bing Ling!!!” At this moment, in the Environmental Protection Army, only President Bing Ling had the ability to deal with a peak super divine. She was the vice president of the Environmental Protection Army. One was a human, and the other was the cleansing star spirit. However, the two parties were like one. One alone couldn’t have the battle power of a peak super divine, but with the combination of the two, it wasn’t a problem to use the advantage of stats to fight a polluted race at the peak of the super divine level.

However, even if it was President Bing Ling, many people weren’t very confident that she could withstand the pollution army presided over by the Dark King.

“This time, no one can stop it.” The pollution army that had been attacking the barrier for a long time had greater confidence this time. The terrifying might of the Disaster God had long torn apart space and time, making the barrier tremble violently. In the next moment, tearing the barrier was already an indisputable fact.

Who could resist?

Not even Bing Ling.

As the Origin God of the Pollution Race got closer and closer to the barrier, suddenly, space and time trembled. A larger hole cracked, and strong cleansing fluctuations shot out of the spatial crack, illuminating the Sea of Stars.

“Someone can’t sit still anymore.” Seeing this scene, countless pollution super divines smiled. This was the first time the Environmental Protection Army had taken the initiative to cross the barrier to resist the attack under pressure, right?

However, in the next moment, the polluted races couldn’t smile anymore. The cleansing light became more and more dazzling. The incomparably dazzling starlight suddenly pressed countless Pollution Race citizens down on their knees. It was as if a star was shining on their bodies, burning them until smoke came out.

“Roar!!~” What was even more unexpected was that even the Pollution Race’s Origin God suddenly changed shape under this cleansing light. Its body distorted and it let out a miserable cry.

It was filled with fear and disbelief. There was actually a creature that could make it suffer so much under the enhancement of His Majesty, the Dark King.

“What happened!!” Such a change was really unexpected. As the light became stronger and stronger, both parties on the battlefield suddenly realized that the Origin God of the Pollution Race seemed to have reached a limit. The entire trace of life was about to be cleansed.

This cleansing light was too terrifying, as if it came from the beginning of the universe, a divine light that expelled all darkness. Seeing that the Origin God of the Pollution Race was about to be cleansed into nothingness, on the throne, the Dark King finally couldn’t help but choose to attack.

Space and time reversed, as if an invisible huge hand wanted to cross space and time and capture the Origin God of the Pollution Race.

The cleansing light didn’t make things difficult for the Pollution Race’s Origin God or the Dark King. After being saved by the Dark King, the Origin God returned to the back, but it was already half dead. It had lingering fears and was shocked.

“Pointless resistance.” At this moment, the Dark King looked at the Origin God coldly. It didn’t understand who it was that could actually easily crush the ancestor of the Pollution Race, despite being enhanced with its power.

That power wave just now… If the Dark King wasn’t wrong…

[Cleansing Origin]!

The origin could evolve laws. It was the upper system of the power of the natural order. It was an ability that could only be comprehended by cultivating many skills to the extreme and fusing them.

When did the Cosmic Sea give birth to a creature that had mastered the cleansing origin?

Moreover, behind this creature was definitely a cosmic-level existence. Otherwise, it had already succeeded in spying on the other party’s traces just now.

World King and Super Empress?

Before the Dark King could make a judgment, a figure slowly walked out of the spatial crack. When it saw this figure, even the Dark King revealed an incredulous expression.

The rich origin of the universe lingered beside Shi Yu like a chaotic aura. He was wearing an ordinary panda casual suit. With one hand in his pocket, he stepped in the starry sky. A Starry Sky Slime that emitted a halo floated beside his shoulder. Both parties seemed to be the “culprit” who had resisted the Pollution Race’s Origin God just now.

“Trash, what do you want to do to my territory?” Shi Yu said after appearing.

“Shi Yu?!!!”

Be it the Contaminated Land or the basic level of the Environmental Protection Army, they didn’t expect that the one who appeared to resist the attack of the Pollution Race’s Origin God was actually Shi Yu.

Upon seeing Shi Yu, the Dark King was furious. Then, it was shocked and in disbelief. This was because it felt that the current Shi Yu had probably stepped into the cosmic level, but how was this possible?

How could he break through to the cosmic level in such a short period of time?

It was shocked and angry in its heart and couldn’t understand. It suddenly understood what the uneasiness in its heart was. How could there be a human as monstrous as this?