Chapter 1906 - Chapter 1906: Balance (4)

Chapter 1906: Balance (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

Holy sh*t.

What was wrong with this Beastmaster?

At this moment, the Dark King’s expression was also unfriendly. He didn’t expect that monkey to be so unreliable. Wasn’t this a scam?

“How about letting it go?” the Dark King said. Clearly, he didn’t want to fight anymore.

“Tell me first why you’re a cleansing star spirit,” Shi Yu said.

The Dark King sneered and said, “What’s so strange about that? The universe is in ‘balance’. Not any race pursues a ‘pure’ living environment.”

“When the universe is white without any filth, it will also fall into a sick state. Isn’t ‘pollution’ also a kind of cleansing? For some races, isn’t a ‘pure’ environment also a kind of ‘pollution’?”

Shi Yu was slightly stunned. It was like saying that when water was clear, there were no fish. He didn’t expect to obtain such an explanation from the Dark King.

Susu was also clearly stunned, but then its expression turned serious. The Dark King was just making excuses. The Dark King’s expansion of territory and continuous invasion had clearly exceeded this limit.

“Any race has its own meaning. For example, I’ve already conceptualized the origin and integrated it into this universe. If I don’t exist, the pollution concept of this universe will completely disappear. The subsequent illness of the universe won’t be any lighter than what ‘it’ brings.”

On the Dark King, a cosmic virus appeared. Shi Yu looked at it indifferently and said, “Why do I feel that you think that the situation is over and want to find an excuse to end the war?”

“Susu, crush it.” When Shi Yu finished speaking, the Dark King’s expression was furious. It didn’t expect Shi Yu to be so ungrateful. At this moment, just as the Dark King was about to resist, a terrifying spiritual power appeared from the spiritual mark in the Beast Taming Space.

The Super Empress had returned!!

Being controlled by powerful psychic control and bound by the spatial power of the Beast Taming Space, the Dark King’s consciousness couldn’t move directly and it let out a roar that shook the universe.

“Empress!” Shi Yu was extremely surprised to discover that the Empress had returned unscathed. However, he wanted to personally kill the Dark King with Susu and the others.

“I understand. You have to be careful. It’s about to self-destruct.” As the Empress finished speaking, Shi Yu was shocked. He saw that the Dark King’s consciousness, which was bound by the Beast Taming Space and the Empress’ psychic power, had a strong pollution source condensing inside. It was still as difficult as ascending to the heavens to control a cosmic-level being. It actually chose to self-destruct directly.

If the Dark King’s consciousness successfully self-destructed in the Beast Taming Space, if nothing went wrong, something would definitely happen to Shi Yu.

“Wuu!!!” Fortunately, at this moment, Susu was very capable. It directly enlarged into a slime and devoured the Dark King in one bite. The self-destruction of the Dark King was mainly the eruption of the pollution power. With Susu’s current strength, it could completely suppress the Dark King.

At this moment, the Empress reminded again, “As long as there’s pollution in the world, no matter what form it takes, the Dark King won’t die. This self-destruction is only a method to escape the restraints of the Beast Taming Space. Unless you let no civilization have pollution behavior in the next billions of years, the Dark King will be eternal…”

“I know. I’ve already sensed that it’s reviving.” Shi Yu’s gaze crossed space and time and looked at the Contaminated Land. In the outside world, Shi Yu moved, and Susu beside him also moved.

The Dark King was indeed not easy to kill. What the Dark King said should be right. There was a balance in everything. Although most races pursued purity, there was a reason for pollution. If the Dark King was completely killed, it might break this balance.

However, this didn’t mean that Shi Yu had no choice. At most, he would create another Dark King before completely killing it! It wasn’t that there couldn’t be filth in the world. As long as this filth was in his hands, there was no problem.

“Duckie, do you want to replace the ‘Dark King’ and become the source of the pollution, the new master of pollution?” Shi Yu asked Duckie in the Beast Taming Space.