Chapter 1907 - Chapter 1907: Change Of Master In The Contaminated Land (1)

Chapter 1907: Change of Master in the Contaminated Land (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

“Duckie, do you want to replace the Dark King and become the new master of pollution?”

Shi Yu’s words were decisive. He had expected various situations before deciding to fight the Dark King.

At this moment, Shi Yu felt that be it the World King, the Beastmaster, the Worm Queen, or the cosmic overlord, they were all watching this battle.

Whether he, a cosmic-level newbie, could sit steadily on the cosmic-level throne depended on this battle.

This battle also concerned whether he could let the few cosmic levels acknowledge his qualifications to be the holder of the universe.

Just like how the cosmic overlords weren’t willing to have a holder born in the universe who was above them, the other cosmic-level beings definitely weren’t willing.

As for how to make them willing, it was naturally to showcase the ability to change laws.

As for what law it was, it was the law of “cosmic levels can’t be killed”.

Even if it was a cosmic overlord, although it had the ability to defeat other cosmic emperors, it didn’t have the ability to kill cosmic overlords.

Therefore, what Shi Yu wanted to do was make the cosmic-level being afraid! Afraid of death!

“Quack?” Upon hearing Shi Yu’s question, Duckie was stunned before its eyes burned.

It wasn’t very interested in becoming the master of pollution, but if it wanted to become stronger, this was a good path.

“Quack!”

Shi Yu and Susu nodded. At the same time, this cosmic battle officially began.

Although the two parties had exchanged a few rounds just now, in a sense, neither party had touched the other’s foundation.

In the Contaminated Land, in a reverse dark matter world that was completely different from the real universe, endless pollution power flowed in. The Dark King’s body was born again.

During this process, the pollution power of a star domain in the Contaminated Land slowly dissipated, becoming the source of the Dark King’s revival.

The reborn Dark King roared and broke through the reversal world. The pollution power of more than ten star domains in the Contaminated Land instantly erupted like a volcano.

“That’s…”

Not all members of the Dark King Army had come to the Cosmic Sea. After all, the huge Contaminated Land still needed to be managed and provided support to the army in front.

A super divine Yun Race was originally presiding behind the Contaminated Land. When it saw the phantom of the legendary Dark King appear in this star domain under its jurisdiction, it immediately didn’t understand and was shocked.

However, what shocked it even more was that soon, space and time were broken open, and a figure tore through the air.

“Are we really going to fight to the death?” The Dark King actually hated hot-headed people like Shi Yu. In its opinion, there was no point in fighting Shi Yu anymore. It wasn’t like the original five cosmic levels had never fought each other. In the end, there was a winner, but it was impossible to kill the other party.

Back then, when the Super Empress faced the sealing of the World King and the cosmic overlord at the same time, it was already the worst outcome.

Did Shi Yu really think that he could change the rules? However, from the looks of it, Shi Yu didn’t seem to plan to stop.

“I said before, I want the Contaminated Land.” Shi Yu and Susu tore through the air. As soon as they came out, Susu turned into a weapon and stabbed at the Dark King like a cleansing spear that penetrated the starry sky.

The cleansing spear seemed to contain half the power of the universe. Its power was terrifying, making the pupils of the Dark King shrink. At this moment, extreme anger appeared in the Dark King’s heart.

As the first cleansing star spirit in the universe, it was originally the most capable general of the cosmic will. It spent its life to cleanse the universe pure and flawless, becoming the first cleansing star spirit at the peak of the super divine level.

However, the universe seemed to care more about balance and wasn’t satisfied with the pure and flawless universe. Therefore, it no longer nurtured the cleansing star spirit and broke the contract with the cleansing star spirit race.

The Dark King, who had sealed countless negative energy himself, had countless pollution erupt in its body. The originally clean universe once again gave birth to many Pollution Races.

The Dark King understood. The cosmic will didn’t want to cleanse the pollution at all. It just wanted to maintain balance. But in this way, what was the meaning of the existence of the cleansing star spirit?

Since the pollution couldn’t be completely cleansed, what was the meaning of the Dark King’s existence?

The Dark King, who didn’t want to be a tool that the universe could call over, decided to break the balance of the universe. It became the king of those Pollution Races and helped them “cleanse” more paradise until it obtained the cosmic virus of the previous era and turned its ambition into the pattern of rewriting the universe.

It was the laws of the universe that deprived the power of the cleansing star spirit. As it reached the cosmic level, the laws of the universe started to nurture the cleansing star spirit again. Now, the cleansing star spirit inherited the power of the universe and appeared in front of the Dark King, trying to cleanse it and make the universe balance again…

The Dark King was very angry. Why could the laws of the universe play with all races in its palm?

“No, I refuse to be defeated…” The Dark King roared and erupted with all its might. The pollution origin flowed on its body, turning into a mysterious curse seal that erupted with terrifying power. However, Susu, who had been enhanced by half the power of the universe and Shi Yu’s strengthening, was undoubtedly the enemy of the Dark King.

Boom!!!

The cleansing spear directly penetrated all the pollution curse seals and directly penetrated the dragon’s chest. A strong cleansing light kept spreading until it destroyed the Dark King’s body again.

Bang!!

The Dark King’s body exploded, but there were no pollution fluctuations at all. The moment it exploded, it was turned into nothingness by the cleansing light. Instead, the terrifying cleansing starlight shone on the Sea of Stars, shocking the countless Pollution Races who looked up at the starry sky.