Chapter 1903 - Chapter 1903: Balance (1)

Chapter 1903: Balance (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

The cleansing star spirit was a race born in the universe because of the yearning of countless lives for a beautiful environment.

At the start, Susu’s kind, a Blue Sea Sprite, could be said to be a low-level race that cleansed the star spirit. However, even if it was a low-level race, Susu still had the obsession of hundreds of millions of years to cleanse the polluted sea.

The obsession to cleanse the star spirit was probably above this. Therefore, it was very difficult for Susu to believe that the source of the pollution that had always been regarded as its final enemy was actually to cleanse the Star Spirit Race.

The Dark King didn’t care about Susu’s surprise at all.

Others probably wouldn’t mind. It might be the greatest joke in the universe that the Dark King was a cleansing star spirit.

“Domain.” The Dark King looked at it coldly. A cosmic-level attack was enough to overturn the starry sky. The Dark King was still sitting on the throne, but the turbid dark domain had already covered the starry sky and devoured everything.

Wherever the domain passed, countless stars turned into pollution stars, the ground turned into earth, and the water turned into an abyss. A domain that was far more terrifying and strange than a cosmic disaster swept past. At this moment, space and time seemed to have stopped. Be it the Pollution Army or the Cleansing Army, they didn’t dare to breathe loudly and trembled under the pressure of the two cosmic thrones.

“Looks like cosmic levels have some secrets of their own.”

Although Shi Yu was also surprised by the Dark King’s race, it wasn’t important at the moment. As long as he killed the Dark King, he would know everything he needed to know.

At this moment, most of his power had already been used on Susu. Psychic Resonance, Time Strengthening, Space Strengthening, Purification Amplification, Water Strengthening, and Ice Strengthening. A series of enhancement effects made Susu’s body suffuse with starry sky divine light. Apart from that, as a cosmic-level Beast Tamer, Shi Yu had mastered a special ability after breaking through, which was the origin of the universe.

Not only could the origin of the universe condensed in his Beast Taming Space evolve into various power of laws to shape the cosmic Beast Taming Space, but it could also temporarily strengthen a pet to cosmic battle power.

Although Susu didn’t have the ability to defeat the Dark King alone, with Shi Yu’s help, Susu would also ascend to the throne.

In the blink of an eye, a terrifying dark domain superimposed from dozens of alternate spaces and overlapped from the shattered spatial cracks.

Seeing this, many super divines panicked. They felt that the space and time where Shi Yu was had completely turned into a place that even the cosmic will despised. There was no way to escape.

Boom!!!

After the unknown effect of the domain was activated, the Dark King attacked again. This time, it raised its arm claws on the throne high and suddenly waved in the direction of Shi Yu and the others. Space and time immediately decayed, and the laws were tainted.

In the starry sky, a little starlight flickered. Susu flashed into the attack range of the Dark King just like that. Starlight erupted from its body, and a terrifying power that was not inferior to the Dark King completely erupted from its body. The starlight was like a sharp blade that tore through space and time.

In an instant, the origin purification wave representing the Sea of Stars collided with the Dark King’s Origin pollution power. The two parties didn’t feel anything, but the cleansing light that shot out only sprinkled a little on countless Polluted Races and instantly obliterated any traces of their existence!!

“Roar!!!” A huge roar came from the starry sky. It turned out to be one of the envoys of the Dark King. The Ancestor of the Pollution Race accidentally touched the origin fluctuations and directly erased the traces of its body under the frightened gazes of countless polluted races, as if it had never appeared in this starry sky. A peak super divine actually died because it was too close to the cosmic battlefield.

Not only that, but countless Polluted Races were also affected by the aftershock of the origin wave. Just seeing that light figure, their bodies involuntarily purified. They let out painful wails and slowly disappeared into ashes.

The terrifying power collided and also affected the barrier created by the World King. As space and time vibrated, cracks suddenly appeared in the barrier. A terrifying pollution power kept seeping in, instantly turning some of the cleansing army into monsters that were neither human nor ghost. As they struggled, their bodies kept collapsing.

This scene made the armies of both parties tremble to the extreme. Be it the Pollution Army or the leader of the Cleansing Army, they quickly and shockingly gave orders.

Without a doubt, ants like them couldn’t interfere in a cosmic-level battle, but at this moment, they clearly couldn’t escape either. They could only do what they had to do.

On the Environmental Protection Army’s side, Bing Ling quickly cooperated with the Star Army to maintain the barrier and cleanse the pollution power that had seeped in. As for the Dark King Army, they knew that they couldn’t help the Dark King, so they charged towards the barrier of the Cosmic Sea.

“Kill!!!” In an instant, as Shi Yu and the Dark King came into contact, the confrontation between the Dark King Army and the Environmental Protection Army completely erupted. At this moment, apart from the Cosmic Sea, the entire universe sensed the commotion from the Contaminated Land.

However, when the Dark King and Susu collided, the huge earthquake in the entire starry sky attracted the attention of countless experts.

“He’s actually at the cosmic level.” The Worm Queen, who was far away in the Worm Mother Nest, woke up from its sleep and cast its gaze at the Contaminated Land. Then, it was shocked when it sensed the power displayed on Susu and Shi Yu.

The Worm Queen didn’t expect Shi Yu to break through to the cosmic level so quickly. Moreover, the Cosmic Sea had completely waged a war with the Dark King.

In the overlord territory, the cosmic overlord also woke up from its rest and looked at the Contaminated Land with an interested expression.

It said to the secretary beside it with an incredulous expression, “Shi Yu has broken through to the cosmic level. I didn’t expect him to be so fast. In terms of nurturing humans, I lost to that guy too much.”