Chapter 1909 - Chapter 1909: Change Of Master In The Contaminated Land (3)

Chapter 1909: Change of Master in the Contaminated Land (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Editor: Atlas Studios

“Lord Dark King…” The depths of the polluted life form that was gradually killed dimmed and was very frightened. It wasn’t afraid that it would die, but that Lord Dark King had actually fallen into a disadvantage and its origin was weakening.

The polluted lives weren’t afraid of death because the Dark King had promised to revive people who had contributed. However, now that even the Dark King’s origin had weakened, these polluted lives were immediately extremely afraid. They didn’t understand who Shi Yu was to be able to rise so quickly.

Although the Pollution Army knew that Shi Yu was definitely one of the great enemies when Eleven defeated the Sun God General, they never expected that Shi Yu would break through to the cosmic level in a short moment and display a battle result that crushed the veteran cosmic level. This situation was unprecedented. Many people knew that they had completely witnessed the birth of a cosmic legend.

Now, the Pollution Races everywhere only hoped that Lord Dark King could obtain the final victory of this battle.

Boom!!!

The last piece of “earth” in the Contaminated Land had been cleansed. In theory, the Dark King no longer had the foundation to revive, but just as the Empress had said, cosmic-level creatures were impossible to kill.

As long as the concept of pollution didn’t die, the Dark King wouldn’t die.

After completely transforming the Contaminated Land into the Milky Way, Shi Yu’s aura suddenly increased, but the Dark King didn’t mind. It was just a territory. After it was killed again, it disappeared without a trace.

In the Contaminated Land, on an ordinary human planet that had never been invaded by the pollution army, as an experimental factory poured the pollution wastewater into the ocean, the vague concept law gave birth to a wisp of consciousness. Runes flashed, and relying on the pollution of the human environment, the Dark King was reborn again.

When Shi Yu found this place, the Dark King had already swallowed the entire planet into its body. Although the aura on its body was a little weaker than before, it still displayed a cosmic-level aura.

“You can’t kill me.”

“Even if you can cleanse the entire Contaminated Land, you don’t have the ability to cleanse the hearts and behavior of every life form.”

“Even if you can cleanse the will of all life in the Contaminated Land, the concept of pollution outside the Contaminated Land, and even the negative emotions produced by every creature, can still allow me to be reborn.”

This was the confidence of the Dark King’s immortality. Unless someone could destroy all life in the universe, it was immortal.

“Noisy,” Shi Yu said. The Dark King was just about to persuade Shi Yu to give up on this meaningless behavior, but in the next moment, its expression changed drastically. It sensed that a creature was actually corroding the pollution source.

It focused its gaze. In the reversed world of dark matter, a Demon Duck’s eyes were shining with a dark light. It Devoured and replaced its authority. The Dark King recalled carefully and suddenly realized that every time it died, a portion of its strength would be unknowingly deprived.

From the looks of it, the culprit seemed to be here.

“Hahahahahaha.” The Dark King laughed crazily. Perhaps the cosmic will would like a guy like Shi Yu very much. Purification and pollution, balance and restraint… The Dark King’s expression gradually became cruel. Just as it was about to reach out to the dark matter world, the cleansing arrow penetrated its heart again.

Blue Planet!

Dong Huang.

Even if an ancient country with the Environmental Protection Department was established, it still couldn’t avoid pollution. This was the bad habit of humans. Even in super strong countries, there would still be people who had darkness in their hearts. Under the light, there was also a shadow. Under the gathering of various negative powers, a terrifying aura began to brew on Blue Planet.

The Dark King left the Contaminated Land directly and chose to be reborn on Blue Planet on Shi Yu’s mother planet. It wanted to teach Shi Yu a lesson, but before it could completely be reborn, a powerful spiritual power crushed over, making the Dark King’s expression change.

“Get lost.” The Super Empress stood on the icy plain and looked up at the sky, directly crushing the unformed Dark King. Shi Yu didn’t let the Super Empress participate in the battle, but let it protect Blue Planet. From the looks of it, he had done the right thing.

Otherwise, it wouldn’t be so easy for Shi Yu, who didn’t know the Dark King’s next rebirth destination, to follow the other party immediately. If Blue Planet didn’t have an expert presiding over it, the Super Empress probably wouldn’t be able to last 0.1 seconds in the hands of the Dark King.

The Dark King, who had failed to reincarnate on Blue Planet, cursed in its heart. It understood that there was a World King and the Super Empress presiding over the Cosmic Sea, so it couldn’t think of messing around over there. The Dark King had no choice but to choose to reincarnate in the Behemoth Empire again to attract the trouble.

“The Dark King is here!!”

“Shi Yu is here too!” In the Behemoth Empire, countless super divine experts were shocked in their hearts. They roared and fled, not wanting to be involved in a cosmic war at all. This battle had lasted for a long time. Even the map of the polluted land had been rewritten, and it had already made countless super divine experts’ hearts tremble. They didn’t know how long it would take for the war to end.

Shi Yu followed closely and descended with Susu. However, when they wanted to attack this time, an accident happened.

The universe was in turmoil. Even if the Super Empress and the others had already taken the place of the universe to withstand the cosmic virus, the universe was still a little weak after being tortured. It couldn’t provide power to Susu anymore.

Perhaps it wasn’t that the universe had completely lost its power, but that after entering a standard, it fell into a self-protection mechanism, unwilling to consume any more energy. Susu’s cosmic Star Sea Contract immediately lost its effect, and its strength was directly halved.

Sensing the power on Susu’s body decrease, the Dark King trembled in the starry sky and laughed. “Looks like the universe has also abandoned you. Now, without the power of the universe, what should you do?”