Chapter 1908 - Chapter 1908: Change Of Master In The Contaminated Land (2)

Chapter 1908: Change of Master in the Contaminated Land (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios  Editor: Atlas Studios

Although the Dark King could revive infinitely, the one Shi Yu and the others blew up was undoubtedly the Dark King’s true body. No matter what, the Dark King’s main body also had cosmic battle power. Its strength was more than a hundred times that of a peak super divine.

However, such a cosmic level couldn’t even withstand a round and was instantly blown up… In the pollution star field enveloped by the cleansing light, before many Pollution Races lost consciousness, they were extremely shocked. Was that Lord Dark King? What enemy did it encounter??

One of the few World Kings, Beastmasters, Worm Queen, and cosmic overlords who could clearly watch the battle were also shocked.

“The Dark King can’t fight back at all. I underestimated them. A cosmic cleansing star spirit’s battle power is enough to match a cosmic overlord when facing the Dark King.”

“Not only do Shi Yu and the cleansing star spirit want to kill the Dark King, but the cosmic will also wants to kill the Dark King, so their current battle power is completely not something the Dark King can resist.”

“However, even if the cosmic will wants to kill the Dark King, it’s not that easy…” The World King couldn’t help but relax when it saw that the battle on Shi Yu’s side was also very smooth.

The Dark King still had to revive. In the Contaminated Land, the power of pollution was everywhere. It could completely revive infinitely. During this process, Shi Yu played with the Dark King.

The process of the other party’s revival was also the process of Shi Yu and Susu cleansing the entire Contaminated Land. In a certain star domain, just as the Dark King revived, the cleansing blade Susu turned into instantly beheaded it.

“Seal.” Shi Yu’s Beast Taming Space separated a portion and turned into an eternal seal. He wanted to suppress and seal the Dark King again, but it seemed to be extremely difficult to seal a cosmic level. The Dark King, whose body had been divided into two, easily shook and broke through space and time. Only a useless head was sealed by Shi Yu.

This head could also be said to be the source of cosmic pollution. It was enough to pollute dozens of star domains, but it was insignificant at the moment. It was directly thrown into the Void by Shi Yu and fell into the Void Battlefield.

At the edge of the Cosmic Sea, the huge head of the Dark King fell. The pupils of the pollution army that was still here constricted with looks of disbelief. As for the Environmental Protection Army, the group of people led by Bing Ling had hoarse voices. They had no idea what was going on in the battle between Shi Yu and the Dark King.

However, from the looks of it, Shi Yu seemed to have the upper hand and the situation was one-sided? Otherwise, why would the Dark King’s head be thrown here like trash?

“Let’s see how long you can last.” Even if the Dark King was blown up time and time again, it was still extremely calm. The universe was already weakened by the cosmic virus, so the power Shi Yu and the others could borrow was limited.

Now wasn’t the time for it to counterattack.

Next, Shi Yu and the Dark King started a pursuit that lasted for several days. During this period, Shi Yu and the others became more and more proficient.

In the past few days, the commotion of the cosmic battle had swept through the entire universe. The news of Shi Yu breaking through to the cosmic level and becoming the seventh cosmic emperor had already spread throughout the starry sky.

The cleansing light coming from the Contaminated Land was the strongest proof. In the Worm Mother Nest, the overlord territory, the Behemoth Empire, and the Cosmic Sea, many experts stared at the Contaminated Land with the method of stargazing.

“I heard that the war has started. What exactly happened over there?”

Even the World King Planet was trembling. There were thousands of strange scenes in the starry sky. At this moment, the Exposing King, Tu Tu, appeared again, causing even the peak of the super divine level to look over.

The Exposing King, Tu Tu, had obtained the right to broadcast from god knows where. The video directly connected to Shi Yu’s perspective and shocked the starry sky.

“This is the seventh cosmic emperor!!! The Dark King and the Beastmaster joined forces to invade the Cosmic Sea. The World King was originally no match for them and could only rely on the barrier to resist. Who knew that Shi Yu would break through to the cosmic level and directly kill his way into the Contaminated Land, crushing the Dark King?” Originally, Brother Owl wasn’t qualified to broadcast the cosmic-level battle at all, but it was Shi Yu’s fault for being familiar with him.

At this moment, Tu Tu was extremely excited. It revealed, “Shi Yu won this battle!”

Everyone was shocked. They didn’t understand why the Exposing King could broadcast a cosmic battle, but even the officials of the World King didn’t come out to refute the rumors. For a moment, everyone was shocked.

“What a joke.” Zavay, Ming Gu, and the others, who had long become gods, were stunned as they watched the video.

The first round of the battle between Shi Yu and the Dark King was a battle of attrition. As Shi Yu consumed the Dark King’s foundation in the Contaminated Land, the Dark King consumed the power that the universe could lend Shi Yu and the others.

After the Flower of Purification bloomed in the Contaminated Land, 95% of the huge Contaminated Land had already been completely changed. At this moment, the living beings still alive in the Contaminated Land looked up at the night sky. The Milky Way was like a faint thin cloth that crossed the entire night sky, like a divine dragon that transmigrated the galaxy, emitting a halo that reflected a light belt.

The starry sky didn’t look like the environment of the Contaminated Land at all.

The Contaminated Land was really going to change hands.

Shi Yu and the others had only fought for a few days before completely rewriting one-fifth of the “terrain environment” in the universe.

After the Dark King was “killed” countless times, be it the polluted lives in the Contaminated Land, the Cosmic Sea, the Behemoth Empire, the Worm Mother Nest, or the overlord territory, they could feel their weakness.

“Kill!!!”

On the Void Battlefield, the Environmental Protection Army was unstoppable. Apart from them, a mysterious expert appeared and guarded the border. The appearance of the little nun, Floating Light, confused President Bing Ling and the others. However, seeing that she was standing on the Environmental Protection Army’s side, they no longer had any worries.