Chapter 1913 - Chapter 1913: Space Bandit (1)

Chapter 1913: Space Bandit (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Editor: Atlas Studios

“Roar!!”

After Shi Yu finished speaking, Little Ji rushed forward.

What did it mean by it didn’t match Ling? It could give the bone to it. Little Ji didn’t care about fossils.

As long as the race of the fossils wasn’t a duck, it wouldn’t refuse anyone.

Little Ji had suffered without cultivation resources for a long time.

“You sure have the awareness to be a lab rat,” Shi Yu said.

If it didn’t match Ling, Ling might really be unwilling to fuse and experiment with Little Ji.

In short, if Ling had a request, Shi Yu was naturally satisfied. He directly threw the fossil to Ling.

After obtaining the fossil, Ling observed it more carefully and came to the conclusion that it was probably not easy to understand the secret of this fossil.

The phantom beast system was to enter a dream fossil, materialize illusions, and fuse illusions.

He didn’t know if Shi Yu could enter the dream of this fossil after strengthening Buggy to the cosmic level.

If it didn’t work, it would definitely have to wait for Buggy to evolve before reaching the cosmic level.

“The things collected and left behind by the Dark King seem to be useful to it.” Ling looked at the other three treasures.

“Yeah.” Apart from this prismatic fossil, Shi Yu realized that the other three treasures weren’t simple either.

He first looked at a white gem-like ball.

“Gem? Unfortunately, it’s useful, so I won’t give it to Teacher Gem Cat. Otherwise, it would be a waste.”

“This should be a cosmic treasure that contains the dream origin.” Shi Yu obtained it and only sensed it slightly before understanding the function. “If the user is expert in the dream path, he can easily use it to create a ‘real dream universe’. His body is equivalent to the cosmic will of a parallel universe.”

“But the use of the Dark King seems to be very crude.”

Shi Yu seemed to have crossed time and seen how the Dark King used it.

“This thing can also be seen as a ‘cosmic treasure’ cultivation fruit,” Shi Yu said. “If you hold it and fall into a deep sleep, you can be in a cultivation state at all times. Moreover, it’s a cultivation state with terrifying cultivation efficiency.”

“Of course, this is only the most basic usage method. The Dark King probably couldn’t be bothered to study the Dream Dao, so he brought it along as a cultivation pendant.”

“This can be given to Buggy as evolution materials.” Shi Yu looked at Buggy.

“Ji!!” Buggy was already very happy when it heard the dream source. Great, from the looks of it, it had also gained something.

“And this.” Shi Yu looked at something that looked like a flower. There were still eleven petals on it, each containing strong time power. Shi Yu was slightly stunned and said, “Good stuff.”

“Time Flower.”

“It’s a renewable cosmic treasure.”

“Every petal of it is edible. The life it eats will awaken powerful time-element aptitude, comparable to the time-element aptitude of a top-notch time-element god,” Shi Yu said.

Upon hearing Shi Yu’s words, most pets’ eyes lit up. As expected of a cosmic treasure.

There were even cosmic treasures that mass-produced time-element pets.

“Unfortunately, condensing a petal requires 100 million years. However, 11 petals is enough. When the time comes, whoever’s spatial attainments aren’t good will eat a petal first.” Shi Yu’s heart rippled.

It felt that even when it sealed the Dark King, it didn’t plunder its treasure vault. It was even more exciting.

Cosmic-level fossils, Dream Gem, Time Flower, and the last one that Shi Yu was also very satisfied with.

It was a cosmic treasure the color of a starry sky that was like a heart. Shi Yu would call it the Heart of Purification for the time being.

After reaching the cosmic level, there was nothing that could be hidden from Shi Yu.

He only took a look and knew the origin of this thing. Probably after the Dark King broke through to the cosmic level, in order to maintain balance, the universe naturally condensed a cosmic treasure that could strengthen the power of cleansing.

It was the cleansing heart in front of him.

It could be said that even if it was a gem cat that only knew entry-level cleansing skills, as long as it carried this, the cleansing power could completely exceed a pile of cleansing star spirits.

Unfortunately, after this cleansing heart was naturally born in the universe, it was still useless. It tossed and turned and was finally obtained by the Dark King.

“The Dark King actually didn’t destroy this thing but kept it.” Shi Yu shook his head.

As for this, he would directly throw it to Susu. Without the Star Sea Contract for the time being, this thing could increase its cleansing efficiency.

“Wuu.” Almost all four treasures had targets to distribute. The pets who didn’t obtain the treasures were slightly regretful.

Apart from these things, the Dark King actually had many super divine resources in his collection, but Shi Yu didn’t fancy those.

After that, he would let Blue Planet take over and use it to rebuild the Milky Way. After all, developing a territory also required resources.

However, as a Beast Tamer who doted on his pets, Shi Yu still said in the end, “If there’s anything you like, you can take it directly, but don’t take all of it…”

“In any case, we still have to go to the Behemoth Empire to ‘extort’ the Beastmaster later. In short, there won’t be a lack of resources. There are also the cosmic resources promised by the Worm Queen. It’s time to transfer them.”

The Beastmaster invaded just like that and escaped just like that. It didn’t even leave anything behind. How could there be such a good thing?

The Cosmic Sea had heard Shi Yu’s plan. After breaking through to the cosmic level, he was determined to be a bandit for once and make the other cosmic levels pay a price.

“Roar!!”

Upon hearing that their Beast Tamer was so realistic, the pets were extremely touched. This had to be the case. Otherwise, how could they be raised well?