Chapter 1910 - Chapter 1910: Change Of Master In The Contaminated Land (4)

Chapter 1910: Change of Master in the Contaminated Land (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Editor: Atlas Studios

At this moment, it was the key turning point. The World King, the Beastmaster, the Worm Queen, and the others watched even more seriously.

At this moment, it was the key turning point. The World King, the Beastmaster, the Worm Queen, and the others watched even more seriously.

Shi Yu had never placed his hopes of victory on the Star Sea Contract.

Boom!!

In the next moment, Ling, who had long been prepared and used itself as a container, was directly summoned and began to change. It shapeshifted into a super mecha that was very huge even if it stood in the starry sky.

The blue-purple mecha was no different from the fusion mecha controlled by Shi Yu and the others previously.

It had a humanoid body and a head with the characteristics of the sheep race. Under the contrast of the white Kirin Horn, the entire face of the mecha was like a white demon.

A very huge light wheel appeared behind the cosmic mecha. Every part of the light wheel was equivalent to a small cockpit. Buggy, Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong, Susu, Little Ji… Every pet of Shi Yu was in the light wheel and distributed evenly.

This mecha had three most important cores. They were the pilot Shi Yu at its chest, as well as Susu and Duckie, who had turned into weapons.

The main stats of the entire mecha had become cleansing and pollution. Under the harmonization of the Taiji Domain, both parties suddenly erupted with extremely terrifying power, shocking the Dark King.

The light of purification and pollution lingered on the light wheel and the entire mecha body.

The super Demon God of the light wheel appeared. Eleven and the others, who had been watching the battle, recuperating, and waiting to receive the baton, revealed ferocious expressions.

“Roar!!!!” The super Demon God of the light wheel let out a roar that was like an ancient ferocious beast, moving the other cosmic thrones. On Blue Planet, the Super Empress looked at the even more perfect mecha with a long gaze.

It turned out that cosmic-level Beast Tamers could still display absolute advantages even when facing the veteran cosmic throne.

Shi Yu’s mecha held the Sword of Purification and Pollution. He activated the dual-blade style. Under the Dark King’s incredulous expression, his body was once again divided into two by the chaotic power. At the same time, he felt the dissipation of the pollution source.

“Damn it!!!” The Dark King was furious and let out a beast-like roar. When it heard the Dark King’s angry roar, the Beastmaster, who had already hidden in the stars in the depths of the Behemoth Empire, also gritted its teeth.

If he had known earlier, he wouldn’t have listened to this guy and attacked the Cosmic Sea together. Shi Yu was so strong, not including the Super Empress and the World King. He couldn’t win this battle no matter how he looked at it.

From the looks of it, the immortal Dark King would probably suffer a huge blow after this battle and sleep for hundreds of millions or even billions of years before reviving.

Until now, the Beastmaster still didn’t feel that the Dark King had killed it. Only at the cosmic level could one know the power of the cosmic level. At this moment, although the Dark King was furious, it also saw the situation clearly.

It couldn’t revive infinitely anymore.

In fact, he couldn’t even come into contact with the current Shi Yu anymore. He couldn’t leave any traces of himself in this space and time. Otherwise, it would be giving Shi Yu a chance to seal himself for no reason.

“I’ll remember you. Shi Yu!!!” The Dark King said. At this moment, it had already bet everything and admitted that it was careless this time. However, the matter was far from over. It would make a comeback sooner or later and kill Shi Yu…

Boom!!!

It was destroyed again. This time, the Dark King chose to detonate even its pollution source. There were no traces of the Dark King in this universe space and time. This scene made the Beastmaster, the World King, and the Worm Queen extremely silent, and also shocked some peak super divine experts.

At this moment…

In a certain parallel space in the 11th era.

Everything was fine. There were no cosmic disputes in the past parallel space.

The Dark King, who had self-destructed, directly teleported a trace of its consciousness to another space and time with the power of space and time and possessed another cosmic-level body. It recuperated and waited for revival and return.

Boom!!!

The aura of the Dark King erupted, shocking the entire universe. Countless experts stared at the Contaminated Land, not understanding what the awakening of the cosmic emperor meant.

Even the many Pollution Races in the Contaminated Land looked in a direction piously.

The Dark King woke up!

They knelt down piously again, including the peak super divine level, waiting for the Dark King’s supreme instructions.

But in the next moment, space and time shattered, and the interweaving chaotic aura spread. Another extremely terrifying cosmic-level aura descended with a bang. It was a cosmic-level aura that all the experts in this parallel space were extremely unfamiliar with.

Some experts closer could clearly see an incomparably terrifying human-type mecha holding the Blade of Purification and Pollution. It crossed space and time and arrived at this universe.

“Do you think you can escape after transmigrating for a billion years and coming to the past?” A deep and terrifying voice came from the mecha, making the universe tremble and the few universe levels in this parallel space fall silent.

It even made the hearts of the lives under the universe tremble.

“Impossible, how can you descend with your true body!!” The Dark King, who was originally prepared to recuperate, was immediately shocked to an incomparable level when it saw Shi Yu transmigrate a billion years with his true body and come to the past. It was even more frightened than being killed by Shi Yu ten thousand times in this space and time.

Under the terrifying might of the cosmic emperor, the galaxy trembled. In the Contaminated Land, the brains of countless Pollution Races trembled, not understanding what had happened.

However, there were also some super divine levels who had touched the power of space and time. Their expressions gradually became shocked as they deduced an unbelievable conclusion.