Chapter 1919 - Chapter 1919: The Arrival Of Shi Yu’S Daughter (3)

Chapter 1919: The Arrival of Shi Yu’s Daughter (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Editor: Atlas Studios

No one expected this before the team internal competition. After all, Susu had lost the Star Sea Contract. In theory, it should be the one whose battle power was the most weakened, even more serious than Buggy.

However, no one expected Susu to have a breakthrough in its cleansing attainments during the process of cleansing the Dark King. Although it didn’t have the Star Sea Contract, its origin fluctuations became the second “super divine skill” in the team.

Susu became the second cosmic race after Buggy.

Apart from the Dark King’s EXP package, it was also related to Shi Yu’s enhancement of her for a long time, allowing Susu to accumulate incomparably rich EXP.

Now that she was first in the team, it meant that she had already walked further than every pet on the path of the universe.

Although the Chaotic Body was also very strong, it was incomplete after all. Eleven still lost to Susu. However, every pet felt that Susu deserved it.

The last team internal competition was still the God Sealing Battle. If it was before the super divine level, the divine level would also hold an internal team competition. As the first epoch god, Susu was still far ahead. Everyone had yet to forget that Susu was the first to break through to the epoch god.

At that time, Susu was in the lead at the divine level, and now it was in the lead at the super divine level. Everyone had to be convinced of her first place. Of course, although they were convinced, Eleven and the other pets were also waiting for him to enter the complete body and the cosmic level. At that time, they would fight the complete Susu seriously.

Fighting a cosmic level was only for fun. In terms of strength, it still depended on the team internal competition.

At this moment, Susu finally obtained first place in the team.

Its only wish was to cleanse the Dark King as soon as possible and break through to the cosmic level.

After this team internal competition, the entire team was still cultivating calmly.

Shi Yu’s clone continued to pay attention to the situation in the outside world. Among them, after Emperor Shi confirmed that Shi Yu was almost invincible in the universe, he directly chose to reincarnate.

Originally, Goddess Wa, Blue Planet, and the others wanted to protect Emperor Shi. The Space Emperor and the others had even imagined a novel by Long Aotian: “The reincarnated me is actually a senior of the cosmic throne.”

This plot was too invincible no matter how one thought about it.

Unfortunately, Emperor Shi still had a personality. He pulled all his pets to reincarnate together and only established a karma connection with his pets. Then, he erased all traces of himself and didn’t let big shots like the Blue Planet’s Will help him.

Emperor Shi said, “If there’s someone protecting you, reincarnation won’t have the tempering effect.”

“Don’t worry, I’ve already made enough backup plans. Perhaps after reincarnation, I’ll die from various accidents when I’m weak, but after I die, I’ll still undergo the next reincarnation until I surpass the past.”

“I’m already prepared to reincarnate a hundred, a thousand, or ten thousand times. Perhaps if we meet again, it’ll be a hundred million years later, but it doesn’t matter.”

“I won’t stop until I see the cosmic level.”

Emperor Shi had abandoned his memories and everything during this reincarnation. However, it was certain that he had still reincarnated on Blue Planet.

Emperor Shi didn’t let everyone protect his reincarnation, so everyone chose to respect him.

Although even if Emperor Shi erased his traces, Shi Yu could still find him as long as he wanted, since Senior Emperor Shi was unwilling, Shi Yu wouldn’t ruin his cultivation.

However, as a super divine reincarnation, his future was destined to be dazzling. It was difficult not to be noticed by the Blue Planet’s Will… Emperor Shi probably meant for the Blue Planet’s Will and the others to not interfere when they saw that his reincarnation was on the verge of death…

Seeing the reincarnation of Emperor Shi, Shi Yu looked forward to it. It looked like Senior Emperor Shi was determined to charge at the cosmic throne. He didn’t even hesitate to reincarnate to train and cultivate again. In fact, with his ruthlessness, it was possible for him to say that he wasn’t satisfied with an ordinary throne and wanted to charge at the cosmic overlord realm.

The other emperors didn’t have the boldness of Emperor Shi, but they were already super divine, including geniuses like Senior Lu and Senior Panda who had been taken away by Goddess Wa to nurture. They had already become famous. Now, with the four peak super divine powers, Goddess Wa, Floating Light, Blue Planet, and Gem Cat, presiding over the Milky Way, they could be said to be not inferior to any cosmic-level faction.

Among them, Goddess Wa and Blue Planet decided to nurture the Blue Planet’s humans and races and let themselves charge at the cosmic level.

The revived emperors were all their cultivation targets.

Floating Light established a star in the Milky Way and called itself Buddha. It planned to promote Buddhism in the Milky Way. Although Shi Yu didn’t like Buddhism, considering that the other party had helped a lot, he allowed it. It was a world with freedom of religion.

As for the gem cat, it was the least ambitious among the few peak super divines. Fortunately, Shi Yu had tricked her. Although the Empress felt that helping the gem cat break through to the cosmic level was unrealistic, considering that contracting the universe was also unrealistic and difficult, she decided to test it with the gem cat first.

She wanted to see if they could transform the gem cat to the cosmic level.

If this was already done, what else was impossible?

As time passed, this time, a little too much time passed. In the blink of an eye, 10 years passed.

Although it was still like an instant compared to the universe, and even for ordinary demigods, it wasn’t long, Shi Yu and the others had only grown for a few decades.

This leap gradually made Shi Yu and the others feel that they were no longer the happy time where they could quickly gain something by casually adding points.

In the past 10 years, Shi Yu had still been accumulating. After reaching the cosmic level, it was indeed not that easy to think of some progress.

His metal-element strengthening, bug-element strengthening, and other talents had been cultivated to the cosmic level, but the plundering ability that could strip away his talent was still a little lacking.