Chapter 1918 - Chapter 1918: The Arrival Of Shi Yu’S Daughter (2)

Chapter 1918: The Arrival of Shi Yu’s Daughter (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Editor: Atlas Studios

After this series of processes, it was no different from creating a top-notch super divine skill. Fortunately, the current Shi Yu wasn’t a threat externally. He didn’t have anything else, but he had ridiculously much time.

Of course, in order to avoid completely losing contact with the outside world, Shi Yu still had a clone to watch the changes in the Milky Way when his main body cultivated.

This clone didn’t have any other quests. It was just playing and communicating with the outside world in place of Shi Yu’s main body.

He had obtained Teacher Cat’s reverse teachings.

This was because Shi Yu was cultivating with his main body at this moment. His clone was playing, while Teacher Cat’s main body was lazing around. With his clone working, it was obvious that he wasn’t a good cat.

Three years passed in the blink of an eye.

Three years was simply an instant for the universe.

Even for Shi Yu and the others, it was in the blink of an eye.

In fact, even the news of Shi Yu becoming the Milky Way Overlord had yet to completely spread to all corners of the universe. This process probably took a long, long time. After all, there were still many backward planets like “Past Blue Planet”.

In three years, Blue Planet had already established itself in the Milky Way.

However, three years didn’t allow Shi Yu to cultivate any talent he learned after birth to the cosmic level.

It was too difficult.

This was even under the situation where Shi Yu cheated and let the rabbit assist in his cultivation.

The Super Empress was expert in spiritual power. Next was time. After all, she had “eaten” so many time sprites.

Although it was a pity that he didn’t learn spatial travel, his time attainments should be the strongest tier in the entire universe.

With her time control, three years wasn’t just three years, but it was still not enough.

However, Shi Yu wasn’t discouraged. After all, if the cosmic level was that easy, it would have long been common. He was already prepared to cultivate for 30,000 years.

As for pets, they had just finished the team meeting a few days ago. The pets were different.

Apart from the Empress, all Shi Yu’s pets participated in this team internal competition.

The ranking was updated!!!

Among them, because Turtle and Little Quas didn’t participate in the competition in the form of a fusion this time, they were undoubtedly at the bottom. Little Quas won slightly.

However, the entire team suspected that Turtle was going easy on Little Quas. It was afraid that Little Quas would lose face at the bottom, so it sacrificed itself for love.

Next was Shorty, who followed closely behind and was third from the bottom. As the pet of the second team, it still had to have the awareness of the second team’s pet. However, it was the pain in their hearts that they didn’t defeat Bu Lu.

Bu Lu had too many skills and was too sick. After being maxed out and fused, he couldn’t play with it at all.

However, although Bu Lu’s skill interface was very abnormal, he only defeated the little three of the second team. He really couldn’t defeat Little Ji and Duckie in front.

During this period of time, Little Ji and Duckie’s epic enhancement had increased.

Duckie was always accepting the Dark King’s inheritance.

Little Ji, on the other hand, accepted the Dark King’s inheritance.

Although the Dark King was a cleansing star spirit, it was a cleansing star spirit in the form of a “dragon”. It could also be considered a dragon from soup to nuts.

The Dark King was sealed, but the components on its body could be used uselessly.

Ling and Susu asked for the Dark King’s dragon bone to update Little Ji’s anti-poison system. The two of them were indeed lifelong enemies. One snatched the source of the Dark King’s power, and the other used the source of the Dark King’s power to train his immune system…

In the end, it was a draw no matter how they fought.

He didn’t know how long this situation would last.

Unfortunately, Ling had yet to figure out what the cosmic fossil Little Ji was looking forward to was. With the abilities of Shi Yu and the others, they still couldn’t figure it out.

He probably really had to wait for Buggy to enter the cosmic level itself.

After that, it was Little Zi. As a planetary life form, because it had learned the Star Contract from Blue Planet, it could summon the power projection of a team of big shots to help it fight. It was a summoner.

The team of big shots summoned by the extreme consumption of the power of the star, such as Eleven, Baby Ginseng, Little Ji, and the others, really couldn’t defeat them.

Then, it was Qi. As a Time Sprite with battle power, Qi’s battle method was more torturous. Most pets couldn’t hit it at all.

Even in the first team, not every pet could steadily punish Qi. Qi lost purely because she couldn’t do anything to the other party. After the anxious battle, the first team of pets was still better. Everyone more or less learned the essence of the ginseng baby.

In the old team, the version changed drastically. What was more strange was that Buggy was at the bottom this time and became the sixth.

As the rules didn’t allow equipment, the most generous Buggy was weakened when the cosmic treasure couldn’t be used.

As the rules didn’t allow equipment, the most generous Buggy was weakened when the cosmic treasure couldn’t be used.

Defeating the second team was already the limit.

If Buggy wanted to rise again, it probably had to evolve.

As for number five, it became Chi Tong. As a spirit body, this girl’s strongest point was still to cooperate with Shi Yu, but unfortunately, this was a one-on-one battle.

Ling became number four. It looked like it was indifferent to the team internal competition, but it had actually studied Chi Tong’s skills thoroughly and defeated it a little.

As for number three, it was Baby Ginseng. It wasn’t researching the Energy Fruit of the Anti-Teammate. Instead, it was shaping the Heart of the Heavenly Emperor. Its performance this time could only be said to be average, and it couldn’t find a perfect way to crack Eleven’s Chaos Divine Body.

However, Eleven, who had the strongest Chaos Divine Body and could casually crush the Sun God General, didn’t get first place this time either. Instead, it was taken by Susu, who had broken its contract with the Sea of Stars.