Chapter 1916 - Chapter 1916: Space Bandit (4)

Chapter 1916: Space Bandit (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Editor: Atlas Studios

As expected!

“You’re welcome. As long as your intentions are there.” In the next moment, Shi Yu’s true body descended into the battleship with a smile.

Hahahahaha, it looked like the cosmic overlord was also convinced by his powerful strength. This time, the five cosmic levels of this era had all given him gifts.

Not bad, not bad.

“This is a gift. Please accept it, Lord Shi Yu.” Then, Katney took out a crystal in a box. This was… a cosmic treasure-level wood-element crystal.

Shi Yu’s smile stopped. “Thank the cosmic overlord for me. I’ve already received his kindness.”

Didn’t they agree on the richest life in the universe?

If cosmic treasures were also divided into levels, the source of transcendence was the trashiest cosmic treasure. A little higher was pure energy crystals.

The one given by the cosmic overlord was expensive, but it revealed its stinginess. However, the fact that the other party could come and give a gift was already giving him, the Milky Way Overlord, a lot of face. Shi Yu couldn’t be picky.

When the cosmic overlord had a happy event, he would have to give him an even more expensive gift. To think that he was an employee of the other party’s army. It was unfair.

But no matter what, Shi Yu felt that it was impressive to be able to send a congratulatory gift!

It was just that what was the use of the other party collecting so many cosmic treasures? He was probably going to be scared. In the future, when they sparred, he might be able to use some cosmic treasures as a bet to win and lose.

“Alright, also, the cosmic overlord said that it’s waiting for your challenge,” Katney said.

Whatever he thought would come.

“Oh.” Shi Yu put away the gift and said, “That day won’t be far.”

After harvesting a round, Shi Yu could be said to be quite rich. Shi Yu was so concerned about how much he had obtained because he was counting on these things to be resources for the team’s pets to charge into the cosmic level.

Although charging into the cosmic level couldn’t be succeeded with resources, without resources, one couldn’t do anything without resources.

Now, Ling had an unknown fossil. Susu had the Heart of Purification and the Dark King. Chi Tong had the Space-time Shadowless Sword, Baby Ginseng had the seed of the Universe Tree, Buggy had the Dream Gem, the Light of Spirit, Dragon Essence, the Space-time Jade Butterfly, the Heavenly Swamp Stone, and wood-element crystals. In Shi Yu’s opinion, Buggy was the most stable. The other pets had purely just started.

Of course, Eleven didn’t seem to have any resources, but Shi Yu’s cultivation of the plundering talent was all for Eleven. His Taiji Domain, Green Dragon, Vermillion Bird, Black Tortoise, and White Tiger domains were all prepared to be stripped from him and permanently given to Eleven, so its resources were actually the most luxurious.

As for the second team… The first team wasn’t done yet. Shi Yu could only say that he would take his time.

In any case, he wasn’t in a hurry to become a cosmic holder. In the next billions of years, Shi Yu didn’t believe that he couldn’t nurture a bunch of cosmic levels.

In the last era, there were a total of 16 cosmic levels. In this era, Shi Yu felt that there should only be more, not less.

“Looks like you’ve gained a lot.” Just as Shi Yu was imagining the future, the figure of the Super Empress slowly appeared. Shi Yu smiled at her and said, “Yes.”

“Next, I can enter seclusion to cultivate fiercely for a period of time.”

“Don’t worry and enter seclusion. I’ll train your pets,” the Super Empress said.

Shi Yu was stunned. “Hahaha, is this the reliability of a senior?”

The Empress: “?”

“No need, no need. They can take good care of themselves. I think you should go and train the gem cat and squeeze it dry. If she can also become a cosmic level before I contract the universe, won’t the success rate of the contract be even higher? A cosmic level wish is still worth looking forward to.”

“It’s easier said than done. Do you know how much effort I spent to make her at the peak of the super divine level?” The Super Empress sneered, suspecting that Shi Yu was making things difficult for her!