Chapter 1911 - Chapter 1911: Change Of Master In The Contaminated Land (5)

Chapter 1911: Change of Master in the Contaminated Land (5)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Editor: Atlas Studios

A billion years later, the Dark King was chased by an unknown cosmic level. With the power of space and time, a trace of consciousness escaped to space and time a billion years ago to avoid powerful enemies, but…

Boom!!!

“Who do you think I am?” This time, it wasn’t Shi Yu who spoke, but Qi in a certain light wheel. It looked at the Dark King, who had raised its arms high and caught the World Cleansing Destruction Sword, with pity.

In the gradually blurry spatial traces, the wisp of consciousness of the Dark King escaped again.

It looked like the Dark King had also achieved the level of resonance with many parallel spaces. In an instant, Shi Yu sensed the Dark King resonating with the nine parallel spaces.

“Is your tempering of the power of space and time only at this level?”

This time, Shi Yu didn’t chase after the Dark King because after chasing once, he could roughly understand the “time and space laws” mastered by the Dark King.

He directly looked at the Dark King, who was roaring in this space and time. He exerted strength again. The cleansing sword Susu turned into directly shattered the head of the dark dragon.

At the same time, the universe trembled. In many parallel spaces, the brain of one of the cosmic emperors standing on the throne exploded with a bang, as if it had been killed by a supreme expert who crossed countless spaces and instantly alarmed the entire universe.

Through the attack that contained the supreme spatial profundity, Shi Yu directly nailed the other party to the reversed space and time. After a blurry space and time accelerated, they returned to the original space and time. The moment the space and time were in chaos just now, it deeply stunned many experts. Even the Beastmaster, the World King, and the Worm Queen revealed incredulous expressions.

He didn’t expect that even at this point, the Dark King was still chased by Shi Yu.

“Cosmic-level Time Sprite.”

In an instant, the Beastmaster, the Worm Queen, and the others realized what was going on and looked at a little creature in the light wheel in shock.

They could tell that this guy was only at the peak of the super divine level, but under Shi Yu’s enhancement just now, he actually reached the cosmic level. It was enough to easily transmigrate space and time and hunt countless cosmic bodies in parallel space and time?

The gazes of the cosmic emperors who were originally watching the show, such as the Beastmaster and the Worm King, trembled at this moment. They were deeply afraid of Shi Yu.

At this moment, the Dark King completely didn’t expect Shi Yu’s cultivation of the power of space and time to transcend to this extent.

Even if its body was nailed to multiple spaces, it still looked at Shi Yu fiercely.

At this moment, it suddenly had a feeling that it would be the first cosmic level to be completely killed. The person in front of it was a freak.

“Are you convinced this time?” Shi Yu asked.

“You’ll regret it. As a transmigrator, you’ll die without a burial place under the backlash of the universe sooner or later.” The Dark King looked at Shi Yu with a cold smile.

At this moment, it seemed to have seen the future and Shi Yu’s ambition. It wanted to contract the universe and become the holder of the universe.

That was a goal even more terrifying than its ambition to overturn the balance of the universe and destroy the universe.

However, what awaited the Dark King was Shi Yu’s final sword. With a boom, the Dark King’s body exploded again in many parallel spaces. Strands of origin traces were retracted and sealed in a black stone ball by Shi Yu.

He still couldn’t kill the Dark King. He could only wait for Duckie to completely snatch the other party’s authority bit by bit. However, the current outcome could already mean that he had completely won. The Dark King had already been sealed. Next was the double corrosion of Susu and Duckie.

“That’s too scary.”

“You’re the first one I’ve encountered who’s about to die. You refuse to back down,” Shi Yu said as he grabbed the stone ball.

The battle with the Dark King ended with Shi Yu’s complete victory. Although he was offline for a moment, Wang Tu Tu clearly broadcasted the scene of Shi Yu finally nailing the Dark King in countless space and time and sealing it.

Although he had expected it, at this moment, even King Tu Tu trembled a little. His mouth trembled. He was a little shocked by the outcome of Shi Yu, a new cosmic level, really crushing an old cosmic level.

Shi Yu was really a freak!!!

“Do you see that? From today onwards, the Contaminated Land has changed hands!!! The seventh cosmic throne, Shi Yu, will personally ascend the throne of the ‘galaxy’ and rule the universe!! What trashy Dark King? I didn’t expect the World King to be even afraid of it, but in front of Shi Yu’s throne, it’s simply unable to withstand a single blow!!”

At this moment, King Tu Tu, who was hugging Shi Yu’s thigh tightly, was becoming more and more arrogant. However, at this moment, the audience no longer had the mood to pay attention to its disrespectful words. Their lips also trembled slightly, wondering if what they had seen the whole time was true. Was there really such a person?