Chapter 1915 - Chapter 1915: Space Bandit (3)

Chapter 1915: Space Bandit (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Editor: Atlas Studios

Buggy’s Ultimate Devour could transform 100% of its devour into its own foundation. The other pets were a little lacking compared to it. Shi Yu thought for a moment. If nothing went wrong, this thing should also be eaten by Buggy as one of the evolution materials.

“I’ll teleport the planet to your Milky Way. If you’re satisfied, I won’t send you off,” the Beastmaster said.

“Goodbye,” Shi Yu said.

Goodbye my ass… The Beastmaster watched Shi Yu leave and knew that another “cosmic overlord” had appeared. In its opinion, Shi Yu’s strength was far from the limit when fighting the Dark King.

A cosmic-level Beast Tamer was too terrifying. Against the Dark King, it could strengthen a cosmic-level cleansing pet. Against the Dark King, it could use the power of space and time to escape and strengthen a cosmic-level Time Sprite. Against it, it could probably also strengthen a targeted pet. It could be said that Shi Yu would become the first cosmic-level without shortcomings in this era.

Moreover, Shi Yu was still quickly growing. It wasn’t impossible for him to catch up to a cosmic overlord in the future…

After leaving the Behemoth Empire, Shi Yu, the cosmic bandit, arrived at the next stop almost immediately. In the incomparably dark space, Shi Yu barged in without knocking.

This time, there was a cocoon on Shi Yu’s shoulder. Shi Yu and the cocoon looked at the monster in front of them and smiled. “Queen, it has successfully fused with your bloodline.”

“Previously, because the Cosmic Sea was sealed, I didn’t have time to ask for the next step of evolution resources. Now, I finally have time…”

Shi Yu rubbed his hands, not looking like the cosmic emperor at all. It was mainly because the Worm Queen didn’t invade the Cosmic Sea and didn’t kick him when he was down. It was worth praising.

Everyone benefited from each other. If he wanted his evolution resources, the Queen would wait for Buggy’s feedback. No one would lose out.

“Hmph…” The Queen’s low voice sounded.” The fusion was indeed successful. Moreover, she arrogantly modified your bloodline. With your current achievements, I won’t say anything else. ”

“I hope you can abide by the contract. I’ll provide the evolution resources you want.”

Then, the Worm Queen also showed its sincerity. These cosmic treasures were actually prepared for Buggy long ago.

There were a total of three.

At this point, Shi Yu’s eyes lit up. Only then did he know what it meant to be generous.

Even Buggy’s breathing was a little rapid, although it didn’t have any breathing organs.

At their cosmic level, the World King had only given them one treasure. Even if the Dark King was beaten to death, he only obtained four. He had only extorted one from the Beastmaster…

As a bystander to all the wars, the Worm Queen directly gave three.

Including pseudo cosmic treasures like the Queen Bloodline, there were four.

As expected, Shi Yu still had to get some kinship to be generous.

Of course, this was also related to the fact that the Worm Queen wanted repayment. After all, whether Buggy could break through to the cosmic level was closely related to whether it could reach the level of a cosmic overlord.

“Dragon Essence.”

“Space-time Jade Butterfly.”

“Heavenly Swamp Stone.”

“Among them, the Dragon Essence is a dragon race treasure born in the universe. It was once fought over by the dragons of two supreme cosmic races, but in the end, both of them were swallowed into my mouth. This Dragon Essence is one of the many delicacies I treasure. It’s expert dragon-element and can be easier to control than me.”

“The Space-time Jade Butterfly. Those who enter can enter the alternate space and time to accelerate their comprehension of the Space-time Law. Initially, I was worried that its spatial attainments weren’t enough to charge into the cosmic level, but when I saw the battle between you and the Dark King, I knew that I was overthinking. However, this should still be able to help it accelerate its evolution.”

“As for the Heavenly Swamp Stone… There are heavenly tribulations and heavenly lakes in the universe, but the triggering conditions are even more harsh. Using the Heavenly Swamp Stone can make the universe send down the Blessing of Grace. Perhaps it has a chance of increasing the success rate of its evolution breakthrough.”

“These resources can now be devoured by it, who has mastered the Ultimate Devour. However, it will probably take a long time to digest them. I hope you can succeed in the end.”

The Worm Queen took out three of her treasures. Shi Yu suddenly felt that apart from the cosmic overlord, it was the richest.

After all, it was said that the Worm Queen was the culprit behind the destruction of all the “cosmic races”. The foundation of so many supreme races in the universe had all been accumulated on the Worm Queen. Even if some of them had already been extorted by the cosmic overlords, there should still be a lot left.

“Thank you. If Buggy really reaches the cosmic level in the future, you will definitely be rewarded,” Shi Yu said. After thanking the other party for his generosity, he left the Worm Mother Nest with Buggy.

At this point, he had already obtained benefits from the four cosmic levels.

As for the cosmic overlord… After Shi Yu broke through to the cosmic level, he still felt that this guy was unfathomable.

Perhaps, if he increased the battle power of the Super Empress and used the full battle power of the two eras system, he could fight a cosmic overlord evenly, but it was hard to say.

Therefore, it had nothing to do with him in the first place, so Shi Yu didn’t ask for the congratulatory gift to avoid hitting a wall.

However, just as Shi Yu returned to the Milky Way, he was slightly stunned. He discovered that a battleship of the cosmic overlord army had entered the Milky Way range.

Moreover, the person on this battleship seemed to be the secretary of that cosmic overlord or something. Shi Yu had learned about him from Goddess Wa.

Could it be that the other party came…

“What’s the matter?” Shi Yu crossed countless light years and his voice landed in the battleship.

In the battleship, Katney was stunned. “Lord Shi Yu… On behalf of the cosmic overlord, I’m here to send a congratulatory gift for you to become the Milky Way Overlord.”