Chapter 1914 - Chapter 1914: Space Bandit (2)

Chapter 1914: Space Bandit (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Editor: Atlas Studios

After the war ended, the World King sent a voice transmission to Shi Yu, indicating that it was really going to sleep for a while. It hoped that when it woke up, it could see Shi Yu turning the Contaminated Land into a new environment.

After Shi Yu and the World King asked about the Beastmaster, they made the World King sleep in peace, indicating that they would continue to maintain the peace of the universe…

In order to prevent the universe from being destroyed and to protect the peace of the world, the first stop was the Behemoth Empire!

As Shi Yu arrived, his cosmic power instantly swept through the entire starry sky.

Bang!

The group of behemoth nobles instantly felt as if they were facing a great enemy. They felt that the scythe of the Death God was quietly arriving. Even the super divine level cosmic behemoth was panting crazily at this moment. It was pressed to the ground by Shi Yu’s aura with a shocked expression and couldn’t get up.

Shi Yu held the stick formed by Bu Lu like a primeval ferocious beast, as if a stick could shatter the universe. His aura was extremely terrifying.

Just like that, he maintained the aura that suppressed the entire Behemoth Empire and displayed endless determination before arriving at a certain star domain.

With a swing of his arm, Shi Yu pointed at the stars.

“Beastmaster, I’ll give you three seconds to come out. Otherwise, I’ll blow up your country.”

After arriving at a starry sky, Shi Yu spoke, as if he was talking to someone or muttering to himself.

A moment later, a low voice came from the starry sky.

“Milky Way Overlord, what do you want?”

“I’ve already broken the alliance with the Dark King and admitted my defeat. Could it be that you want to exterminate us?”

“Do you think I’ll be like the Dark King?”

Originally, among the five cosmic levels, the cosmic overlord was undoubtedly the strongest. The other four had their own divine powers, but in terms of battle power alone, the cosmic behemoth with the strongest body was undoubtedly the most valiant.

In comparison, the Dark King’s pollution was far less destructive to contestants of the same level.

Of course, even if the Beastmaster wasn’t weak, it could only admit defeat against two World Kings and the Super Empress.

At this moment, the Beastmaster calling Shi Yu the Milky Way Overlord basically meant that it had already acknowledged Shi Yu’s status and strength. It was very submissive, but it also vaguely threatened not to let Shi Yu go overboard.

“You can admit defeat. Four cosmic treasures,” Shi Yu said.

“Impossible,” the Beastmaster said angrily.

Was Shi Yu a bandit?

Even countless years ago, it had a conflict with the cosmic overlord, Cypos. The two parties fought, and the other party only snatched two cosmic treasures. Shi Yu, on the other hand, opened his mouth and said four… He was simply worse than Persia.

“Three,” Shi Yu said.

It was mainly because he didn’t want to fight the Beastmaster for the time being. If he fought the Dark King, he would have the advantage of time, place, and people. He had yet to completely kill the other party. If he fought the Beastmaster now, with the other party’s star reincarnation ability, unless Shi Yu crushed all the planets in this universe, it would be very difficult to kill the other party.

In the end, he still hadn’t mastered the method of “100% annihilation of the cosmic level”.

“A cosmic treasure and some special high-level stars. You occupy the Contaminated Land. There aren’t many suitable life planets over there at all. I can provide them to you.”

“Just treat it as a celebration for the birth of a new cosmic emperor.”

The Beastmaster hit the nail on the head. The planet in the Contaminated Land had basically been destroyed by the Pollution Race. Even if it was cleansed, it was also a huge project to restore prosperity.

The cosmic behemoths of the Behemoth Empire ate planets as food and were the largest planet buyers of the cosmic overlord army. It could be said that the rare planets here, be it those that nurtured consciousness or those that didn’t, weren’t inferior to the Cosmic Sea in terms of quantity and quality.

When Shi Yu heard the Beastmaster’s words, he agreed with the other party and said, “A cosmic treasure and 500 high-level lifeless planets that involve rare sats such as space and time.”

“Sure.” As long as it wasn’t a cosmic treasure, although special high-level planets were also rare, the Beastmaster didn’t think much of it. At most, it would let its subordinates tighten their belts with their tails and suffer for a while.

“I like honest people.” Shi Yu smiled and said, “Alright, give me the cosmic treasure too. I hope you won’t use a low-level cosmic treasure to deceive me…”

“I’m a very picky person.”

After Shi Yu finished speaking, a planet turned into an eye and opened. Space and time shattered, and a huge golden-haired giant ape appeared.

It looked at Shi Yu and also at the cloth in Shi Yu’s hand.

Bu Lu, who had turned into a stick, also looked straight at the Beastmaster. It could now confirm that the best choice it had made in its life was to follow Shi Yu.

As an unlucky person, he didn’t even dare to imagine that he could one day threaten the supreme throne of the Cosmic Behemoth Race.

“Take it.” In the face of Shi Yu’s words, the Beastmaster couldn’t be bothered with him and directly took out a ball of light.

“Sure, at least you’re smart.” Shi Yu smiled and stretched out his hand. The spiritual light flew towards him.

This cosmic treasure should be equipment that could be integrated into mental consciousness and strengthen mental consciousness to a very terrifying level.

Before Shi Yu came, he had asked the World King about it. Most of the collections of Beastmasters were weapons. For example, weapon-type cosmic treasures born from the universe. Apart from that, there were also cosmic treasures like the Spirit Light that strengthened the mind.

Compared to the physical body, mental strength should be the weakness of Beastmasters. Now that he had taken out the mental light, it looked like he had cultivated a mental trump card and no longer needed this.

As for this thing, it wasn’t useless… In fact, among the cosmic treasures in Shi Yu’s team, only Buggy could really perfectly display their effect.