Chapter 1912 - Chapter 1912: Milky Way Overlord

Chapter 1912: Milky Way Overlord

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Editor: Atlas Studios

Shi Yu successfully sealed the Dark King, but the price he paid was huge.

This price was actually indirect.

In order to successfully seal the Dark King, Shi Yu and the others had no choice but to use Qi’s power to travel through space and time in this era.

After transmigrating, Shi Yu sensed that the universe was even weaker. This was because the Time Sprite casually transmigrated through space and time, causing the lifespan of the universe to decrease!

Therefore, the greatest price Shi Yu and the others paid was to reduce the lifespan of the universe by hundreds of millions of years for no reason.

As a cosmic level that lived almost as long as the universe, it was indirectly equivalent to losing hundreds of millions of years of lifespan.

It wasn’t just Shi Yu and the others. The World King, the Beastmaster, the Worm Queen, and the others might have also been scammed for no reason. They might have to face the restart of the universe earlier.

Of course, if someone could become the guardian of the universe, the consumption of the universe this time could naturally be ignored.

Shi Yu, who had no intention of letting the universe restart naturally, was determined to become the holder of the universe. Therefore, he didn’t care much about the lifespan of the universe.

“Susu, how do you feel?”

Shi Yu stood in the starry sky. At this moment, the mecha form slowly disappeared, leaving only Susu beside him.

Susu was also floating in the starry sky. In this battle, its Star Sea Contract completely lost its effect. The entire Contaminated Land had been cleansed, and even the Dark King had been sealed. It was estimated that no cleansing Star Spirit Race would be born in the future.

Just as the Dark King had said, external forces were unreliable. Shi Yu and the others had only done this for one goal from the beginning to the end.

Cosmic level.

As long as Susu could break through to the cosmic level, everything was worth it.

At the cosmic level, unless the universe chose to restart this huge killing weapon, the cosmic level could almost be said to be on par with the cosmic will.

In Shi Yu’s opinion, after cleansing the entire Contaminated Land, Susu shouldn’t be far from the cosmic level.

“Ning.” Susu shook its head.

“Just a little more? From the looks of it, I’m afraid I have to completely cleanse the Dark King before I have a chance to reach the cosmic level,” Shi Yu said. “I’ll use the remaining source of extreme pollution on its body to temper my cleansing origin to the extreme!”

This way, it should be possible.

“Let’s go over there and take a look first.” Shi Yu thought for a moment and opened a spatial passage. He directly arrived at the Contaminated Land from the Behemoth Empire.

No…

“From today onwards, the Contaminated Land will change its name to the Milky Way. I’ll be the overlord of the Milky Way.” After arriving in the Milky Way, Shi Yu’s voice sounded in the ears of every expert who knew about this battle, making them take a deep breath, their expressions changing drastically.

It looked like the war had really ended. The battle between the Dark King and Shi Yu had completely ended with Shi Yu’s complete victory.

No one dared to be unconvinced that Shi Yu called himself the overlord of the Milky Way.

In the Milky Way.

In some civilizations that had been bitterly resisting the Dark King Army and had been enslaved by the Dark King Army and had yet to fall, countless experts knelt piously.

“All glory! Master of the Milky Way!” They submitted almost immediately and offered their faith.

In the Cosmic Sea.

Bing Ling, the Sun God General, the Observer, and the others also clearly knew that from this moment onwards, Shi Yu wouldn’t be a figure from the same dimension as them.

Of course, there was also a group of people who were paying attention to this battle at all times. They didn’t feel that Shi Yu was no different from before since he was already at the cosmos level.

In the cosmic battle, Shi Yu’s acquaintances were all sent to Blue Planet to be protected by the Super Empress, such as Lu Qingyi and Senior Panda…

In their opinion, Shi Yu had always been so unscientific. This scene had more or less appeared in their dreams. Now that it had really happened, it was very calm.

Overlord territory.

“Interesting. Katney, choose a gift and send it to the ‘galaxy’ on behalf of the cosmic overlord army,” Cypos, who was still a cosmic supreme master, said to his secretary.

At this moment, Katney was still in deep shock. When she heard Cypo’s words, she was slightly stunned. Then, she looked incredulous.

The stingy cosmic overlord was actually willing to give someone a gift??

Legend had it that it had always been the cosmic overlord who plundered “gifts” from others.

The Cosmic Sea, the overlord territory, the Worm Mother Nest, and the Behemoth Empire could be said to have acknowledged the orthodox nature of the Milky Way almost immediately, acknowledging that Shi Yu was the true seventh cosmic emperor in the universe.

Contracting a cosmic level and stepping on the “corpse” of the previous cosmic emperor to climb up… No new cosmic level was more valuable than Shi Yu.

At this moment, just by temporarily activating telepathy, Shi Yu could hear hundreds of millions of creatures. They muttered his name in shock, as if they were praying to a god.

“Next, we can move Blue Planet to the Milky Way and not fight for territory with the World King.” Shi Yu stood in the Milky Way, but before that…

He looked at the Void. As the Dark King was sealed, he saw the increase in dark matter in the Milky Way. They radiated from the cosmic magnetic field and affected the creatures in the Milky Way at all times.

Although there wouldn’t be too much pollution, it would subtly pollute the mind and heart, making the lives in the Milky Way more angry and passive. It was easy to nurture more dark sides.

As time passed, many Pollution Races might still be born.

Realizing this, Shi Yu said, “This guy is really difficult to deal with.”

“Or it can be said that the universe is also pursuing ‘balance’. It’s impossible for complete purity to exist.”

From the looks of it, Susu couldn’t cleanse the Contaminated Land at all. The remaining power of the Dark King had long been hidden in the universe and fused with the universe. It was impossible to guard against.

This power was probably also the key for the Dark King to break through the seal and revive. It had studied the universe and understood it.

Although the impact wasn’t very big, if they wanted the Milky Way to become a place where all races in the starry sky could move like the Cosmic Sea, Susu and Duckie might still have a huge project to do.

Shi Yu wouldn’t complain about the cosmic environment like the Dark King.

After all, the universe didn’t have true consciousness. All its behavior, be it restarting or maintaining the balance of the universe, was equivalent to a life body. In order to survive better, it was a process of self-regulation.

They were all fixed laws of the universe’s own operation.

This was also a huge difficulty for Shi Yu to contract the universe. If the universe really had consciousness, it would have the capital to negotiate with the universe. Unfortunately, the universe didn’t.

If he wanted to contract the universe, he had to contract it forcefully. Although if the contract was successful, the universe could escape the fate of continuous reincarnation, the life and death reincarnation of the universe was completely in the hands of others. Therefore, the universe couldn’t accept it easily. It would reject contractors very much.

At the thought of the bumps in the future, Shi Yu understood that the most important thing now was to nurture more pets to the cosmic level. Only then could he really be evenly matched with the cosmic will.

“Quack,” Shi Yu said. The blindfolded duck immediately appeared. It removed its eye mask and walked towards a spatial crack like an ascetic monk.

“Quack! (If I don’t enter hell, who will?)” Duckie said.

“Quack! (With my body, I’ll transform into the origin. When I return, Little Ji is nothing.)”

It recited a poem and directly entered the depths of the cold and silent dark universe. Looking at Duckie’s departing figure alone, Shi Yu and the others also sighed deeply. They hoped that Duckie could withstand it…

In the Beast Taming Space, Little Ji gritted its teeth.

This was both strengthening and bitter cultivation.

Although the Dark King had been sealed, the continuous pollution power born in the universe would still flow into its origin to help it recover and break through.

In order to prevent this situation, Duckie had to transform into a new pollution source here and absorb the pollution power of the entire universe.

It mastered the Eye of the Evil God and could see all the dark matter drifting in the starry sky of the universe. It could fight for nutrients with the Dark King.

Without these nutrients, the Dark King would become weaker and weaker in the sealed artifact. In addition to Susu’s continuous cleansing, it would be completely destroyed sooner or later.

During this process, the most dangerous one was Duckie. It wasn’t at the cosmic level yet, so it might lose its mind if it wasn’t careful. It wasn’t that easy to be the master of pollution.

Fortunately, it had a Beast Tamer and a Sea of Stars Sprite as its boss. It wasn’t a life-and-death trip. As long as it had enough willpower and patience to persist in this bitter cultivation, it would definitely obtain a considerable return.

Shi Yu’s idea was to let Susu further modify the Milky Way and make this place the cleanest place in the entire universe to satisfy Susu’s cleanliness.

He wanted to create ten, a hundred, a thousand, or ten thousand holy lands that could cleanse the mind and negative emotions here to decorate the universe.

However, Shi Yu also wanted to establish a special administrative area of the Pollution Race in the center of the Milky Way and let some Pollution Races like Duckie that could control their own strength have a paradise where they could stay and not be exterminated.

Regardless of whether Duckie could break through to the cosmic level, it would become the remaining king of polluted lives after the cleanup.

After the battle ended, Duckie entered the darkest spatial crack in the Milky Way and sealed itself here, absorbing the power of pollution.

Susu also swallowed the Dark King’s sealed artifact into its body in one go. It turned into countless starlight and fused into the Milky Way, turning into the Sea of Stars. It continued to cleanse the Dark King and the Milky Way with its body and protect Duckie.

Seeing that the two pets had found their path, Shi Yu, who had stopped in the starry sky, did what he should do after a battle.

He stared at the huge Milky Way. There were no secrets that could be hidden from him. “Let me see, apart from the cosmic virus and the pollution throne, what other treasures did the Dark King collect?”

It began to collect the spoils of war!

He hoped for a useful cosmic treasure.

As for cosmic treasures, Shi Yu was still in urgent need.

The most ordinary cosmic treasure was the source of transcendence. However, for super divines, unless they cultivated subordinates, this thing was no longer very useful.

Apart from the source of transcendence, cosmic treasures were rare.

Even peak super divines might not necessarily be able to come into contact with other cosmic treasures. This kind of thing was basically controlled by a few cosmic levels. Even if peak super divines held cosmic treasures, they were most likely bestowed by the cosmic level and could be taken back at any time.

Now, the evolution of Eleven, Buggy, and a bunch of other pets might use cosmic treasures as support materials. How could Shi Yu miss them?

Although the Dark King had hidden very deeply, Shi Yu was still relatively relaxed. He found the remaining four cosmic treasures of the Dark King in the other party’s spatial treasure vault.

“Is this guy poor or rich?”

For a moment, Shi Yu fell into deep thought. This was because he didn’t know that normally speaking, a cosmic level existence with a few cosmic treasures was considered qualified.

The World King had given him the Space-time Shadowless Sword. The former cosmic treasure, the Universe Tree, had also fallen into his hands through the hands of the observer. These two definitely wouldn’t be all the assets of the World King…

As for the Dark King, apart from those who had already been crippled in combat, there were only the four in front of him.

Shi Yu took out four treasures from the spatial treasure vault and watched as they floated in front of him.

“I still feel that it’s a little shabby. Perhaps it’s for my subordinates.”

In the Beast Taming Space, a group of little money-grubbers also watched.

“Wu…”

Among them, Ling was the first pet to react to one of the four cosmic treasures. She stared at one of the rhombus bones that looked like a “fossil” and said,

“Master, this, this…”

“Let me study this.”

“This bone might be from the previous era, or even the previous era. In short, a cosmic-level expert from a certain era failed to forcefully smuggle it in, but it successfully integrated into the universe and was born again in the form of a ‘cosmic treasure’ by the universe.”

“Oh? You want to still rely on the ‘machinery phantom beast system’ to attack the cosmic level?” Shi Yu asked. He didn’t know what race this bone would be and whether it matched Ling.