Chapter 1917 - Chapter 1917: The Arrival Of Shi Yu’S Daughter (1)

Chapter 1917: The Arrival of Shi Yu’s Daughter (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Editor: Atlas Studios

As the Dark King was sealed, the Contaminated Land changed owners and changed its name to the Milky Way. Blue Planet began to wander again.

Shi Yu had been waiting for this day and satisfied his bad taste.

Originally, Earth was in the Milky Way, but now, Blue Planet was finally in the Milky Way.

However, this Milky Way was countless times larger than that Milky Way.

Before Blue Planet stationed in the Milky Way, Little Zi was filial and beat them to it, occupying the best place in the Milky Way.

As the exclusive star of Shi Yu and the others, the place they stayed naturally couldn’t be bad. Otherwise, Little Zi was afraid that Shi Yu and the others wouldn’t sleep comfortably.

If nothing went wrong, Little Zi would also become a cosmic-level star in the future. After all, compared to other races, it was too easy for a planet to become a cosmic-level star. It just had to endure time.

Perhaps Little Zi would be the last to become a cosmic level in the team, but it definitely had the highest chance.

Therefore, apart from Shi Yu’s Beast Taming Space, Eleven and the others also had traces in Little Zi’s inner world. Eleven and the others had also built their residences. Although they didn’t plan to stay at the moment, they had to occupy a toilet first.

In other words, he would first get a piece of land and wait for Little Zi to break through before waiting for its value to increase.

As for the planets promised by the Beastmaster, they had also been transferred to the account. However, before using them to decorate the Milky Way, Shi Yu first chose a batch and refined them into weapons for his pets.

With money, he naturally had to arm himself first. As for the ordinary lives waiting for resources in the Milky Way, it was fine to suffer a little more. In any case, it had suffered for so long.

The creatures of the original Contaminated Land shouldn’t be so naive as to think that a new good person had come here… That was impossible. All development had to serve their side first.

“Next, you guys cultivate yourselves.”

“I’m going to pinch Eleven and Buggy’s evolution materials first.”

Before Shi Yu went into seclusion, he dispersed his pets. However, in order to avoid them lazing around, Shi Yu said, “It’s been a long time since I’ve organized the team internal competition. Ling, arrange for them to compete one last time before the cosmic level.”

“As for the reward, 10 cosmic experience vouchers will do,” Shi Yu said with a chuckle.

“Wu wu wu!!! (Team internal competition?!)”

As Shi Yu finished speaking, the pets were stunned. Damn, was he finally waiting for the next team internal competition?

Eleven, Buggy, and the others looked at each other.

As for the reward… 10-year cosmic experience voucher…

The pets roughly understood what it meant. Shi Yu had the ability to strengthen them to the cosmic level, but during this process of maintaining strengthening, Shi Yu would definitely consume energy. Therefore, without special circumstances, Shi Yu wouldn’t keep activating strengthening. He would become weak.

However, if anyone could get first place in the team, they could continue to be strengthened for 10 years and experience 10 years of the cosmic level. This experience was definitely very helpful in charging into the cosmic level.

After all, they had already experienced the true meaning of the universe level in advance, and it had been so long. As long as it wasn’t someone like the gem cat who didn’t improve, it would definitely be at the cosmic level in the future.

It could be said that the first place in the team this time would most likely be the first in the team to enter the cosmic level. The Super Empress didn’t count…

After Shi Yu finished speaking, the group of pets secretly worked hard. When the last team internal competition was still at the demigod level, everyone originally thought that the next one would be held at the divine level. In the end, they didn’t expect to wait until the peak of the super divine level…

“Wu!!” Buggy was depressed. Damn it, its current cocoon form… wasn’t complete.

“Yi.” Baby Ginseng was also depressed. It didn’t study the Anti-Teammate Fruit in this version.

The pets and planets were different, but no matter what, they wanted to make their ranking look better. Shi Yu had controlled them. None of the pets he tamed wanted to be destroyed or lie flat. It was pretty good.

“It’s good to know the pets in the team.”

Under Shi Yu’s gaze, the group of pets muttered and left. As for him, he began to enter seclusion with mixed emotions.

This time, Shi Yu didn’t know how long he would have to cultivate. Although his Beast Taming Talent, such as telepathy, had already reached the cosmic level, his Plundering Talent, his metal-element Strengthening Talent, his worm-element Strengthening Talent, and so on were still only below the cosmic level. They weren’t upgraded because of the breakthrough in realm.

Therefore, Shi Yu couldn’t deprive talents like Taiji and directly give them to Eleven.

Even if he could deprive the Taiji talent, it was still not enough.

Just having the Taiji talent definitely couldn’t perfectly strengthen Eleven of the Iron-eating Beast Race. Therefore, he had to fuse the Taiji Domain talent and the metal-element strengthening talent and materialize these abilities in the state of a piece of metal and give them to Eleven.

In other words, he wanted to forge Taiji Yin Yang Metal!

Then, he would let Eleven eat this metal as an evolution material.

Apart from that, there was also the Green Dragon Metal, Vermillion Bird Metal, Black Tortoise Metal, White Tiger Metal… Taiji, Four Symbols, and Eight Trigrams. This way, Eleven could undergo Chaos Origin Evolution.

And if he wanted to achieve this, Shi Yu had to cultivate metal-element strengthening, deprivation of talent, and so on to the cosmic level. Even with Baby Ginseng’s cultivation fruit, Shi Yu felt that this was also a huge project.

After all, Baby Ginseng’s cultivation fruit couldn’t care less about the universe level for the time being.

Apart from that, there was also Buggy that could devour things to evolve. Therefore, before it evolved, Shi Yu was also prepared to strip something out for it. For this, Shi Yu specially cultivated talents suitable for Buggy such as Worm Strengthening.