Chapter 1920 - Chapter 1920: The Arrival Of Shi Yu’S Daughter (4)

Chapter 1920: The Arrival of Shi Yu’s Daughter (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Editor: Atlas Studios

However, Shi Yu wasn’t in a hurry. He had already cultivated bitterly for 10 years. At most, he would cultivate bitterly for another ten years. In any case, cultivation was just sleep for him. It had been a dream for 10,000 years, and in reality, 10 years. Shi Yu had actually slept for god knows how long with the Empress’s help.

In the past 10 years, basically nothing big had happened in the outside world, and there was nothing that could attract Shi Yu’s attention. The pets were still accumulating their foundation for the universe level, and the Dark King had still not been cleansed.

Shi Yu originally thought that he would calmly experience another ten, twenty, hundred, or thousand years. He would gradually become like the old antiques he had encountered previously and become an “older generation figure”.

However, an unexpected thing brought slight changes to Shi Yu’s calm cultivation life.

More than ten years ago, a group of super divines from Blue Planet explored the ruins of Earth and obtained a baby.

That baby was a hope seed with cosmic aptitude created by the cosmic-level big boss of the previous era, Goddess Wa. With Shi Yu’s bloodline and a group of rare materials, it was known as the human with the strongest talent.

It was said that this baby needed to combine the bloodline power of a few human experts with potential on Blue Planet to revive, but this day…

She directly lived on her own.

“Are you my father?” The baby girl, who was less than half a meter tall, widened her eyes and stared at Shi Yu, who was a little annoyed.

“Holy shit, what’s going on?” Shi Yu cursed in his heart for a long time. He no longer had the calmness of a cosmic level.

In fact, he didn’t even have time to carefully sense the situation on her body.

Only the Empress, who had temporarily stayed here in the Beast Taming Space to assist Shi Yu in his cultivation, could tell what was going on at a glance.

“She should be from a certain parallel space, a certain parallel space. She has reached the cosmic level. She should have been possessed by consciousness now, just like how the Dark King went to other parallel spaces at that time.”

“Huh?” Shi Yu was stunned.

“Are you… really my father?” the baby girl repeated.

In fact, she had already sensed the bloodlines of both parties.

However, when Shi Yu’s cosmic-level consciousness possessed the baby Shi Yu, the person she saw made her doubt life.

Shi Yu looked at the young man in front of him in slippers, a panda casual short-sleeved shirt, and shorts. He looked weak and Enfeeble, and he was holding a medicine bottle. Her stomach hurt.

As the most beautiful and powerful female Beast Tamer in the era, the source of her bloodline was actually this appearance?

“What’s wrong with you?”

Shi Yu’s face darkened. He looked at the baby girl with a trembling hand and said, “Little guy, you casually transmigrated from other parallel spaces. You shouldn’t be here to scare me, right?”

“I can’t afford this shock.”

“I want… to ask for your help,” Shi Yu said.

The baby girl said, “Let me introduce myself first. My name is Shiyu. You should know my identity. I’m from a future parallel space. That space-time is a little special. It doesn’t have a close connection to other space-times, as if it’s blocked. The specific reason is very complicated to explain. It’s very difficult for other parallel spaces to sense its existence. In the future parallel space-time, the universe is encountering an unprecedented disaster…”

“Which five beasts revived you? Is that allowed?” Shi Yu didn’t seem to have caught the main point of the problem.

Shi Yu was also very helpless when he saw Shiyu, who hadn’t caught the main point of the problem.

“That space and time are a little special. You didn’t exist. Or rather, in that space and time, you failed to transmigrate and didn’t successfully awaken the memories of your previous life. In the 177th year of the alliance calendar, you already died in the breeding base of Icefield City because of your heart paralysis…”

“Because a certain historical node changed, giving birth to a completely different parallel universe, but it’s inextricably linked to other universes…”

“They died before leaving the breeding base???” Shi Yu paused. What the hell? Not only Shi Yu, but Eleven and the others were also stunned. What about them?? Did the situation of not encountering Shi Yu really happen?