Chapter 1928 - Chapter 1928: Space And Time Without Shi Yu (3)

Chapter 1928: Space and Time Without Shi Yu (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Editor: Atlas Studios

However, decades passed like a day. Baby Ginseng had even become a teacher under the recommendation of the gem cat, but it still didn’t give up its initial dream.

“Yi. (It couldn’t even evolve.)” Baby Ginseng looked at itself in the parallel universe and sighed slightly.

It wondered how it would feel if it still couldn’t change the fate of the supplement race after working hard for decades.

Fortunately, it had tried hard and had been working hard for its dream. Unfortunately, it didn’t succeed and couldn’t see any hope.

Baby Ginseng looked at Shi Yu.

“Sure.” Shi Yu nodded. He knew what Baby Ginseng wanted to do.

At the same time.

In the laboratory, Professor Ginseng of Ancient Capital University was still concocting the Skill Potion, but he failed again.

Just as Professor Ginseng sighed countless times, it was suddenly slightly stunned and looked at the table.

At the table, an experimental material that he had never seen before suddenly appeared.

“What’s this?” Professor Ginseng frowned in confusion and looked at the green seed.

It subconsciously touched it, and the moment it touched it…

A cultivation method information called the “Heavenly Emperor Scripture” that was exclusive to supplement races appeared in its brain, causing it to completely shut down.

It stood on the spot in a daze for a long time until it reacted and ran out of the laboratory crazily to observe its surroundings, but there was no one around.

“Yi. (Who is it? Why?)” Tears slid down the corners of Baby Ginseng’s eyes. It was very certain that this Heavenly Emperor Scripture was what it had imagined day and night. Why did it appear beside it in this form? Who was helping it?

Baby Ginseng’s fate made everyone sigh.

“Is that enough?” Shi Yu asked.

“Yi.” Baby Ginseng nodded. It understood itself. After working hard for so many years, it definitely didn’t want to reach the top in one step. Instead, it would continue to rely on its hard work and research to walk a new path.

That “Heavenly Emperor Scripture” was the most suitable thing for it. Baby Ginseng was confident that after it, who was in a parallel universe, took over the “Heavenly Emperor Scripture” it had created, it would definitely be able to cultivate it even more perfectly than it. In the end, it would also create the Heart of the Heavenly Emperor and shock the universe.

“Wu.” Buggy looked at Baby Ginseng in envy. How nice.

Although its fate was still bumpy, it had rich experience. In comparison, Buggy could already imagine itself. In its life, there was only one sentence that could be summarized.

“There’s really no other way in Buggy’s situation.”

“I won’t say anymore,” Shi Yu said.

“Wu.” Buggy in the form of a cocoon expressed that it didn’t mind. Even if it quickly withered in all parallel spaces, it didn’t matter.

At least, it would become a cosmic level and the strongest.

Buggy’s gaze revealed a determined expression as it kept urging, “Wu!! (Leader, how’s Leader?)”

The lifespan of iron-eating beasts was much longer than that of pandas on Earth. If nothing unexpected happened, Eleven in this space and time definitely wouldn’t die so easily.

“Eleven.” Shi Yu took a deep breath and looked in the direction of Ping Cheng in Icefield City.

He felt a little uncomfortable and couldn’t say anything for a long time.

“Wu wu wu.” Eleven expressed that it could accept it.

Shi Yu arrived at Ping Cheng in one step. The Iron Bamboo Breeding Base was still alive.

Of course, this wasn’t what shocked Shi Yu the most. What shocked Shi Yu the most was that Senior Panda’s experience in this space and time was actually like a proud daughter of heaven. What he did in the original space and time was almost repeated by Senior Panda in this space and time.

“Lin Xiuzhu, genius Iron-eating Beast Feeder. She joined forces with Senior Lu Qingyi of Ancient Capital University to crack the Iron-eating Beast Ruins and discovered the evolution method of the Iron-eating Beast. Her name spread throughout the Dong Huang Feeding World.”

“Many years later, he joined forces with Lu Qingyi of Ancient Capital University to explore an era ruin called the ‘Chi You Ruins’ and obtained the Iron-eating Beast cultivation method of the last era. From then on, he soared into the sky and was heavily nurtured by Blue Planet. He was one of the most dazzling geniuses of Blue Planet’s generation.”

“Now, I’ve also reached the super divine level.” Shi Yu had a strange expression. He felt that with him around, his acquaintances were doing pretty well.

Apart from the gem cat, it looked like this guy was really lazing around.

“Wu wu wu.” Upon hearing that the big sister was actually doing so well, Eleven’s eyes lit up. Not bad.

“Eleven, don’t be sad about what I’m going to say next,” Shi Yu said. “Sigh, I said a long time ago that you were too hardworking.”

Eleven: QAQ

“Originally, there was nothing wrong with you. Your awakening and hardening were slower, and your congenital body was weaker. It was just that the royal bloodline was too strong…”

“If you do nothing, perhaps when Lin Xiuzhu rises and when the spiritual energy recovers, you can also change your fate with her.”

“But why are you so disobedient?” Shi Yu couldn’t help but say, even a little angry.

“In this space and time, you weren’t chosen by any Beast Tamer until the end. Because of this, you trained even harder. When the Feeder was accidentally negligent and didn’t watch over you, you…” Shi Yu shook his head. “Because of the overload of training, your injuries were more serious. It didn’t take long for you to lose your vital signs.”

“Even if it was resuscitated later, it couldn’t be saved…”

When Shi Yu finished speaking, the entire team was stunned. No one expected that the leader of this space and time would actually die young.

They looked at Eleven in unison. If Buggy, Susu, and the others had long expected their fate and knew that their fate was irresistible, but Eleven actually died from overload because it was born weak and trained too hard. No teammate could accept this and felt that Eleven shouldn’t have such an outcome.