Chapter 1926 - Chapter 1926: Space And Time Without Shi Yu (1)

Chapter 1926: Space and Time Without Shi Yu (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Editor: Atlas Studios

Now, Goddess Wa, who was in charge of the cosmic overlord army, and the cosmic overlord who had fought the God of Destruction until both parties were injured, would never have thought that Shi Yu and his daughter would directly start to covet the treasure vault of the cosmic overlord army.

It could only be said that the bloodline of the Shi family was too powerful. Even Goddess Wa couldn’t cleanse it.

“Sigh…”

At this moment, Shi Yu was already walking on the street of Dong Huang on Blue Planet. In this familiar and unfamiliar city, Shi Yu didn’t dare to look at Eleven and the others in this space and time.

However, it wouldn’t take long. With the mentality of changing a fate, Shi Yu still said, “Before Shiyu is ready, let’s walk around.”

In Shi Yu’s Beast Taming Space, pets sat on their planets and looked outside. They nodded.

Shi Yu stretched out his hand, and the traces of the pet’s power leaped onto his fingertips. “Bu Lu, the traces of your life have completely disappeared in this space and time. My condolences.”

Shi Yu searched them one by one. In the Beast Taming Space, when the little monkey Bu Lu heard Shi Yu’s words, it was like a bolt from the blue.

“Oh, this, but I’ve long expected it. I’m so unlucky. If a disaster happens in this universe, I’ll definitely be the first to bear the brunt.”

“Ji.” Buggy shot out a worm silk hand from the cocoon and patted Bu Lu’s shoulder. Don’t be sad, it must have died long ago!

Without Shi Yu, with the Green Silkworm’s average lifespan of about a year… it would be difficult for it to defy the heavens.

Even if it had reincarnated, it would probably have died countless times. Moreover, it was a little green worm, so it was impossible for it to reincarnate.

“Haha, I’m kidding. You still seem to be sleeping somewhere in the overlord territory and aren’t dead. Your life is pretty strong.”

Bu Lu: “?”

Buggy: “?”

“As for Shorty, I can sense the fluctuations. Moreover, it’s in Ancient Capital City. It’s probably living like Teacher Ying in Ancient Capital University. In comparison, it’s not bad.”

“Meow!! (Unfortunately, there’s no Shi Yu’s special battle team in this space and time. My life must have lost its light.)” Shorty felt pity.

What was the point of a life where it couldn’t chase celebrities? It felt that with its high standards, it shouldn’t worship others.

“Little Quas and Turtle are also living normally in Dragon Palace City. You guys have no problem,” Shi Yu said. The few he contracted later had some status.

Unlike Buggy and the others, who were directly grassroots.

Therefore, it wasn’t bad for Shorty, Turtle, and Little Quas to still be able to live comfortably.

“Hu.” “Wu.” Turtle and Little Quas sighed slightly. They didn’t know what developments they would have in Tiny Dragon Palace City.

However, on second thought, there definitely wouldn’t be much achievement. After all, they would be without Shi Yu.

This was the greatest sorrow of this parallel universe.

Otherwise, if Shi Yu was around, there was no need for him to run to other parallel universes to find external help. Shi Yu could definitely directly solve it.

“As for Little Zi, you’re living pretty well.”

“Mi.” Upon hearing Shi Yu mention him, Little Zi chuckled.

As they were relatively close, Shi Yu looked at the starry sky and could clearly see a purple divine-level star hanging in the starry sky.

That should be Little Zi…

Shi Yu looked back and could confirm that because no one had passed the Void Mantis’s test in this space and time, the Void Mantis directly left with Little Zi’s egg.

When the Void Mantis passed by Inatella on its trip, the World Tree sensed Little Zi’s specialness. Therefore, with the agreement of the Void Mantis, it kept Little Zi’s egg and personally hatched it, taking it in as a goddaughter and nurturing it near Blue Planet.

Therefore, Little Zi in this space and time was actually Blue Planet’s goddaughter.

At this moment, compared to Shorty and the others, Little Zi was even more comfortable. It was born with a golden spoon in its mouth.

Seeing that they were all good, Shi Yu was relieved.

“What about me?” Qi said in anticipation.

“Uh.” From Qi, Shi Yu was a little silent.

“You should have died directly in the Mythical War in this space and time. Due to the speciality of space and time, the space and time barrier of this space and time is especially difficult to transmigrate. The ability of the Time Sprite has plummeted.”

“Ah.” Qi was shocked and a little aggrieved. “Why is that?”

“Don’t be sad. Duckie is as miserable as you. It was… After the Mythical Revival and awakened the abyssal abilities of its previous life, it was directly crushed by the powerful creatures on land…”

Shi Yu couldn’t help but say. This guy didn’t learn in his previous life, but it still didn’t learn in this life.

He had just awakened the memories and power of the Abyss Demon Duck in his previous life in the form of a Duckbill Beast and directly thought that he was that ocean overlord. As expected, he was shattered by the powerful creatures on land.

“Quack!!” In the Beast Taming Space, Duckie was also shocked. Were it and Qi so miserable?

“Roar, roar, roar.” Little Ji comforted Duckie. It couldn’t be helped. It was normal for it to not be able to defeat ground creatures.

“Quack!!” Duckie felt that Little Ji wasn’t comforting it, but gloating!!

“Quack. (You probably weren’t even born, right?)” Duckie said.

At this point, Little Ji was stuck and stood on the spot in a daze. Damn, it was still waiting. Shi Yu was narrating its growth experience in this space and time. In the end, it turned out that its self in this space and time hadn’t been created at all?

Yes, if not for Shi Yu, there wouldn’t be a mechanical phantom beast, nor would there be it.