Chapter 1929 - Chapter 1929: Space And Time Without Shi Yu (4)

Chapter 1929: Space and Time Without Shi Yu (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Editor: Atlas Studios

In their opinion, Eleven shouldn’t have died like this. At least, it had to become a relatively stronger Iron-eating Beast.

“Sob…” Eleven was stunned for a moment before lowering its head slightly. Then, it walked out of the Beast Taming Space and looked at the Iron Bamboo Breeding Base. After watching for a while, it finally sighed and climbed onto Shi Yu’s shoulder.

Perhaps this was fate. Fortunately, it encountered Shi Yu and Shi Yu took it away.

“I want to see Senior Panda,” Shi Yu said.

Just now, he had crossed countless times with a glance and seen the situation that happened at that time. He saw the situation of Eleven dying from excessive training. Of course, he also saw other scenes.

He saw a girl lying in front of the hospital bed and crying loudly. In this space and time, someone was very sad and blamed himself for not looking after Eleven. This person was naturally the breeder of the Iron Bamboo Breeding Base, Lin Xiuzhu.

Shi Yu didn’t know if Senior Panda, who had already become a super divine expert, still remembered that weak number eleven Iron-eating Beast. However, Shi Yu felt that perhaps he should let her know that in another parallel universe, this number eleven Iron-eating Beast was actually living very well.

Ping Cheng, Bamboo Stone Dojo.

Now, the Bamboo Stone Dojo that had already opened branches all over Blue Planet was undoubtedly a very powerful super divine faction in the entire starry sky.

Lin Xiuzhu, who had inherited the cultivation system of the previous era, wasn’t easy to deal with. He had always been dedicated to letting the Iron-eating Beast Race strengthen and become the strongest race.

At this moment, the headquarters of this Bamboo Stone Dojo no longer recruited apprentices. It had purely become Lin Xiuzhu’s own training and residence.

“Who are you?”

In the dojo, Lin Xiuzhu, who was wearing a battle suit and completely didn’t ignore his battle skills, was training with his Iron-eating Beast.

She realized that the door of the training hall was opened and looked over slightly.

A young man with a Tiny Iron-eating Beast on his shoulder walked in. The clothes this young man was wearing were also Iron-eating Beasts…

An apprentice from Bamboo Stone Dojo?

Lin Xiuzhu was surprised that the other party could enter this place. After all, not everyone could pass through the barrier in the outside world. Anyone could pass through without her reacting.

“Wuu!!” Senior Panda’s Iron-eating Beast, Flower, also looked at Shi Yu and Eleven fiercely.

“Eleven.” Shi Yu gave the order. Eleven leaped out of Shi Yu’s shoulder and punched Lin Xiuzhu and the others.

“Kid, do you know what you’re doing?” Seeing the other party directly attack, Lin Xiuzhu narrowed her eyes. Her Iron-eating Beast also took a step forward and resisted Eleven’s attack.

The fists of both parties collided, and the two Iron-eating Beasts stopped in midair at the same time. In the next moment, with a bang, Lin Xiuzhu’s Iron-eating Beast’s strength was “slightly” weaker and it was directly sent flying!!

Hu!!

Flower cried out in pain.

“Hey, no way.” At this moment, Lin Xiuzhu was stunned and couldn’t believe it. After all, her Iron-eating Beast was a perfect god. In her understanding, anyone who could defeat her Iron-eating Beast, even Emperor Wu Dong’s Iron-eating Beast, couldn’t!

“Wuu…” Lin Xiuzhu’s Iron-eating Beast was sent flying. It stood on the spot in pain and looked at its opponent fearfully.

He also told the Beast Tamer that the other party was very dangerous.

“Who exactly are you?” Lin Xiuzhu became serious.

But in the next moment, Lin Xiuzhu suddenly realized something and said, “No, what did you call your Iron-eating Beast just now? Eleven?”

She looked at Eleven carefully. Lin Xiuzhu had a deep impression of the number Eleven. That was the first mistake she made not long after she became a family breeder. It had always been a pain in Lin Xiuzhu’s heart to make a hardworking little Iron-eating Beast lose its life.

This Iron-eating Beast was actually also called Eleven…

“Sob. (Big Sister.)” As Eleven spoke, a familiar voice sounded. Lin Xiuzhu was completely stunned on the spot.