Chapter 1924 - Chapter 1924: Special Parallel Space (4)

Chapter 1924: Special Parallel Space (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Editor: Atlas Studios

After Shi Yu appeared, he was slightly stunned. Although he realized that the environment was very different from the Ancient Capital in his memories, this place should be the Ancient Capital.

In addition, this Blue Planet looked very peaceful. It should be as Shiyu had said, protected very well by Goddess Wa and not involved in the disaster created by the cosmic God of Destruction.

Moreover, Blue Planet in this space and time had also reached the peak of the super divine level. Its development wasn’t bad. There were many super divine auras on the planet, and it was also a large faction with more than one-star super divine auras…

“Who is it!”

At this moment, as Shi Yu arrived, two terrifying auras suddenly rose in the Ancient Capital.

Shi Yu didn’t hide his arrival, nor did he deliberately release his aura. Therefore, an expert immediately discovered him in the Ancient Capital.

In Ancient Capital University, a female Beast Tamer in a black trench coat with beautiful tea-colored long hair was catching up with a cat-shaped creature with beautiful eyes like gems.

She looked to be in her thirties and emitted a mature charm. The cat didn’t look simple either. Although it looked like a pet, ordinary pets definitely didn’t have such a noble aura.

At this moment, the female Beast Tamer in the black trench coat suddenly sensed something and suddenly looked in a certain direction.

“Qingyi, what’s wrong?” the gem cat asked.

“A mysterious expert descended in the Ancient Capital,” Lu Qingyi said. “The aura is very mysterious. I can’t determine the other party’s strength. Who could he be?”

“Let’s go take a look.” With that said, the two of them flew into the sky.

On Lu Qingyi’s body, the aura of a super divine level emitted slightly, and on the gem cat…

“Eh.”

Shi Yu looked at the two “acquaintances” who had suddenly come in front of him. It could be said to be too f*cking surprising.

As the two parties were too familiar, Shi Yu even saw them and directly spoke.

“I’m dying of laughter. Why are you only at the divine level? No, you’re actually at the divine level.” Shi Yu wanted to laugh when he saw Teacher Gem Cat.

First, the gem cat that mocked this space and time was inferior to the cat in his space and time. In his space and time, the gem cat teacher was at the peak of the super divine level after all, yet in this space and time, the gem cat teacher was actually only at the divine level.

Then, Shi Yu felt that the divine level was already very impressive. After all, he didn’t exist in this space and time. Teacher Cat had mixed into the divine level… Well, it was already not bad.

“Who are you!!” The gem cat was furious when it saw this unknown young man in a panda suit.

It almost angered her to death.

Although the gem cat didn’t know this guy, it kept feeling that this guy was very annoying.

Was the other party… mocking her for being weak just now?

Ridiculous!!

As the inheritor of the Star Prayer Race, no one had mocked Blue Planet’s “star treasure” like this.

“Who are you?” At this moment, the future senior was looking at Shi Yu solemnly. She felt that Shi Yu seemed to know them.

“It’s more troublesome to explain who I am…” Shi Yu looked at his future senior. He was also very surprised that her future senior could actually be super divine.

She sensed an unusual aura from her future senior. The other party must have experienced hundreds of battles. Moreover… Shi Yu also sensed a very familiar wave. He had been cultivating this recently.

The senior in this space and time should have also obtained the Yue Maiden inheritance. If she had the talent to plunder and archeological talent, she would definitely be heavily nurtured by Goddess Wa. It seemed normal for her to be at the super divine level. Although she looked to be in her thirties, Shi Yu knew that the senior in this space and time was old enough to be a grandmother.

“Do you know Shiyu?” Shi Yu asked.

“Shiyu??” When Shi Yu mentioned this name, Lu Qingyi and the gem cat’s expressions changed. “Why are you looking for her?”

Of course they were familiar with Shiyu!

Shiyu was the most dazzling genius on Blue Planet! Most importantly, Lu Qingyi, was still one of the super divines who had revived Shiyu back then. 20 years ago, she, who had just reached the super divine level, was chosen by Goddess Wa to become one of Shiyu’s “godmothers”. It could be said that Shiyu’s growth experience was watched over by their generation.

“I know her. That’s easy,” Shi Yu said. “Why didn’t I sense where she was? She hid pretty well.”

“Let me introduce myself. I’m Shiyu’s father. Do you know that she invited me over… Well… Looks like I don’t know.”

Lu Qingyi and the gem cat: ???

The two of them felt that the person in front of them was definitely crazy!