Chapter 1921 - Chapter 1921: Special Parallel Space (1)

Chapter 1921: Special Parallel Space (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Editor: Atlas Studios

Shiyu began to tell Shi Yu about the situation in the future parallel space he was in.

In that space and time, Shi Yu had long died from mental pressure and heart paralysis in the staff dormitory of a pet breeding base in Icefield City.

On Blue Planet in that space and time, there was no transmigrator Shi Yu at all. There was no genius archeologist Shi Yu from Bureau 11. A monster that was enough to change the structure of the universe died in such a small dormitory.

However, although there was no Shi Yu, the torrent of history still had to advance.

As a parallel universe, many things were similar, but many things were also different.

Similarly, for example, the five cosmic levels didn’t change, nor did the Mythical War.

A creature named Goddess Wa still obtained the inheritance of Goddess Wa and rose in the universe to manage the cosmic overlord army.

However, at a certain historical node, this space and time changed again. After Goddess Wa left the cosmic overlord army, although she also failed to break through to the cosmic level, the backlash she suffered was much lighter.

This allowed her to recover earlier. After recovering, Goddess Wa returned to Blue Planet and helped Blue Planet recover its Restoration and Mythical Revival in advance. She did what Lin Feng, the Space Emperor, and the others originally wanted to do.

Moreover, in order to explore the ruins of Earth, Goddess Wa also began to cooperate with the Blue Planet’s Will to revive geniuses and nurture humans. Under Goddess Wa’s return, it didn’t take long for many super divine humans to be born on Blue Planet in this space and time.

The ruins of Earth were naturally opened. She, Shiyu, was discovered at this time.

In this space and time, although Shi Yu couldn’t transmigrate, the daughter of Shi Yu, who was regarded as a spark of hope in the previous era, transmigrated.

Moreover, it was successfully revived by the Blue Planet bloodline in this space and time.

Under the protection of Goddess Wa, Blue Planet’s rise was unstoppable. As Shi Yu’s daughter appeared, Blue Planet’s momentum became even fiercer.

It only took 18 years. When Shiyu was 18 years old, she reached the peak of the super divine level and was ranked at the quasi cosmic level.

It could be said that she was undoubtedly the strongest genius in the starry sky of the universe.

Until here, everything was still very normal. Although there was no Shi Yu, the most dazzling new star in the universe had become his daughter, Shiyu. It wasn’t bad.

However, as Shiyu grew, she came into contact with more and more secrets.

As Shi Yu listened, his expression changed from calm to surprise.

This was a relatively special future parallel space.

It was special because of two unexpected guests.

Because these two unexpected guests made this space-time isolated from other space-times, as if it was blocked.

The first unexpected guest was the culprit behind this spatial confusion.

According to the investigations of the various cosmic levels in this space and time, this unexpected guest was a Time Sprite from the tenth era!

The way the Time Sprite transmigrated through space and time was extremely crude, directly causing the space and time it descended into to collapse.

The most detestable thing was that it even failed to transmigrate. After it arrived at the 11th era, there were no longer any traces of life, making it impossible for the few cosmic emperors to punish it.

According to Shiyu, this Time Sprite was a guy with the appearance of a rabbit. It was suspected to be a cosmic-level Time Sprite!

[F*ck.] Upon hearing this, Shi Yu, the Empress, and the others looked calm on the surface, but their hearts exploded.

Even the Super Empress wasn’t calm at this moment.

[Could this Time Sprite from the 10th era be the one that gave us the inheritance?]

[Mm…] The Empress felt that it was very likely.

[No wonder I didn’t see it in this space and time. So it ran to another time. However, in a sense, it still failed.]

[In addition, didn’t it rely on taking medicine to temporarily reach the cosmic level? Is this a breakthrough during the process of transmigrating space and time?] If it was only a cosmic level that took medicine, it was impossible for the cosmic level of this era not to discover that it was only at the peak of the super divine level. It had probably broken through during this process.

Shi Yu and the Empress communicated in their hearts. They never expected that the culprit who made the future parallel space special and independent as if it had been blocked was “Senior Jade Rabbit”.

They continued to listen to Shiyu’s introduction.

If only the Jade Rabbit of Time was an unexpected guest, this space and time could still withstand it, but…

The other unexpected guest was the source of the disaster that would cause a crisis in the future space and time!

It was still a transmigrator.

“It calls itself the ‘cosmic god of destruction’.”

“It should be from the first era. It’s the first batch of cosmic life forms to resist the reboot of the universe.”

“We don’t know how it crossed the other eras and directly came to the 11th era. However, it might be the first life form in history to transmigrate to the universe after reboot in a complete state.”

“It’s very powerful and retained its strength. The most terrifying thing is that just like its name, as an expert who resisted the reboot of the universe, its goal is also to destroy the universe.”

“Why are there so many dangerous elements?” Shi Yu had a headache. “So, the crisis of the future space and time is a cosmic level that crossed ten eras from the first era?”

“That’s not right. It’s just a cosmic level existence. Can’t you guys solve it yourselves?”

The baby girl, Shiyu, said, “It’s very strong, and its strength is even above that of a cosmic overlord. It broke the precedent of not being able to kill at the cosmic level. The Worm King, the Beastmaster, the Dark King, and the World King died in its hands one after another.”