Chapter 1923 - Chapter 1923: Special Parallel Space (3)

Chapter 1923: Special Parallel Space (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Editor: Atlas Studios

Shi Yu, who had the medicine on, seemed to have broken some seal. His aura changed drastically, making Shiyu slightly stunned. She felt that as a Beast Tamer, her father’s strength was definitely above hers.

No wonder the World King’s divination results said that Shi Yu was the best external help.

“So, can you get me into your space and time?” Shi Yu’s aura suddenly weakened again as he asked.

“This…” Shiyu said, “I can’t do it…”

“Forget it, leave behind a coordinate. I’ll think of a way myself. As long as it’s still this era… I should be able to pass,” Shi Yu said.

“Well…” Shiyu looked at Shi Yu. Although this was the first time they had met, she indeed felt a strong sense of security from Shi Yu. She said softly, “Thank you…”

“You’re welcome.” Shi Yu smiled. He sensed that Shiyu was very strong, though she might not be older than Eleven and the others.

When they saw Eleven and Buggy, they had to call them uncles.

Although Eleven was still very young from the perspective of a super divine level, compared to ordinary people, they were also “young people”.

In short, Shiyu should have a growth experience that was even smoother than his. He had probably accumulated a lot of pressure after encountering such a big thing in the universe he was in.

“It’s about time for me…” Shiyu said.

At this moment, Shi Yu suddenly felt that the other party’s aura had become much weaker.

“Don’t worry and go. I’ll be there soon,” Shi Yu said.

Then, under Shi Yu’s gaze, Shiyu’s aura disappeared bit by bit, leaving only a spatial mark on his body. It was the coordinates for Shi Yu.

After he left, Shi Yu first scratched his head and said, “Little ones, what do you think?”

“Wuuu!!! Wuuu!!” Eleven was the first to express its interest. Ah, it was about to die of boredom. It had stayed in this godforsaken galaxy for more than ten years.

“Wu!!” Buggy expressed its pity. It wasn’t at the cosmic level yet. Otherwise, it could solve whatever cosmic God of Destruction it was. Probably!

“If only the other party had come a little later,” Shi Yu said.

Now, although the pets in the team were much stronger than before, his cultivation had yet to be completed, and he didn’t let them start charging for the cosmic level…

This also caused the overall strength of the team to be far from the peak.

If there was a tough battle at this time…

Shi Yu looked at the Super Empress.

Everyone could be said to be very surprised by the sudden arrival of this guy who called himself Shi Yu’s daughter.

Especially the Super Empress.

“A variable?” Originally, it was already very peaceful to deal with the Dark King in this parallel space. However, he didn’t expect another guy who was enough to threaten the safety of the universe to appear in other parallel spaces.

Moreover, from the looks of it, not only did Shi Yu not exist in that space and time, but she also didn’t exist.

From Shiyu, it could be said that she didn’t mention the existence of the Super Empress at all.

“It’s indeed a variable.” Although Shi Yu was laughing and joking, the current Shi Yu also had a thoughtful expression. “Even a cosmic overlord isn’t his match. Empress, what do you think?”

“Can the two of us defeat each other together?”

“I might not be a match for a cosmic overlord in a one-on-one battle, but with your strengthening, I shouldn’t be weaker than it, or even stronger. In addition to the support of your other pets, the outcome is self-evident. If you can have other pets break through to the cosmic level again, the situation will be one-sided,” the Empress said directly.

“I’m relieved to hear that,” Shi Yu said. “The cosmic overlord of that space and time, Shi Yu, also has two cosmic battle power. This way, that God of Destruction shouldn’t be a threat. In that case, I’ll make a trip…”

“Qi and I should be able to lock onto the location of that space-time, but if our strength isn’t enough to break through space and time, we’ll need your help.”

“Alright.” The Empress nodded.

At this moment, everyone in the meeting came to a conclusion. After preparing, they would immediately head to the future space and time to deal with the cosmic God of Destruction, who might cause multiple parallel universe chain disasters.

After everything was ready, Shi Yu set off. Of course, before setting off, he left behind his consciousness clone to guard the Milky Way.

He used his actions to show his future daughter that his father was still his father.

When the other party came to this space and time, it could only possess its unborn body with a wisp of consciousness. However, Shi Yu and the others didn’t spend much effort to invade this blocked parallel space.

After confirming the coordinates, they might have only brewed for a few minutes before transmigrating.

There was no other reason than that Shi Yu’s team was too expert in the power of space and time. Firstly, Shi Yu himself had obtained the inheritance of the Time Jade Rabbit in his previous life and become a transmigrator who crossed an era. Secondly, Qi was a Time Sprite herself. Moreover, the Super Empress had harmed countless Time Sprites…

This also caused the spatial travel in the same era to be a piece of cake for Shi Yu and the others. This was also why the Dark King was so shocked when he saw Shi Yu easily descend into the space and time with his true body.

“Let’s go.”

Shi Yu really followed closely behind. Not long after Shiyu left, he set off for the future space and time.

In the future parallel space.

On the overlord territory, Blue Planet.

In the sky above the Ancient Capital of Dong Huang, a time hole appeared. Shi Yu naturally crossed from it to here.

“I’m at… the Ancient Capital??”