Chapter 1927 - Chapter 1927: Space And Time Without Shi Yu (2)

Chapter 1927: Space and Time Without Shi Yu (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Editor: Atlas Studios

“You…” Ling looked at Little Ji with a headache. Could it be that after upgrading the Abyss Anti-Poison System, it still affected its intelligence? Little Ji’s intelligence had long been upgraded, but from the looks of it, it still didn’t look high.

“Wearing is indeed a very terrifying thing.” Ling shook its head. Little Ji’s battle method was to sacrifice its intelligence in exchange for powerful strength. No matter how intelligent it was, it couldn’t withstand its violent battle skills gradually wearing down.

The stronger one was, the faster their intelligence would decrease.

It estimated that if it didn’t have daily maintenance and breakthroughs, although Little Ji was at the peak of the super divine level, it was very likely that in its later years, something bad would happen. Just like some relatively low-level mechanical lives, it would become demented.

“My words don’t exist either.” Compared to Little Ji, Ling was much calmer.

“It’s also a good thing. At least in this space and time, you don’t have to tire yourself out every day,” Shi Yu joked.

However, soon, everyone fell silent.

“Ning. (As for me, I should be dead too.)” Susu looked at the sea of stars and said calmly.

“I think so,” Shi Yu said. “At the slime stage, it was the last few reincarnations. After failing to awaken the power of the Blue Sea Sprite the last few times, it completely disappeared…”

“Ning. (It’s also very good. This is the best fate.)” Susu quickly understood. It had already helped Blue Planet’s life resist the abyss time and time again during Blue Planet’s sleeping stage. Now that Goddess Wa had returned, Blue Planet had awakened, and the abyss had been completely eliminated. After being tired for so long, completely returning to the sea might also be a fate.

After all, even the number one enemy of the Blue Sea Sprite and the cleansing star spirit in the starry sky of the universe, the Dark King, had been killed by the God of Destruction. Even if it lived, there was nothing to pursue.

“Sigh.” Shi Yu continued to search for Chi Tong’s traces, but soon, he was stunned.

“Mi.” Chi Tong saw that Shi Yu was stunned and immediately asked itself what was wrong.

Was it still unacknowledged in the heroic spirit ruins, or…

Even in a parallel universe, Chi Tong would rather still sleep in the heroic spirit ruins than be hatched by others.

“In this space and time, Chi Tong… you’ve already contracted with others,” Shi Yu said with a deep breath.

Chi Tong: “?”

“Mi! (No, go crush the other party!!)” Chi Tong was angry and couldn’t accept it.

“Don’t worry, don’t worry. The person who contracted you specially came to find you. It’s the Empress.” Shi Yu said with a strange expression, “After Empress Huang Xi was revived by the Blue Planet’s Will and Goddess Wa, she became your contractor.”

“Mi?” Chi Tong was stunned. It had contracted with its sister. That was still acceptable. If it were anyone else, it would have to shatter the other party and set itself free to be with Shi Yu…

“The Empress of this space and time seems to have also become a super divine.” Shi Yu sensed the aura of the super divine Empress in a mystic realm on Blue Planet. She was suspected to be in seclusion to cultivate.

Well… In his space and time, the Empress was the first in the new generation to step into the super divine level. In this space and time, the other party’s strength wasn’t bad either. Shi Yu had a strange expression. Wait a minute, could it be that the Empress of this space and time was also one of the mothers of Shiyu’s bloodline?

Damn, his seniority was in chaos, but forget it. As long as he didn’t think too much about it, his brain wouldn’t overload.

“In this space and time, the combination of the two of you is also very strong,” Shi Yu said. “If the sisters join forces, they will have cosmic aptitude in the future.”

“Uh.” Chi Tong curled its lips. Shi Yu was really boring. It didn’t even know how to enter the cosmic level now. Without Shi Yu, it was definitely impossible for Chi Tong to enter the cosmic level in parallel space.

“Alright.” Shi Yu sighed and said, “Baby Ginseng, I don’t know if you’re lucky or unlucky.”

“Yi.” Baby Ginseng’s eyelids twitched and it also sighed. It was already prepared to welcome its fate in parallel space.

“No matter which space and time it is, you still love to learn so much.” Shi Yu smiled.

This time, Shi Yu began to walk. He arrived at Ancient Capital University and outside a research room. Through the research room, Shi Yu and the others could clearly see that there was a ginseng baby in a research suit studying something carefully.

A ginseng baby’s life painting gradually appeared in front of Shi Yu and the others.

It also became a mutated ginseng baby.

He was also caught by Senior Sun of Bureau 11.

However, without Shi Yu, Baby Ginseng’s fate had changed greatly.

First, it was heartlessly used by Granny Sun as an experimental material. Although the honest ginseng baby didn’t want such a life, it could only be forced to accept it helplessly. After all, there was no choice.

Fortunately, Baby Ginseng’s EQ and intelligence were relatively high. In this space and time, during the experiments time and time again, Baby Ginseng made Grandma Sun happy, and the two parties established a pretty good friendship.

At the appropriate time, Baby Ginseng made a wish to Granny Sun.

It wanted to change its fate, and it wanted to learn. Grandma Sun wasn’t surprised by this, because from a long time ago, Baby Ginseng had loved to hold a branch as a Sword Dao gesture.

In the end, Grandma Sun gave it to Ancient Capital University. Baby Ginseng signed a 50-year contract with Ancient Capital University. During this period, it provided supplements as tuition fees. It would hold a position under Teacher Gem Cat and learn some knowledge.

It could be said that in this space and time, Baby Ginseng didn’t escape the fate of working for the gem cat teacher to create food.

After arriving at university, Baby Ginseng also studied hard, trying its best to have battle power. However, after decades, Baby Ginseng was more and more nourishing in the field of supplements. However, in terms of battle power, it was still extremely pitiful… It could be said that it had almost no battle power.