Chapter 1922 - Chapter 1922: Special Parallel Space (2)

Chapter 1922: Special Parallel Space (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Editor: Atlas Studios

Shi Yu:

“In fact, even Cypos couldn’t defeat it.”

“Of course, at the same time, making an enemy of the entire universe, the God of Destruction also paid a considerable price. Now that both parties are injured with the cosmic overlord, be it the God of Destruction or the cosmic overlord, they’re currently in the recuperation stage.”

“It can be said that the territory of a cosmic overlord is the last pure land in the universe.

The other places have already been turned upside down by it. Blue Planet received protection because of the relationship between Goddess Wa and the cosmic overlord.”

“If it weren’t for the protection of the cosmic overlord, it would probably have become a speck of dust in the universe.”

“I understand.” Shi Yu originally didn’t mind, but when he heard his future daughter’s words, he immediately understood the seriousness of the matter.

Killing four cosmic-level existences… It was killing them, not sealing them!

After all, he had only sealed the Dark King previously.

Just as Shiyu had said, the strength of this Cosmic God of Destruction was probably above that of a cosmic overlord.

Why were these powerful people all crazy? They wanted to destroy the universe at every turn…

However, Shi Yu thought about it from his position. If the universe wanted to restart and kill him and obliterate everything he was familiar with, he would probably hate the universe itself.

It was to avoid this situation that he wanted to become the holder of the universe.

“Then, how did you think of looking for me?” Shi Yu looked at her. “When did you cultivate to the cosmic level? Not bad.”

“You, your cosmic pet, and the cosmic overlord can’t defeat that guy together?”

Shiyu said, “The injuries of the cosmic overlord are far more serious than those of the God of Destruction. He might not be able to attack in the short term.”

“In addition, I don’t have a cosmic pet…”

Shi Yu:

“How did you break through to the cosmic level without a cosmic pet?”

“It’s the World King.” Shiyu took a deep breath and said, “Before Senior World King died, he used his last bit of strength to contract me and help me break through to the cosmic level.”

“After completing it, she died.”

“Before she died, she also predicted how to save this universe through the power of stars and astrology.”

“The answer she gave is the origin of my bloodline. She divined that in a certain space and time, your existence thinks that you can save this universe.”

“Therefore, I thought of a way to break through the limit and come here through my bloodline connection,” Shiyu said. “The cosmic overlord was heavily injured. I think I’m not a match for the God of Destruction. I can’t even find any traces of it now. When the God of Destruction recovers one step in advance, that space and time will probably be completely finished.”

“Hu…”

Upon hearing that, Shi Yu roughly understood the situation in the future space and time. He took a deep breath and felt a headache.

It was so troublesome…

He originally thought that he could easily slack off after reaching the cosmic level, but in the end, where did this transmigrator who was stronger than a cosmic overlord come from?

As expected, the greatest enemy of transmigrators was still transmigrators.

“If your space-time destruction happens, the other space-times will probably be greatly implicated,” Shi Yu said. Many parallel spaces still belonged to the large area of the 11th era. If one encountered destruction, the others would also have a chain reaction and encounter destruction.

This was what made Shi Yu feel troubled.

Shiyu said, “Well, the universe I’m in has long been unstable for many years. This is because these two special invading transmigrators should have had billions of years of lifespan left. Now, there’s not much lifespan left. At most, there are hundreds of millions of years. In addition, with the God of Destruction wreaking havoc, there are only two outcomes waiting for our universe.”

“One is the destruction of the God of Destruction. This way, the other parallel universes will also be implicated. The second is the universe restarting itself. This will also cause the other parallel universes to be implicated. Therefore, this is no longer a disaster of a single parallel universe, but a disaster of the 11th era.”

“You probably haven’t gotten a boyfriend yet, right?” Shi Yu suddenly looked at Shiyu and said.

Shiyu:

“No, why are you asking this?” Shiyu was angry. What the hell was this question?

Why did they go astray again?

Shiyu felt that her bloodline source was indeed so unreliable.

“It’s good that you don’t. Let me tell you, there are too many bad people in this universe. You can’t fall in love casually, especially a girl like you. You’re easy to deceive.” Shi Yu suddenly muttered. Although Shiyu wasn’t Shi Yu’s daughter, his blood was flowing in her body. It could be regarded as a bloodline daughter, so it was impossible for him not to care.

“Hey, hey, hey.” In Shi Yu’s Beast Taming Space, Chi Tong and the other pets immediately had a headache when they saw Shi Yu’s focus gradually deviate. Therefore, was this the reason why Shi Yu didn’t find a girlfriend? However, what was with this strong fatherly feeling?

Shouldn’t the focus now be that God of Destruction?

“I’m already the cosmic emperor!” Upon hearing Shi Yu’s lecture, Shiyu wanted to pull the other party onto the right track.

“Are you even listening to me?”

“I heard it, I heard it.” Shi Yu suddenly stopped and closed the lid of the medicine in his hand. Then, he took a deep breath and said,

“There’s really no other way. Since my daughter has crossed space and time to ask for help, as her father, I naturally have no reason not to help.”

“God of Destruction? It doesn’t matter. I’ll attack. Let me see how strong the guy who broke my quiet life is.”