Chapter 1925 - Chapter 1925: Father And Daughter Bureau (1)

Chapter 1925: Father and Daughter Bureau (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Editor: Atlas Studios

It actually dared to take advantage of a cosmic-level existemce!

“Kid, are you provoking a cosmic throne?” the gem cat said.

“As expected, you don’t believe me.” Shi Yu knew it.

“No one knows this nonsense…” The gem cat was just about to say something when suddenly, she and Lu Qingyi were slightly stunned and heard a familiar voice.

“Ying, Lu Qingyi, don’t be nervous. He’s indeed Shiyu’s father.”

“To be precise, Goddess Wa of the previous era used his bloodline to create Shiyu. This person is one of the most dazzling experts in the previous era.”

“He also transmigrated to the 11th era, but he didn’t come to this space and time.”

“It was Shiyu who worked hard to break through the spatial limit and invited him from other parallel universes to deal with that cosmic overlord.”

How could Lu Qingyi and the gem cat not be familiar with this voice? Wasn’t this the Blue Planet’s Will!!

As expected, when Shi Yu arrived, the Blue Planet’s Will also noticed Shi Yu.

“Is it the Blue Planet’s Will?” Shi Yu looked up slightly.

At this moment, as Shi Yu spoke, Lu Qingyi and the gem cat opposite him had already opened their mouths wide in disbelief.

Was this person really Shiyu’s father???

What a joke.

“Hehe.” Shi Yu smiled at them and said, “In my space and time, we’re familiar with each other, so you don’t have to be reserved. Senior Lu, Teacher Ying.”

Senior… Teacher…

“I’m also a student of Ancient Capital University, the archeology department.”

Before Lu Qingyi and the gem cat could be too shocked, the voice of the Blue Planet’s Will sounded again.

“Sir, because she transmigrated to space and time to contact you, she consumed too much energy and fell into a deep sleep. I wonder how long you can stay in this space and time.”

Shi Yu was stunned. Why was this child so weak?

Its consciousness could become weak after transmigrating through space and time? It was even inferior to the Dark King!

Not to mention his daughter.

Unless Teacher Gem Cat could really break through to the cosmic level, this title of the weakest cosmic level might have to be given to Shiyu.

“There are no restrictions on me,” Shi Yu said.

“Is that so?” The Blue Planet’s Will was secretly shocked. Shiyu’s bloodline father was indeed very strong. There were no restrictions on even transmigrating space and time.

“If there’s no problem, please hand her to me.”

“I’ll think of a way to wake her up quickly,” Shi Yu said.

It was still difficult if Shiyu was still weak. Shi Yu had nothing else here, but he had a lot of medicine.

“Sure.” In the face of Shi Yu’s request, Blue Planet didn’t refuse. “She has been moving in a spatial universe treasure and is also recuperating there. I’ll tell you the spatial coordinates.”

Soon, Shi Yu obtained the spatial coordinates of Shiyu’s location.

However, just as he was about to go, he recalled that there were two familiar faces here.

He looked at his senior and the gem cat teacher and smiled. “Then, I’ll leave first.”

“Wait, I want to talk to you. How can I find you later?” Lu Qingyi said.

“If I’m still free, I’ll come back and take a look,” Shi Yu said.

He wanted to see how Eleven, Buggy, and the others in this parallel space were doing…

It was a pity that they didn’t encounter him. For example, Buggy might have died long ago… If possible, he would take action to guide their fate.

“Goodbye.”

With that said, Shi Yu left.

The gem cat watched Shi Yu leave in silence and said, “This guy is actually real…”

“By the way, what do you want to talk to him about?”

“It’s nothing. I’m just more curious about the parallel universe and the 10th era,” Lu Qingyi said. “Aren’t you curious about your own situation in the parallel universe?”

“From what he said, Teacher Ying, your current situation is very different from in the parallel universe.”

“Ah, this.” The gem cat fell into deep thought. Forget it, who cared about her? No matter how powerful it was in the parallel universe, could it still go to the sky? It didn’t want to compete with it.

At the same time.

Shi Yu entered a special space. After arriving, Shi Yu clicked his tongue in wonder. “No wonder I couldn’t discover it. So there’s such equipment.”

He walked into this space. At first, there was nothing. As he walked further and further away, he quickly seemed to have entered a girl’s boudoir.

At this moment, the figure of a pet slowly appeared beside Shi Yu. Baby Ginseng looked at the center of the pink room filled with dolls and let out a cry.

At this moment, Shiyu was lying on the big bed. So this was how she recuperated.

“Baby Ginseng.” Shi Yu didn’t move on the spot, but the power of the universe had already augmented Baby Ginseng. In the next moment, the cosmic-level ginseng emperor healed Shiyu from afar.

After an unknown period of time, the sleeping beauty on the bed coughed dryly.

The other party was carved from the same mold as Shi Yu. If Shi Yu was extremely handsome, then the other party was extremely beautiful. She was a standard black-haired, black-eyed, and beautiful girl.

At this moment, Shi Yu opened his eyes and suddenly realized that Shi Yu was sitting on a chair not far away. He had his legs crossed and a ginseng baby on his lap. Both parties were looking at him.

“How long has it been?”

The moment she saw Shi Yu, the other party knew that Shi Yu had successfully transmigrated into space and time and arrived in her world.

“I said I would come, so I naturally will,” Shi Yu said. “But the problem now is that I didn’t sense the traces of the guy you mentioned.”

These guys were pretty good at hiding.

“The other party might have used the power unique to its era. It might have relied on the power unique to the first era to kill a cosmic-level existence,” Shiyu said with a shake of her head.

“You…”

“There’s no restriction on my words.” Shi Yu guessed that the other party wanted to ask how long he could stay in this space and time. Shi Yu replied to Blue Planet word for word.

“Forget it, it’s alright,” Shi Yu said. “There’s no need to be in such a hurry to find the other party. I just have to ensure that the next time the other party appears, I’ll block it.”

Shi Yu was naturally willing to take advantage of the other party’s weak state to find and kill him.

However, it didn’t matter if he couldn’t do it. He could also take advantage of this period of time to continue cultivating. If there were any results and Eleven, Buggy, and the others entered the cosmic level, the chances of victory could also increase.

“I’ll stay in this space and time until the other party appears. Or I can leave enough consciousness in this space and time to ensure that I can arrive immediately.”

“Are you really confident of defeating the other party?” Shiyu hadn’t suspected Shi Yu previously. At this moment, as Shi Yu’s true body arrived, Shiyu couldn’t help but ask again.

After all, even a cosmic overlord wasn’t his match…

“Regardless, I have to fight.” Shi Yu was amused. “Why, do you want to test my strength? I’m free, so I don’t mind having a father-daughter battle with you.”

“Wuuu!!!”

After Shi Yu finished speaking, Eleven and the other pets in the Beast Taming Space were excited.

Fighting a cosmic Beast Tamer, they requested to fight and beat up Shiyu’s pet!!

Shiyu broke through to the cosmic level by contracting a World King above her level. However, the World King quickly died. Now, her normal pet should only be at the peak of the super divine level.

“Is this alright?” Shiyu’s face darkened.

“Didn’t you also rest?” Shi Yu smiled and said, “But compared to that, I have other things to ask.”

“Actually, I’ve always been interested in what you said previously about the transmigrator of the 10th era, the Time Sprite in the form of a rabbit,” Shi Yu said. “You said that she failed to transmigrate. May I ask if she left any traces in this space and time?”

“You’re interested in her?” Shiyu was stunned. “That’s true. After all, we’re all from the 10th era.”

“Do you know her other identities? In this era, we only know her race, appearance, and nothing else about her other experiences.”

“Although she failed to transmigrate, her true body also descended into this era. However, she has already been completely washed into a complete fossil by the traces of time.”

“Fossil??” Shi Yu was shocked, as if he had triggered some keyword.

“Yes, a fossil that no longer has any traces of life.”

“Do you know where this fossil is?” Shi Yu asked. “Is this fossil still preserved?”

Shiyu was stunned. “Probably. In the beginning, this fossil was obtained by Lord World King. Later on, it flowed into the hands of a cosmic overlord.”

“Now, it might be one of the collections of the cosmic overlord army…”

“Now that the cosmic overlord is recuperating, Senior Goddess Wa is in charge of the cosmic overlord army. If you want to see it, ask Senior Goddess Wa. You should be able to find it.”

Shi Yu said, “Interesting. Good daughter, I came to help you fight. There has to be some reward, right? What do you think of this fossil?”

Shiyu: “?”

Why, it wasn’t the first time she felt that Shi Yu was a little out of place! Now, he was actually starting to think about the collection of the cosmic overlord again?

However, Shiyu was even more curious about why Shi Yu wanted this fossil.

“This is very important to you?”

“You can say that.” Shi Yu nodded. Since it was a fossil, it might become a material for a mechanical phantom beast.

Wasn’t Ling looking for suitable mechanical phantom beast materials?

Wasn’t the fossil of this Time Jade Rabbit just right?

He didn’t know the type of the one he obtained from the Dark King, so he didn’t have to care about it for the time being, but the Time Jade Rabbit was simply too suitable.

If it was successfully fused, it might be able to let Ling also have the ability to travel through space and time and become a space and time machine.

During the fusion process, if there were any difficulties, he wasn’t afraid. After all, the Empress and he had studied the Time Sprite very deeply.

It could be said that compared to that unknown fossil, the Time Jade Rabbit fossil in this space and time was more suitable for Ling to strengthen itself at the current stage.

“Alright, then I’ll think of a way to ask Senior Goddess Wa,” Shiyu said with a deep breath.

“There’s no need to be in such a hurry. You can completely give it to me after I defeat the God of Destruction.” Shi Yu got up and stretched. “You can slowly recover. In that case, I’ll stay in this space and time for a while.”

“If you need anything, look for me again. I should be on Blue Planet the whole time. Of course, if you’re interested in testing my strength, I’ll accompany you at any time, haha.”

Shiyu pondered for a moment.

“So be it. However, sparring is the priority. Don’t waste your strength too much.” Shi Yu looked at her bloodline father extremely seriously. In fact, she was more curious about Shi Yu’s strength than anyone. She had just broken through to the cosmic level. She had only fought people lower than her level and had never fought a cosmic level. If it was just sparring, it shouldn’t be a problem, right?

“Are you sure?” Shi Yu had originally planned to leave, but when he heard Shiyu’s words, he was also interested.

“Well, you shouldn’t mind having an audience, right? I want to invite Senior Goddess Wa and the Blue Planet’s Will. Although I still trust you, Senior Goddess Wa and the others are different. However, as long as you show enough strength to resist the God of Destruction, I don’t think Senior Goddess Wa will mind completely opening the resource bank of the cosmic overlord army to you.”

“At that time, the chances of winning against the God of Destruction might also be higher.”

“I heard that there are several cosmic treasures in the resource warehouse of the cosmic overlord army… Everything is for the peace of the universe.” Speaking of cosmic treasures, Shiyu swallowed her saliva, as if she had also cared about a few for a long time.

“You…” Shi Yu was speechless.

Good lord, this was baiting him to take advantage of the situation and take all the cosmic treasures of the cosmic overlords first, right? It was immoral! But like him!