Chapter 1936 - Chapter 1936: Monster Father (4)

Chapter 1936: Monster Father (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Editor: Atlas Studios

[A monster.] Even the recuperating cosmic overlord muttered to himself. [Looks like someone can check and balance that guy. Interesting, two more experts have appeared. The next time won’t be boring.]

It closed its eyes again and continued to recuperate. In its opinion, there was no suspense in this battle at all. It was an old man playing the fool. The difference between the two parties was even greater than the difference between it and cosmic emperors like the Dark King. Shiyu still had to train for a long time before it could be considered a true cosmic level. It was still too young.

In comparison, the red-haired man was much more experienced.

“I’m not fighting anymore.” After a while, Shi Yu saw a blue light dot flying back quickly in the distant starry sky with an aura. He said to the unconvinced Shi Yu, “Apart from being more resistant to beatings like every cosmic level, you still have to cultivate well next.”

“I’ll find you a coach.”

“Continue fighting,” Shiyu said indignantly.

“I still have business to do. The difference just now should be obvious.” Shi Yu exited the red-haired Sword God form and an Iron-eating Beast with black and white hair appeared beside him.

Shi Yu patted its head gently. The Iron-eating Beast, which originally had a peak super divine aura, was immediately strengthened to the cosmic level.

“Wuu!!” Eleven immediately gave a military order when it heard that Shi Yu wanted to hand his daughter to it to train.

OK, give it eleven years and it’ll definitely train Shiyu to the normal cosmic level.

At this moment, no one expected Shi Yu to summon another Iron-eating Beast.

Everyone felt that Shi Yu’s three pets were very interesting.

Putting aside the cosmic cleansing pet, everyone had a ridiculous deduction about the little bird that had possessed Shi Yu just now. Why did they feel that the aura of the little bird was so similar to the Empress and her contracted sword spirit?

“That’s me. It should be me in a parallel space,” Mu Huiyin’s heroic spirit in this space and time said with a blank expression. She shared her deduction with the Empress, making the other party take a deep breath and find it unbelievable.

There was also this Iron-eating Beast. The Iron-eating Beast was also one of the mainstream races on Blue Planet. Everyone was very surprised that Shi Yu actually had a contract.

In fact, it wasn’t surprising. This was because there was a panda on the casual clothes Shi Yu was wearing. However, just now, no one paid attention to him at all.

“So annoying,” Shiyu shouted and attacked again. Eleven took the initiative to face it, even more brutal than Shi Yu. It directly stretched out its bear paw and grabbed the spear tip with a bang.

“Wuu. (Didn’t you eat?)” Eleven howled and was extremely serious.

“Ahhh.” Shiyu wanted to pull out her spear, but she realized that Eleven’s palm was like a black hole, directly attracting all their strength and making them unable to resist.

No…

The most terrifying thing was that the palm that was like a black hole suddenly turned white, and a shocking Illuminate suddenly erupted. Shiyu and the others… were sent flying extremely far again without any doubt.

Everyone was stunned.

“Sigh.” Shi Yu yawned and said, “This should be enough. You guys fight slowly. I’m going to do another important thing. I’ll leave first.”

At this moment, everyone swallowed their saliva.

And now, it was actually very obvious that Shi Yu regarded it as important.

It wasn’t a resource from the overlord army’s treasure vault.

Instead…

After Susu broke through to the cosmic level, Shi Yu himself also received feedback. This feedback successfully made Shi Yu’s mind clear and his thoughts awaken. He felt that his plundering talent had loosened. This was very valuable.

He had been cultivating for more than ten years for this day. He didn’t know how much effort he had spent. He felt that it was even harder than cultivating a peak super divine pet, but now, fortunately, he finally saw hope.

As long as his plundering talent broke through to the cosmic level, he could try to strip away his talent. This meant that…

Buggy and Eleven had finally reached the stage where they could charge into the cosmic level!