Chapter 1937 - Chapter 1937: Why Another One (1)

Chapter 1937: Why Another One (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Editor: Atlas Studios

A year later.

In the blink of an eye, Shi Yu had already stayed in this future parallel space for a year.

This year, many experts on Blue Planet had already accepted the fact that Shiyu had a powerful father.

In a year, Shiyu didn’t stay idle the whole time. She fought Eleven 24 hours a day for 365 days a year and didn’t stop resting for a whole year.

Just outside Blue Planet.

The experts on Blue Planet were numb.

Only Eleven and Shiyu weren’t tired of it.

As for Shi Yu, he had landed on Blue Planet early and chose to enter seclusion to cultivate. He no longer wasted time fighting Shiyu personally.

In a year, Shi Yu finally made progress.

“Hehehehe.” Shi Yu, who had taken out his heart, revealed a villainous smile in a certain mystic realm. It was a very presumptuous smile.

He looked at the Worm Heart in his hand and his face filled with joy.

This cocoon-like Worm Heart was the Worm Strengthening Talent that Shi Yu had cultivated to the cosmic level. Through the modified plundering talent, Shi Yu stripped away his Beast Taming Talent!!

Shi Yu felt that the value of this thing wasn’t inferior to a cosmic treasure at all. It wasn’t inferior to the queen bloodline given by the Worm Queen.

As long as he gave this to Buggy as one of the evolution materials, in addition to the evolution materials he had originally prepared, Buggy would be at a stable cosmic level.

“It’s really damaging to the body.” Shi Yu felt that although he wouldn’t die if he stripped his talent, it would hurt his source. He felt that he couldn’t strip more. At most, he could strip a few more. That would be his limit. Any more would really overload him.

“Take your time. There’s no hurry.” Shi Yu wasn’t in a hurry to call Buggy to evolve. Instead, he took out a memory crystal. Inside was the EXP memory of the use of the Worm Strengthening Talent before he stripped it.

Now that his bug-type talent had been stripped away by him, he couldn’t use this talent anymore. Now, Shi Yu wanted to see if the stripped talent could be returned to him in a buggy way like the memory water drop.

Shi Yu crushed the activation memory crystal. In the next moment, a memory torrent rushed into Shi Yu’s mind.

The level EXP regarding the Worm Strengthening Talent instantly returned. However, Shi Yu’s expression didn’t become happy. Instead, it was a little serious.

“I’ve returned all my EXP and knowledge, but my bug-element strengthening talent hasn’t returned. I started cultivating again and can’t even reach Level 1.”

His brain contained the usage method and EXP, but his body couldn’t use it.

“Can’t I?” At this moment, Ling slowly appeared beside Shi Yu and said, “From the looks of it, although the EXP knowledge can still be returned, the body permanently lacks some ‘functions’ to use the corresponding talent.”

“Looks like it. I indeed feel a considerable backlash.” Shi Yu looked at the Worm Heart in his hand and said, “This way, I feel that the price is a little high. A trash talent like the Worm Strengthening Talent is alright, but if I strip away talents like the Taiji Domain and can’t return forever, it’s a loss. I can’t use it a second time.”

“Forget it, it doesn’t matter. In any case, there are many Beast Taming Talents that can be cultivated, and there should be many similar talents. If I help my pet break through to the cosmic level at a zero cost, that would be even more ridiculous. Before researching this method, I was already prepared for the worst.”

“I can sense that it’s something that far exceeds the origin of the bloodline and might be close to the backlash of the cosmic laws,” Shi Yu said. “It’s really fierce after all… To think that I still have a cosmic-level body control talent.”

“Perhaps it can only recover after it becomes the holder of the universe,” Ling said.

“I hope so. Forget it,” Shi Yu said. “If I can’t recover, so be it. In any case, apart from a few special talents related to archeology, I also have the functional talent of a combination pet like fusion. The other talents are useless to me.”

“Where’s Buggy?”

Under Shi Yu’s call, Buggy, who was sleeping soundly and recuperating in the Beast Taming Space, immediately woke up.

“Wu!!” Buggy was summoned by Shi Yu from the Beast Taming Space. In the next moment, it saw a pile of evolution materials placed in front of it.

As a dream-element cosmic treasure, the Dream Gem, the Spirit Light of the Spirit-element cosmic treasure, the Dragon Element cosmic treasure, the Time-element cosmic treasure, the Space-time Jade Butterfly, the cosmic treasure, the Heavenly Lake Stone, which could mobilize the kindness of the universe, and an ordinary wood-element cosmic-level crystal were all evolution materials prepared by Shi Yu for Buggy. He had taken them from other cosmic emperors.

At the moment, there was still a new batch of bug-type strengthening talent that Shi Yu had joined. Shi Yu felt that it was enough.

There were a total of seven cosmic treasures that involved various stats domains. For any cosmic emperor, they weren’t bad collections. And at the moment, Shi Yu wanted Buggy to eat all of them!!

Devour and digest into evolution nutrients to help him evolve!

Previously, in the entire universe, only the Worm Queen could transform the power of the cosmic treasure for her own use. Buggy, who had inherited the Worm Queen’s Ultimate Devour, was the second!

“Eat, eat.” Shi Yu looked at the excited Buggy and smiled. “Eat your fill, then slowly digest and modify yourself to see if you can break through to the cosmic level in the end.”

“Wu! Yes!!”