Chapter 1935 - Chapter 1935: Monster Father (3)

Chapter 1935: Monster Father (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Editor: Atlas Studios

Since Beast Tamers were already so strong, why would they still need pets? Wasn’t this bullying?

“Cultivate the two eras system at the same time,” Goddess Wa said.

“Of course I know.” Shiyu gritted her teeth and finally spoke. She was very dissatisfied. Of course, she knew that the Beast Tamer’s physique was also very important. She also cultivated and even had a pretty good level. It was not a problem for her to fight a super divine-level cosmic life form alone. She could even defeat a super divine level cosmic behemoth.

However, wasn’t Shi Yu’s physique that could fight a cosmic level alone a little too much? Could the difference be so big?

“Rain Dragon.” Shiyu gave the order, and the World Divine Dragon directly turned into rain mist and disappeared. In the next moment, a blue spear appeared in Shiyu’s hand.

Surprisingly, he chose to let the World Divine Dragon transform into a weapon and fuse with her to strengthen his physique. This way, he might be able to resist Shi Yu.

“You’re not the only one who cultivates the power system of two eras at the same time.” After Shi Yu finished speaking, he flashed and stabbed at Shi Yu with a spear in hand. The spear shot out like a dragon, and a little blue light illuminated the starry sky.

This move was taught to her by her godmother, Lin Xiuzhu. It was the ability of pet weaponization.

Although it wasn’t the complete cultivation system of the previous era, it could more or less increase his strength.

“Come on.” Shi Yu still smiled and even placed his hands behind his back. Even if Shi Yu’s spear spike locked space and time, it still didn’t lock Shi Yu’s movements.

He only retreated lightly, turned sideways, and dodged Shiyu’s spear hundreds of times in just a few seconds.

In terms of cultivation of the power of space and time, Shiyu and the others were clearly not home yet.

“At this level, waiting for you to deal with a God of Destruction that even a cosmic overlord can’t deal with is indeed not enough,” Shi Yu said with a smile as he dodged.

“Damn, does this guy not know how to speak human language? Is he really Shiyu’s father?” In the crowd, the gem cat couldn’t stand it anymore. Shiyu, the cosmic throne, was half her student after all. Now that she saw that Shiyu was already at the cosmic level and was still so aggrieved when hitting people, she was even more anxious than Shiyu.

Beat it up, Shiyu!!

At this moment, everyone was numb from watching. The Blue Planet expert who had once been beaten up by Shiyu felt his heart flip when he saw Shiyu being played by her father like a child.

How was this possible? Even if Shi Yu’s father was also at the cosmic level, how could the difference be so big?

[This guy…] At this moment, in the overlord territory, just as Goddess Wa had expected, the cosmic overlord was indeed observing in the dark. It also couldn’t understand Shi Yu’s powerful body, heart, will, and terrifying spatial attainments.

Although it was still a little lacking, Shi Yu was only a human Beast Tamer. Beast Tamers should obediently fight with their pets. How could a person be so strong himself?

[If this guy fights with his pet, his strength won’t be inferior to mine.] The cosmic overlord made a judgment.

In comparison, as a cosmic-level Beast Tamer, the foundation Shi Yu had accumulated was clearly inferior. This was also normal. After all, according to Shi Yu’s understanding, it had only been two to three years since she broke through to the cosmic level.

As for Shi Yu himself, after breaking through to the cosmic level, he had already cultivated bitterly in this realm for more than ten years.

However, Shi Yu could confirm that even when he had just broken through to the cosmic level, he should be a little stronger than the other party. It should be that the other party’s pet configuration wasn’t as high as his, so the feedback he received was a little lesser.

As expected, he still took advantage of his pet.

“Damn it.” At this moment, Shi Yu kept flickering. He used the power of space and time to dodge the other party’s attack, leaving Shi Yu helpless.

“Don’t dodge if you have the ability,” Shiyu couldn’t help but say. What awaited her was an “Alright”.

When Shi Yu finished speaking, everyone saw a small red sparrow fly out of thin air. It flew around Shi Yu and suddenly entered the space between his eyebrows.

The appearance of this little sparrow stunned Empress Huang Xi and the woman who looked similar to her in the crowd.

“Chi Tong, possess me.”

“Let’s have a civil war between daughters.” Shi Yu smiled. His body began to turn blurry and hot, and red fire flames quickly erupted and lingered around him.

In the next moment, Shi Yu’s gaze seemed to contain fire as it changed in the direction of Chi Tong’s burning eyes.

In an instant, Shi Yu completed his shapeshift. A fierce spiritual aura that was like the flames of the sun turned into flames that wrapped around his entire body!

Bright red hair, fair skin, a thin but powerful body, and the fire spiritual sword that spread and condensed in his hand marked Shi Yu’s entry into the long-lost Chi Tong possession state.

This time, Shi Yu didn’t dodge. The moment the other party’s attack arrived, he held Chi Tong and waved it gently. In the next moment, it was as if the entire parallel universe was burning. The terrifying power of the spatial flames erupted in front of Shiyu like the Big Bang, making her reveal an incredulous expression.

A voice seemed to come from the Sword Chant, indicating that it was still a little lacking.

Boom!!!

The spear collided with the sword aura, and Shi Yu was blasted out again. She ran towards the endless galaxy. Shi Yu strengthened Chi Tong, and Chi Tong possessed Shi Yu. It turned into a weapon and fused with the power of the two eras. Without a doubt, Shi Yu had completely launched a cosmic overlord-level attack.

This attack wasn’t something Shiyu could block at all. Unsurprisingly, she was sent flying.

At this moment, sensing the terrifying aura of the red-haired Shi Yu, the experts on Blue Planet held their breaths and were even more afraid of Shi Yu’s strength.

Shiyu was actually completely not her father’s match.