Chapter 1938 - Chapter 1938: Why Another One (2)

Chapter 1938: Why Another One (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Editor: Atlas Studios

Then, under Shi Yu’s gaze, countless worm silk lingered around Buggy’s body, wrapping the pile of cosmic treasures in front of it and pulling it to its side. Under the cover of the worm silk, its body directly enlarged, and its eyes grew out of the newly wrapped cocoon.

“Burp.” Just as it swallowed, Buggy felt a little stuffed and sleepy.

“With your digestion speed, digesting a cosmic treasure shouldn’t take too long. The difficulty isn’t digestion, but whether you can perfectly modify yourself and achieve evolution with the nutrition you digest.”

“This depends on your own hard work. I’ll send you to the time acceleration area of the Beast Taming Space to assist in your evolution,” Shi Yu said. “Sleep in peace.”

“I hope you can come into being and become the strongest bug type in the universe that can replace the Queen of the Worms.”

“Ji!! (For the strongest!)” Buggy nodded heavily. Then, it slowly closed its eyes. Right on the heels of that, Shi Yu teleported it back to the Beast Taming Space to prepare for evolution.

At this time, Shi Yu naturally wouldn’t stay idle. He chose to continue stripping his talent.

This time, what he planned to strip away was the Taiji Domain, Green Dragon Domain, Vermillion Bird Domain, Black Tortoise Domain, White Tiger Domain, and Metal Strengthening. Shi Yu didn’t know if he could withstand stripping away six cosmic talents in a row.

Moreover, during the stripping process, he still had to think of a way to split the metal-element talent into five and fuse with the other five talents to fulfill the new metal. It was a huge project. He had to think about how to do it carefully.

In order to let Eleven complete the invincible Chaos Origin Evolution, all his efforts were worth it. When he thought of how Eleven could cultivate Chaos, Taiji, Four Symbols, and Eight Trigrams into one, Shi Yu looked forward to its complete body after evolution.

Another half a year later…

In the past half a year, Shi Yu had been studying the profundity of the Beast Taming Talent day and night. Baby Ginseng nursed Shi Yu while also studying the profundity of the cosmic tree seed.

Ling was naturally the one who had a research mission like the two of them. In the end, after knowing that Shi Yu was eyeing the Jade Rabbit fossil, Goddess Wa took out the Jade Rabbit fossil from the treasure vault of the cosmic overlord army and let Shi Yu study it.

In Shi Yu’s hands, it was naturally in Ling’s hands. Apart from Ling, Qi and the Empress were also very interested in this thing. The three parties studied it together.

“So that’s how it’s done?”

Shi Yu had already experienced countless simulations. A metal pendant in the form of a vermillion bird gradually appeared in his palm, like a small accessory bought with five coins at a roadside stall.

The red metal piece was strange and ugly. It was probably because Shi Yu’s skills weren’t good enough. He had no skills and it was all emotions. It was just an evolution material that Shi Yu had poured a lot of effort into!

“Hu…” This thing was actually quite useful to Chi Tong. It wasn’t much inferior to the Space-time Shadowless Sword, but it was only at this level. It could only be considered an external object at most.

Unlike Eleven and Buggy, who had racial abilities that could devour them into evolution nutrients and really transform them into their own things, this was still the most cost-effective for Eleven.

“Alright.” The more Shi Yu looked at this ugly Vermillion Bird metal, the more pleasing to the eye it was. Then, he threw it aside and began to study other metals.

About half a year later.

In the starry sky of the universe, Eleven and Shiyu continued fighting for two years, but it still didn’t end.

In the past two years, Shiyu’s aura had gradually become stronger. From being suppressed by Eleven at the start, it gradually became evenly matched, and now, it was even suppressing Eleven.

As expected of a Beast Tamer with the strongest human talent. In two years, Eleven could clearly feel the other party’s improvement. At least this will was worth affirming. If it were Shi Yu, Shi Yu definitely wouldn’t be willing to be beaten up for two years.

“Uncle Eleven, continue,” Shiyu said indignantly. “I feel that in a while, we can defeat you.”

Shiyu could also clearly sense that after fighting for two consecutive years, her understanding of space and time had deepened, and she was more proficient in using various Beast Taming Talents.

“Wuu!” Eleven was just about to respond, but it suddenly heard Shi Yu’s call.

[Eleven, it’s time to come back. The five evolution metals are ready. It’s time to f*cking evolve!! Taiji Metal, Green Dragon Metal… They’re all top-notch!!]

Eleven: !!!

With a whoosh, countless saliva brewed in Eleven’s mouth. It had waited for this day for a long time.

“Wuu. (Forget it, I’m already tired. I admit defeat~)” Eleven looked at Shiyu and admitted defeat.

As if.

During this period of time, Eleven had gradually been suppressed. It was mainly because Shi Yu hadn’t provided it with much strengthening power from the start. As they fought, Eleven’s realm gradually fell from the cosmic level. This gave Shi Yu and the others the illusion that they were getting stronger and stronger.

In fact, it was Eleven who constantly strengthened its basic strength by fighting cosmic-level Beast Tamers during the battle. It was still uncertain who would gain more from both parties.

As for now, Eleven only wanted to eat the evolution metal quickly and didn’t want to fight Shiyu anymore.

After admitting defeat and encouraging Shiyu, Eleven slipped away with a whoosh, leaving behind a confused Shiyu and the World Divine Dragon.

“It… admits defeat,” Shiyu said.

Blue Planet…

Eleven bounced back and was even happier than Buggy when it saw the pile of metal Shi Yu had prepared for it.

What was love?

Both Buggy and Eleven received Shi Yu’s unlimited love.

On Eleven’s side, Shi Yu personally researched and stripped five evolution materials for it.

As for Buggy, although there was only one, Shi Yu had given 80% of the team’s cosmic treasures to Buggy as evolution materials.

It could be said that Shi Yu had placed endless expectations on these two initial pets, hoping that they could become the strongest cosmic level, the kind where each of them could fight a cosmic overlord alone.

Click, click, click…

In the next moment, Eleven had already sat on the ground. It held the Green Dragon Metal in one hand and the White Tiger Metal in the other and started eating.

One, one, and another. Soon, the five metals were drained into Eleven’s stomach.

Eleven could be said to be satisfied with the food. Just like Buggy at that time, it burped. Then, it was a little full and sleepy…

“With so many things, it’s impossible to complete evolution immediately. Let’s go to the Beast Taming Space to digest it first. Whether you can condense the power of Taiji, Four Symbols, Eight Trigrams, and Chaos together depends on your own comprehension.”

“Wuu!!!” Eleven immediately obeyed and ran back to the Beast Taming Space to rest.

However, just as Eleven returned to the Beast Taming Space, it was stunned.

He gradually felt that a terrifying aura was being nurtured and born on the next star.

Not only Eleven, but the group of pets in the Beast Taming Space also looked at a certain insect star.

The Empress looked over and said in surprise, “Is that little worm also going to break through to the cosmic level?”

“That’s true. With so many rare nutrients and the Ultimate Devour, it’s time.”

On the Worm Star, at this moment, a cocoon was emitting a dazzling light, constantly brewing stronger fluctuations. Sensing this aura, Shi Yu couldn’t help but be stunned before being delighted.

“Yo, apart from the Empress and Susu, the third cosmic level is coming too? After that, there’s still Eleven… He’s invincible now.”

“Buggy, don’t worry. I’ll put you in the outside world now. Try to mobilize the kindness of the universe to complete the final impact.”

Shi Yu was extremely excited. He came to the starry sky again and released Buggy.

In the next moment, after two years, it was Susu the last time. This time, it was Buggy. Shi Yu arrived outside Blue Planet again and let his pet break through to the cosmic level.

Boom!!!

The terrifying power fluctuations of Shi Yu and Buggy instantly swept through the entire universe, shocking everyone on Blue Planet, the overlord territories, and the experts in the entire universe, especially a certain God of Destruction who was recuperating in the crack of space and time and had yet to appear.

The God of Destruction was awakened by the aura of the outside world again and revealed a ridiculous expression.

“Why is there another one!”