Chapter 1933 - Chapter 1933: Monster Father (1)

Chapter 1933: Monster Father (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Editor: Atlas Studios

At this moment, the conversation in the starry sky stunned the experts who came out of Blue Planet.

In fact, there were very few people who knew Shiyu’s true identity even among the Blue Planet experts.

Many people only knew that Shiyu, the most dazzling genius in the universe, was cultivated by Goddess Wa single-handedly. They knew that she had a few godmothers who took turns to take care of her.

However, even Emperor Kong, Lin Feng, and the others, who were also in the crowd, had no impression of Shiyu’s father’s identity.

However, even Emperor Kong, Lin Feng, and the others, who were also in the crowd, had no impression of Shiyu’s father’s identity.

Most importantly, Shiyu’s father looked very strong.

Just now, he cultivated a cosmic pet?

“Hiss…”

The powerful thing about cosmic-level Beast Tamers was that they could strengthen one of their super divine pets to the cosmic level.

And if the pet of a cosmic-level Beast Tamer was originally at the cosmic level, how strong would the combination of the two parties be?

Everyone looked at Shiyu and Goddess Wa.

“Yes.” Shiyu nodded and said,

“He’s indeed my father. The cosmic overlord is heavily injured. I don’t know when the God of Destruction will come to the overlord territory again. I was worried about the safety of Blue Planet, so I called him over. He’s very strong. He can definitely deal with the God of Destruction.”

Shi Yu was naturally familiar with the experts on Blue Planet. After all, be it the Five Emperors of Dong Huang or the super divines of the five divine races on Blue Planet, they had all been sparring partners for her.

They had all been beaten up by her.

“Really?” As Shiyu explained, Lin Feng and the others looked at each other in disbelief.

Lin Feng said in shock, “I only know that Shiyu has a few powerful godmothers, so is this person a godfather or a biological father??”

“Shiyu is indeed impressive to acknowledge her mother. This is the first time she’s acknowledged her father, right?”

“Cut it out,” Divine Source said. Wasn’t he afraid of being beaten up by a cosmic level?

“A cosmic Beast Tamer and a cosmic pet… are indeed very reliable,” the black-robed Emperor Shi said calmly. He acknowledged Shiyu’s strength very much. To be invited by Shiyu as external help, how strong was Shiyu’s father?

They weren’t the only ones. Goddess Wa was also observing Shi Yu.

“Goddess Wa has been invited. In that case…”

“Hey, girl, let your strongest pet out for me to see.” Shi Yu looked at Shiyu and said, “I’m here to see your strength.”

“My strongest pet…” Shiyu stared at him and said, “Alright, since the atmosphere has reached this point.”

“Senior Goddess Wa, if his strength is qualified, you should be able to make the decision, right?”

Goddess Wa said, “The commotion just now has probably awakened the cosmic overlord. If he’s strong enough to resist the God of Destruction, the cosmic overlord shouldn’t mind giving him a cosmic treasure and hiring him to protect the overlord territory for a period of time.”

“Alright.” As long as he could take the resources of the cosmic overlord army’s treasure vault, Shiyu was very satisfied.

“Then, come out, Rain Dragon.” As Shiyu spoke, space and time blurred behind her. With a dragon roar, a black dot appeared.

In the spatial hole, the black dot quickly enlarged. It was a blue divine dragon. It flew out of the Beast Taming Space and spread its wings, looking like it was covering the stars.

A nebula that was like rain mist lingered, as if it was produced from its body. A thick rain mist spread in the starry sky, setting off its descent from a different space and time.

“Roar!!!” The blue divine dragon stared at Shi Yu. The aura of a peak super divine was undoubtedly revealed. It was very powerful, and the power fluctuations on its body were even deeper and boundless, like the Sea of Stars, making Shi Yu feel various powers such as time, space, water, and wind.

“Dragon?” Seeing Shi Yu’s pet, Shi Yu stood in the starry sky and muttered to himself.

“And this stats…”

“World Divine Dragon,” Shi Yu said.

“That’s right. Rain Dragon is the little princess of the World Divine Dragon Race,” Shi Yu said. A World Divine Dragon with both time and space attributes was definitely one of the strongest races in the starry sky.

This pet was specially requested by Goddess Wa from the Boss of the World Divine Dragon Race at the peak of the super divine level.

“Come, let me see how strong you are.” Shi Yu crossed his arms in front of his chest. Susu slowly disappeared from the outside world and returned to the Beast Taming Space.

“Heh, then watch carefully.” Shiyu still hoped to make her father suffer a little. This was because she kept feeling that her father treated her like a child. She was the cosmic emperor after all.

Even if Shi Yu was really stronger than her, he should at least give her the corresponding respect as the cosmic emperor!

Boom!!

Shiyu also stood in the starry sky. The fluctuations of the universe origin bloomed on her body and acted on the World Divine Dragon at the peak of the super divine level. The aura of this World Divine Dragon was instantly even more terrifying!!

“Roar!!! (Sorry to offend you.)”

The World Divine Dragon was the strongest dragon born on the World King Planet, and Shiyu had broken through to the cosmic level with the help of the World King. The combination of the power of this lineage made the World Divine Dragon easily enter the cosmic level and erupt with a power that was enough to stir space and time!!

After completing the strengthening, it directly danced in the space and bared its fangs and brandished its claws at Shi Yu. This claw looked ordinary, but in fact, every time it moved, countless subspaces exploded, turning into a push, making the destructive power of this claw even more terrifying.

This claw even used the law of time to overlap the power of countless time periods, accumulating and concentrating, only erupting with the most dazzling point. Anyone who had already started to cultivate the power of space and time could feel a strong pressure from this attack.