Chapter 1934 - Chapter 1934: Monster Father (2)

Chapter 1934: Monster Father (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Editor: Atlas Studios

“Hiss… No way.” The super divines of the five divine races on Blue Planet completely didn’t expect the two of them to attack just like that. They were immediately shocked.

“Do you have to work so hard? This attack can easily destroy a star field, tens of billions of stars. Didn’t Shiyu just break through to the cosmic level? Why is she so reckless?” Lin Feng also shouted.

He didn’t doubt Shiyu’s battle power. After all, Shiyu could blow them up when she was at the super divine level. However, he was worried that Shiyu, who had just broken through to the cosmic level, couldn’t control the power of the cosmic level well and blow up countless stars.

This place was so close to Blue Planet. If they suddenly fought, even Goddess Wa and Blue Planet’s Will couldn’t control Shiyu and the World Divine Dragon now.

“Her control is alright.” In comparison, peak super divines like Goddess Wa and Blue Planet acknowledged Shiyu’s ability to control her powers and understood that she knew how to control herself.

As long as Shi Yu also knew the limits of control, there would be no problem.

In the midst of everyone’s thoughts, this attack had already reached Shi Yu’s side. Shi Yu didn’t even wait for Shi Yu to summon a new pet before attacking. Of course, she also felt that this was nothing. Although Susu had been retracted by Shi Yu just now, as a Beast Tamer, it should be basic to guard against various situations.

However, the next scene stunned everyone.

“How could this be?” Lu Qingyi, Lin Xiuzhu, and the other godmothers of Shiyu revealed incredulous expressions.

Everyone saw that after the huge dragon claw arrived in front of Shi Yu, it didn’t even cause any explosions. Shi Yu didn’t even summon his pet. He only stood in the starry sky with a smile. He stretched out his hand and held the dragon claw that was much larger than his body.

Buzz. Buzz.

The dragon claw trembled in the starry sky, but it couldn’t move forward anymore. All the strength seemed to have been sealed and didn’t leak out at all. It felt like it was a World Divine Dragon controlled by a monster with extraordinary strength. Its pupils swayed like an earthquake, and its entire body exerted strength, but it couldn’t move forward anymore.

Shi Yu sensed the state of the World Divine Dragon and suddenly trembled. She looked at Shi Yu, who had received the World Divine Dragon’s attack empty-handed, in confusion.

What a joke.

She could clearly sense that Shi Yu hadn’t summoned any pets at all. He was only using his own strength… to directly receive the World Divine Dragon’s skill with his own strength??

“Boom!!!” At this moment, Shi Yu, who felt that his hand was also a little numb, began to move his wrist. In the next moment, the entire body of the World Divine Dragon was reversed. Shi Yu leaped gently and his figure had already arrived on the head of the World Divine Dragon. His spatial travel method was even incomprehensible to the World Divine Dragon.

Shi Yu used the World Divine Dragon as a force point and gently tapped it with his feet. The World Divine Dragon’s brain suddenly rumbled as it felt a terrifying impact. In the next moment, under the eruption of strength, Shi Yu’s body had already exceeded time and arrived in front of Shi Yu at an extreme speed.

“You…” Shi Yu was suddenly shocked. His expression changed drastically, but it was already too late. In the next moment, Shi Yu’s palm was already pressed against Shi Yu’s abdomen.

Boom!

Shi Yu exerted a little strength, and Shiyu immediately spat out a mouthful of blood. Her body smashed towards Blue Planet like a meteor!!

Everyone’s expressions changed drastically, unable to believe this scene at all. Lu Qingyi, Lin Xiuzhu, and the others immediately had sullen expressions. This guy really didn’t show mercy.

As for Emperor Shi and the others, they were relatively more rational. They just couldn’t believe what Shi Yu had done just now.

Although Shiyu had never fought after breaking through to the cosmic level, before the cosmic level, apart from the two peak super divine experts, Goddess Wa and Blue Planet’s Will, she had already fought all the invincible experts on Blue Planet. Everyone knew her strength.

Now, she, who had broken through to the cosmic level, was undoubtedly the strongest on Blue Planet. Apart from the cosmic overlord and the God of Destruction, she was the strongest in the universe.

However, Shiyu, facing her father with the World Divine Dragon, was actually heavily injured in an instant!!

The most terrifying thing was that Shi Yu didn’t even send out his pet!!

It only used its own strength!

“Cough.” In the end, Shiyu wasn’t smashed onto Blue Planet. She successfully stopped outside, but she also felt her body fall apart in intense pain.

She wiped the blood from the corners of her mouth and looked at Shi Yu. As for Shi Yu, he also looked at her and said, “Your physique is too weak. No wonder you’re so weak.”

“However, at your age, it’s already rare and precious to meditate and raise the Beast Taming Space to the cosmic level. It’s a little unreasonable to ask for physique again. However, you can’t ignore it in the future. You have to strengthen it.”

“At least, you have to be able to resist the cosmic level without relying on pets, relying on your physical strength, mental strength, and soul power!” Shi Yu instructed the other party.

“What a joke…” Upon hearing Shi Yu’s words, Shi Yu gritted her teeth and didn’t say anything. On the other hand, the others understood what Shi Yu meant. Did Shi Yu’s father mean that even if he didn’t rely on pets and fought alone, he could still fight against the cosmic levels of other races?

“Yes.” In the crowd, Lu Qingyi suddenly recalled that since Shi Yu was also a transmigrator from the last era, Shi Yu probably had mastered the cultivation system of the last era like Lin Xiuzhu…

In the last era, the battle power of humans didn’t lie in pets.

Of course, everyone knew that Shi Yu also had a pet. In other words, not only was he a cosmic-level Beast Tamer who could strengthen his pet to the cosmic level, but he could also fight a cosmic-level monster Beast Tamer alone? This was too ridiculous.