Chapter 1939 - Chapter 1939: Birth Of The Strongest (1)

Chapter 1939: Birth of the Strongest (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Editor: Atlas Studios

Overlord territory, the starry sky outside Blue Planet!

A cocoon covered in a green-purple hard shell and covered in white and green patterns was shining.

Although it was only an ordinary cocoon, at the moment, with it as the center, it erupted with an aura that was enough to shake the world. For bug-type life forms, they could sense the unbelievability of this aura the most directly.

In the thousands of universes, countless insect life forms subconsciously raised their heads and looked into the sky for an instant. Although the Worm Mother Nest had already died in battle, her heirs weren’t all dead. At this moment, sensing Buggy’s power fluctuations, countless insect bloodlines trembled with incredulous expressions.

The death of the Queen made them lose their home and pillars. They were no longer the insect race that dominated the universe. And now, these worms felt that a new king was being born.

Shi Yu observed Buggy in the starry sky like that, and his mood also fluctuated. This evolution was extraordinary for Buggy. It even gave up its powerful Green Dragon body to become the strongest Worm Race…

Could it be done? It depended on now.

“What happened again?”

There had actually been movement in the starry sky outside Blue Planet. The battle between Shiyu and Eleven had lasted for so long, and the experts on Blue Planet were already used to the commotion here.

However, when Shiyu fought Eleven, she would create a battle domain and try her best not to let the fluctuations affect Blue Planet.

But this time, this wave that triggered the starry sky was incomparably vast. No barrier could stop it. Just like the last time Susu evolved, it instantly attracted the gazes of the stars.

Susu needed to cleanse the Contaminated Land of this universe to farm one last EXP to break through to the cosmic level. And now, Buggy needed to rely on the “Universe Devourer” skill to devour the power of the universe to complete the final impact.

They all wanted to cause the universe to resonate. This way, they would naturally cause a huge range phenomenon. When the experts of Blue Planet ascended to the starry sky in unison, their teeth and stomachs immediately hurt.

Even the Blue Planet’s Will was a little silent at this moment. Everyone understood what was happening in front of them.

That cosmic-level cocoon was being strengthened by Shi Yu. This scene was too similar, too similar to how Shi Yu had helped Susu break through previously. And now, apart from breaking through, this cocoon seemed to have another mission, evolution.

“Again? Wholesale cosmic level.” Lin Feng couldn’t help but say, “What kind of insect cocoon is that…”

“This person is really…” Shi Yu was also in the crowd. Not long after she ended her battle with Eleven, she had just returned to Blue Planet to digest her battle experience. She didn’t expect to be shocked by Shi Yu and the others in the blink of an eye.

Shi Yu never expected that when she was fighting Eleven, Shi Yu would actually nurture another cosmic pet at the stage where he was holding it in on Blue Planet!

What a joke. When did the cosmic level become so cheap? She and the World Divine Dragon had fought that monster panda for two years, but the World Divine Dragon had never touched the threshold of the cosmic level.

“I understand now why Goddess Wa of the last era used this young man’s bloodline as Shiyu’s origin bloodline.” In the crowd, Lu Qingyi took a deep breath and said, “Monsters are indeed of the same bloodline.”

“I feel that Shiyu might not have to take the risk of becoming the holder of the universe. Her father will definitely be one step ahead of her. This is good too. Let this guy bear that risk,” Lin Xiuzhu said.

“Meow, meow, meow.” As one of the few connections who ascended to the starry sky with divine-level strength, the gem cat said, “Although I feel that it’s not on good terms with his race, I don’t deny it. This guy is really abnormal. If it succeeds, it’ll be three universe levels! I feel that even if the God of Destruction recovers, he doesn’t have the ability to destroy the universe.”

“Lin Feng, can you tell what’s going on with that cocoon?”

Everyone asked Lin Feng, who had an evolution talent. At this moment, Lin Feng’s gaze was filled with light as he observed Buggy’s information. However, he shook his head and said, “It’s evolution, but I can’t understand it at all. It has already exceeded the upper limit of my talent.”

“Look, there aren’t many opportunities to witness the evolution of cosmic races,” Lin Feng exclaimed.

Buzz!!

Just as everyone was watching, it was as if the universe was playing music. An incomparably deep sound of laws appeared. Everything under the starry sky seemed to have been blessed. The nebula condensed into a benevolent sea that continued for several star domains. It was really like the sea of stars. A flower that no one had ever seen bloomed in the sea, spreading waves of fragrance.

“What’s this?”

Smelling the fragrance of the flowers in the Sea of Stars, some Space Races had the urge to not control their bodies. They felt incomparably tempted. They looked at the phenomenon in the Sea of Stars with drool and yearning.

“It seems to be condensed naturally by the universe.” Blue Planet’s Will was very surprised.

“That’s the kindness of the universe.” At some point in time, Goddess Wa had also arrived. She was also shocked. After all, it was already not bad for all races in the universe to be able to break through normally. In most cases, heavenly tribulations would also be sent down, such as humans breaking through the limit.

And too many cosmic levels had been born, which was a scene that the universe was unwilling to see. Why was there still kindness now?

Moreover, judging from the strength of this favor, it was very ridiculous. Even the cosmic overlord and the God of Destruction, who were secretly observing again, sensed that the strength of this cosmic favor was extraordinary.