Chapter 1931 - Chapter 1931: The Second Cosmic Level (2)

Chapter 1931: The Second Cosmic Level (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Editor: Atlas Studios

“Wuu. (No, I want to see Susu break through.)” Although Eleven also wanted to talk to the big sister of this space and time, it wanted to see Susu break through to the cosmic level more.

“Then let’s go.” Shi Yu made a bow to Senior Panda. In the next moment, he teleported away from Blue Planet and into the starry sky.

Susu directly came out of the Beast Taming Space and was in the Sea of Stars.

“Try it. I’ll support you with all my might now.” After Shi Yu finished speaking, his cosmic aura completely erupted, not caring about anything.

Boom!!!

The power of the cosmic throne instantly swept through the entire overlord territory, Blue Planet, Origin Planet, and Overlord Planet. Countless experts were shocked.

The cosmic origin power on Shi Yu’s body acted on Susu. In the next moment, Susu’s aura also increased like the uprising of the Sea of Stars. The same cosmic-level might spread throughout the entire universe.

“What’s going on?” In Blue Planet, countless experts woke up. Blue Planet’s Will, the Five Emperors of Dong Huang, the super divines of the five divine races, various experts from ancient times and modern times, as well as new era super divines like Lu Qingyi and Lin Xiuzhu, suddenly looked at the starry sky.

An unfamiliar cosmic-level aura. Could it be… the God of Destruction??

The interior of Blue Planet immediately became chaotic. Only Blue Planet’s Will immediately discovered that it was Shi Yu and the others and immediately comforted them. “It’s not an enemy attack. There’s no need to be nervous.”

She was very puzzled why Shi Yu wanted to expose his strength in the starry sky with great fanfare.

But soon, the Blue Planet’s Will sensed something and was very surprised.

“Could it be…” She stared at the Starry Sky Slime floating in the starry sky and sensed the abnormality of the other party’s state.

“Break through to the cosmic level?”

At this moment, the overlord territory was also in an uproar. Even the cosmic overlord who was recuperating and sleeping was shocked and suddenly woke up.

“Two unfamiliar cosmic-level auras, could it be another transmigrator from somewhere?” It could be said that it basically didn’t have any battle ability now. At this moment, with the threat of the God of Destruction in front of it and the appearance of two new cosmic-levels, Cypos only felt his stomach hurt.

“Hm?”

At the same time, Goddess Wa, who had already arrived at the Overlord Planet and had just found the cosmic overlord army, also sensed one of the two auras, and her expression changed slightly.

“Shiyu!” Goddess Wa walked out of Overlord Planet at this moment. When she saw Shiyu, she asked, “What’s going on? That direction is… Blue Planet?”

“Goddess Wa, don’t be nervous first. It’s not an enemy, it’s…” Shiyu said, “Do you remember the divination before Lord World King died…”

“What, you mean…” Goddess Wa was stunned. She had always been on Overlord Planet and not Blue Planet. Did Shiyu mean that she had really found the father of the bloodline in parallel spaces?

This aura was them?

“That’s right, what’s he doing…” Shiyu felt a headache.

It wasn’t just them. At this moment, even the greatest invader of this parallel universe, the God of Destruction, suddenly opened its eyes and woke up from its sleep and recovered in the spatial crack.

“There’s actually more.”

Sensing that a new cosmic level had appeared in this universe, its veins popped out, but it quickly accelerated its restoration indifferently.

It was just an ordinary cosmic level. There was no need to care. No matter how many there were, as long as the God of Destruction felt its path blocked, it would personally destroy whoever it was.

“Looks like he can hold it in.” Shi Yu and the others’ breakthrough with great fanfare was actually to see if they could make the God of Destruction lose its cool and reveal some flaws.

But from the looks of it, the other party didn’t have any thoughts about them and didn’t want to stop Susu from breaking through.

If the other party came out to stop him, he would have been tricked. He would summon the Empress with a flip of his hand and beat up the God of Destruction with the Empress.

However, it wasn’t a good move for the other party not to come out and stop him, because when Susu broke through, his battle power would take a qualitative leap again.

Boom!!!

With Susu and Shi Yu in the Sea of Stars as the center, a terrifying cleansing wave was spreading in all directions like a continuous tide.

Wherever the ripples spread, all filth was cleansed. In this space and time, it had just experienced battle and Exort. The Dark King only died and wasn’t cleansed. Not only did its death not cleanse the Contaminated Land, but it also polluted more areas because of its death.

Because of the death of the Dark King, it could be said that the entire starry sky was filled with plague.

At this moment, Susu’s breakthrough in this space and time was undoubtedly a miracle of salvation for this space and time.

“What a strong cleansing power.” At this moment, the experts of Blue Planet gathered in the starry sky one by one. They didn’t dare to get too close to the starry sky. They sensed this powerful cleansing power in shock and found it unbelievable.

This was the first time he had seen a cosmic cleansing power…

“Wait, isn’t that person…” Lu Qingyi, Senior Panda, and the gem cat were slightly shocked when they saw Shi Yu.

This guy was actually at the cosmic level…

“Hahahaha.” At this moment, the entire starry sky could hear Shi Yu’s laughter. This was because Susu’s breakthrough was very smooth. It was a breakthrough that came naturally, far smoother than his breakthrough at that time.

During this breakthrough process, the Dark King Sealed Artifact that had yet to be cleansed was being accelerated. In the Sealed Artifact, the dying Dark King’s gaze fell.

“I didn’t expect that I couldn’t withstand it in the end. In just such a short period of time, I completely cleansed you.”

“Looks like I’m going to be the first cosmic level to fall.”