Chapter 1930 - Chapter 1930: The Second Cosmic Level (1)

Chapter 1930: The Second Cosmic Level (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Editor: Atlas Studios

“You…” Lin Xiuzhu looked at Eleven in disbelief.

“Are you very surprised? There’s no need to be surprised.” Shi Yu smiled and said, “Hello, Lin Xiuzhu.”

“Let me introduce myself. I’m from another parallel universe. As for it, you weren’t wrong. It’s one of the Iron-eating Beast cubs from the year 177 of the alliance calendar, the Iron-eating Beast with the number Eleven.”

“Although it’s already dead in this space and time, I took the contract away from it in another parallel universe. In that case, can you understand?”

Lin Xiuzhu was stunned, still in disbelief. Parallel universe?

Under the nurturing of Goddess Wa, when she reached the super divine level, she naturally had some understanding of these concepts, but this was still a little unbelievable!

“You said that you guys came from a parallel universe. How should I believe you?” Senior Lin was still so beautiful, but her perfect figure had shrunk a lot. She should have specially learned physical control in order to train her body. Shi Yu felt that it was a pity. Senior Panda, who had a good figure, was still better looking.

“Shiyu,” Shi Yu said. “You know Shiyu, right? She can prove our identities. I can’t possibly use the name of a cosmic emperor to deceive others, right?”

Lin Xiuzhu was surprised. “You know my goddaughter?”

However, she had never told anyone about Eleven. In her opinion, even if Shi Yu was from a parallel universe, the reason why he could come here was most likely because of her goddaughter, Shiyu. Why would Shiyu do this…

“F*ck.” However, Lin Xiuzhu, who was still waiting for Shi Yu’s answer, didn’t expect Shi Yu and Eleven opposite to directly collapse.

Shi Yu looked at Senior Panda in shock. Eleven also had an innocent expression.

“You were also present when Shiyu revived? You also used your bloodline?” Shi Yu couldn’t help but ask.

Lin Xiuzhu looked at Shi Yu indifferently and said, “You know a lot. Looks like you really know her…”

In order to revive Shiyu, Goddess Wa finally decided to choose five female humans with excellent talent on Blue Planet. She gave up on the male super divine and gave up on Emperor Shi and the others. This was because according to her research, half of the bloodline in Shiyu’s body belonged to Yang. The other half of the bloodline was still the most perfect combination of Yin and Yang.

As a genius who had inherited the power system of the last era, Lin Xiuzhu was naturally chosen by Goddess Wa.

“In that case…” Senior Panda’s expression softened. She looked at Eleven and said, “You’re really Eleven…”

“Wu wu wu. (How can this be fake?)” Eleven smiled in embarrassment.

“Sorry.” Although it was Eleven from the parallel universe, Senior Panda still felt a little guilty.

“Wuu! (It’s alright, I didn’t know my limits!)” Eleven was no longer the insensible little panda from before. It also knew that its training method was purely courting death. If Shi Yu hadn’t taught it high-speed healing, it would have been very miserable no matter what Beast Tamer it encountered.

“Cough, cough. Don’t catch up first,” Shi Yu said. “Senior Lin, can you talk about Shiyu in detail? Who were the few people who revived her back then?”

“Senior?” Lin Xiuzhu was stunned. She was very surprised by Shi Yu’s address, but soon, she came to a realization. Since Shi Yu had taken Eleven away from her, he was most likely her junior in a parallel universe.

“Congratulations, Eleven. I didn’t take good care of you in this world, but in another universe, it looks like you encountered a very good Beast Tamer.” When Senior Panda saw Eleven’s strength, she knew that Shi Yu and Eleven weren’t simple now.

Thinking that Eleven was living very well in another space and time, she couldn’t help but smile.

“Although I’m very happy that you’re here, forgive me for not being able to answer your question. If you want to know, you can ask Shiyu yourself.”

“Up to you.” The corners of Shi Yu’s mouth twitched. This was because he had shamelessly read his mind just now and already knew which five people had revived Shiyu.

Damn, what was going on? Why were there Senior Panda, Senior Lu, and the Empress? There were even two western Beast Tamers he didn’t know, and there was actually no Emperor Shi and the others. What was going on with the development of this space and time? Why was it so strange? What exactly was Goddess Wa doing?

“Huh?” Just as Shi Yu was about to discuss it in depth with Senior Panda, the change in the Beast Taming Space suddenly shocked Shi Yu slightly.

“Susu?”

There were suddenly some abnormalities on Susu’s side.

“Ning!” Although she had followed Shi Yu to the parallel universe to travel, Susu had never stopped cleansing the Dark King.

It was cleansing the Dark King at all times, and its strength was also improving day by day.

If Shi Yu wasn’t wrong just now, Susu seemed to have touched the threshold of the universe a few seconds ago.

“Ning. (I’m going to try to break through.)” Susu said. The opportunity was rare. She was very excited now. She had finally waited for this day.

“Alright!” At this moment, Shi Yu couldn’t help but cheer. The heavens were helping him.

After looking forward to the stars and the moon, one of the pets finally broke through. Compared to other pets, Susu, who had always used the Dark King as an EXP package, was just like the Beastmaster who used the World King as an EXP package at that time. It was undoubtedly the closest to the cosmic level.

Now, after more than ten years of purification, there was finally a result, making Shi Yu tear up.

“What’s wrong?” Senior Panda was dizzy from Shi Yu’s shock.

“Haha, it’s nothing. See you another day. There’s suddenly an emergency,” Shi Yu said. “Eleven, you can stay.”