Chapter 1932 - Chapter 1932: The Second Universe Level (3)

Chapter 1932: The Second Universe Level (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Editor: Atlas Studios

At this moment, even until death, the Dark King didn’t show anything. It only wanted to fiercely look at the guy who continued to release cleansing fluctuations through the sealed artifact.

Seeing that Susu had reached the cosmic level because it cleansed the filth, the Dark King sighed with emotion and stopped struggling. Under the gaze, its body slowly turned into nothingness.

“Dark King, have a safe trip.” Shi Yu’s voice sounded.

“Smash it. I hope you don’t die in the hands of the cosmic will.” Before dying, the Dark King left a final message, hoping that Shi Yu and the others could become the masters of the universe. This way, it wouldn’t have died for nothing.

“Your hatred for the universe is really strong. Yes,” Shi Yu said.

At that moment, as the Dark King was completely cleansed and Susu was about to break through, the power of space and time fused with the power of cleansing and was nurturing a new universe origin on her body!!

Extreme race abilities and powerful spatial power. Now, Susu had them all.

There was naturally no need to talk about the cleansing ability. As for the power of space and time, Susu had learned the time-element Heavenly Frost Cold Energy in its early years. Now, it had long been modified by Shi Yu into the time and ice-element cosmic disaster skill Cold Silence.

The spatial element also had the Infinite Devour at the start and the current Boundless Devour.

Of course, just these two skills weren’t enough for Susu’s spatial attainments to support the universe. However, Shi Yu even got Susu to turn high-level time-element and spatial-element stars into armed tools, fuse them into one, and devour them.

In addition, Shi Yu used the dual cosmic spatial talent as the foundation for Susu to constantly build… After it broke through, its spatial attainments might not be the strongest at the cosmic level, but it would definitely have a solid foundation. At the moment, it was enough to try to break through to the cosmic level.

Boom!!!

As the entire universe watched in disbelief as countless cleansing power flowed to every part and completely cleansed the plague left behind by the Dark King, Susu’s own aura finally reached the cosmic level without relying on Shi Yu.

If Shi Yu was included, her current strength was enough to approach the strongest state with the enhancement of half the power of the cosmic Sea of Stars back then.

“Ning!” Countless halos retracted. Susu’s breakthrough shocked the experts on Blue Planet deeply. The smiling young man beside them shocked them even more. Who exactly was this person and where did he come from?

Just as they were puzzled, the surrounding space changed. Shi Yu and Goddess Wa’s figures appeared not far away. Their appearance also attracted Shi Yu’s attention.

“Yo, my good daughter is back.” Shi Yu looked at Shi Yu, the sixth cosmic throne in this space and time, and smiled.

“Father, this is…” Shiyu was stunned. A pet had broken through to the cosmic level and even succeeded? This guy… was really “at ease” and really “reliable”.

“Father…”

At this moment, apart from Blue Planet’s Will and a few others who knew, the experts of Blue Planet looked at Shi Yu in shock when they heard Blue Planet’s Throne Shi Yu’s words.

“Looks like I didn’t lure that guy out.” Shi Yu hugged the soft Susu and said, “Are you ready to spar? Don’t worry, I won’t bully you. I won’t send a cosmic pet.”

“I…” Shiyu looked at the group of people around her and couldn’t say anything. Although she wanted an audience, she only wanted Goddess Wa to be a witness. There was no need to make such a big commotion, right? If she lost too badly, how could she survive in this space and time?