Chapter 1946 - Chapter 1946: Chaos Divine Demon (2)

Chapter 1946: Chaos Divine Demon (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Editor: Atlas Studios

“Damn it, are you done? Die.”

It stopped recuperating, and endless black light shot out of its eyes. It crossed space and time and turned into a flying saber that slashed at Eleven’s origin, trying to stop it from breaking through.

However, just as the black light flying saber traversed the Cosmic Sea, it was blocked by a red-haired and red-eyed figure.

Boom!!!

“I can’t stay anymore?”

Shi Yu stood in the starry sky with a longsword in hand. He stared in a certain direction with a cold gaze. Under his obstruction, the flying saber was directly divided into two!!

The terrifying aftermath instantly affected countless stars. Shi Yu looked in a direction and said, “Don’t worry, I’ll look for you personally soon.”

Originally, Shi Yu had to destroy the God of Destruction. Now that the God of Destruction had interfered with Eleven’s breakthrough, he had another reason to kill the God of Destruction.

When he left the Overlord Planet, Shi Yu asked Cypos for its battle memories with the God of Destruction. At this moment, in Shi Yu’s opinion, the God of Destruction’s sneak attack wasn’t technical. He easily resisted it.

Just as Cypos had said, if it fought another battle with the God of Destruction, it would definitely not be so miserable.

“Damn it.”

In the spatial crack, seeing that the sneak attack was ineffective, the God of Destruction’s expression was cold as he realized that big trouble was about to be born.

“Have you confirmed the location?” Shi Yu said. With a cry, a green light escaped through space and time and successfully arrived in the space and time crack.

Boom!!

Buggy looked at the black leopard person in front of it, and the black leopard person also looked at it coldly.

“As expected, you can already lock onto my location.”

Ever since the last time, it vaguely felt that this butterfly had obtained the ability to lock onto its location. Now, it could be completely confirmed.

“Your opponent is me.” At this moment, Buggy had also obtained some strengthening from Shi Yu. It stared at the God of Destruction intently, and the two parties were immediately in a confrontation stage.

“Hmph.” The black-robed God of Destruction wasn’t in the mood to fight Buggy. It only wanted to stop that panda from breaking through now.

In its opinion, only that bear race was qualified to threaten it after breaking through and being strengthened by the Beast Tamer, so it had to be eliminated.

However, Buggy didn’t give it this chance at all, or rather, it wanted to stall it and create time for Eleven to break through.

Buzz!!!

Buggy directly modified its surroundings into a dream universe and activated its domain.

The God of Destruction was very familiar with this dream universe. Previously, when Buggy broke through, it was captured by this dream universe and easily broke free.

But this time, the God of Destruction tried to break free from the dream and didn’t succeed. It looked at the scene of the surrounding desolate continent and its expression turned cold. It realized that the destructive divine power in its hand actually couldn’t destroy this universe.

“If you want to destroy the 8th era’s dream universe strengthened by the cosmic treasure, you need to have deeper attainments in the power of space and time.” Buggy’s expression was calm.

Compared to the previous dream universe, this dream universe wasn’t that easy to destroy.

“Little trick.” The black-robed God of Destruction was calm and composed. It closed his hands and pulled them apart, forming an even more terrifying purple-black ball.

In the next moment.

Boom!!!

A terrifying destructive divine power erupted, and a crack was instantly torn in this dream universe. Buggy didn’t expect that the other party could still use a move of this level despite saying that it was heavily injured.

However, Buggy wasn’t anxious either. It followed the God of Destruction who left through the crack.

“Huh?” The God of Destruction had just broken free from the 8th era universe, but looking at the universe filled with mechanical stars in front of him, its scalp immediately felt troubled.

“Welcome to the 9th era universe.” Mechas and battleships floated in the starry sky behind Buggy, locking onto the God of Destruction.

Who told him that the dream universe only had one level?

Buggy had built a total of it. It involved the dream universe of the 8th, 9th, 10th, and 11th eras, layer by layer. Unless it broke through all of them at the same time, it could escape the restraints of the dream.

“Die!!” This time, the God of Destruction didn’t destroy the universe itself. Instead, it teleported behind Buggy and completely swallowed Buggy’s body with a destructive bomb.

Even Buggy’s body and this universe turned into nothingness.

However, what awaited the God of Destruction wasn’t to return to the real universe, but to a blue planet.

“It’s useless. In the dream universe, I’m immortal.” Buggy still appeared.

“Then I’ll destroy all the dreams before destroying you,” the God of Destruction said coldly.

“Feel free to try.”

Then, in the Dream Universe, Buggy and the God of Destruction started a huge battle. The two parties only fought for an instant before the birth and destruction of a universe.

Shi Yu and the others had learned from the cosmic overlord that the ability of the cosmic god of destruction was mainly that unbelievable destructive divine power.

That wasn’t destroying laws or the source, but something above it. This kind of destructive divine power had the characteristic of being “indefensible” and “destructing everything”. Nothing could be immune to it, nothing could stop it.

It could even directly destroy the concept and the origin. For example, when it destroyed the Dark King, it directly destroyed the connection between the Dark King and the pollution concept. When it destroyed the Beastmaster, it directly destroyed the connection between the Beastmaster and the planet and used the destructive divine power to destroy the other party’s universe origin, making it impossible for it to revive.

Even the cosmic overlords didn’t know the origin of this ridiculous power. They could only treat it as a unique power of the first era.

The cosmic overlord even had a vague feeling that this destructive divine power was related to the universe itself.