Chapter 1949 - Chapter 1949: Space Conference (1)

Chapter 1949: Space Conference (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Editor: Atlas Studios

Boom!!

Boom!!

Boom!!

In the dream world, Eleven was still pulling the head of the God of Destruction, using its body to smash star after star and constantly pressing it to the planet to rub.

If the God of Destruction didn’t want to be beaten up, Shi Yu would satisfy it. Even if it was Eleven, it was more than enough to heavily injure the God of Destruction who had yet to recover.

“Ugh.” In the dream universe, no matter how strong the black panther’s God of Destruction was, it couldn’t withstand Eleven, who was using the reverse Pangu evolution method.

However, the closer it was to a desperate situation, the crazier this guy became. He counterattacked even more crazily, even if it was only one-sided.

“I… I’m the God of Destruction!!!”

It roared angrily. To Shi Yu and the others’ surprise, blood tears even flowed out of the corners of the God of Destruction’s eyes.

It seemed to be venting its dissatisfaction and anger.

“No matter what your reasons are.”

Shi Yu and the others looked at the black panther’s God of Destruction with burning gazes. That made sense. No matter who it was, how could they have an anti-cosmic personality?

The God of Destruction probably had its own reasons.

But no matter what the reason was, since it threatened the safety of him and his companions, they could only completely eliminate the other party.

“Roar!!!” The God of Destruction attacked again. Shi Yu held the spiritual sword in his hand, and the dream universe began the second round of violent turmoil!

…

The starlight dimmed, and a drop of liquid condensed in the nebula. The universe seemed to be whimpering. Ever since Shi Yu and the God of Destruction started the battle, the scene of the universe seemed to have become much more desolate.

…

After an unknown period of time.

The dream universe shattered. Shi Yu and the others were in the real universe again. When they saw Shi Yu come out, Shiyu, who had been lingering here, immediately teleported over in surprise.

She saw that Shi Yu and the pets beside him were basically not injured. Moreover, there was no sign of the God of Destruction. Shiyu said happily, “Dad, where’s the God of Destruction? Could it be…”

“He’s dead.” Shi Yu looked at the longsword in his hand and said, “I killed him.”

“Great, you’re too strong!!!” Shiyu looked over in surprise. She simply worshiped her father from this parallel universe too much. Although her wish was to surpass Shi Yu, Shi Yu had helped this universe solve such a huge disaster. She still hugged Shi Yu happily.

“Hey, hey, hey.” Shi Yu pushed his cosmic-level daughter away and smiled bitterly. “Don’t be happy too early. Although the other party is dead, the trouble hasn’t been resolved.”

“Huh?? Don’t tell me it can still be revived,” Shiyu said in confusion.

“No…” Shi Yu’s heart was extremely heavy. He was indeed prepared for it to revive infinitely, but…

Shi Yu fell into deep thought and recalled his final confrontation with the God of Destruction.

Swoosh!!!

The body of the God of Destruction was divided into two by the spiritual sword in Shi Yu’s hand. At this moment, even its soul was quickly shattered by Chi Tong and obliterated into soul nutrients.

Boom!

The body of the God of Destruction exploded, but before it died, its face was filled with mockery.

“I’ll die, but this universe will also be destroyed.”

After that, Chi Tong began to Spirit Release the other party’s soul and extract the other party’s memories…

Shi Yu looked at his daughter and said, “Do you know the true identity of the God of Destruction?”

“What?? Isn’t he a cosmic-level expert from the first era?”

“Not only that.” Shi Yu smiled bitterly. He didn’t expect this God of Destruction to be so troublesome.

“Actually, the universe isn’t as simple as the 11th era,” Shi Yu said.

“It’s the pet of the previous holder of the universe.”

According to the soul memory scene transmitted by Chi Tong, Shi Yu saw a small black panther snuggling beside a majestic body.

Shiyu: “?”

“In a certain era, a human successfully contracted the universe and became the holder of the universe, the will of the universe.”

“However, just because you become the holder of the universe doesn’t mean that you can really be eternal. As the true cosmic will that has been suppressed, you won’t be willing to be contracted by others forever. Even if the contract succeeds, the holder of the universe still has to constantly guard against the backlash of the universe.”

“The previous holder of the universe broke free of the contract and died by the universe countless years after becoming the holder of the universe. That’s already a story from before the first era.”

“And the powerful power on the God of Destruction was also given to it by its master. Now you know why the power on its body is so special, right? It can cross so many eras probably because of the maintenance master.”

“What??”

Shiyu was shocked. No wonder the God of Destruction hated the will of the universe so much and hoped to destroy the universe.

So it was to avenge its master.

“Then what do you mean the matter isn’t over?”

Shi Yu sighed slightly and said, “Although the other party died, its ‘resentment’ turned into a curse and fused into the universe.”

“It used its own death as the price to curse something and let its life flow away with it.”

“I’m fine.” Seeing Shiyu’s worried expression, Shi Yu said, “Its cursed target is this universe.”

“Oh!” Shiyu had been shocked for a long time. When she heard Shi Yu’s words, she cried again and sensed the state of the universe.

“If nothing goes wrong, your parallel universe won’t be able to live for long. Moreover, even if the universe wants to restart, it probably won’t go smoothly. We need to guard against the resentment of the dead God of Destruction. I didn’t expect it to do this this this time.” Shi Yu was silent. From the start, the cosmic God of Destruction didn’t want to live. It wanted to perish with the universe.