Chapter 1945 - Chapter 1945: Chaos Divine Demon (1)

Chapter 1945: Chaos Divine Demon (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Editor: Atlas Studios

When there was turmoil in the universe, Blue Planet and the cosmic overlord knew that it was most likely Shi Yu’s doing again.

Apart from him, a cosmic-level Beast Tamer, no one else could nurture cosmic-level pets so frequently.

First, it was the cleansing star spirit, then the powerful butterfly. This time…

The breakthrough fluctuations this time were even greater than the original two, making the cosmic overlord unable to help but be shocked. He admired Shi Yu’s ability to cause trouble.

“Roar!!!”

Shi Yu and the others leaped to the Cosmic Sea.

Eleven floated in the starry sky, surrounded by stars, its body constantly strengthening.

The power of plants in the universe crazily reversed and surged over from all directions in the universe, integrating into Eleven’s hair.

The lake and sea of the martial world also surged crazily, turning into the concept source that flowed over and fused into Eleven’s blood.

The mountains of the various planets also contributed their strength and fused into Eleven’s body to strengthen its physique.

At this moment, the entire universe turned into light.

Even the power of the stars from the Worm Mother Nest, the Contaminated Land, the overlord territory, and the Behemoth Empire gathered in Eleven’s limbs, making it even larger during this process.

Eleven’s body was enlarging crazily. This concept of “large” was simply extraordinary. Slowly, there seemed to be no creature larger than it in the world.

Even on the World King Planet, Beastmasters were like bugs compared to its current body.

It was as if Eleven’s hair was enough to crush a star.

Even Shi Yu and the others were a little shocked by this scene. Although they knew that the commotion of Eleven’s breakthrough would be very big, they didn’t expect it to be so big.

Its current size was about to destroy countless star areas with a finger.

“Wu…” In the Beast Taming Space, Buggy came out. When it saw Eleven’s situation, it knew that something was wrong. It didn’t expect those talent metals to be so compatible with Eleven.

However, the corners of Buggy’s mouth curled up. This was more interesting. Only when Eleven was stronger than it would it have a greater sense of accomplishment after conquering the leader.

“No way, it can even affect this side.”

On Blue Planet’s side, everyone could roughly determine that Shi Yu was currently very far from Blue Planet.

However, at this moment, even Blue Planet’s Will couldn’t control it. In Blue Planet, the power of lightning and wind and clouds flowed crazily towards the Cosmic Sea.

Seeing the natural changes in Blue Planet that were like the end of the world, the experts on Blue Planet were stunned and spoke in disbelief.

This situation wasn’t limited to Blue Planet, Overlord Planet, Origin Planet… On various planets, the power of natural laws flowed towards the Cosmic Sea and crossed countless spaces at an extremely fast speed.

Apart from that, there was also the power of the sun and moon that turned into divine light and fused into Eleven’s left and right eyes, making it look like a super demon god had been born.

“Roar!!!” In the center of the universe, Eleven, who had caused all of this, roared. Lightning fused into the voice, and wind and clouds fused into the aura. Its life level was still rising, and it had already broken through the shackles of the universe.

The aura of a cosmic throne on its body was undoubtedly revealed, but what shocked the cosmic overlord and the cosmic destructive god who were secretly observing was that this was only the beginning.

“The chaos is divided into Pangu first, then the Taiji elements and the Four Symbols.” At the same side, Shi Yu, who was observing, suddenly thought of this sentence. In the myths and legends, Pangu was the first living being and emerged from a cosmic egg that contained a chaotic mixture of yin and yang. As he grew, he separated yin and yang, creating the earth and the sky. Pangu brought order to the universe and created the Taiji two elements, and the two elements gave birth to the Four Symbols. The Four Symbols changed and were complicated. Everything in the universe was formed by Pangu.

It was born from chaos and was the most primitive God of Creation.

Although Shi Yu didn’t know if it really existed at the start of the last era, at this moment, Eleven seemed to be completing this process in reverse.

The power of all things fused into its body, then right on the heels of that…

At this moment, the shadows of history that crossed space and time could be sensed out of thin air in all directions of the universe.

The shadows of the four incomparably terrifying cosmic holy beasts were born after absorbing the power of faith of all the four saints in this universe. They also displayed shocking divine might, as if they made the thousands of creatures in the universe feel the revival of the cosmic emperor of the last era.

“Roar…”

These four shadows of the Four Saints were even more terrifying than the aura of the ten thousand Green Dragons dancing together in Buggy’s dream back then. Green Wood, Fire, Sharp Metal, Water, and endless power also formed a miracle like the power of the universe, turning into divine light and integrating into Eleven’s body.

At this moment, Eleven’s aura had already reached the peak of the “Universe One” mentioned by the cosmic overlord.

Moreover, it was in a state that hadn’t been strengthened by Shi Yu.

“Impossible.” If this was the only end, the cosmic overlords and the others could still accept and understand. However, in the next moment, they realized that the breakthrough was still continuing.

From the deepest part of the universe’s space and time, countless clear and turbid auras that contained the power of time and space slowly gathered towards Eleven in the most primitive and original form.

Be it the cosmic overlord or the cosmic destructive god, they felt that once the spatial and cosmic Yin Yang Qi fused into Eleven’s body, it would definitely break through the shackles of the Universe One in one go and reach the second cluelessness of the universe.

Sepos only felt that it was ridiculous. Even it was only a quasi-cosmic clueless when it broke through from a super divine to the cosmic level. It only broke through to become a cosmic overlord after cultivating for countless years.

But now, there seemed to be a life form that wanted to cross Universe One and attack Universe Two from the peak of the super divine level in one go.

At this moment, even the gaze of the cosmic God of Destruction turned cold. It felt a deep threat from this creature that had just broken through.