Chapter 1943 - Chapter 1943: Endless Breakthrough (1)

Chapter 1943: Endless Breakthrough (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Editor: Atlas Studios

As the consumption of the era fossil that crossed three eras in the dream wasn’t small, Shi Yu and the others quickly exited the dream. They had already reached the cosmic level, but Shi Yu still hadn’t escaped the situation of being weak every day.

As expected, physical strength was too important to a Beast Tamer. Otherwise, they wouldn’t have the time to pamper them one by one even if they had the opportunity.

“Hu,” Shi Yu said. “Buggy, familiarize yourself with the realm first. If you think you’re familiar with it, you can also help Ling and the others study that Jade Rabbit fossil.”

“Perhaps Ling’s cosmic path is on this Jade Rabbit fossil.”

“Yes, yes.” Buggy expressed that there was no problem.

“It shouldn’t be a big problem for Eleven to successfully break through to the cosmic level. I hope Ling can also succeed. Only Baby Ginseng and Chi Tong aren’t too confident.”

At this moment, Shi Yu sensed Baby Ginseng and Chi Tong’s anxious mood and fell into deep thought.

The pets of the clueless team didn’t have much desire for the cosmic level. After all, they understood that the first team hadn’t reached the full cosmic level, so their chances were definitely not high.

However, Baby Ginseng and Chi Tong, who were in the first team, had at least gotten first place in the team. Now, they weren’t at the cosmic level yet, so they were naturally very anxious.

“Compared to the races of Eleven, Buggy, and Susu, your races indeed don’t have any shortcuts… Especially Baby Ginseng, which can only slowly strengthen the nourishing power…”

“Hasn’t the cosmic tree grown better and better recently? Perhaps when the cosmic tree completely recovers, you can reach the cosmic level,” Shi Yu said.

As he broke through to the cosmic level, the Universe Tree nurtured with him gradually recovered its original appearance. The ginseng baby that carried it also obtained many benefits, but it was still not enough.

“Chi Tong, don’t worry. I wonder what the situation is with this cosmic God of Destruction. No matter who defeats the cosmic God of Destruction in this battle, I’ll leave the cosmic God of Destruction to you to completely kill.”

Shi Yu said, “Perhaps the earliest Spirit Release skill is your path to cosmic advancement? If you kill a cosmic-level soul and turn it into growth nutrients, you might be able to break through to the cosmic level.”

“The original universe didn’t have a suitable hunting target for you, but this God of Destruction came at the right time.”

“Mi!!” Chi Tong was very happy, but it felt that the Spirit Release was most likely not the key to her advancement to the cosmic level. It could feel it itself, but regardless, it had to slowly try and find it.

Next, Shi Yu began to recuperate and adjust his state.

The cultivation of stripping talent had come to an end here. For the time being, other pets didn’t need to rely on this method to advance to the cosmic level.

During this period of time, Eleven tried its best to digest a few talent metals. As for Ling and the others, with the support of the Creation Dream Butterfly, Buggy, their research on the Jade Rabbit fossil deepened.

However, fusing a cosmic-level fossil wasn’t a simple matter. It was impossible to fuse it just like before. The current Ling had yet to master this technology.

Be it the more detailed experiments or the final attempt, she estimated that she needed Shi Yu’s help. She needed Shi Yu to temporarily strengthen it to the cosmic level. This way, mechanical phantom beasts like them would have the qualifications to be on par with or above the cosmic level fossil.

“Sir Shi Yu.”

A few days later, although Shi Yu hid very well, someone else came looking for him. Shi Yu didn’t miss the person who came this time, mainly because the other party had sent the Jade Rabbit fossil the last time. Perhaps they had sent something good this time.

“It’s Goddess Wa.” Shi Yu, who was meditating on the snow mountain, immediately smiled when he saw the humanoid snake-tailed goddess appear in the sky. “What brings you here?”

“Actually, the cosmic overlord has awakened. It wants to see you.”

“Then let it see me,” Shi Yu said.

Ahem, Shi Yu felt that he had indeed become arrogant.

Goddess Wa smiled bitterly and said, “In order to recuperate, the cosmic overlord sealed itself in the core of Overlord Planet. There’s a backup plan left behind by it to heal its injuries, so it can’t move now. Even its clone can’t do it.”

After a moment of silence, Shi Yu said, “That injury is pretty serious.”

According to Buggy, at least the God of Destruction could still move.

This was the only time a cosmic battle had reached such a tragic level. No wonder the other four cosmic thrones had died.

This was the only time a cosmic battle had reached such a tragic level. No wonder the other four cosmic thrones had died.

“Alright, then I’ll go with you,” Shi Yu said. “But Goddess Wa, Shiyu has already broken through to the cosmic level. Why are you still at the peak of the super divine level?”

Goddess Wa was speechless. “After all, I didn’t personally create Shiyu.”

“All the best,” Shi Yu encouraged. He realized that Goddess Wa from both spaces was quite pitiful.

Sometimes, the rain in this space and time didn’t include him. In his space and time, even if he didn’t have Shiyu, he was just a little lacking. He was clueless and lacked one.

…

Under the invitation of the cosmic overlord, Shi Yu arrived at Overlord Planet and arrived at an environmental space that was like the lava area of an underground volcano.

This was the first time Shi Yu had seen the full appearance of a cosmic overlord with his own eyes. He didn’t know what race the other party was. It had purple skin, explosive muscles, and curved two horns. It was very similar to the symbol on the battleship of the cosmic overlord army. In short, with Shi Yu’s current gaze, it was very ordinary.

Perhaps he was strong enough and no longer had that unreachable filter, or perhaps the current state of the cosmic overlord was very poor, and it no longer had the domineering aura of dominating the universe.