Chapter 1941 - Chapter 1941: Birth Of The Strongest (3)

Chapter 1941: Birth of the Strongest (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Editor: Atlas Studios

Skill: Dream Genesis

[Level]: Super Divine Skill

< Introduction > It can build a dream world with its mind. Even if it completely dies, even if the universe is destroyed, even if the universe restarts, the dream world won’t be destroyed. The user can achieve eternal spirituality in the dream world, true immortality.

Shi Yu felt that the skill Buggy had awakened was ridiculous. This was the first skill he had seen that could ignore the restart of the universe.

At this moment, Buggy was also very happy. It sensed the power of the Dream Genesis, but soon, it was extremely regretful. It felt that although this move was powerful, it wasn’t powerful enough.

The things in the dream… were ultimately illusory… It was the only one who could achieve eternity, not everyone.

If only this move could create a real universe and ignore the restart of the existing universe. This way, it, Shi Yu, and the others could at most change universes to Survival. They didn’t have to take the risk of becoming the holder of the universe.

At this moment, as Buggy completed its breakthrough, the experts on Blue Planet sensed the incomparable aura on its body, especially since Buggy was still strengthened by Shi Yu. It made Goddess Wa take a deep breath and have an unbelievable deduction.

“At the stage where Shi Yu strengthened this pet, the strength of this butterfly has probably already exceeded that of a cosmic overlord.”

The powerful thing about a cosmic overlord was that other cosmic emperors only had one super divine skill, but there were two cosmic overlords. Now, Goddess Wa felt that this butterfly most likely also had two super divine skills. Otherwise, it would be impossible for it to have such a terrifying aura.

As a peak super divine who had fought a cosmic overlord, Goddess Wa had this judgment.

“I’ll call your new race the Creation Dream Butterfly.” Shi Yu gathered everything and casually gave Buggy a name. When Buggy, whose body was as huge as a star, heard this, it smiled and didn’t care if the name was nice.

“Wu, wu!!” Its huge body gradually shrank and turned back into a small green butterfly. It flew towards Shi Yu and landed on the back of Shi Yu’s hand.

It showed its strength!

What Susu, what Empress? They were all inferior to it!

It was fine if it was Susu. It was used to the arrogance of every teammate when they first evolved and broke through. It had also had this arrogance.

However, in the Beast Taming Space, the Empress couldn’t help but frown…

“Interesting.” Was she too gentle after joining the team? Did these little guys not know their limits?

“Hahahaha.” Shi Yu didn’t mind. “When you’re all at the cosmic level, I’ll let you fight.”

“Now isn’t the time.”

Just as Shi Yu finished speaking, Buggy was suddenly stunned, as if it had recalled something.

“Wu wu wu…” It said quickly. It seemed to have captured the traces of the God of Destruction for an instant just now.

However, he immediately let the other party run away again.

Buggy could confirm that its Dream Genesis used the universe as a blueprint. When it created the Dream Universe, it also had the function of sensing the entire universe. It should be able to lock onto the God of Destruction!

“Really?” Shi Yu was stunned. He had sensed it himself and let the Empress sense it. He had also strengthened every pet and made every pet search for traces of the God of Destruction.

However, they couldn’t find any traces of the other party.

Did Buggy discover it just now???

“Wu!! (Want to crush the other party!! I want to farm the other party alone!!)” Buggy was excited. It didn’t expect that the cosmic God of Destruction still had to be dealt with by the Creation God of the Dream Universe.

“There’s no hurry,” Shi Yu said. “Eleven should be able to break through in a few days. Adapt to your new realm in the next few days. I also need to recover my state. When we reach the most perfect state, we’ll carry out the overall attack.”

Shi Yu had just created a pile of talent metals and was still relatively weak. Although he had three cosmic pets beside him, Shi Yu wanted to solve the disaster of this parallel universe at the smallest cost.

Eleven was about to evolve and break through. Why didn’t it wait until it gathered the four cosmic pets before attacking the cosmic God of Destruction? In any case, it had already been confirmed that Buggy could lock onto the other party’s location.

“Wu.” After Shi Yu finished speaking, Buggy nodded heavily.

At the same time.

In the Beast Taming Space, Eleven took a deep breath, hugged the bamboo pole, closed its eyes, and quickly digested the evolution resources. It swore to evolve stronger than Buggy.

“Why are they all here again?” At this moment, Shi Yu turned to look in the direction of Blue Planet and scratched his cheek.

“Disperse, disperse,” he said to Shiyu and the others.

Shi Yu expressed that he didn’t want to communicate much with these guys. After all, he was preparing to leave after fighting the God of Destruction and didn’t plan to come to this parallel universe again. If they communicated too much, it would be troublesome.

At the moment, nurturing pets was more important. Now that Buggy had finally broken through to the cosmic level, Shi Yu had something big to do.

With that said, he stepped into the Void and left, leaving Shiyu and the others looking at each other.

“Too strong…” Old man Divine Source and the others could only leave this sentence in the end.

“He’s indeed quite strong, but I’ll surpass him sooner or later,” Shiyu said. She was confident that she could reach the cosmic level in her twenties.

Wasn’t it just two cosmic pets? If she was given some time, she could also nurture them.

…

At this moment, Shi Yu had returned to the icy plain. No matter which space and time it was, he still liked this cold little place.

“Buggy is at the cosmic level. We should be able to figure out the true appearance of this fossil, right?”