Chapter 1944 - Chapter 1944: Endless Breakthrough (2)

Chapter 1944: Endless Breakthrough (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Editor: Atlas Studios

“Hu…” At this moment, the cosmic overlord was in a cylindrical technological healing cabin. This healing cabin was in magma. Shi Yu didn’t feel any destructive power from this magma. Instead, it looked like nutritional fluid.

The other party should be… absorbing the nutrition of the overlord star. This quasi-cosmic-level star gave Shi Yu a feeling that just from its recovery ability, it was already close to the World King Planet. It should have some cosmic treasure that wasn’t inferior to the Universe Tree.

“We finally meet, another transmigrator from a parallel space.” As Shi Yu arrived, the cosmic overlord in the nutritional cabin opened its eyes in the green healing liquid and stared at Shi Yu. Shi Yu could hear what he said outside.

“Cosmic overlord, Cypos,” Shi Yu said. “What’s the matter?”

Cypos said, “I want to ask you a favor.”

“What help?” He had already obtained the Jade Rabbit fossil from the other party. If it was a small favor, such as destroying the God of Destruction, Shi Yu would definitely help. It was convenient.

“I want to ask you not to kill that cat.”

Shi Yu narrowed his eyes. He knew who the cat the other party was talking about was. It should be referring to the God of Destruction.

However, according to his understanding, that cosmic God of Destruction, to be precise, should be a leopard.

It was a black-skinned and gray-spotted leopard-shaped orc. However, it was also a feline.

Sigh, as a feline, when could Teacher Cat be so fierce?

“You’re too reckless,” Shi Yu said. “You don’t want me to kill it. You want to end it personally after you recover?”

“Are you sure you can control this battle? This parallel universe might be destroyed because of you.”

“Hmph.” The cosmic overlord, Cypos, snorted and said, “This guy’s abilities are just strange. If we didn’t know its abilities at the start, we wouldn’t have been forced to do this.”

“I already know its situation. If we fight again, it will definitely lose.”

“That’s only losing, not killing,” Shi Yu said. “Sorry, I can’t agree to this request. I’ll kill that guy.”

It was mainly because Chi Tong was still waiting to use the God of Destruction as nutrients, so it naturally couldn’t not kill it.

Boom!

As Shi Yu finished speaking, the pressure of a cosmic overlord emitted from the nutritional cabin. Shi Yu felt a strong threat, but he wasn’t to be outdone. He had an indifferent expression.

Who were they scaring? They thought he was a cosmic newcomer.

“Alright.” Seeing that Shi Yu didn’t agree to its request, the cosmic overlord didn’t force it anymore. It said, “In that case, let’s talk about other things.”

“You probably want to become the holder of the universe, right?”

“Yes.” There was nothing to hide about this.

“Hmph,” Cypos said. “I originally thought that it would be that girl who finally tried to become the holder of the universe. I didn’t expect her to actually have a father, and his strength is so terrifying.”

“The other ‘me’ in the space and time you came from should also know your ambition, right?” Cypos asked.

“That’s right,” Shi Yu said with a nod.

“There will definitely be a battle between the two of you.” Cypos knew itself very well. It was impossible for it in another space and time to be indifferent to Shi Yu wanting to become the holder of the universe.

However, it was a pity that due to special reasons, the cosmic level of this space-time couldn’t resonate with itself in other parallel spaces. It couldn’t understand the situation of that space-time at all.

“Since you insist on killing the God of Destruction, in the end, can you replace the God of Destruction and fight me?” The cosmic overlord, Cypos, revealed killing intent and said, “Not with me in a parallel space, but with me!”

“You mean that I want to fight you twice.” Shi Yu looked helpless and said, “It’s so troublesome. Forget it, I’ll agree to it. It’s easier than the previous request.”

“Interesting, this universe is finally not so boring.” The cosmic overlord sighed and said, “The cosmic level is divided into two major realms. I, who was in the second realm, had no opponents a long time ago.”

“The appearance of the cosmic God of Destruction is considered a small pleasure.”

“Your appearance makes me even more excited.” In the eyes of the cosmic overlord, Shi Yu was considered part of Universe One. In the eyes of the cosmic overlord, Shi Yu’s cleansing star spirit and the Creation Dream Butterfly were also Universe One. Among them, the Creation Dream Butterfly might be considered relatively strong in Universe One.

However, if Shi Yu strengthened them, be it the cleansing star spirit or the Creation Dream Butterfly, they should be considered the second clueless in the universe. These were all opponents worth fighting. Cypos looked forward to it very much.

“Old Bull, look, I’ve already agreed to your request. Is there any equipment in your overlord treasure vault that can increase the strength of the enhancement? Give me two. It’ll be bad if I can’t defeat the cosmic God of Destruction. Although it’s as you wish, and it doesn’t have to die, it won’t be good if it comes here to cause trouble while you haven’t recovered.”

“It’s still up to me. Not only do I abide by the agreement, but I’m also determined to maintain the peace of the universe. My character is also high.” Shi Yu stretched out his hand.

Cypos gritted his teeth and said, “Kid, you’re also a greedy person. You have the demeanor of me when I was young.”

…

In the end, Shi Yu called Shiyu over. He had a father and a daughter. They plundered the overlord’s treasure vault. Shi Yu advised earnestly, “Good daughter, this is all I can do for you. In the future, don’t look for me for no reason. It’s not good to suddenly have another daughter. I haven’t found a partner.”

“Take these cosmic treasures and cultivate well. In the future, if you encounter danger, try your best to solve it yourself…”

“Shut up!”

Shiyu was furious. He despised her for being a burden so quickly. As a cosmic throne, shouldn’t he reflect on himself first if he couldn’t find a girlfriend?

Moreover, having a cosmic-level daughter for no reason was a bonus for finding a partner.

“Do you need me to set up a blind date?”

“This is a good thing. I’ll take it.” Shi Yu ignored her. After choosing for a long time, he finally chose a good thing. This thing was an era treasure of the 9th era.

Shi Yu directly threw it into the Beast Taming Space and threw it to Ling. “For you to play with.”

“Yay~” Ling was very happy. It was good stuff, this mechanical era treasure. With this, her scientific research ability could still increase. As expected of the treasure vault of a cosmic overlord. There were many good things. No wonder the technological level of the cosmic overlord army was number one in the universe.

Of course, it, Ling, was first!

In the end, Shi Yu, who had only taken two or three items, returned to Blue Planet, leaving the sulking Shiyu behind.

This time, Shi Yu didn’t stay long either. Something happened to Eleven.

“Coming, coming. As expected of Eleven, it digested it faster than Buggy.” Sensing Eleven’s movements in the Beast Taming Space, Shi Yu’s eyes lit up.

“Roar!!!”

In the Beast Taming Space, on Eleven’s star, Eleven roared like a behemoth. Its body was steaming, as if it had finally refined all the metal.

He sensed that it should be Eleven’s wonton divine body that assisted Eleven in quickly transforming and digesting the Taiji metal and the Four Holy Metals.

If the previous wonton divine body was only incomplete and only at initial success…

Then now, it could be said to have reached great success, or even perfection.

“Release to your heart’s content.”

Shi Yu flew out of Blue Planet again. He was even a little further from Blue Planet this time to avoid disturbing ordinary people.

He directly let Eleven out of the Beast Taming Space. At this moment, Buggy and the others felt that it was too fast. As expected of the Leader. As the only existence who had accepted Shi Yu’s six Beast Taming Talents, Buggy and the others also wanted to see how far the leader could reach.

The Eight Trigrams, Four Symbols, and Taiji all returned to chaos.

A huge chaotic aura swept through the starry sky, making Blue Planet tremble from top to bottom and the overlord territory tremble. It also woke up the sleeping cosmic overlord again. Of course, there was also the God of Destruction who only wanted to recover quickly.

This time, the cosmic God of Destruction, who was still recuperating, completely exploded.

“Who? Are you done? Why is there another one!!!” It had spent so much effort to eliminate the cosmic throne of this era. How long had it been before it broke through and returned?