Chapter 1942 - Chapter 1942: Birth Of The Strongest (4)

Chapter 1942: Birth of the Strongest (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Editor: Atlas Studios

After Shi Yu landed, he took out a cosmic fossil he had obtained from the Dark King.

“Wu. (Leave it to me.)” Buggy said.

“What could it be?” Ling also came out of the Beast Taming Space and was extremely curious.

Previously, even if Shi Yu strengthened Buggy and temporarily strengthened Buggy to the universe level, they couldn’t enter a dream.

But now, as Buggy broke through to the cosmic level, Shi Yu felt that if he strengthened it now, he should be able to see the true secret of this fossil.

“Dream.” Shi Yu activated his archeological ability.

Although he had stripped away the talents in the insect-element strengthening, Taiji, and other domains, Shi Yu still kept the spatial talent, a universal strengthening talent that involved archeology.

After all, not every pet had hope of reaching the cosmic level. They couldn’t not leave any talent on them.

If he didn’t even have a Beast Taming Talent, it wouldn’t be appropriate to say that he was a Beast Tamer no matter how many pets he contracted.

“Come on.” After Shi Yu strengthened Buggy through the power of space and time, both parties entered the dream fossil together. In the next moment, their vision suddenly turned pitch-black. In the dark dream world, a light source slowly appeared!

Then, it was the scene of a continent.

Success!

As expected, it couldn’t succeed previously because Buggy’s level wasn’t high enough.

This Dream Genesis that involved the Origin of Creation and the Origin of Dreams was still strong. As expected of a move that could even “resist” the restart of the universe to a certain extent.

At this moment, under Shi Yu and Buggy’s dream, they quickly successfully entered the dream world of this fossil. However, when they carefully observed this dream world, they immediately fell silent.

Because there was nothing inside the fossil…

The main body of this fossil shouldn’t be a life race in the traditional sense.

“An elemental-type life form?”

“It can’t be considered an elemental type. It’s more suitable to describe it as a planet-type race.”

Shi Yu and the others were standing on a continent. The sky, the ground, was a lifeless continent. Shi Yu and the others wanted to leave this continent and head to the starry sky to take a look, but they directly failed and were intercepted.

“I see.”

After failing in his attempt, Shi Yu strolled on this continent right on the heels of the heels. Through his Passage of Time and Luck Turns Aroundm, he circulated his archeological skills to explore the secret of this dream world.

After spending an unknown amount of time, Shi Yu finally understood.

“Wu.” Buggy looked at Shi Yu, not understanding.

Shi Yu closed his eyes slightly and opened them again. “This fossil should be from the 8th era, so it’s so difficult to enter a dream.”

“Although it’s very difficult to trace the traces of time back to the source, I still did it.”

“This guy’s experience is very valuable as a reference.” Shi Yu felt that many pets in the Beast Taming Space didn’t understand. He explained, “This guy should be a cosmic-level expert who wanted to become the holder of the universe but failed.”

“It wanted to replace the cosmic will or fuse with the cosmic will to become the maintainer of the universe, but it didn’t succeed. Or rather, it succeeded in a portion. It only let a portion of itself integrate into the cosmic will until this era. It was treated as trash by the cosmic will and excreted into a cosmic treasure.”

Little Ji: “?”

“Yi! (If you’re not human, you can also contract the universe?)”

“I don’t know. This is a continent-type life form. It turned into an earth-element life form on the continent. During its prosperous period, it should be like the World King Planet. Many races and experts survive on it until the universe is destroyed…”

“Although it might not be able to contract like a human, there’s probably a skill like Buggy’s Universe Devourer. It might be a cosmic fusion skill…” Shi Yu said, “Regardless of whether it’s a human or not, I understand that it can come to this era, but I really don’t understand how that God of Destruction from the first era came to this era.”

“So, it’s pretty lucky, right?” Ling said. “Although it’s not a human, its experience contracting the universe should be able to help you, Master, right?”

“Well, I’ll study it carefully. It should be able to help. Even if it can increase the success rate by 1%, it’s very rare.”

“Roar!! Roar!!” At this moment, in the Beast Taming Space, Little Ji also cried out excitedly. That’s right, that’s right. Big Sister Ling was the Lady Luck.

Not only was this helpful to Shi Yu, but when Shi Yu didn’t need it anymore, he could also give it Little Ji!

When it heard that the source of the fossil was the embodiment of the will of a continent, Little Ji climaxed.

In the universe, creating a continent had always been Little Ji’s dream. Although the main body of this fossil was a continental life form, it was at least familiar with it. It should be able to load it, right??

Apart from the fact that Shi Yu regarded it as cosmic excrement, Little Ji was very unhappy. Everything else was pretty good.

“You really hit the jackpot.” Shi Yu was speechless. Little Ji was a fool.

After he finished researching, he could really throw it to Ling and Little Ji to try and see if Little Ji could obtain some pretty good skills from this cosmic continent life form.