Chapter 1940 - Chapter 1940: Birth Of The Strongest (2)

Chapter 1940: Birth of the Strongest (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Editor: Atlas Studios

“If I eat all of them, I should be able to recover immediately.”

The cosmic overlord made a judgment.

“Forget it, if it can recover naturally, it’s better not to cause unnecessary trouble in this state. The other party isn’t weak. In its weak state, it might not necessarily win.” The cosmic God of Destruction originally coveted it very much, but in the end, it gave up. It had injured its origin, so it wasn’t suitable to be happy in this state.

The cosmic overlord and the cosmic destruction god were purely overthinking. Buggy didn’t plan to give outsiders a chance to fight for the favor of the universe at all.

This phenomenon naturally attracted countless Star Domain experts. Many experts wanted to fight for the favor of the universe excitedly, but in the next moment, they were mercilessly killed into nothingness by Buggy’s killing intent that crossed space and time.

“Wu!!!” Its body seemed to have turned into a devouring hole. Even the Sea of Grace and the avatar of grace were quickly devoured by it.

In fact, this wasn’t the kindness of the universe that took the initiative to descend. Although Buggy had swallowed the stone, it couldn’t trigger a kindness of this scale with the stone. This was a magnificent feat completed by Buggy with the combination skill of the “Universe Devourer” and the “power of the stone”.

It could be said that this cosmic favor wasn’t voluntarily given by the cosmic will, but snatched by Buggy.

The incomparably vast kindness of the universe wasn’t allowed to be touched by anyone at all. After all, it had snatched it himself, so why should it be given to others? If Shi Yu wanted his teammates, Buggy naturally didn’t mind, but in this situation, the entire team was looking forward to Buggy breaking through, so naturally, no one fought with it.

After the power of the universe’s favor in the continuous Sea of Stars was devoured by Buggy, another phenomenon appeared in the starry sky.

Buggy’s entire body emitted an evolution light that shot into the galaxy like its aura. At this moment, everyone’s eyes suddenly widened as they discovered an unbelievable scene. Under Buggy’s aura, everyone felt that they were instantly pulled into another universe.

Not only the experts of Blue Planet, but at this moment, all the experts in the universe had the illusion of entering a dream for an instant.

This rope-in range even included the cosmic overlord recuperating in the depths of the Overlord Planet, including the God of Destruction who hid in the crack of space and time with other epoch methods.

The two of them widened their eyes in disbelief, unable to understand why this little worm’s power could affect them.

The cosmic overlord was still alright, but the cosmic God of Destruction was immediately shocked. It immediately broke free from the restraints of this “dream universe” and kept jumping through space and time to prevent the other party from finding it.

In fact, Buggy had no intention of looking for the God of Destruction at all. It was purely because its current power involved the origin power of creation in the universe, directly affecting the entire universe in the form of a dream.

In the incomparably pitch-black cosmic dream realm, it seemed to be nurturing a terrifying creation creature. It was born in endless light, making the egg-like universe turn from dark to light, and dense white spatial cracks began to appear.

What was unbelievable was that waves of dragon might gradually emitted from these spatial cracks. Green divine dragons leaped from them one after another, forming the scene of ten thousand dragons dancing together in the world of light.

Each of these Green Dragons carried a cosmic pressure, making the experts who could maintain their consciousness and watch reveal incomparably shocked expressions. This was because most experts weren’t unfamiliar with the power contained in these Green Dragons.

“One of the cosmic throne in the 10th Era, Green Dragon!”

Lu Qingyi was the first to speak. No one expected that the evolution phenomenon of this worm would actually have the shadow of a Green Dragon. Moreover, these Green Dragons actually seemed to be celebrating the birth of something, and signs of dancing appeared.

This scene was really surprising, because most people didn’t understand why the insect race could be related to the Green Dragon, let alone why the hierarchy of both parties seemed to be higher than that insect egg.

“Roar!!!”

At this moment, under the dragon dance of the Creation God Dragons of the last era, the light ball became larger and larger. They kept circling in the starry sky. In the end, they focused and all the divine dragons entered the most dazzling light ball.

Boom!

The light ball finally broke open. A creature that seemed to be enough to support the birth of the cosmic world, like the most primitive god of creation in the universe, gradually displayed its full appearance.

Its figure was like a dream. It had a shining green luster and a white luster. It was incomparably holy and emitted endless vitality. The entire surface of its wings was like a green Sea of Stars blooming with countless white flowers. It was extremely gorgeous and displayed the highest image.

Shi Yu and the others held their breaths. They could see that Buggy’s current posture was very similar to the Butterfly of Imagination, but the Butterfly of Imagination was blue. And now, Buggy had retained the green color from the Green Silkworm era. In addition to the white color of the worm silk, it had completed a new transformation and suppressed all external bloodlines, purely raising its worm bloodline to the extreme.

Boom!!!

At this moment, Buggy had undoubtedly completed the breakthrough and evolution of the universe level. In an instant, Shi Yu sensed a completely different change when Buggy broke through from Susu.

When Susu broke through, although its strength had increased in all aspects and the power of the origin wave was stronger, the essence of the skill didn’t have any new transformation.

However, Buggy was different. After it completed its evolution breakthrough, one of its skills completed a gorgeous transformation and directly upgraded to a super divine skill. Buggy directly became the first pet in Shi Yu’s team to have two super divine skills!!

“Wu…” Buggy’s voice was like a huge earthquake in the starry sky, shaking the entire universe. At this moment, the cosmic overlord and the God of Destruction, who had hidden in the cracks of other spaces, were a little shocked.