Chapter 1947 - Chapter 1947: Chaos Divine Demon (3)

Chapter 1947: Chaos Divine Demon (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Editor: Atlas Studios

Although the other skills about the God of Destruction were also very unbelievable, they were still within the range of everyone’s understanding.

Boom!!

It was the birth and destruction of another dream universe. Buggy kept retreating. It didn’t expect the God of Destruction to be so fierce. Even the Empress and Susu believed that they couldn’t instantly destroy the first dream universe it created, but the God of Destruction could destroy it with a stretch of its hand. It was really disgusting.

“What other abilities do you have? Next time, I’ll destroy them all.” After constantly destroying the dream universe created by Buggy, the God of Destruction came behind Buggy again and aimed its palm at it.

“I’m not playing with you anymore. I’ll let you out.” However, this time, Buggy spoke, as if it planned to give up the battle.

In the next moment.

The dream universe shattered, but the God of Destruction, who had finally come out, didn’t feel any joy. Instead, its expression turned cold.

Buggy naturally wouldn’t let the other party out out of goodwill. Letting the other party out meant that there was no need for it to stall for time.

At this moment, all the yin and yang energies contributed by the universe had already fused into Eleven’s body, making Eleven, who was as huge as countless star areas, seem to be shrinking in a chaotic egg like a chicken.

The terrifying aura coming from inside made the God of Destruction’s expression turn cold.

“Chaos Divine Demon, I understand. In the countless parallel spaces of the 11th era, you should be the strongest in this era, right?”

In the next moment.

Boom!!

The chaos was opened, and the huge Eleven had already disappeared. Only a normal panda more than a meter tall was left. Its entire body erupted with fluctuations made of black and white flames. Its expression was calm. Although it stood there quietly, the terrifying aura completely restrained on its body made the cosmic god and cosmic overlord’s hearts tremble.

“Universe Two.”

“It has reached Universe Two. It just broke through and reached this realm. And the most terrifying thing is…” The cosmic overlord stared at the owner of this panda, Shi Yu.

The moment Eleven broke through, there was also a chaotic divine aura lingering around Shi Yu. It wasn’t that Eleven broke through alone, but that Shi Yu and Eleven complemented each other. It was hard to say if Shi Yu’s breakthrough into Universe Two led Eleven to break through to Universe Two, or if Eleven’s breakthrough Universe Two led Shi Yu to break through to Universe Two.

No matter what, an extremely unscientific scene had appeared. Two overlord-level figures of the universe were born in this universe at the same time, and their battle power belonged to the violent combination that could be multiplied.

“F*ck…” The God of Destruction cracked again, feeling that it was even worse.

“Hu.” In the universe, Shi Yu clenched his fists and felt endless power surging out of his body. He felt that the price of stripping his talent was nothing. After all, the breakthrough of his pet could also give him stronger stats.

“Eleven!!” Eleven also kept roaring in the world. As Shi Yu gave the order, it looked in a certain direction with warpath in its eyes and locked onto the cosmic God of Destruction that Buggy had just released.

“Damn it.”

Seeing Eleven’s situation, the God of Destruction was shocked. It felt that the aura on Eleven’s body was extremely dangerous. Shi Yu had added all the power of Universe Two’s realm to Eleven, causing Eleven’s battle power to reach an extreme.

“Eleven, cripple it!”

Boom.

Just as Shi Yu gave the order, Eleven crossed space and time and descended beside the God of Destruction like an ancient god. Its breakthrough evolution, be it its appearance or skills, didn’t change much.

If one had to say, the Chaos Divine Body was perfect, making Eleven’s physique reach a terrifying level. This physique seemed to really be like the Creation God Pangu, with extreme power. Eleven only punched the God of Destruction close to him, and the other party’s expression changed drastically.

Boom!!

The fist that swept up destructive divine power and Eleven’s fist that swept up chaotic divine power collided. In an instant, the God of Destruction felt its arm fall apart. The terrifying impact instantly devoured it. The powerful fist wind directly turned into a disaster countless times more terrifying than the Starry Sky Storm and blasted deeper into the universe with the God of Destruction.

“Hiss.” Buggy, who had just appeared, was shocked by Eleven’s power when it saw this scene. However, when it recalled that Eleven and Shi Yu had superimposed, it was relieved. But even so, it was still very terrifying. It felt that the power displayed by Eleven now wasn’t much inferior to the other party’s destructive divine power.

“Who are you?”

At this moment, the violent universe boom let the experts know that a certain freak had collided with the God of Destruction. At that moment, Shi Yu chased after the God of Destruction and came to the place where its body stopped. He looked at the broken God of Destruction and said, “Tell me your identity.”

“You…” The God of Destruction was still lively after being sent flying countless star domains. It stared at Shi Yu intently. This sentence was clearly what it wanted to say.

It only wanted to know where this human in front of it came from. Not only did he have so many terrifying pets, but he also seemed to have the intention to kill it from the start.

“Do you think victory is in your grasp just like that?” Although it had seen Eleven and Shi Yu’s powerful strength, the God of Destruction was still very calm.

“What else?” Shi Yu didn’t spoil this guy either.

Apart from Eleven and Buggy, who had just arrived beside him, Shi Yu stretched out his arm in the next moment. The Infinite Summoning Array behind him activated, and the cosmic Sea of Stars Sprite Susu appeared with a bang.

Then, accompanied by a terrifying mental wave that was close to Universe Two, the figure of the Super Empress appeared indifferently in the universe.