Chapter 1948 - Chapter 1948: Chaos Divine Demon (4)

Chapter 1948: Chaos Divine Demon (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Editor: Atlas Studios

“What?”

At this moment, the God of Destruction’s expression turned cold. It didn’t expect Shi Yu to summon another cosmic level.

Moreover, on the Super Empress, it also felt that the other party wasn’t as simple as the peak of ordinary Universe Onw. It seemed that just the cultivation system of an era had reached the peak of Universe One. Coupled with the power system of another era, its battle power was close to Universe Two.

This wasn’t the end. Baby Ginseng, Ling, Little Ji, Duckie, Little Zi, Shorty, Qi… Shi Yu summoned his pets one after another.

“Yi!!” “Roar!!” All of them looked evil as they stared at the God of Destruction.

Then, the most ridiculous scene appeared. Shi Yu’s gaze turned cold as he used his strength on every pet. In the next moment, the aura of this group of pets attacked Universe 1.

“How about this?” Shi Yu shouted.

After reaching Universe Two, Shi Yu obtained a new ability, which was to strengthen multiple pets to the cosmic level at the same time. The price was naturally the accelerated consumption of physical strength. If it was said that previously, he had only strengthened one pet to the cosmic level, and it wasn’t a problem for him to fight for 100,000 years, then now, there might only be a few hours of battle time.

But even so, it was enough. More than ten cosmic-level auras covered the universe together. Without a doubt, it alarmed all races and shocked all experts.

“Human Beast Tamers are really the favorites of the world. They can actually do this.” The cosmic overlord was stunned. It knew that cosmic Beast Tamers were very strong and could strengthen any pet to the cosmic level.

However, he didn’t expect that a Beast Tamer with the second clueless in the universe could actually strengthen multiple pets to the cosmic level at the same time.

“Abnormal.” On Blue Planet, a cat sensed the dozen or so terrifying pressure in the starry sky and said, “Is this something a human can do? More than ten cosmic levels? In the last era, there were only 16 cosmic levels in total. Now, he did it alone. Is this scientific?”

“Damn, I really want to be a pet of a cosmic Beast Tamer. I also want to experience the cosmic level,” the gem cat said enviously.

“Teacher Ying, forget it. I feel that when you reach the peak of the super divine level, even a cosmic level might not necessarily be able to strengthen you to the cosmic level. For the sake of the heroic reputation of a cosmic-level Beast Tamer, you should be more free,” Shiyu said.

The gem cat: “?”

At that moment, the entire universe stared at the Cosmic Sea where more than ten cosmic auras erupted. Their hearts trembled and their hearts raced.

They kept feeling that the universe was about to be destroyed in the next moment.

“I almost forgot. This realm can already do this kind of thing.” The cosmic Destruction God regretted it in its heart, very much.

Looking at Shi Yu’s smug and annoying face, it wanted to punch its previous self. Why did it have to recuperate in peace?

This human was simply not following the routine. Cosmic-level pets came one after another, and he even gave himself feedback to break through. Could he be more shameless?

It understood that a fierce battle was inevitable. Moreover, it was very likely that it would die in this guy’s hands.

“Damn it, if I were at my peak now… If I have the ability, I’ll do it one by one!” The God of Destruction said angrily. He regretted asking.

“You wish,” Shi Yu said. “However, I’ll satisfy you.”

Shi Yu was just trying out his new ability. Just as he finished speaking, Eleven rushed forward alone and hit the God of Destruction’s abdomen with the Chaos Divine Fist.

Boom!

Boom!

Boom!

There were a total of three voices. The first voice was that a huge hole was penetrated in the God of Destruction’s abdomen. The second voice was that it spat out countless divine blood. The third voice was that its pupils directly turned white and lost their luster.

“Wuu!!!” Eleven roared and pulled the other party’s body forward, looking like a monster.

Seeing this scene, Shorty and the others swallowed their saliva. They felt that the leader was a little too fierce now. If it weren’t for the fact that he had let them break through time and time again, the God of Destruction wouldn’t be in such a miserable state. At this moment, they begged for the trauma of the God of Destruction.