Chapter 1955 - Chapter 1955: New Cosmic Overlord (2)

Chapter 1955: New Cosmic Overlord (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Editor: Atlas Studios

“Sorry, you have to believe your eyes,” Shi Yu said with a smile. As expected, Teacher Cat from this parallel universe was more intimate.

It was mainly because the cat girl looked more pleasing to the eye. The other one was already at the divine level but didn’t know Shapeshift. Boo!

“Shi Yu… This is…” Blue Planet’s Will, Goddess Wa, and the others also came over with shocked expressions, especially Goddess Wa. She, who had dealt with cosmic overlords many times, was the most stunned.

This was the premonition dream Cypos mentioned??

Was Cypos dreaming of getting beaten up?

No, the key was why Shi Yu had become so strong!!!

“Yes…” Shi Yu looked at them and said, “Because of something, I called all the cosmic levels over. I think it’s necessary to tell you these things.”

…

Blue Planet…

Inatella.

After finding a place to stay, Shi Yu also told these peak super divine masters on Blue Planet what he had said in the cosmic meeting.

Upon hearing Shi Yu’s description, Blue Planet’s Will and the others became extremely serious.

But at the same time, their shock was simply a drop in the bucket compared to the shock of the entire universe.

Because of their relationship with Shi Yu, Zi Jian’s special forces were like fish in water in the cosmic overlord army. After all, from a certain perspective, the Milky Way Overlord, Shi Yu, was also a member of the cosmic overlord army and had once joined Zi Jian’s special forces.

With a cosmic-level team, he could ask the other armies if they were afraid.

Captain Zi Jian was now incomparably comfortable. The Demolishing Divine Bull examiner in the team also preferred to talk about how he had tested Shi Yu…

But today, Zi Jian’s special forces exploded.

Because…

The cosmic overlord army announced the highest information.

The original cosmic overlord, Cypos, lost the battle of laws with the Milky Way Overlord, Shi Yu!

From then on, the cosmic overlord changed hands.

The cosmic overlord army changed its name to the Cypos Army. In the army, no one was allowed to use the name of the cosmic overlord randomly.

“F*ck!!!” Captain Zi Jian’s canine teeth almost collapsed as she looked at this notice in disbelief.

“Moo!!!” Beside her, the shocked voice of the Demolishing Divine Bull, Examiner Jermon, also came. Shi Yu had defeated a cosmic overlord??

Why was this guy leveling up like a cheat? Just sealing and assassinating wasn’t enough, and now, even the status of the cosmic overlord had been shaken?!

This situation happened everywhere in the universe. First, there was a huge commotion in the cosmic overlord army. Then, some organizations with top-notch intelligence abilities also knew about the changes in the cosmic overlord army.

On World King Planet, there were more people who were familiar with Shi Yu here. When this internal announcement of the Cypos Army reached World King Planet, shocked voices immediately came from this place. It wasn’t inferior to the sound wave-type natural disaster that happened on World King Planet.

Many super divines of the older generation had experienced countless years and seen many geniuses rise like comets, but they quickly disappeared. However, this was the first time they had seen someone like Shi Yu.

The strongest demigod, the strongest divine level, the strongest super divine… It even took less than 20 years to defeat a supreme master.

Being the son of the universe was no longer enough to describe Shi Yu’s legendary nature.

“It’s simply the biological father of the cosmic will!!” Many experts of the older generation stuttered. They didn’t expect that they could still live to see the major changes in the history of the universe.

…

Strangers were already shocked, but Shi Yu’s acquaintances, such as the emperors of Dong Huang, Divine Source, President Lin Xiao, and the Dragon God, were even more dizzy when they learned the news.

Of course, for the Blue Planet, the most important thing at this moment was actually still the maintenance.

Shi Yu didn’t want to tell too many people about his attempt to contract the universe, but he couldn’t surpass some people.

“I don’t know how long later, but there’s no need to be so worried. Contracting the universe is just a final plan. If we can solve the hidden dangers of the universe through other methods in advance during this period, there’s no need to contract the universe in such a hurry.”

After Shi Yu explained them one by one, they lay on Eleven to rest in a sage mode.

“Next, it’s time to study that continent fossil. Then, I’ll study the memories of the God of Destruction in detail. Of course, I have to observe and pay attention to the situation in the parallel universe at all times.”

“Leave it to me!”

Only Shi Yu’s exclusive secretary, Ling, could react so decisively and agree to Shi Yu’s mission.

Shi Yu smiled.

It could be said that creating Ling was the most correct thing for a lazy person like him to do.

In order to let Ling have a better cosmic monitoring ability, Shi Yu felt that it was time for the entire team to work hard to help Ling break through.

Shi Yu’s defeat of Cypos shocked the world. No one expected that the God Sealing King would become the strongest in the universe in a short period of time. However, even if it really happened, this indeed had nothing to do with most people.

Most ordinary people and even transcendent people were still active in their small circle. Not everyone had the ability to come into contact with the vastness of the universe. Compared to the change in the position of cosmic overlord, they might be more concerned about their own small matters. This was the truth.

However, Shi Yu had indeed left a deep mark in the 11th era. When people who didn’t know him heard Shi Yu’s legend, they felt that it was like a mythical legend, but some people who had come into contact with Shi Yu kept feeling extremely emotional.

Of course, Shi Yu becoming a cosmic overlord also brought about an obvious change. The universe was much more peaceful, and the Cypos Army had temporarily restrained themselves a lot. The mercenary business was no longer on the surface, so there was naturally no war between the Cosmic Sea and various parties.

Many experts knew that this change was definitely related to Shi Yu. Or perhaps Shi Yu didn’t explicitly ask for this, but the universe becoming like this was definitely affected by Shi Yu.