Chapter 1951 - Chapter 1951: Persecuting The Cow Again (1)

Chapter 1951: Persecuting the Cow Again (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Editor: Atlas Studios

Upon hearing Shi Yu’s voice, the few cosmic levels were quite puzzled.

Why wasn’t this kid cultivating obediently in his galaxy? Why was he doing a cosmic meeting?

However, they still had to give face to the new cosmic level expert.

“Interesting, let’s see what you’ve done again,” Cypos muttered to itself.

“There’s definitely nothing good.” The Beastmaster was helpless, but it knew that Shi Yu wasn’t to be trifled with and didn’t dare to not keep the appointment.

“I can take a look at its recent situation.” The Worm Queen thought about Buggy.

“The future direction of the universe, could it be…” The originally sleeping World King had also recovered a little essence energy with Shi Yu’s help for more than ten years.

In an instant, the will projections of the four cosmic-levels descended into the Milky Way.

For cosmic-levels, they could go anywhere in the universe. Their use of space and time could already easily cross half the universe.

In order to not cause a commotion, when the will projection descended into the Milky Way, the World King, the Worm Queen, and the Beastmaster were very polite and didn’t reveal their aura.

However, for the unscrupulous and unrestrained Cypos, it didn’t care about anything at all. It didn’t deliberately hide its aura. This was its personality, so the moment it descended, the Milky Way immediately trembled.

“This is… the aura of the cosmic overlord, Cypos!!!” On Blue Planet’s Will, Goddess Wa, Master Floating Light, and the others were immediately stunned. They didn’t understand why Cypos had descended into the Milky Way at this time.

Soon, the four cosmic will projections arrived in front of Shi Yu.

However, when they saw Shi Yu, they were slightly stunned. They felt that Shi Yu should have improved again.

At least in terms of hiding aura, it was already impeccable. Even they couldn’t tell Shi Yu’s depth at this moment. They felt that Shi Yu was like an ordinary person.

“Tell me, what do you mean by discussing the future direction of the universe?” Cypos said.

Its thick arms were wrapped around its chest, and it had the posture of a big boss. Its face was like that of an ox-headed demon, and it was fierce. It had a much stronger aura than the heavily injured Cypos in the parallel universe.

Shi Yu smiled and said, “This is what happened.”

“I’ve already decided to become the holder of the universe, and I might contract the universe soon.”

Buzz!

As Shi Yu finished speaking, the expressions of the Beastmaster, the Worm Queen, and the others turned cold.

Although they expected that with Shi Yu’s terrifying talent potential, he would sooner or later set his eyes on the holder of the universe.

However, Shi Yu was too fast. His current age was simply pitifully small in the eyes of them, who had lived for billions of years.

“Huh?” Even the cosmic overlord didn’t expect Shi Yu to be in such a hurry.

“This is what happened.” At this moment, a stone chair appeared behind Shi Yu. He slowly sat down and crossed his legs. “I didn’t want to be in such a hurry either.”

“After all, even if I have this ambition, isn’t it better to prepare more?”

“But the situation has already exceeded expectations.”

“During this period of time, I was guided to a parallel universe completely isolated from our space and time.”

“A monster appeared in that universe. It killed the World King, the Dark King, the Beastmaster, and the Worm Queen. Even the cosmic overlord… is half dead.”

“It can be said that he fought the 11th era’s cosmic-level beings alone.”

“Impossible!!!” When Shi Yu finished speaking, the Beastmaster was the first to retort.

The other cosmic levels, including the cosmic overlord, also had doubtful expressions. It was really too unbelievable.

“Because that parallel universe is blocked from our space and time. You can’t sense it here, so it’s normal that you don’t believe me. However, that monster indeed has the strength.”

“It came from before the 1st era. It was the pet of the previous holder of the universe.”

“With the destructive divine power bestowed by a universe master, even a cosmic life form can easily destroy it,” Shi Yu said. “The other party revived in that parallel universe. Its goal is to destroy this universe.”

“As for why it wants to destroy the universe, the reason is very complicated. I can’t be bothered to talk about it.”

“The current situation is that fortunately, I’m invincible and successfully killed it. However, it has already riddled that parallel universe with holes. I’m afraid it won’t be long before that universe dies and restarts. Moreover, this process will be accompanied by unknown risks.”

“At that time, that parallel universe will be finished. The other parallel universes will also have a chain reaction. Either they will be heavily or lightly affected, and there’s a high chance that they will also be finished.”

“If we want to avoid this situation, we can only find a person to become the holder of the universe and extend the life of the universe and eliminate the unknown hidden dangers in the universe.”

The few cosmic-level beings present felt that Shi Yu’s words were getting more and more ridiculous.

Even the pet of the previous holder of the universe came out?

Was he telling a story?

“Little brat, are you confused by the Dark King’s virus entering your body?” Cypos was almost speechless.

How could Shi Yu, this brat, destroy a guy who not only fought five cosmic-levels alone, but even destroyed four and heavily injured one?

Cypos admitted that Shi Yu wasn’t weak, but his strength wasn’t enough to achieve such a feat.

“I know this is very difficult to accept, but that’s the situation in that parallel universe.” Shi Yu shrugged and said, “I could destroy the other party because I had a new breakthrough.”

With that said, Shi Yu released his aura. The power of Universe Two was undoubtedly displayed. He was like a primeval ferocious beast, a humanoid version of a cosmic overlord!!

The pupils of the few cosmic-level beings who originally had doubts about Shi Yu immediately constricted.