Chapter 1958 - Chapter 1958: Changing History

Chapter 1958: Changing History

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Editor: Atlas Studios

Milky Way!

Outside the Little Zi Star!

On the day Shi Yu decided to contract the universe, no one bid farewell, apart from his pets.

However, under the gaze of the pets, he took a deep breath and closed his eyes.

“Body, heart, will…”

Apart from Chi Tong, who had already entered the Beast Taming Space, the other pets were watching outside.

At this moment, spatial ripples spread on Shi Yu’s body and his figure slowly disappeared. The pets knew that Shi Yu was the first step to transform everything into the will of the Beast Taming Space.

After becoming the final cosmic will, it would first become the cosmic will of the small universe of its Beast Taming Space.

Only in this way could he have the qualifications to contract with the great universe.

Rather than saying it was a contract, it was more like it was the counter to the superior!

Occupy it and replace it!

“Wuu!!” As Shi Yu disappeared, the pets could still feel Shi Yu’s voice, Shi Yu’s existence, and even communicate with Shi Yu.

However, slowly…

As time passed, as Shi Yu tried to let the Beast Taming Space resonate and fuse with the universe’s space and time, he entered the most difficult moment. At this moment, he didn’t have any extra energy to split his mind to chat with the pets in the outside world.

It was even a little difficult for him to think about some things.

Because he also had to welcome the universe. He didn’t know if the cosmic will was considered a strong resistance…

…

No one knew how many times the universe had restarted before these 11 eras or how many universe holders there once were.

Those who maintained it might be born to pursue supreme power, or they might not want themselves, their relatives, and friends to be forced to become universe masters after the universe restarted and died.

No one knew about their will and obsession when they contracted the universe, but Shi Yu might be the first to try to break through the defense of the cosmic will with verbal attacks.

Although his consciousness was blurry, Shi Yu’s sweet little mouth was still chattering.

“Little Universe, stop resisting. Contract with me.”

“I promise you, just 10 billion years. You don’t have to resist during this process. When the time comes, I’ll leave myself.”

“Just treat me as a friend. See if the previous generation’s guardian pet wants to kill you or if I saved you!”

“It’s meaningless to keep restarting…”

As if it were instinctual, words flowed from Shi Yu’s mouth without repeating themselves, rambling on to the universe, which may or may not have had any awareness.

In fact, after knowing that after becoming the holder of the universe, the cosmic will still wouldn’t destroy and would still resist, Shi Yu had a new goal.

Now, this universe belonged to someone else after all. He just had to become a universe master for a period of time in exchange for time to develop.

After seeing Buggy’s Dream Genesis, Shi Yu felt that perhaps they could still pursue a higher realm.

For example, creating a real universe himself.

At that time, it didn’t matter if he was still the maintainer of this universe. It was fine to return the power to the original universe.

“Mi…” Chi Tong’s consciousness was blurred along with Shi Yu. The Beast Taming Space and the universe space and time overlapped and fused. Chi Tong, who was inside, felt far more pressure than Eleven and the others in the outside world.

In the outside world.

As Shi Yu began to contract the universe, the pets also looked at each other and nodded before leaving.

Without the restraints of a Beast Tamer, the size of the universe was their stage.

However, these pets only had one goal.

To help Shi Yu.

The ones that had yet to reach the cosmic level could think of ways to train, cultivate, and break through to the cosmic level themselves.

As for the ones that had reached the cosmic level, they would think of ways to earn money and resources to feedback to Shi Yu.

“Wuu…” Eleven rubbed its fists and left. It planned to replicate Cypos’s old path and let itself become the strongest in the universe without relying on Beast Tamers to become the new cosmic overlord. It would create the richest Milky Way Army in the universe and create an invincible battle race, the Iron-eating Beast Race, to fight in the universe for it and earn resources!

“Yi. (It’s time.)” Baby Ginseng also left. It planned to continue spreading the Great Dao and gather the power of the supplement races in the entire universe to feedback to itself, nourishing Shi Yu and also breaking through to the cosmic level.

Every pet had its own goal.

Before long, the experts in the Milky Way discovered Shi Yu’s various pets. They suddenly began to be active everywhere in the universe alone.

This made Blue Planet’s Will and the others understand that Shi Yu had probably already started to contract the universe.

…

Shi Yu began to contract the universe. At first, only Shi Yu’s pets knew. Then, seeing the state of Shi Yu’s pets, Shi Yu’s acquaintances guessed this one after another.

However, what made some people realize that something was wrong was still the first round of resistance from the cosmic will.

Inside Overlord Planet, the sleeping cosmic overlord suddenly opened its eyes and snorted.

“Has it started?”

“Get lost, don’t try to interfere with me.”

It muttered to itself, not knowing what it was saying.

In the Worm Mother Nest.

After obtaining the power of Buggy’s bloodline feedback, the Worm Queen, who was in seclusion to break through to a higher realm, suddenly opened her eyes.

“Is this the first resistance mechanism of the universe?”

The cosmic emperors immediately sensed that the cosmic will was wiping away the traces of Shi Yu’s existence.

The first thing that was reflected was memories.

In the universe, the memories of all life forms regarding Shi Yu slowly disappeared.

Unlike when Shi Yu contracted the Empress, where his pets gradually forgot and outsiders were unaffected, this time, the contracted pets remained unaffected, but outsiders without any contract connection to Shi Yu were severely disturbed by the will of the universe.

However, this level of interference could naturally be easily resisted by the cosmic emperors. If the cosmic will wanted to erase their memories, it wasn’t enough.

However, it was very terrifying for those below the cosmic emperor.

From every young Beast Tamer on Blue Planet who regarded Shi Yu as their idol to a super divine peak like the gem cat, they were vaguely stunned. They kept feeling that they had forgotten something.

Space and time were being corrected. Even some of the history Shi Yu had once created and some documents and movies that recorded Shi Yu had been modified and erased.

Facing Shi Yu, who wanted to control it, the cosmic will wanted to completely eliminate Shi Yu from the origin level.

It didn’t take long for the entire universe to forget the name Shi Yu. They also forgot Shi Yu’s pets and experiences.

Just like that, the greatest historical break in the 11th era, the most strange lost historical phenomenon, appeared.

Shi Yu had actually anticipated this because both the owner of the God of Destruction and other beings on the continent faced similar resistance from the universe when they attempted to dominate it.

Firstly, he would be completely forgotten by the universe.

However, could he really be forgotten?

The cosmic will still couldn’t change the memories of the cosmic level, which gave Shi Yu a chance to cheat.

Shi Yu didn’t care about the memories of people he didn’t know. If it were 20 years ago, he might have pursued his reputation very vainly, but now, after becoming a universe supreme master for so many years, it no longer mattered.

As long as those familiar faces with good relationships didn’t forget him.

And it wasn’t difficult to do this.

At the headquarters of the Milky Way Archeological Association, the president, Lu Qingyi, stood in the pavilion and looked at the starry sky with a confused gaze. She kept feeling that she had forgotten something important, but no matter what, she couldn’t remember what it was.

“Ning.”

But at this moment, a slime the color of a starry sky opened the spatial door and appeared in front of her.

“You are…” Lu Qingyi looked at Susu and had even forgotten her memories of Susu. All her memories of this universe had been corrected to the fact that Shi Yu didn’t exist.

“Ning.” Susu took out a pendant that looked like a memory water drop and handed it to the other party.

Lu Qingyi was momentarily stunned as she took the memory droplet. In the next instant, all of Shi Yu’s memories—from the cracked statue in Pingcheng, Donghuang, to Blue Planet, and the prodigy who could hear the sound of history—returned completely, with Susu’s help, from the very beginning of everything.

During this process, Lu Qingyi broke out in cold sweat and panted heavily.

“Susu~”

“It’s me!” Susu said happily.

“Is this one of the side effects of contracting the universe?”

“Yes.”

“It’s all thanks to you…” Lu Qingyi said with lingering fear, “My memories have actually been rewritten. I didn’t notice at all.”

“It’s alright. With me around, don’t worry. This is a mission Shi Yu gave me,” Susu said. “If you’re alright, I’ll help the others.”

“Wait, how’s his situation?”

“I don’t know,” Susu shook its head and said.

“Is that so…”

Shi Yu didn’t allow Susu to restore the entire universe’s memories of him, as that would provoke a stronger resistance from the universe. Instead, he only restored a small and selective portion of the memories that were worth recovering.

No one expected this process to be extremely long. It was the first intense confrontation between Shi Yu and the cosmic will.

…

“The universe is forgetting me, and my strength is weakening.” After an unknown period of time, Shi Yu’s blurry consciousness sobered up a little. He didn’t know how the situation in the outside world was, nor did he know how long had passed.

He felt that his stamina was falling rapidly, but there was an endless stream of stamina replenishing from the outside world.

It should be Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, and the others…