Chapter 1957 - Chapter 1957: Contracting The Universe (1)

Chapter 1957: Contracting the Universe (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Editor: Atlas Studios

Shi Yu didn’t really want to be a suck up to the cat.

Instead, the closer he got to contracting the universe, the more uneasy Shi Yu felt.

Although he kept saying that he wanted the universe to be eternal and that he wanted to be eternal with his pets…

Shi Yu firmly believed that doing this kind of thing that could be said to be the most difficult thing in the universe would make him uneasy even if he prepared for another billion years.

Shi Yu knew that he was sometimes very arrogant. However, he was only arrogant when he had the confidence to win, or when even if he lost the bet, he wouldn’t lose much benefits. At most, he would damage his reputation… In any case, he was shameless, so it didn’t matter.

Moreover, the risk of contracting the universe clearly exceeded shamelessness.

It was true that he wanted to take a walk. Not only did he want to find Teacher Cat, but Shi Yu also wanted to look around for traces of walking before contracting the universe.

“Wuu.”

Shi Yu wanted to go and relax, so Eleven naturally accompanied him. Shi Yu touched Eleven’s head. Both parties had arrived at Ping Cheng, and the current Ping Cheng had long changed.

Its current economic level could already be said to be a first-level city. Of course, what surprised Shi Yu the most was the candidate for the president of the Beast Tamer Association in Ping Cheng.

Shi Yu and the others walked to the foot of the Beast Tamer Association building and looked up, transmigrating into space and time.

A gentle and elegant bespectacled young man was working hard. Beside his leg, a Quas-Armored Beast God was napping on the ground.

The most special thing in the room was a large photo frame hanging on the wall. In the photo frame was a photo of the battlefield. On both sides of the arena, two young people were in high spirits and sent out their pets.

Mid-level transcendent, Quas-Armored Beast!

Mid-level transcendent, Iron-eating Beast!

A photo seemed to have been cut from the surveillance video and was fixed at the moment the judge announced the start of the competition.

“His name should be Chen Kai,” Shi Yu said. “Our first opponent actually became the president of Ping Cheng, and his pet has become so powerful… He should have had some fortuitous encounter.”

“Sob, sob!” Eleven was also very surprised.

Well, they didn’t know what position the old President Feng, who had brought them to fleece the Evolution Holy Spring, had already risen to.

At this moment, even the owner of Bamboo Stone Dojo had changed.

As Shi Yu walked around, he realized that Senior Panda and her father should have gone to World King Planet to play ranking.

He smiled and shook his head. Although it was already at the cosmic level, this still couldn’t resist the footsteps of the panda army.

After all, the ranking battle of all races could be contested with small races. With Lin Xiuzhu’s personality, if she didn’t study the iron-eating beast’s evolution form and squeeze out all its potential, how could she let the matter rest?

Shi Yu had always felt that this father and daughter liked giant pandas more than him, a transmigrator who had transmigrated from Earth.

After walking around Ping Cheng, Shi Yu arrived at the Ancient Capital.

He realized that most of the people he knew had gone to the World King Planet. There weren’t many people left. It wasn’t that Blue Planet was much worse than the World King Planet now.

Instead, it was because the World King Planet was new!

Everyone had lived on Blue Planet for decades. Who didn’t want to go out and broaden their horizons?

Of course, Teacher Ying had been staying at Ancient Capital University recently. Perhaps she had gone out to play with Shi Yu enough and missed the place where she grew up.

Who would have thought that not only did this tiny university “cultivate” a few super divines, but it also had a cosmic overlord?

The current structure of Ancient Capital University was also familiar and unfamiliar to Shi Yu. For example, the president of the association had been changed to the Dragon Tamer, Yu Shu.

For example, the principal of Ancient Capital University had also been changed now. It was changed to Dean Hao of the Mechanical College that assisted Eleven in evolution and assisted Shi Yu in researching mechanical lives. He successfully took office. As for Principal Feng, he had retired a long time ago.

“Wu.” Buggy actually didn’t understand how Yu Shu became the president of the Ancient Capital Association.

Shi Yu was amused. “Because Yin Zhengfan and the others are doing better. They’ve all gone to World King Planet to play.”

Perhaps these competitors from the same batch as Shi Yu still had a certain amount of hope in the early stages, hoping to surpass Shi Yu.

But as time passed…

As Shi Yu became a cosmic supreme master, even those Blue Planet geniuses who had ascended to the World King Planet could only smile bitterly when they heard Shi Yu’s name again. Some people would brag about their relationship with Shi Yu, and some people would be embarrassed to say that they were once Shi Yu’s strong opponent.

“Principal Feng, you’re back from a trip to World King Planet?”

In the end, Shi Yu came to Principal Feng’s place to see him. The other party had taken good care of him and was Senior Lu’s elder. Shi Yu came with supplements.

“Shi, Shi Yu??” Principal Feng, who was sitting on the old man’s chair and listening to songs, suddenly swayed and said, “Holy shit, what brings you here?”

Shi Yu’s face darkened. “Why did you become more lively?”

“I’m free anyway, so I came back to take a look.”

“… Aren’t you going to contract the universe?” Principal Feng suddenly said.

“You even know this??” Shi Yu was stunned. He had never told Principal Feng.

“Qingyi mentioned it to me a little. She said that the risk is very high.” Principal Feng was silent and said, “From your eyes, I can tell that you seem to be going to do something important. Is the mental pressure greater?”

Shi Yu was speechless. “The older the wiser. Although I didn’t deliberately hide it, you can see through the thoughts of a cosmic supreme master at a glance. You can brag for 100 million years.”

“Idiot! I don’t understand very much. You didn’t continue cultivating after the recovery of spiritual energy. Is it really very dangerous?” Principal Feng said.

“It’s not that dangerous,” Shi Yu said. “Don’t worry. Wait, your gaze is a little strange.”

“Cough, cough, I was thinking that if it’s really quite dangerous, you’re not young anymore. You have to leave a descendant before passing.”

Shi Yu: “?”

Was Principal Feng cursing him?

“As expected, it’s you.” When Shi Yu arrived, although he had controlled his aura very well, he still couldn’t hide it from the gem cat that was very familiar with Shi Yu’s ordinary form.

The gem cat from Ancient Capital University teleported to Principal Feng’s side and looked at Shi Yu. “Not messing with your things anymore? You actually have time to run around.”

“Yeah, but I must say, this distance is just a thought for you.”

“You came at the right time.” Shi Yu scratched his head and said, “Teacher Ying, I plan to contract the universe in a while. I wonder how long it will take to succeed.”

“I came to ask you for a favor.”

“So anxious? What’s the matter?” The gem cat’s expression turned cold. Shi Yu was too anxious.

However, before doing such an important thing, Shi Yu had something to ask of it.

The gem cat wondered if Shi Yu was entrusting someone to it.

“Can you be more hardworking? I made a bet with the Empress. I said that before I successfully contracted the universe, you would definitely be able to reach the cosmic level. The Empress said that with that cat, there’s no chance. Can you let me win, although I know that the chances are minimal.”

The gem cat: “?”

“Level up!!”

“…”

The gem cat exploded in anger.

At the side, Principal Feng also sighed. How disrespectful. Teacher Ying was his teacher after all!!!

…

Shi Yu began to stroll in Ping Cheng, the Ancient Capital, Dong Huang, and even the entire Blue Planet.

Shi Yu only glanced at most of the familiar faces from afar. For some familiar faces, Shi Yu would carry gifts and run to have a drink with them.

The Blue Planet’s Will clearly discovered Shi Yu’s abnormal actions. When Shi Yu was free, it appeared and said,

“Are you already prepared to do it?”

“Yes.” Shi Yu nodded and said, “Although if I wait a little longer, I might be able to nurture a few cosmic pets and become stronger, if I delay too much time, the situation might be even more uncontrollable.”

“The success rate now is already not small. Let’s give it a try.”

“I wish you luck,” Blue Planet’s Will said.

Under the final blessing of Blue Planet’s Will, Shi Yu smiled and left Blue Planet. He headed to World King Planet to see someone he knew. Of course, there were also some people who stayed in the Milky Way to develop the Milky Way. It wouldn’t take too much time for Shi Yu to visit them together.

Senior Lu, Senior Panda, and even the beast-eared girl who was catching up…

Dong Huang’s generations of “Legends”, Tyrannical Sea “Legends”, Hua “Legends”, and other modern experts of Dong Huang…

Some people still only took a look at Shi Yu. Some people went to chat personally, but as long as they chatted personally, they could guess what Shi Yu was going to do.

…

A month later.

Although he was in a hurry to contract it, Shi Yu thought about it carefully. In fact, he still had many things to do. He dawdled and finished what he had yet to do, giving himself more time to bid farewell to his acquaintances and eat a few more meals together.

After all, according to the memories of the God of Destruction, its master had spent a total of 330,000 years contracting the universe.

Was it a long time? Not really.

But for Shi Yu, was it long? Yes, it was.

Although Shi Yu hoped to complete the contract faster, this kind of thing was hard to say.

Perhaps for him, the contract time of tens of thousands of years was only an instant, but for his acquaintances and pets, it was a long wait.

In fact, it was alright if it was someone he knew. What Shi Yu was most worried about was these pets during the time he contracted the universe.

When he contracted the Empress, it had only been a few days, but these guys already felt aggrieved.

“This time, it’s also a training for you.”

“When necessary, I need your help, but most of the time, you need to survive independently in the universe.”

“I won’t give you any quests. In short, what’s most important is that you’re happy.”

“No,” Ling said. “There are missions. Even during the contract period, if a new pet breaks through to the cosmic level, you can still receive feedback.”

“So your next mission is to work hard to break through to the cosmic level, do you hear me?” Ling said to the pets.

“Roar!!!” Little Ji, Duckie, and the others expressed that there was no problem.

“Wu.” Shi Yu shrugged and looked at Eleven and the others. “According to the original plan, I’ll go and connect with the universe alone.”

“What?!” In the crowd, Chi Tong suddenly raised its voice.

“Alright, I’ll bring you, Chi Tong,” Shi Yu said. “Don’t worry now.”

“That’s more like it.” Chi Tong turned into a sword spirit form, clearly looking forward to it for a long time.

The pets were definitely worried about Shi Yu. Although every pet wanted to follow Shi Yu, they also knew that it basically wouldn’t work. Perhaps now, only Chi Tong had this treatment.

However, it was the same if they could also assist Shi Yu by providing him feedback.

“Empress, take good care of them,” Shi Yu said to the Super Empress. Clearly, he had already planned to set off to contract the universe.

“I understand.” The Empress was still relatively calm.

“Then, Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, Susu, Ling…”

“Little Ji, Duckie, Little Zi, Qi, Shorty, Little Quas, Turtle, Bu Lu.”

“Next, I’ll leave the Milky Way to you to protect.”

Shi Yu bid farewell to his pets one by one.

“Wuu!!” Eleven and the others also bid farewell to Shi Yu. They each had different feelings. For example, although Eleven couldn’t bear to leave, it was still strengthening its heart, indicating that it was no longer a child. It just had to wait patiently for Shi Yu to return.

The first step of contracting the universe…

Transfer the complete body and heart to the Beast Taming Space.

Make the Beast Taming Space resonate with the space and time of the universe.

This step required extremely high talent and strength.

Right on the heels of that, after succeeding, work hard to fuse the Beast Taming Space with the universe space and time and try to fuse the contract!

Once successful, the Beast Taming Space and the universe space and time would fuse, and the main body of the will would become a new universe master.

If it failed, the Beast Taming Space would be destroyed, along with the Beast Tamer and the Beast Taming Space.

This process didn’t have to be tough. It was easy to trigger the stress reaction of the universe. Gentle fusion was also a choice. Therefore, what Eleven and the others had to do was the contract process of Shi Yu. Through the contract connection with Shi Yu, they could constantly provide nourishing power to Shi Yu, allowing him to last for so long.

Compared to having everyone stay in the Beast Taming Space, it was obviously more beneficial and sustainable for most of them to remain in the outside world, collecting resources and providing feedback to Shi Yu over the long term.