Chapter 1959 - Chapter 1959: Sustainer

Chapter 1959: Sustainer

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Editor: Atlas Studios

Everything about Shi Yu was erased in the universe.

Apart from a specific group of people, everyone had forgotten about the God Sealing King who had risen like a comet and achieved the strongest terrifying existence in the universe at an unbelievable speed.

However, the vast universe had never lacked experts.

If Shi Yu disappeared, a new supreme creature would naturally sit in the position of cosmic overlord again.

Naturally, there would be new creatures who would attain the cosmic level and rank at the highest, their names shaking the world.

Countless years after Shi Yu began to contract the universe, the structure of the universe had already undergone a huge change.

This area of the Milky Way had already become a paradise for supplement races.

It became a holy land that countless supplement races dreamed of.

The reason was simple: a peerless powerhouse, who had risen from humble beginnings and attained the cosmic-level by relying on the ginseng baby race, was about to break through to the cosmic level here.

Baby Ginseng seized the opportunity and changed the fate of the supplement races in the universe with its own strength, giving some races without any battle power a chance to cultivate and become stronger, allowing them to protect themselves.

Countless supplement races called it the ginseng emperor and thought that it was the greatest existence.

Of course, there were also countless races who couldn’t wait to tear off Baby Ginseng’s skin. After all, although it wasn’t easy for supplement races to cultivate the “Heavenly Emperor Scripture”, it had more or less changed the relationship of some races, making many races hungry.

“Yi…”

However, Baby Ginseng, who was standing on the Little Zi Star, looked at the sun and moon and didn’t care about this.

Not many people knew that this ginseng emperor was actually the pet of a forgotten person. Everything it did was to help that person contract the universe as soon as possible.

“It’s been 200 years…”

Baby Ginseng pressed down its doctorate hat and felt that it was too stupid. Although it had successfully attained the cosmic level through the “Heart of the Heavenly Emperor”, it had spent a full 200 years doing so.

200 years might be a little too long for it and Shi Yu.

Fortunately, it still successfully broke through in the end. It didn’t disappoint everyone’s expectations. It had already gathered the power of the Undying Divine Medicine in the entire universe and constantly transmitted the nourishing power to Shi Yu.

…

Day after day, year after year.

Shi Yu only knew that his pets were working hard. He could clearly feel the power transmitted to him by every pet.

Especially Baby Ginseng… It should have broken through to the cosmic level.

Shi Yu became more and more awake. In the chaos, he felt that he had had a very long dream. It was as if he had gone through the memories of his previous life in the form of a dream.

Shi Yu felt that this should also be the resistance of the cosmic will. The other party wanted him to sink into the memories of his previous life and forget this life.

However, it didn’t know that Shi Yu had already trained pretty good resistance when he contracted the Empress. Moreover, Buggy’s power also made Shi Yu extremely sensitive to dreams.

The cosmic will failed again.

“What other methods do you have? Use them all,” Shi Yu said. However, what awaited him was eternal darkness. It was as if there was no need for any new methods.

As long as Shi Yu was trapped in this eternal darkness and Shi Yu couldn’t fuse perfectly, that was enough.

Shi Yu was stunned on the spot. Then, he fell into deep thought for a long time and said, “It’s my use of the power of space and time that hasn’t passed. My understanding isn’t good enough.”

“The key to contracting and fusing the universe is space and time.”

“I forgot some important steps. The cosmic will is interfering with my memories again.”

Shi Yu indeed felt that he was still a step away from contracting the universe.

He indeed remembered that he had forgotten something important, but at this moment, no matter what, he couldn’t remember.

It was as if his thoughts were imprisoned, preventing Shi Yu from thinking in that direction.

“Chi Tong, do you remember?”

“Mew…”

“You don’t remember either?”

Shi Yu fell into deep thought, but unfortunately, his connection with the outside world had been severed. Apart from being able to sense the nourishing power of his pets, he could no longer accept any information from the outside world.

No!

Nourishing power!

Shi Yu was stunned. He suddenly patiently sensed the endless nourishing power and tried to obtain some information from it.

Nourishing power of different scales transmitted consecutively, as if forming strings of codes and constructing messages!

This was the “secret password” that Ling had forced Shi Yu to learn back then.

This kind of secret signal wouldn’t be detected and targeted by the cosmic will, but it could form important news.

“Parallel space…”

Under the pain in his brain, Shi Yu was suddenly stunned. He understood something.

“Oh, cosmic will. It’s already taken a lot of effort for you to block my and Chi Tong’s memories, right? You can’t block the memories of every cosmic pet of mine, let alone completely interfere with all our memories!”

“There’s always a loophole in your obstruction.”

“I remember now. You indeed made me forget the most important step of contracting the universe.”

“Not only do I have to forcefully fuse the consciousness of the Beast Taming Space with this universe, but I also have to constantly expand and fuse with all the parallel universes of the 11th era! Only in this way can I perfectly fuse with the universe space and time and become a universe master!”

Shi Yu laughed. It was easy to realize this. If he wanted to further expand and fuse all parallel universes, the most important thing was his spatial attainments…

Shi Yu was still very confident in his spatial attainments. After all, he could even transmigrate to the special universe where Shiyu was…

Boom!!

Shi Yu expanded his thoughts, but at the same time, he encountered the most intense resistance from the universe yet. Unlike the previous instances of mental interference, this time it manifested as a complete space-time tremor!

The cosmic will was like a struggling prey, resisting Shi Yu’s hunt.

The embodiment it brought was a strong spatial vibration. The substantial spatial vibrations, each comparable to a cosmic-level attack, bombarded Shi Yu.

Bang, bang, bang!!

During the fusion process, Shi Yu spat out a mouthful of blood. He felt that the universe’s crudest and most direct resistance this time had a greater impact on him.

If the universe could continue like this, it would definitely interfere with his contract. However, just one time made Shi Yu feel that the damage and impact of the universe oscillation were much lighter.

In its place, cracks gradually appeared on a floating spiritual sword in the Beast Taming Space.

Chi Tong activated a divine skill similar to a scapegoat.

“I’ll resist it. Contract it as soon as possible,” Chi Tong said firmly. Shi Yu also knew that letting Chi Tong share the pressure with him was the best method at this moment. Chi Tong, who had been strengthened to the cosmic level by him, could still resist a spatial vibration of this level for a long time.

As long as he could contract the universe as soon as possible…

“I’ll leave it to you.” Shi Yu nodded and focused on contracting the universe.

Time… slowly passed.

Shi Yu was trying his best to accelerate the expansion of his consciousness. At this moment, his consciousness had already spread back to the parallel space where Shiyu was.

As Shi Yu’s consciousness spread, Shi Yu could also sense that the resistance of the universe was becoming more and more intense.

If it were in the past, Shi Yu would definitely not contract a “life” that resisted so intensely.

However, this time, Shi Yu really had no choice.

Perhaps when a Beast Tamer walked to the extreme, it was to experience contracts in all different situations.

“Soon, soon.”

Shi Yu became more and more excited because he felt that his consciousness was gradually about to fuse with all the universe space and time.

“Chi Tong, do you feel it!”

Shi Yu happily shared the situation with Chi Tong, but soon, Shi Yu was extremely stunned.

He realized that the small sword in the Beast Taming Space had long completely shattered at some point in time and lost all signs of life. Only the last wisp of spiritual power lingered around Shi Yu, blocking the attack for him…

Chi Tong completely disappeared…

“Wait for me!”

In the next moment, an extremely firm grit appeared in Shi Yu’s eyes. “I can become the holder of the universe soon. At that time, I’ll revive you.”

Time passed. The resistance of the universe continued, and Shi Yu’s contract continued.

Chi Tong had bought the most precious period of time for Shi Yu. Shi Yu didn’t know how long this period of time had been, but he vaguely sensed that Chi Tong should have already completed a cosmic breakthrough during this period of time.

Unfortunately, as a Beast Tamer, he was interfered with by the cosmic will and couldn’t notice Chi Tong’s state the whole time.

Chi Tong wasn’t dead!

In Shi Yu’s opinion, as long as he became a universe master, there was no “death” in his eyes.

He could also revive Chi Tong.

“If you struggle again, when I complete the contract, I’ll completely erase your consciousness. No matter the price, you know that I can do it,” Shi Yu threatened.

Boom.

A terrifying might erupted from Shi Yu’s body. At this moment, although the universe was still trembling, there seemed to be a trace of fear in the resistance.

The vast Beast Taming Space and Time and the infinitely vast cosmic space and time suddenly matched the last stroke under the entanglement of the power of space and time.

A new holder of the universe was born.