Chapter 1956 - Chapter 1956: New Cosmic Overlord (3)

Chapter 1956: New Cosmic Overlord (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Editor: Atlas Studios

As for being the strongest in the 11th era, Shi Yu didn’t have much pursuit. His only pursuit might only be to let the universe last forever, allowing him and his pets to last forever. In addition, it was to create some fun, such as knowing the history of the other 10 eras, or knowing the history of the era where the previous holder of the universe was, to archeological something more interesting.

These things were things that even he, the cosmic overlord, didn’t know. Just like Cypos, if he couldn’t pursue some difficult things, Shi Yu would feel bored if he lived for too long.

Shi Yu focused on observing the changes in the universe and researching how to become the holder of the universe a few years later.

A terrifying spatial wave came from the Milky Way.

“A new cosmic level is born!”

Many experts of the 11th era sensed powerful spatial fluctuations. Even Cypos, who planned to sleep well, didn’t expect to be awakened so quickly.

However, when the various cosmic levels sensed the direction of the fluctuations, the corners of their mouths twitched and they ignored it.

“It’s just his pet.”

Shi Yu was already very invincible to begin with. Now that there was another natural cosmic level, no one took it seriously.

Ling had broken through to the cosmic level.

It might only be Shi Yu who could create a new cosmic level without causing too much of a stir.

In order to let Ling break through to the cosmic level, Shi Yu and the others assisted Ling in fusing with the Time Sprite fossil from the previous era.

However, in the end, Ling still couldn’t become the favorite of space and time and couldn’t learn space and time travel. Apart from learning time control, it didn’t have Shi Yu’s expectations.

Similar to Ling, Chi Tong and Baby Ginseng were also there.

During this period, the Universe Tree completely recovered. Baby Ginseng’s nourishing ability could be said to be close to the cosmic level. In terms of spatial attainments, it should have reached the standard. Unfortunately, it couldn’t achieve the position of the universe, and it wasn’t as smooth as Eleven, Buggy, and Susu.

As for Chi Tong, even if it released the soul of the God of Destruction, it was still stuck at the quasi cosmic level.

Ling was the same at the start. This made Shi Yu feel that it was troublesome. It also made Shi Yu understand that the luck on Susu, Eleven, and Buggy wasn’t that easy to replicate.

However, as expected of Ling. It had helped him find the “path to the universe”.

No, or rather, the cosmic level that helped his teammate find the path to the universe and allowed him to break through!

In recent years, Shi Yu and the others had really not found any other way to solve the hidden dangers of the universe. Therefore, contracting the universe seemed to be the only solution.

As for the contracted universe, it didn’t seem to be able to drag it out anymore. They observed that the lifespan of the parallel universe next door was accelerating.

Although there was still a long time left, don’t forget, contracting the universe would probably take a long time.

Just like how Shi Yu had spent several times more time contracting other pets when he contracted the Empress back then, this was even without the Empress resisting.

Therefore, if the time Shi Yu contracted the universe exceeded the remaining lifespan of the parallel universe next door, it would be troublesome.

Therefore, the earlier Shi Yu contracted the universe, the better.

At this moment, Shi Yu was at the second realm of the universe. With four cosmic pets on him, logically speaking, he had already reached the threshold of contracting the universe.

According to the black panther’s memories, the situation of the previous holder contracting the universe was even worse than his. This was already a success!

However, Ling was still worried about Shi Yu.

As Ling helped Shi Yu organize the method to contract the universe, it was thinking about how to let Chi Tong and Baby Ginseng reach the cosmic level as soon as possible. This way, Shi Yu could also be stronger.

In the end, Ling chose the divine skill “Future Prediction” to use the power of Shi Yu, the Empress, Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong, and many others to try to predict the cosmic path of Baby Ginseng and Chi Tong.

Ling predicted countless results and discovered the possibility of Baby Ginseng and Chi Tong breaking through to the cosmic level in many ways. Ling knew that there was definitely a interference element.

However, Ling’s premonition still more or less provided Chi Tong and Baby Ginseng with a direction.

After careful consideration, Baby Ginseng and Chi Tong each chose their favorite breakthrough method.

Baby Ginseng continued to cultivate the “Heart of the Heavenly Emperor” and decided on “Dao Attainment”. It would change the fate of the supplement races in the world and attain the cosmic level.

Chi Tong chose “Protect the Dao” and decided that when Shi Yu contracted the universe, he would also stay beside Shi Yu and stay in the Beast Taming Space to accompany Shi Yu and share the affliction with Shi Yu.

To be honest, the two paths Baby Ginseng and Chi Tong chose weren’t the most compatible with their racial abilities. However, even Shi Yu didn’t expect that when Baby Ginseng and Chi Tong made a decision…

Ling sensed an opportunity to break through.

The entire team was very stunned, and so was Ling.

However, after Ling was stunned, it gradually became clear.

“I see. It’s not the mechanical phantom beast system or the mechanical intelligence level. So, my breakthrough opportunity is that.”

“In addition to the Dark King’s breakthrough experience, from the looks of it, breaking through to the cosmic level isn’t as fixed as Sister Empress concluded. There are still too few reference targets in this era.”

“Perhaps we can open up a new universe breakthrough path.”

When Shi Yu created Ling, he wrote a program.

Or rather, he wrote Ling’s dream.

Let Ling become the most powerful all-round machine and assist Beast Tamer Shi Yu and his companions in becoming stronger.

The current Ling hadn’t only witnessed with its own eyes that Beast Tamer Shi Yu and its companions were invincible in the universe, but it had also concluded a way to lead its teammates to the “strongest”. Its dream was already almost perfect and could be said to be a dream breakthrough.

“As expected, I have the life of a secretary. I actually relied on completing work to break through to the cosmic level.” Ling was a little helpless.

“However, this also means that Baby Ginseng’s “Dao Attainment” with its heart and Chi Tong’s “Protect the Dao” are really feasible?”

“Baby Ginseng is still alright…” Shi Yu said, “Chi Tong, are you serious?”

When he contracted the universe, Shi Yu didn’t plan to place his pets in the Beast Taming Space. At most, he would let them help him in the outside world. This way, even if he made any mistakes, his pets still had a chance of survival. What if the parallel universe next door was destroyed and this universe wasn’t affected much?

But if they were all in one body, once they failed, they would be completely wiped out. It would be difficult to find a way from the outside world.

The owner of the God of Destruction didn’t leave any pets when he contracted the universe.

Shi Yu thought for a moment and decided to be safer this way. He wouldn’t put all the eggs in one basket.

This was Shi Yu’s strong request. The pets couldn’t refute it, but the current Chi Tong seemed to be very stubborn.

“I’ve already decided,” Chi Tong said. “I want to stay in the Beast Taming Space. Ling has already predicted that my breakthrough opportunity is here. It wasn’t easy to find a breakthrough method!”

“Cut it out.” Shi Yu knew that Chi Tong didn’t want to break through, but purely wanted to stay by his side. After all, when he said that there were no pets in the Beast Taming Space, Chi Tong was the most dissatisfied.

Now, Ling’s premonition direction gave Chi Tong another excuse.

Protect the Dao… Was this for real…

“Sigh, let me think.” Shi Yu sighed and said, “I’ve been in seclusion for so long. I’ll go out and relax.”

“It’s been a long time since I bullied Teacher Cat. I’ll find some fun first before thinking about these troubles.”