Chapter 1952 - Chapter 1952: Persecuting The Cow Again (2)

Chapter 1952: Persecuting the Cow Again (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Editor: Atlas Studios

“This… is impossible…” At this moment, the Beastmaster felt that it was dreaming. Didn’t Shi Yu just break through to the cosmic level a few years ago? Why did he reach Universe 2 so quickly?

“Really?” The Worm Queen and the others also felt that it was extremely exaggerated.

It was true…

Indeed, it was the power of Universe 2. They could all feel a clear pressure.

“What a joke…” At the same time, the cosmic overlord, Cypos, had been calm for so many years. It finally revealed a shocked expression again and felt that it was extremely ridiculous.

What was Shi Yu doing?

Even if he ate a cosmic treasure as a meal, he couldn’t break through so quickly, right?

“Do you believe me now?” Shi Yu said, “You’ve never seen a Universe 2 Beast Tamer, right!”

At this moment, Shi Yu’s aura wasn’t fake at all. The World King and the other cosmic emperors were directly numb from watching. Others treated them like strangers after three days, but Shi Yu completely didn’t treat them like humans after three days. Was this a job that a normal person could do?

This was the new breakthrough Shi Yu mentioned?

The Worm Queen was about to cry from envy. It had given birth to so many children for Universe 2, but it didn’t succeed in the end. What was wrong with Shi Yu?

“Interesting… Interesting… No wonder you’re confident of contracting the universe.”

Bang, bang, bang.

At this moment, the cosmic overlord, Cypos, stared at Shi Yu intently. It never expected Shi Yu to improve so quickly.

It said, “I still underestimated your growth speed. Your goal in holding the cosmic meeting is to make it clear in advance that other cosmic levels shouldn’t disturb you from contracting the universe and not attack the Milky Way when you contract the universe, right?”

“You can say that,” Shi Yu said.

“Little brat, regardless of whether what you say is true or false, if you want to contract the universe, you have to pass my level first. As long as you defeat me, I’ll acknowledge that you have the aptitude to become the holder of the universe. When you contract the universe, I’ll protect the Milky Way for you. Whoever becomes your enemy is my enemy.”

“As long as you can defeat me, I don’t want this title of cosmic overlord anymore. I’ll let you have it.”

Although Cypos was very shocked, Shi Yu’s growth was so fast. It was exactly what Cypos wanted.

It looked at Shi Yu with burning eyes.

“Sure!” Shi Yu also knew that it was impossible to convince all the cosmic levels just by posturing. He still had to fight. And with the personality of a cosmic overlord, it definitely wanted to test his strength the most.

He had known this long ago.

It could be said that the other party was an examiner for whether he could become the holder of the universe.

At this moment, when they heard that the Milky Way Overlord, Shi Yu, and the cosmic overlord, Cypos, were going to fight, the other cosmic levels immediately fell silent.

“Then the rules are up to you to decide,” Shi Yu said to Cypos.

The cosmic overlord said, “I once had a premonition dream.”

It pointed at Shi Yu and said, “In the future, I’ll fight a certain pet of yours. No one will interfere. However, I don’t want to fight a battle where the opponent holds back.”

“You, use whatever abilities you have. All of you, attack together.”

“I want to fight to my heart’s content!”

“Call out all your pets, including that rabbit. I want to fight them together!”

“Huh?” After the cosmic overlord finished speaking, Shi Yu was stunned.

Was this alright? This wasn’t good.

“Is there a problem?” Cypos said. “Or do you think I’m not your match?”

Shi Yu was silent. He didn’t understand why this bull race was so arrogant.

Should he tell the cosmic overlord about the enhancement effect of the Universe 2 pets he had now?

“Forget it, let’s do it directly. We have to win this battle”, Shi Yu thought to his pets. Shi Yu didn’t mind choosing the rule with a high chance of winning. In any case, the rule was requested by the other party.

“Sure.” In the end, Shi Yu nodded.

“There’s no time to lose!!” Upon hearing that there was a battle to fight and the opponent was a very strong guy, the cosmic overlord’s blood boiled and he was finally interested.

Its will clone disappeared. At the same time, in the overlord territory, the true body of the cosmic overlord, Cypos, rose from the overlord throne.

Boom!

The battle intent of the cosmic overlord penetrated the overlord territory, making the four generals, the overlord secretary, and the other peak super divine experts extremely shocked, not understanding what had happened.

“Lord Overlord!” The secretary of the cosmic overlord was slightly stunned when it saw the cosmic overlord leave the Overlord Planet directly. It hesitated for a moment and chose to follow.

However, its speed was too slow. At this moment, Cypos’s true body had long descended outside the Little Zi Star.

Little Zi Star approached Blue Planet. As the overlord’s might condensed even more, the experts inside Blue Planet finally couldn’t help but come out of the star to watch.

With a look, be it Goddess Wa or anyone else, they fell into deep thought.

This was because in the starry sky, Shi Yu and the cosmic overlord were in a confrontation. Moreover, beside them, the will projections of the World King, the Beastmaster, and the Worm Queen seemed to be watching.

This unbelievable scene was enough to shock the starry sky.

What was going on…

“Actually, I still suggest not attacking together,” Shi Yu said. “I have a little too many cosmic pets.”

In the end, for the sake of the heroic reputation of the cosmic overlord, Shi Yu still couldn’t help but persuade Cypos. Of course, the premise of persuading was that he knew that the cosmic overlord would definitely refuse. It was commonly known as politeness.

“Cut the crap.” Since it had already said it, Cypos naturally couldn’t take it back. It wanted to see what power a clueless Beast Tamer could display with a cosmic pet.

It had been invincible for too long. Compared to an evenly matched battle, Cypos wanted to see a higher peak more, hoping that Shi Yu could satisfy it.