Chapter 1950 - Chapter 1950: Space Conference (2)

Chapter 1950: Space Conference (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Editor: Atlas Studios

Now, his interference was only bringing this process forward.

“No, it’s alright.” Upon hearing Shi Yu’s words, Shiyu took a deep breath and said, “Dad, don’t worry. Leave the rest to me. The universe should have a little lifespan left now, right? I’ll try to become the holder of the universe in a while. As long as I succeed, the universe won’t die, right?”

“Don’t worry, I won’t let your universe be affected too.”

“You? You?” Shi Yu shrugged and said, “Girl, it’s not that I look down on you, but with your strength, it’ll take another ten billion years to contract the universe.”

“Don’t worry, although it’s not my fault in essence, I’ll clean up someone’s mess for this parallel universe.”

“In any case, I’m prepared to contract the universe sooner or later and become the holder of the universe. This God of Destruction only brought my plan forward a little.”

“Actually, I’m quite grateful to it. At least it let me know that I can’t always be comfortable after contracting the universe… Its master should be someone stronger than me. No wonder it’s so unconvinced.”

“Mi!!” Chi Tong didn’t like to hear that. Who said that Shi Yu was the most powerful?

“In short, I didn’t expect the identity of the God of Destruction to be so special.” Shi Yu took a deep breath.

Shi Yu prepared to return and spend some time getting ready before attempting to form a contract with the universe. According to the memories of the God of Destruction, its master successfully contracted with the universe when they reached the Universe 2 realm.

Since the other party’s master could succeed, there was no reason why Shi Yu couldn’t succeed.

“But…”

“There’s no but.” Shi Yu held his forehead and said, “It’s so annoying. I originally thought I could play for billions of years before contracting the universe.”

“Sob.” Eleven and the others also looked at Shi Yu eagerly.

Regarding this unknown risk, they naturally felt that the later the better.

“Ling, are you done checking?”

“Well, this parallel universe still has about 63 million years of lifespan, and it’s still accelerating.”

“At this speed, we might be close to the edge of restart in less than 500,000 years and touch the restart mechanism. There’s not much time left for us.”

“Alright, the crisis in your universe has almost been resolved on the surface. After resting, I’m preparing to leave.” Shi Yu stretched out his hand and touched Shi Yu’s head. “I won’t bid farewell to the others. It’s good that you know these things.”

“Hey…” Shiyu still wanted to say something, but in her daze, she realized that Shi Yu and the others had directly disappeared in front of her. Looking at the empty starry sky, Shiyu felt an empty feeling in her heart. Seriously, why were they in such a hurry to go back?

…

Shi Yu and the others were indeed anxious. After all, hundreds of thousands of years was neither short nor long. Moreover, there might be accidents midway, so they had to take it even more seriously. In order to prevent other parallel universes from being affected, he indeed had to prepare to become the holder of the universe as soon as possible. He originally thought that it would be very easy to destroy the God of Destruction, but he didn’t expect that the other party would still trick him before it died.

“It’s not easy to become the holder of the universe.”

Shi Yu felt that the God of Destruction and the previous holder of the universe were quite innocent. This was because the universe with the holder of the universe could be almost eternal. Therefore, more and more races and lives would be born in the universe, causing the resources of the universe to be insufficient.

The God of Destruction was given broken divine power by the holder of the universe in this situation. Through destroying planets and lives, it maintained the balance of the universe. However, it was because of this action that the holder of the universe became the enemy of all races. After all, no one wanted anyone to casually eliminate them.

Apart from the resistance of the cosmic will itself, a large part of the reason why the last holder of the universe was overthrown was because the various cosmic levels resisted together. This was also why the God of Destruction not only hated the universe, but also the life forms of the universe.

When he returned to the original space and time, Shi Yu sighed slightly and said to his pet beside him, “Say, if we became the holder of the universe, would we have ended up like this?”

“Wu wu wu.” Eleven said what Shi Yu was saying. It would be the first to not forgive whoever dared to attack Shi Yu.

“Wu!!” Buggy expressed that the cosmic will was still too dangerous. It could actually resist after being contracted. As expected, it should completely devour the cosmic will and replace the other party, right? If it were it, it definitely wouldn’t resist Shi Yu!

“Mi! (I’ll destroy the universe!)”

“Hey, hey, hey, calm down.” Shi Yu said to Chi Tong, “Shouldn’t you be conflicted now? Why haven’t you broken through to the cosmic level after killing the soul of the God of Destruction?”

Chi Tong: QAQ!!

Chi Tong expressed that it was also very helpless. The other party’s soul was clearly very nourishing, but it still felt a little lacking.

“Is this fate?” At this moment, Shi Yu and the others had already arrived at the original space and time. In the Milky Way, the Empress stood in the starry sky and pondered slightly. “In the end, you still have to become the holder of the universe as soon as possible. Although your current conditions are already very suitable, but…”

“Don’t worry, don’t worry,” Shi Yu said. “It’s only a matter of time. The earlier it’s done, the easier it will be. Otherwise, more accidents like the God of Destruction will happen.”

Shi Yu said, “In addition, if I want to become the holder of the universe, I have to discuss it with the four cosmic levels of this universe first. Without their agreement, I can’t ‘dare’ to contract the universe randomly, in case they cause trouble and end up following in the footsteps of the last holder of the universe.”

“I remember that the cosmic overlord, Cypos, still wants to be your examiner, right? To become the examiner of the cosmic holder,” the Empress said.

“I think so.” Shi Yu nodded. If he wanted to become the holder of the universe, he had to pass Cypos first.

He looked at Eleven with a strange expression.

“Huh?” Eleven was eager.

He felt that Eleven could already farm a cosmic overlord alone now. Although the cosmic overlord was strong and was the only one from Universe Two, Eleven, who combined the power of the last era and this era, cultivated the Chaos Divine Body inversely and became a Pangu God, hence becoming incredibly strong.

“Cough, in short, let’s not waste time. Let’s discuss it with them first.” Although Shi Yu felt that there was nothing to discuss, after all, after a trip to a parallel universe… there were already more than ten cosmic levels on his side… A cosmic level vote would also crush the other veteran cosmic emperors.

At the same time.

World King, Beastmaster, Worm Queen, cosmic overlord… The four cosmic levels were stunned when they heard a telepathy at the same time.

[Everyone, I’m Shi Yu. I want to hold a “cosmic meeting” to discuss the future direction of the universe. I wonder if you could attend the meeting.]