Chapter 1954 - Chapter 1954: New Cosmic Overlord (1)

Chapter 1954: New Cosmic Overlord (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Editor: Atlas Studios

The invincible cosmic overlord fell.

The other few cosmic levels had never experienced such an unscientific thing in their lives.

In fact, they gradually forgot Shi Yu’s goal in holding the meeting.

The holder of the universe…

The Beastmaster was actually unwilling for Shi Yu to become the holder of the universe. At that time, wouldn’t the life and death of any life form in the universe be decided by Shi Yu alone? Even it had to listen to Shi Yu.

But now… the Beastmaster felt that it didn’t seem to matter much if Shi Yu became the holder of the universe or not.

The bull cosmic overlord was a very good example. No matter how strong the Beastmaster was, could it be stronger than a cosmic overlord?

Although it might not be that easy for Shi Yu to completely kill the cosmic overlord, it would definitely be easy to heavily injure and seal Cypos.

The World King and the Worm Queen were even more speechless.

Regarding Shi Yu becoming the holder of the universe, the World King had an indifferent attitude. If the universe was really in danger and Shi Yu was willing to take this risk to save the world, it would have to thank Shi Yu.

As for the Worm Queen, it also cast away its other thoughts at this moment. It only hoped that Shi Yu and the others wouldn’t break the contract, and hoped that Buggy could still acknowledge it as its godmother…

…

“Lord, lord, overlord!!!”

It had to be said that the secretary of the cosmic overlord came pretty quickly. After all, she was the only person qualified to activate the cosmic overlord’s battleship that used cosmic treasures as energy.

After following the cosmic overlord to the Milky Way, Katney immediately sensed many cosmic auras. Then, when she arrived at the specific location, she saw her boss floating in the starry sky like a crippled cow.

She was immediately stunned, her gaze stunned.

“You even brought your secretary.” Shi Yu saw the secretary of the cosmic overlord arrive and said, “But leave the treatment to me.”

“Eleven.”

“Wuu.” Shi Yu gave the order. Eleven immediately nodded and directly turned the chaotic power hand into a wonton. Such supreme power could naturally give birth to a healing ability. Eleven’s palm aimed at the floating cosmic overlord and the wonton wave instantly blasted over.

In the next moment, the cosmic overlord coughed out another mouthful of blood. Its gaze gradually recovered its divine color. However, the cosmic overlord, who was gradually waking up, felt that it was still heavily injured.

It was a mental injury.

“I lost??” Cypos had yet to recover and react. It dragged its broken body and looked at World King and the others in confusion.

The World King and the others also looked at Cypos and thought to themselves that it had been beaten silly…

“Admit defeat.” Right beside Cypos, Shi Yu smiled and said, “How is it? My current strength is alright, right?”

The cosmic overlord glanced at its broken body, then at Shi Yu and Eleven in front of it. It opened its mouth wide.

“Impossible, definitely impossible.”

It was invincible, but it was actually insta-killed.

The cosmic overlord expressed that it couldn’t accept it.

“Ahhh!!!” It beat its body crazily, scaring Shi Yu, the World King, and the others. Then, the cosmic overlord’s eyes turned red and it panted. “It’s true, but how is this possible?”

It looked at Shi Yu and the others with red eyes. It had thought that it would lose one day in the future, but its loss was so without any suspense. For a moment, the cosmic overlord didn’t even know how to catch up to Shi Yu.

Thinking back, it had once wanted to nurture a powerful human, preferably stronger than it to satisfy its battle desire. However, now that this person had appeared out of nowhere, Cypos couldn’t see any hope of victory.

Cypos felt that it was impossible for it to defeat Shi Yu in a one-on-one battle.

“Wu wu wu! (One-on-one next time!)” But at this moment, Eleven waved at the cosmic overlord and said.

The cosmic overlord, Cypos, was silent for a long time. It finally understood why it was the one happily fighting this panda in the premonition dream.

With the addition of others, there was no suspense in the outcome. As expected, a battle between evenly matched opponents was more interesting and satisfying!

“I admit defeat. I’ll do everything I promised you,” the cosmic overlord Cypos said as it glanced at Shi Yu.

It was tired. It looked at its battleship and returned in loneliness, like a child who had lost its dream.

In the battleship.

When Katney saw her boss return, she wanted to ask something, but she didn’t dare to, afraid that she would anger the cosmic overlord whose current state was wrong.

“Katney.”

“My Lord, I’m here.”

“I’m going to sleep and calm down. It might be ten years, a hundred years, or ten thousand years.”

“If there’s anything, just wake me up.”

“In addition, in the name of the cosmic overlord army, help me announce to the entire universe that I lost to Shi Yu. From today onwards, I don’t want the title of cosmic overlord… Until I can snatch it back.”

Katney opened her mouth wide in shock.

…

After the cosmic overlord left, the cosmic meeting was almost over. The World King and the others expressed that they would listen to Shi Yu and bid farewell for the time being, not discussing anything other than the meeting.

“Things went very smoothly,” Shi Yu said in surprise as he stood in the starry sky.

The corners of the pets beside him twitched. How could it not go smoothly with more than ten cosmic-level pets crushing their faces? Why not try changing them to Teacher Cat?

At this moment, as the few cosmic levels left, Teacher Cat and the others came over.

“Meow, meow, meow…” Teacher Ying spat out three gem cat national essences and flew over, her voice revealing shock.

“Shi Yu, what’s going on? Was that Buggy’s projection just now? You’re making a movie to scare people, right?”

Buggy indeed had this ability. Indeed, compared to what had just happened, it was more credible if it was Buggy’s prank.