Chapter 1953 - Chapter 1953: Persecuting The Cow Again (3)

Chapter 1953: Persecuting the Cow Again (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Editor: Atlas Studios

“Then let’s do it.” Shi Yu licked his lips. He originally wanted to say that they should change places to avoid the aftermath.

However, looking at Cypos’s arrogant appearance, Shi Yu felt that there was no need.

In another parallel universe, Cypos had given him the battle memories of himself and the God of Destruction. Apart from letting Shi Yu know the strength of the God of Destruction, he also knew Cypos’ strength.

Even if it was a little different, it shouldn’t be much different. Shi Yu felt that he didn’t even know how to lose with his eyes closed. Everyone was very arrogant.

“In that case, come on!!!” Shi Yu also let go.

Cypos looked at Shi Yu calmly as he summoned his pet.

The summoning array was activated!

“Empress, Susu, Buggy, Eleven.” Shi Yu summoned consecutively.

Before summoning, the cosmic overlord was still very calm. However, in the blink of an eye, it frowned.

In the next moment, a scene that made the few cosmic-levels feel extremely ridiculous appeared.

Accompanied by the four star maps, four figures appeared. The luxurious Super Empress stared at the few cosmic-level acquaintances indifferently, her cosmic-level might undoubtedly displayed.

The terrifying cleansing origin wave of the Sea of Stars Sprite, Susu, was no longer as simple as just cleansing filth. It was completely opposite to the Dark King, but it was higher than the other party. Its aura far exceeded the former Dark Throne.

The green Creation Dream Butterfly appeared, and the aura of the cosmic emperor directly made the pupils of the Worm Queen shrink, revealing an incredulous expression. Facing Buggy, it actually felt that its bloodline level was only 50-50 with the other party after absorbing countless outstanding race bloodlines. The enhancement effect of Shi Yu’s bug-type Strengthening Crystal far exceeded various rare bloodlines.

The most terrifying was Eleven, who was surrounded by a chaotic aura. It floated out of the summoning array and wasn’t inferior to the shocking divine power of the cosmic overlord, Cypos, making the few cosmic levels extremely shocked.

“There’s more.”

Baby Ginseng, Ling, Chi Tong… Shi Yu summoned his pets one after another.

Then, the most ridiculous scene appeared. Shi Yu’s gaze turned cold as he used his strength on every pet. In the next moment, the aura of this group of pets rose towards the cosmic level.

Shi Yu had a total of 14 pets. Including Shi Yu, a total of 15 cosmic-level beasts directly appeared.

The terrifying cosmic aura made the entire universe tremble, making countless experts a little panicked, not knowing what had happened.

At this moment, the few cosmic-level spectators, as well as Blue Planet’s Will, Goddess Wa, and the others, were all stunned.

“This is impossible…” At this moment, the Beastmaster felt that it was dreaming. 15 cosmic level? When did cosmic levels become so cheap? The most ridiculous thing was that these 15 cosmic levels belonged to one body and were contracted?

Of course, the cosmic overlord, Cypos, was even more stunned.

The cosmic overlord: “?”

When I’m puzzled, it’s not that I have a problem, but that you have a problem!

Unlike the Black Panther God of Destruction, the cosmic overlord had never seen a Beast Tamer of Universe 2, so it naturally didn’t know that a Beast Tamer of Universe 2 could strengthen so many cosmic pets.

Moreover, even if he couldn’t strengthen so much, the four Shi Yu summoned at the start were still very problematic.

What the f*ck is wrong with that black and white panda of Universe 2? Why is it also Universe 2??

The cosmic overlord was stunned.

At this moment, it seemed to understand why it had fought this panda alone in the premonition dream.

It was very reasonable for a cosmic overlord to fight a Universe 2 one-on-one.

However, Cypos actually made Shi Yu release all his pets and fight simultaneously.

“…” Cypos was numb. Were human Beast Tamers so abnormal?

However, it still didn’t believe it. “Not bad…”

“Come, then!!”

“Let me see your strength!!”

So what if there were many? It was a cosmic overlord!!

The strongest in the universe, the cosmic overlord, Cypos!!

Boom!!

A huge battle was about to begin.

Cypos’s fist was filled with black and purple fluctuations. That was the Void Origin. It smashed at Eleven, wanting to test the strength of its old enemy in its dream.

At the same time, Shi Yu and the others actually still felt that a group battle wasn’t very honorable.

Therefore, for the sake of fairness, Shi Yu only let every pet pass their strength to Eleven. He still let Eleven “fight one-on-one”.

“Beast Taming Enhancement!”

Buzz!!

The substantialized mental wave shone. With Shi Yu’s mental resonance as the connection, first, Shi Yu used his Beast Taming Ability to strengthen Eleven. Then, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong, Susu, Ling, the Empress, and the other pets transmitted their strength to Eleven.

In the next moment, the 14 cosmic-level powers were more or less distributed to Eleven. A terrifying black and white flames spread from Eleven’s body, and its demonic eyes looked at the attacking Cypos.

In the blink of an eye, Cypos, who had already smashed its fist on Eleven’s head, narrowed its eyes.

It felt like it was a little cow who had bumped into an iron fool.

In the next moment.

Eleven only turned its head back. Then, its right arm swung around and blasted out!

A serious punch!

Boom!

Eleven punched Cypos’s abdomen.

At this moment, space and time seemed to have stopped.

The cosmic emperors watching the battle and the experts from Blue Planet were stunned.

With a retch, a huge pit was penetrated in Cypos’s abdomen. It encountered the same outcome as another God of Destruction in another space, and its eyes were filled with disbelief.

The intense pain made it feel that its willpower was gradually disappearing.

This, this was impossible!!!

What kind of power was this…

How could a life form reach this realm?

The cosmic overlord couldn’t believe it and couldn’t accept it.

The peak battle it was pursuing actually had such an outcome??

Was it too arrogant?

It suddenly recalled what its mother had taught it when it was young.

If it worked hard, it would improve, but if it was arrogant, it would be beaten up.

Cypos felt that it should have listened to Shi Yu’s persuasion, mainly because it really didn’t know that the other party could take out more than ten cosmic levels.

“Mommy…”

The cosmic overlord first spat out purple blood crazily. Then, its eyes gradually dimmed and lost their color.

Eleven’s strength control was very good. With a terrifying punch, Cypos wasn’t sent flying. As Eleven retracted its fist, the heavily injured Cypos was already floating in the starry sky in a daze and lost the ability to fight.

Or rather, the battle will was completely obliterated by the destructive power derived from the Chaos Divine Fist.

“Sob.” Eleven sighed and bowed in embarrassment. You chose the rules this time. Let’s fight a serious one-on-one next time!

If there was a third step at the cosmic level, Eleven, who had been enhanced by the entire team, would definitely temporarily have that battle power.

As strong as a cosmic overlord, it could kill in one hit.

At this moment, the few cosmic emperors looked at the floating Cypos, their eyes only blank and stunned, their gazes exploding.

That cosmic overlord… was… was…

Goddess Wa and the others had originally wanted to see what was going on. How could they want to see such a shocking scene?

Shi Yu summoned more than ten cosmic pets at once. Eleven defeated the cosmic overlord Cypos with a punch. This scene could shock Goddess Wa and the Blue Planet’s Will for 100 million years.

“I’ll go.”

“It’s persecuting the cow again…” At this moment, the gem cat also came out. When it saw Eleven defeat a cosmic overlord with a punch, it felt that this scene was familiar.

Yes, the gem cat remembered that other long-horned creatures had been beaten up so miserably before.

However, that was a cosmic overlord!!! Even if it also had bull horns, Shi Yu, Eleven, and the others couldn’t beat it up like Master Qu Jie’s cow and Ancient God Golden Bull!! Did they have a grudge with cows?