Chapter 1960 - Chapter 1960: Beast Taming Final Chapter (1)

Chapter 1960: Beast Taming Final Chapter (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Editor: Atlas Studios

Did the universe have consciousness?

Did the cosmic will exist?

Was it instinct, or was someone plotting against the common people behind the scenes?

This was an eternal topic that countless experts of eras wanted to understand.

But from today onwards, there was a conclusion to this problem for the time being.

“Wake up, wake up.”

In addition, the cosmic will would also sleep.

In the dark, Shi Yu felt someone slapping his face. Shi Yu opened his eyes slightly and realized that he was lying on the leg of a red-haired and red-eyed sword spirit. He sensed a familiar wave and said, “Chi Tong…”

“Looks like I succeeded.” Shi Yu heaved a sigh of relief and gradually woke up.

So the cosmic will could also be tired and sleep. Now, he was a new cosmic will.

“Is this the deepest part of the consciousness space?” Shi Yu got up with difficulty. He felt his endless power, as if he could also decide the life and death of the universe with a thought.

This feeling made Shi Yu very excited. However, what excited him the most was that he had indeed pulled Chi Tong back.

“Chi Tong, how do you feel? Are you alright?”

“Come, let me see.”

“Stop daydreaming.” Chi Tong urged Shi Yu, “The most important thing hasn’t been completed. Don’t forget to repair the universe.”

Chi Tong was exhausted. As expected, it was the right decision to follow Shi Yu. Otherwise, this guy would be constantly forgetful and scatterbrained.

“Yes, repair the universe.” Shi Yu was suddenly stunned. He suddenly recalled that the God of Destruction had even cursed the parallel universe next door.

After becoming the will of the universe, Shi Yu realized that the universe really didn’t have consciousness.

Those resistance could only be said to be a law instinct.

Only a universe with such instinctive responses could use the most primitive methods, like a reset, to counteract some damages in a short time. Over a longer timeline, specific races might emerge to save themselves, but that would take too long.

But now, after he became a universe master, he could use some gentler and more subtle methods to change some situations.

“Let’s do it together.” Shi Yu invited Chi Tong and said, “After we’re done, we’ll quietly go back and give Eleven and the others a surprise.”

“It should have been a long time…” “Alright~”

…

In the Milky Way.

It had been a long time since a young man in a panda outfit with a small sword pendant hanging from his neck appeared. He had just appeared in the starry sky with a strange expression.

He vaguely felt a familiar voice calling him.

“Shi Yu, save me…”

The voice came from very, very far away, crossing countless spaces. However, Shi Yu immediately recognized the owner of the voice.

He coughed dryly and crossed over, arriving outside a certain era ruin. He crossed space and time and looked inside.

He saw a big cat covered in dust trapped in the ruins and couldn’t leave no matter what.

Inside the ruins.

The gem cat was filled with hatred. Why was it so bored as to explore the ruins alone? At this moment, its cries were useless. It could probably only wait for Baby Ginseng and the others to discover that it had disappeared and come to save it.

The gem cat could be said to have made a wish for all the names that it could think of to save itself.

“Anyone is good. Come on, one of you. It’s been 100 years!!” The gem cat was about to cry. No one had noticed it for 100 years. Damn it.

“Teacher Ying, what are you thinking? You came to such a place alone.” In the outside world, Shi Yu first smiled before casually destroying the ruins and letting the gem cat come into contact with the outside world.

At the same time.

Sensing that the ruins were collapsing and it was gradually sensing the outside world, the gem cat was stunned, its eyes filled with surprise.

“This voice, Shi Yu??”

The gem cat was extremely excited and in disbelief. “Is it Shi Yu?”

“It’s me.” Shi Yu slowly descended in front of the gem cat and said, “Why didn’t you call Eleven and the others to explore the ruins?”

“Wait, you actually… In other words, you’ve become the holder of the universe?!” The gem cat was shocked and happy with various emotions. It didn’t expect that after making a wish for a long time, the person who was least likely to appear actually appeared.

“Chirp!” Seeing the gem cat teacher, Chi Tong also turned into a bird and landed on Shi Yu’s shoulder, looking at her happily.

“Chi Tong!!!…” The gem cat girl cried, as if it had seen its family.

“Wow, you guys were gone for a long time…”

Shi Yu sighed slightly. It had been a long time. If he wasn’t wrong, he and Chi Tong had spent a total of 100,000 years. In other words, he and Teacher Gem Cat hadn’t seen each other for 100,000 years.

Fortunately, the gem cat teacher was strong enough. Although it was still at the peak of the super divine level and couldn’t reach the cosmic level, 100,000 years was nothing to it.

It was a matter of a nap.

“We just succeeded and returned,” Shi Yu said. “Yes, we sensed your wish immediately.”

“Wu wu wu wu wu,” the gem cat said. “I missed you guys so much.”

“In other words, you haven’t seen Eleven and the others?”

“Yeah,” Shi Yu said. “I wanted to give them a surprise one by one. I secretly came out and didn’t call them. What’s wrong with you?”

“I didn’t expect that even though I’m already so strong, there are still ruins that can trap me.” The gem cat’s eyes were filled with tears. “I just want to break through to the cosmic level. Is it that difficult…”

In 100,000 years, some of the gem cat’s thoughts gradually changed. Bored, she finally wanted to break through to the cosmic level. Her goal was naturally a gem-type cosmic treasure to break through through through evolution.