Chapter 1962-End - Chapter 1962: Beast Taming Final Chapter (3)

Chapter 1962: Beast Taming Final Chapter (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Editor: Atlas Studios

Even the supreme peace holy beast of the Milky Way, a certain turtle god, snake god, and cat god, could only retreat in the face of their war and run to maintain peace elsewhere, not daring to care about them.

…

Unlike other pets, the Empress’s goal was very clear from the start. She wanted to break through to Universe 2 and feedback more power to Shi Yu. She had indeed done it. The Empress had always been ruthless and didn’t say much. Ever since she awakened the memories of her previous life, she had always silently supported Shi Yu.

“Where’s Qi?” Shi Yu and the gem cat teacher kept chatting. After chatting for a long time, he only didn’t hear the gem cat teacher mention Qi.

“That pink-haired loli,” the gem cat said. “She was injured from taking medicine.”

“For 100,000 years, she slept most of the time.”

Shi Yu: “?”

“It seems like the Empress can refine a medicinal pill that can allow the Time Sprite to temporarily reach the cosmic level.”

“In order to continue giving you feedback at the cosmic level, Qi took medicine from time to time. Now that it’s about to develop antibodies, I even wonder if you can strengthen it to the cosmic level.”

“Wait, don’t tell me you didn’t feel its feedback?”

“I felt it, I felt it,” Shi Yu said. “It was so ferocious. Is that medicinal pill very delicious?”

This medicinal pill seemed to have been developed by Senior Moon Rabbit.

Upon hearing that every pet was doing very well, Shi Yu heaved a sigh of relief and smiled. “Not bad.”

“I’m looking forward to meeting them.”

“We’ve been chatting for so long. Hurry up and go. They probably miss you to death. Although they’re all cosmic emperors, in their situation, it’s even possible for them to secretly wipe their tears in the middle of the night. Hmph,” the gem cat said.

“Okay.” Shi Yu nodded.

“By the way, apart from pets, don’t forget some people,” the gem cat said. “After so long, there are also some people who have been waiting for you to successfully come out.”

Shi Yu was slightly stunned and nodded.

In the next moment, he looked up at the starry sky.

…

At the same time.

On the cosmic overlord battleship, a little panda with its eyes closed sitting on the overlord throne suddenly opened its eyes. Very few people knew that the invincible cosmic overlord of the universe was actually in this form.

At this moment, Eleven’s black eyes were stunned when it saw the figure that appeared in front of it. In the next moment, tears filled its eyes.

“Wuu…”

…

In the Universe Dream Net, the Creation Dream Butterfly, Buggy.

…

On the Little Zi Star, Baby Ginseng was sitting cross-legged on the ground.

…

In the Milky Way Sea of Stars, Susu, was resting quietly.

…

In the Mechanical City, the shadow of the ship girl who ruled the mechanical juggernaut civilization.

…

The Empress, Little Ji, Duckie… Shi Yu and Chi Tong appeared in front of every contracted pet of Shi Yu. It was unknown if they appeared at the same time or at different times.

When they saw Shi Yu and Chi Tong, they were extremely shocked and happy. Countless emotions brewed in their eyes.

“Everyone, I’m back.”

“I’m finally back. I’m so tired… Thank you for your hard work.”

“Next, do you want to start a new journey? I’ve already thought of the content.”

Shi Yu smiled at them.

“Wuu!!!” The pets cheered in the sky. Of course!!!

Some pets were born weak and unwilling to be ordinary.

Some pets had weak races and big dreams.

Some pets broke their understanding and resisted fate.

Some pets died as guardians.

Some pets were pure and unblemished, yet had changed because of themselves.

Some pets, silently devoted, embodied the spirit of the group.

Be it in his previous life or this life, Shi Yu was a Beast Tamer. Shi Yu also liked this profession very much.

Therefore, if he broke the restrictions of the era and let the other 10 eras reappear in a parallel space, Shi Yu had a new dream.

It was to let the Beast Taming System develop in every era, hoping that more people could find their own restraints.

As the holder of the universe…

He would create a new era of beasts in the great universe!

…

The End.