Chapter 1961 - Chapter 1961: Beast Taming Final Chapter (2)

Chapter 1961: Beast Taming Final Chapter (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Editor: Atlas Studios

Therefore, exploring the ruins of the era became the gem cat’s main direction.

The exploration of some ruins previously was indeed relatively smooth. This was purely unlucky.

“Speaking of which, do you know that the structure of the universe has changed especially drastically now?” The gem cat changed the topic, not wanting Shi Yu to investigate the matter of it being trapped.

“I did, but I haven’t understood it in detail. It should have come from the universe erasing memories of me, Eleven, and the others in the world,” Shi Yu said.

“Yes, yes,” the gem cat said. “Apart from us, no one remembers you anymore after 100,000 years.”

“It doesn’t matter.” Shi Yu smiled.

“Chat?” Shi Yu originally wanted to use his cosmic will power to check the history of the universe and see the experiences of his pets and acquaintances.

However, now that he had encountered Teacher Gem Cat, he felt that perhaps understanding the changes through conversation might feel more personal and engaging.

It was better to use the cosmic will’s power sparingly. For some reason, Shi Yu has this feeling, hoping that it wouldn’t turn out to be a case of “be careful what you wish for.”

…

A change of 100,000 years could not be said to be small.

Unfortunately, in the past 100,000 years, apart from Baby Ginseng and Chi Tong, Shi Yu’s team had no other pets that had advanced to the cosmic level.

On the other hand, Buggy and the Empress broke through to Universe 2.

At this moment, apart from some old antiques, most people had forgotten what the former Contaminated Land was like. They only remembered the new area of the Milky Way.

Of course, after 100,000 years, there were also many new myths and legends in the Milky Way now. In the words of the gem cat, they were all created by Shi Yu’s pet.

…

100,000 years ago, Eleven challenged the cosmic overlord Cypos alone and won. People forgot about Shi Yu, but they remembered the new [cosmic overlord]. Its name was Eleven. It defeated the once invincible Cypos and became the strongest in the universe.

Now, under Eleven’s lead, the Iron-eating Beast Race had already become a famous battle race. They fought in the universe and unearthed resources. Then, they were sent back to the Milky Way and replaced the original Cypos Army, becoming a new invincible army that roamed the universe.

Under his command, the Beastmaster Bu Lu, Lin Xiuzhu, and other super experts gathered.

…

Buggy built a super dream universe network that connected the Milky Way, the Cosmic Sea, the overlord territory, the Worm Mother Nest, and the Behemoth Empire, connecting the entire universe.

Life forms who logged into the Dream Universe network could freely communicate, entertain, and experience novel things with the Dream Universe network, and the price was only to have a certain amount of physical strength extracted.

Now, the cosmic dream net had long become the most popular special mystic realm in the universe, and the Creation Dream Butterfly was also respectfully called [Lord of Dreams].

…

Baby Ginseng was presiding over the Little Zi Star alone. The current Little Zi Star was the second largest star in the Milky Way. There were still no new lives born here, but it welcomed those external supplement races to settle in.

This was a holy land for countless supplement races to “worship the emperor”. 100,000 years after Baby Ginseng changed the fate of the supplement races, many epoch god supplement races that were enough to attack super divine had already been born in the universe, becoming the overlords of the starry sky.

And the [ginseng emperor] had always been a light to guide them forward.

…

In comparison, Susu had worked hard for 100,000 years. It temporarily gave up its job of cleansing and only kept awakening the memories of some people.

For the past 100,000 years, the erasure of Shi Yu by the universe had never stopped. Even if someone’s memories recovered, it was still possible for them to be erased a second time.

Susu was like a recorder of history, helping some people and making them remember Shi Yu.

However, although most people had still forgotten Shi Yu, even if the history had been changed, no one forgot that the Dark King was killed by a cleansing star spirit and Sea of Stars sprite called Susu. Many people vaguely remembered that such a supreme cleansing life form existed in the universe.

…

What Ling did was the most difficult. It had been assisting other pets, either helping a team of pets better complete its goal or helping the second team’s pets break through to the cosmic level.

Of course, perhaps Shi Yu didn’t sense it clearly, but it was indeed Ling. It led every pet behind the scenes and nourished Shi Yu for 100,000 years. At the same time, it was transmitting some information through the changes in the nourishing power at all times.

In the end, Shi Yu could successfully contract the universe because of Ling’s silent guidance.

At the same time, as the only cosmic-level mechanical juggernaut in the universe to maintain the “cosmic dream net” with Buggy, Ling also monopolized almost all the technological products surrounding the cosmic dream net. At the same time, as the largest battleship supplier of the Iron-eating Beast Fleet, the entire universe knew that a certain mechanical juggernaut was also extremely rich. It was an indispensable partner of [cosmic overlord Eleven] and [Lord of Dreams].

…

Very few people knew that these powerful, terrifying, and indescribable supreme creatures were actually one person’s pets.

…

Of course, in terms of infamy, Little Ji and Duckie were still the best. These two guys had never stopped fighting for 100,000 years.

One side was expanding the continent in the Milky Way, while the other was leading some obedient Abyss Races to expand the Sea of Stars in the Milky Way.

Even those powerful beings not residing in the galaxy know that there were two super fierce beasts here. They often engaged in conflicts at the slightest provocation, causing disruptions in the star domains, with combat prowess comparable to that of a quasi-universal throne.