Chapter 804 - 804 Killing With The Umbrella Of Time (6)

804 Killing with the Umbrella of Time (6)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

She only felt that the secretary was teasing her.

“Auland, what’s wrong?” Sylphra looked at Auland.

Auland said, “Your Majesty, my secretary said that Qi… that elven girl without transcendent power passed all 12 levels of the royal trial.”

“Huh?” The Elven Empress was stunned. She felt that this name was a little familiar.

There was no transcendent power… Back then, the elves indeed had a special elven baby without transcendent power.

However, she couldn’t see any problem with the other party either. She only treated it as a special case of mixed blood.

“Qi?! She shouldn’t be very old.”

President Auland’s words not only surprised the Elven Empress slightly, but Annie, Lil, Luo Yi, and the others were even more shocked.

Qi? That Qi who was still practicing archery on the training ground just now? How was that possible?

“Strange.” The Elven Empress pondered slightly. She had confirmed that it was impossible for Qi to awaken transcendent power. Even if she helped the other party optimize their race, it was very difficult. In this situation, unless she used suitable legendary resources to change her fate, there was a trace of hope of awakening transcendent power.

However, it was impossible for Tingxiang to use a legendary resource that had a chance of strengthening totems on a little girl.

Moreover, suitable resources were not so easy to find.

Therefore, Qi’s situation was unsolvable. How did this Qi pass the 12th level of the trial? She had personally built the mystic realm, so she still knew the difficulty.

“Is it over?” The Elven Empress, Sylphra, looked at President Auland, Lu Qingyi, and the others.

She planned to go to the trial mystic realm to take a look at Qi’s situation.

….

At this moment, outside the mystic realm, Qi walked out happily and excitedly.

She passed!

12 levels!

She was still not proficient in the use of the Time Umbrella. Even so, only four young people had passed the royal trial in the past ten years!

[I’m still too weak. If I had a higher affinity for natural energy, the power of these weapons could be greater…] Qi Xin thought.

The physiques of the elves were very close to natural energy, so they were like fish in water when using these weapons and equipment that mobilized natural energy.

Although she couldn’t awaken skills, Qi felt that Shi Yu’s reminder was right. In the future, she could major in natural physiques to increase her proficiency in controlling weapons and equipment.

The elves were born with a natural physique. It could be seen as having half an All Things Affinity talent. Ordinary pets could only have a physique like the elves when they reached the overlord level.

Totems like the Vortex Demon Beast were like this. Even if it was so weak back then that it didn’t have a trace of energy, just its physique that could mobilize the power of nature could create a monstrous tsunami and force Shi Yu and the others into a desperate situation.

“Qi!”

As soon as Qi came out of the mystic realm, she discovered countless people looking at her outside.

Even the two royal Beast Tamers from Tingxiang who were going to participate in the world competition came.

This scene instantly shocked Qi, making her hug the white Time Umbrella in her arms tightly.

At this moment, these people were extremely puzzled. Qi looked like she was still at the Awakening level. How could she pass the 12th level?

“Little girl, what’s with your weapon…?”

At this moment, Master Liu Ke couldn’t wait to walk out and ask Qi about this umbrella.

He asked Ge Lin. This dwarf didn’t say anything. Although Ge Lin knew that it was given by Shi Yu, she wasn’t willing to talk nonsense without the agreement of Qi and even Shi Yu himself. Her temper was very stubborn.

Weapon?

Everyone looked at the white umbrella in Qi’s hand.

“Master Liu Ke, you’re saying that Qizhen really relied on equipment to pass level 12??”

They were completely stunned and couldn’t understand.

“Is that a divine weapon?”

“This…” At this moment, Qi immediately became nervous. She suddenly realized that she seemed to have caused trouble.

She had definitely caused a huge commotion by passing the 12th level.

Although Shi Yu had said that he didn’t mind her casually using this umbrella and letting her use it to challenge the levels, Qi instantly didn’t know what to do after being noticed by so many people.

“Qi, let’s go back first.” Master Ge Lin walked out and walked to Qi’s side.

But at this moment, everyone suddenly held their breaths and looked at a spot.

Because, with a spatial ripple, a few extremely noble people arrived.

Be it the royal Beast Tamers, elves, or outsiders like Ge Lin who came to work, their breathing stopped. They looked at the Elven Empress who appeared in front of them, President Auland, Annie, and the others beside her.

“Your Majesty.”

In an instant, all the members of the royal family present bowed and greeted. Qi was no exception and immediately bowed nervously.

“No need for formalities,” Sylphra said, then looked at Qi in the crowd. She was surprised, but she didn’t feel that she had become stronger.

It was still an Awakening-level energy wave…

“Qi, right? I just heard from President Auland that you passed the 12 levels of the trial?”

At this moment, everyone around looked up in surprise. They didn’t expect that passing the 12th level would attract the empress.

Incredibly, even when Annie, Lil, and the others beside the empress passed the 12th level, the empress didn’t pay much attention, right?

However, Qi’s situation was indeed a little special.

“Yes, yes, Your Majesty.” Qi’s face was red as she looked at the Elven Empress nervously.

“Huh?” This mystic realm was established by the Elven Empress. Although she had handed the mystic realm to others to manage, after coming here, she instantly saw all the history that had happened in the first half a day inside the mystic realm.

At this moment, the Elven Empress’s expression changed slightly. She looked at the weapon in Qi’s hand and felt a little strange. Why was the artifact spirit of this weapon so similar to the butterfly she had seen in Dragon Palace City and Shi Yu’s butterfly’s power form?

“Who gave you this umbrella?” the Elven Empress said.

“It’s Lord Shi Yu…” Qi said.

Shi Yu!

When this name came out of Qi’s mouth, Lu Qingyi, Lian, Annie, Lil, and the others beside her were immediately stunned. They looked at the umbrella in Qi’s hand.

What was going on?

What was going on?

“As expected, it’s him.” The Elven Empress was silent and looked at Qi. Then, she turned to look at the more mature Annie and Lil. She was a little confused. Where did they lose?

What was Shi Yu thinking when he shook off the more mature and beautiful Annie, Lil, and the others to get weapons and equipment to get this elven kid?

At this moment, President Auland suddenly looked at Annie and the others. At this moment, these elven geniuses had blank expressions and had yet to react to what was going on.

“So… Qi really relied on this umbrella to clear level 12?!”

At that moment, even the empress asked about this umbrella. The surrounding Tingxiang geniuses began to find it even more unbelievable.

What exactly was this? They couldn’t defeat an Awakening-level elven girl? She defeated a top-notch monarch with this thing?

Shi Yu gave it to her?

Wasn’t Shi Yu the number one person below the legends of Dong Huang who had led Dragon Palace City to Tingxiang today!

They had heard a lot of Shi Yu’s experience at the banquet today, but they suddenly realized that they were not familiar with this guy at all. What was wrong with this guy? He gave an Awakening-level sprite an umbrella, and her strength was comparable to the current four geniuses of the new generation of the royal family?

They had yet to pass the 12th level. Didn’t that mean that they were inferior to Qi?

At this moment, the group of Tingxiang geniuses was completely stunned.

Moreover, why would Shi Yu give the umbrella to Qi…

“What exactly is Shi Yu doing?” Lu Qingyi’s face darkened. She felt that Shi Yu wasn’t someone who knew his place and always caused trouble. As expected, while she was entering the ruins, Shi Yu directly guided a little girl to clear the royal trial in Tingxiang…