Chapter 802 - 802 Killing With The Umbrella Of Time (4)

802 Killing with the Umbrella of Time (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Buzz!

The white substantialization of the deterrence wave that was like lightning instantly swallowed the deterrence of the guardian of the ninth level and squeezed over. Before the guardian of the ninth level could react, his eyes instantly turned white. He was knocked out by the backlash of Qi’s mental defense equipment and the panda pendant.

The white substantialization of the deterrence wave that was like lightning instantly swallowed the deterrence of the guardian of the ninth level and squeezed over. Before the guardian of the ninth level could react, his eyes instantly turned white. He was knocked out by the backlash of Qi’s mental defense equipment and the panda pendant.

At this moment, Qi was getting more and more excited. Was this really just defensive equipment?

This panda accessory was wrapped in a Dao Proficiency deterrence wave and contained Eleven’s overlord will. Not to mention the deterrence of a monarch-level ferocious beast, it could even protect Qi from a standard overlord-level deterrence.

After all, with this full-level deterrence binding skill, Emperor Wu had created the Iron-eating Beast Training Ruins that had lasted for 2000 years. To this day, the deterrence fluctuations of the stone pillar still had its own consciousness.

…

At this moment, Shi Yu was still researching the possibility of the Time Sprite reincarnation with Ling. He had no idea that Qi had already started to kill indiscriminately at the royal trial in Tingxiang with the top-notch equipment they had given him.

Outside the trial mystic realm, a group of young royal geniuses looked at the eleven stars behind Qi’s name and their mouths were already agape.

Qi didn’t come out for a long time, which meant that she was challenging the twelfth level.

Under their incomprehensible and unbelievable calls, more and more geniuses of the Tingxiang royal family came when they heard the news. They looked at the name Qi on the Mystic Realm Ranking in shock.

How did Qi, an Awakening-level sprite who had never mastered transcendent power, reach the eleventh level?

How was this possible?

Even if she could control level-seven legendary equipment, it was impossible for her to defeat a monarch.

Weapons and equipment were just icing on the cake.

It could make up for the shortcomings of some pets and Beast Tamers, such as letting low-level lives withstand the deterrence of high-level lives and let their attributes be more comprehensive, but it would definitely not be too ridiculous. It would not exceed the enhancement of the Beast Taming Talent, and the strength of an equipment would not exceed the transcendent life form’s own transcendent ability.

Otherwise, equipment would have long been mainstream.

“I don’t understand.”

“I don’t understand either.”

“Don’t tell me that Qi has a legendary weapon or divine weapon in her hand!”

“Stop kidding. Where did she get that kind of thing? I believe that the mystic realm is broken.”

The guardian of the twelfth level was a top-notch monarch that could temporarily match overlords. It was very difficult to defeat.

Its normal energy level reached eight million. Its race was the huge tree of war, the overlord race, the monarch level.

In a 1VS1 situation, there were only four people in the new generation of Tingxiang who defeated it.

In the forest area of the twelfth level, it was undoubtedly very difficult to defeat it, but at this moment, an unimaginable scene occurred.

“Da da da da!!!!!”

The opponent in the twelfth level was indeed very strong. Qi also fell into a bitter battle.

She was carrying a heavy huge machine gun. On the machine gun, dazzling light bullets kept condensing, spewing light energy at the rate of thousands of light bullets every minute.

This machine gun was created by Baby Ginseng and Ling together. Using mechanical theory and plant-type knowledge, it could directly photosynthesize. Through the energy storage beam, it could condense light bullets in places with light and shoot.

The artifact spirit was Baby Ginseng.

The reason why she took out this weapon was because the Giant War Tree was too strong. The entire forest was its hands and feet. The attacks came from all directions, and it was very difficult to resist with other weapons.

“F*ck, what’s wrong with this kid?”

At this moment, the huge war tree hidden behind the scenes cursed in its heart. Seeing the plant army it controlled being destroyed by that exaggerated weapon, its heart turned cold.

It condensed a vine with all its might and wanted to penetrate this machine gun from the cover like a bullet or tie up the short pink-haired elven girl. However, when the vine approached the other party, a cold aura quickly rose around the other party’s body!

It shattered the vines and protected the little girl.

Susu’s protective water mutation ability!

At the moment, it was protecting Qi with the panda pendant in the form of a water drop accessory. It was also a protective skill that had been tempered to have its own consciousness.

“I don’t understand!” The Giant War Tree, which rarely had a match among monarchs, looked at this Awakening-level elven girl in confusion. It didn’t understand why she could pass the twelfth level and why she could control so many weapons and equipment.

“The Umbrella of Time is indeed very strong!” Riding the machine gun, Qi’s expression was red. Her chubby face was filled with madness and excitement. Her cherry petal-like delicate lips were tightly pursed, and she had gradually entered a state.

….

Of course.

At this moment, the most stunned person was still Master Ge Lin, who had watched Qi grow up.

At the start, it was alright, but when Qi started to instantly kill the spatial sprite in the eighth level, everything became wrong.

The guardian of the ninth level of the monarch level still lost his battle awareness in a single move.

Until now, Qi was fighting the veteran top-notch monarch war tree in Tingxiang.

“I don’t understand at all!!” Master Liu Ke, the administrator who had been watching the situation in the mystic realm, was speechless. As a top-notch master who could resist overlords, as a friend of a legendary dwarf and a legendary Mechanic, he couldn’t understand the weapon in Qi’s hand at all.

It was fine if it could transform.

It was fine if it involved multiple attributes.

It was fine if it contained a conscious artifact spirit.

It was fine if an Awakening-level little girl could easily control it and suppress a top-notch monarch.