Chapter 801 - 801 Killing With The Umbrella Of Time (3)

801 Killing with the Umbrella of Time (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

If it was a level-five equipment with its own consciousness, it should be able to let Qi pass the first four levels, right? Or even the fifth level?

“This…” Administrator Liu Ke was shocked again.

“What’s wrong?”

“The Warhammer Giant in the fourth level was also insta-killed by an arrow,” Liu Ke muttered.

It was a giant cub of a quasi overlord race, but it was nearly ten meters tall.

But perhaps, in the eyes of the current Qi, it was a living target.

“What happened?” At the same time, more and more people noticed Qi’s crazily rising ranking and were stunned.

That Qi had passed the fourth level in less than a few minutes?

It had already defeated a transcendent-level opponent of a quasi overlord race?

“What’s going on?” The Beast Tamers and elves present had different levels, but at this moment, they were all attracted by Qi’s quickly rising ranking.

This wasn’t the end.

Soon, the fifth level was passed!

Even if the opponent’s strength reached transcendent race commander rank, inside the trial mystic realm, Qi still insta-killed with an arrow.

This stunned the other members of the royal family.

The sixth level, commander rank, seventh level, low-level monarch rank. As expected, there was still not much pressure. The arrow ended it.

Until she reached the eighth level. From this level, the guardian was unique.

The guardian of the eighth level was a spatial humanoid sprite of the quasi overlord race, commander rank. It was one of the new generation of guards in the palace. It looked at Qi in front of him in silence, not understanding how Qi, an Awakening-level elven girl, came here.

[Isn’t this the little princess who doesn’t know transcendent power?]

“Protector Lendi…” Qi also knew this young guard. After knowing that the other party was a spatial element, the longbow in her hand flickered and turned into a white tachi. The tachi was still very long, so it was more difficult for Qi to pick it up.

“What’s this?” Lendi was still silent. Seeing the other party’s longbow become a tachi, he felt a sense of novelty and muttered to himself.

Before he could think too much, a voice suddenly sounded.

“Idiot, deal with it with all your might. Don’t be careless!” This voice stunned Lendi, because this voice was the voice of the manager of the mystic realm, Old Master Liu Ke.

Lendi’s heart immediately skipped a beat. He looked at the pink-haired elven little girl in front of him in a white dress. He saw that after she transformed the weapon into a white tachi, she raised it above her head and slashed down at him.

It was as if it could swing a sword aura.

“Concealment!” Lendi was indeed not careless. He used the most shameless move of the spatial element, Concealment.

This move had another name on the legendary Beast Tamers, called Etherealization.

It was a move that could let one hide in the subspace. Under normal circumstances, only spatial moves could hit life forms in this state.

Of course, if the power of the move was strong enough to distort subspace, it could also affect it. This power had to at least be the power of an overlord’s attack. However, in such a strong attack, the consumption and reward were not proportional.

Therefore, the spatial element was really invincible at times.

After Lendi entered the concealed state, he looked at Qi again, but then a painful scene appeared. During the process of Qi slashing down the Space Splitting Blade, a white halo spread on it. Then, the space in front of the Space Splitting Blade shattered like a mirror. A shock wave swept up an incomparable spatial vibration power and attacked him in the concealed state.

During this process, Lendi seemed to see countless transparent spatial butterflies flying.

And around him, the chaotic space had already been locked, making him unable to move at all.

He looked shocked and panicked.

At this moment, Qi finally understood what Shi Yu meant by being confident.

Boom!

After the attack, she looked at the ruined world in front of her in silence and looked at the weapon in her hand, the Space Splitting Blade.

This was a weapon condensed by Eleven, who had the strength of an overlord, with Hardening and Space Quake. It was also enchanted by Buggy with the Space Butterfly Phantom.

“Ge Lin, how can her weapons and equipment still change forms!!”

“It’s actually a spatial weapon!”

“And this power is no longer as simple as a level-five equipment. Level-six, level-seven?!”

“Who exactly gave her the weapon?”

Master Ge Lin was also silent. She knew that she was wrong. It wasn’t level five. Did this Dr. Shi Yu have divine ore at home!!

In the outside world.

As Qi passed the eighth level, it was already completely chaotic. The geniuses of the royal family looked at the name that jumped onto many people’s heads in a daze, unable to understand.

“What exactly happened?”

The ninth level was already a monarch-level guardian.

Generally speaking, even the geniuses of the Tingxiang royal family found it very difficult to win above their level in this level.

Because the guardians of this level basically mastered “deterrence” with high proficiency.

Deterrence was usually a greeting gift for the guardians of level 9 to 12.

It was to test if the guardian was qualified to come to this level to guard it.

And for Qi, who had the Umbrella of Time, this level was even simpler than the previous levels.

The tachi turned into the form of an umbrella again. Qi walked into the ninth level step by step. Just as she stepped in, an overwhelming monarch aura swept over with an expert-level deterrence wave!

Boom!

Qi opened the umbrella, and a mini black and white panda metal accessory pendant appeared at the tip of the umbrella. Then, a terrifying deterrence that shook the world erupted from the opened umbrella shield!!