Chapter 807 - 807 The Weakest Overlord Qi (3)

807 The Weakest Overlord Qi (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

This battle lasted for hundreds of years, creating a new round of totem chaos.

Only when the Space Emperor rose and became the new legendary Beast Tamer of Dong Huang in the chaotic world did the chaotic world end again.

The Space Emperor even relied on his own attributes to become the most influential legendary emperor on Blue Planet. This was because he had established a spatial teleportation array that covered Blue Planet at that time and could instantly let the Dong Huang and Dragon Palace City armies reach various places on Blue Planet.

Therefore, as an invader from the West and defeated by Dragon Palace City and Dong Huang, it was normal for the Dragon Empire to have a bad relationship with Dragon Palace City and Dong Huang.

As the leader of the Dragon Palace City exchange, Shi Yu might have already been targeted by the Dragon Empire.

Therefore, Lu Qingyi felt that it was better to let the gem cat go to Shi Yu’s as a bodyguard.

“Don’t worry about me,” Shi Yu said. “Don’t forget, I have the protection of the Dragon God.”

“Moreover… Susu has already accepted the Blue Sea inheritance and inherited the Blue Sea Ruins. With my identity as the owner of the Blue Sea Ruins, I can teleport to any projection of the Blue Sea Ruins at any time. No one can stop me.”

Just like how the protective water created by Susu could help Qi easily resist overlord-level attacks before its energy was exhausted…

The protective water created by the Dragon God could also help Shi Yu block the totem’s attack.

With such equipment and the Blue Sea Ruins that could be teleported at will, it was extremely difficult for even a demigod to keep Shi Yu.

It could be said that if Shi Yu couldn’t escape with these equipment on him, then letting the gem cat protect him would be equivalent to just throwing an extra cat for whatever this insanely powerful opponent was.

At this moment, Shi Yu had completely escaped the weak period where he needed bodyguards.

The world was a place that he could go alone.

“Wait?!” At this moment, when she heard that Susu had already accepted the inheritance of the Blue Sea Ruins, a trace of confusion appeared on Lu Qingyi’s exquisite face.

“Isn’t that… Isn’t that an inheritance that can only be accepted by overlords? You let it break through in advance for the world competition?”

“Is your body alright?”

Contracting an overlord above his level would drain him dry.

However, when she thought of Shi Yu’s monster physique, Lu Qingyi felt that her worries were unnecessary.

“No, no. It’s just that through the Time Fruit, Susu temporarily reached the overlord level and awakened the Blue Sea Ruins. In essence, it’s still at the monarch level. It won’t cause much burden.”

“In addition, because of strength, I didn’t completely receive the inheritance. I only received a portion and inherited the entry-level Blue Sea skill.”

Lu Qingyi: “?”

Was the Time Fruit for him to abuse like this…

Shi Yu smiled. “Senior, you should believe me now, right? With the Dragon God Protection and the Blue Sea Ruins, nothing will happen to me.”

….

That night, a big event was also announced in the Elven royal family.

The elven royal girl, Qi, was about to leave the palace and cultivate with the Beast Tamer of Dong Huang, Shi Yu.

As soon as this news was announced, everyone in the royal family of Tingxiang could be said to be extremely shocked.

Shi Yu’s name was already very famous in the royal family because of the banquet at noon.

Leading the ten overlords of Dragon Palace City, the founder of the mechanical phantom beast system, the number one person below the legends of Dong Huang… Not to mention this problematic girl without transcendent power, even whether those overlord royals were worthy of him was a problem.

As the news of Qi clearing the royal trial with the equipment Shi Yu had given her in the afternoon spread, some people who were originally very puzzled instantly fell silent. Then, they found it unbelievable and were shocked by Shi Yu’s actions.

Perhaps… this Big Boss Shi Yu really didn’t care about Qi’s state. After all, he had only given her one piece of equipment, and Qi’s battle power had leaped into the top ten of the new generation in Tingxiang.

Since he could strengthen this Awakening-level sprite that didn’t know any skills to this extent… How strong was Shi Yu himself?

In an instant, the royal family of Tingxiang was even more curious about the true strength of Dong Huang, the number one person below the legendary level.

“Qi, you have to cultivate well with Lord Shi Yu. Don’t miss this opportunity. You have to be obedient,” Master Ge Lin instructed.

At this moment, she already knew the power of the Umbrella of Time. This equipment could completely be called a legendary level-seven equipment. Perhaps only the legendary dwarves in the history of [Tingxiang Continent] could be forged.

In the 2000 years of history of [Tingxiang Ancient Nation], no one could create such equipment anymore. If this equipment was not obtained by chance by Shi Yu, but because Shi Yu had a forging channel, then if Qi followed Shi Yu, even if she couldn’t use extraordinary power in his life, her future achievements couldn’t be low.

“Alright!” Qi was full of energy.

Tonight was destined to be a sleepless night, especially for Qi, Annie, Lil, Luo Yi, and the other elven geniuses.

As the royal family announced that Qi was about to leave with Shi Yu, Annie, Lil, and the others could be said to be extremely stunned.

They finally understood why Her Majesty and President Auland looked at them like that in the afternoon.

[It was clearly me first…]

President Auland was also stunned because Her Majesty wanted her to take out the legendary resource [Nature Fruit] from the natural ruins as a farewell gift.

If it weren’t for the fact that the empress was supreme, President Auland would even think that the empress was crazy.

Legendary resources could almost 100% nurture an overlord. Even transcendent races might rely on legendary resources to strengthen themselves to an overlord. There was even a 10% chance of strengthening an overlord to a totem.