Chapter 805 - 805 The Weakest Overlord Qi

805 The Weakest Overlord Qi

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

At that moment, everyone knew how Qi cleared the 12 levels.

Relying on weapons and equipment.

However, apart from a few people, most people still didn’t understand why Qi could clear the trial so quickly with just one piece of equipment.

For a moment, a knowledgeable librarian like Lil couldn’t think of equipment that could help Qi pass the 12th level so easily among the various legendary equipment collected by the elves.

Whether it was low-level or high-level, it was impossible for an Awakening-level Qi to control it.

It was impossible for a level 1 sprite to wear level 100 equipment.

Even some equipment with artifact spirits couldn’t recognize an Awakening-level sprite so easily. Although the conditions to use it after obtaining their recognition would be much lower, the owner recognition process was also a huge test for the user.

In an instant, Shi Yu became even more mysterious among these royal geniuses.

It wasn’t scary that he was strong. What was scary was that he could actually casually make an Awakening-level elf comparable to them through a piece of equipment.

This extremely mysterious image made the two Tingxiang geniuses present who were about to communicate with Dragon Palace City tomorrow feel a huge pressure.

“As expected of you.” Lu Qingyi looked at the umbrella in Qi’s hand and fell into deep thought.

As one of the people who understood Shi Yu the most, Lu Qingyi was the first to know what was going on.

Perhaps there was a phantom created by Buggy as the artifact spirit in that weapon.

Shi Yu often used this strategy. For example, in the martial arts conference, Shi Yu used an Ice Dragon Blade to summon the Ice Dragon Artifact Spirit Phantom to assist him in battle. He cooperated with the Artifact Spirit Phantom to lead and defeat monarchs above his level.

For example, in the National League, he even let Chi Tong activate Mu Huiyin’s artifact spirit phantom on its own and form a combination skill that crossed a thousand miles with Buggy. It used the Interlocking Sword to crush Gao Xuan.

For the people around Shi Yu, it was no longer a secret that Shi Yu had mastered a set of skills to use phantom illusions as artifact spirits.

If this method was used, it could indeed allow this little girl to easily pass the 12th level.

Lu Qingyi was silent. She naturally knew the battle power of that butterfly. Whether her overlord-level sprite could defeat the divine dragon phantom it created with all its might was a problem.

Letting these illusions be equipment artifact spirits, wasn’t this a dimensional reduction attack? It was up to Buggy to do anything it wanted.

Lu Qingyi even suspected that even without this little girl holding a weapon, it wasn’t impossible for Shi Yu to let the weapon clear the level itself. No, it wasn’t impossible to let the artifact spirit leave the equipment to clear the level.

Lu Qingyi was immediately amused. It was right that the surrounding people couldn’t understand. After all, they didn’t know the power of Buggy’s imagination.

This ability was definitely a skill that dwarf blacksmiths dreamed of.

“Alright, you guys can leave.”

After knowing what was going on, the Elven Empress began to chase people away. After she spoke, although most of the Tingxiang geniuses gathered still had many questions, they still couldn’t bear to leave under the Elven Empress’s orders.

As for the Elven Empress, Sylphra, she looked at Qi and said, “Follow me to Shi Yu.”

In the Elven Empress’s opinion, Shi Yu’s behavior was definitely up to no good. This equipment was extremely ridiculous. To be able to make many legendary dwarves fight crazily to study it, Shi Yu definitely wouldn’t give it to Qi for no reason. Therefore, she wanted to figure out what Shi Yu meant.

….

“…” Shi Yu didn’t expect the Elven Empress to bring Qi to him so quickly.

Wasn’t the Elven Empress visited by Annie and the others to study some natural ruins?

“Your Majesty.” After Sylphra arrived, Shi Yu immediately welcomed her.

Beside the Elven Empress, Qi, who was holding the umbrella, was very careful and didn’t dare to say anything.

“Shi Yu, did you give her that weapon?” the empress asked.

Shi Yu glanced at Qi and said, “Yeah, what’s wrong?”

“She took this and cleared the 12th level of the royal trial, causing quite a stir.” The Elven Empress looked at Shi Yu.

Among this generation of Tingxiang geniuses, only four people could normally pass the 12 levels she had established.

In the end, Shi Yu relied on equipment to help an Awakening-level elven girl pass. She suspected that Shi Yu was targeting her.

“Ah… Haha, is that so?” Shi Yu smiled in embarrassment.

It was indeed him who encouraged Qi to establish more confidence.

It was impossible to train her willpower like before.

He had to establish confidence and shatter it again. Then, he would establish it and shatter it again and again.

“Then why are you giving such a precious thing to her?” Sylphra asked with a smile.

“I haven’t had time to tell you.”

“I want to help Qi cultivate,” Shi Yu said. “This might be a weapon, but every weapon can help her better affinity with natural energy or help her train her physique during the use. It’s equivalent to a training tool.”

“Your Majesty, let Qi follow me to Dong Huang to cultivate.”

As expected…

The Elven Empress knew that Shi Yu must have chosen Qi to make such an equipment with such importance. However, what she didn’t understand was why Shi Yu chose Qi despite leaving so many elven geniuses behind.

“Why?” the Elven Empress asked.

Why… Didn’t she say that she wanted him to contract a sprite? Shi Yu complained in his heart.

“Firstly, it’s because even if Qi doesn’t have extraordinary power, she works very hard to train herself with various weapons and equipment. I like her personality very much. Secondly, her physique shouldn’t be as simple as it looks. The reason for the flaw might be because her potential is huge.”