Chapter 808 - 808 The Weakest Overlord Qi (4)

808 The Weakest Overlord Qi (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Moreover, it was a legendary resource that matched the elves like the [Nature Fruit]. It had to be given to Shi Yu and Qi?

“Just do it,” Sylphra said calmly.

It was just a legendary resource.

It wasn’t anything precious.

Moreover, Tingxiang didn’t lose anything. The fruit was obtained for free.

….

The next day, before the Dragon Palace City exchange banquet began, President Auland brought Qi to visit Shi Yu. At the same time, she handed Qi and the Nature Fruit to Shi Yu.

“This is…” Shi Yu held the pomegranate-like green natural fruit and instantly recognized what resource this was through the third index.

He was extremely surprised. Wasn’t this one of the two legendary resources obtained in the natural ruins that Senior Lu mentioned yesterday?

Due to the initial agreement, she returned it to Tingxiang and only kept the Wind God Flower.

“This is the legendary resource, the Nature Fruit. It’s a farewell gift from Her Majesty to Qi to leave Tingxiang. It can increase Qi’s affinity and control over natural energy. This is a physique strengthening resource. Even if she doesn’t have any transcendent power, she can still use the Nature Fruit. It can be said to be one of the few resources suitable for her,” President Auland said.

At the side, Qi was stunned. She didn’t expect that when she left, the empress would give her legendary resources.

Although everyone in Tingxiang usually took good care of her, the care level of legendary resources was clearly something Qi couldn’t enjoy previously.

Although Qi was a child, she was also very smart. She knew that these changes were brought about by Shi Yu.

“Thank Her Majesty for me. I’ll take good care of Qi.” Shi Yu didn’t stand on ceremony and also accepted the Nature Fruit.

This was indeed a good thing.

If it went smoothly, he might be able to use this to strengthen Qi to the pseudo overlord level.

As for why it was a pseudo overlord, it was because if she completely digested the Nature Fruit, although she might not be able to obtain overlord-level battle power, she should be able to master natural power attainments that far exceeded ordinary overlords.

After all, although she didn’t have any transcendent skills, the natural affinity of the elves was preserved.

After a monarch-level life form broke through to the overlord level, its physique would welcome a rebirth and become an affinity natural physique.

Even if they didn’t use the transcendent power in their bodies to form skills, they still had the ability to mobilize the power of nature to form elemental attacks.

Therefore, most overlord-level lives would choose to cultivate the power of nature.

Mobilizing the power of nature to cooperate with skill attacks was the battle mode of most overlords.

Only a very small number of overlord lives didn’t cultivate with the power of nature. Of course, this was also because they might have mastered stronger special powers, such as the power of imagination of Buggy, the power of life and death of Baby Ginseng, and the power of the Void Mantis.

Among them, the elves were born with natural affinity. When they were just born, they could sense the power of nature like other overlord-level life forms and the elemental particles floating in the air. Qi was no exception.

However, when they were weak, they couldn’t mobilize them like real overlord lives.

After the elves reached the overlord level, they didn’t need to specially cultivate at all. Their control over the power of nature was comparable to the years of bitter cultivation of ordinary overlords.

If Qi ate the Nature Fruit, she should also have an overlord-level natural physique. Although she didn’t have any skills, she could easily mobilize the power of nature to attack.

This battle mode might be more dependent on the arena. When it encountered the ability of the Anti-Demon Domain, it would immediately be blinded. It could be considered the weakest overlord, and the restrictions were even greater than the pure overlord physique.

However, the benefit was that if Qi mastered the power of nature, the equipment, the Umbrella of Time, should be able to display greater effects in her hands.

Weapons, the natural physique of the elves, and the artifact spirit could mobilize the power of nature to a greater extent to form an attack, displaying power that far exceeded the upper limit of the Time Umbrella.

However, since Qi had already joined the team, Shi Yu felt that he could return to the furnace to rebuild rough products like the Umbrella of Time that had been rushed out at the last minute and let Ling and the others spend more effort to process them.

President Auland left to prepare for the exchange competition. As for Qi, she stayed behind nervously and happily and looked at Shi Yu.

“It’s very bitter to cultivate with me. You have to be mentally prepared.”

“In addition, I’m currently a level-six Beast Tamer. My contract slot is already full, so I can’t sign a contract with you for the time being.”

“Since this fruit was given to you by the Elven Empress, you should eat it when you find an opportunity. At that time, you should be considered an overlord, right?”

Overlord level!

Qi said, “Can I directly reach the overlord level from the Awakening level?”

Shi Yu smiled. “Probably not. You have to digest it slowly. Moreover, it’s not that your energy level and life level have reached the overlord level, but that you have an overlord-level physique. Note that it’s a physique. You can only have control over the power of nature that’s not inferior or even far exceeds most overlords, but it’s very likely that you still don’t have any transcendent skills. Therefore, in theory, you can be considered the ‘weakest overlord’.”

Qi: QAQ

“But at that time, you should be able to better display the power of the Time Umbrella.”

The affinity of the elves with the power of nature was comparable to an elemental life form. It was top-notch. Moreover, it was an elf who would be eating a legendary exclusive resource like the Nature Fruit.

At that time, the cultivation speed of the natural power should be enough to reach the level of a top-notch overlord like the Sky Penetrating Whale.

“In the next few days, you don’t have to train in a hurry. Relax first. From today onwards, Dragon Palace City and your Tingxiang will have an exchange. I’ll bring you over to watch the battle. You come and broaden your horizons first and see the battle between true experts.”

“Alright!!” Qi nodded and listened to Shi Yu.

She didn’t realize at all that Shi Yu couldn’t be bothered with her at this moment and wanted to walk around the Tingxiang ruins as soon as possible. After all, time was tight…