Chapter 809 - 809 Strong Enemy In The World Tournament (1)

809 Strong Enemy in the World Tournament (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

After Qi arrived, Shi Yu briefly told her about the future training plan.er

Moreover, he had to let Qi understand his advantage first.

“My advantage?”

Qi said in confusion and shook her head.

She felt that she didn’t have any advantage…

“I can’t think of anything, but I’ll work hard!”

Shi Yu smiled and said, “If hard work is useful, there won’t be so few experts in this world.”

“In the records since ancient times, no legendary expert has relied on hard work to reach the peak, and no creature has relied on hard work to surpass overlords.”

“Bloodline, opportunities, resources, talent, direction… These are all more important than hard work. Hard work is just support.”

“Ah…” Qi was stunned.

“Let me tell you.”

“Your advantage is in your ‘bloodline’. You’re an elf. Although you look very ordinary in Tingxiang, especially among the royal family, you’ll know when you leave Tingxiang. Compared to the many species in the natural world, the natural physique of the elves is a huge advantage.”

“After familiarizing yourself with the power of nature, it can allow you to better control some equipment, such as the partial form of the Umbrella of Time. Under normal circumstances, after you use it a few times, its energy will be exhausted and it can’t be used again. But if you master powerful natural energy, you can replenish their energy yourself.”

“Apart from that, your advantage is still in the deeper ‘potential’. It’s this potential that suppresses your transcendent ability.”

“Then… what should I do?”

“You already have the resources. Thanks to your royal bloodline and your background, you obtained the natural fruit given by Her Majesty.”

Qi nodded silently. Yes, and because she had encountered Shi Yu, this should be considered an opportunity.

“Although you can’t become a top expert after eating the Nature Fruit, it’s not a problem for you to not be inferior to other royal geniuses.”

“But it’s just a legendary resource. It’s nothing. If the goal is a higher domain, you still have to develop the hidden potential to suppress your transcendent power.”

“Hidden potential?!” Qi opened his eyes.

Did she really have any hidden potential?

“Right.”

“If we can unearth this potential, it’s equivalent to hundreds of years of hard work by others.”

Qi gulped.

“Then I…”

“What you have to do is work hard.”

Qi: “?”

The little girl’s big pink eyes were filled with confusion, so should she work hard?

“I’m just letting you differentiate between priority and priority. I’m letting you know that your hard work is meaningful, because after you work hard, you can obtain a hundred times the reward. Of course, I’m referring to targeted training. Remember this. This is an important faith for you to be able to keep calm and not collapse in the next devil training…”

Qi understood, but she was even more afraid.

Therefore, what exactly was Shi Yu doing to her?

What kind of training did she have to undergo…

What bad thoughts could Shi Yu have?

He just wanted Qi to undergo a few rounds of the demonic training that Eleven and the others had experienced at that time.

The body passed through a snowstorm, bathed in magma, jumped down from the sky, swam in the deep sea, danced in a minefield…

Apart from that, this was only the foundation.

Previously, Qi had already established confidence. It was time to deal a blow.

The Umbrella of Time definitely had to be improved. Although this equipment was already the essence of the entire team’s strength and had used all the rare materials that could be used during forging, the details could still be optimized.

Apart from being offensive and defensive equipment, equipment could also be used as training equipment. Shi Yu was prepared to arrange for the Anti-Magic Armor and Dream Training Necklace.

When training Buggy and the others, Shi Yu’s psychological burden was relatively low, but Shi Yu really couldn’t bear to train an elf like this.

Sigh, it couldn’t be helped. Even a demigod reincarnation had its own overlord will, but an existence suspected to be the reincarnation of a Time Sprite actually had an extremely low will. He couldn’t be blamed.

For the sake of a beautiful future, he’d fight!

….

Before the storm arrived, Shi Yu gave Qi one last happy time to watch the exchange match. As for Shi Yu himself, he had already set off for Tingxiang to hatch the altar.

That day, the overlord of Dragon Palace City and the geniuses of Tingxiang gathered. President Auland also personally arrived at the scene to watch the exchange competition.

After what happened yesterday, this group of Tingxiang geniuses was even more curious about Shi Yu than the dragon-element overlord of Dragon Palace City!

Even the elven geniuses like Annie and Lil, who originally didn’t plan to participate in the exchange, arrived and sat at the side.

“Sister Annie…”

At this moment, Qi, who was sent to the scene by Shi Yu, was directly caught by Annie, Lil, and the others and pulled to the courtyard area to watch the battle.

At the same time, Qi didn’t understand why the way Sister Luo Yi and the others looked at her was so complicated…

“Qi, where’s Dr. Shi Yu? Why don’t I see him at the scene?” Hillia said.

Qi shook her head. She didn’t tell her where Shi Yu had gone.

“Are you Qi?”

On Tingxiang’s side, there were only more than ten people. There were five contestants of the Tingxiang World Tournament and some royal spectators from Tingxiang. The structure was very simple. Their attention was all on Qi.

Among them, a human young man observed this pink-haired loli curiously. Clearly, he had already heard the news that the royal elf of Tingxiang, Qi, was contracted by Dr. Shi Yu of Dong Huang.