Chapter 806 - 806 The Weakest Overlord Qi (2)

806 The Weakest Overlord Qi (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Shi Yu looked at the Elven Empress and said, “She’s very similar to my other companions. In the beginning, they more or less had some problems. Therefore, I want to try and see if I can help her change her fate.”

At the side, Qi’s gaze flickered as she looked at Shi Yu gratefully. As for the Elven Empress, she nodded.

Thinking that Shi Yu had discovered something special about Qi that even she didn’t discover, the Elven Empress felt that it was nothing. There were specializations in various fields, just like how even she couldn’t develop mechanical phantom beasts and Mythical mechanical phantom beasts. It was very normal for Shi Yu to have some unique insights.

She wanted to see how far Shi Yu, this legendary genius, could nurture this flawed elven girl.

“Qi, are you willing to follow him?”

The Elven Empress looked at Qi and asked for her opinion.

Although it was different from what she had imagined at the start, as long as Shi Yu could choose a Courtyard Sprite, a Tingxiang Elf, she would have achieved his goal.

“Yes, yes, I want to follow Lord Shi Yu.” Qi nodded.

“Then from today onwards, you can cultivate with Shi Yu. I’ll announce this later,” the Elven Empress said.

If the sprites of the Tingxiang royal family were contracted by outsiders, they had to be announced to the public. It was also a form of diplomatic relations.

At the same time, because they had left the royal family, the identities of these elves would also change slightly. Moreover, when they left, the royal family would also give them blessings and gifts.

…

After getting Qi from the Elven Empress, Shi Yu was much happier.

Regardless of whether Ling’s research results were right, it was definitely true that Qi had the power of a god in her body.

At the moment, Shi Yu’s plan was to let Qi, who had inherited the natural physique of the elves, continue to train her natural power. When she became stronger, her willpower level might increase.

The natural power from the outside world was different from the transcendent power in the body. It could be cultivated, but the difficulty was a little higher. After all, that was a skill that only overlords began to cultivate.

After the Elven Empress left, Lu Qingyi returned and found Shi Yu.

“In the library, you said you had something important to do. It’s to get the little elven girl in the training ground.”

The moment Lu Qingyi arrived, she had a smile on her face. However, this smile made Shi Yu feel a little guilty.

“How could that be?” Shi Yu said perfunctorily, but it was difficult to say about the Time Sprite.

Before the dust settled, he wouldn’t tell anyone, especially the Dragon God and the Elven Empress. That would only add a lot of trouble.

After all, traveling through space and time was too much of a bug.

After passing through space and time, he didn’t know if it would change the [Future] through the [Past] or create a new [Parallel Space].

Moreover, if teleportation was a divine skill, the cost of using it would probably be very high.

It was better to take it one step at a time and nurture it first.

“Don’t tell me you want to contract that elven little girl.” Lu Qingyi felt strange.

After she contracted Lian, she didn’t feel like she was raising a pet at all. Instead, she found herself a best friend.

Regarding this, White Brook was envious, jealous, and hateful. She expressed that she also wanted to be contracted by Senior Lu…

If it was this little elven girl, Lu Qingyi felt that it was no different from raising a daughter.

“It’s hard to say, but I’ve agreed with the Elven Empress that Qi should cultivate beside me next. This Qi’s physique shouldn’t be as simple as it looks. I’m more concerned about this. Her future achievements are definitely immeasurable.”

“Senior, what’s with that expression?”

Lu Qingyi was speechless. “I’m just worried that you can’t take good care of her.”

“She doesn’t have transcendent power herself, so she can’t train like other pets.”

“I naturally know this. There’s no problem. Senior, how’s the harvest from the natural ruins? From the looks of it, you should have just returned, right?”

At the mention of the gains from the natural ruins, Lu Qingyi smiled and said, “It’s naturally very sumptuous. Since you want to nurture sprites, I’ll give you some natural resources. By the way, in the next two days, I don’t want to watch and participate in the Dragon Palace City exchange competition. I plan to bring Lian to see other Tingxiang ruins. Previously, I’ve already made an appointment with President Auland.”

Shi Yu was amused. “I don’t plan to watch either. I’m going to the Space Emperor Ruins to hatch the egg first. I’ll leave this to Senior Ice Dragon to preside over. By the way, Senior, when you go, bring Teacher Ying along. It’s safer.”

“It’s better to let Teacher Ying follow you. Not many people here know me at all, but you…”

“From the situation of Tingxiang being enemies with the Dark Night Forest and the Dragon Empire all year round… you’re the one in more danger. Don’t forget the relationship between the Dragon Empire, Dragon Palace City, and Dong Huang.”

The Dragon Emperor was the fourth legendary emperor of the Dong Huang Dynasty. Ever since he ascended the throne, Dong Huang and Dragon Palace City had always been on good terms.

A thousand years ago, the Dragon God was already a demigod-level expert.

Logically speaking, with the protection of the Dragon God, even if the Dragon Emperor died, the Dong Huang Dynasty wouldn’t collapse again.

In fact, that was the case. Under the protection of Dragon Palace City, although the Dragon Emperor died, the Dragon Emperor Dynasty didn’t collapse. Instead, under the protection of Dragon Palace City, it continued to be passed down for a long time.

However, if Dragon Palace City couldn’t even take care of itself, and if the Dragon God didn’t have the energy to protect Dong Huang, the Dragon Emperor Dynasty would be in danger.

At that time, the eastern totem countries directly joined forces with the Western Dragon Empire and other factions. At the same time, a totem war occurred against Dong Huang and Dragon Palace City. Because Dragon Palace City wanted to fight the Dragon Empire, which also had a demigod life form, it had no time to protect Dong Huang.