Chapter 803 - 803 Killing With The Umbrella Of Time (5)

803 Killing with the Umbrella of Time (5)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

But how was that possible!

He widened his eyes and saw that Qi realized that she couldn’t take down the huge tree of war. She began to try to control multiple weapons at the same time.

She even took out a landmine that knew Earth Escape.

…

Ten minutes later.

The royal geniuses gathered outside the royal trial ruins looked at the name that ran to the top floor in silence and saw that her clearance record had become full stars.

The royal members who were called over because this matter was too ridiculous realized that what they saw was even more ridiculous than what they had heard.

Qi.

Who didn’t know her? It was that Awakening-level little girl without transcendent power. She was only a child now. How could she pass the twelfth level!!

After all, among the elves who had passed the 12 levels in the past few years, one was the current royal archer, Chang’an Nice, and the other was the royal librarian, Lil. Both had overlord-level strength and were the strongest geniuses among the royal elves.

As for Qi… How was that possible?

At this moment, the royal members far away, Annie, Lil, Luo Yi, Hillia, and the other geniuses, were waiting outside the natural ruins with the Elven Empress and President Auland.

The natural ruins were also in the capital of Tingxiang. Lu Qingyi had been in there for a while.

Finally, light flashed. Lu Qingyi and Lian came out of the natural ruins.

They looked very excited.

“How is it?” The Elven Empress, Sylphra, smiled at Lu Qingyi and Lian.

He didn’t expect Shi Yu to bring an impressive girl along. She actually contracted the daughter of the ancient guardian Wendy.

In theory, she should be able to obtain a lot of resources from the natural ruins.

After all, over the years, the resources in the natural ruins had grown faster than the rate they were being taken out.

“As expected, there are a total of two legendary resources, six level-eight resources, 19 level-seven resources, and several low-level resources.”

“So many!!!” Annie, Lil, and the others were shocked.

With this many resources, it might be a little difficult to create a totem, but it was definitely not difficult to pile up a few overlords.

“Two legendary resources!” President Auland was also very surprised. This was a huge gain.

“Not bad.” When the Elven Empress, Sylphra, heard that, her expression was not bad, but she sighed in her heart. It looked like she had waited for nothing. There were no Mythical resources.

She had mastered many special abilities, so Lu Qingyi couldn’t lie in front of her.

“Your Majesty, is it 50-50 according to what we said at the start?” Lu Qingyi said.

Even if this gain was 50-50, it was a huge sum of money to her. After all, it included a legendary resource.

Sylphra smiled and nodded without much thought. She knew that Lu Qingyi and Shi Yu had a good relationship.

“Just take what you need first.”

“Alright, thank you very much.” Lu Qingyi nodded.

In fact, the most important thing was still legendary resources.

There were a total of two.

One was a level-nine Wind God Flower, and the other was a level-nine natural fruit.

The Wind God Flower was a wind-element legendary resource. It could be used to strengthen wind-element pets. It was a strengthening resource.

As for the Nature Fruit, it was also a strengthening resource. It could increase the control of transcendent life forms over natural energy, but its usage conditions were even stricter than the Wind God Flower.

As long as the pet was wind-element and had wind-element skills, the Wind God Flower could be used to strengthen it.

However, the Nature Fruit was only effective for the elves.

In the end, Lu Qingyi chose the Wind God Flower and not the Nature Fruit.

Firstly, Lian had already used a legendary resource to reach the overlord level. She and Lian discussed it and wanted to give the new legendary resource to other pets to use and add a second overlord to the team.

Secondly, Lian was no longer a complete elf. Although it still had affinity with natural energy, the effect of using the Nature Fruit was definitely inferior to using it by elves with flesh and blood. The cost-effective ratio was not high.

Therefore, after consideration, Lu Qingyi chose to hand the Nature Fruit to Tingxiang.

After obtaining the Nature Fruit, President Auland was still overjoyed.

The Elven Empress, Sylphra, didn’t mind a legendary resource. At her level, legendary resources were rarely effective against her. She had already reached a bottleneck in the cultivation of natural power and it was no longer something a natural fruit could help her with.

“Nature Fruit. If that little brat Shi Yu contracted the Courtyard Sprite, let’s give this to him as a gift. This friendship shouldn’t be small, right?” Sylphra thought.

Contract Sprite+Nature Fruit should be able to completely tie Shi Yu, a super genius who would definitely become a legend in the future, to the chariot of Tingxiang.

However…

She looked at the envious expressions of Annie, Lil, Luo Yi, and the other elven geniuses speechlessly.

Why did these guys come to visit her after losing Shi Yu?

Was it really alright…

At this moment, Lu Qingyi, President Auland, and the others were dividing their gains on the spot. However, at this moment, President Auland received an important message.

“President Auland, in the royal trial, a new elf passed the twelfth level!”

On the other side, President Auland’s elven secretary was shocked.

“What?!! Who is it?” President Auland was also shocked. She didn’t remember anyone else having that potential.

Perhaps Luo Yi could in the future, but she was with her right now.

“It’s Qi, that Qi without transcendent power.”

“How is that possible?” President Auland said.