Chapter 815 - 815 Target: Totem (3)

815 Target: Totem (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Just as she descended, the Elven Empress saw that the Black Meteorite Yak was strong on the outside but weak on the inside. Her gaze landed on “Lin Ying”.

She was also very puzzled. Where did this old man come from?

“Your Majesty, the treasure that descended from the sky just now was taken by this old man.”

“He claims to be under the Great Dark Heavenly Saint Meteorite Bull God,” General Tingxiang said.

It meant that he didn’t look like a good person. She should kill him.

Shi Yu : “…”

Sensing the Elven Empress’s gaze, Shi Yu panicked.

Wait a minute.

[Cough, cough, cough. Your Majesty, Your Majesty, it’s me. Don’t attack. I’m Shi Yu, on the same team.] Seeing this, Shi Yu coughed dryly and immediately said telepathically to the Elven Empress.

He opened his green eyes and looked at the Elven Empress.

[Disguise, it’s a disguise to scare the totem countries.]

He immediately explained that he didn’t want to be slapped to death by his own people.

Elven Empress Sylphra: …

[You brat…]

Sylphra was silent. She looked at the gray-robed old Shi Yu with a little stomach ache and was momentarily stunned. She carefully observed Shi Yu. Just now, her attention was all attracted by the Black Meteorite Yak. She could tell at a glance that it was a fake trick on the Black Meteorite Yak and ignored this human.

From the looks of it, the traces of time on his body were also very strong. It didn’t look normal.

Shi Yu?

Seeing this, the Elven Empress Sylphra was speechless.

Why didn’t this kid preside over the Dragon Palace City exchange in Tingxiang but instead came to the border to scare their city guardian general?

She now knew why the Dragon God didn’t want Shi Yu to run around recklessly.

“I understand. You can leave first,” Sylphra said to the general.

“Yes!” The Tingxiang general immediately nodded and left according to the order.

Then.

The Elven Empress looked at Shi Yu again. Shi Yu also looked at her in embarrassment. He really wanted to say to the Empress that she was so free. She even descended personally for such a small matter.

….

At the same time, the Dark Elven Prince and the Flame Dragon King quickly returned to their territory with shocked expressions. They didn’t know if that Great Dark Heavenly Saint Meteorite Bull God could successfully leave under that woman.

“Investigate the totem of a gray-robed old man and the Great Dark Heavenly Saint Meteorite Bull God.”

After they returned, they immediately got their subordinates to investigate the information about Shi Yu’s alternate identity. They were a little concerned about this outsider who had come to Tingxiang.

At the same time, after explaining the cause and effect of hatching the Space Emperor’s pet egg to the Elven Empress, Shi Yu was pulled back to Tingxiang by the Elven Empress.

“It’s very dangerous outside. There will be many situations like that just now. I promised the Dragon God to protect you, so you should stay obediently in Tingxiang.” Sylphra looked at Shi Yu with a headache.

She didn’t expect Shi Yu to run out of Tingxiang and almost fight the heir of the Dark Night Forest and the Dragon Empire.

“Alright, alright.” Shi Yu nodded.

“In addition, you should have seen the Dark Elven Prince and the Flame Dragon King, right? They’re the heirs of the Dark Night Forest and the Dragon Empire. Their status in this faction is comparable to the eldest prince of Dragon Palace City, the Golden Dragon Prince, and their strength won’t be much inferior. Therefore, little guy, you have to be careful during the World Tournament. Don’t show off too much. Such guys won’t be rare in the World Tournament.”

“In fact, it’s not impossible that even a totem might appear.”

The Elven Empress reminded Shi Yu.

In the world competition, the totem countries had an advantage over the seven countries.

Their contestants were mainly transcendent lives, and human Beast Tamers were servants.

The World Tournament only limited the age of human Beast Tamers.

Therefore, there were no strict restrictions on the battle power they could fight.

After all, servants could be changed at will. It was not difficult to nurture a legendary servant under the age of 30 against such a demigod totem faction.

However, the contracts of the seven countries were mainly human.

It was very difficult to directly contract an old top-notch overlord. It was basically a pet cultivated by him, and its strength was restricted.

Of course, it couldn’t be ruled out that some legends of the seven countries would choose to break a contract slot and cooperate with some old guardian overlords in the country to fight in the world competition. However, such old overlords in the seven countries basically had Beast Tamers. It was just that the Beast Tamers were dead, so it was very difficult to accept a new master. This condition was very difficult to achieve, unless the two generations of Beast Tamers were related by blood, or the top-notch overlord was an exclusive mechanical overlord built by the country at a huge cost. There was still a certain possibility.

In addition, the news of the World Tournament came too suddenly. There was only a year of preparation time, so it might not be enough time to train.

However, the seven countries also had a certain advantage. The Beast Tamers of the totem country basically only served one master. They were basically one master and one person. They opened up a special exclusive Beast Taming Space. On the Beast Tamers’ side, most Beast Tamers of the seven countries cultivated a lot of pets. If a battle happened, the number of pets would definitely have an advantage.

“Yes, I saw it. It’s indeed very strong.” Shi Yu nodded.

This kind of top-notch overlord with invincible aptitude had even cultivated high-level deterrence to perfection. Just like when Shi Yu faced the Void Mantis back then, it was not something he could match at his current stage. It was even fiercer than the Void Mantis. On his side, he indeed didn’t seem to have any advantage at the moment.

He could only continue to add points and take it one step at a time.

However, Shi Yu’s expression was solemn.

There would be totems?

Was she serious?

At that time, he would have a certain amount of confidence in an overlord like the Flame Dragon King, but a totem level…

Even if Baby Ginseng self-destructed, it definitely couldn’t be killed so easily in the face of a totem in perfect condition.