Chapter 817 - 817 Target Is Totem (5)

817 Target is Totem (5)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“I feel useless coming back,” Shi Yu said.

Ling: “Master, is it possible that this is also our good luck bonus?”

“You…” Shi Yu fell into deep thought. He felt that he couldn’t take credit for anything in the future. It was too easy for Ling to take credit for itself. No, he had to cut it. This way, he wouldn’t be able to experience his intelligence and talent.

“Lanlan.” After Fang Lan came out, everyone ran towards her, worried about her.

At this moment, Fang Lan also had a look of realization. She felt like a lifetime had passed.

“Dad, Mom, Grandpa Feng, Grandma Li, Senior Shi Yu.” She looked at the crowd surrounding her and immediately knew how much commotion her disappearance had caused.

“Sorry to have made you worry.”

“Little Lan, what happened? Did you encounter any danger?” Principal Feng said.

Fang Lan shook her head and said, “No, no. It’s just… I encountered a remnant array spirit of the ruins.”

She looked at Shi Yu happily and said, “Senior Shi Yu, I understand why I can summon the Space Emperor Ruins.”

“Has Bureau 11’s assessment mission been completed?”

“Yes.” Shi Yu nodded and said, “What’s going on?”

“That array spirit seems to have said that I’m the descendant of Senior Space Emperor. It also woke up because it sensed my bloodline.”

“What!” When Fang Lan finished speaking, Principal Feng was shocked.

Fang Lan’s parents were also shocked and immediately looked at each other.

Their family was the descendant of Dong Huang’s fifth legendary Beast Tamer, the Space Emperor??

“As expected.” Although Shi Yu was also very shocked to receive confirmation, this seemed to be the only explanation why Fang Lan, who knew nothing about archeology back then, could summon the Space Emperor Ruins where the Void Mantis was.

She really had the Space Emperor bloodline.

Grandma Li was rather shocked. “You should be the first descendant of an emperor, right?”

Mechanical legendary and Lin Feng legendary were relatively close to the modern era, so it was not strange for them to leave behind descendants. However, the five legendary emperors were relatively far from now. After experiencing the chaotic totem world, their descendants were definitely the number one target of the totem clans. It was very difficult to pass them down.

Among them, when they learned that Fang Lan had the bloodline of the Space Emperor, everyone was shocked and felt that it was acceptable.

Because the Space Emperor was the latest legendary emperor. Moreover, it was said that the Space Emperor had the most children.

The Space Emperor came from the spatial-type Beast Taming Family, the Wang Family. His family presided over the spatial-type, and a member of that family was a Titled Legend. Even in troubled times, such a powerful family could stand tall, so the Space Emperor could be said to have been born with a golden spoon in his mouth.

It was said that when the Space Emperor was 15 years old and had just become a Beast Tamer, he had his first child with his family’s marriage partner.

In ancient times, marriage was generally earlier, and people were encouraged to have more children in order to strengthen the human race.

According to the records, the Space Emperor had a total of 23 children and was the legendary emperor who could give birth the most. Therefore, it was understandable if he left behind a bloodline.

However, because the level of the Spacetime Emperor was not high, and the talent of the various beauties was not the same, the talent of the heirs of the Space Emperor was not top-notch. Of course, this was also compared to top-notch geniuses. Compared to ordinary Beast Tamers, they were definitely still geniuses. They all had legend’s aptitude.

“Do you know which son of the Space Emperor was your ancestor?” Principal Feng asked.

Fang Lan nodded and said, “That array spirit senior said that it’s the eighth son of the Space Emperor, Wang Mian. He’s my ancestor.”

“This array spirit is also related to Ancestor Wang Mian.”

Wang Mian… Principal Feng and Grandma Lin looked at each other. They knew that because of the Void Mantis, Lu Qingyi had revealed all the assets of the Space Emperor’s children.

The eighth son of the Space Emperor, Wang Mian, finally reached the Legend level. He didn’t inherit the Space Emperor’s spatial talent and inherited his mother’s light-element strengthening talent. He was considered a relatively transparent prince.

“Good daughter.” At this moment, seeing that his daughter was fine, Professor Fang was relieved. He immediately said, “Good daughter, did our ancestor leave any inheritance or anything?”

Principal Feng, Grandma Li, and Shi Yu were silent. It was too real.

That made sense. If they were descendants of legendary emperors, they would definitely covet their ancestor’s inheritance. That was a legendary.

It didn’t make sense without a few Mythical resources.

Fang Lan nodded. “Senior Formation Spirit taught me a set of formations created by the Space Emperor. It’s an army skill.”

She took out a formation map and said, “The cultivation method is recorded in this aspect. It seems to be a light-element skill that’s related to stars.”

Fang Lan showed everyone the blueprint.

It recorded the materials and methods needed to cultivate this kind of “Four Symbols Star Formation”.

With a rough look, Principal Feng and the others confirmed that it was an important lost army formation. Fang Lan had gained a lot this time.

….

After confirming that Fang Lan was fine, Shi Yu felt much more relaxed. Next, when she completed another assessment mission, he could officially let her become a member of Bureau 11.

This girl was really not simple. She was actually the descendant of the Space Emperor. This made Shi Yu sigh. The Space Emperor was a super second-generation heir. It was said that he rarely lost in his life. After becoming a Beast Tamer, he displayed shocking talent and grew quickly under the protection of his titled legend grandfather. Later on, he was even protected by the Dragon God and finally became a legendary expert.

It could be said that in that era, be it other human geniuses or totem clans, they lived under the shadow of the Space Emperor.

Like every legendary emperor, he was the favorite of the era.

At the thought of this, Shi Yu not only looked forward to it, but he also had the urge to meet these legendary emperors.

Ever since the Dragon God asked him to explore the Time Dragon Vein in the future, Shi Yu had this urge.

And now that he had encountered Qi in Tingxiang, Shi Yu’s urge was even stronger. If Qi really mastered Time Travel, would he have a chance to return to ancient times and spar with Emperor Shi, Emperor Wu, Empress, Dragon Emperor, and Space Emperor?

“Haha, it was a false alarm. It’s good that you’re fine. I made you run back. Do you still want to return to Tingxiang next?” After everyone realized that Fang Lan was fine, Principal Feng said to Shi Yu.

As for Shi Yu, he was speechless. Good lord, if he went over again and returned, it wouldn’t be too much.

“Forget it,” Shi Yu said.

In any case, with the relationship between Qi and the Elven Empress, he could go to Tingxiang anytime he wanted in the future. There was no hurry.

“No, I’ll go into seclusion to cultivate.” Shi Yu sighed.

Seeing a totem country world competition contestant like the Dark Elven Prince and the Fire Dragon King, he felt a little pressured. Moreover, according to the Elven Empress, there might even be a mixed-blood legend who contracted a totem above his level.

For the blessings of the World Tree, he had to work harder.

“Alright, by the way, study the array Fang Lan brought back when you’re free. You can send it to your armies to see if it’s useful,” Principal Feng said.

Shi Yu nodded to indicate that he understood. He ignored Tingxiang and Dragon Palace City and directly chose to return to Ping Cheng with Qi in the ruins space, preparing to introduce her to the local customs of Dong Huang.

Right on the heels of that, it was time to enter seclusion to increase points. This time, he planned to increase superalloy to perfection in one go and let Eleven evolve and break through. He was still short of more than 40 points, about a month. However, in addition to the fact that the skills of the other pets had yet to be maxed out, there was not much time left for him. He had to ensure that at the start of the World Tournament, he had the battle power to match the weakest totem and defeat the invincible overlord.