Chapter 812 - 812 Strong Enemy In The World Tournament (4)

812 Strong Enemy in the World Tournament (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The experts inside undoubtedly discovered the abnormality in the sky and saw a purple meteor descending towards the battlefield area.

“Roar!!!”

In a mountain city in the Dragon Empire, a powerful overlord dragon slowly flew up and looked at the sky. It spread its fiery red wings and swept away the flames.

There was something strange, something fishy, and a treasure.

In another Forest City, a tall and handsome dark elf also hid in the darkness after seeing the phenomenon in the sky.

In the protective city of Tingxiang, the legend Beast Tamer, Jesse, frowned.

“I’ll go take a look. You guys pay attention to the changes.” After giving the order to his subordinates, he summoned a golden griffin and soared into the sky.

A treasure from outer space landed on the battlefield!

After discovering this, the three major factions immediately took action.

Although the few countries around Tingxiang had signed a peace agreement during the World Tournament, it was impossible not to fight for the descent of an extraterrestrial treasure.

Soon.

The Flame Dragon King from the Dragon Empire, Punkham, was the first to arrive. However, just as it arrived, its expression changed drastically.

It saw a totem ferocious beast.

It was an incomparably huge black yak, even larger than its Fire Dragon King body. Its entire body emitted an ominous aura of death. It was in the rolling black mist, and its eyes were dark blue flames.

It had sticky black flesh, a mouth dripping with mucus, and short distorted legs. At the end of its legs was a black hoof that could barely be called a “bull” hoof, making it emit a terrifying aura.

Its entire body emitted a faint deterrence!!!

This deterrence was only faintly revealed and not targeted at anyone, but just looking at this Black Meteorite Yak, this Fire Dragon King felt a huge pressure. It felt that the other party’s life level and deterrence level were definitely above its own!

How was that possible!

Flame Dragon King Punkham was shocked. It had mastered transcendent-level deterrence!!

However, although the deterrence level of this monster was only slightly revealed, it gave it a feeling that it was enough to crush it.

This… was probably not a totem-level monster!

The Flame Dragon King, Punkham, suddenly looked at the person on the Black Meteorite Yak. For the time being, he was considered a human.

He was wearing a gray robe, and his beard and hair were gray. His body emitted a twilight aura, and his eyes were sunken.

This person slowly raised his head and looked at the Flame Dragon King, Punkham, “Little guy, what’s the matter?”

“You’re disturbing my master.”

Shi Yu spoke slowly in dragon language and used the Psychic enhancement to enter the heart.

Dragon language!

Seeing that the other party had even mastered the Dragon language, the Flame Dragon King, Punkham, became even more cautious.

This was a dark-element totem. This human was its servant!

How unlucky!

They actually encountered such a monster.

The Fire Dragon King felt extremely unlucky.

It looked like this treasure was not easy to take.

[Damn it, where did this guy come from? Why is he so strong?] At the same time, Shi Yu cursed in his heart.

[Race Name]: Flame Dragon King

[Attributes]: Dragon, Fire

[Race Level]: High-level overlord (Quasi Mythical)

[Level of Growth]: Overlord

Energy Points: 90,130,000

Shi Yu felt that it was a scam. This was probably a dragon with strength comparable to General Whale.

Fortunately, Shi Yu had expected that an overlord would be attracted over in advance. He had Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, and Chi Tong put on makeup for the Black Meteorite Yak Puppet in advance.

At this moment, the Black Meteorite Yak’s puppet looked no different from a real totem life form. This was also the reason why the Flame Dragon King, Punkham, was afraid.

Of course, if they really fought, Shi Yu and the others would probably fall into a bitter battle when facing this guy. It was completely uncertain if they could win.

If Eleven was already at the overlord level, Shi Yu was confident, but now, facing a top-notch overlord…

Even if he could win, the price would be very heavy. If possible, Shi Yu was unwilling to fight.

After all, he wasn’t here to cause trouble.

“Who are you?” In the face of the totem, although the Flame Dragon King, Punkham, was afraid, he wasn’t too afraid.

Shi Yu smiled faintly and ignored him. Instead, he looked into the distance.

At this moment, as a black wind swept over, a dark-skinned white-haired elf with pointed ears also appeared in midair.

He also looked at the Black Meteorite Yak and Shi Yu in silence before looking at the Fire Dragon King.

Obviously, they were all experts attracted by the purple strange water descending from the sky. The speed at which they arrived was faster than Shi Yu imagined!

[Race Name]: Dark Elven King

[Attributes]: Dark

[Race Level]: High-level overlord (Quasi Mythical)

[Level of Growth]: Overlord

Energy Points: 89,110,000

Shi Yu felt that it was indeed a little dangerous overseas.

If he had known earlier, he would have brought the cat. He would have been more confident.

At the same time, what made Shi Yu feel intrigued was that the index of the new Intelligence Bureau he had joined also had new information about the two overlords.

The Fire Dragon King and the Dark Elven Prince were suspected to be the representative overlords of the demigod faction, the Dark Night Forest, and the Dragon Empire, participating in the World Tournament. Their strength was extremely dangerous!!

Apart from that, the two of them each had a legendary hybrid Beast Tamer as a contracted servant. Because their bloodlines were the same and they specialized in contracts, they could provide a powerful battle power increase.

In the Intelligence Bureau index, it reminded them to be extremely careful of these two overlords. At the same time, they had to obtain more information about them when the conditions allowed.

“Ridiculous,” Shi Yu thought to himself. He hoped that these two guys wouldn’t be ungrateful and obediently leave the purple strange water to him. He hoped they didn’t cause trouble. Otherwise, even if he couldn’t deal with them now, they would have a good time during the World Tournament!