Chapter 818 - 818 Evolution Of God Eleven

818 Evolution of God Eleven

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Hmph, hmph, hmph~

After returning from Kong Capital, Shi Yu returned to Ping Cheng happily.

He no longer wanted to go all the way to Tingxiang.

Running back and forth made it easy to get carsick.

Before returning, Shi Yu had brought Qi along. He had expected that he couldn’t be bothered to go back.

At this moment, Qi was in the ruins.

Shi Yu threw her in early in the morning and let her get to know the other members of the team first.

However, when Shi Yu took the time to look at the ruins, he saw that Qi’s face was a little pale.

At this moment, the 1.2-meter-tall Qi hugged the Time Umbrella and was extremely nervous.

Who knew what she saw after entering?

She saw the nine suns and a black and white bear “warming up” in the sun.

Even from afar, the hot temperature instantly made Qi feel that her body was about to melt.

She also saw a butterfly welcoming the lightning with its body and constantly bathing under the terrifying white lightning.

The lightning tore through the ground with just a trace.

She even saw a ginseng baby sitting cross-legged in the snowstorm, meditating and concentrating.

The violent snowstorm seemed to have frozen time, and the trace of cold air it revealed froze her thoughts.

Qi panicked.

She understood what Shi Yu meant by “it will be very bitter to cultivate with me”.

“What do you think?” Shi Yu arrived at the ruins and asked for Qi’s opinion.

Qi’s face was pale.

She felt that he probably wouldn’t last a day under this training.

However…

At the thought that Shi Yu’s pets could persist, she… she definitely could too.

“I believe I can,” Qi said with a serious expression.

“I can definitely do it,” she encouraged herself.

Shi Yu was surprised. “You’re so confident? I originally wanted you to start from the foundation, but since you’re so confident, I’m relieved. Let’s directly undergo willpower training.”

Qi: ???

Her cherry blossom-like eyes were filled with confusion.

“Ling, help Qi formulate three meals a day, daily routine, and training plans.”

“Yes, Master.” The green and white Rubik’s Cube condensed in midair and appeared beside Shi Yu.

The white-haired loli inside looked at the pink-haired loli in front of her and said, “Qi, right? From today onwards, I’m your instructor.”

“Just call me Ling.”

“Yes… Teacher Ling.” Qi felt that she had to finish her boast even if she cried.

“Let Qi train with Little Ji and Duckie first,” Shi Yu said.

“Little Ji, Duckie?” Qi revealed a confused expression.

“My second team pets.”

Shi Yu smiled and said, “Now, our big family is divided into teams one and two.”

“Among them, the members of the first team include Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong, Susu, and Ling.”

“Their strength is uniformly at the monarch level. However, no matter who it is, they have the strength to defeat overlords above their level.”

“Oh right, those equipment of yours were made by the six of them. For example, the huge sword is the power crystal of Eleven’s hardening skill and the Lightning Rod skill. For example, the bow and arrow are the power crystals of Baby Ginseng and Ling…”

“The dozen or so pieces of equipment are all toys created by them through their skills. The artifact spirit among them is also Buggy’s phantom ability.”

Qi opened his mouth slightly. Toy?

“That’s right, it’s a toy. At the moment, the strength of Team One is like this. Even if they don’t attack themselves, they can be invincible among monarchs with their clones.”

Qi: ∑(っ°Д°;)っwhat!!

Her first thought was that it was ridiculous, but she suddenly recalled what Big Sister Annie said in the exchange competition.

Shi Yu’s Iron-eating Beast… Monarch-level Iron-eating Beast… easily crossed one level and shattered her.

Therefore, this might all be true…

Not only was the monster that Iron-eating Beast, but everyone else in the first team?!

“I’m currently a level-six Beast Tamer. I only have six contract slots. At the moment, I have a contract with all the members of the first team.”

“As for the members of the second team, an ancient Tyrant Dragon, mechanical phantom beast of middle-level overlord race, and Duckie, an abyss half-god reincarnation. They are transcendent races that have the will of overlords and can easily break through to the overlord level in the future.”

Qi was stunned again.

Mechanical phantom beast.

As she had been chosen by Shi Yu, she naturally learned about Shi Yu’s achievements from Master Ge Lin and the others.

A mechanical phantom beast that had fused the power of the overlord race, the Earth Dragon, and the ancient overlord race, the Tyrant Dragon?

Could mechanical phantom beasts still fuse two biological illusions?

Just the dragon race was powerful enough. The Dragon Empire was still the great enemy of Tingxiang, and the ancient Tyrant Dragon was said to be the ruler of the land during a certain period of the totem era… The combination of the two powers was unbelievable.

Apart from that, a demigod… reincarnated?

Qi was at a loss again. Was it really demigod level? The demigod whose strength matched that of the Elven Empress…

“Little Ji and Duckie are both commander rank at the moment. Their potential is not bad, but their strength isn’t enough to enter the first team. They can only be the second team. Next, train with them.”

Qi: (*+_+*) ~ Team Two, Team Two?

“Yes, next, you can be considered a member of my second team. You have to wait for me to break through. However, you can’t casually contract with me after breaking through.”

“It depends on the competition spots for the second team.”

“I can still fuse more phantom beast power next. Duckie was a demigod-level expert in its previous life and is currently trying to control the power of its previous life. They all want to enter the first team, so you have to work hard.”

“Compared to them, you have a huge advantage, which is that you still have a legendary resource. After the first team slots are opened, you can try to challenge the members of the first team to advance.”