Chapter 813 - 813 Target: Totem

813 Target: Totem

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Looks like I came at the wrong time.”

After the Fire Dragon King and the Dark Elven Prince, the legend of Tingxiang also rode his griffin to descend here.

He looked at the scene solemnly.

The mysterious totem Beast Tamer, the enemy top-notch overlord of the Dark Night Forest and the Dragon Empire!

It looked like the purple starlight in the sky had attracted a lot of commotion.

“Another one,” Shi Yu muttered in his heart.

< Name > Golden God Gryphon

[Attributes]: Metal, Wind

[Race Level]: Mid-level overlord

[Level of Growth]: Overlord

Energy Points: 79,110,000

This legend from Tingxiang should be a general guarding the border of Tingxiang. His strength looked pretty extraordinary.

Although the pet attributes didn’t seem to be comparable to the Flame Dragon King and the Dark Elven Prince, if the Beast Taming Talent and the support of other pets were included, they weren’t necessarily much weaker.

It was one of the few legends Shi Yu had seen with strength. It was much stronger than Aunt Hua’s 50 million butterflies.

It was so annoying.

“You guys…” Shi Yu’s voice in the form of Old Demon Lin became deeper and deeper.” Don’t tell me you’re here for that thing in the sky. ”

“When a treasure descends, the capable should take it.” The dark elven prince smiled warmly and sized up the Fire Dragon King, Shi Yu, and the general of Tingxiang in an unfriendly manner.

He was naturally familiar with the Fire Dragon King and General Tingxiang. He felt that they were very difficult to deal with.

As for this mysterious totem Beast Tamer, he made the dark elf prince the most afraid. He was a dark-element Beast Tamer, so he could clearly feel the deepness of the terrifying dark power on the Black Meteorite Yak.

However, even if the opponent was a totem, if the resources that descended were very precious and reached the legendary level, he would still try to fight for it.

Although he might not be a match for the totem, he also believed that he wouldn’t be defeated easily.

“Nicholas, do you want to snatch the treasure from me?” The Flame Dragon King, Punkham, looked at the Dark Elven Prince and said.

“Lizard, don’t be too arrogant.”

Boom!

The deterrence of the Dark Elven Prince and the Fire Dragon King erupted with a bang, instantly tearing apart the sky. Red and black deterrence waves collided.

Crack!!!

The powerful deterrence even affected Shi Yu and the others.

Shi Yu was expressionless. They were all transcendent-level deterrence fluctuations… The strongest overlords of these large factions were really troublesome, and they didn’t have any respect for the totem level…

From the looks of it, they were going to snatch it from him?

“These guys are really crazy.” Tingxiang’s general fell silent.

They actually wanted to snatch something from the totem.

Just as well.

The reason why Tingxiang was the weakest of the seven countries and could still be passed down despite being threatened by the Dark Night Forest and the Dragon Empire was firstly because the Elven Empress was strong enough. Secondly, Tingxiang was in the Seven Nation Alliance and was protected by the alliance. Thirdly, the Dark Night Forest and the Dragon Empire were not allies, and their relationship was not very good.

It could be said that if the totem factions in the world were united, then the humans had nothing to do.

In nature, the conflict between some races was even greater than the conflict between them and humans.

They all wanted to eat their lives. The ginseng baby race didn’t think that other races were any cuter than humans. This kind of check and balance was one of the important reasons why humans could rise.

“Coming.” Suddenly, the dark elven prince and the Flame Dragon King stopped facing each other and looked at the sky.

The purple water ball descended faster and faster, already descending ten thousand meters into the sky.

The Dark Elven Prince and the Fire Dragon King focused their attention and strength, preparing to snatch it. At the same time, they were secretly wary of the mysterious totem Beast Tamer.

But in the next moment, they were stunned.

Because as the purple strange water ball approached, the energy fluctuations on its body were clearer.

Although its power was not small, its energy level was only level eight.

It was not a legendary resource.

For a moment, Nicholas and Punkham hesitated, wondering if they should fight over a level-eight resource.

After an intense battle, the consumption and damage caused might not be something a level-eight resource could make up for.

Just as they hesitated, the gray-robed Shi Yu snorted. The air began to hum and vibrate. Almost corporeal spiritual power formed a blue outline around Shi Yu.

After entering the Psychic state that increased with Buggy, his mental strength level immediately reached the level of a top-notch overlord, not much inferior to the Dark Elven Prince and the Fire Dragon King. He opened his blue eyes and looked at the sky.

A powerful Psychic wave bloomed from his body and shot into the sky to grab the strange water.

“On account of your elders, I forgive your rudeness, but I want to see who wants to snatch it from me,” Shi Yu said coldly. Level-eight resource!

Damn it, it wasn’t at the legendary level. However, even if it was only a level-eight resource, Shi Yu definitely couldn’t let others snatch it away.

Was it easy for him?

No, forget about level-eight, even level-one resources couldn’t be snatched away from him! It was his!

Moreover, this resource came from outer space. Although its energy level was only level eight, the quality of the resource might have reached a higher level. He couldn’t give up. It might be a key resource to hatch the Starry Sky Egg.

Boom!

The Psychic power that shot into the sky stunned the general of Tingxiang, the Prince of Dark Elves, and the Fire Dragon King for a moment. Their pupils constricted together as they looked at the gray-robed old man on the Black Meteorite Yak in disbelief.