Chapter 810 - 810 Strong Enemy In The World Tournament (2)

810 Strong Enemy in the World Tournament (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Isn’t Dr. Shi Yu around?”

He looked around and said,

“Compared to challenging a dragon-element overlord, I still want to challenge Dr. Shi Yu.”

After all, Shi Yu was the number one person below the legends of Dong Huang, and he was the number one person below the legends of the new generation in Tingxiang… They were both number one people. They could spar.

“Qi, how’s Dr. Shi Yu’s strength compared to mine?”

A legendary mixed-blood male elf said. As the strongest contestant in this year’s Tingxiang World Tournament, he was also very curious about Shi Yu’s strength.

As for Qi, she might be the person who understood Shi Yu the most at the moment.

In his opinion, the value of Shi Yu, the number one person below the legend level, was definitely stronger than the idiot beside him. One was the number one person below the legend level of the new generation, and the other was the number one person below the legend level of the entire Dong Huang. How could they compare?

In his opinion, even if Shi Yu was not a legend, he was not necessarily weaker than a real legend.

“Very strong,” Qi said. In fact, she didn’t know much about Shi Yu’s strength.

Although Shi Yu had taken out such a weapon and equipment, Qi had never come into contact with Shi Yu’s strength.

However, Qi believed that Shi Yu was the most powerful. Even if he wasn’t now, she wouldn’t disappoint Shi Yu. When she unearthed her potential, she had to be able to help Shi Yu.

“Very strong.”

When the mixed-blood male elf heard this abstract answer, he smiled and shook his head.

“Rogue, I think it’s better if you don’t participate in the world competition.”

“Qi is right.”

At this moment, when she heard this group of people ask about Shi Yu’s strength, Annie seemed to have thought of herself yesterday.

“Annie, what do you mean? You seem to know something,” Rogue said.

“I just feel that with your strength, you’ll be in danger in the World Tournament.” Annie curled her lips and said, “I fought Dr. Shi Yu yesterday. I’m completely not his match.”

“What?” Annie’s words immediately attracted the attention of the five world competition contestants. They looked at Annie uniformly.

Annie, an overlord-level Fire Elf. In terms of strength, she wasn’t weaker than Rogue in his single pet state. She was the commander of the royal archer regiment in Tingxiang and had extraordinary strength.

She had fought Shi Yu?

“Sister Annie, you’ve fought Lord Shi Yu before?” Qi immediately looked at Annie beside him. She had just learned of this.

“Yeah, Lil, Luo Yi, and the others were all present at that time.” Annie nodded.

At the side, Lil and the others had complicated expressions. That battle…

“At that time, Dr. Shi Yu only sent out a monarch-level pet and didn’t go all out. He easily defeated me above his level.”

Annie looked at Rogue and the others mockingly and said,

“I feel that his full strength isn’t necessarily weaker than that Dark Elven Prince or that Flame Dragon King.”

The Dark Elven Prince and the Fire Dragon King were known participants of the World Tournament in the Dark Night Forest and the Dragon Empire. They were both top-notch overlords with the bearing of invincible overlords.

“Looks like our Tingxiang’s generation is really not very good.”

“You guys should wash up and sleep,” Annie said heartlessly.

At this moment, the few contestants of the World Tournament had stunned expressions. They couldn’t believe what Annie was saying. Shi Yu… only sent a monarch-level pet to defeat Annie, who had extraordinary natural attainments?!

How was that possible?

At the side, Qi was slightly stunned. She felt that Big Sister Annie didn’t seem to be lying. Was Shi Yu so powerful?

“You’re not kidding, right, Annie?” Rogue’s expression froze.

That Dr. Shi Yu defeated the overlord sprite of Tingxiang with a single pet? Was he sure it was a single pet and not all of them attacking together?

….

At the border of Tingxiang.

Shi Yu had already arrived according to the guidance of the map. Although the location of the map was on Tingxiang, Shi Yu realized that to be precise, its geographical location was on a battlefield.

A battlefield where the three major factions of the Dragon Empire converged in the Dark Night Forest, Tingxiang, and Ancient Nation.

This was no longer the territory of Tingxiang, but a land without an owner, a buffer zone for three countries.

It could be said that it was a relatively dangerous place, but after thinking about it, Shi Yu still came over himself.

It was just the time to hatch an egg.

However, after arriving, what made Shi Yu’s balls hurt was that he didn’t find the so-called Starry Sky Altar after searching around!

As he lingered in midair, Shi Yu’s heart could be said to be cold and extremely complicated!

The thing he was most worried about had indeed happened.

The Starry Sky Altar was not an indestructible thing. It was established hundreds of years ago by the Space Emperor.

Too many things have happened in the past few hundred years. In addition, this place had become a battlefield. The Starry Sky Altar had probably been destroyed in the war.

“F*ck!!!” In mid-air, Shi Yu cursed. He even wanted to destroy the Dark Night Forest and the Dragon Empire.

Why did the three of them have to fight here!

It was over.

The ruins were gone.

How could it hatch next?

He would die before he could succeed.

The egg would turn cold before hatching.

“Ling, Ling.” Shi Yu immediately asked the omnipotent Ling for help.

Ling: “…”

“To be precise, the hatching of the Starry Sky Egg only requires nutrients from the starry sky, right?”

“Since the Star Prayer Formation built by the Space Emperor can attract nutrients, can we absorb it with Susu’s Star Sea skill?”

“At the moment, the most important thing is that the nutritional starlight absorbed by the Starry Sky Egg the first two times is not the same type. The starlight summoned by this geographical location is definitely not the same type. Moreover, what Susu summoned is definitely water resources. The difference from the form of light resources is huge. Can you figure out what the Starry Sky Egg needs? When the time comes, can you change the light water?”