Chapter 811 - 811 Strong Enemy In The World Tournament (3)

811 Strong Enemy in the World Tournament (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Ling: “…I’ve preserved the data of the previous two light resources. As long as there are enough water resources summoned, I can try to study them.”

“That’s good. It’s all up to you!!” Shi Yu’s eyes were filled with tears. Fortunately, he had Susu and Ling. Otherwise, if the Starry Sky Egg couldn’t hatch halfway, he would have to shut himself down.

Since he could do it, Shi Yu was relieved. He immediately summoned Susu and Ling and got Susu and Ling to load it together.

“Ning!” Susu, who was in the form of a Water Slime, wore mechanical glasses and an antenna mechanical hat and looked up at the sky.

The goal of doing this was firstly to let Susu benefit from Ling’s luck enhancement and summon the water resources needed at once. Secondly, it could help increase Susu’s strength and summon an even larger number of water resources.

Previously, absorbing all the resources required more than a day for the Space Beast Egg. The nutritional content it needed to completely hatch was probably not a small number.

“Let’s begin.”

Shi Yu took a deep breath and summoned Buggy again. He used the Imagination Domain to change the weather of the barren mountain here, covering the traces of them summoning the sea of stars. Then, he began to move.

This summoning… lasted for half a day. Shi Yu and the others summoned a lot of water resources. They were basically all level 5. When it was dark, it was only level 4.

Most of these resources didn’t have high energy levels. They probably wouldn’t be good either, because there were repetitions.

Could something that appeared repeatedly when drawing something be good?

After half a day, Shi Yu felt that he had suffered a huge loss. After all, Susu and Ling had even tried the Time Fruit just now, but they had only summoned level-5 resources. If not for the fact that Susu had unlimited energy, they would have suffered a huge loss.

Selling the Time Fruit directly was better than this.

“It’s better than nothing. Perhaps it’s these ordinary resources. After Ling studies them, they’re the nutrients the Space Egg needs.”

With this mentality, Shi Yu continued to develop telepathy at the side. It didn’t delay his cultivation. Time was money.

Just like that… a day later.

The exchange competition had been going on for a day. On his side, there were still level 3 to 6 resources. He didn’t like to sell them much. The most annoying time was when he only pulled down level 3 resources. Of course, the most impressive battle result also pulled down a level-six mutant water blob.

However, it was still lacking.

It made Shi Yu wonder if Ling’s good luck bonus was really effective.

Forget it. As the Starry Sky Altar was gone, he didn’t know when he would come to Tingxiang next. Shi Yu planned to summon it here for three days.

He summoned more strange water for Susu to study.

In the capital of Tingxiang, after a day, the overlord of Dragon Palace City and the contestants of Tingxiang had basically communicated.

In the end, there was no doubt that apart from the two Legendary-level masters in Tingxiang, the other three top-notch masters, even the number one person below the legend level of the new generation in Tingxiang, were beaten up by the overlord of Dragon Palace City.

Although top-notch masters had the strength to fight against overlords, it still depended on what overlord it was.

Among them, the two legends of Tingxiang fought alone with overlord pets. They were about evenly matched with the ordinary overlords of Dragon Palace City. Among them, Legend Roke challenged the Sky Penetrating Whale General, but even if seven pets attacked together, they were not its match.

Shi Yu had already known all of this through the Cube clone Ling had left at the exchange venue. In short, the exchange competition was relatively smooth, but Shi Yu’s side was not very smooth.

The next day, Shi Yu did not even see a level-six resource.

Although the nutrients they needed had little to do with the level of the resources, there were no surprises after two days. It was inevitable that Shi Yu would sigh. If he wanted to pull down resources above level seven, he would probably have to wait for Susu to reach the totem level.

“I’m willing to sacrifice Yun An’s 100 years of lifespan in exchange for a golden legend!” Shi Yu said casually to the sky after developing telepathy for two days.

At the side, Susu and Ling curled their lips. This was not sincere at all.

Huh?

However, a few seconds after Shi Yu finished speaking, Susu’s expression suddenly froze. Ling, who was beside him, was also slightly stunned. They looked at the sky.

A purple light spot appeared in the deep sky like a star.

“What a strong energy wave…” Shi Yu was delighted when he observed the strange water through the contract with Susu and Ling.

Although he didn’t know if it had reached the level of a legendary resource, there should definitely be a level-eight resource.

“Susu, Ling, I wronged you guys. You guys are good.”

“Ning!!” Susu straightened its back.

It also felt that it hadn’t been easy.

Although it felt that this might be thanks to Ling’s Wind Blessing.

But soon, as the purple light in the sky became stronger and stronger, Shi Yu’s expression was slightly strange. He had an ominous feeling.

Ling’s expression was not very happy from the beginning to the end. It was very calm…

“Master, there won’t be good luck in the world for no reason.”

“The commotion of this strange water descending is gradually expanding. It’s even more dazzling than the water resources summoned just now.”

“It’s like a dazzling comet falling from the starry sky, as if it’s afraid that others don’t know that a rare treasure has descended and keeps scratching its head,” Ling said.

“Buggy’s Imagination Domain can’t cover its light at all.”

Shi Yu’s expression darkened. He felt that this was a scam.

He raised his head slightly and sighed. He only hoped that this unlucky water ball would land quickly… It was so slow…

….

Although he didn’t sense anything further away, in the nearest city of the three major factions on the battlefield of the three countries, something stirred.