Chapter 816 - 816 Target: Totem (4)

816 Target: Totem (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

No, he had to strictly ask Eleven and the others.

Before the world competition, everyone had to have totem battle power!

“Next, you can move around in Tingxiang.” Lu Qingyi cracking the ruins had brought considerable gains to Tingxiang. The Elven Empress felt that Shi Yu shouldn’t be bad either.

“Alright,” Shi Yu had just replied when his expression changed slightly.

Some information appeared in front of him.

From the tenth bureau index.

He had already joined the Intelligence Bureau. The index of the tenth bureau could actually share a lot of important information. Apart from that, the index of the tenth bureau had been specially modified and had a very powerful function.

It was that he could ignore some restrictions and communicate. For example, using a normal cell phone, he couldn’t communicate with the people in Dong Huang in Tingxiang at all, but through the tenth index, he could.

At this moment, in the country, a message was sent to him through the tenth index.

Fang Lan had disappeared and was suspected to have been sucked into a special ruin. At the moment, the ruin couldn’t be cracked, and the risks inside were unknown.

Fang Lan, the trainee member of Bureau 11 who summoned the Space Emperor Ruins.

Obviously, something had happened to her. As Fang Lan’s guide in the bureau, Shi Yu definitely had to receive the news first.

“What’s wrong?” Seeing Shi Yu’s expression change, the Elven Empress said.

“Your Majesty, something happened in Dong Huang. The situation of a junior from Bureau 11 falling into the ruins and we don’t know her situation. She’s only a Beast Tamer intern. She might be in danger. I have to rush back immediately to take a look.”

At this moment, he couldn’t care less about strolling around the Tingxiang ruins. The safety of the members of Bureau 11 was definitely more important.

The Elven Empress didn’t say anything. She only nodded and said, “Then you deal with it.”

Since Shi Yu had already chosen a sprite, the Elven Empress felt that it didn’t matter if the ruins were cracked or not. In any case, with Qi’s relationship, Shi Yu would come to Tingxiang often in the future. There was no hurry.

“Yes.” Shi Yu nodded and immediately prepared to return to the country.

At this moment, the Dragon Palace exchange had yet to end. It could be said that it was still early. Apart from the battle, the overlords of the Dragon Palace naturally had to travel around Tingxiang. Shi Yu definitely couldn’t wait.

Unfortunately, he couldn’t contact Senior Lu and the gem cat at this moment. Shi Yu could only drag Qi away. After informing Ice Dragon, he returned to the country.

…

Dong Huang, Space Capital.

This was the second time Fang Lan had come into contact with ruins.

However, this time, it was a little sudden.

At this moment, Fang Lan’s parents were extremely anxious.

If Fang Lan’s strength could already take charge, they wouldn’t be so anxious. However, Fang Lan was only a high school student and had just become a Beast Tamer. Her pet was only at the Awakening level. With this strength, she couldn’t resist at all when she encountered danger.

Because of this, Principal Feng also came to the place where Fang Lan disappeared. He also called the other members of Bureau 11 to try to communicate with the ruins and crack them.

Just like when Shi Yu disappeared in the ruins of Emperor Wu, these archeological big shots mobilized.

Unfortunately, no matter who it was, they couldn’t find Fang Lan, who had been missing for several days.

Helpless, Principal Feng could only ask Bureau 10 to contact Shi Yu to see if he and Lu Qingyi had any ideas.

There weren’t many members of Bureau 11 to begin with, so Fang Lan, a future member, couldn’t have something happen to her during the internship stage.

“How’s the situation?”

Shi Yu returned to Dong Huang very quickly. After he arrived, he immediately contacted Principal Feng.

“You’re back, Shi Yu.”

“Do you remember Fang Lan’s two entry missions?”

Shi Yu nodded and said, “One is to complete all the mechanical and archeological knowledge from high school to university in two years.”

“One is to investigate why she can hear the voice of the Space Emperor Ruins and whether she has anything to do with the Space Emperor.”

“Yes.” Principal Feng nodded and said, “This girl disappeared here when she was investigating more information about the Space Emperor.”

“There was originally an ancient battlefield ruin here. It was a protected area. I originally thought that it was just an ordinary ruin, just like the iron-eating beast ruin in the Ancient Capital, but who knew that there was also a ruin here that was summoned by Fang Lan, who came to investigate.”

“Then, she was sucked in, and the current situation is still unknown.”

“There’s no entrance to the ruins?”

“No, the ruins are currently in a completely closed state. The level of the ruins isn’t low. It should be a high-level ruin,” Principal Feng said.

“I’ll try to find it.”

Shi Yu nodded. At this moment, he was the core of Bureau 11.

At the moment, Shi Yu, who had mastered the full-level Psychic power and could connect to Buggy’s mind and transform into a human overlord, was incomparable to the ordinary legends in Bureau 11, be it the development of telepathy or his affinity for the ruins space and mystic realm space.

It was because of this that Principal Feng quickly called Shi Yu back after they couldn’t resolve it.

“Ling.” At this moment, only the Dragon God, the Elven Empress, and the others knew that Ling had successfully evolved into a Mythical race. At that moment, when he encountered such a thing, Shi Yu decisively summoned Ling, planning to let it possess him and increase his luck.

However, before Shi Yu could plan to fight, a spatial ripple suddenly appeared in the sky.

In the outside world, Principal Feng, Shi Yu, Grandma Li, and the others were stunned. In the camp, Professor Fang and his wife were also stunned.

Right on the heels of that, everyone saw light and shadow materialize. Fang Lan and her mechanical Tyrant Dragon came out of the ruins.

Shi Yu : “…”