Chapter 814 - 814 Target: Totem (2)

814 Target: Totem (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Because they could clearly sense that this power wave erupted from this old man.

A mental wave at the level of a top-notch overlord.

Who was the other party?

“A hybrid?” The dark elven prince’s heart trembled. After all, even his legendary hybrid servant didn’t have such a terrifying mental wave. It wasn’t even one-tenth of Shi Yu’s.

“Who exactly is this guy?”

The Fire Dragon King didn’t attack either. It was similarly shocked by the changes in Shi Yu’s body. This was the use of the max-level Psychic skill, Psychic Link. It was very rare. What was rare was that both parties had to be connected and master the max-level Psychic power.

Perhaps for top-notch totem creatures, mastering this Psychic skill was not difficult, but for humans, even hybrid humans, it was too difficult.

Shi Yu’s move was peerless in the world, shocking the two top-notch overlords present again. At the same time, the deterrence on the Black Meteorite Yak seemed to have become stronger. Its indifferent ghost fire eyes revealed the concept of death as they landed on the Dark Elven Prince and the Fire Dragon King.

Boom!

Although it was very weak and didn’t affect them much, a deterrence skill that directly hit the bloodline in their hearts made them even more serious. This max-level deterrence skill was undoubtedly very brilliant, letting the Dark Elven Prince and the Fire Dragon King know that this was a warning to them.

[We can’t be enemies with it.] In an instant, the dark elven prince and the fire dragon made a judgment.

Making an enemy of a totem and his mixed-blood Beast Tamer servant for a level-eight resource was not a wise choice, especially at a critical moment like the World Tournament, even if they weren’t afraid.

General Tingxiang naturally didn’t attack either. He supervised the dark elven prince and the fire dragon the whole time. In the end, Shi Yu’s Psychic power locked onto the purple strange water ball and wrapped it up before putting it back into the ruins space!

Unknown resource!

But it contained strong star power.

He should know the effect after letting Ling study it later.

The other strange water balls summoned were also in this step.

Seeing that the strange water had been completely taken away by Shi Yu, the three parties were in a stalemate.

“In that case, I’ll give this totem senior some face.” The dark elf prince was the first to smile and give up fighting. At the same time, he said, “Senior, you look unfamiliar. You shouldn’t be an expert from the Tingxiang Continent, right? You’re a guest. Do you want to come to our Dark Night Forest to sit?”

After giving up the competition, the dark elven prince wanted to rope in the mysterious Black Meteorite Totem and Shi Yu.

“What’s there for you to go to the Dark Night Forest? Come to our Dragon Empire.” The Fire Dragon King spat out a mouthful of flames. Clearly, it had also given up fighting. It wasn’t worth offending the totem for a level-eight strange water that it definitely didn’t need.

Throughout the whole process, General Tingxiang didn’t dare to interrupt, because he knew that the gray-robed old man who recognized totems as the master was definitely not on the same team as the Seven Nation Alliance.

At this moment, Shi Yu had a strange expression. Alright, these guys sure know how to follow the wind.

Seeing that it was only a level-eight resource, it immediately didn’t want to snatch it anymore.

Shi Yu heaved a sigh of relief. He didn’t want to fight them either.

The other party’s race level, growth level, and skill proficiency were not inferior to Eleven and the others. Even if he could obtain the help of General Tingxiang, it would be a battle where both parties would suffer. He didn’t want to fight.

He would talk about it when he returned in two months.

“Sure, this is my master, the Great Dark Heavenly Saint Meteorite Bull God. We came to Tingxiang this time with the intention of visiting the two races,” Shi Yu said. “I’ll naturally visit later.”

Upon hearing that, the expression of General Tingxiang beside him changed drastically. Shi Yu was silent. He felt that this alternate identity was becoming more and more like a villain.

Unfortunately, he was too weak. Otherwise, he really wanted to go to the Dark Night Forest and the Dragon Empire as a guest.

“I say…” At this moment, seeing the change in the situation, the general of Tingxiang also spoke.

His expression was unfriendly as he said, “This area has been Tingxiang’s territory since ancient times. Aren’t you too disrespectful to Tingxiang by being so presumptuous in Tingxiang’s territory?”

He spoke domineeringly, and the deterrence of the Golden Divine Griffin under him finally revealed itself, attracting the disdainful gazes of the Dark Elven Prince and the Flame Dragon King.

This battlefield was indeed the territory of Tingxiang, but now…

Just as they were about to counterattack, their expressions suddenly changed. They looked into the distance and turned to leave.

Shi Yu was stunned on the spot.

A moment later, a high and mighty creature with long green hair that looked like a goddess descended. She looked at the gray-robed old man on the battlefield and frowned.

“Your Majesty!” General Tingxiang was delighted to see the Elven Empress descend. The reason why he was so arrogant just now was because he knew that reinforcements had arrived.

In other countries, legendary-level experts rarely appeared and were all cultivating bitterly. However, because Tingxiang was the weakest country and was surrounded on all sides, the Elven Empress had no choice but to appear stronger. Even if there was the slightest movement, she would appear and let the enemy feel threatened.

Although she rarely attacked, it was indeed useful and had a deterring effect.

At this moment, a rare treasure and a mysterious totem Beast Tamer had appeared in the battle area of the three countries. The general of Tingxiang naturally reported it immediately, but he didn’t expect Her Majesty to personally come to the scene.

Although the various countries were currently in the midst of a peace agreement, and the Dark Elven Prince and the Flame Dragon King wouldn’t be killed by the demigods of Tingxiang, they were clearly still unwilling to face this Elven Empress directly and left immediately.

“I didn’t expect that the heirs of the Dark Night Forest and the Dragon Empire would actually be deceived by this pretense.”