Chapter 826 - 826 Undersea Prison

826 Undersea Prison

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

At this moment, almost the entire team was circling Eleven after breaking through.

All of them were looking forward to it.

It was mainly because Eleven was too strong after breaking through.

They were too envious.

They hoped that he could be like this in the future!

Normal monarchs used one method to break through to overlord.

Eleven, on the other hand, broke through with super skills, legendary resources, and the overlord’s will.

In addition to its powerful racial foundation, it could be said to be strong after breaking through to overlord.

At this moment, Eleven was actually not invincible. It could only be said to be a top-notch overlord among top-notch overlords.

What really gave it invincibility was another level-nine legendary resource and ten legendary level-eight meteorite fragments.

Using these things to cooperate with transcendent-level superalloy evolution, it was invincible.

Ordinary totems didn’t use as many resources as it did in their lifetime.

Eleven and Shi Yu should be able to resist the weaker totems with all their might.

At this moment, Shi Yu finally stepped into the top battle power domain of Blue Planet in the true sense of the word.

At the moment, Eleven only had two forms.

An ordinary restrained and shrunken panda cub form.

The other form, the Mythical form, was the giant panda form that looked like a chaotic lightning sea after evolution.

Among them, the quasi-divine skill Yin Yang Millstone and the super skill Inner Power could only be used in that form.

It could be imagined that if the normal state could reach nearly 100 million…. As long as enough natural lightning was stored in the body in advance, including the eruption of sharpness, it shouldn’t be a problem for the energy to exceed 100 million.

In addition to quasi-divine skills, normal totems might not necessarily be able to withstand it.

However, unlike Ling, Eleven’s Mythical form consumed more energy than Ling’s Mythical form.

At the same time, similar to Ling, its quasi-divine skill was also very difficult to control. It needed Shi Yu’s support to use it.

Or rather, Eleven couldn’t master the entire Mythical form very well.

This suddenly made Shi Yu understand why only totem-level demigods could master quasi-divine skills.

Perhaps the divine beast cubs of the Mythical race might indeed master quasi-divine skills, but it was not easy to control them alone. After all, it involved the power of the natural order.

Thinking about it this way, Ling was right. They needed to enter the Mythical Kirin form through Mythical Revival. If they wanted to perfectly control the power of a god, they indeed had a long way to go.

“Practice more.”

“Try to adapt to the Mythical form as soon as possible.”

“Wuu!!!” Eleven nodded excitedly.

Generally speaking, for pets that had just evolved, it was indeed not easy to master new forms.

Not to mention the super form of a Mythical race. Eleven probably had a long time it needed to adapt.

Eleven felt that it had only completed half of the evolution.

Only when it really adapted to the Mythical form could it be considered a complete divine evolution.

At that time, even without Shi Yu’s support, it should be able to master quasi-divine skills on its own.

At that time, it would also be the so-called ” demigod-level battle power”.

“What a pity.” Everyone surrounded Eleven. Then, Shi Yu felt that it was a pity.

Because of this evolution, Eleven’s armor was completely disintegrated by the Yin Yang Millstone.

Its two armor forms, the Nine Li Armor and the Demon God Armor, were directly gone.

This made Shi Yu a little confused. If he found the corresponding inscription metal again, could it still carve inscription skills?

However, this pity only lasted for a while before Shi Yu and the others heaved a sigh of relief.

Through the regression effect of the Time Fruit, Eleven could still return to the form of the Nine Li and the form of the Demon God Armor. In that case, the problem was not big.

However, these two forms no longer had much meaning compared to Eleven’s current Mythical form. Changing back was equivalent to weakening.

With quasi-divine skills, those super skills were not especially attractive to Shi Yu. In that case, he would leave it to fate. At the moment, the most important thing for Shi Yu was to choose which opponent he wanted…

“In the era of Emperor Wu and the others, the Iron-eating Beast that evolved with the meteorite metal was called the Demon God Iron-eating Beast.”

“Then what should your racial name in the form of a Mythical race be called?” Shi Yu touched his chin.

“Wuu…” Eleven turned around casually. Beast Tamer, whatever.

It was happy today. No matter how ugly the name was, it could accept it.

“Wu…”

In the end, Shi Yu gave Eleven’s new race the name [Chaos Panda] and directly abandoned the Iron-eating Beast.

As for Eleven, it was as if it had encountered a bolt from the blue. ‘Bear Cat’? It didn’t understand why a bear like it had become a cat.

“Wuu!!” Eleven was furious.

Then after Teacher Ying evolved, should it change its name to Gem Bear?

The other pets were thinking about what this name… meant.

Could it be that Shi Yu liked cats more than bears? Moreover, ‘Wonton Bear Cat’? did Shi Yu like to eat wontons?

Buggy, who was about to evolve, suddenly felt worried. As expected, the leader shouldn’t have trusted Shi Yu. It was afraid that Shi Yu would give it the racial names of Dumpling Dragon, Bun Dragon, and Ramen Dragon…

….

Eleven sighed. Forget it, forget it. As long as Shi Yu liked it. After everyone recovered from Eleven’s evolution, Shi Yu also started to draw lots.

In the end, Shi Yu drew the [Frost Dragon] name.

Shi Yu, Eleven: Umm…

“Is it not good?” Shi Yu said.

“Sob.” Chaos Panda Eleven nodded.

The power of the Yin Yang Millstone… was definitely not weaker than the move that Teacher Ying used to instantly kill the Green Scaled Dragon.

Shi Yu and Eleven couldn’t say for sure what the outcome would be if this quasi-divine skill, which was enough to instantly kill a top-notch overlord, hit their own people.