Chapter 824 - 824 Evolution Of The Eleven Gods (7)

824 Evolution of the Eleven Gods (7)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

It was like an Iron-eating Beast in its enlarged state.

Of course, the power formed by the light, darkness, and lightning disintegrating the armor fused into Eleven’s body and assisted it in evolution again. It wasn’t like there were no changes at all.

At this moment, every clearly visible hair began to blur. The black hair was as blurry as a black electric arc, and the white hair was as blurry as a white electric arc, with electricity lingering all over its body.

These electric arcs seemed to have become Eleven’s hair. They kept floating like a chaotic ocean.

It was like a huge beast walking out of the chaos lightning sea, like the first Chaos Thunder God after the creation of the world.

“This power…”

In the distance, Shi Yu could clearly sense endless energy fluctuations erupting from Eleven’s form.

It worked.

It was definitely a success.

Although the power of light lightning and the power of the Demon God were extremely conflicting, the level of superalloy was maxed out by him.

Helping Eleven control this power was definitely not a problem.

Transcendent super skills could allow pets to reach the totem level.

And now, it was only used for evolution!

Under Shi Yu’s extremely expectant gaze…

A shocking roar. Black and white lightning that shot into the sky erupted from Eleven’s body like flames!!

The sky, the ground, and the natural environment directly changed again. In the ruins, it became a chaos world where Yin and Yang separated and light and darkness were born!!

“Wu…”

In this area, the pressure of Buggy and the others reached the extreme. Their expressions were extremely solemn.

This was the power of leader after evolution…

[Pet Name]: Eleven

[Attributes]: Metal, Thunder, Light, Dark

[Level of Growth]: Overlord

Energy Points: 97,710,000

The current Eleven’s normal energy level of the two legendary resources actually approached 100 million.

It was already close to the Tyrannical Sea Legend’s pet even though it had just broken through…

This shocking power simply excited Shi Yu.

However, what excited Shi Yu the most was still this moment. Because of his contract connection with Eleven, Shi Yu’s mental talent directly changed.

The new skill that Eleven was about to awaken had a connection with him.

As Eleven’s light and darkness evolved, Shi Yu entered a meditative state. His mind and Eleven completely became one.

Shi Yu kept wandering in the sea of memories and experimented with his ideal telepathy talent again.

In the dark world, he saw a painting carved on the stone wall. It was two black and white Yin Yang fish wrapped around each other.

Countless layers superimposed. Shi Yu seemed to see the process of the universe going from infinity to Taiji to the transformation of all things. He saw the process of chaos splitting Yin and Yang, light and darkness not being born, and even splitting Yin and Yang.

At this moment, Eleven and Shi Yu’s minds were very clear. Shi Yu was extremely shocked to discover that as Eleven evolved, his telepathy talent, which had always been at a bottleneck, finally made progress.

Shi Yu slowly opened his eyes. At this moment, his eyes were like a spinning black and white Taiji Painting. They were mysterious and extremely deep. His eyes were the window to the mind, reflecting the power of the mind. At this moment, as Shi Yu changed, Eleven, who was in the evolution process, finally saw the same Yin Yang Taiji Painting as Shi Yu.

Shi Yu had always wanted to share the magicalness of the Taiji Painting discovered during archeological exploration on Earth with Eleven, but unfortunately, he had never succeeded.

However, at this moment, when Eleven used the transcendent-level superalloy and fused the power of light and darkness to complete its evolution, his compatibility with Eleven seemed to have reached a point. Finally, they saw the divineness of this pattern at the same time.

[So, if you want to share these powers with pets, you have to let them have a certain compatibility with this divine power first, just like teaching skills.]

At this moment, Shi Yu understood what to do next.

If Buggy came into contact with the power of the starry sky, perhaps it could really imagine transforming into the green dragon?

Boom!!!!

At this moment.

A huge Taiji Painting array appeared under Eleven and Shi Yu’s feet. Lightning leaped on it, as if forming a lightning Yin Yang Domain that wrapped them inside. They also stood on it. Baby Ginseng and the others were extremely shocked, especially Ling…

Buzz…

At this moment, it was as if the legendary ruins had trembled, and an incomparably deep sound of worldly laws appeared. The spatial power and natural power in the space were all suppressed, and it was no different from the abnormality of the quasi-divine skill described by Senior Ji Mengzhu.

“Quasi-divine skill,” Ling muttered.

Moreover, it was quite powerful.

It even felt that its strength was suppressed by Eleven’s power.

At the same time, further away from the legendary ruins, in the deeper second team space, Little Ji, Duckie, and Qi raised their heads in shock and felt an indescribable pressure!!

“Roar!!!”

“Quack!!”

Little Ji and Duckie roared softly. It wasn’t the first time they felt this power, but this time, it seemed to be different from the last time. The pressure it gave them was even stronger.

At the same time, outside the ruins, on the vast Ice Dragon Snow Mountain, millions of creatures crawled down in horror, not daring to look up.

The shocking change could be said to have shocked Shi Yu.

The power of the Yun An Demon God, the power of the Aurora Magnetic Gold White Thunder, and the transcendent superalloy. In addition, with his help through telepathy, Eleven seemed to have comprehended a quasi-divine skill!!