Chapter 825 - 825 Evolution Of God Eleven (8)

825 Evolution of God Eleven (8)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Roar!!!!” At this moment, the Chaotic Yin Yang Lightning Diagram formed was only the phenomenon of a skill. At this moment, the true quasi-divine skill was in Eleven’s hand.

In fact, this was just the combination skill [Yin Yang Jade] that Eleven had fused with White Thunder and Black Thunder through the superalloy previously. Condensing a metal and giving it the fusion of light, darkness, and lightning could cause huge destructive power.

Ling speculated that this combination skill had extraordinary potential, but at this moment, no one expected that as it evolved, it would really upgrade into a new skill.

It was even the prototype of a divine skill!

At this moment, Eleven seemed to have fallen into the chaos lightning and couldn’t be seen clearly. On its palm, a circular metal formed. The metal was black and white, one yin and one yang, one light and one dark. It was filled with two-colored lightning that fused, converted, and collided. It was extremely mysterious. Everything around it seemed to have turned into chaos, disintegrating and being obliterated.

At this moment, as the circular metal condensed and spun, Shi Yu’s expression immediately changed.

“Eleven, stop!!!”

“Wu!!” “Yi!!!” Buggy, Eleven, and the others also sensed the terrifying change in Eleven.

It felt extremely ridiculous.

He didn’t understand why Eleven was so strong after evolution.

At that moment, just seeing Eleven’s figure made them feel that it was difficult to resist.

After all, even when facing the Black Meteorite Yak, the Black Goat, and the Fox God, they didn’t feel this way.

Crack!!!

As Shi Yu spoke, the surrounding space had already begun to be obliterated, and cracks filled the sky. This was not an ordinary obliteration. What shocked Shi Yu was that this legendary spatial ruin that could withstand totem-level attacks actually began to collapse, unstable as Eleven condensed this skill!!

< Name > Yin Yang Millstone

[Attributes]: Light, Dark, Metal, Thunder

[Level]: Quasi Divine Skill

< Introduction > It contains the destructive law. It can obliterate everything by breaking down the balance of Yin and Yang.

At this moment, Shi Yu’s heart was excited and complicated.

Another quasi-divine skill.

It was actually a divine skill that contained laws of destruction.

Yin Yang Millstone, obliterating everything?

It could even obliterate other laws?

In other words, Eleven really evolved into a Mythical race through this evolution???

Just like Ling, it had become a divine beast cub of a Mythical race?!!!

“Wu…” Shi Yu was extremely pleasantly surprised, but suddenly, his eyes hurt and he was forced to close them. As for Eleven, although it had become incomparably powerful, it still listened to Shi Yu’s command and canceled this skill.

However, to be precise, it was suddenly a little difficult for Eleven to control this power without the enhancement of Shi Yu’s telepathy.

Its own strength, the strength of a Beast Tamer, and the combination of the two were the power of a complete quasi-divine skill, the Yin Yang Millstone.

This was the method of cultivating a quasi-divine skill that Emperor Wu mentioned by Ji Mengzhu.

Among them, the Elven Empress of Tingxiang relied on this method. As a hybrid, she relied on the power of her pet to cultivate a quasi-divine skill, and Emperor Wu was actually still a little far from this step.

However, this result was directly completed by level-six Beast Tamer Shi Yu.

It wasn’t a legendary, not a Titled Legend, or even an ordinary Legend.

Closing his eyes tightly, Shi Yu was extremely excited. He tried his best to open them and look at Eleven.

“Sob…” Eleven, who was still impressive and domineering just now, only used half a move of the Yin Yang Millstone, but the side effects were huge. From its incomparably tall and chaotic blurry form, it gradually restrained its strength and shrank, using the Inner Power and Shrinking skill.

Soon, its form returned to its original state. The black and white hair that should have been like a chaotic electric arc turned into normal hair, and its head returned to its cub form of more than a meter. However, compared to before, its blue eyes returned to pitch-black eyes.

The color of the eyes was clearly black and white, like the Yin Yang Domain that contained endless power.

On the other side, Shi Yu sat on the ground with a weak expression.

However, he was smiling.

< Name > Eleven

[Attributes]: Metal, Thunder, Light, Dark

[Race Level]: Low-level Mythical

[Level of Growth]: Overlord

[Race Skill]:

“Super Level”: Inner Power (Perfect), Lightning Rod (Perfect), Space Quake (Perfect), Bean Soldier (Perfect), Impregnable (Perfect), Demon God Body (Perfect)

“Quasi Divine-level Skill”: Yin Yang Millstone (Initiate)

[Taught Skill]:

“Super Level”: Undying Golden Body (Perfect), White Thunder (Perfect), Super Alloy (transcendent)

Normal Energy Points: 97,710,000

“Invincible. Really invincible now,” Shi Yu muttered.

Buggy, Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong, Susu, and Ling also felt so.

They were covered in sweat and looked at Eleven in surprise.

Their breathing was very rapid and he had yet to recover from Eleven’s shock.

Oh shit, it was over. Regardless of how the team was doing, they would mourn for its opponent in the world competition for a minute first.

With Eleven’s current attributes, it might even be able to defeat the Tyrannical Sea Legend’s mutated Leviathan alone.

It was invincible below the totem level!

At this moment, Shi Yu was originally worried that he would be a little unstable if he went to fight in the world competition, but now, he wasn’t worried anymore!!

Who else was there!

After sensing that his current Beast Taming level was still far from level seven, Shi Yu didn’t have any extravagant hopes.

He wanted to snatch the title of Titled Legend at the level of a master.

Who else could match the quasi-divine skill of the invincible overlord, Eleven!

Moreover, other pets weren’t to be trifled with.

After holding it in for two months, Shi Yu was still angry and wanted to find someone to test his saber.

Master Qu Jie? No, too weak.

President Lin? The pets he contracted normally shouldn’t have totems and were all overlords. Then Eleven was also invincible in a one-on-one battle. No… He would be suspected of plotting to usurp the throne.

Sky Penetrating Whale, Mutated Leviathan, Dragon Palace City’s Crown Prince, and even the real totem gem cat and frost dragon?

Shi Yu’s excited heart and trembling hands. It’s one of those guys, then!!!