Chapter 828 - 828 Undersea Prison (3)

828 Undersea Prison (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

In the sky where Dong Huang was flying to the underwater prison, Shi Yu stood on the Wind Immortal Sword that Ling had transformed into. With his hands behind his back, he said with a thoughtful expression,

“The underwater prison is known as an iron wall. It’s guarded by the Golden Dragon King of Dragon Palace City and reinforced by many generations of Dragon Gods. It’s known that even demigods can’t break through it. If we fight there, it shouldn’t affect us much.”

“On the other hand, fighting in the Dragon Palace mystic realm might cause a huge impact. Overall, it’s indeed the Poison Dragon Totem that we should fight.”

…

In the Deep Sea Prison, the guardian was the Golden Dragon King of Dragon Palace City. In Dragon Palace City, there were a total of three top-notch totems, namely the Thunder Dragon King, the Space Dragon King, and the Golden Dragon King. The Sea Dragon King happened to be ranked in a neither high nor low position, in the middle of the original seven Dragon Kings.

Among them, the eldest prince, the Nine-clawed Golden Dragon, was the son of the Golden Dragon King.

The Deep Sea Prison was even lower than Dragon Palace City. To reach here, one had to first pass through the Dragon Palace mystic realm.

Because of this, with the suppression of generations of Dragon Palace City, there was indeed no problem coming out from the Deep Sea Prison.

After Shi Yu entered the ocean, he changed his transportation. Before heading to the underwater prison, he first arrived at the Dragon Palace mystic realm and found Mother Dragon.

As the minister of the Environmental Protection Department and an honorary general of Dragon Palace City, Shi Yu naturally had the qualifications to enter the underwater prison. However, he was only qualified to enter.

If he wanted to execute a prisoner, take a prisoner away, and release a prisoner, three or more Dragon Kings or the Dragon God had to nod. Shi Yu definitely couldn’t do it alone.

Therefore, before he went to find the Poison Dragon Totem, he planned to issue the joint ruling of the Ice Dragon King and the others.

After entering the Dragon Palace mystic realm, Shi Yu naturally went very smoothly. He directly came to find Ice Dragon.

“Kid, why are you here again!!!”

In the Ice Dragon Palace, Ice Dragon gritted its teeth in anger. It didn’t like Shi Yu very much.

It had finally been convinced by Shi Yu to follow it to Tingxiang. It originally thought that Shi Yu would bring it to crack a few ruins and obtain some treasures, but in the end, there was nothing.

Shi Yu only stayed for a few days before abducting a little elf and returning to the country, leaving it, a lonely old dragon, to preside over the exchange competition.

Damn Shi Yu.

In the future, if it followed Shi Yu out again, it would stop being a dragon!

If it weren’t for the fact that Lu Qingyi had given it a gift after the incident, Ice Dragon felt that it would have gone for nothing.

“Mother Dragon, a good thing,” Shi Yu said.

“Wuu!!!” Eleven, who was on Shi Yu’s shoulder, also said, “Good thing!!!”

Huh?

The frost dragon, which had shrunk to two meters tall and could communicate normally with Shi Yu, suddenly looked at Eleven on Shi Yu’s shoulder with a serious expression and was a little concerned.

It looked at Eleven’s black eyes with a circle of white marks and its heart skipped a beat. It actually felt a sense of danger.

Generally speaking, relatively powerful overlords were a little sensitive to powerful lives, let alone Ice Dragon, who had participated in the totem battle. Although it was only a cooling mount for Mu Huiyin most of the time, Ice Dragon’s knowledge was not weak at all.

At this moment, the frost dragon actually sensed danger of the same level on this little Iron-eating Beast.

What was going on?

“Why did the color of its eyes change back?” Ice Dragon said.

Ordinary Iron-eating Beasts’ eyes were indeed black, and Shi Yu’s had long turned blue because of the evolution of lightning and becoming a royal. And now, Ice Dragon realized that it had actually turned black again.

“And its aura… has reached the overlord level??”

Ice Dragon couldn’t believe it.

“You broke through to the legend level?”

Shi Yu smiled and said, “No, no, I just let it break through to overlord in advance. Isn’t the world competition about to begin? I thought that an overlord in the team was more reliable. My physique is not bad, I can still take it.”

“Because it broke through to overlord and evolved again, its form changed a little.”

Ice Dragon was shocked and doubtful. It evolved again. Did it evolve with the meteorite fragment?

No wonder the aura was so terrifying.

Ice Dragon paused and was silent for a moment. It was really becoming more and more cowardly. Damn it, it actually cared about an overlord, and it was an overlord contracted by a level-six telepathy Beast Tamer above its level.

It cursed, “What good thing? Tell me quickly.”

Shi Yu said, “My Susu has received the inheritance of the Blue Sea Sprite and mastered the strongest cleansing skill, the Sea Cleansing Spirit. I think the current us should be able to complete the cleansing of the Poison Dragon Totem.”

“Huh?” Ice Dragon was stunned.

“After purification, the Poison Dragon Totem is a totem-level dragon-element life form. It can enter the Dragon God Ruins. At that time, it will take out two or three legendary resources and we’ll split them. Don’t you think it’s a good thing!”

“Ning!” Susu also popped its head out of Shi Yu’s pocket.

It expressed that it had already taken off.

Ice Dragon was stunned. It leaned back strategically, its eyes serious and serious.

Shi Yu naturally couldn’t take all of the Poison Dragon Totem. After all, the Poison Dragon Totem was captured by the Sea Dragon King and the Ice Dragon King together. Shi Yu didn’t want to take the majority. He just had to drink some soup. The meat was for these big shots to eat.

“You brat…” Ice Dragon’s expression immediately returned to its doting smile. It stretched out its dragon claws and pointed at Shi Yu.

Although it didn’t know why the monarch-level Susu had received the power of the sea that could only be inherited at the overlord level, it didn’t matter.

Ice Dragon was instantly excited. It felt that it could at least obtain a legendary resource this time.

It immediately found Shi Yu pleasing to the eye again.

Not bad, not bad.

“I understand. I’ll go find the Sea Dragon King and the others now.”

Ice Dragon roared. It also knew that dealing with the prison totem required the nod of the three Dragon Kings. Don’t worry, leave it to it!

At that time, everyone would go together and be Shi Yu’s bodyguard. They would ensure that Shi Yu would not be injured during the cleansing process.