Chapter 827 - 827 Undersea Prison (2)

827 Undersea Prison (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Although Mother Dragon wasn’t weak anymore and had finally relied on the totem-level advantage and legendary resources to train the Heavenly Frost Cold Energy to perfection, there was still a risk of serious injuries.

Shi Yu and Eleven silently put the lot back and drew another one. They prayed in their hearts.

[Dragon Palace City Big Son], [Dragon Palace City Big Son], [Dragon Palace City Big Son]…

Although he was very worried that Eleven would end the life of this invincible Golden Dragon Crown Prince he had never met with a quasi-divine skill, it was fine as long as he didn’t use a quasi-divine skill. As long as it could guarantee victory, it didn’t matter if the opponent was a totem or an invincible overlord.

Things didn’t go according to plan.

Shi Yu and Eleven looked at the new lot and fell into deep thought.

[Poison Dragon Totem].

“Why don’t we use it?” Shi Yu said.

“Wuu.” Eleven lay on Shi Yu’s shoulder and looked at the words Poison Dragon Totem on the poker card. It pondered for a moment and nodded.

That worked too.

The totem level was not an ally yet, and as the weakest totem, it was indeed very suitable to test strength.

If he remembered correctly, it should be locked in the underwater prison of Dragon Palace City.

The Poison Dragon Totem was mutated from the power of Yun An’s radiation. It should be the weakest totem.

This should be a totem that relied on “resources” to break through.

However, resources were also divided into levels. For example, the legendary resources in Shi Yu’s hands were relatively ordinary legendary resources.

As for the nine-element gem used by the gem cat, it should be the top existence among legendary resources.

As for the meteorite radiation used by the Poison Dragon Totem, it was hard to say if it had touched the threshold of legendary resources. It could only be said that the Poison Dragon Totem was lucky and unlucky.

It was lucky enough to become the totem level that countless transcendent life forms dreamed of, but because of this, his consciousness was corroded and he lost its mind.

The only powerful thing about it might be the “radiation poison” that was comparable to Yun An. Although it wasn’t as domineering as Yun An, even the overlord doctor of Dragon Palace City couldn’t cleanse it. The Immortal Dragon King had to take action.

“I wonder if Eleven’s Yin Yang Millstone can destroy the rules of Yun An’s quasi-divine skill. Since Yun An’s attack can’t be cleansed and healed, can we destroy the power of laws left on the injured through destruction?”

Shi Yu felt that it was hard to say for Yun An, but there was definitely no problem with this Poison Dragon Totem.

Shi Yu gathered the entire team for a discussion and finally decided to take a look at the underwater prison in Dragon Palace City.

“I can help the Poison Dragon Totem cleanse the poison.”

“With the strongest Sea Cleansing Spirit Susu has created so far, it should be enough.”

“If the Poison Dragon Totem is obedient and willing to be a little brother after purification, arrange for it to become the new Dragon King of Dragon Palace City and enter the Dragon God Ruins. Let it get some legendary resources for us.”

“If it’s disobedient, continue to lock it up. Before the world competition, upgrade Chi Tong’s Undead Revival to perfection. Then, kill the Poison Dragon Totem and turn it into an undead puppet.”

Shi Yu’s arrangements could strengthen the team again before the world competition no matter what. He immediately obtained the strong support of Buggy and Chi Tong!

Amazing, amazing ~ ~

The two pets were pleasantly surprised and instantly looked forward to the Poison Dragon Totem.

“But before that,”

Shi Yu’s face was pale. “Baby Ginseng, create a few more sachets. This doesn’t seem to work anymore.”

Damn, the burden Eleven brought after continuous evolution seemed to be even greater.

The strength of the burden was completely greater than the attributes of the feedback.

In this state, he didn’t know if he could continue to add points happily.

Even if it was meditation, it would probably be affected.

“Yi…” Baby Ginseng couldn’t bear to look at it. It was better not to think about a second overlord above his level. It was more reliable to cultivate to level seven as soon as possible.

It was very afraid that it wouldn’t be able to heal Shi Yu in the future, unless the second overlord was Baby Ginseng itself, of course!

“In short, prepare more sachets. Hurry…”

….

Because of Eleven’s evolution, even through a space, most of the Ice Dragon Snow Mountain was almost paralyzed.

Even the monarchs were so frightened that their legs went weak. Fortunately, Shi Yu had learned from Ling’s evolution and didn’t break through in the city.

Otherwise, it would probably become one of the ten great supernatural incidents of Dong Huang, making the country mistake it for a totem invasion.

During the break, Shi Yu comforted Qi and the others a little to see if anything had happened to the second team. Fortunately, it was nothing serious.

After confirming that everything was appropriate, Shi Yu set off directly. His destination was the underwater prison of Dragon Palace City.

In fact, Shi Yu had long wanted to come to this place. The weakest prisoner here was also at the overlord level. Even at the totem level like the Poison Dragon Totem, there was more than one imprisoned in the underwater prison.

It could be said that both Dragon Palace City and Dong Huang had imprisoned some troublesome and valuable totems here.

As for why they didn’t kill them directly, it was because some prisoners were still useful to Dong Huang and Dragon Palace City.

For example, if they caught Yun An in the future, it would definitely be crippled and imprisoned somewhere.

The metal fragments on its body were the stable evolution resources of the Iron-eating Beast. As long as it didn’t die and they let it live on panting, it would always be a sustainable resource.

The ones imprisoned in the underwater prison were basically the same. They were either ferocious beasts that wreaked havoc in the East Sea and Dong Huang, or the defeated parties in the last totem battle.

At the same time, it was also a sustainable resource.

Shi Yu had even thought about it. If Chi Tong’s Undead Revival point reached transcendent in the future and it could enslave totem-level undead, he would directly come to the underwater prison to kill an almost useless totem. He would make do with it first.