Chapter 829 - 829 Chaotic Panda And Yin Yang Millstone

829 Chaotic Panda and Yin Yang Millstone

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Soon.

The frost dragon found the Sea Dragon King and the Immortal Dragon King.

Of these two, one had arrested the Poison Dragon Totem with it, and the other had cleansed the injured in the entire Dragon Palace City. They were both Dragon Kings who played a key role in the Poison Dragon incident.

At this moment, after the Sea Dragon King and the Immortal Dragon King learned that Susu had accepted the Blue Sea inheritance, they were also extremely shocked.

At the same time, there was huge confusion and more confusion.

“Shi Yu, are you sure that Lord Blue Sea Sprite has already accepted the inheritance??”

The Sea Dragon King looked at the Water Slime on Shi Yu’s shoulder and said with a doubtful expression.

Why did it feel that Lord Blue Sea Sprite’s reincarnation was still at the monarch level?

It didn’t feel that he had become stronger.

Moreover, the various Dragon Kings expected that after the Blue Sea Sprite Reincarnation accepted the inheritance, it should leave Shi Yu…

Why didn’t either situation make sense now?

“Something happened, but it definitely accepted the inheritance.” Shi Yu smiled.

The Immortal Dragon King was speechless. Was this a trick…

Moreover…

“Even Lord Blue Sea Sprite…” The Sea Sprite Dragon Immortal Dragon King also had a puzzled expression.

Monarch level.

Even the Blue Sea Sprite couldn’t be stronger than its own cleansing ability at the monarch level, right?

It couldn’t even cleanse the Poison Dragon Totem…

After all, it had mastered a cleansing skill that had been developed to perfect proficiency, and it was at the totem level!

“Ning!!!”

Seeing that these Dragon Kings suspected it, Susu snorted and curled its lips. Wait and see.

“Don’t worry.”

Shi Yu smiled, reassuring the Dragon Kings.

Not to mention that Susu was only at the monarch level now, even if it was only at the Awakening level, as long as it had the Blue Sea Contract and the Sea Cleansing Spirit, its cleansing power wouldn’t be weak.

The Blue Sea Contract had infinite energy. Even demigods didn’t have as much energy as it.

The more ocean energy the Sea Cleansing Spirit provided, the stronger the cleansing power.

In other words, the combination of these two skills had almost no upper limit to its cleansing power. Only “time” determined its cleansing power.

The proficiency of these two skills and its growth level could only allow it to condense stronger cleansing power in a shorter period of time.

At the moment, Susu had already condensed an extremely strong Sea Cleansing Spirit through the continuous creation of the Time Fruit and a month. The effect was even stronger than a transcendent cleansing skill.

This Sea Cleansing Spirit was already comparable to a totem-level attack. If nothing went wrong, it was easy to brainwash an overlord.

At the moment, in his team, probably only the evolved Eleven could resist the brainwashing of this Sea Cleansing Spirit.

However, just like self-destruction, this move was also banned by Shi Yu. After all, it was not easy to create one. It had to be used on the edge.

For example, supporting points-adding, cleansing the Poison Dragon Totem in exchange for resources, or saving it for the World Tournament.

There was still a period of time before the World Tournament, enough to support Susu to create another similar one, so this could be used to cleanse the Poison Dragon Totem in exchange for other resources.

“In short, it’s so confident. Let them give it a try.” The Ice Dragon King couldn’t wait anymore. It trusted Shi Yu the most.

“Alright then, let’s give it a try. In any case, with us around, the Poison Dragon Totem can’t cause any trouble.” When the Sea Dragon King and the Immortal Dragon King saw this, they didn’t say anything else. They nodded and decided to go together.

After all, the Poison Dragon was at the totem level and very dangerous. If Shi Yu went to approach and cleanse it, he would probably be in danger without the protection of more than two totems.

…

“Who is it!!!”

A moment later, Shi Yu and the others arrived at the deep sea prison mystic realm below the Dragon Palace mystic realm.

Shi Yu stood on the huge Water Slime and turned into a Slime Knight. He came with the three Dragon Kings.

At the entrance of the mystic realm, just as they arrived, a team of humanoid transcendent creatures appeared and stopped them.

More than ten humanoid creatures, the Sea Yaksha, were green like toad demons.

They were all at the monarch level and held fork-type weapons.

In the lead was a female Sea Yaksha. Her form was very different from the others, and her appearance was very sexy.

< Name > Yaksha King

[Attributes]: Water

[Race Level]: Low-level overlord

[Level of Growth]: Overlord

Energy Points: 72,330,000

“Eh? Minister Shi Yu?”

“There’s also the Ice Dragon King, the Sea Dragon King, and Lord Immortal Dragon King?”

This yaksha with a fiery figure and a whip had pink scales on its waist, legs, wrists, chest, and face, but its appearance was still moving. Apart from the scales, the other party’s greatest characteristics were the huge curved goat horns and sea snake-like hair.

She was immediately surprised to see the big shots coming.

The other ordinary Yakshas were abnormally shocked. This was the first time they had seen so many big shots traveling together.

“Yinlin.” Seeing the leader of this team of Sea Protecting Yakshas, the Sea Dragon King said, “We want to enter the underwater prison to see the Poison Dragon Totem. Inform the Golden Dragon King.”

Shi Yu, the Ice Dragon King, and the Immortal Dragon King smiled at her.

Yaksha King Ying Lin was the sister of the Yaksha General in Dragon Palace City. She was a top-notch overlord, one of the four guardian overlords of the underwater prison.

“Yes, Lord Sea Dragon King!” The leading female yaksha was stunned before nodding!

In the depths of the underwater prison.

The Golden Dragon King, who was in charge of guarding the underwater prison, slowly opened its golden-green eyes. Its body was strong, and golden scales covered its entire body. Its dragon claws were strong, and after it got up and flew in the sky, its insufferable dignity was revealed.