Chapter 830 - 830 Chaotic Panda And Yin Yang Millstone (2)

830 Chaotic Panda and Yin Yang Millstone (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“What… are you doing!”

It leaped out and instantly circled outside the underwater prison, looking at the Dragon Kings in front of the Cherry Scaled overlord that had summoned it.

Among the original seven Dragon Kings, the Golden Dragon King, the Space Dragon King, and the Thunder Dragon King were all cultivated by the Dragon God after she destroyed the previous Dragon God and her trusted aides. As for the Sea Dragon King and the Ice Dragon King, they naturally joined later.

Therefore, even the Sea Dragon King greeted the Golden Dragon respectfully, “Big Brother Golden Dragon, we’re here this time to cleanse the Poison Dragon Totem!”

The Golden Dragon King’s gaze swept across the Sea Dragon King, the Immortal Dragon King, the Ice Dragon King, and Shi Yu. “I thought you were here to find something to eat again.”

The last time the Sea Dragon King and the others came to the underwater prison, it was to eat the Vortex Demon Beast. This time, it thought that they were going to eat the new black goat.

“However, why did you bring him here?” The Golden Dragon King looked at Shi Yu. He knew Shi Yu’s identity, but this was the first time he had seen this so-called minister of the Environmental Protection Department.

The Immortal Dragon King said, “Because this time, Shi Yu is the main force of cleansing. We’re just bodyguards.”

“Oh?” The Golden Dragon King was stunned and looked at Shi Yu, who nodded.

“Lord Golden Dragon King, I wanted to come this time.”

“I understand. Then I’ll bring you there.”

The Poison Dragon Totem wasn’t a difficult prisoner. With the three Dragon Kings leading the team, it couldn’t cause any trouble.

After the Golden Dragon King appeared, Shi Yu and the others began to advance into the mystic realm under the lead of the Golden Dragon King.

The underwater prison was a multi-level mystic realm.

The deeper the spatial layer, the higher the spatial strength.

As it was a special spatial mystic realm, in order to ensure spatial stability, all spatial skills were forbidden here.

Therefore, Shi Yu and the others could only slowly walk and fly.

“Kid.” The Golden Dragon King led the way and said, “Don’t be afraid. Although the murderous aura here is a little stronger, they can’t come out.”

“We haven’t even reached the first level and you’re already like this. When we reach the fourth level, won’t the aura of those totems scare you so much that you pee your pants?”

Shi Yu: “Senior Golden Dragon King, I’m not afraid.”

The Golden Dragon King chuckled. On its huge golden divine dragon body, its dragon eyes said disdainfully, “Your face is pale from fright. Do you think I can’t see it?”

Shi Yu and Susu: …

“I wasn’t scared white. My body is just a little weak.” Shi Yu was speechless.

The Sea Dragon King and the others were not surprised. Although Shi Yu looked even more weak today, he usually did this.

The Ice Dragon King said, “He’s only weakened because he contracted an overlord above its level in preparation for the world competition. This little battle array shouldn’t be able to scare this kid.”

“Oh?” The Golden Dragon King was stunned. So that was the case. It said, “A level-six Beast Tamer contracted an overlord above his level? You guys are pretty hardworking for the World Tournament.”

“But from the looks of it, you can’t. Although Dragon Palace City didn’t participate, from the situation of the various totem countries, an overlord is at most an admission ticket!”

Overlords were only admission tickets. Top-notch overlords barely had the qualifications to fight. Only invincible overlords could really compete for the championship. Although Dragon Palace City didn’t plan to participate in the world competition, the Golden Dragon King knew the situation of the world competition very well.

In its opinion, even if Shi Yu contracted an overlord above his level, he would only be crushed by an even stronger overlord.

It was better to use the relationship with Dragon Palace City to cultivate well in the various mystic realms of the Dragon Palace.

“I know, but the World Tournament has been held for so many years. It would be a pity to miss it,” Shi Yu said.

“That’s true, but if you were born five years earlier and came to work for me for five years, you might have a place in the World Tournament,” the Golden Dragon King said.

“My good-for-nothing son only became so strong after training in the underwater prison for many years!”

“After the world competition ends, I’ll definitely come over to train for a period of time,” Shi Yu said.

The space of the underwater prison was divided into six levels, corresponding to ordinary overlords, top-notch overlords, invincible overlords (quasi totems), ordinary totems, top-notch totems, and totem half-gods.

Among them, the Poison Dragon Totem, the Black Goat Totem, and the Vortex Totem were basically locked on the fourth level.

It was said that even demigods couldn’t break through the fourth level and above. The spatial strength was comparable to a Mythical Sealed Ruins, and it was easy to lock totems.

From the fifth level onwards, there were actually no prisoners. The ones imprisoned were basically the defeated top-notch totems in the last totem battle. At the moment, there was not a single life on the sixth level.

The reason why Shi Yu said that was because there were really many totems here. There were definitely many rare skills on him. After all, he had already reached the level of developing skills himself. He had to have some trump cards.

Working in the underwater prison, the mission was not as simple as patrolling. Interrogating totems, dissecting totem materials, and suppressing totems were all extremely dangerous things.

Under the arrangements of the Golden Dragon King, the eldest prince of Dragon Palace City had trained here for more than ten years. It was the key for it to become an invincible overlord. After all, it had a bunch of ferocious overlords as sparring partners every day. In addition, it didn’t lack resources. It was difficult not to be strong. Of course, if it were the little white dragon, it definitely wouldn’t dare to come to such a place.

“Your mentality is not bad. Brother Sea Dragon, when will you send your little white dragon in too?” the Golden Dragon King said.

The Sea Dragon King sighed. Stop talking.

That useless trash!

It really regretted not encouraging Shi Yu to contract the little white dragon back then.