Chapter 831 - 831 Chaotic Panda And Yin Yang Millstone (3)

831 Chaotic Panda and Yin Yang Millstone (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Roar!!!”

“Whale!! Let me out!!”

At this moment, Shi Yu and the others had already walked there. In the dark sewer-like passage, dark golden doors were on both sides. They were doors that led to independent mystic realm spaces.

Behind the door, faint deterrence and roars could even be heard from time to time.

Apart from that, Shi Yu also noticed the number on the dark gold spatial door.

3-2.

The front represented the number of levels, and the back represented the importance of the imprisoned creature on this level.

“The sealing isn’t very good…” Shi Yu said.

Golden Dragon King: “It’s harmless.”

Soon, Shi Yu and the others arrived at the fourth level. The four Dragon Kings came together in a huge formation.

In the end, the Golden Dragon King stopped outside a huge dark gold door that was a hundred meters tall.

On it was written “4-10”, which meant that the Poison Dragon Totem was ranked tenth in danger or importance among the ordinary totems imprisoned in the underwater prison.

This made Shi Yu realize that there were probably at least ten totems imprisoned in the underwater prison. Perhaps there were 20.

“This is the place,” the Golden Dragon King said.

“Kid, be careful. Although the creatures imprisoned in the underwater prison can’t mobilize natural energy here, their own strength is very difficult to restrict. It’s also easy to kill overlords.”

“For example, on this Poison Dragon, you also know that there’s a terrifying poison radiation. Just dyeing it a little is enough to heavily injure an overlord.”

“Apart from that, its physique far exceeds that of an overlord. Even without using transcendent power, it can crush ordinary overlords with its physical strength alone.”

“With our protection, it’s alright. Let’s go in!” Ice Dragon couldn’t wait anymore.

“Alright.” Shi Yu also nodded in anticipation.

Shi Yu and the four Dragon Kings entered together. Soon, they saw the environment of the prison mystic realm clearly.

This place was incomparably huge and empty. The entire prison space was dark purple, and the sky was purple. There was no ground, only shallow seawater. Originally, the seawater here was cleansing water, but under the pollution of the Poison Dragon Totem, it had already become black poisonous water.

As for the Poison Dragon Totem, it was in the center of the shallow sea. It stood there with its eyes closed. Its limbs were bound by huge chains, and it looked like it couldn’t move.

It was a hundred meters tall and looked like a huge black dinosaur standing on two feet. It was impressive and domineering. Even though it was imprisoned, it still emitted the power of a totem. If an ordinary level-six Beast Tamer came, just looking at it would probably make their hearts tremble.

At this moment, after someone entered, it slowly opened its violent eyes.

At the same time, it let out a shocking roar!!

The chain vibrated!

The chains corroded by the poison also showed signs of falling off.

“Roar!!!” A terrifying roar seemed to have turned into a hurricane, instantly making the black waves roll.

The Golden Dragon King said solemnly, “It doesn’t have any rationality at all. It will make such a fuss every time and only sleep for a while when it’s exhausted. In its current state, it should have just rested well.”

It didn’t matter if the totems wreaked havoc in the underwater prison mystic realm, because the spatial strength here was enough to suppress them.

At the same time, the energy that erupted when they wreaked havoc would be actively absorbed by the underwater prison mystic realm to strengthen it.

Therefore, this was a dead cycle.

“It’s more troublesome to cleanse this state, right? Sea Dragon King, Immortal Dragon King, Ice Dragon King, how about we exhaust this guy together?” the Golden Dragon King said.

“Alright.” Although the Dragon Kings didn’t want to spend much effort, looking at the Poison Dragon Totem, Shi Yu probably couldn’t cleanse it directly.

However, just as the four Dragon Kings were about to attack, Shi Yu, who was standing on the huge Water Slime, licked his lips and said, “Seniors, this is very good.”

“Let me do it.”

“Huh?” Shi Yu’s words stunned the four Dragon Kings. They didn’t understand what Shi Yu meant.

Shi Yu said, “I have two cleansing plans. I want to give them a try.”

“Apart from letting the Lord Blue Sea Sprite cleanse, what other cleansing plans are there?!” the Immortal Dragon King said.

“Sabotage,” Shi Yu said.

“Huh?” The Sea Dragon King, the Ice Dragon King, the Immortal Dragon King, and the Golden Dragon King were stunned. What was this?

“I want to verify first if the poison radiation on its body can be obliterated through other methods apart from cleansing methods. This is very important. Let it maintain this energetic state first…”

If it was too weak, Shi Yu was afraid that it couldn’t withstand Eleven’s attack.

Yes, Shi Yu wanted Eleven to try and see if it could destroy the poison on this Poison Dragon Totem through the Yin Yang Millstone.

If even the poison radiation on this Poison Dragon Totem couldn’t be obliterated, then how could it resist Yun An’s incurable injuries?

It could be said that the Poison Dragon in this state was an excellent sparring partner to verify Eleven’s battle power.

“What do you mean?” The Dragon Kings had yet to react.

Shi Yu said, “That’s right. I’ll suppress it, consume it, and cleanse it alone.”

“Seniors, you only need to protect me at the critical moment.”

“What nonsense are you talking about?” Ice Dragon was stunned. At this moment, it couldn’t understand what Shi Yu was thinking.

“Roar!!!”

The monster that opened its eyes didn’t have any rationality, but no matter how terrifying the few guys opposite it were, after condensing the energy that had naturally recovered in its body, it opened its huge mouth and a black and red ball of light that emitted strong heat instantly condensed in its mouth.