Chapter 839 - 839 Spirit Taiji Domain (3)

839 Spirit Taiji Domain (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Apart from that, let the national guardian assist in the special training and enter the cultivation ruins mystic realm. Any request can be made.”

“The association will try their best to satisfy it.”

“If anyone has any corresponding thoughts, contact me after the meeting.”

“Alright, it’s your question segment now. You can ask any questions about the World Tournament now,” President Lin said to everyone.

“President Lin, the rules of the world competition… haven’t been confirmed?” Jiang Tianyang asked.

President Lin said, “Just like in the past, it will be decided by the World Tree after Inatella opens. No one will know in advance.”

“However, you can use the rules of the previous batches as a reference. Of course, the rules of the first three batches are different. It might also change this time, but there’s a high chance that it will still be related to ruins and battles. After all, this is the common point of the first three batches.”

Ji Feng said, “President Lin, when are you going to give us the information on the contestants from the various participating countries?”

As expected of a member of the Intelligence Bureau, he knew the importance of information.

“I heard… that there might be totems in this world competition?”

President Lin said, “There’s indeed such a possibility. The Beast Taming Talent is strange. For example, Legend Yin’s spatial strengthening talent. If it’s cultivated to level eight, it’s possible to contract a totem.”

“If you consider the speciality of the hybrid physique, if Beast Tamers and contracted creatures have the same bloodline, even if it’s a legendary Beast Tamer, it’s not impossible to contract totems above their level.”

“Therefore, you have to be mentally prepared. This situation has never appeared in the first three world competitions. Those totem countries are far crazier than the traditional Beast Tamers of the seven countries.”

“As for the information you mentioned, I’ll give it to you after the meeting, but just take a look at this kind of thing. Don’t treat it as key information.”

Everyone asked their own questions. Shi Yu listened the whole time. The more he listened, the more sleepy he became, as if he was going to Internet class in the morning.

Ah ~ So sleepy.

After an unknown period of time, the meeting finally ended. Before the meeting ended, Shi Yu was instantly energetic. After coming out, he immediately ran to Lu Qingyi and said, “Senior, how’s your Psychic training?”

Lu Qingyi smiled and said, “It’s at the passing level ~ It definitely can’t compare to yours, but it can definitely kill everyone in the world competition.”

“Here.” She handed the Talent Bead back to Shi Yu and said, “There’s still half a month. Can we make it?”

“There’s time.” Shi Yu smiled. In the last half a month, Shi Yu decided to continue perfecting his telepathy talent.

This had to be done with the Talent Bead. Apart from that, Shi Yu also planned to help Eleven adapt to his new body through the Talent Bead.

Therefore, he asked for the Talent Bead that he had temporarily handed to his senior to cultivate Psychic power.

Now, Lu Qingyi’s strength should be far from the level of fifth place in the Sequence. A legendary resource in the natural ruins of Tingxiang and a legendary resource rewarded by the Sequence ranking. After using them, she gained a new overlord pet.

Three overlords.

In addition to the Psychic Strengthening Skill, Shi Yu felt that Senior Lu’s current battle power, excluding him, should be able to steadily rank in the top three of this batch of contestants.

It was only inferior to Ye Xing and Divine Bell. As for these two, Senior Lu definitely couldn’t compare. After all, before there was any news of their World Tournament, there were already two overlords in their teams. At the moment, even if they weren’t all overlords, they were probably not much different. For their identities, there were clearly more channels to obtain legendary resources.

Of course, it was definitely not as fast as Shi Yu obtaining legendary resources.

In Shi Yu’s hands, Buggy had two legendary resources. Baby Ginseng had one, Chi Tong had two, and Susu had one. This was even after using a lot of their resources.

Unfortunately, due to the limitations of his level, Shi Yu could only look at the resources and cry. He couldn’t let them spend as generously as Eleven.

For the world competition nearly a month later, Shi Yu went into seclusion again to perfect Eleven’s incomplete Mythical form.

Apart from Shi Yu and Eleven, the other pets were also cultivating hard to welcome the next world competition.

After all, Shi Yu had told them that whether they could have quasi-divine skills and how many quasi-divine skills they could have depended on whether they could win the world competition.

After winning the championship and obtaining the blessings of the World Tree, once the skill fusion function was activated, it was easy to talk about how many quasi-divine skills they wanted.

Shi Yu felt that the Mythical stage should also be divided into levels.

Just like overlord races, those with two super skills were low-level overlords, and those with three three were middle-level overlords. In theory, it should be the same among Mythical races.

One divine skill was a low-level Mythical race, and two meant it was middle-level Mythical races. In that case, Shi Yu naturally had to pile Eleven and the others’ race levels above high-level Mythical races through the number of skills.

Skill fusion was the key!

…

A week later, Ping Cheng, legendary ruins space.

Shi Yu stood on the ground and looked at Eleven opposite him in silence.

On the other side was a huge Iron-eating Beast ten meters tall, no different from ordinary Iron-eating Beasts.

However, Shi Yu understood that this was not as simple as Eleven enlarging to this size.

The Body Control Talent Bead was more valuable than he imagined…!

Initially, Shi Yu thought that Eleven could only gradually optimize its race and adapt to Mythical race after reaching the totem level.

However, he didn’t expect that with the help of their bodies to control the Talent Bead, they only used a week to completely stabilize their Mythical form.

At this moment, even after Eleven entered the Mythical Normal State, its strength was completely restrained. It was no different from an ordinary panda.

No one could tell if it was strong or weak.

The form surrounded by the chaos lightning sea was completely controlled. Even at this moment, Eleven could still control whether the white lightning or black lightning lingered on its body. Its control over power was much stronger than when it first evolved.

“Wuu!!!” In addition, Eleven even used the Yin Yang Millstone in its hand without Shi Yu’s help.

It condensed in its hand, and the entire legendary ruin buzzed and trembled again.

However, in terms of power, it was much weaker than when it had Shi Yu’s support.

This time, there was no risk of the ruins collapsing.

“(.◕ˇ∀ˇ◕) Wuu!!” Giant Eleven looked at Shi Yu excitedly.

Was it invincible?

Eleven had been conflicted. What if the quasi-divine skill needed Shi Yu’s support and couldn’t be used in the team competition?

But now, it felt that the future versions might all belong to it.

“The problem now is…”

“Am I still human?”

Shi Yu scratched his head. After Eleven completely controlled its body of a low-level Mythical race, Shi Yu could clearly sense that he had received physical and mental feedback again.

He was silent for a moment before activating the telepathy talent. No, now, Shi Yu had already given the second development of the telepathy talent skill another name, [Psychic Domain].

At this moment, the Yin Yang Millstone in Eleven’s hand had already disappeared, but Shi Yu’s eyes still turned black and white. As a sound of laws vibrated, Shi Yu himself conjured a Taiji Domain that enveloped a huge area.

In the black and white world, the ground and sky were both a Yin Yang Taiji Painting. Among them, the Taiji Painting spun crazily. The black and white Yin Yang fish in the pattern even materialized and swam around Eleven.

“Wuu!!!”

At this moment, Eleven felt that the power of light, darkness, and yin and yang in its body had been strengthened by an epic level!!

Eleven waved its hands, and the Yin Yang Fish also swam like it was in the sea, making Eleven feel especially interested. Just as it was about to touch the Yin Yang Fish, with a crack, the Taiji Domain shattered like a mirror.

On the other side, Shi Yu’s face was pale. Damn, had his telepathy ability also been upgraded to a quasi-divine skill?

There was the sound of laws no matter what.

[Psychic Domain, Taiji Domain] could produce corresponding rules and strengthen Eleven’s quasi-divine skill. In fact, without doing anything, the Taiji Domain could suppress all the power in the domain.

This change made Shi Yu’s balls hurt a little. He felt that it was the Mythical resource, the Undying Fruit, again…

Forget it.

Shi Yu ignored these changes and continued cultivating. When it was half a month before setting off for Rongguang, the gazes of the Seven Nation Alliance looked at Inatella.