Chapter 835 - 835 Dragon Transformation Fruit (3)

835 Dragon Transformation Fruit (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Golden Dragon King: “If there’s no value, kill it directly. If there’s value, deal with it and imprison it for life.”

“Now that it has been cleansed, the dragon meat, dragon scales, dragon skin, and dragon blood dragon tendons on its body are all good things. It’s not a bad choice to directly take them off.”

“After all, it’s a totem-level dragon body.”

“Roar!! (No, don’t.)” The Poison Dragon Totem’s expression was stunned, and its heart exploded. It was as if it had encountered a bolt from the blue and found it difficult to accept.

No, no.

It was really very innocent.

“There’s no need to be so ruthless, right? It does seem to be a victim. Why don’t we give it a chance?” Shi Yu said.

“Roar! (Yes, yes!!)” At this moment, the Poison Dragon was stunned, as if it had caught a life-saving straw. It looked at Shi Yu for help and fear.

It understood that this human was also an expert and could easily kill him. He was also grateful to Shi Yu and understood that it was the other party who had recovered his rationality.

“Minister Shi Yu, what do you think?” the Golden Dragon King said.

Shi Yu said, “Let it redeem itself and join the Environmental Protection Department to make up for the losses it created.”

There was no law in Dragon Palace City. The law was the Dragon God, and the totem dragon kings.

At this moment, the Dragon Kings and Shi Yu were playing good cop and bad cop respectively, directly allowing the Poison Dragon Totem to find a chance to “live”. Its expression instantly froze and it roared.

“Roar, roar, roar!!”

It expressed its willingness to join Dragon Palace City and offer everything it had to Dragon Palace City. If it didn’t want any benefits, it would work for Dragon Palace City in its next life!

Shi Yu and the others… had been waiting for this sentence!

The four Dragon Kings and Shi Yu looked at each other.

“Sure.” Shi Yu placed his hands behind his back and flew in the air with his Psychic power. He looked at the Poison Dragon Totem calmly and said, “On account of your sincere repentance and strength, I’ll give you a chance to be a dragon again.”

“However, if you don’t perform well…”

The Poison Dragon Totem revealed a frightened expression. It understood that Shi Yu really had the ability to kill it.

After all, its current strength was even weaker than when it first mutated.

At this moment, the powerful poison attributes on his body had already been cleansed, leaving only its totem-level body and inadequate cultivation. It didn’t match the dragon-element power of its current realm.

“Roar!!! (Lord, don’t worry. I eat little, work fast, and am super diligent.)” The Poison Dragon Totem stood up and patted its chest as it guaranteed.

….

The Dragon God didn’t care how to arrange the Poison Dragon Totem at all. Shi Yu and the others started to arrange it randomly.

The world was huge, and the benefits were the greatest. No matter what, the Poison Dragon Totem was already at the totem level.

With the ability to optimize races and skills, after cultivating hard, it would definitely be another totem-level battle power.

Compared to directly dissecting it, it was indeed better to let it atone for its crimes. Moreover, if it could enter the Dragon God Ruins and take out some resources, at least two or three legendary resources, everyone would get a share. Wouldn’t that be wonderful?

Shi Yu and the others didn’t immediately deal with the Poison Dragon Totem. Instead, they continued to let it reflect in prison.

As for Shi Yu and the others, they must have quickly come out to discuss the distribution of benefits.

After shaking off the Golden Dragon, Shi Yu and the others chuckled, especially Shi Yu and Ice Dragon. It laughed the most.

They really were family after all.

Fortunately, the gem cat wasn’t around. Otherwise, the three of them would have laughed together.

“Seniors, look, the cleansing is successful.”

“Moreover, it was unexpectedly smooth. The Poison Dragon Totem didn’t resist the whole time.”

“Even after waking up, the desire to submit is very strong.”

Shi Yu said, “According to its description and what we understand, the culprit is indeed the Yun Race and the Ke Yuan Financial Group. It’s also innocent. After nurturing it, it’s basically not a problem for Dragon Palace City to have a new totem-level general.”

The Sea Dragon King, the Ice Dragon King, and the other dragons nodded.

“At that time, if it’s recognized to enter the Dragon God Ruins and reward everyone with the newbie rewards in the Dragon God Ruins, that would be even better.”

“That’s right.” The Ice Dragon King was about to drool. Ever since it was extorted by Shi Yu for a legendary resource, it really wanted a second one.

“When the time comes, everyone will split it equally!” Ice Dragon said.

“I should be part of it, right?” Shi Yu was filled with anticipation.

The sea dragon and ice dragon laughed. Of course.

After all, the Poison Dragon was cleansed by Shi Yu.

“Of course. If it can enter the Dragon God Ruins in the future, you should at least have a legendary resource, alright?” the Sea Dragon King said.

Although Shi Yu was a junior, the Sea Dragon King had already treated Shi Yu as a life form of the same level.

Putting aside the fact that Shi Yu would become a totem-level undead after his death, just Shi Yu’s current battle power… was enough to fight ordinary totems.

If Shi Yu was given a little more time, it would probably be impressive.

“Hehe.” At this moment, Shi Yu was a little embarrassed. He scratched his head shyly and looked at the Sea Dragon King, the Ice Dragon King, and the Immortal Dragon King. “Seniors, what about… Not giving me the benefits that the Poison Dragon Totem might bring into the Dragon God Ruins in the future?”

“You guys can split it.”

The three totem dragon kings were stunned.

Ice Dragon was even more stunned.

Would Shi Yu give up the benefits?

Impossible, definitely impossible!!

It refused to believe it.

“In its state, it definitely won’t be able to enter the Dragon God Ruins in the short term. Why don’t you guys crowd-fund a legendary resource for me to use first, Senior? At that time, I won’t participate in the division of the resources. You guys split it. How about that?”

The Three Dragon Kings : “…”