Chapter 836 - 836 Dragon Transformation Fruit (4)

836 Dragon Transformation Fruit (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“It’s mainly because the World Tournament is too dangerous. If I can obtain a legendary-level resource in advance, my team’s strength can increase greatly. At that time, it can also be safer.”

The three Dragon Kings : “…”

The World Tournament was too dangerous.

As Shi Yu said this, the three Dragon Kings recalled the scene of Iron-eating Beast Eleven crushing the totem-level Poison Dragon with a slap in prison.

Its face darkened.

‘Are you sure?’

He wanted to participate in the world competition of the overlord level. The opponents were all Beast Tamers under the age of 30.

Not a totem battle!

Was he sure that with his battle power, he would be in danger instead of killing everyone randomly?

As long as it didn’t court death, even if the opponent was at the totem level, was it willing to provoke this brat?

“What kind of resource do you want…” The Sea Dragon King hesitated and said.

“You can tell me,” the Immortal Dragon King also said.

The frost dragon widened its eyes. They were crazy. They really listened to him.

Ice Dragon felt that Shi Yu would definitely take two portions when the time came. If he wanted them this time, he would come and split the resources again.

Shi Yu had previously promised it to fly with it after becoming a legendary Beast Tamer. There was no guarantee at all.

These were clearly empty promises.

During the trip to Tingxiang, it had already seen through Shi Yu.

In fact, it was not surprising that the Sea Dragon King and the Immortal Dragon King were willing to listen, because the potential Shi Yu displayed was too terrifying.

After evolving a Mythical pet and contracting the Blue Sea Sprite, the Sea Dragon King even wanted to let the little white dragon cultivate with Shi Yu’s second team. It wasn’t a loss, because Shi Yu looked like he was clearly destined to become a legendary.

Giving resources now was all for the sake of obtaining more returns in the future. Moreover, it wasn’t much of a sacrifice. Didn’t Shi Yu say that it was just an advance payment?

Shi Yu said, “Legendary resources of dragon and wood-element life forms.”

“Or legendary resources of water and ice.”

“Dragon-element, wood-element life form? Water-element, ice-element?” The Sea Dragon King and the others were stunned.

Shi Yu naturally asked about the legendary resources of Dragon Palace City for Buggy and Susu.

He might not necessarily be able to find legendary resources from other departments here.

But if it was dragon and water, it would definitely be foolproof.

Water and ice elements were naturally compatible with Susu. Susu only had one Cold Sky Drop, and the little wallet could no longer keep up.

Which pet in the team wasn’t more generous than it?

Of course, the inheritance of its previous life, the Blue Sea Ruins, was definitely not included. Otherwise, Susu would be the richest.

As for dragon and wood-element life-type resources, they were definitely for Buggy.

As for why it was wood-element and not spiritual, spatial, or even bug-element, it was because the Dragon of Imagination skill was about to reach perfect level.

A perfect-level Dragon of Imagination could evolve into a dragon.

A transcendent-level Dragon of Imagination could surpass dragons and walk its own path.

Dao Proficiency… Who knew?

In the beginning, Shi Yu and Buggy thought of combining the merits of the many half-gods of Dragon Palace City in the Dragon God Statue to evolve into perfect dragons.

But later on, the bigger the heart, the bigger the dream.

Shi Yu wanted Buggy to give it a try and directly use the Four Spirit Green Dragon of Heaven as a template to undergo subsequent evolution. Its power of imagination creation, together with the Green Dragon mural phenomenon in Shi Yu’s memory, in addition to dragon-element, wood-element legendary resources, and the power of the starry sky, might work.

From Eleven, Shi Yu understood that no matter what the channel was, if he wanted to cultivate any special skills, he still needed “compatibility”.

“As for water-element, I don’t have it here,” the Sea Dragon King said.

“But for wood-element, I can think of one,” the Sea Dragon King said. “However, this is the common property of Dragon Palace City. It’s used to reward members who have made huge contributions to Dragon Palace City.”

“Dragon-element, wood-element, life-type legendary resource. The Dragon Transformation Fruit on the Dragon Transformation Fruit Tree can allow pets with non-dragon bloodlines to obtain dragon-element power. Back then, General Sky Penetrating Whale obtained the dragon-element power because of the reward of the Dragon Transformation Fruit.”

“If it’s used by dragon-type pets, the life race will be stronger. It’s considered a strengthening and evolution resource.”

“This kind of fruit only bears one fruit every hundred years. It needs to be nourished by the dragon vein. It’s very rare. More than half of the totem dragon kings need to nod before it can be distributed.”

“Shi Yu, what do you think?”

“If it’s this, we can help you apply. With your contribution, it’s enough. After the Poison Dragon Totem enters the Dragon God Ruins, we’ll calculate it separately. You can still split with us,” the Sea Dragon King said generously, making Ice Dragon beside it make a ‘I told you so’ face.

There was even no need for Shi Yu to mention it himself. This guy could receive two sets!

It was envious.

“Dragon Transformation Fruit?”

Shi Yu was stunned. Dragon Transformation Fruit?

What else could it be? It was it!!

Whether Buggy could evolve into a green dragon depended on this fruit.

At this moment, Shi Yu had actually been considering whether he should contract a second overlord above his level before the world competition.

He had two ideas. The first was to let Baby Ginseng break through. This way, the nourishing effect he obtained would be good. It might not be impossible for him to withstand the burden brought by the two overlords, but it was easy for the Beast Taming Space to collapse.

The other was Buggy’s breakthrough. As a spatial pet, Buggy could receive feedback from strengthening the Beast Taming Space after it evolved and broke through. There was a high chance that it would allow Shi Yu’s Beast Taming Space to break through. However, these weren’t too stable. If Buggy’s evolution and breakthrough didn’t lead Shi Yu to break through, the burden could also directly kill Shi Yu. Therefore, Shi Yu had never made a decision. After all, he had yet to feel anything that could pose a threat to Eleven… It was not easy to choose.