Chapter 832 - 832 Chaotic Panda And Yin Yang Millstone (4)

832 Chaotic Panda and Yin Yang Millstone (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Buzz…

At this moment, the terrifying energy tide made the expressions of the four Dragon Kings change. They knew that the Poison Dragon Totem had started to attack.

The Sea Dragon King and the frost dragon were very familiar with this move. Its destructive power was very powerful. It could instantly destroy a town and raise a monstrous tsunami. At the same time, it also had the effect of poison radiation. It would be very uncomfortable to be hit.

Even when they worked together to destroy the Poison Dragon Totem, they avoided this move. They didn’t want to fight head-on, afraid that they would be infected with poison.

“Leave it to me. Believe me,” Shi Yu said.

At the same time, a summoning array appeared on his shoulder. Eleven, who had just returned to the Beast Taming Space to rest and accumulate strength, was summoned by Shi Yu.

Under the purple summoning array, the Dragon Kings were stunned when they saw Shi Yu summon his Iron-eating Beast.

No way.

This kid, Shi Yu, really wanted to suppress and consume the Poison Dragon Totem alone?

Purification with the power of destruction… What did it mean?!

They didn’t understand.

However, in the next moment, the expressions of the four Dragon Kings changed. Even the top-notch totem, the Golden Dragon King, revealed shocked expressions.

An incomparably terrifying aura was emitted from Shi Yu’s body.

Under the powerful fluctuations, Shi Yu’s eyes revealed a divine power. His eyes were like a spinning black and white Taiji Painting, mysterious and extremely deep.

At the same time, the huge black and white Yin Yang Diagram suddenly covered the “ground” of the entire prison space, forming a domain.

In an instant, the entire prison space turned black and white.

Eleven, who was on Shi Yu’s shoulder, had already leaped up and entered a Mythical state under the enhancement of Shi Yu’s telepathy!

Under the incredulous expressions of the four Dragon Kings, Eleven, who was less than half a meter tall just now, directly erupted with all its strength from its shrunken and restrained state. At this moment, light and darkness appeared on its body, and its body suddenly increased. In a short moment, in midair, it changed into a ten-meter-tall chaos panda form.

In this state, its entire body was blurry, as if it had fallen into a chaotic lightning sea. The black hair was blurry like black electric arcs, and the white hair was blurry like a white electric arc. Yin and Yang lightning lingered around its body.

While still maintaining the appearance of the Iron-eating Beast, its form became extremely shocking, like the first Chaos Thunder God in the world.

“This power…” At this moment, seeing Eleven become like this, the four Dragon Kings were extremely shocked. Especially the Golden Dragon King, who actually sensed power that was not inferior to or even exceeded the invincible overlord, the Golden Dragon Prince, on this pet.

This was the overlord Shi Yu had contracted above his level?

What a joke?!

Moreover!

At this moment, in the prison space, Eleven, who seemed to have just split into Yin and Yang and turned into a very blurry figure, had a circular metal formed in his palm. The metal was also black and white, one yin and one yang, one light and one dark. It was filled with two-colored lightning that fused, converted, and collided. It was extremely mysterious. Everything around him seemed to have turned into chaos, disintegrating and being obliterated.

Buzz…

At this moment, it was as if the prison mystic realm had trembled, and an incomparably deep sound of laws appeared. Under the sound of laws, the expressions of the four Dragon Kings became even more stunned, shocked, and unbelievable.

“Quasi-divine skill!!!” The four Dragon Kings roared in disbelief. At that moment, even their bloodlines felt a pressure!!

Ice Dragon found it even more difficult to understand. It finally knew what the pressure it experienced on Eleven was.

Quasi-divine skill!

How could Shi Yu, this Iron-eating Beast, master a quasi-divine skill!!

At least, before it and Mu Huiyin left, Emperor Shi’s pet didn’t master this kind of thing!

Shi Yu… How was this possible!!

“Let me see if the Yin Yang Millstone can obliterate everything.” Shi Yu’s voice was like the sound of laws, enough to shake space.

“Roar!!!”

Shi Yu and Eleven erupted with all their might. Law power appeared in Eleven’s palm. Then, a stream of air surged, and the Yin Yang Millstone completely formed. Then, under the enlargement, it became larger and larger, as if a millstone enveloped the entire sky.

On the other side, the Poison Dragon Totem’s Poison Dragon Hot Breath had already been spat out, but under the incomparably terrifying suction of the Yin Yang Millstone, the hot Breath instantly distorted. In mid-air, Eleven, who leaped into the sky and evolved, directly slapped the huge Yin Yang Millstone in its hand at the Poison Dragon Totem.

Boom!!!

In an instant, the hot breath was completely swallowed and obliterated by this terrifying millstone. Then, the millstone crossed the void and descended on the Poison Dragon Totem, constantly reversing and spinning. The Poison Dragon Totem was like a bean on the millstone, and its entire body was instantly broken. The poison on its body was instantly obliterated, and the surrounding chains that bound it instantly turned into nothingness.

“Roar!!!” The huge pain made the Poison Dragon Totem let out a world-shaking scream. Then, dazzling light and darkness fluctuations bloomed where it came into contact with the millstone. White and black light instantly enveloped the sky and the ground. Then, with a boom, the huge Poison Dragon was deep in the explosion. The hundred-meter-tall body it stood on was directly flipped over and fell backward, smashing into huge waves.

After it fell to the ground, it instantly let out a miserable roar.

A totem was directly heavily injured by this attack.

However, at this moment, Shi Yu said with a pale expression, “It seems to be really possible. This move can indeed obliterate poison, radiation, and all other substances.”

“It’s just too difficult to control. I don’t dare to attack its mind and soul at all. I’m afraid I still have to let Susu undergo a more comprehensive cleansing.”

“Seniors, see? We can do it ourselves.”

Before the world competition… he had to perfect and familiarize himself with the Yin Yang Millstone and use it more!

Otherwise, it would definitely not be convenient to use it when the time came.

“Wuu!!!” In mid-air, after succeeding in one hit, Eleven returned to its restrained form. Seeing this, Susu let out a cry and shook its head, indicating that in terms of cleansing, it still had to rely on it.

Physical cleansing was unreliable! It was easy to die.

At this moment, Shi Yu made a judgment, but it directly shattered the values of the four Dragon Kings. They widened their dragon eyes and looked at Eleven, who had returned to its mini Iron-eating Beast form, in shock.

F*ck, the Golden Dragon King’s heart seemed to have exploded. This was the overlord Shi Yu contracted above his level???

It looked at the broken body on the ground. There was no longer any poison on its body. Even the Immortal Dragon King and it were helpless when it came to cleansing. After the Poison Dragon Totem that couldn’t be cleansed turned into a clean and hygienic dragon totem, it was momentarily unable to accept it!

The Sea Dragon King, the Ice Dragon King, and the Immortal Dragon King widened their eyes and looked at the Poison Dragon Totem on the ground. For a moment, they didn’t know what to think.

‘It was just too difficult to control’? ‘It didn’t dare to attack its mind and soul at all’? ‘It probably was better to let Susu cleanse it’?

Human language?

He meant that he’s afraid of attacking its spirit and soul and completely killing it?

Even if the Poison Dragon Totem was in a weakened state, this was still a totem. Don’t casually say such terrifying words, alright!!

He was a f*cking level-six Beast Tamer!

Quasi-divine skill… But soon, every totem dragon king sensed the real reason behind this series of terrifying phenomena in extreme shock.

They were stunned. Shi Yu’s pet had actually cultivated a quasi-divine skill!!!

The Golden Dragon King opened its mouth slightly. It couldn’t understand why an overlord-level life form could cultivate a quasi-divine skill. It also couldn’t understand why an overlord contracted by a level-six Beast Tamer above its level was not inferior to the invincible Golden Dragon Crown Prince it had spent a lot of effort to nurture before erupting with a quasi-divine skill.

When it recalled that it didn’t recommend Shi Yu to participate in the world competition previously, the Golden Dragon King was stunned.

However, when it thought of how a level-six Beast Tamer could compete for the championship in the world competition where top-notch overlords were everywhere, it was even more stunned.

Great God Ancestral Dragon above, who could tell it what was going on?

“Wh-what’s going on!!!” When the frost dragon saw that Shi Yu had the strength to suppress the totem in one hit, it directly broke through its defense and looked at Shi Yu and Eleven with an explosive expression.

Shi Yu smiled and said, “Didn’t I tell you? Eleven evolved a bit. This is the Chaos Panda form and its skill, Yin Yang Millstone.”

Ice Dragon: You call this a bit???