Chapter 837 - 837 Spirit Taiji Domain

837 Spirit Taiji Domain

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Dragon Palace City.

Shi Yu didn’t wait long before the Dragon Transformation Fruit was sent over.

The so-called public assets of Dragon Palace City that could only be distributed with the agreement of more than half of the Dragon Kings… Shi Yu felt that it was not difficult at all.

The Sea Dragon King and his wife took two votes, and Ice Dragon took another vote. That was three votes.

As they were going to distribute it to Shi Yu, the other Dragon Kings wouldn’t have any objections.

After all, at the moment, Shi Yu was a popular person beside the Dragon God. Apart from that, Shi Yu had also purified a totem battle power for Dragon Palace City. It should be credited to the Environmental Protection Department.

Therefore, it was not difficult to obtain the Dragon Transformation Fruit.

“Mother Dragon, are you going or not?”

At this moment, with the resources in hand, Shi Yu was already prepared to leave Dragon Palace City.

However, before leaving, Shi Yu invited the frost dragon to the world competition again to help him.

“Let’s talk about it later.”

Ice Dragon was annoyed. It wanted to go but didn’t want to.

Inatella sounded very dangerous. When the time came, totems would definitely be everywhere. There would even be demigods.

It didn’t believe that nothing would happen to the seven countries and the totem country.

But if it didn’t go, it would be worried and curious about Chi Tong’s situation.

“Alright,” Shi Yu said helplessly. “Then I’ll leave first.”

“Go first,” the frost dragon said without any reluctance.

After Shi Yu left, the frost dragon looked at the place where Shi Yu left in silence.

A Mythical race had evolved.

As expected of its Beast Tamer, she really knew how to choose people.

Although it wasn’t good to ask for a level-six Beast Tamer like this, Ice Dragon hoped that Shi Yu could win the world competition.

It would be a pity to miss such an invincible achievement.

“Sigh, if only she was still here.”

It missed Mu Huiyin a little and wanted her to see how it looked after breaking through to the totem level. This thousand-year-old dragon sighed in the deep Dragon Palace.

Without the people they interacted with day and night beside them, they couldn’t feel energetic doing anything.

…

After Shi Yu came out of Dragon Palace City, he felt that nothing big had happened recently.

There was less than a month left until the World Tournament. Soon, the Dong Huang team should set off for Rongguang.

The contestants of the World Tournament of the seven countries would gather in Rongguang.

If he remembered correctly, tomorrow, the ten contestants of Dong Huang’s World Tournament would still have a meeting in the capital regarding the World Tournament.

As seventh in the Sequence, he also received an invitation.

Shi Yu didn’t care much about this.

What concerned him was that the seven countries seemed to be holding an archeological conference at Rongguang.

“Archeological Conference, two Mythical resources, a pile of legendary resources…”

Shi Yu had long told President Lin their research results, which was the conclusion that the reason for the extinction of Blue Planet’s Mythical Era was an extraterrestrial faction, to let him prepare in advance.

President Lin was naturally very gratified that Shi Yu could obtain useful information from the Kirin Beast. However, this information really made the ruler’s balls hurt and he fell silent.

Ordinary people might not have to care about any world-destroying crisis at all, but as the leader of a country’s Beast Tamers, Lin Xiao had to take it seriously.

At this moment, Shi Yu was conflicted about another problem.

Although he had told President Lin about the gains of the Kirin Dream Illusion, no one in Dong Huang knew that the Wind Kirin had already advanced to a Mythical race.

Just like how the racial levels of other fossil phantom beasts would decrease after reviving, when the Kirin Phantom first revived, it wasn’t a Mythical race either. It all relied on the subsequent Mythical Revival skills to increase.

Should he greet President Lin? After all, if he used a quasi-divine skill in the World Tournament, regardless of whether he could win the championship, he would definitely become the target of all factions’ attention. He would even receive greater attention than the championship.

The first champion of the World Tournament, Lin Feng of Dong Huang, the second champion, a certain Beast Tamer from Xue Yuan, and the third champion, a certain Beast Tamer from Shen Feng, didn’t have Mythical pets.

However, Shi Yu was relatively relieved that the Dragon God and the Elven Empress had both expressed that they would watch the world competition and let Shi Yu perform at ease without any worries.

“I wonder if the mechanical legendary will awaken in the World Tournament,” Shi Yu pondered.

….

Shi Yu swam and flew before finally returning to Dong Huang.

His destination was to go straight to the capital and wait for the meeting tomorrow. He planned to stay in the ruins space for the night.

The next morning, after resting fully, Shi Yu got Buggy to teleport him to the headquarters of the Imperial Capital Association.

“Legend Zhou.” Outside the association headquarters, Shi Yu drank the milk tea made by Baby Ginseng for breakfast and walked straight into the association. In the past, it might have been fine not to eat breakfast, but recently, his health had been poor. He had to nourish himself as much as possible.

Just as he arrived at the door, Shi Yu heard the respectful greetings of the two guards. He looked in front and saw a familiar fatty who had just come over to prepare to enter.

“Thank you for your work.” Sequence six, Zhou Ming, nodded, making the two guards smile. However, they were immediately stunned. They looked behind Zhou Ming and immediately said, “Dr. Shi Yu?”

Dr. Shi Yu?

Zhou Ming also suddenly turned around and realized that a young man holding a milk tea was walking behind with a sleepy expression.

Zhou Ming : “…”

Sequence seven, number one person below legend, Shi Yu!

Zhou Ming had even challenged Shi Yu, but he was ignored by Shi Yu. At this moment, this was the first time Zhou Ming had seen Shi Yu in person. He was speechless when he saw Shi Yu’s tired and sleepy look.

Why was this spirit like the students from the high school next door? He didn’t look like a young man at all. He didn’t have any vitality at all.