Chapter 838 - 838 Spirit Taiji Domain (2)

838 Spirit Taiji Domain (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Good morning.” Shi Yu also greeted simply before looking at Zhou Ming. “Legend Zhou Ming?”

“It’s me.” Zhou Ming chuckled and said, “Nice to meet you, Dr. Shi Yu. I’ve heard so much about you.”

“Same, same.” Shi Yu was immediately amused. Wasn’t this that unlucky guy?

Originally, he was third in the initial ranking. In the end, as Zheng Hai and Lu Qingyi broke through, along with the noble’s son, Legend Jiang Tianyang, who spent money to cultivate, Zhou Ming was directly beaten to sixth place. He was in pain from the loss of resources.

Therefore, Shi Yu didn’t have to care about his challenge at all. When the settlement ended, he would fall down himself.

“Dr. Shi Yu, let’s go in.” Zhou Ming sighed in his heart. He looked at Shi Yu and his troubled brother who was in the same boat.

He and Shi Yu were so miserable.

Initially, they were all in the top five of the Sequence, but who knew that the guys behind were so beastly? They immediately squeezed them down.

In an instant, Zhou Ming felt a sense of appreciation for Shi Yu.

Legend, and the number one person below legendary… Although they were glorious, who else knew the pain of missing legendary resources?

“Alright.” Shi Yu and Zhou Ming entered the association building together and arrived at the conference room of the higher-ups. At this moment, there were quite a lot of people here. Eight of the top ten of the Sequence had already arrived.

Shi Yu and the others were the last to arrive.

First in the Sequence was the legendary Beast Tamer, Ye Xing, who was wearing a military uniform and had sharp eyebrows and starry eyes.

He was the grandson of the Titled General of Dong Huang, commanding the current strongest monarch-level army of Dong Huang, the Star Army.

Second in the Sequence, he was wearing a white ancient suit with an elegant aura. There was a divine bell that never left his side with a sword.

As a descendant of the mechanical legendary Shen Yuan, this person was extremely mysterious.

Third in the Sequence, the leader of the Heavenly Ji Group, the legend noble son, Jiang Tianyang, was wearing a formal suit. He smiled as he looked at Shi Yu and the others who entered.

The Tianji Group was born from the Talent Group and Century Group, two of the five major financial groups of Dong Huang. Jiang Tianyang’s parents were the core figures of the two major financial groups.

Sequence four, Tyrannical Sea Legend disciple, Zheng Hai. Sequence five, Lu Qingyi from an archeological family.

There was also Sequence 8, Bureau 10’s Ji Feng, Sequence 9, Zou Yun, the Heavenly King Zou, and Sequence 10, Bureau 4’s Gao Xuan.

In addition, the Sequence 7 Shi Yu who had just entered and the Sequence 6 mutated fusion talent, Legend Zhou Ming, were all present.

There were a total of six legends and four top-notch masters who could defeat overlords. Compared to the only two legendary contestants of the Seven Islands and Tingxiang, this lineup could be said to be extremely luxurious.

When Zhou Ming entered, no one felt anything. However, when Shi Yu arrived, many people’s moods began to change.

In order to rest more, Shi Yu woke up almost at the same time, unwilling to waste any rest. Therefore, just as he arrived, President Lin, the organizer of this meeting, arrived.

“Everyone, sit.”

After President Lin arrived, he nodded at everyone and sat at the innermost seat.

“The Sequence ranking has already ended for a period of time. I summoned you here this time to do the final mobilization of the World Tournament.”

Everyone nodded.

President Lin said, “I roughly have two things to say.”

“Firstly, you have to know that the world competition is a stage where ‘individuals’ compete. On the surface, there’s only one ‘champion’ honor.”

“In the world competition, every one of you will be opponents.”

“But in fact, many contestants aren’t going for the honor of the champion, but to obtain a certain amount of opportunities in the Mythical Ruins of Inatella.”

“What I want to say is that regardless of whether it’s to fight for the ‘champion’ or the ‘opportunity’, you’re all from Dong Huang after all. In the World Tournament, you’ll be a whole. If the rules allow, you have to help each other.”

“Otherwise, it’s very difficult to survive in this chaotic world competition alone.”

“In addition, there’s a deeper meaning to this world competition. Apart from participating normally, Lu Qingyi and Shi Yu, the two archeologists, have the important mission of exploring the ruins. They will be your first protection targets.”

“In addition, there’s a deeper meaning to this world competition. Apart from participating normally, Lu Qingyi and Shi Yu, the two archeologists, have the important mission of exploring the ruins. They will be your first protection targets.”

Ji Feng, Zou Yun, and Gao Xuan looked at Shi Yu in silence and were a little envious. Everyone was at level six, but Shi Yu had a bunch of legendary bodyguards… However, they also understood that the two archeologists, Lu and Shi, might be the key to them obtaining a huge opportunity in Inatella.

Other countries with rich foundations should have similar configurations.

One or two main combatants went to fight for the championship position. The rest surrounded the important archeologists to harvest opportunities in the ruins. As long as there were gains, it was not a loss. If the gains were small, they would stop while they were ahead. If the gains were relatively large, they might be able to break through on the spot and join the team fighting for the championship.

“The second thing is the final sprint. You still have about half a month to prepare. You should have more or less digested the resource reward for the Sequence ranking, right?”

“In the final stage, each of you can also apply for the final resources from the Dong Huang Association.”

“As long as you have a reasonable reason to explain the need to do this, even if it’s another legendary resource, we can distribute it.”