Chapter 843 - 843 Mechanical Legendary Awakening (4)

843 Mechanical Legendary Awakening (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

In the past year of preparing for the World Tournament, Shi Yu wasn’t the only one who was crazily increasing his strength.

These originally incomparably powerful second-generation geniuses were also using the power of the country’s machine to increase their strength crazily through their own methods.

“Wait for this Shi Yu. If his strength can satisfy me, I can bring him to the starry sky,” Divine Source Legendary said. “Who can stop a young man from pursuing the dream of becoming a champion?”

“Moreover, the information he provided about the Mythical Era might be able to obtain a Mythical resource for Dong Huang.”

President Lin said, “Yeah.”

….

After Shi Yu arrived at the capital, he arrived at the agreed location with President Lin.

This place was in the suburbs, the hometown of Divine Source Legendary. At this moment, it was rare for it to wake up and temporarily transfer its consciousness to the machine to move around. Divine Source chose to look around.

“Little Lin, your strength hasn’t improved at all compared to before.”

Accompanied by Divine Source Legendary, Lin Xiao, the president of Dong Huang, became without any dignity and was constantly criticized by Divine Source.

“It looks like it’s a little difficult to rely on you to become Dong Huang’s new legendary.”

“Compared to Lin Feng, you’re much worse.”

Lin Xiao kept smiling bitterly and said, “Senior Divine Source, my talent is limited. After using so many resources, I’m still a level-eight Beast Tamer. I can’t see any hope of breaking through. I’ve been disappointing.”

“Sigh.” Divine Source Legendary sighed. However, Lin Xiao had the help of a bunch of totem-level lives. Although he wasn’t a legend, it wasn’t something other Titled Legends could compare to.

At that time, in the battle between him and Lin Feng, both parties took a step back. He chose to give up on war, and Lin Feng was willing to nurture a totem-level second team pet with all his might to become the guardian of Dong Huang in exchange for thousands of years of peaceful development.

After that, Lin Xiao, Lin Feng’s most talented descendant, inherited the command of these totems.

Because of this, when President Lin Xiao established the 13 Bureaus of Dong Huang, the first bureau he thought of was the Totem Bureau.

“I wonder who the next legendary of Dong Huang will be. I hope he won’t be born in troubled times again.” Divine Source Legendary also knew that legendaries weren’t that easy to come into being. If legends could still rely on the kindness of their ancestors to become legends, it was different for legendaries. Even if their parents were legendaries, it wasn’t that easy.

“From the looks of it, the possibility of Shi Yu is the highest, but his Beast Taming Talent can’t increase his battle power. Even if he becomes a legend, it’s very difficult for him to match a demigod like the legendaries of the past.”

“At the same time, Ye Xing, Divine Bell, and the others are still a little inferior. The possibility is even smaller than Shi Yu. However, if they have any opportunities in the World Tournament, that might not be the case.”

“In the end, it’s better to take it one step at a time… Alright… He’s here.” In the mountain, Divine Source Legendary flying in midair looked at the sky.

President Lin also looked over.

They saw a young man in a blue casual suit flying in the sky towards them under the wrap of Psychic power.

“President Lin.” After Shi Yu found him, he slowly descended and said, “It’s been so hard on me.”

“Uh, this…” He looked at the silver robot.

< Name > ???

[Attributes]: Machinery

Energy Points: ???

Totem-level little robot?

Shi Yu was stunned. President Lin immediately said, “Shi Yu, this is Senior Divine Source. His consciousness is temporarily attached to this robot.”

“Divine Source Legendary?!” Shi Yu was shocked as he looked at the circular silver one-eyed robot.

It was rather shocking.

What taste was this.

“Senior Divine Source!” Shi Yu immediately greeted obediently.

“Mm.” The little robot observed Shi Yu.

“Shi Yu, I know you. The mechanical phantom beast system you developed has opened a new chapter in the Mechanic class. It’s difficult to imagine that you’re an archeologist and have only come into contact with the Mechanic class recently.”

Shi Yu smiled and said, “It’s all thanks to the pets. Their powers combined and coincidentally created such a miracle.”

“You want to go to the starry sky?”

“You want to go to the starry sky to help the mechanical phantom beast system, and the Butterfly of Imagination that played a key role in evolution and breakthrough?”

“Yes.” Shi Yu nodded.

“Why must we go to the starry sky?”

Shi Yu said, “Because its skill, the Dragon of Imagination, is a dragon transformation evolution skill that can decide the evolution direction on its own. We also obtained the legendary resource, the Green Sky Divine Dragon Dragon Dragon Ball, in Dragon Palace City. The owner of this dragon ball is a half-god of Dragon Palace City who evolved towards the Green Dragon as a template. Therefore, we also decided to evolve towards the Green Dragon as a template.”

“The Green Dragon is one of the Four Spirits of Heaven and a constellation god, so the evolution effect in the starry sky will be better than on Blue Planet.”

“Apart from the Green Sky Divine Dragon Dragon Ball, we’ve also prepared other evolution resources. We’re already completely prepared.”

Green Sky Divine Dragon Dragon Ball?

President Lin also didn’t know that Shi Yu had obtained this resource from Mother Dragon.

Although he didn’t know what other resources Shi Yu had prepared, with this Dragon Ball around, it could indeed maximize the value of resources by evolving towards the Green Dragon as a template.

“An insect turning into a butterfly, a butterfly turning into a dragon?” Divine Source Legendary said. “The Green Dragon evolution path is a path that no Beast Tamer has been able to complete since ancient times, even if it’s a legendary Beast Tamer.”

“Many Dragon Gods in Dragon Palace City have tried, but they all failed.”

“Do you know what it takes to be successful if you evolve towards the Green Dragon as a template?”

Shi Yu said, “Faith skill.”