Chapter 840 - 840 Mechanical Legendary Awakening

840 Mechanical Legendary Awakening

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Ping Cheng.

Legendary ruins.

A white research institute was wrapped in a starry sky.

Recently, Ling had been studying the “strength of the starry sky” hard.

The power of the starry sky was a vast school of learning.

Basically, people called the power system outside Blue Planet the power of the starry sky.

Including the power of the sun and the power of the moonlight, they were all the power of the starry sky.

Therefore, the power system of the entire Blue Planet was definitely like a drop in the ocean compared to the power of the starry sky.

Therefore, it was especially difficult to study.

However, be it hatching the Space Beast Egg or the evolution of Buggy, it seemed to be inseparable from the power of the starry sky.

Shi Yu and the others could only spend effort to open new projects.

For this, Shi Yu even handed the Four Symbols Star Formation to Buggy and the others, not letting go of any channels to study the power of the starry sky.

After some research, Shi Yu and the others’ greatest gain was that the effect of the purple strange water ball summoned in Tingxiang gradually became clearer.

This thing was actually a growth resource.

It could devour other strange water that contained the power of the starry sky and grow on its own.

The upper limit of growth was legendary, but the premise was to devour enough cosmic strange water.

After that, using this purple strange water ball could obtain more effects.

For example, if it swallowed the strange water that strengthened the power of water and light, then after using it, its effect was also to strengthen the power of water and light. It was a resource that could fuse and magnify the effect of the strange water.

At the same time, after using it, the user and the power of the starry sky would be more amiable.

Fortunately, the ball of cosmic strange water Shi Yu and the others had obtained had already swallowed enough cosmic strange water before descending. It was not far from its upper limit, the legendary level.

Otherwise, its phenomenon at that time wouldn’t have been so obvious.

However, although they had figured out what this purple strange water ball was, Shi Yu and the others still didn’t know if it was the nutritional substance needed by the Space Beast Egg.

Even Ling had yet to develop anything. It probably had to go to Rongguang to take a look at the final power of starlight to confirm.

However, this didn’t matter. Shi Yu didn’t plan to give this purple strange water to the Space Beast Egg.

Love wouldn’t disappear, but it would transfer.

Even if it was really the nutrition needed by the Space Beast Egg, it had to be first come, first served. He planned to let Buggy use this purple strange water ball.

A long time ago, in order to help An Chang’s Dragon Carp evolve, Baby Ginseng and Buggy had jointly made a “Dragon Transformation Fruit”. Of course, although it had the same name as the Dragon Transformation Fruit of Dragon Palace City, this was definitely not a legendary resource.

At this moment, Shi Yu really had the legendary resource, the Dragon Transformation Fruit. It was a dual-element evolution resource for dragons and wood, representing life force.

Therefore, Shi Yu was wondering if he could use the Space Mutated Water and the Dragon Transformation Fruit as evolution resources to assist the evolution of Buggy.

Among them, the legendary Starry Sky Strange Water was in charge of increasing the cosmic affinity of Buggy. Its all-encompassing nature could also increase the power of Buggy’s imagination.

In addition to the Green Dragon phenomenon hidden in the depths of his spiritual soul, he could give it a try!

These days, Susu’s mission was to constantly summon the strange water and help the starry sky strange water complete the final upgrade.

Ling’s mission was to constantly analyze and study it. In the end, Ling came to a conclusion.

It could allow Buggy to break through and evolve before the world competition.

It was the conclusion it came to after combining Shi Yu’s physique, level, and level with Buggy and Baby Ginseng.

Before the world competition, he could try to break through with a second overlord and contract two overlords above his level.

After its strict calculations and consideration of various situations, the feedback of the spatial attribute after the worm evolved could 100% let Shi Yu bear the price of contracting two overlords.

Even if it couldn’t break through to level seven, the strengthened Beast Taming Space wouldn’t have the risk of collapsing.

At the same time, the feedback of his mental strength could also allow Shi Yu to better resist the consumption.

Of course, it could only be Buggy breaking through. If Baby Ginseng broke through, with only the feedback of vitality and recovery power, although Shi Yu could also better withstand the contract above his level, the Beast Taming Space definitely couldn’t withstand it.

Therefore, Ling’s suggestion was to let Buggy evolve and break through. Then, in the last period of time, in terms of adding points, it would mainly increase Baby Ginseng’s plant control to increase its nourishing effect.

Therefore, in the last half a month, Shi Yu and the others studied the evolution of Buggy.

Since Ling had said that there was no problem, Shi Yu was naturally willing to have another overlord before the world competition.

It was already very impressive for a level-six Beast Tamer in a totem country to contract an overlord above his level.

On his side, he wanted to contract two overlords above his level as a level-six Beast Tamer… It was simply more exploitative than the totem country.

In order to win more steadily and confidently, Shi Yu endured it.

“Am I a humanoid ferocious beast…”

However, the final problem was that there was no suitable breakthrough environment.

Ling believed that if possible, it was best to evolve in the starry sky.

Coupled with the power of imagination of Buggy, it could ensure that it matched the green dragon form to the greatest extent after evolution.

The evolution environment was also an evolution resource.

Evolution in the starry sky…

Ling would make things difficult for Shi Yu. Even if their current strength was extraordinary, they didn’t have the ability to break out of Blue Planet…

However, Shi Yu didn’t have it himself, but Dong Huang did.

Shi Yu quickly thought of Dong Huang’s spaceship and rocket.

Decades ago, Dong Huang had already succeeded in exploring the moon and obtained the ability to reach the starry sky.