Chapter 845 - 845 Mechanical Legendary Awakening (6)

845 Mechanical Legendary Awakening (6)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“As for why it’s so strong, it might be because it ate a little too many resources.” Shi Yu smiled and scratched his head. “President Lin, I got Eleven to eat all eleven meteorite fragments and the two legendary resources applied from the association, Aurora Magnetic Gold.”

“Then, it became like this.”

Legend of Divine Source and President Lin were rather silent.

“As for why I’ce already contracted an overlord above its level and still want to contract a second one, that’s because the physique feedback it gives me after breaking through and evolution is still very strong.”

“Evolution?” President Lin said. “Has it already evolved into the trump card of Emperor Wu in history, the Demon God Iron-eating Beast?”

Shi Yu shook his head and said, “No, we developed a new evolution path on the basis of Emperor Wu’s Iron-eating Beast.”

“Through the Aurora Magnetic Gold and the meteorite fragment, it completed the evolution of light and darkness. Apart from comprehending the Demon God Body and completely adapting to its new form, it even converted the White Thunder skill into a racial skill. Apart from that, it also awakened the greatest trump card for us to fight in the world competition!”

New evolution path!

Light and darkness evolution!

Divine Source and President Lin, who knew about Emperor Wu’s Iron-eating Beast, were clearly stunned.

He didn’t expect Shi Yu to actually develop a new evolution path with a mature template like Emperor Wu’s trump card.

Moreover…

Buzz!

The sound of laws spread.

An invisible aura enveloped the mountains.

“Wuu!” At this moment, as Eleven stretched out its palm, a black and white metal millstone surrounded by lightning formed. The surrounding space instantly trembled.

On the other side, the pupils of the Mechanical Legendary and President Lin constricted.

At this moment, several pets in President Lin’s Beast Taming Space even woke up at the same time. They revealed shocked expressions and sensed an extremely terrifying threat.

It was as if a god had descended.

“This…” The Mechanical Legendary red eye that had turned into a circular robot was extremely shocked. It looked at the Yin Yang Millstone in Eleven’s hand in disbelief and also felt a suppression from the ‘laws’.

The two big shots looked at the Iron-eating Beast in front of Shi Yu in confusion.

Mythical race, quasi-divine skill!

Shi Yu’s new evolution path evolved this pet into Mythical?!

At this moment, Divine Source, who knew the evolution legend Lin Feng, and Lin Feng’s descendant, was extremely shocked when he saw Shi Yu, who had achieved something that even Lin Feng couldn’t.

“The strength of an invincible overlord, in addition to a quasi-divine skill, Senior Divine Source, President Lin, do you think this strength is justifiable for me to be confident of competing for the world competition champion?”

“It’s alright if it’s not enough,” Shi Yu said and continued to summon Ling.

Under the purple array, wind fluctuations lingered. Ling appeared in the outside world in the form of a Wind Kirin.

At the moment, it was the only pet not suppressed by Eleven’s quasi-divine skill. Although its level was inferior to Eleven, it was still a Mythical race.

“Wind Kirin Beast.”

At this moment, when they saw Ling, Divine Source Legendary, and President Lin, their expressions changed again.

Energy Points: 21,160,000

But…

Buzz.

The sound of laws spread again.

A wind of luck lingered around Ling.

Ever since the Mythical Revival Point reached perfect level, Ling could begin to control the Wind Blessing. It could wrap around its body on its own and make the effect better. However, it couldn’t bless others yet. It could only let others freeload through fusion.

Without a doubt, at this moment, Ling, who had taken the initiative to evolve into a Mythical state and used a quasi-divine skill, was also a Mythical race. It also triggered the voice of laws.

Boom!!!

The two sounds of laws collided, and the surrounding space instantly tore apart. With a loud bang, the sky suddenly darkened, as if the world had ended. Shocking lightning roared in the sky.

“Ling, who revived into a mechanical phantom beast through the Wind Kirin fossil, also successfully evolved into a Mythical race under subsequent upgrades. Although it’s only at the monarch level now, in the Mythical state, it’s not impossible to defeat a top-notch overlord with the help of a quasi-divine skill. The quasi-divine skill, Wind Blessing, is even a skill of luck. It might be able to bring about some unexpected gains in the World Tournament.”

“So if the Butterfly of Imagination can still evolve and break through, I think that in the World Tournament, no matter who the opponent is, they shouldn’t be able to stop us.”

At this moment, Divine Source Legendary felt that it had yet to wake up and was still sleeping.

Two Mythical races?

What a joke.

Could it be that… the Mythical Era was really about to descend again?

Otherwise, why would Mythical races appear one after another like it was super common?

He looked at President Lin. Was this what he meant by ‘might not be inferior to Divine Bell’? ‘Still inferior to Zhao Yexing’?

Starry sky? Damn it, why couldn’t they go?

President Lin was speechless… ◑o◐