Chapter 846 - 846 The Strongest Foundation Of The World Tournament (1)

846 The Strongest Foundation of the World Tournament (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Two pets with quasi-divine skills…

What did it mean?

It meant that as long as their growth level increased to the totem level, in addition to quasi-divine skills, they would definitely have demigod battle power.

Under normal circumstances, legendary Beast Tamers could contract totem-level pets.

However, even if it was a legendary, the contracted totem wouldn’t be a totem demigod at the top of Blue Planet’s life.

They were basically ordinary totems and top-notch totems.

At most, it would rely on the enhancement of his Beast Taming Talent and the number advantage of multiple pets to obtain strength comparable to a demigod.

Restricted by resources, talent, and lifespan, it was too difficult for human Beast Tamers to personally nurture demigod battle power.

However, Shi Yu directly had the foundation of three demigods.

How could Divine Source Legendary and President Lin not be shocked? It was fine if it was the Blue Sea Sprite, which was the reincarnation of a demigod. Shi Yu was lucky that it acknowledged him as master. That was fine.

However, didn’t Shi Yu’s Iron-eating Beast come from a loan from the breeding base?

Didn’t he develop this mechanical phantom beast himself?

It could also cultivate a quasi-divine skill?

Most importantly, they weren’t even five years old!

For a moment, even the knowledgeable Divine Source Legendary, who had even relied on a forbidden weapon to destroy a demigod, was stunned by Shi Yu’s luxurious lineup.

It was precisely because he had destroyed the demigod life form that threatened Dong Huang that he understood how rare and terrifying demigod battle power was. If he wanted to kill it, he had to pay a huge price.

At this moment, Divine Source Legendary and President Lin recalled the conversation just now…

Even if Shi Yu stepped into the legendary level, it was very difficult for him to fight against demigods like other legendaries because of his Beast Taming Talent.

Now, they wanted to slap themselves. Even if they didn’t consider the unstable factor of the Blue Sea Sprite, Shi Yu also had two pets that would definitely become demigods!!

What? Worried that Shi Yu couldn’t reach level nine, worried that his pets couldn’t reach the totem level?

Meaningless worry. At this moment, even Divine Source Legendary felt that Shi Yu was very likely to win the world competition when he saw Shi Yu’s two pets.

After being blessed by the World Tree, even if he didn’t level up quickly like Legend Lin Feng, under the growth of Mythical pets, Legendary was definitely not a problem.

There was even less to worry about the growth of pets. For the sake of making them the level of demigod, Dong Huang would invest resources even if it had to use all its national strength!

A living demigod was an existence even more threatening than a divine forbidden weapon.

“Two quasi-divine skills, two quasi-divine skills…”

Divine Source Legendary was silent for a moment before he couldn’t help but ask, “How did you do it? It’s not as simple as just relying on evolution resources, right?”

Shi Yu’s words were simple, but Divine Source knew that the truth was definitely not that easy.

It was impossible to pile up quasi-divine skills with resources alone.

Otherwise, which legendary in history wasn’t a genius?

Which legendary couldn’t come into contact with legendary resources or even Mythical resources?

In fact, it wasn’t like there weren’t legendary big shots who used Mythical resources to evolve pets.

But even so, no quasi-divine skill had appeared.

“It’s alright if you don’t want to say it,” the legendary said.

“Eleven can cultivate a quasi-divine skill and evolve into a Mythical race. Compared to evolution materials, I think it’s more likely because I developed my telepathy talent a second time through the ‘Talent Bead’.”

“Then, through the new skill of the mind domain, I can assist in the quasi-divine skill it masters.”

“However… I feel that this path is very difficult for others to replicate. This is because even if I also have the Talent Bead, the talent can’t be the same as mine. Because I ate the Undying Fruit, my physique talent became a little special. This is the main reason why I developed my talent deeply,” Shi Yu said part of the truth.

Of course, the greatest reason why others couldn’t replicate it was that others weren’t transmigrators.

Apart from the Undying Fruit and telepathy, the power brought by his previous life was also very important.

In his previous life, there were hundreds of ruins explored by Shi Yu.

Among them, after transmigrating, through the memories of the memory water drop, two ruins left a very deep impression on Shi Yu.

One was a ruin with a Taiji Yin Yang Fish mural, and the other was a ruin with a Green Dragon Painting mural.

These two ruins were not simple ordinary ruins, but ruins that contained transcendent laws.

At that time, Shi Yu didn’t notice, but now that he recalled it, the transcendent divine essence he “saw” was clearly branded in his heart.

Moreover, these extraordinary divine powers could be augmented on pets!

Shi Yu felt that it was a pity. If only he had come into contact with more ruins that contained divine power at that time.

For example, another Vermillion Bird Divine Accumulation.

At the moment, the Taiji Painting and Green Dragon Painting in his heart were only enough for Eleven and Buggy to come into contact.

There were too few.

It was not enough for the pets to split.

If other pets wanted to enjoy the same treatment, they would probably have to wait for his subsequent research.

For example, letting Chi Tong and Susu enjoy the enhancement of the Yin Yang power of Taiji under the fusion state. After all, they were also Yin and Yang.

He wondered if a similar situation could happen in the ruins of this world.

Otherwise, he really wanted to return to Earth and spend a few days searching through the ruins of Earth.

Divine Source Legendary and President Lin were slightly stunned.

Through the Talent Bead… he developed the telepathy talent for the second time?!

He… succeeded?

Shi Yu naturally reported the fact that he had obtained the legendary Yue Maiden Talent Bead and plundered Legend Bai Chuan’s Beast Taming Talent in the totem era.

Shi Yu’s idea at that time was to try to deeply develop his telepathy talent through the Talent Bead.