Chapter 842 - 842 Mechanical Legendary Awakening (3)

842 Mechanical Legendary Awakening (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

As for Legendary Lin Feng, Shi Yu analyzed through various clues. Lin Feng didn’t want to start a war not because he loved peace, but most likely because he was in the seven countries. He had female confidants in many totem countries. It would be very difficult to end a war…

The reason why Shi Yu didn’t want to see Divine Source Legendaryary wasn’t because he had left romantic debts everywhere like Lin Feng. However, he was lazy and was very afraid that Divine Source Legendaryary would pull him along and give him some mission to unify the world.

But now… it didn’t matter.

In order to go to the starry sky, he had to ask the Mechanical Legendary. As long as he could help him, he was a good person.

Moreover, after the battle with Lin Feng, perhaps some thoughts of the Mechanical Legendary had been changed.

….

Imperial Capital.

After the Mechanical Legendary Divine Source woke up, he transferred his consciousness to the machine.

President Lin Xiao looked at the Mechanical Legendary in front of him and was speechless.

It was a spherical silver mechanical life form with metal limbs and a red eye. It flew in the sky.

In size, it was the size of a football.

It was very cute.

It looked like a child’s remote control toy in a mechanical store.

“Senior Divine Source, your appearance…”

The silver robot’s red eye glanced at Lin Xiao and said, “There’s a shortage of mechanical materials that can accommodate my consciousness. It’s already very difficult to create such a body.”

“I see. By the way, Senior Divine Source, what do you think of the thing I transmitted to you previously?”

A few days ago, President Lin had transmitted the matter of Shi Yu wanting to go to the starry sky to evolve his pet to the half-sleeping Mechanical Legendary.

However, he never received an answer until now when Divine Source finally woke up. President Lin asked again.

“The young man who developed the mechanical phantom beast?”

The red eye of the silver robot flickered and said, “The current number one person below the legends of Dong Huang. The Iron-eating Beast has the inheritance of Emperor Wu. The Butterfly of Imagination has mastered the prototype of a creation-type law. The ginseng baby with top-notch time-type skills and he has obtained the recognition of the heroic spirit of an ancient general. He contracted the Blue Sea Sprite Reincarnation… He even ate the Mythical Undying Fruit.”

“Looks like another talented Beast Tamer has appeared in Dong Huang in this generation, and he’s a Beast Tamer with legendary aptitude.”

“Yeah.” President Lin nodded.

Divine Source Legendary said, “Unfortunately, the growth time is too short. To be able to grow to this extent in less than three years, he definitely has a huge amount of opportunities on him. Perhaps it’s not inferior to the Dragon Emperor’s Mythical Ruins recognizing him as its master. If he was given a little more time, the chances of Dong Huang winning this World Tournament might be higher.”

“He’s saying that he hopes Dong Huang will assist him in evolution pets in the starry sky to increase the success rate of winning the world competition?”

Lin Feng nodded. “That’s what he said.”

Divine Source said, “Looks like this young man is very confident in his strength, exactly the same as the Lin Feng back then. How far do you think his strength has gone?”

President Lin said, “That ginseng baby has mastered the combination skill of the Time Fruit, revival, and self-destruction. It has the battle record of using the power of legendary resources to kill weak totems that have been sealed for a thousand years.”

“From the power assessment, it’s a little difficult to kill ordinary totems, but under totems, no life form can withstand it. Even those lives that are invincible in the overlord domain will be instantly destroyed.”

“But he can only use this move once for a period of time. It can only be used as a trump card, but it can’t be the main attack method.”

“Apart from that, his other pets are also quite extraordinary. I’ve communicated with the new guardian Ying. They have battle results of all their members fighting three overlords. The three overlords are two ordinary overlords and a top-notch overlord. They fought relatively reluctantly at that time, but now that a few months have passed, their strength should have already improved greatly.”

“Shi Yu has many legendary resources in his hands. His strength progress won’t be slow.”

“But since he wants the Butterfly of Imagination to break through above its level, there shouldn’t be an overlord level in the team at the moment.”

“If nothing goes wrong, Shi Yu’s current strength should be close to divine bell or not much different from Divine Bell. He’s inferior to Ye Xing. It shouldn’t be a problem for him to deal with three top-notch overlords at the same time.”

“In addition, he has the strategy of self-destructing to kill an invincible overlord. It’s very normal to have the idea that he can also compete for the champion position after contracting an overlord.”

“Even I think what he said makes sense. If he contracts an overlord-level Butterfly of Imagination, even if he doesn’t break through to level seven, his strength will undergo a tremendous change.”

“Unfortunately, Dong Huang can’t find high-level spatial cultivation resources to help Beast Tamers break through to the legendary level at the moment. Otherwise, we could just give him resources directly.”

Such resources had always been in short supply. Otherwise, the geniuses of the various countries wouldn’t have gone to the World Tournament to find opportunities.

Divine Source Legendary said, “A level-six Beast Tamer with all monarchs can deal with three top-notch overlords at the same time and even kill invincible overlords?”

“It’s really scary, but this year’s world competition is different from the past.”

“Yes, there will definitely be totem-level pets in this year’s World Tournament. Perhaps there will be more than one. It’s fine if it’s a beast-type pet, but if it’s an elemental, undead, or even spatial pet, even Shi Yu’s self-destruction strategy won’t be too useful.”

“Therefore, under normal circumstances, the champion position is only possible for Ye Xing. His trump card has used three legendary resources to strengthen before and after and has already reached the level of an invincible overlord. He has the foundation of a totem. Coupled with other pets and Beast Taming Talents, he already has the strength of a ‘Titled Legend’. If it weren’t for the title of ‘World Legend’, he would have even wanted to challenge the other titles in the country a few months ago.”