Chapter 849 - 849 The Strongest Foundation Of The World Tournament (4)

849 The Strongest Foundation of the World Tournament (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Divine Source Legendary said.

Initially, he wasn’t very confident that Ye Xing and Divine Bell could win the World Tournament unless they had another opportunity in the World Tournament. However, Shi Yu’s appearance gave Dong Huang hope.

Perhaps this time, Dong Huang could obtain a second world championship.

They would return to the peak era that had just been established by the Seven Nation Alliance.

Even Divine Source and President Lin had to admit that as Lin Feng disappeared and as Xue Yuan and Shen Feng gradually obtained the blessings of the World Tree, even if Dong Huang had an ally, Dragon Palace City, it was very likely that it was no longer the former number one country.

However, if Shi Yu obtained the championship of this world competition, it would be completely different.

“I will.” Shi Yu nodded and said, “But Senior Divine Source, if I reveal my quasi-divine skill in the World Tournament, I’m afraid many totem factions will see me as a threat. When you go over, bring more forbidden weapons.”

Divine Source Legendary: “Of course. Who dares to have ill thoughts on Dong Huang’s genius? I’ll call all Dong Huang’s trump cards and forbidden weapons over.”

“But speaking of which, apart from this Iron-eating Beast, it should have inherited the power of the Mythical fossil to master a quasi-divine skill.” Divine Source Legendary looked at the mechanical Kirin.

It had to be admitted that Shi Yu, this young man, had completely exceeded him in the mechanical field.

At least, even he couldn’t develop mechanical beasts of Mythical races.

“Yes.” Shi Yu nodded.

Divine Source Legendary said, “Wind Blessing, the skill of luck. This is an auspicious sign of Dong Huang’s prosperity. This awakening was indeed correct. Originally, I was still worried about the future Dong Huang, but from the looks of it, I can rest assured.”

“Apart from these two pets, your other pets are probably not weak either.”

Shi Yu said, “Well, the heroic spirit of General Mu Huiyin has already ‘completely’ digested the power of the legendary bone sword of Ancient Capital University and mastered the ‘Dead Revival’ skill with high proficiency. Although it’s only at the monarch level, it can already control the ‘overlord-level undead puppet’. At the moment, it has three overlord-level undead puppets. It’s also easy for four undead to fight a top-notch overlord together.”

Divine Source and President Lin Feng fell silent again.

In fact, Shi Yu had yet to say everything. In fact, the most impressive thing about Chi Tong at the moment was that it had perfected the Perfect Level Undead Revival and scapegoat into a combination skill.

Apart from the two scapegoats it had created, it could also let the undead puppet it controlled be a scapegoat to withstand the injuries.

Coupled with the perfect-level Demon Blade Curse and the profundity of Myriad Sword Convergence, and possessing Shi Yu’s current quasi overlord physique, quasi overlord spirit, and overlord-level soul, if he erupted with all his might, he might be able to suppress a top-notch overlord and have the battle power of an invincible overlord.

“Baby Ginseng’s performance is stable, but its normal strength is extraordinary. Now that the time mark is ready, if necessary, it’s not impossible to self-destruct and heavily injure the totem.”

“Apart from that, its Time Fruit is a skill that can transform potential. Now that Eleven and Ling are both Mythical races, the effect will be even better if they eat the Time Fruit. The upper limit is no longer at the overlord level. Within the acceptable range, they might be able to temporarily display totem-level battle power. Even if the opponent contracts a totem above their level, we’re not afraid.”

President Lin gulped.

He finally understood why Shi Yu had come to challenge him to verify his strength a few days ago.

This guy’s current strength…

Although President Lin wasn’t weak himself, excluding the totems left behind by Ancestor Lin Feng, if his invincible overlords were careless, they would definitely suffer greatly under Shi Yu!

Fortunately, he ignored Shi Yu because he was busy… Otherwise…

Divine Source Legendary was also rather silent. Shi Yu’s pets were simply top-notch.

Animals, plants, machinery, and undead were clearly divided into different categories, but they were even more perfect than the combination tactics of Beast Tamers who specialized in certain types!

This was the advantage of a powerful race!

In fact, Divine Source Legendary felt that it was completely unnecessary for Shi Yu to go to the starry sky to evolve. From the current lineup, although there was only one overlord and the remaining were all monarchs, and Shi Yu was even a level-six Beast Tamer, why did it give him the feeling that he could already kill indiscriminately in the World Tournament? If he were going to fight in the Baby Cup?

“Also, the Blue Sea Sprite Reincarnation has already obtained a portion of the inheritance of the Blue Sea Sprite in advance through the cheat. Its race has already turned into the Blue Sea Sprite and has the foundation of the strongest demigod. It has learned the ‘Blue Sea Contract’ and the ‘Sea Cleansing Spirit’. Although the current it is also at the monarch level, it should be easy to deal with a top-notch overlord. If the enemy is that kind of poison-element life form, due to the restraint of its attributes, the battle power it can display might even be stronger.”

“I think since I’ve already used the quasi-divine skill, it shouldn’t be a big deal to directly let it use the signature skill of the Blue Sea Sprite… In any case, I’ve already attracted enough hatred at that time, so I don’t mind another one.”

“Moreover, the Blue Sea Sprite has done many ocean totem factions a favor. If it publicizes its identity in the World Tournament, what it gains might not necessarily be enemies. Perhaps there are totem allies like Dragon Palace City.”

Legend of Divine Source, President Lin: ???

Damn.

They wouldn’t have known if they didn’t ask, but this was a shock.

The two of them widened their eyes and felt that Shi Yu’s lineup was more and more ridiculous.

What, the Blue Sea Sprite had already accepted the inheritance?

Moreover, after accepting the inheritance, it was still beside Shi Yu?

They were stunned for a moment.

Although they didn’t know why, they felt that Shi Yu was going to ruin this world competition.

“On the Butterfly of Imagination’s side, its battle power is actually not weak either. It’s the pet that’s most compatible with my Psychic skill. Before this, we’ve already defeated the secondary pet of the Space Emperor that broke through to overlord, the Void Mantis. After it breaks through, in the worst case, it will definitely have the strength of a top-notch overlord.”

“If my spiritual power increases, it will be even stronger.”

President Lin and the others were silent.

“Are you confident in contracting a second overlord above your level?” The Mechanical Legendary Divine Source only felt that his throat was dry, although he was a machine now and didn’t have a voice.

“Yes.” Shi Yu nodded. He trusted Ling very much. Until now, Ling had been very stable. Apart from its research speed being slower, it had never made a mistake. If it said that it was 100% fine, then it was 100% fine.

“Then go and prepare.”

“Little Lin, I’ll bring Shi Yu to the starry sky. Bring the others to Rongguang first. At that time, Shi Yu and I will parachute from the starry sky to Rongguang to find you.”

“I’ll do my best this time. We’ll be back soon. It won’t take too much time.”

President Lin Xiao’s face was still numb. He nodded to indicate that he understood.

This was… They were about to completely crush the hope of other countries winning the championship. A level-six Beast Tamer contracting two overlords above his level…

Moreover, these two overlords were probably not simple.

President Lin Xiao didn’t believe that Shi Yu, who had evolved into Eleven and Ling, would fail to evolve that Butterfly of Imagination. Even if he couldn’t become a [Green Dragon], it shouldn’t be a problem to become a [Perfect Dragon]. It was definitely another ridiculously strong overlord…

He seemed to have already seen the sad faces of the totem countries.

….

A day later.

Shi Yu brought the legendary resource [Green Sky Divine Dragon Dragon Ball] and [Dragon Transformation Fruit] and the [Space Strange Water] that had finally become a legendary resource under Susu’s hard work for half a month. He was already prepared to set off for the starry sky.

Although Buggy’s evolution didn’t have a luxurious transcendent skill like Eleven, it had three [Legendary Resources], [Starry Sky Environment], and the same [Spirit Domain].

Shi Yu looked forward to how far Buggy’s evolution could reach. He didn’t ask for Mythical races or quasi-divine skills. In any case, after Buggy’s Dragon of Imagination reached transcendent, it could still evolve again, but it wasn’t too much to give a faith skill like Susu, for example a Green Dragon faith skill, right?

At that time, in the World Tournament, would many totem countries and even the seven countries mistakenly think that he had contracted the Green Dragon Holy Beast when they saw Buggy use the absolutely impossible Green Dragon Faith Skill? The scene made Shi Yu happy.