Chapter 844 - 844 Mechanical Legendary Awakening (5)

844 Mechanical Legendary Awakening (5)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

All lives born from faith had mastered faith skills.

For example, the Blue Sea Sprite’s Blue Sea Contract was actually a faith skill. Its believers were the entire sea, so it could borrow the power of the entire sea. If the level of the Blue Sea Contract was high enough, it could even borrow the power of other creatures who believed in it in the sea through the power of faith.

The dragons who were evolving towards the green dragon actually wanted to freeload the power of faith of the green dragon totem and cultivate faith skills. Unfortunately, none of them succeeded.

“If there are no faith skills, moving in this direction might not be the best choice.”

“The Green Sky Divine Azure Dragon also failed. All the Beast Tamers in history have failed. This is an extremely difficult path. Are you sure you still want to try?” Divine Source Legendary asked.

Shi Yu nodded and said confidently, “I still want to give it a try.”

If there were only the Dragon Ball, Dragon Transformation Fruit, Starry Sky Strange Water, and Starry Sky Environment, Shi Yu wouldn’t be very confident.

However, in the depths of his soul, the green dragon mural phenomenon brought by his previous life was branded. This was Shi Yu’s greatest anticipation.

After all, the previous Yin Yang Fish phenomenon had already helped Eleven master a quasi-divine skill and evolve into a Mythical race.

Then, it wasn’t impossible for this green dragon phenomenon to help Buggy walk a different path.

Moreover, even if it failed, with the Perfect Dragon as a backup, its strength wouldn’t be weak. At most, it wouldn’t have any faith skills.

At most, he would wait for the next evolution.

“As expected.” Divine Source Legendary knew that Shi Yu would answer like this, but it didn’t matter.

“Are you that confident that after it evolves, it can help you win the world competition?” Divine Source Legendary asked.

“You have to know that you’re not the only one who contracts above your level. At that time, there might be more than one Beast Tamer who contracts totems above their level.”

Shi Yu was stunned. “You’re wrong. I want the Butterfly of Imagination to evolve only to increase the success rate of winning the championship. Even now, even if it can’t evolve, my goal is to win the championship.”

“If it can evolve, my chances of winning the championship will be above 99%.”

Legend of Divine Source and President Lin Xiao were stunned when they heard Shi Yu’s words.

At their age, they indeed couldn’t keep up with the young people’s train of thought.

Should he say that Shi Yu was confident or arrogant?

It was clearly made very clear that there might even be totem-level battle power in the World Tournament.

In the end, Shi Yu was still confident?

“Very confident, but you should only be a level-six Beast Tamer now, right? What confidence do you have to fight your way out of a group of legend geniuses? No matter how superior your pet race is, the other demigod factions aren’t easy to deal with.”

“Prove it to me. As long as I see where your confidence comes from, I can do my best to help you.”

Shi Yu had been waiting for this sentence. He said, “Alright, Senior Divine Source, President Lin. In that case, I’ll summon my pet.”

With that said, purple Psychic waves lingered around him. A purple summoning array immediately formed!

A black and white one-meter-tall Iron-eating Beast cub slowly appeared.

Seeing that Shi Yu first summoned his initial pet, Divine Source Legendary and President Lin were not surprised.

However, soon, they were stunned.

Because the aura on this Iron-eating Beast was clearly at the overlord level!

“Senior Divine Source, President Lin, I’ve already contracted an overlord above my level and let the Iron-eating Beast break through. This is the source of my confidence, and the Butterfly of Imagination is the second pet I plan to contract above my level!”

At this moment, Divine Source Legendary and President Lin had no time to care about what Shi Yu said.

They were all stunned by the data in front of them.

< Name > Iron-eating Beast

Energy Points: ???

It couldn’t be detected.

The energy value was unimaginably huge.

Limited by the equipment and technology level, the top detectors in the seven countries could only detect the highest energy value of 99,999,999. If the energy value exceeded 100 million, it would be impossible to detect.

Even the Mechanical Legendary and the detection equipment worn by President Lin were the same.

At this moment, when they saw the energy level of this Iron-eating Beast, their hearts trembled. They couldn’t understand.

An Iron-eating Beast with more than 100 million energy points?

Totem level?

100 million was already the threshold of the totem level.

Of course, totems with 100 million energy points might be even harder to find than totems with 10 billion energy points.

Letting a Green Silkworm eat the Undying Fruit and immediately commit suicide… After reincarnation, it might only have this bit of energy.

Otherwise, there were basically no totems stuck at this level.

No matter what, the Iron-eating Beast’s energy level definitely exceeded 100 million.

Impossible, absolutely impossible.

Shi Yu was only a level-six Beast Tamer. How could he contract a totem?

Overlord?

An invincible overlord whose energy level had reached the threshold of the totem?

But…

The two big shots recalled what Shi Yu had said just now.

He had already contracted an overlord above his level and let the Iron-eating Beast break through.

What an overlord!

But how could the data be so high?

From Shi Yu’s experience, it definitely hadn’t been long since this pet broke through.

The Mechanical Legendary’s red eye was filled with disbelief. “What’s going on with it? You’ve already contracted an overlord above your level, and you still want to contract a second one above your level?”

Shi Yu said, “Yes.”

Eleven: “Wu wu wu. (So-so.)”

“It’s because of this that I’m confident of competing with those legends.”