Chapter 848 - 848 The Strongest Foundation Of The World Tournament (3)

848 The Strongest Foundation of the World Tournament (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“That state can be considered a ‘combined divine skill’ formed by two ‘quasi-divine skills’.”

A combination skill formed by two quasi-divine skills!!

After Shi Yu finished speaking, Divine Source Legendary and President Lin were even more stunned.

Be a human.

The so-called totem demigod could stand at the top of life with a quasi-divine skill.

As for those who had two quasi-divine skills that could be combined, such as the Blue Sea Sprite, that was the peak of demigods.

After all, the Blue Sea Sprite was the first ocean totem born at the start of the totem era.

Now, he was saying that he and the Iron-eating Beast had also completed the combination divine skill of “two quasi-divine skills”?

Originally, Divine Source Legendary thought that if the Iron-eating Beast had a quasi-divine skill, the other contestants of the World Tournament would have nothing to play with.

In the end, Shi Yu said that he could still use “quasi-divine combination skills” with the Iron-eating Beast??

“Even so, do we still have to go to the starry sky to evolve the Butterfly of Imagination?” Divine Source Legendary said.

“It’ll be safer,” Shi Yu said. He couldn’t be careless.

The corners of Divine Source Legendary’s mouth twitched. “I understand. I’ll protect you as you head to the starry sky and help it complete its evolution in the last time.”

“And what you have to do is fight with all your might in the World Tournament and crush all enemies. You have to obtain the blessings of the World Tree and become a legendary in the shortest time possible!”

“I have to say, Shi Yu, you gave me an incomparable surprise.”

“With shock.”

“In all my life, this is the first time I’ve seen a Beast Tamer like you.”

“Fortunately, you were born in Dong Huang.”

President Lin said, “Yes, don’t worry about the ruins exploration mission over there first. Leave it to Lu Qingyi. With your current strength, you can completely compete for the championship position. It’s better to concentrate on competing for the championship.”

If one had to say that exploring ruins was an unstable thing, the blessings of the World Tree were definitely more fragrant to Dong Huang.

Previously, there was no other way, but now…

Shi Yu: “?”

Damn, why were they still jumping around?

Why didn’t they let him explore the ruins!

Couldn’t he take all of them?

“The things explored in the ruins might not necessarily be useful. Instead, with your current aptitude, you can definitely obtain the recognition of the World Tree and obtain a lot of important information from it,” Divine Source Legendary said.

“Back then, Lin Feng obtained very important information from the World Tree.”

“What?!” Shi Yu was stunned. “By the way, didn’t I obtain some information about the destruction of the Mythical Era from the Wind Kirin’s dream and deduce that Blue Planet might be facing some enemy from outer space? Didn’t Senior Lin Feng learn about this from the World Tree?”

“As the clone of the planet’s will, it’s impossible for the World Tree not to know about this.”

Divine Source Legendary shook his head and said, “No, at least Lin Feng didn’t say.”

“Even the next two Beast Tamers who obtained the blessings of the World Tree didn’t receive similar information.”

“Perhaps the World Tree has other thoughts, or perhaps the World Tree doesn’t know when foreign enemies will invade Blue Planet again. There’s no need to mention it too early. After all, billions of years have passed since the end of the Mythical Era. If the World Tree had announced this news hundreds of millions of years ago, would the various Blue Planet factions still care?”

“Not to mention a disaster countless years later, even if it’s a disaster a hundred years later, how many living beings will take it seriously now?”

“If it’s announced, what comes into existence might not be a resistance faction, but a racial faction loyal to external enemies.”

“In the face of power, benefits, and death threats, protecting our home is not something that all lives will defend.”

“But it’s undeniable that this is extremely important information. You can definitely obtain a Mythical resource at the archeological Conference,” Divine Source Legendary said.

“Then what information did Senior Lin Feng obtain from the World Tree?” Shi Yu asked.

Divine Source Legendary said, “The information he obtained is actually similar to the information you obtained.”

“Your information says that Blue Planet is recuperating. Lin Feng has also mentioned this. The World Tree told him that the reason why Blue Planet’s life form can’t break through to the Mythical stage at the moment is because Blue Planet hasn’t recuperated for the time being. It can’t support demigod-level life forms cultivating complete divine skills on Blue Planet and the legendary Beast Tamers upgrading the Beast Taming Space to a Mythical Beast Taming Space.”

“It’s not because the talent of these legendaries and demigods in history isn’t enough, but because the environment doesn’t allow it. If these experts who became legends and demigods in the totem era and the Beast Taming Era go to the Mythical Era, they can almost steadily enter the Mythical Domain.”

“In other words, from the end of the Mythical Era, Blue Planet entered the Cultivationless Age with incomplete rules.”

“But according to the World Tree, Blue Planet is about to recover. There are even independent Mythical mystic realms that have the conditions to break through to the Mythical stage. Because of this, after Lin Feng became a legendary, he actively explored various ruins mystic realms and searched for the opportunity to break through to the Mythical stage.”

“However, I wonder where he went during his exploration.”

“But with my understanding of him, he shouldn’t die so easily.”

The Age of Doom, a Mythical opportunity!

Shi Yu was slightly stunned. As expected.

“Shi Yu, looks like Lin Xiao has completely underestimated you. Your talent and opportunities are one of the best in the east for millions of years. You’re completely capable of becoming the next legendary of Dong Huang. Therefore, you have to get the championship of the World Tree.”