Chapter 847 - 847 The Strongest Foundation Of The World Tournament (2)

847 The Strongest Foundation of the World Tournament (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

However, in the end, Shi Yu only developed the skill “spiritual power”.

It couldn’t be said to be bad. For Beast Tamers, mastering an extraordinary power was also very rare.

President Lin originally thought that even if Shi Yu could develop the telepathy talent a second time, it would be a long time later. Even if the development was successful, in terms of battle power, it would at most be like other battle talents, such as the fire-element strengthening talent and the water-element strengthening talent, giving normal enhancements to pets.

But who would have thought that the successful development of the telepathy talent in Shi Yu’s mouth would actually become the key to “assisting pets to master quasi-divine skills”?

In an instant, President Lin Xiao’s eyes turned red. He was envious of his telepathy talent.

He even felt that it was too right for Shi Yu to eat the Undying Fruit.

The Undying Fruit modified his physical talent and controlled the Talent Bead’s development talent. Shi Yu had completely maximized the value of the resources he had obtained!

“Can I take a look?” President Divine Source was numb.

He realized that the information about Shi Yu he had learned from President Lin was seriously outdated.

That made sense. A genius like Shi Yu was improving at all times. Shi Yu had not spent much time growing up. It was indeed impossible to synchronize information at all times.

“Yes.” Shi Yu nodded.

At this moment, Eleven had already removed the Yin Yang Millstone and yawned heavily.

Ling also removed the Wind Blessing and returned to the Rubik’s Cube. It half-closed its eyes and was full.

In the center, as Shi Yu nodded, he began to show his mind domain to Divine Source Legendary and President Lin!

Boom!

As Shi Yu activated his mind domain, the air around him began to hum and vibrate.

The almost corporeal mental wave formed black and white ripples around him.

Under the situation where his entire body was wrapped in black and white energy fluctuations, the pattern of Shi Yu’s eyes quickly changed, directly turning into a spinning Taiji Painting. A vast and deep power bloomed from Shi Yu’s body, and for a moment, Divine Source Legendary and President Lin felt a strong pressure again!

Buzz!

The sound of laws spread.

It made the two of them open their mouths wide.

Wait a minute, wasn’t this the sound of laws that could only be triggered by the prototype of a divine skill?

Why was a human like him…

As Shi Yu’s Psychic Eye spun, a strong wave bloomed from his body. With him as the center, it quickly formed a domain that enveloped the world.

In an instant, a huge spinning Taiji Painting appeared in the sky and ground.

The entire world turned black and white.

On the horizon, there was even a star that was identical to the patterns in Shi Yu’s eyes. In this domain, it replaced the sun and moon.

It was also a black and white circular star. It was like the manifestation of Shi Yu’s Eye of the Heart. It hung on the horizon of the domain and watched everything.

Under its gaze, the Taiji Painting spinning in the sky and ground became more and more blurry. The pattern seemed to have turned into two Yin Yang fish that appeared in motion and slowly swam around Shi Yu.

At this moment, Shi Yu’s every move seemed to be able to touch the laws.

What was this!

Legend of Divine Source and President Lin were completely stunned.

He called this a telepathy talent? Huh?

If after Shi Yu ate the Undying Fruit and died, he wouldn’t be considered a human after reincarnation. He would be considered an undead-type transcendent life form. They could accept it.

However, wasn’t Shi Yu still alive!

Why did it look like he had already become a god!

Legend of Divine Source and President Lin were undoubtedly figures at the top of Blue Planet, but they had never seen such a ridiculous Beast Taming Talent…

“The level of this power of laws is the highest existence I’ve ever seen.” However, what shocked Divine Source Legendary the most was that the power of Shi Yu and the others was not some casual power of laws.

The power of laws was also divided into levels.

Without a doubt, the power of laws carried by Shi Yu and Eleven was the strongest.

Chaos gave birth to endless, endless gave birth to Taiji, Taiji gave birth to two elements, and two elements gave birth to four symbols. This was the derivation process of everything from nothing to nothing. The power on their bodies had already traced the origin of laws extremely far. Even if they were only at the initial stage, their level was still extremely high.

At the moment, because Shi Yu and the others didn’t study it deeply, they only knew the most basic rules of the Taiji Domain.

The Taiji Painting was also known as the “Pattern of Nature”.

Therefore, it was similar to the Anti-Magic Domain.

It could suppress all natural power, including spatial power.

However, the effect was even more perfect than Buggy’s perfect anti-magic domain.

Apart from being able to suppress it, the effect of Eleven mobilizing the power of nature in this field would also be better. The power of the Yin Yang Millstone would be strengthened.

It had done it in the true domain.

Shi Yu even suspected that after he activated his talent, he could fight weaker overlords with his bare hands.

Once the power of nature was suppressed, with his physique, spirit… Ahem, a humanoid overlord was born!

“Hu…” After Shi Yu displayed it, he weakly dispersed his domain and said under the incredulous gazes of Divine Source Legendary and President Lin, “At the start, Eleven’s quasi-divine skill could only be completed with the support of this mental domain.”

“However, as it uses the Talent Bead to develop in depth, it and I can complete this skill independently now. However, the combination of the two is the strongest state.”

“After I activate my talent, its power will multiply when it uses quasi-divine skills.”

“Of course, theoretically speaking, a combination divine skill can only be used once in a long time. The consumption is huge, and the consumed mental strength is very difficult to be nourished by external objects.”