Chapter 851 - 851 Evolution In The Starry Sky (2)

851 Evolution in the Starry Sky (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Even Blue Planet was named after this.

It looked at Buggy beside it angrily, hoping that Buggy would be more reliable this time.

After all, the cosmic strange water mass was the fruit of its hard work for half a month.

It didn’t have high requirements. As long as Buggy could materialize a perfect “Galaxy” and “Star Sea” for it to experience after evolution, it was fine.

“Wu, wu ~” The worm looked at Susu gratefully.

It expressed that the next time it fantasized about a training environment, it would give Susu a special treatment to strengthen its training environment and make it more cruel. This way, it could better increase its strength.

“Mi ~!” The focus of the sword spirit, Chi Tong, was not on Blue Planet, but on finding the sun. It had a premonition that its perfect Spirit Release or transcendent Spirit Release definitely had a form that was related to the sun.

“Yi!!” At this moment, Baby Ginseng was the most excited. It felt that it was getting closer and closer to the moon.

If it self-destructed here, the power seemed to be much greater than self-destructing on Blue Planet.

It really wanted to take the moon back.

Shi Yu also summoned all the members of Team Two.

“Roar!!!”

“Quack ~!!”

The Earth Dragon-like Little Ji and the Abyss Demon Duck Reincarnation Duck, looked at Blue Planet with emotion.

At this moment, they suddenly felt that the ocean and ground of Blue Planet were a little small.

But soon, they were even more indignant.

If they couldn’t even conquer such a small ocean and land, how could they conquer the starry sky?

In short, it was better to be in the first team. According to their understanding, Big Sister Susu in the first team had already aimed at the position of “Lord of the Star Sea”.

“Too powerful!!” Qi, who was also wearing a silver spacesuit, also leaned against the window and looked outside excitedly.

She naturally knew the goal of this trip to help Buggy evolve!

She, who had stayed in Tingxiang Palace previously, couldn’t imagine that someone would actually come to the starry sky to help pets evolve.

“Your pets are really strange.” The mechanical legendary evaluated Shi Yu in its heart.

Shi Yu’s pet style was completely different from any legendary in history.

Some people evaluated pets of various legends like this. Emperor Shi and Emperor Kong’s were mysterious because of their attributes, Emperor Wu’s was domineering because of their styles, the empress and the Dragon Emperor’s were noble because of their races. As for Shi Yu…

Apart from the mechanical phantom beast formed by the mechanical Tyrant Dragon and the mechanical dragon that looked a little like an expert, the mechanical legendary didn’t think that these pets looked strong.

They felt very harmless.

Of course, the mechanical legendary knew that this was all an illusion.

For example, that silly duck was actually a demigod reincarnation of the Abyss Sea. The mechanical legendary felt that no one else would expect it.

That was why he said that Shi Yu’s style was very special.

…

As time passed.

Shi Yu and the others were getting closer and closer to the Silver Ring.

In Shi Yu’s vision, he could gradually see a silver ring area in the dazzling starry sky.

Behind it was an incomparably bright moon.

It was said that there were also several mythical and legendary ruins on the moon. They were built by many divine beasts from the Mythical Era.

It could be known that in the Mythical Era, those divine beasts had obtained the ability to leave Blue Planet and live in the starry sky.

No wonder the Dragon God said that every Mythical creature had the ability to transcend Blue Planet.

“Senior Divine Source, we’re almost there, right?” Shi Yu was already looking forward to it.

“Wu wu ~” Buggy also started to look forward to it.

However, at this moment, the legendary’s red eye was filled with a strange gaze.

He said, “There are some problems.”

“Uh, what’s wrong?” Shi Yu’s heart skipped a beat as he asked nervously.

Please don’t let it be that the spaceship malfunctioned and couldn’t be returned.

They didn’t want to wander in the starry sky.

“It’s nothing. It’s just that I didn’t expect that apart from us, someone else would actually come to the Silver Ring Belt at this time,” The mechanical legendary said.

“There are others here??” Shi Yu was stunned.

The mechanical legendary said, “It should be someone from ‘Shen Feng’ or ‘Xue Yuan’.”

“Among them, the chances of the people from Xue Yuan, also known as ‘Snowfield’, are higher.”

“No, I should say it has to be Snowfield.”

“But there’s no need to worry. We won’t interfere with each other when we do our things.”

“Alright.” Shi Yu nodded and asked,

“Don’t tell me they appeared here also to cultivate with the power of the starry sky?”

The mechanical legendary said, “We can’t rule out this possibility. They clearly came very early. If we had enough time and had also brought Ye Xing here this time, he would have also obtained huge gains.”

“After all, his talent is related to stars.”

“In Snowfield, there might also be Beast Tamers with similar talent.”

…

Silver Ring Star Belt.

On a certain small silver planet.

A spaceship was also docked here.

At the same time, there were several humans in space suits near the spaceship.

Beside them were pets of different forms.

They didn’t realize that apart from themselves, another group of people had already approached the Silver Ring Belt.

The entire Silver Ring Star Belt was still very huge.

Moreover, if the mechanical legendary was so easy to discover, he wouldn’t be called that in the first place.

Soon, the spaceship Shi Yu and the others were in teleported to another silver celestial body.

Shi Yu, who was wearing a silver spacesuit, walked out excitedly and stood on the asteroid!