Chapter 857 - 857 Green Dragon Cultivation Plan

857 Green Dragon Cultivation Plan

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Irina.

The legendary Beast Tamer of the Snowfield Nation, one of the contestants of the World Tournament, had extraordinary strength.

The trump card was the Star God Bear.

It was a new race cultivated by the Snowfield Nation after exploring the starry sky. It was known as the strongest bear.

Irina’s Star God Bear was the son of the first generation Star God Bear, the second Star God Bear in the world.

Because he was a hybrid, his talent potential was even higher than his parents.

As one of the members of the Snowfield Nation’s exploration of the starry sky, after discovering the green dragon phenomenon, she quickly followed her companions to investigate.

However, what was difficult for her to accept was that she and the Star God Bear couldn’t even get close to the target!

“Roar!!!”

A huge dragon roar sounded, and the Green Dragon Deterrence swept through the starry sky. Her Star God Bear, known as the strongest bear race, couldn’t even move at this moment, its eyes filled with fear.

Bang, bang, bang.

Irina could hear the heartbeat of the white Star God Bear in space equipment with the moon symbol between its eyebrows clearly.

“Totem level…”

“With a legendary Beast Tamer?” Her gaze was shocked. Who exactly was it?

“Let’s go back.” Beside Irina, there was also the guardian of the Snowfield Nation this time, the top-notch totem, the first generation Star God Bear. At this moment, its expression was also incomparably solemn. Cold sweat flowed as it looked at the green dragon with fear.

After hearing the other party’s dragon roar, even it felt its heart skip a beat. It felt that it was completely crushed at the bloodline level.

Even a trace of fear appeared in its heart.

< Name > Star God Bear

[Attributes]: Light

[Race Level]: High-level overlord (Quasi Mythical)

[Level of Growth]: Overlord

Energy Points: 80,210,000

Although Shi Yu and Buggy ignored this group of Beast Tamers from the snowfield, they were also paying attention to their movements at all times.

After all, there was more than one totem-level life form inside. There were also many powerful top-notch overlords and legend Beast Tamers.

However, what made Shi Yu happy was that the pets below the totem level were actually so scared that they couldn’t move when they heard the green dragon roar.

Even totem-level lives were stunned by the deterrence and didn’t dare to act rashly.

“Not bad.”

Shi Yu could sense the power of Buggy’s current deterrence.

Its current full-level deterrence, under the enhancement of the Green Dragon Roar, should be called the [strongest deterrence] at the same level.

Perhaps there was no need to do anything at all. Just the deterrence wrapped around the body was enough to instantly kill a top-notch overlord. With a claw, it could make other lives feel unstoppable fear.

Buggy’s current deterrence gave Shi Yu the feeling that even if Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong, and the others dealt with it, they would be instantly killed.

At the same level, even the Demon God Iron-eating Beast before the evolution of light and darkness would be suppressed. However, now, Eleven relied on the power of the Mythical race and the obliteration power of the Yin Yang Millstone to not be afraid of any deterrence.

But at the same time, Buggy didn’t have to worry about the nomological pressure brought by Eleven’s Mythical race and quasi-divine skills.

Although it wasn’t a god yet, it already had the capital to fight against a god.

“Kid, enough.”

The Divine Source Legend quickly called Shi Yu back with a complicated gaze.

As for Shi Yu, he was naturally very obedient. He rode the Green Dragon and flew around before returning to the starting point.

“How’s the situation in your Beast Taming Space?”

The Divine Source Legend asked.

The evolution of the Butterfly of Imagination exceeded his imagination. He immediately asked about Shi Yu’s Beast Taming Space.

Was it affected?

Shi Yu shook his head and said, “It’s a little uncomfortable. The enhancement is smaller than I imagined. The feedback attributes are spread out in various aspects such as vitality, mental strength, physique, and the Beast Taming Space. Although the space has been strengthened, I’m afraid I still have to meditate for a period of time to break through.”

The Divine Source Legend was stunned, but soon, he said, “Forget it, forget it. It doesn’t matter. In any case, in your current situation, breaking through or not is the same result. You don’t have to be anxious. You’re only 20 years old… The next ten years will be a rapid growth period.”

“Your body can still take it, right?”

Shi Yu said, “I can take it. The increase in feedback is very comprehensive. Although the burden is a few times greater than before, it’s still within acceptable range.”

“That’s good.” The Divine Source Legend then looked at the green dragon under Shi Yu that had ignited its divine fire of faith. Its mouth felt dry, although it was now a machine.

“What name are you going to give it?”

“Wu ~” Buggy didn’t say anything. It waited for Shi Yu to name it. Even someone as powerful as it began to be afraid. After the wonton panda, would it be the green pepper meat silk dragon?

It hated green peppers and green dragons.

Shi Yu smiled and said, “Although it’s not a green dragon yet, let’s call it a green dragon directly. Senior Divine Source, I have an idea…”

< Name > Buggy

[Race]: Green Dragon (Evolving)

[Attributes]: Spirit, Space, Dragon (Wood, Water Mixed Dragon)

[Race Level]: High-level overlord (Quasi Mythical)

“Speak,” the Divine Source Legend said.

“Although the legend of the Green Dragon has a long history, many people know that the Green Dragon is only fiction. Although the introduction of the fiction is powerful, the people who believe in the Green Dragon are very scattered.”

“Not only are there other totems fighting for faith, just three of the four holy beasts are already fighting for the power of faith.”

“Although the faith of the Green Dragon is enough to crush any totem country that relied on faith to form a country today, there’s still a certain difference compared to an ancient half-god like the Blue Sea Sprite.”

“Although the Green Dragon is magical, it’s basically just bragging at the moment, without enough faith support. The Green Dragon has never done anything for believers.”