Chapter 853 - 853 Evolution In The Starry Sky (4)

853 Evolution in the Starry Sky (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

It looked like in order to evolve towards the green dragon form, Shi Yu and the others had made a lot of preparations!

“Wu! (Exhausted!)”

At this moment.

After the preparations were over, Buggy began to absorb the power of the strange water in the starry sky that had been placed in the spatial pocket for a long time, including the Dragon Transformation Fruit of Dragon Palace City.

It had been hungry for a long time.

Among them, the Dragon Transformation Fruit could optimize Buggy’s physique. The Dragon Ball could increase Buggy’s power of imagination and simulate the Green Dragon with the power of imagination. As for the Starry Sky Strange Water, it could increase Buggy’s affinity for the power of the Starry Sky, allowing it to absorb the huge power of the stars as much as possible!

“Wu! (So full!!)”

Although the outside world couldn’t tell, Buggy was already about to explode.

It had no choice but to immediately activate its foundation and break through.

Boom!!!

Under the lead of the overlord’s will and its racial skills, the aura on its body began to climb steadily.

At the same time, it connected the power of the three legendary resources to the Imagination Green Dragon.

In the cosmic storm that swept through the starry sky, the light was incomparably dazzling. Soon, a huge evolution light enveloped the green dragon constellation ten thousand meters tall and also wrapped Buggy!!

The power of the starry sky gathered and became nutrients to form this new body.

At this moment, although it was still in the evolution process, Buggy’s race had already begun to increase rapidly under the preparations of various evolution work.

Energy Points: 10 million

Twenty million… 30 million… 40 million… 50 million… 60 million… 70 million…

Even if it was a worm, under the continuous strengthening of the three legendary resources, it was difficult not to become a top-notch overlord.

Moreover, Buggy, who evolved with the help of the Dragon of Imagination, was no longer a worm. The dragon attribute would become its new attribute, an attribute that came with its normal state.

“Not bad, very imposing.”

“I didn’t come for nothing.”

“I didn’t expect this little guy to have the will of an overlord.”

“Looks like after breaking through, it will have at least 80 million energy points. At the same time, its physique won’t be inferior to a true quasi-mythical dragon.”

“In addition to the spatial element, the power of imagination, and Shi Yu’s Psychic Resonance, another invincible overlord is born.”

At the side, the mechanical legendary nodded silently.

At his age, he suddenly had a whim.

He could already imagine Shi Yu representing Dong Huang in the World Tournament!

Shi Yu stood on the asteroid with a burning gaze and looked at the ten-thousand-meter-long Green Dragon Constellation in the starry sky. He communicated telepathically at all times to try to touch the divine power of the Green Dragon.

When he evolved Eleven, Shi Yu came to a conclusion.

Only when the pet had the corresponding compatibility could it resonate with the corresponding divine power in its mental memory.

Eleven was originally not compatible with the Taiji Domain, but as Eleven evolved and mastered the corresponding Yin Yang power, it immediately obtained a certain compatibility with the Taiji Domain.

Therefore, theoretically speaking, it should be the same for Buggy.

In the state of the Butterfly of Imagination and under the normal state of the Dragon of Imagination, it might not necessarily have any compatibility with the Green Dragon Domain. However, at this moment, through the power of the stars, through the wood-element Dragon Transformation Fruit, through the dragon ball left behind by the Green Sky Divine Azure Dragon that was evolving towards the Green Dragon, and through the power of imagination, the Buggy that almost perfectly simulated the Green Dragon form should have a certain compatibility with the Green Dragon Domain…

Shi Yu knew that the aura of Buggy’s evolution was no longer weak. After evolution, its initial energy level would probably not be lower than 70 to 80 million. However, although the mechanical legendary was satisfied, Shi Yu was not!

This level was far inferior to the real Green Dragon.

The real Green Dragon was a god, not a dragon. It was the form of a dragon formed by the power of faith in the stars. It was a god race, not a dragon race.

If it existed, it had to be at the same level as the Blue Sea Sprite.

It wasn’t enough.

It wasn’t enough!

Under the entanglement of the green evolution light, the huge power of the stars had already outlined a dragon form. Its entire body was slowly perfecting. However, Shi Yu was still constantly communicating with the Green Dragon Domain and trying to assist the evolution of the worm.

Finally, as the green dragon’s body was perfected, hard work paid off.

Boom!!!

An extremely terrifying dragon might also erupted from Shi Yu’s body. His black eyes directly turned into golden eyes that were filled with supreme might.

Huh?

“What’s wrong?” The sudden change in Shi Yu’s body shocked the mechanical legend beside him.

At this moment, green-gold fluctuations spread from Shi Yu, who was still very normal just now. The shocking sight of his golden eyes were especially prominent in the starry sky.

The mechanical legend was slightly stunned. Shi Yu’s form was a little similar to the mental domain displayed previously…

But at that time, didn’t Shi Yu say that the developed mind domain could only power up that Iron-eating Beast?

The Yin and Yang Psychic Domain was indeed not compatible with the Butterfly of Imagination that was currently evolving towards the Green Dragon.

No.

What Shi Yu displayed at this moment was not the Yin and Yang Heart Domain at all. Instead, it was another type!

“Senior Divine Source, I think I understood something. My telepathy seems to have broken through.”

Divine Source: ???

As Shi Yu finished speaking, with a boom, a domain expanded on his body again and fused with the Green Dragon Domain that Buggy had imagined. The entire Green Dragon Constellation was even more dazzling and magical.

The mechanical legendary opened its mouth slightly, although it didn’t have a mouth in its current robot form.

He just didn’t understand. Was the telepathy talent really that magical?