Chapter 850 - 850 Evolution In The Starry Sky (1)

850 Evolution in the Starry Sky (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“President, where’s Shi Yu?”

It was about to set off for Rongguang.

The Dong Huang archeological Team participating in the archeological Conference and the Dong Huang Sequence participating in the World Tournament had already gathered.

Their relatives and friends, such as Principal Feng of Ancient Capital University, the gem cat, and the Tyrannical Sea Legend, were also in the same team.

However, someone couldn’t help but ask when he saw that Shi Yu wasn’t among the gathered members.

“Shi Yu?”

President Lin looked at the questioner and said, “He has something to do. He’ll go to Rongguang himself later.”

“Go himself? Is that alright?” Divine Bell frowned.

Inatella was about to open in ten days. Now, not only Dong Huang, but the other totem countries also made a move. It was the most chaotic situation in the world.

At this moment, Shi Yu wasn’t following the team. Instead, he was running around. He didn’t look like he wanted their protection.

“No problem.”

President Lin smiled. That ancestor of hers was personally “protecting” Shi Yu.

Fortunately, Divine Source Legendaryary was not interested in arranging the fate of his descendants. Otherwise, he would definitely matchmake her with Shi Yu!

At this moment, the Mechanical Legendary that had originally planned to pay attention to Ye Xing and Divine Bell had probably been completely attracted by Shi Yu!

All his energy was placed on Shi Yu!

When Shi Yu and the Mechanical Legendary returned from the starry sky, Divine Bell and the others would probably know how ridiculous Shi Yu’s true strength was.

The subsequent world competition… it would probably become Shi Yu protecting them.

…

At the same time, somewhere in Dong Huang.

Shi Yu looked at the huge spaceship in front of him.

< Name > ???

Energy Points: ???

Obviously, it was a totem-level mechanical life form!

This was a huge silver circular spaceship supported by “four mechanical feet”. It looked like it could accommodate many people.

From its appearance, it was very similar to the current mechanical body of the Mechanical Legendary.

“Come in.”

The Mechanical Legendary, Divine Source, flew in the air. As it spoke, the door of the spaceship automatically opened. He said, “This time, we’re going to the most famous ‘Silver Ring Star Belt’ near the moon.”

“That’s the area with the richest and most complicated radiation power in the solar system recognized by the three countries, Shen Feng, Xue Yuan, and Dong Huang.”

“At the moment, there’s a shortage of time. We can only head here, regardless of whether it’s the best choice.”

Shi Yu nodded.

Any starry sky environment would do.

In any case, with the current level of Dong Huang’s Mechanic class, it was impossible to do the few constellations that formed the Green Dragon pattern. What was there to choose?

“Wu ~”

At this moment, Buggy and the others had long been summoned by Shi Yu.

They sized up the spaceship happily.

After all, this was the first time he had left Blue Planet. Shi Yu naturally wanted everyone to take a look.

It was a trip!

After Shi Yu was thrown a silver-white spacesuit by Divine Source Legendary, Divine Source Legendary planned to set off immediately.

Time was tight, and he couldn’t delay.

Before setting off, he glanced at Buggy.

< Name > Butterfly of Imagination

[Attributes]: Spirit, Space

Energy Points: 7,670,000

This normal energy value was already very rare and precious for a worm-type life form.

Moreover, it had also mastered the extraordinary transformation evolution skill, the Dragon of Imagination.

Divine Source Legendary also looked forward to what this Green Silkworm that had relied on the demigod Sea Serpent Dragon Dragon Ball to evolve could achieve with another Dragon God Dragon Ball…

….

In the past, every job of exploring the starry sky was a big matter that the country paid attention to. It was also a competition for the technological strength of various countries.

However, as the level of the various countries’ mechanical domains increased, they rarely paid attention to the starry sky.

Less than five people knew about Shi Yu and the others’ departure.

After the spaceship set off, it flashed through the atmosphere. In the spaceship, Shi Yu and the others didn’t feel any pressure at all. It was as if they were sitting at home, looking at the changes in the scenery outside the window.

This spaceship was very fast. It gave Shi Yu the feeling that they had left Blue Planet in just an instant.

“The Silver Ring Star Belt is made up of a group of floating silver asteroids. When the time comes, the spaceship will dock nearby.”

“There’s extremely strong cosmic radiation there, and the environment is harsh.”

“You can temporarily move in the starry sky in this spacesuit.”

“As for your Butterfly of Imagination…”

“With its ability, as long as it’s not long, it shouldn’t be a problem to move for a short period of time.”

“Alright.” Shi Yu nodded. In fact, Buggy had long used the Imagination Domain to simulate the starry sky environment to train.

Although it couldn’t move in the starry sky for a long time, it had indeed trained a certain amount of resistance.

However, if it could evolve into a green dragon, it should have the ability to travel through the universe, right?

In the future, Shi Yu could naturally let Ling study a spaceship or even a cosmic battleship. However, Shi Yu felt that riding a green dragon-shaped worm through the atmosphere and into the starry sky felt more impressive!

“Wuuu!!!”

At this moment, Eleven and the others were lying by the window, looking down with shining eyes.

The surroundings were silent and dark. Suddenly, the entire Blue Planet appeared in front of Shi Yu and the others.

Blue Planet looked especially beautiful in the starry sky. The vast blue ocean, the green dense forest, the white snow that didn’t melt all year round, and the large yellow desert could be seen clearly from here.

“Ning.” Susu lay on Eleven’s head and reminded. As expected of the sea it protected.

It was indeed beautiful.