Chapter 856 - 856 Evolution In The Starry Sky (7)

856 Evolution in the Starry Sky (7)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Of course, Shi Yu and the others had no time to care about this group of people. If they saw it, so be it. In any case, it wasn’t something to hide. At this moment, Shi Yu was looking at the green dragon!

In the spaceship, Little Ji and the others also looked at Buggy eagerly and hugged their heads in disbelief!!

“Roar!!”

As a dragon, why was it so handsome!!

“Yes.”

“Senior Divine Source.”

“We succeeded!!!”

Shi Yu’s telepathy sounded.

It made the Divine Source Legend even more stunned.

“To be precise, it’s half successful. Because its strength isn’t enough, and it hasn’t fulfilled its true obligations as a green dragon, it hasn’t received much power of faith. It can’t be considered a real green dragon, but it can already be called… the creature closest to the green dragon.”

“It has already truly exceeded other imitators and has the ability to mobilize the power of faith of the Green Dragon.”

Shi Yu looked at Buggy in its enlarged state and was already very satisfied. He was incomparably happy.

Buggy’s golden eyes stared at Shi Yu and nodded.

It was already very difficult for Shi Yu to recognize that it was still the tool worm.

It wasn’t easy…

“Skill, where’s the skill?” At this moment, the legendary Divine Source no longer had the reservedness of a legend.

Shi Yu said, “Unfortunately, there are no quasi-divine skills. However, like the Blue Sea Sprite, it has relative faith skills, and there are two! I feel that it should be very difficult for faith skills to become quasi-divine skills. It’s still relatively difficult to touch the power of laws with faith, but when these faith skills are cultivated into quasi-divine skills, it will definitely be the strongest demigod like Susu!”

As Shi Yu spoke, he had already used his Psychic power to control himself and fly towards the Green Dragon Buggy in its enlarged form. He wanted to try riding the Green Dragon.

At the same time, he didn’t hide it from the Divine Source Legend.

“It has awakened a total of three skills. The super skill, Green Dragon Roar.”

“Super faith skill, Dragon Raising Its Head, and Dragon Star Group.”

“Senior Divine Source, thank you very much!”

“Their effects are…”

< Name > Green Dragon Roar

[Attributes]: Dragon, Spirit

[Level]: Super

< Introduction > It’s a deterrence skill. It can strengthen one’s deterrence skill and offset all deterrence that has a negative impact on oneself!

…

< Name > Dragon Raising Its Head

[Attributes]: Dragon, Spirit, Wood, Water

[Level]: Super

< Introduction > After being on the verge of death or after death, one can rely on the power of faith to recover or reincarnate. The faith is eternal.

…

< Name > Dragon Star Group

[Attributes]: Dragon, Spirit, Space

[Level]: Super

< Introduction > It summons a dragon-shaped meteorite from the universe to attack. The meteorite is formed by the combination of the power of faith and the power of the starry sky. The stronger the power of faith, the greater the power!

The evolved Buggy directly obtained three powerful super skills!

The first could allow its deterrence to resist a divine deterrence like Eleven!

The second was a skill that could be said to be immortal like the time mark! Perhaps it could do the same thing as Susu in the future, infinitely reincarnating!

Third, just thinking about the power of the meteorite, Shi Yu could imagine how terrifying the destructive power of the Dragon Star Group could be!!

Most importantly, at this moment, Shi Yu could clearly sense that Buggy’s life force, energy value, and physique, which were originally shortcomings, were no longer shortcomings, but strengths!!

Just the huge energy value that broke through the overlord-level restrictions like Eleven proved how terrifying it was now!

Its physique had already exceeded a group of quasi Mythical races, divine dragons, and dragons. It became the strongest, approached Eleven, and became the second physique in the team.

Apart from that, it had also obtained the ability to survive fearlessly in the starry sky.

It could survive in the starry sky alone.

At this moment, Shi Yu was already riding on Buggy’s head. It had already returned to its normal hundred-meter-tall state under normal circumstances and was still peerlessly domineering.

“Roar!!!” Buggy, who had been repressed for a long time, finally felt that it had completely risen this time.

Under the shocked gaze of the Divine Source Legend, it began to fly with Shi Yu in the starry sky. Both parties were extremely straightforward!!

“Buggy, crush it!!!”

At this moment, Shi Yu, who was wearing a spacesuit, gently patted Buggy’s head and looked at a huge gray meteorite floating in the distance.

“Roar!!! (Alright!)”

In the next moment, Buggy strengthened its body through the power of imagination and obtained incomparable speed and strength in the form of a perfect dragon. Just its physical strength seemed to have turned into a green-gold light that brought Shi Yu to charge at the small meteorite with a diameter of a hundred meters like a meteor.

Boom!!!

A green-gold meteor streaked across.

Bang!

The huge meteorite was directly penetrated and exploded into powder.

This scene happened to be seen by the Beast Tamers of the snowfield who were attracted by the huge commotion.

They were extremely shocked. Although they didn’t know why the ten-thousand-meter-long green dragon had become smaller, at this moment, they looked at the mysterious human in a spacesuit half-squatting on the green dragon’s head and holding its head. They were directly stunned!!

“There’s actually someone riding that creature!!!”

“Who is it, who exactly is it? How is this possible? A legendary Beast Tamer?!”

Shi Yu and Buggy had naturally discovered them long ago. However, since they were allies of the Seven Nation Alliance, they ignored it.

These people didn’t have any safety awareness… They actually dared to come over directly with such a big commotion.

Shi Yu smiled and ignored them. Buggy’s body turned into a green-gold meteor again and surged in the cosmic starry sky!

…

My name is Divine Source. I’m a legendary Beast Tamer who specializes in Mechanics. Now, I’m very confused. After I woke up, I couldn’t understand the changes in this world.

At the same time, the dozen or so aerospace elites in the Xue Yuan Space Bureau also expressed their confusion!!

Apart from training the contestants of the World Tournament, the people here also had an archeological mission. However, they never expected that the team that went to the starry sky would send back a shocking scene just as they were about to return.

It was a short video of a green divine dragon shattering a meteorite in the incomparably dazzling silver ring star belt. If that was all, it’d be fine, but… The key was that on the head of the green dragon, there was actually a mysterious human Beast Tamer in a spacesuit! From the clothes, this wasn’t a Beast Tamer from Snowfield at all. Moreover, at the end of the video, there was also a shocking discovery of the mysterious Beast Tamer riding the green dragon. His identity was unknown!