Chapter 859 - 859 Green Dragon Cultivation Plan (3)

859 Green Dragon Cultivation Plan (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Soon, this meteorite reached a diameter of a thousand meters.

It was extremely shocking for it to become a huge asteroid.

The energy contained inside had already far exceeded the level of an overlord.

“Wait.” The Divine Source Legend hurriedly stopped and asked, “If it was on Blue Planet, could it still condense this move?”

Shi Yu said, “Yes! It’s just that the time required is longer.”

“But it’s alright, because it can condense at any time. Moreover, the condensation of this move mainly depends on the power of faith and the power of the starry sky. Be it condensing or mobilizing, it won’t cause too much energy consumption. It’s the same principle as borrowing the power of nature.”

“Even when it’s not in battle, it can condense a meteorite on Blue Planet when it’s bored and condense a meteorite group. When it needs to fight, it can summon the meteorite.”

“In terms of power, as long as there’s enough power of faith, although it’s at the overlord level now, it can cause destructive power that exceeds the demigod level. If there are no defense facilities, it can easily destroy a country with the power of the meteorite.”

“In a small country like the Heavenly Fox Nation, even the current Buggy can destroy it without any effort.”

Shi Yu was willing to call this move the strongest attack method in the team!

It was as impressive as Susu’s combination faith skill.

At the current stage, Baby Ginseng’s self-destruction and Eleven’s quasi-divine skill, Yin Yang Millstone, had to stand aside.

This move was actually similar to borrowing the power of nature. It wasn’t Buggy’s own power, but the power of the Green Dragon’s faith, so it easily gave it destructive methods that exceeded the overlord level.

From this moment onwards, Shi Yu could be said to be really not afraid of any totem faction.

If they wanted to be his enemy?

He would directly get Buggy to pull ten meteorites and smash them at their totem country to see who couldn’t take it first.

It was just a little inhumane.

It was destined not to be a skill that could be used casually in peaceful times.

It could be said that this was a skill comparable to a forbidden weapon.

Forbidden move.

It had to be banned.

Whether it was inside or outside the team, it couldn’t be used easily.

Otherwise, cities like Icefield and Wu Ling would probably instantly turn into nothingness and it would destroy the city in one hit.

If not for the fact that the surface strength and spatial strength of Blue Planet were strong enough, Shi Yu suspected that when cultivated to the extreme, this move could destroy an era and cause a large-scale extinction of creatures.

He could say that he was looking forward to Buggy perfecting the green dragon form and undergoing divine evolution more and more. Therefore, he had to collect the power of faith no matter what.

After all, condensing a meteorite consumed the power of faith. Although it was enough now, as time passed, if there was no replenishment, the faith skill would be expensive.

It was equivalent to saying that when the sea on Blue Planet dried up, Susu’s Blue Sea Contract would be useless.

Apart from that, Buggy’s immortal body and infinite reincarnation also needed the power of faith.

“Are you serious?”

At this moment, when he heard that Buggy could condense a meteorite at any time and hang it in the starry sky as a forbidden armory, the Divine Source Legendary directly shut down. You call this a “super skill”?

Even quasi-divine skills couldn’t achieve such an effect, right?

“You wouldn’t… use this move in the world competition, right?” the Divine Source Legend said.

If this move continued, it was afraid that the island where the World Tree lived would sink!

Although the World Tree would definitely defend, wouldn’t Dong Huang be banned by the World Tree after using it?

Blessing of the World Tree! The curse of the World Tree, more like!

“After all, it consumes the power of faith that’s very difficult to replenish. If the faith skill isn’t stronger, it’s not worth those dragon demigods going crazy over it.” Shi Yu smiled.

“But I think the World Tree shouldn’t prohibit any skills, right? After all, it’s the World Tree…”

Shi Yu recalled the book “About the matter of me forcing the judge to stop the battle because of a skill.”

In his opinion, the super skills like the Blue Sea Contract and the Dragon Star Group shocked him even more than Ling’s Wind Blessing.

No wonder those totems liked to play with faith to become gods.

Some faith skills weren’t necessarily weaker than quasi-divine skills of laws. Moreover, when faith skills were cultivated to the extreme, they could also touch laws and strengthen themselves.

If only the World Tournament could be broadcasted live… At that time, the status of the panda as Dong Huang’s national treasure would be completely unshakable. Perhaps Eleven could also have a faith skill in the future.

The Divine Source Legend was speechless.

With a “renewable forbidden weapon”, he actually couldn’t find a reason not to let Buggy collect the power of faith.

Just thinking about it… If thousands of meteorites more than a thousand meters in diameter or even larger hung in the starry sky of the universe, with the current world structure, as long as the Mythical Revival didn’t happen, which country would dare to start a war with Dong Huang?

….

After some communication.

The Divine Source Legend experienced an extremely complicated emotional change and began to bring Shi Yu back to Blue Planet.

The surrounding Beast Tamers of the Snowfield Nation also returned to Blue Planet dejectedly under the isolation of the mechanical legend.

At that moment, if not for the fact that the Divine Source Legend had persuaded Shi Yu, Shi Yu even wanted to ride the Green Dragon Buggy and even the meteorite condensed by Buggy just now.

At this moment, the most stunned was still President Lin!

At this moment, President Lin and the Dong Huang Team had already arrived at Rongguang.

However, not long after arriving at Rongguang, President Lin received an important report from the domestic Intelligence Bureau through special communication methods.

“President Lin, bad news. Not long ago, more than ten thousand faith items related to the Green Dragon Totem in the country filled with light.”

“That feeling is like faith resonance.”

“We even obtained news that not only Dong Huang, but similar things also happened on the Seven Islands, Dragon Palace City, and even the totem country.”

“I understand. Don’t worry about it.” President Lin hung up in silence and said calmly.

Then, he looked at the starry sky.

He looked in the direction of the Divine Source Legend and Shi Yu to evolve the green dragon.

President Lin: ◑o◐