Chapter 858 - 858 Green Dragon Cultivation Plan (2)

858 Green Dragon Cultivation Plan (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“This way, it’s impossible to use faith to become a god. Reaching the level of the Blue Sea Sprite is the limit.”

“Therefore, I wonder if I can introduce some policies in Dong Huang to nurture Buggy into a true Eastern Guardian God and let it obtain more power of faith.”

“The Dragon of Imagination skill still has two evolutions in the future. With the enhancement of stronger power of faith, next next time, no, next time, maybe it can evolve into a true Mythical race’s Green Dragon, not the current ‘Green Dragon prototype’.”

“If I want to have the ability of a god like the legendary Green Dragon, I definitely need more power of faith.”

The mechanical legend, Divine Source, was silent.

Shi Yu wanted to nurture believers in Dong Huang?

Back then, when he established the country, he destroyed the totem clan immediately. Those factions that believed in totems were all dealt with.

Was Shi Yu going to reverse history?

Such a faith system was very different from the current operation system of Dong Huang.

“How do you want to do this?” the Divine Source Legend asked.

Shi Yu said, “There’s no need to be too strict. Let’s just set up a new traditional festival of Dong Huang. It’ll be called the Green Dragon Festival. Dragon Raising Its Head will promote the Green Dragon culture. It’s mainly carried out among ordinary people, especially in the huge number of villages under third-level cities that rely on farming for a living.”

“They are the main force of faith.”

In Dong Huang, there were definitely more ordinary people than Beast Tamers.

“And the meaning of the Dragon Raising Its Head is the blessing of disaster eradication, smooth weather, and prosperity.”

Buggy was excited.

Was it going to become a big star?

Being a dragon was pretty good too?

“And fixed on this day, I will let it fly all over Dong Huang. With the power of imagination, it will really help the ordinary people eliminate disasters and bless them, allowing the faith zone to have good weather and prosperity.”

“Continue this for a hundred years, a thousand years, or even ten thousand years… With this faith, it can protect Dong Huang forever.”

Buggy thought it seemed tiring. Fortunately, there were clones and ginseng babies.

The Divine Source Legend fell silent again. Dong Huang currently had many guardians. Just Lin Feng alone had left many guardians behind.

However, most of these guardians ate, drank, and slept. Apart from Dong Huang encountering a disaster, they basically wouldn’t do these trivial things.

Although it was for the power of faith, was Shi Yu preparing to do it for real?

“I’ll consider it.” If it were anyone else who made such a suggestion, the Divine Source Legend would definitely ignore it. Since entering the modern era, there were very few areas in Dong Huang where they couldn’t afford food. After all, it wasn’t backward ancient times.

Therefore, the Green Dragon Festival was not very meaningful.

However, he had to consider Shi Yu’s suggestion.

This was because Shi Yu was a Beast Tamer with legendary aptitude in the true sense of the word. This worm had even done an unimaginable thing, taking the right step towards the Green Dragon God.

If Dong Huang could maintain the current situation, it naturally didn’t matter if there was one more or one less guardian. However, the problem was that there were no factions with continuous inheritance. He had to consider it in the long term.

In that case, maintaining the faith of the Green Dragon could become an indestructible trump card of Dong Huang like the mechanical phantom beast plan.

At this moment.

Shi Yu was looking forward to it.

Now, he hoped that the more power of faith Buggy had, the better.

The Green Dragon Festival was actually a traditional festival in China on Earth. On the second day of the second month of the lunar calendar, it was also a festival that surrounded the beautiful belief of the Dragon God. This festival mainly believed in the Green Dragon Astronomical Phenomenon. However, on this blue planet, because of the many wars in the totem era, very few traditional festivals were preserved.

Although there was the faith of the Green Dragon, there were no large-scale traditional holidays related to the Green Dragon.

This way, the faith of the fictional Green Dragon was actually very easy to break.

The Blue Sea Sprite had suffered a similar loss.

Shi Yu planned to imitate this holiday event when the time came. He would combine it with the national situation of Dong Huang and show the Divine Source Legend.

If Dong Huang didn’t allow him to do it, he could only go do it elsewhere.

For example, the Dragonman Empire.

After all, Buggy had two skills at this moment that were related to the power of faith. They had to utilize it.

There weren’t many gods who were willing to do real things. People had to believe Buggy more! He really planned to let Buggy fulfill the Green Dragon’s obligation.

After all, if he didn’t do this, it was impossible for Buggy to evolve into a real green dragon.

“Senior Divine Source.”

“Yes?”

“Tell me, can the world competition be broadcasted live?”

Divine Source: ?

“What do you mean?”

“If we can broadcast it live and let more people see the Green Dragon show its might, won’t its believers be very excited? Wouldn’t that allow it to gain more faith?”

“Apart from Dong Huang, its believers should be distributed all over the world, right?”

“So when we go to Inatella, can we suggest to the World Tree to follow the trend and do a competition live broadcast?”

Divine Source: …

Was this bastard going to the competition or to use it for his own gains?

“Let me see its faith skill first,” the Divine Source Legend said.

Shi Yu expressed his understanding.

He also wanted to see Buggy’s dragon star group.

“Roar!!!”

Buggy’s eyes were filled with invincibility.

Golden divine flames of faith flowed in its dragon eyes, dyeing its eyes golden.

Under the condensation of the power of the starry sky and the power of faith, in the cold and dark starry sky, soon, a huge meteorite condensed from nothing.

From a meter in diameter to ten meters in diameter and a hundred meters in diameter, the green-gold meteorite kept enlarging, and the energy contained inside became larger and larger. Just like that, it floated in the starry sky of the universe, making the mechanical legend gradually shocked.