Chapter 855 - 855 Evolution In The Starry Sky (6)

855 Evolution in the Starry Sky (6)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

In the Seven Islands area, there were also groups who believed in the Green Dragon Totem. At this moment, in the Green Dragon God Shrine, the witches also looked at the Green Dragon Statue that had appeared in confusion and shock.

He shouted for the legendary Divine Master.

Totem Nation, Dragonman Empire.

The surrounding totem countries were not unfamiliar with the ruler of the Dragonman Empire, the Tyrant Dragon King. This tyrant called himself the orthodox Green Dragon and also evolved towards the Green Dragon as a template.

However, in the form of a green dragon, it also required the citizens in the country, be it humans or transcendent creatures, to believe in themselves and the green dragon.

At this moment, this outstanding totem, the Tyrant Dragon King known as the most likely to become a demigod in the east, erupted with a terrifying aura in extreme anger.

It felt that its power of faith had been thrown into competition.

Its dragon eyes were filled with indescribable shock. It looked at the starry sky in confusion.

At the same time, in just a short while, the hot topic of the Green Dragon Divine Appearance rushed to the highest trending topic on the Dong Huang Network, causing a national discussion!!

If it was just an exception, it wouldn’t have caused such a big reaction.

However, the faith accumulated by the Green Dragon Totem for millions of years made its believers distributed to various levels. Although it wasn’t as vast and long as the real Blue Sea Sprite, it was still a power that couldn’t be underestimated. Otherwise, it would be very difficult for many totem half-gods to covet that power.

Of course, this situation also appeared in the huge dragon faction of Dragon Palace City.

“What happened?”

“Don’t tell me that the Green Dragon was really born because of the power of faith.”

In Dragon Palace City, the Sea Dragon King received the report of the Turtle Prime Minister with a doubtful gaze.

“Should we inform the Dragon God?”

No one knew that all the mutations came from the starry sky.

In the starry sky, spiritual faith fluctuations that filled the sky crossed space and gathered on the body of the Green Dragon Constellation.

At the side, the mechanical legendary’s gaze was already stunned.

He looked at the gathered power of faith in confusion.

Just like seeing Shi Yu’s pet master a quasi-divine skill, it was extremely stunned.

From the start, the mechanical legendary didn’t think that Shi Yu’s worm could evolve into a green dragon.

It wasn’t that easy.

He didn’t refuse Shi Yu’s request because he thought that even if the evolution failed, as long as he completed the evolution, his strength wouldn’t be weak.

Didn’t those dragon totem half-gods also evolve towards the green dragon and fail? But were they weak? No.

Therefore, with the thought that it was not a loss either way, he brought Shi Yu to the starry sky.

However, what made the mechanical legend unable to calm down was that at this moment, the Butterfly of Imagination during the evolution process was actually absorbing the power of faith from an unknown source.

How was this possible!

“Roar!!!!!”

Finally, the gathering of power of faith perfected the last body of the Green Dragon Constellation.

Accompanied by a dragon roar that resounded through the starry sky, its body completely formed under the green-gold evolution light.

Its body was ten thousand meters long and occupied the starry sky. It looked like a dragon, had two golden horns on its head, and was covered in green scales. Its eyes and tail seemed to be burning with golden spiritual faith flames, and its image was extremely shocking.

After the evolution of the era and the migration of history, the image of the green dragon was different. However, the green dragon that Buggy finally turned into was not inferior to any green dragon.

After all, apart from the form of the green dragon, Buggy had also integrated the perfect dragon concept optimized by the various dragon statues into it!

At this moment, Shi Yu’s heart was extremely excited, and it thumped.

At the side, the mechanical legendary was still in shock.

< Name > ???

[Attributes]: Spirit, Space, Dragon

Energy Points: ???

What… happened?

The mechanical legendary looked at the energy data in front of him… Another one that couldn’t be detected?!

He said in shock, “Shi Yu!!! Don’t tell me that it really evolved successfully!!!”

“It really evolved into a green dragon that can receive the power of faith of the green dragon!!!”

Boom!!!

“Roar!!!” With a green dragon roar, the shocking power erupted by Buggy swept through the starry sky.

Under the enhancement of the power of faith from Blue Planet, its phenomenon immediately broke through the shield of the mechanical legend and lingered in the entire Silver Ring.

“What’s going on!!!”

On the other side of the Celestial Ring Belt, a group of Beast Tamers from Snowfield who had already completed the corresponding mission and were preparing to return to Blue Planet suddenly looked into the distance.

With an incredulous expression, it reflected the shocking fluctuations transmitted from afar.

Beep beep…

Energy Points: ???

The huge energy wave was sensed by them even from afar.

At this moment, this group of Beast Tamers from Snowfield who originally planned to return to the country exchanged glances. In an instant, with the help of the cosmic flying device, they also flew into the starry sky and looked into the distance.

Then, they saw a shocking scene.

Along with hearing a shocking dragon roar that could resound through a vast distance even in the starry sky.

It was a ten-thousand-meter-long green dragon that circled the Silver Ring Star Belt and reflected under the Moon Palace. Its body was extremely shocked. In the face of its dragon roar, even the overlord pets and totem guardians beside this group of Beast Tamers in Snowfield were shocked and felt that it was unbelievable.

“Wait, what’s that?”

“Heavens, why would a dragon appear in space?!”

“What’s going on? Hurry up and record it and send it back to Blue Planet!”

At this moment, the Beast Tamers of Snowfield were also extremely shocked.