Chapter 852 - 852 Evolution In The Starry Sky (3)

852 Evolution in the Starry Sky (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

With Psychic power, he could easily overcome the harsh environment in this place without gravity and wouldn’t be too affected.

As for Buggy, it was even less of a problem.

“Wu!!!” As soon as it came out, Buggy indeed felt a strong starry sky radiation.

If it were Little Ji or Duckie, they would definitely immediately mutate and die!

So scary.

It hurriedly expressed that it should call Baby Ginseng out too.

It was rare for them to come here. It wanted to collect more starry sky mutation power and create some mutated starry sky fruits.

Just like Shi Yu, it was an old capitalist.

Baby Ginseng didn’t stop even when it came out to travel.

“Will the effect of summoning the strange water here be better?” Shi Yu also said.

No matter what, the most important thing now was to hurry up and evolve.

Their deadline was not the world competition in ten days.

After evolution, he had to go back immediately.

After all, Shi Yu still had to rush to Rongguang to participate in the archeological Conference and collect his Mythical resources.

Time was very tight.

“Then, Senior Divine Source, let’s begin.”

Shi Yu said to the mechanical legendary who had also followed out.

“Yes, go.”

“With me beside you, don’t worry and evolve,” the mechanical legendary said.

It felt very safe.

“Wu!” Buggy flew high into the starry sky with the radiation and the moonlight.

Its evolution didn’t have to be as troublesome as Eleven.

When Eleven evolved, it first had to perfectly break through to the overlord level. Then, with the foundation of the overlord level, it would digest the meteorite fragment and evolve into a Demon God Iron-eating Beast.

Then, with the help of superalloy, it completed the subsequent evolution.

But for Buggy, it just needed to directly absorb the power of the [Green Sky Divine Dragon Dragon Ball], [Starry Sky Strange Water], and [Dragon Transformation Fruit] in the spatial pocket. There were no steps.

Right on the heels of that, with the power of the three legendary resources, the Perfect Level Imagination Domain, the Dragon of Imagination, the overlord’s will, and the power of the mind domain, he imagined perfecting its green dragon body and completing evolution.

This process was in one go and continuous. However, it might take longer to evolve than other pets.

After all, three legendary resources could usually allow pets with outstanding aptitudes to break through to the totem level.

Absorbing such a huge amount of power at once and transforming them into “racial potential” was not a small project for Buggy of a middle-level overlord race.

< Name > Buggy

Race: Butterfly of Imagination

[Attributes]: Spirit, Space

[Race Level]: Mid-level overlord

[Level of Growth]: Monarch level

[Race Skill]:

“Levelless”: Worm Silk (Dao Proficiency)

“Low-level”: Psychic (Dao Proficiency)

“Advanced”: Dream Steal (Dao Proficiency), Space Pocket (Dao Proficiency)

“Super Level”: Imagination Domain (Perfect), Dragon of Imagination (Perfect)

[Teaching Skill]:

“Intermediate”: High Speed Healing (transcendent), Super Sight (transcendent), Heart Strike (transcendent)

“Advanced”: Absolute Sleep (transcendent), Illusory Phantom (transcendent), Deterrence (Dao Proficiency), Space Shackles (transcendent), Instant Transmission (transcendent), Concealment (transcendent), Multiplication (Dao Proficiency), Swarm Command (transcendent), Clone (Dao Proficiency)

“Super Level”: Space Control (Perfect), Anti-Demon Domain (Perfect), Ultimate Absorption (Perfect)

Normal Energy Points: 7 million+

[Will Level]: Advanced (Overlord’s Will)

Although Buggy’s heritage wasn’t as rich as Eleven’s and didn’t have as many racial skills, unlike Eleven, Buggy’s evolution skill was a racial skill. It was far more suitable for him than Eleven’s superalloy and Baby Ginseng’s mutation.

After checking Buggy’s data one last time, Shi Yu said,

“Come on,” Shi Yu ordered. Buggy, who had a gorgeous body, also took a final look at itself with reluctance.

In its aesthetic sense, it was more pleasing to the eye at the moment.

However, in order to become stronger, it didn’t want to be a worm.

The current change was only for a better future!

In any case, when the Dragon of Imagination reached perfection or even Dao Proficiency, it could still evolve again.

At that time, it would transform itself into the most beloved and perfect race.

As for now, it would make do with the dragon form first!

Buggy’s gaze gradually became firm. Then, it closed its eyes and entered the dream state, starting to fantasize!

Firstly, through the Imagination Domain, it mobilized the power of the surrounding starry sky to form a perfect evolution environment!

According to the legends on Blue Planet, soon, the first light appeared in the starry sky.

It was like a star or constellation in the dark and deep universe. Then, a second light appeared.

Second, third, fourth…

The seven lights that appeared connected to each other to become a domain, triggering the huge power of the surrounding starry sky, turning into the prototype of the Seven Eastern Constellations in the 28 constellations.

Jiao Su, Kang Su, Di Su, Fang Su, Xin Su, Wei Su, Ji Su… Before ascending to the starry sky, Buggy and the others spent a lot of effort. Soon, a ten-thousand-meter-long star domain that looked like a divine dragon was condensed by Buggy through the Imagination Domain and the power of the starry sky!

Of course, the current seven constellations were only there for looks. They could only be considered preparatory work.

Buggy was located among them, like the eye of the Green Dragon Constellation. It seemed to have used its combination profundity, the finishing touch.

“Interesting…”

The mechanical legendary was beside him. He looked at Shi Yu and the others who were preparing and focused.