Chapter 854 - 854 Evolution In The Starry Sky (5)

854 Evolution in the Starry Sky (5)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

At this moment, he could indeed sense that the power on Shi Yu’s body was all materialized from mental fluctuations, but what was with this incomparably vast power?

Hu.

At this moment, in the dark memory world, Shi Yu saw a Star Palace. It was a green dragon mural connected by a constellation. It emitted a mysterious magic power that touched Shi Yu’s heart. Immediately, Shi Yu’s psychic power directly connected to Buggy. The evolving Buggy also suddenly saw this mysterious mural.

The transcendent power on the murals was like faint starlight, constantly gathering towards its body like the power of the starry sky in the silver ring belt.

At this moment, Buggy, who had already felt its strength become more and more terrifying, felt that it was several times stronger than before.

“Wu!”

Boom!!!

In the 10,000-meter-long Green Dragon Constellation, Buggy finished the painting. The eyes of the Green Dragon Constellation were the first to open golden eyes identical to Shi Yu’s, like the eyes of a god circling in the ancient starry sky, staring at the small planet.

It wasn’t over yet.

Buggy and Shi Yu felt that this was not the end of evolution at all.

At this moment, Buggy had a magical feeling.

Apart from the power of the starry sky drifting in the starry sky, apart from the void power and natural power that filled various places, it could also sense another incomparably magical spiritual energy.

This pure spiritual energy was incomparably vast. It dotted the blue planet in the distance and resonated with Buggy.

In just a short moment, Buggy realized what this was.

It had actually sensed this power in the Heavenly Fox Nation.

This power appeared on the fox statues.

The power of faith.

That was the power of faith for the Green Dragon Totem and the Green Dragon Holy Beast!!

Buggy felt that it had absorbed the power of the starry sky, the Dragon Transformation Fruit, the Green Sky Divine Dragon Dragon Ball, and the power of Shi Yu’s heart… This couldn’t be considered to have completed the complete evolution of the green dragon.

Only by receiving the power of faith could he truly complete what many legends and demigods couldn’t.

It wanted to become a real green dragon.

“I need your strength.”

I need your strength.

The spiritual connection that crossed space was transmitted to the distant Blue Planet.

On Blue Planet.

Dong Huang, Green Dragon Village.

This was a small village under a third-level city. It was ordinary.

In the village, the strongest Beast Tamer was only a professional.

However, this village had a high-end and generous name, Green Dragon Village.

The reason was very simple. In ancient times, natural disasters wreaked havoc in the few villages around the Green Dragon Village. There was no harvest for farming, and the people were poor.

In order to survive, the people nearby began to worship the gods. They chose the green dragon totem made up by older people.

The Green Dragon Totem was known as the guardian god of the east. It had the transcendent ability to make everything vibrant. Although this ability was very common among many transcendent creatures, it was not so easy for weak ordinary people to come into contact with.

Since he wanted to believe, he naturally had to believe in the strongest.

Coincidentally, under the worship of the villagers of the Green Dragon Village, the surroundings really began to be smooth. Everything revived, and the entire Green Dragon Village was passed down in various disasters. Therefore, the custom of believing in the Green Dragon Totem was preserved here. It was passed down for hundreds of years, and the name of the village changed because of this.

Because the Green Dragon Totem was a fictional totem, ever since Dong Huang entered the modern era, it had never attacked the tribes that believed in the Green Dragon. Therefore, many tribes that believed in the Green Dragon were preserved and lived everywhere in Dong Huang.

At this moment, in the Green Dragon Temple in the Green Dragon Village, the village girl in charge of cleaning the Green Dragon Divine Statue widened her watery eyes. She looked at the Green Dragon Divine Statue that was filled with light for the first time in thousands of years and immediately ran out in shock.

“The Green Dragon Divine Statue has lit up, the Green Dragon Divine Statue has lit up!!!”

This kind of thing happened in many rural villages, but the most shocked group was still the knowledgeable Beast Tamers in big cities.

Divine Capital, Green Dragon Museum.

This was a museum that collected ancient items related to the faith of the Green Dragon God. The owner was a level-six dragon-element master. He looked at the empty Green Dragon Museum and saw that the items of the Green Dragon God’s faith flickered uniformly. He opened his mouth in shock and looked around, wondering if some senior was joking with him.

Impossible, absolutely impossible.

He was a top-notch master. Even if the other party was at the overlord level, they couldn’t pretend in front of him.

What… was going on?

In a luxurious villa in the Ancient Capital.

“Ah.” In front of a television, a curly-haired auntie sleeping soundly on the sofa suddenly woke up from her dream with a dazed expression.

“What’s wrong, honey? Did you have a nightmare?”

“What’s wrong, Mom?” Yu Shu said.

The father and son who were communicating at the side looked at this woman happily.

“It’s not really a nightmare. I just dreamed of the Green Dragon God and said that he wanted to borrow my power. It’s f*cking strange.” Yu Shu’s mother, the top-notch Dragon Tamer, cursed and lit a cigarette.

“You just haven’t rested enough,” Yu Shu said. He knew that his family believed in the Green Dragon God, so it wasn’t strange for his mother to have such a dream.

“But it feels pretty real,” Yu Shu’s mother said strangely.

This kind of thing happened everywhere in Dong Huang, even abroad.