Chapter 864 - 864 Kingdom Of Glory, Rongguang (5)

864 Kingdom of Glory, Rongguang (5)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Firstly, one didn’t know if the remaining soul in the pearl was friend or foe. Even if one purely treated it as a resource and prepared to devour the soul with the huge soul power as a strengthening resource, one had to be wary of the remnant soul inside that might counterattack. It could be said to be extremely dangerous.

Although devouring such a huge soul power was basically not a problem to reach the totem level, there was also a risk of being possessed.

…

< Name > World Tree Fruit

[Attributes]: Wood

< Introduction > It’s the fruit of the World Tree. It increases comprehension.

Among the three resources, the only one that wasn’t scammy was the World Tree Fruit. This was a gift from the World Tree to the Seven Nation Alliance in the last World Tournament and had been preserved until now.

It was similar to the blessing effect of the World Tree. It could increase the pet’s comprehension and allow a pet to train a super skill to transcendent proficiency in an extremely short period of time.

It could be said that eating this fruit could also let one become a totem, and it would be a totem that was purely cultivated by oneself. Its battle power would be very strong.

…

If nothing went wrong, if the seven countries could choose resources, they would definitely want the World Tree Fruit. After all, this was the most stable and had a wide range of applications.

Similarly…

The legendary resources stored in the alliance were more or less problematic. Otherwise, they wouldn’t have been left until now.

However, although there was a problem, it was still a Mythical resource. As long as they didn’t pay a huge price, everyone wanted it.

…

“It’s in the capital. Sigh, although it’s also a suburb.”

At this moment, Shi Yu didn’t know if he should be happy or sad.

At this moment, he had already arrived near the designated location of the hatching blueprint.

Rongguang, the Heavenly Fox, the Seven Islands, and Tingxiang. Among the four countries, Tingxiang and the Seven Islands had locations that were isolated. There were few people, so they casually went over.

As for the Heavenly Fox Nation, it was very difficult to deal with in the nest of overlord-level creatures. As for Rongguang, it was probably even harder to deal with in Rongguang Capital.

Shi Yu and the others descended in the east of the capital of Rongguang. Shi Yu passed through the center of the capital and arrived in the west.

Soon, Shi Yu arrived outside the huge family courtyard called the “White Rose Family”.

The map told him that the last hatching altar to hatch the Space Beast Egg might be inside.

Tsk.

However, after investigating outside the courtyard for a moment, Shi Yu surprisingly discovered that this legendary White Rose family was really not simple. It was actually passed down from a thousand years ago.

[The White Rose family’s talent is ‘White Thunder’. Hundreds of years ago, the princess of the family fell in love with the Space Emperor of Dong Huang and married from afar to become the 19th concubine of the Space Emperor… In hundreds of years, the White Rose family didn’t decline and was glorious. Even now, it’s still a huge monster that can still produce several legends.]

It was actually a family that had a marriage alliance with the Dong Huang Emperor family in ancient times.

The Space Emperor must have established the Starry Sky Altar here at that time.

“Forget it, I’ll just visit directly and get straight to the point. As long as the altar is still around, there’s definitely a way to use it. If the altar isn’t around, then it’s not around anymore. In any case, the altar in Tingxiang isn’t around either. At most, Ling’s research mission would be a little heavier…”

It was…

White Thunder talent?

It was referring to the White Thunder skill.

Why did Shi Yu feel that it was so familiar? Had he encountered a Beast Tamer with similar talent somewhere?

His expression gradually became strange.

“Who are you?” Just as Shi Yu thought of a possibility, a female voice came from behind. He immediately turned around and saw a man and a woman walking over.

The woman was in her twenties. Her long golden hair was combed into a ponytail. She was wearing a white knight suit with golden patterns on it. There was a knight sword at her waist.

The man was about 20 years old and was also wearing a similar knight suit. Shi Yu was not unfamiliar with this suit. It was the battle suit of the Knights of Glory. The Knights of Glory was similar to Dong Huang’s Beast Tamer Troops, but the organization was even looser…

At this moment, when he saw the man and woman, Shi Yu sighed in his heart. As expected.

“You, you, you…” At this moment, the short-haired young man in his twenties looked at Shi Yu, who was wearing a white casual suit with an iron-eating beast pattern, and widened his eyes.

“You’re Fu Andi,” Shi Yu said.

He was wondering why the White Thunder Talent was so familiar. Wasn’t this the Beast Taming Talent of the Rongguang Beast Tamer who went to Ancient Capital University to challenge a year ago?

The other party’s father was a member of the last Dong Huang World Tournament, but because his wife was from Rongguang, he settled here.

It was rare for this Fu Andi to follow his father back to Dong Huang. In the end, before he could warm up, he was beaten up by Shi Yu and Eleven.

It reminded Shi Yu of the book “A friend from afar must first suffer his willpower.”

“No, my name is Fu Dian!!!” The short-haired young man said angrily.

This guy was casually wrongly remembering other people’s names!

“Is it someone you know?” The tall woman in the knight suit looked at him.

“Cousin, this person is Shi Yu, the one who defeated me at Ancient Capital University. He’s also… the number one person below the legend level of Dong Huang, one of the contestants of the Dong Huang World Tournament.” Fu Dian’s expression was complicated.

Ever since he returned to the country, he had been cultivating hard, hoping to defeat Shi Yu one day.

However, Fu Dian originally thought that he could only find the chance to go to Dong Huang after he reached the Legend level.

However, to his surprise, with the arrival of the World Tournament, the communication between the seven countries became more frequent. He once again obtained the opportunity to follow the Rongguang exchange team to Dong Huang.

But this time, he heard a lot of bad news.

Who knew the complicated feelings he, who was still at the master level at that time, had when he heard that Shi Yu had defeated the Space Emperor’s secondary pet and become the number one person below the legend of Dong Huang?