Chapter 865 - 865 Glory Kingdom Of Light (6)

865 Glory Kingdom of Light (6)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Who knew his complicated feelings after learning that Shi Yu had developed the epoch-making Green Silkworm cocoon system and the mechanical phantom beast system?

Although he had also broken through to the master level, Fu Dian instantly felt that his sweat had been eaten by dogs after working hard for so long.

He was smart enough not to challenge Ancient Capital University again to avoid asking for trouble.

However, Shi Yu actually came looking for him.

“You’re Shi Yu?” The woman in the golden ponytail said in surprise, “My name is Lucille, a contestant in the World Tournament, a legendary Beast Tamer, Fu Dian’s cousin.”

She had also heard her elders mention this Shi Yu. He was very talented and had extraordinary strength. In his early twenties, it was probably not impossible for him to defeat an overlord level head-on.

“Hello.”

There was actually someone familiar. That was easy.

This legendary father of Fu Dian was from Dong Huang after all. It shouldn’t be a problem to welcome him warmly, right?

At the thought of this, Shi Yu smiled. Just as he was about to say something, there was a boom in the distant sky. A huge black vortex condensed. This change made Lucille and Fu Dian’s expressions change.

They quickly turned around.

“What’s going on?” Shi Yu also frowned and looked over. He felt a huge energy wave surge from the other side.

This situation was like the descent of a ruins mystic realm, but it wasn’t completely similar.

Soon, he realized.

“Demon Nation,” Lucille muttered. Her words made Shi Yu even more certain.

In the next second, Lucille summoned a Holy Lightning Beast and flew over.

Seeing this, Fu Dian didn’t hesitate. He summoned his Lightning Beast and followed.

Shi Yu scratched his head. The geographical location of Rongguang was very special.

They were in the same spatial position as the enemy country’s Demon Kingdom. The reverse space of the Rongguang Nation was the Demon Kingdom.

It could be seen as a super totem country in the same geographical location as the Rongguang Nation, but in different spaces.

Therefore, it was very easy for Rongguang to invade the Demon Kingdom or the Demon Kingdom to invade Rongguang.

Because of this, ordinary people were often bewitched by demons and fell into darkness in Rongguang.

“Damn it,” Shi Yu muttered. He had just found a guide and something happened. The Demon Nation was also an invited country to the World Tournament. They should have signed a truce agreement. It was impossible for them to come and cause trouble at this time.

After all, at this time, Rongguang had gathered many legendaries of the seven countries.

The other party shouldn’t be so bold.

However, if the Demon Kingdom wanted to come to this space, they had to descend into Rongguang. Perhaps they were passing by?

“It should be fine.” Shi Yu sighed and chose to follow Fu Dian and the others.

…

In the sky outside the capital of Rongguang.

Accompanied by the black cloud hole, a pale and handsome humanoid creature with gray hair and a pair of huge black wings descended into the sky.

His body was filled with an incomparable dark aura. The pressure instantly made the plants outside wither, making the sky dark and gloomy.

His eyes were filled with abyss-like magic power, as if it was the purest incarnation of darkness.

“Fallen Angel, Aldrich.”

The commotion caused by this creature’s descent was very big. Not only did Shi Yu and the others sense it, but the Rongguang Knights and Beast Tamers stationed nearby also rushed over immediately and looked at this evil humanoid life form in horror.

“Aldrich… What are you doing here?”

Lucille rode her overlord race pet, the overlord-level Holy Unicorn, and rushed to the scene immediately. She looked at the other party with hostility, but she was very nervous.

Although she knew that it was impossible for the Demon Kingdom to act recklessly at this time, due to the other party’s powerful pressure, Lucille, a legend, still couldn’t breathe.

Even someone like her was already pressured, let alone other Beast Tamers.

Fallen Angel, Aldrich, the eldest prince of the Demon Nation, an invincible overlord. He was born of the demigods and humans of the Demon Nation. 20 years ago, when he descended into the world, a phenomenon descended from the sky, and even the entire Rongguang lost the light for an entire day.

It was said that Aldrich had two souls in one body. He was both a human and a fallen angel, a hybrid life form that had mastered his Beast Taming Space, Beast Taming Talent, and top-notch extraordinary power at the same time. Because of this, no matter what, Rongguang wanted to eliminate this threat at that time. Even if it was at the risk of starting a war, it was unwilling to let this fallen angel grow up. It was only later that the Seven Nation Alliance used some unknown method to confirm that Aldrich’s Beast Taming Space could only contract with itself that they gave up.

Fallen Angel Aldrich ignored the Beast Tamers of the Rongguang Nation below and looked into the distance.

He had other things to do this time. He wasn’t here to find trouble with Rongguang, so he naturally couldn’t be bothered with this group of people.

Moreover, in his opinion, these people were too weak and not worth paying attention to.

These humans who were merely looking at him were covered in sweat already. They were not on the same level as him.

“Weak guys…” The Fallen Angel Aldrich emitted a powerful aura, and a deep voice came from its mouth.

At this moment, more than ten Knights of Glory and dozens of civilian Beast Tamers had already arrived. Their strength was different. The weakest were only at the professional level. Apart from a legend Beast Tamer like Lucille, the strongest was also Fu Dian’s father, who quickly rushed over from the White Rose family. However, even he, an old legend, was covered in sweat in the face of the mockery of the Fallen Angel Aldrich. The transcendent-level royal deterrence wrapped around the other party’s body was too strong, and it was difficult to look at it directly.