Chapter 861 - 861 Kingdom Of Glory, Rongguang (2)

861 Kingdom of Glory, Rongguang (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Wuu?”

Eleven looked doubtful and condensed a huge metal sword for Buggy to see.

Buggy decisively wanted to prove itself. It condensed a worm silk and cut over, but in the next second, the worm silk only left a white mark on the black sword. This stunned Buggy. Then, it shouted angrily that Eleven was a sore loser.

How was this low-level skill Hardening?

This was clearly using superalloy to harden the fusion of countless hardenings!

Using a transcendent-level super skill to bully its levelless skill, wasn’t it too much!

At the moment, Eleven’s skills, even the quasi-divine skill Yin Yang Millstone, were born from divine-level superalloy.

If not for this skill, it definitely wouldn’t have been able to achieve quasi-divine skills and Mythical races.

Therefore, Buggy immediately looked angry.

Damn it, if its evolution skill was also transcendent, it might be able to become a Mythical race.

“(.◕ˇ∀ˇ◕)Heh.” Eleven expressed that Buggy couldn’t do it.

When it was free, it should come and 1vs1 its physique!

“Yi! (As for the Green Dragon, won’t it be better to use the Imagination Domain to create an environment suitable for the growth of plants?)” Baby Ginseng also asked.

Its plant control proficiency had been raised to above perfection and was moving towards transcendent. As its ability increased, Baby Ginseng had more and more ideas recently. If it could have the gardener god, Green Dragon, as its assistant, would definitely help it improve at lightning speed.

Buggy: “?”

Could they ask some normal questions? Green Dragon wasn’t a gardener!!

Buggy turned around and looked at Chi Tong, Susu, and Ling. Eleven and Baby Ginseng were too unfriendly.

“Ji, Ji.”

At this moment, it patted its chest and expressed that it would thank Susu and Ling well.

After all, these two had helped it a lot in evolution.

It would try to help condense Susu’s Star Sea and Milky Way Domain.

On Ling’s side, it would also do its best to work with stronger abilities to assist in the research of the mechanical phantom beast system.

“Ning! ~”

“Yeah.”

Susu and Ling nodded in satisfaction.

“Ji.” However, at this moment, Buggy realized that Chi Tong’s expression was a little depressed. It was stunned for a moment and couldn’t help but comfort it. “Ji. (By the way, when my power of faith increases and the proficiency of the Dragon Raising Skill increases to perfect reincarnation, can you also turn me into a green dragon undead through undead revival? At that time, the green dragon undead and the reincarnation main body will be invincible! I’m not as timid as Baby Ginseng.)”

Baby Ginseng: “?”

So they were still thinking about using the time mark to create the undead ginseng baby!

In addition, was the Faith Reincarnation Skill for it to cheat?!

Its believers would cry to death!

“Mimi.” Chi Tong was worried because it calculated that it seemed to be the only one in the team who had never evolved?

In essence, the Spirit Release skill was still to unseal the power of its bloodline, like atavism, not evolution. It was thinking when it could also undergo evolution like Eleven and Buggy.

“(*+_+*) ~ Wu wu wu.” As it thought about it, Chi Tong started “crying”. It was so difficult, it was so bitter. Of course, it was basically impossible for the current Chi Tong to waver its heart and emotions over such a small matter. However, after seeing Eleven, Buggy, and even Baby Ginseng’s invincible evolution, Chi Tong was a little envious.

At that moment, it was purely for show. It looked like a drama queen, pretending to be pitiful.

Shi Yu, who was meditating: “…”

“I understand. I’ll arrange it after the world competition,” Shi Yu promised.

“Mi! (Yay!)”

Shi Yu sighed. Unfortunately, he had never explored any Vermillion Bird Ruins or Phoenix Ruins with extraordinary power in his previous life. Otherwise, he would also want to help Chi Tong evolve.

Shi Yu knew that Eleven and Buggy could successfully evolve because of their mental domains. If they left this, it might be an ordinary racial optimization. There would be no huge increase.

There were no quasi-divine skills or faith skills.

However, in theory, Chi Tong’s Interlocking Sword also had a chance to penetrate the power of Yin and Yang. After all, everything had two sides of Yin and Yang… In fact, compared to the Phoenix and the Vermillion Bird, Shi Yu still preferred the image of the “sword”. After all, he could also use it after possessing it.

If he didn’t like it, he wouldn’t have swung a wooden sword around during the vocation assessment.

Therefore, if there was a chance to help Chi Tong evolve in the future, Shi Yu planned to revolve around the concept of the sword and not the Sun God Phoenix race. With the successful cases of Eleven and Buggy, his thoughts became bold. What Vermillion Bird Sword and Xuanyuan Sword? He just had to bet.

He would directly use skill fusion to bet and fuse a quasi-divine skill, directly jumping to the Mythical race.

…

Rongguang, a country that believed in light.

Apart from the [Beast Tamer Association] under the alliance system, Rongguang also had two major battle power institutions. Together with the [Association], they were known as the three major battle power institutions of Rongguang!

These three institutions were respectively the [Beast Tamer Association], the [Glorious Knights Order], and the [Divine Church of Light]. The latter two were all related to the light element.

At the moment, Rongguang could be said to be extraordinarily lively.

As the country closest to Inatella, before the World Tournament began, the Beast Tamers from the other six countries who participated gradually arrived.

Shi Yu and the others were no exception. After completing their evolution in the starry sky, their direct destination was Rongguang.

A spaceship that descended from the starry sky quickly descended outside Rongguang.

Even with Rongguang’s technological power, it didn’t detect this uninvited guest from outer space approaching its country at a high speed.