Chapter 860 - 860 Kingdom Of Glory, Rongguang

860 Kingdom of Glory, Rongguang

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Xue Yuan Nation.

Ever since the Azure Dragon phenomenon scene was transmitted back, the video was immediately studied by several legends.

As they couldn’t detect the energy value of the green dragon, both the witness and the Beast Tamer in the Snowfield country subconsciously judged that this was a totem-level life form.

After all, overlords with energy values exceeding 100 million were really too rare. In comparison, totem level was not that rare.

Moreover, to be able to ascend to the starry sky, it couldn’t be as simple as an overlord.

Why did a green divine dragon appear in the starry sky?

Who was the mysterious Beast Tamer who controlled it?

Now, Xue Yuan was extremely puzzled, and even alarmed the legends of Xue Yuan.

“Lord Vader.”

In the Snowfield Space Agency, more than ten aerospace elites gathered and looked at the scene coming from the starry sky solemnly.

At this moment, a middle-aged man in animal skin armor with a dignified expression entered with the director of the Space Administration.

When the aerospace elites present saw this person, they immediately looked up and greeted respectfully, their hearts thumping.

The legendary God of War in Snowfield, Vader, came from a low-level soldier and rose up in the totem battle. He fought his way to the end of the war and became a legendary. He was the pillar of the entire Snowfield.

“Are our people back?”

“On the way back.”

The Snowfield Battle God, the legendary Beast Tamer Vader, looked at the green dragon in the video with a deep gaze and said, “Is this what you wanted me to see?”

“Lord Vader… One of the legendary Four Spirits of Heaven, the guardian god of the east, and also the god of fictional stars,” the director of the Space Bureau said. “In history, countless creatures evolved towards this legend. Countless Beast Tamers evolved their pets into this form in order to obtain the power of faith of the green dragon.”

“When our astronauts captured this scene in the starry sky, according to the spies everywhere, there were magical reactions from objects of the Green Dragon’s faith all over the world. No matter how you look at it, this isn’t a coincidence.”

Legend Xue Yuan said, “You mean, someone succeeded and evolved his pet into a green dragon.”

The legend of Snowfield was not unfamiliar with the Green Dragon. He had once fought in the east and chatted with the mechanical legendary and evolution legends of Dong Huang. He was a figure who stood at the legendary level. He naturally knew a lot about this kind of not-so-secret legend.

It was said that Emperor Shi, Emperor Wu, Empress, Dragon Emperor, Space Emperor, Lin Feng, and the other legends of Dong Huang had tried to evolve their pets into the legends of the Four Spirits of Heaven, but none of them succeeded.

Vader didn’t expect that at this moment, his subordinates would actually send information of someone suspected to have successfully evolved into a green dragon?

“Yes, it should be Dong Huang’s Beast Tamer. Our people don’t know that someone has come to the starry sky at all. Only Dong Huang and Shen Feng have this ability. Compared to Shen Feng, Dong Huang has a deeper obsession with the Green Dragon, so we determine that the Beast Tamer who evolved the Green Dragon and rode the Green Dragon should be from Dong Huang.”

“It’s just that his/her identity is still unknown. If this green dragon is at the totem level and they contracted it, is it possible that this is a new legendary of Dong Huang… Who is it? Could it be President Lin of Dong Huang? After all, he’s a descendant of Lin Feng’s legend.”

“Or is this green dragon an uncontracted creature?”

The Snowfield Battle God looked at the screen and said, “That old man Divine Source definitely knows something. He must have planned it.”

After a moment of silence, Vader said, “Have they achieved something that the legendaries of Dong Huang have never achieved? I wonder how strong that dragon is. Looks like I have to ask that old man in person about the situation. Let’s go to Rongguang.”

…

Outside Blue Planet, a spaceship was entering Blue Planet from the starry sky. Inside the spaceship, Shi Yu sat on the carpet and closed his eyes to meditate, consolidating the feedback from Buggy’s evolution breakthrough.

And in his legendary ruins, Buggy had already returned to its position!

Buggy’s evolved body was still a little big. In order to not waste too much physical strength, it still shrunk to the size of a water bottle when it wasn’t in a battle state. It was like a mutated Green Silkworm, lying on the ground smugly.

It took out the Ice-Eyed White Tiger, the Mountain Tortoise, the Green Scaled Dragon, and the Black Meteorite Yak Puppet from its spatial pocket.

After breaking through and evolving, Buggy immediately felt that these things were boring and took up a little space.

These puppets… were indeed useless to Buggy.

Even if it was a puppet of the Black Meteorite Yak.

It was still a question if it could withstand Buggy’s attack without collapsing.

It was basically eliminated after a few times.

Now, even legendary equipment was not very useful to Buggy.

Nothing was as useful as the power of faith.

Therefore, Shi Yu’s suggestion was to let Susu cleanse these puppets and pack them up in Dragon Palace City to treat the Sea Dragon King, the Ice Dragon King, and the others to roast meat.

He would treat it as a thank-you for the Dragon Transformation Fruit.

“Sob.” Everyone pointed at the evolved Buggy. For example, Eleven’s round body stood on the ground, its gaze filled with curiosity. It wanted to grab Buggy, but the divine dragon swung its tail and dodged.

“Wu wu wu. (Can you still spit silk now?)” Eleven waved its hands and asked.

Buggy : “…”

“Ji!! (Every dragon whisker now is the strongest silk with ever-changing changes. It can even cut through space and hardening!)”

Buggy looked invincible.

It felt that its current strength was not much inferior to the leader.

Without exhausting the power of faith, it was now immortal.

It was useless even if a Mythical race came.