Chapter 862 - 862 Glory Kingdom Of Light (3)

862 Glory Kingdom of Light (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Yes?”

Rongguang, the legendary hall.

[Rongguang Hero King] was currently receiving the legendary Beast Tamers [Tingxiang Elven Empress], [Seven Islands Valkyrie], and [Ming Hua Death God].

With the World Tournament imminent, legends of various countries appeared one after another. At this moment, they were gathered in Rongguang.

The next seven legendaries still had to supervise the archeological Conference. The two mythicals and many legendary resources in the alliance bank could only be distributed with their approval.

Although Rongguang’s technological methods didn’t detect a terrifying spaceship descending from the sky, it still couldn’t hide from the Rongguang Hero King’s perception. This seemingly old but extremely burly man in white armor immediately looked at the sky.

“Everyone, the legendary of Dong Huang has also arrived. Do you want to meet him together?” the Rongguang Hero King suggested.

“The Divine Source has arrived? But this old man actually used a spaceship to travel?” The Elven Empress of Tingxiang was speechless.

“Dong Huang.” The Seven Islands Valkyrie, who was wearing a battle-type kimono and had long black hair, spoke in an unfriendly tone.

After being extorted by Dong Huang and Dragon Palace City, she had never been very happy since she woke up. Her face, which was not inferior to the Elven Empress, was filled with hostility. As a mechanical cyborg, her appearance was the youngest among the legends.

“This way, we’re still short of Xue Yuan and Shen Feng,” an old man with silver curly hair wearing special purple clothes and a hunched body said lifelessly. A portion of his clothes was tied with a white bandage.

“Forget it.”

Seeing that these guys had no intention of welcoming the legendary of Dong Huang, the Rongguang Hero King shook his head. In that case, he wouldn’t go either. He would directly call the legendary of Dong Huang over.

…

“Oh, have you noticed me?” At this moment, in the spaceship that was still descending quickly, the mechanical legendary muttered to himself.

He had already received the Rongguang Hero King’s voice transmission that crossed the void, inviting him to meet directly.

“What’s wrong, Senior Divine Source?” In the spaceship, Shi Yu, who had already prepared to step into the Kingdom of Glory, was studying the parchment.

After arriving at Rongguang, the first thing he did was to run to the hatching altar left behind by the Space Emperor in Rongguang to assist Ling in studying the final starlight.

“It’s nothing. I originally wanted to stop outside the border of Rongguang and enter normally, but now that I’ve been discovered by Rongguang’s legendary, he invited me to go directly to the capital. In that case, let’s directly descend there.”

“Alright, then let’s go over directly. Hurry up and meet President Lin and the others,” Shi Yu said in anticipation. In short, the mechanical legendary still didn’t care. He still had to talk to President Lin about gathering the power of faith!

The mechanical legendary nodded. Soon, Shi Yu and the others crossed the void and descended in a rarely populated suburb of Rongguang Capital.

The huge spaceship disappeared. Shi Yu got down from it. The round robot-shaped red eye of the mechanical legendary looked into the distance.

“Next, contact President Lin and the others.”

“I want to see the legendary of Rongguang.”

“Alright.” Shi Yu nodded.

At this moment, the mechanical legendary was in a good mood. The meeting of the legendaries of the seven countries was like a parent-teacher meeting. At that moment, the mechanical legendary had already judged that it was very likely that his ‘child’ would get first place in the exam. His mood would naturally be a little strange.

He had already begun to look forward to the shocked expressions of the legendaries of the other six countries when they saw the appearance of a super genius like Shi Yu in Dong Huang.

Then, the mechanical legendary disappeared in the blink of an eye, leaving Shi Yu sighing on the spot.

This guy was really not worried that he would encounter danger.

“Let’s go.” Shi Yu hummed two nursery rhymes and took out his communication device. He was also in a very good mood as he went to meet President Lin, Principal Feng, and the others first.

Rongguang Capital.

President Lin was discussing the archeological Conference in two days with the president of the Rongguang Association and the president of the multinational associations. At this moment, although he wanted to communicate with Shi Yu as soon as possible, he really couldn’t leave.

After Shi Yu learned of it, he decisively came to look for Principal Feng, Senior Lu, and the others.

The buildings in the capital of Rongguang were mainly white. The temporary address of the Dong Huang team was also arranged in a beautiful white building complex.

“You’re finally here.” Principal Feng still didn’t know what Shi Yu had gone to do. In any case, it hadn’t been a day or two since Shi Yu liked to run around. When he saw Shi Yu, Principal Feng immediately said, “How’s the preparation for the archeological Conference?”

“It’s about time. When the time comes, I’ll just participate directly and fight for a Mythical resource!” Shi Yu smiled and said, “Principal Feng, where’s Senior Lu?”

“She went to Rongguang to ‘visit’ everywhere.”

“She must have gone to eat with Teacher Ying.” Shi Yu looked doubtful.

“In that case, I won’t delay any longer. Then I’ll directly find the Starry Sky Hatching Altar,” Shi Yu immediately said after greeting Principal Feng.

Principal Feng had a headache. Shi Yu was really a busy person, but it was also a good thing.

“Alright, it’s just that Rongguang has been mixed with good and bad people recently. At this moment, there are more than a hundred legend Beast Tamers gathered in Rongguang Capital alone. Stop it, don’t cause any trouble.”

“How could that be? I’m such an honest person,” Shi Yu said seriously.

“If you were an honest person, so many ruins wouldn’t have cracked!”

….

Rongguang Legendary Hall.

Upon the invitation of the Rongguang Hero King, the mechanical legend, Divine Source, arrived immediately. After he arrived, the legends present also looked at Divine Source’s temporary body in silence.