Chapter 867 - 867 Time Sprite

867 Time Sprite

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

After the fallen angel was shocked away, many gazes landed on Shi Yu and the young man who had appeared out of nowhere.

From the looks of it, there was still a huge difference between Dong Huang and Rongguang.

With the example of Legend Fu, everyone present quickly determined that Shi Yu might be an Easterner.

“Legend Fu?”

Shi Yu didn’t pay attention to Aldrich for too long. Instead, he looked at his black hair and eyes. Although he wasn’t young anymore, he was still considered a handsome legend. As expected, if one wanted to marry well, his strength and appearance couldn’t be too poor.

“Don’t you have to chase after that birdman?” Shi Yu said.

Legend Fu was silent for a moment before saying, “There’s no need. We’ve already raised our guard just now. Now, the Titled Legends and Mechanical Guardians of the capital have already locked onto it.”

“That’s good.” Shi Yu nodded.

As soon as he finished speaking, Lucille was still a little stunned. She looked at Shi Yu and said, “Was Aldrich very afraid of you just now?”

It wasn’t impossible for an invincible overlord with two souls like Aldrich to fight against totems above his level.

Just now, he was actually sweating and extremely nervous when facing this Shi Yu in front of him?

Why!

Shi Yu smiled and said, “I’m also very curious why he looks at me like that.”

Bullshit!

After Shi Yu finished speaking, everyone looked at him and felt that it was ridiculous. If he didn’t know, would he dare to talk to an invincible overlord of the totem country like that just now?

Aldrich was very afraid of Shi Yu. There was only one possibility: he sensed a threat from Shi Yu, and this threat might come from Shi Yu himself, or it could come from external forces.

At this point, Legend Fu was extremely silent. In fact, he was very unwilling to believe that Shi Yu, who was still in his first year a year ago, could have the strength to threaten invincible overlords a year later, even if Shi Yu was currently the number one person below the legends of Dong Huang.

He was more willing to believe that as an important researcher of Dong Huang, Shi Yu had received very strict protection. He even had a trump card that was enough to threaten the totem. Aldrich could sense it. Only then would it make more sense.

Of course, it was difficult for him to determine what it was without evidence…

“Miss Lucille, I was halfway through my sentence just now. I actually came this time to visit the ‘White Rose’ family. Are you free now?” Shi Yu said immediately.

…

At the legendary meeting.

Not long after, the news of the descent of the Demon Kingdom’s Prince Aldrich arrived.

“This guy.”

The Rongguang Hero King had an unfriendly expression and said, “He’s getting more and more arrogant. I wonder how arrogant it will be after it steps into the totem level. I should have killed it back then.”

“But speaking of which, you should know Shi Yu, right, Divine Source? My subordinate said that he only looked at that fallen angel and scared it away? Did you give him any mechanical equipment?”

“You protect this genius who developed mechanical phantom beasts very well.”

“Uh.” The mechanical legendary was stunned. Why was Shi Yu related to Aldrich again?

As for mechanical equipment…

He had this thought at that time.

However, when he thought of how Shi Yu had two overlord-level pets with energy values exceeding 100 million, a divine beast cub with quasi-divine skills of luck, and the ruins space that could be teleported with casually on Blue Planet, Divine Source felt that unless he gave him forbidden weapons, no equipment was useful to Shi Yu.

As long as Shi Yu didn’t go to the demigod’s territory to wander, there would basically be no problem.

Although Aldrich was strong and was known as the creature closest to a Mythical race, he was still a little inferior to Shi Yu.

“Such a courting death young man should be protected well. I hope he won’t come to the Seven Islands again.”

Upon hearing the name Shi Yu, the Seven Islands Valkyrie said coldly and looked at the Divine Source Legend.

The culprit of the Seven Islands incident was this Shi Yu. The Seven Islands Valkyrie knew very well.

Although Shi Yu had changed his identity, it was not difficult for a legendary expert like her who was proficient in the power of space and time to investigate the cause and effect.

“Don’t pout your face on all day.” At this moment, the Elven Empress smiled at the Seven Islands Valkyrie and comforted her. However, no matter how one looked at it, her smile was very weak.

“In addition, don’t think of bullying Shi Yu. He signed a contract with our Courtyard elf.”

Before the Seven Islands Valkyrie could say anything and ignore the Elven Empress, the Divine Source Legendary wanted to complain about the Elven Empress. She actually took advantage of his sleep to tie Shi Yu with Tingxiang.

That brat Lin Xiao didn’t know to look after Shi Yu. What was there to contract with elves? It was better to contract another mechanical phantom beast.

At this moment, the Rongguang Hero King, the Snowfield Battle God, and the Ming Hua Death God couldn’t help but be interested when they saw that this number one person below the legends of Dong Huang was remembered by so many legendaries. They might not know who Ye Xing and the Divine Bell were, but Shi Yu, who had recently developed a mechanical phantom beast, was undoubtedly a newbie who could leave these legendaries with fresh memories.

…

Next, Shi Yu got his wish. Under the reception of Legend Fu, Lucille, and Fu Dian, he arrived at the White Rose family.

No one was surprised that Shi Yu had come to Rongguang. After all, the World Tournament and the archeological Conference were imminent. No matter which one Shi Yu participated in, he had to come to Rongguang first.

However, why was Shi Yu visiting their White Rose family?

In an elegant living room, Shi Yu looked at the steaming tea leaves in front of him and went straight to the point. “Senior Fu, the White Rose family should have a deep relationship with the Space Emperor hundreds of years ago, right?”