Chapter 869 - 869 Time Sprite (3)

869 Time Sprite (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Cousin…” Beside her, Fu Dian was shocked. Ah, this, wasn’t this a loss? Dong Huang publicized that Shi Yu was a level-six Beast Tamer, the number one person below the legend level. As a legend, regardless of whether she won or lost, wasn’t it meaningless?

“No problem, but wait until the pet egg finishes absorbing the nutrition,” Shi Yu said with a smile.

“Alright.” Lucille nodded and said, “Then I’ll wait.”

Seeing this, Legend Fu didn’t stop him. He also wanted to see Shi Yu’s strength. Just now, did he rely on external forces… or was it Shi Yu himself?

After bringing Shi Yu here, Fu Chuan and the others didn’t disturb Shi Yu anymore.

Soon, only Shi Yu and Ling were left at the Starry Sky Altar.

Research was the most boring. It was definitely impossible for Shi Yu to study here with Ling. He immediately went into a daze and looked inside the legendary ruins.

When they returned from the starry sky, because of the pressure, Little Ji, Duckie, and Qi of the second team fell asleep and rested. However, after sleeping on Baby Ginseng’s special incense bed for a while, the three pets woke up.

At the moment, Little Ji and Duckie were still commander rank. Because Ling had more missions, it temporarily didn’t have time to study Little Ji, so its strength didn’t increase noticeably. As for Duckie, it should be able to improve pretty well after a while.

It was mainly because Baby Ginseng’s plant control had been upgraded to above perfect level. If it could reach transcendent, the effect of the Reincarnation Fruit it created would definitely be better. At that time, perhaps the duck could rely on the Reincarnation Fruit to complete its evolution and return to its Abyssal Demon Duck state.

Now, because of the World Tournament, Shi Yu didn’t have time to care about them for the time being. As for after the World Tournament, Shi Yu planned to stop adding points for a period of time and pay more attention to the second team to rest. He had been exhausted recently. After all, the second team didn’t need to add points. If he brought them to play, he could take more time to meditate and cultivate or even slack off.

“Eh.”

At this moment, Shi Yu’s gaze landed on Qi.

After waking up, Qi changed into the [Thunder God Set] and ran to the [Heavenly Thunder Zone] for special training.

After Qi joined the team, in order to train Qi better, Shi Yu upgraded its Umbrella of Time. With the help of a team of six pets, he spent another billion to buy various materials. They created six sets of armor and replaced the previous weapons and equipment. At the moment, Qi was wearing the purple Thunder God Set. It was made of light metal armor and a purple saber. When this image appeared, Qi would enter Eleven’s Thunder Armor state and obtain powerful strength, speed, and lightning resistance. At the same time, the saber in its hand could allow it to summon the power of natural lightning.

In order to train Qi’s control over the power of nature and will, the artifact spirit was temporarily removed by Buggy. The originally powerful battle equipment instantly became a life-threatening training device. Every time she finished training, Qi felt that her body didn’t belong to him.

Apart from the [Thunder God Set], there was also the [Gravity Set], [Sun God Set], [Machinery Set], and so on.

“Sword Skill, Heavenly Thunder Slash!”

If it weren’t for the fact that Baby Ginseng’s nutritional supplements and medicine were powerful enough, Qi didn’t even know if she could persist in such arduous training.

Rip.

Heavenly Thunder District.

In an area with rich lightning energy.

Qi, who was wearing the Thunder God Armor Set and holding the Thunder God Saber, looked at the sky with a burning gaze. As she triggered it, the black thundercloud in the sky instantly struck a thick heavenly lightning. The heavenly lightning was like a dragon as it surged over.

Under the strong wind, Qi’s gaze was firm as she made a posture of drawing her saber. When the heavenly lightning descended, her pink hair instantly stood on end, and lightning lingered around her body. The tachi in her hand swung at the heavenly lightning in an indistinct manner.

Swoosh!

The lightning sword light and the heavenly lightning instantly collided. A small portion of the heavenly lightning was immediately cut open, but in the next moment, a terrifying lightning directly swallowed Qi in an instant and sent her flying dozens of meters away with a boom.

Qi: (*+_+*)

So numb…

If not for the Thunder God Armor, Qi would have lost consciousness.

“After returning from the starry sky, her willpower level has finally reached ‘low’.”

Shi Yu looked at Qi’s situation and smiled.

This level of willpower had already caught up to Baby Ginseng and the others before the National League.

It looked like Qi was still talented.

Qi’s will level had broken through, which also meant that Shi Yu was prepared to let her learn Mythical Revival.

Of course, not through direct teaching.

Otherwise, even with the Sea Cleansing Spirit, low-level willpower was still too difficult.

Instead, she learned through the memory water drop that Shi Yu, Ling, and Susu had prepared in advance that contained the entry-level Mythical Revival experience.

Coupled with the cleansing sea spirit left behind by Susu to cleanse the Poison Dragon, even if it was a low-level will, it shouldn’t be difficult to master Mythical Revival.

It was just that it might take longer.

At the moment, Qi had yet to master any transcendent skills and could only rely on equipment to use them.

However, it wasn’t a big problem. When she learned Mythical Revival and had a more solid foundation, after awakening some divine power, Shi Yu was prepared to give her the legendary resource, the Nature Fruit, that he had obtained from Tingxiang. At that time, with the power of nature and six sets of armor, even if the divine power didn’t awaken, she could have pretty good battle power.

“Qi.”

Shi Yu entered the ruins space and came to Qi, who was lying on the ground and had yet to recover from his paralysis.

“Shi… Shi…” At this moment, Qi couldn’t even speak coherently. It was as if she had eaten ten pounds of pepper, and her pink hair trembled.

Shi Yu sighed and said, “Suspend training… Switch to [Life Set].”