Chapter 868 - 868 Time Sprite (2)

868 Time Sprite (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“It’s… a certain little princess of the White Rose family who was once the concubine of Senior Space Emperor,” Fu Chuanqi said after being stunned.

This was recorded in the White Rose family. Why was Shi Yu asking this?

“I want to know if Senior Space Emperor left a special altar with the White Rose family at that time.”

Legend Fu, Lucille, and Fu Dian looked at each other in surprise. Legend Fu said, “Dr. Shi Yu, how do you know? There’s indeed a special altar passed down from ancient times in the White Rose family.”

“It’s just that… no one knows the specific function of this altar now. It’s just that it’s easier to sense the power of the starry sky near the altar.”

Shi Yu revealed a happy smile and said, “There really is? That’s right. This altar is actually an altar to assist in absorbing the power of a specific starry sky. It was established by Senior Space Emperor to hatch a certain starry sky pet.”

“As for why I know, it’s because when I explored the Space Emperor Ruins, Senior Space Emperor’s pet, the Void Mantis, not only entrusted the pet egg to me to hatch, but it also told me the location.”

“Therefore, my intention is to borrow the Starry Sky Altar of the White Rose Family. I wonder if it’s alright?”

“This…” Legend Fu never expected that the sealed altar of the White Rose family was actually used to hatch pets.

He said almost without hesitation, “Of course. This was also left behind by Senior Space Emperor.”

Shi Yu’s friendship was greater than the value of the Starry Sky Altar. Soon, Legend Fu came to such a conclusion in his heart, so he made his own decision without needing to discuss with the family.

“Thank you very much.” It was as smooth as Shi Yu imagined. He immediately said, “Then, Senior Fu, can you bring me to see that Starry Sky Altar now?”

“Alright.” Legend Fu nodded. It looked like he was doing pretty well with the White Rose family. He had the right to speak. That made sense. After all, he was a legend level character.

To be able to be a legend contestant in the Dong Huang World Tournament 20 years ago, his talent and strength were definitely worth affirming.

Soon, under Legend Fu’s lead, Shi Yu arrived at the back mountain of the White Rose family and arrived at the dusty Starry Sky Altar.

Shi Yu was especially happy to see the last Starry Sky Altar.

“I wonder how long it will take to hatch the pet egg with this altar,” Fu Chuan asked.

“About one to two days. I can’t be sure of the exact time,” Shi Yu said.

“Then why don’t you stay here for the next two days, Dr. Shi Yu? I’ll get Dian to arrange a place for you to stay.” Fu Chuan looked at Fu Dian and said, “You can let my good-for-nothing child learn from you.”

At the side, Fu Dian’s face darkened. Damn it.

Back then, when he was beaten up at Ancient Capital University, this father didn’t have this face.

At that time, Fu Chuanqi told him that if he worked hard, he wouldn’t lose to anyone.

Why had Shi Yu become a role model now?

“Thank you.” Shi Yu nodded. Since Legend Fu was so polite, he naturally had no problem. “But just me guarding the altar is enough. I have the ruins space with me, so I can stay there.”

Legend Fu said, “Alright, in that case, if you have any needs, just call Dian or Lucille.”

Shi Yu nodded again.

Then, he looked at the Starry Sky Altar.

He took out the Space Beast Egg that had also been sealed for a long time and placed it on it.

In the next moment, the Starry Sky Hatching Altar was activated.

A dazzling light connected the starry sky and the altar. The white and purple-striped pet egg on it absorbed nutrition to its heart’s content.

Seeing this, Fu Chuan and the others revealed shocked expressions. This altar was really an incubation altar.

Their gazes carefully locked onto the pet egg.

The pet egg left behind by the Space Emperor… This legend even spent a lot of effort to choose an incubation location overseas.

What kind of creature would hatch?

“Ling, I’ll leave this to you. Please take care of the hatching process of the pet egg.”

Following that, Shi Yu summoned Ling, who looked like a Rubik’s Cube.

Under the purple summoning array, Ling’s image gradually appeared.

Absorbing starlight this time was actually a small matter. The most important thing was to let Ling further deduce the different nutrients needed for the hatching of this pet egg.

At this moment, as Shi Yu summoned Ling, Lucille and the others were slightly stunned.

Level-six Beast Tamer…

Shi Yu was indeed not a legend.

Such strength reduced the possibility that the fallen angel had been frightened away by Shi Yu just now.

However, as a Knight of Glory, Lucille wore a detection device. At this moment, she silently looked at the energy value of the mechanical little Rubik’s Cube in front of her.

Energy Points: 22,710,000

Monarch-level mechanical life form…

This energy value should be an explosive state after a skill increase. It couldn’t be the normal state, right?

“Alright, Master.”

After Ling received the order, it immediately looked at the pet egg.

“Dr. Shi Yu.” At this moment, she looked at Ling and Shi Yu. The Knight of Rongguang, Lucille, who had just encountered the fallen angel Aldrich, said, “Dr. Shi Yu, when you have time, can you spar with me?”

Lucille, who had a long golden ponytail and was wearing a white knight suit, said. As expected, she was still quite concerned about the situation just now.

Lucille wanted to verify if Shi Yu had relied on his own strength or external forces to scare the fallen angel Aldrich back. She had always been extremely curious, and this time was no exception.