Chapter 866 - 866 Kingdom Of Glory, Rongguang (7)

866 Kingdom of Glory, Rongguang (7)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Aldrich…!” However, although Aldrich was very powerful, this was human territory after all. Legend Fu subconsciously prepared to fight back forcefully. Using words, he planned to expel this guy from the border of Rongguang first.

But at this moment, no one expected that the Fallen Angel Aldrich, whose gaze was filled with arrogance and whose expression was insufferably arrogant just now, suddenly had a drastic change in expression and suddenly looked in a direction.

Like a beast’s intuition, the Fallen Angel Aldrich’s gaze instantly landed on Shi Yu, who was leisurely walking over in a panda casual suit. Then, he was covered in sweat.

“Roar!!!!!”

When it met Shi Yu’s gaze that contained a golden luster, the Fallen Angel Aldrich seemed to see a green divine dragon entrenched in the starry sky roaring in its spiritual world. At this moment, with a crack, what shocked the Fallen Angel Aldrich was that in an instant, its spiritual world seemed to be at risk of shattering.

A huge fear rose in his heart out of thin air.

An extremely strong mental strength told the fallen angel Aldrich that the life in front of him was extremely dangerous. It was far more ferocious than any ordinary totem in the Demon Kingdom. If he became enemies with it, there would definitely be the threat of death.

How was this possible… The Fallen Angel Aldrich looked at this ordinary human in shock. Its entire body had already stiffened. It didn’t understand what was wrong, didn’t understand why it was so afraid when it saw the other party…

“What are you looking at?” Shi Yu, who had arrived slowly, looked at the fallen angel looking at him in the sky. This was the first time he had seen an angel. However, it was actually not a female angel. Bad review, and the dark aura was too strong. Bad review, probably only the Glory Divine Church could contract and summon a light-element angel.

In Shi Yu’s eyes, this fallen angel was undoubtedly better at acting tough than him. It actually wrapped deterrence around its body at all times. Although the other party’s deterrence level was indeed high, it was very rude, alright? In order to defend against the other party’s indiscriminate pressure, Shi Yu could only connect his mind with Buggy.

It was this action that directly broke Aldrich’s defense.

‘What are you looking at’… ‘What are you looking at’…

At this moment, many Rongguang Beast Tamers looked at Shi Yu, who had spoken to the fallen angel, in shock. They didn’t know where this kid came from, but what was even more unbelievable was that at this moment, Aldrich no longer had his previous arrogance. Instead, he looked at Shi Yu with a serious expression.

“Who are you?”

“Who are you? Can you retract your deterrence? It affects the environment very much,” Shi Yu said.

At this moment, Aldrich was silent. He was rather afraid of Shi Yu and directly didn’t say anything. He put away the deterrence wave and turned to leave.

On the spot, Shi Yu looked at this strange guy and shook his head.

< Name > Aldrich

[Race]: Fallen Angel

[Attributes]: Dark

[Race Level]: High-level overlord (Quasi Mythical)

[Level of Growth]: Overlord

Energy Points: 98,380,000

< Introduction > He’s the eldest prince of the Demon Nation. He has two souls in one body and is extremely dangerous. He’s suspected to be one of the participants of this world competition!

This guy was indeed capable. He was much stronger than the heirs of the Dragon Empire and the Dark Night Forest.

However, if the trump cards of the totem country were only at this level, things would indeed be stable!

He felt that a Buggy could sweep through everything.

When facing the heirs of the Dragon Empire and the Dark Night Forest, he still had to be careful, but now, he was invincible!

At this moment, if the Rongguang Beast Tamers present still didn’t know that Aldrich was very afraid of the young man in front of them, they wouldn’t be able to survive. Even Lucille and Fu Dian looked at Shi Yu in extreme disbelief, not understanding why Shi Yu could make Aldrich so afraid and make him feel like he was facing a great enemy.

“You’re… Shi Yu?” At this moment, Legend Fu, who had also arrived at the scene, suddenly recognized Shi Yu and said in disbelief. Impossible. Even if it was a Titled Legend, he couldn’t make Aldrich so afraid, right!

He instantly recognized this kid who, at the same time, beat up his son and Legend Yin’s son, making him the culprit behind their worries!