Chapter 863 - 863 Kingdom Of Glory, Rongguang (4)

863 Kingdom of Glory, Rongguang (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

However, no matter what this person turned into, many legendaries present didn’t dare to underestimate him.

“Divine Source!!!”

Along with the mechanical legendary came the legendary of Xue Yuan, Snowfield. He pushed the door open and entered, not caring about the other legendaries in the room. “That person in the starry sky is indeed your Dong Huang’s Beast Tamer, right?”

“What starry sky?” In the room, the Elven Empress smiled and said, “You guys went to explore the starry sky again? I was wondering why Divine Source drove the spaceship over.”

The Snowfield Battle God said, “Then you have to ask Divine Source. Dong Huang just caused quite a commotion in the Silver Ring Belt.”

“You’re pretty well-informed,” Divine Source said indifferently.

“What happened in the starry sky?” the Rongguang Hero King asked.

“Our Beast Tamer carried out a mission in the Silver Ring Belt and discovered a Beast Tamer in a spacesuit controlling a green dragon in the starry sky.”

“‘Green Dragon’, the Green Dragon you’re talking about, do you mean a green dragon, or…” The Seven Islands Valkyrie glanced at him.

“The Four Spirits of Heaven, ‘Green Dragon’, that legendary creature. If nothing goes wrong, your Dong Huang should have cultivated a creature extremely similar to the Green Dragon, right? It can even mobilize the power of faith related to the Green Dragon.”

“What!” The expression of the Seven Islands Valkyrie changed. Among the seven countries, the two countries that knew the Green Dragon the best were definitely Dong Huang and the Seven Islands that were most affected by Dong Huang’s culture.

At this moment, when she heard that Dong Huang had even evolved into a conceptual divine beast like the Green Dragon, the Seven Islands Valkyrie was immediately stunned.

To be able to mobilize the power of faith of the Green Dragon, in terms of potential, the weakest version of this was at least at the demigod level.

It was no wonder that the legendary of Snowfield was so excited.

There were also many Beast Tamers on the Seven Islands and many transcendent creatures that tried to evolve the Green Dragon, but none of them succeeded.

How did Dong Huang do it? How did it mobilize the power of faith of the conceptual god?

Many legendaries instantly looked at the divine source.

“It’s not that exaggerated. It’s just closer to the Green Dragon,” the mechanical legendary said calmly.

It was just a quasi Mythical race that could casually summon a few meteorites. It wasn’t worth paying attention to!

After all, that guy still had two Mythical races in the team, as well as the Blue Sea Sprite that was not inferior to the Green Dragon.

Calm down, calm down.

“It’s actually true?” The Elven Empress was stunned. Then, she felt stifled. How lucky was Dong Huang!

She recalled Shi Yu, who had contracted a Mythical race, the Wind Kirin.

“Who is it?” Vader asked.

Legends like the Rongguang Hero King and the Ming Hua Death God looked at the Dong Huang mechanical legendary and wanted to ask who it was, which Beast Tamer’s pet it was, or if it was personally cultivated by a member of Dragon Palace City or Divine Source.

This was an achievement that had never been achieved in the legends of Dong Huang. In this generation, someone actually did it?

However, Divine Source couldn’t be bothered to tell them directly. Instead, it said to the Snowfield Battle God, “Speaking of which, why did your Snowfield run to the starry sky again?”

The Snowfield Battle God sat on the sofa and said, “Stop changing the topic.”

“You don’t have to say to know that it’s either archeology or training,” Divine Source said.

“Both, right? However, archeology in the starry sky… Looks like your Xue Yuan is determined to get the Mythical resources of the Alliance,” the mummy-like short old man said with a smile.

“Which one does Xue Yuan fancy? There are only three Mythical resources left in the alliance, right? When the time comes, will we choose two out of three?”

“Doesn’t that mean that whoever chooses first will benefit?” the Elven Empress said.

Mythical resources.

It was impressive, but not impressive.

If the legendary resources cultivated overlords by 100% and totems by 10%…

Then the Mythical resource was 99% when it came to cultivating to totem level.

However, being the remaining Mythical resources left in the Alliance, it was definitely not a top-notch Mythical resource like the Undying Fruit.

Otherwise, it would have long been schemed away by the various countries at that time.

What was left were some Mythical resources with relatively harsh conditions.

< Name > Heart of Eternal Frost

[Attributes]: Ice

< Introduction > It’s an ice heart that contains the power of the ice-element law. It can freeze the flow of life, but the user can’t revive from the eternal freeze before comprehending the ice law.

This was a Mythical resource that could make one almost “eternal”. It could make one fall into an eternal frozen state through the Eternal Frozen Heart. In this state, one’s life wouldn’t be lost, and it was equivalent to a different kind of eternal life. Moreover, one could comprehend the law of ice during this process and become an ice-element demigod.

It looked like a very top-notch Mythical resource, but the conditions to use it were extremely harsh. This was because if one couldn’t comprehend the Ice Law, it was equivalent to completely dying and forever being unable to break through the seal.

This was not the only Mythical resource. It came from the snow land in the extreme north. 2000 years ago, a top-notch totem used another Eternal Frozen Heart. Unfortunately, until now, that top-notch ice-element totem had yet to break through the seal. Its race had already been extinct, and the era had already changed, but it could only sleep in the ice.

It could be said that using this resource required great patience. It was equivalent to directly sleeping for thousands of years. When the user woke up, the seas and lands would be different already.

…

< Name > Soul Pearl

[Attributes]: Undead

< Introduction > It’s a wisp of soul from the Mythical Era. It’s in a deep sleep. Its energy level has maintained at level ten Mythical until now.

The second resource was even more scammy than the first Mythical resource. The first resource at least let the user see hope of becoming a demigod, but this one was purely scamming.