Chapter 874 - 874 Living Mythical History (3)

874 Living Mythical History (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

To be honest, back then, when he saw Shi Yu participate in the National League, President Lin originally thought that Shi Yu’s team was already luxurious enough. Who knew that in less than a year, the team had completed an epic evolution?

“I’m using the Starry Sky Altar to hatch that pet egg on the White Rose family’s side.”

“White Rose family…” President Lin was stunned.” Is there enough time? Don’t delay the archeological Conference. ”

Shi Yu smiled. “Don’t worry, it won’t be delayed.”

Moreover…

There would be a big surprise.

He had obtained many secrets of the Mythical Era from Qi.

It was definitely shocking enough. It was definitely explosive enough to shake the seven countries.

At that time, he would credit it by saying it was in Ling’s memories where they had spied on this info in the fossil dream.

He wondered how many resources he could get.

At the same time, the White Rose family learned of Shi Yu’s arrival. Legend Fu’s wife, Legend Lucille’s father, and two more legends returned to the family.

The configuration of a family of four legends could be said to be quite luxurious. No wonder it was a super big family in Rongguang.

That night, Shi Yu was invited to participate in the White Rose family’s banquet. Although he couldn’t be bothered to go, it was difficult to refuse the other party’s hospitality. Shi Yu could only go and enjoy Rongguang’s big meal.

“Hahaha, Dr. Shi Yu, cheers.” The patriarch of the White Rose Family, Legend Lucille’s father, said happily, “Heroes really come from young people. I heard that Dr. Shi Yu’s expression didn’t change when he faced Aldrich of the Demon Nation today and even scared him away?”

“Dr. Shi Yu, are you only a level-six Beast Tamer?”

Shi Yu smiled and said, “It’s not that exaggerated. It’s just that this is Rongguang’s territory, and that fallen angel doesn’t want to cause trouble.”

“Dr. Shi Yu, your strength is definitely outstanding.” Fu Dian’s mother, a brown-haired beautiful woman, smiled and said, “I heard that this girl, Lucille, even challenged you, Dr. Shi Yu?”

Shi Yu looked at the golden ponytailed woman who was also looking at him.

If Shi Yu remembered correctly, the other party’s pet at that time… was a type of unicorn.

< Name > Holy Lightning Beast

[Attributes]: Light, Thunder

[Race Level]: Mid-level overlord

[Level of Growth]: Overlord

Energy Points: 68,120,000

It was barely enough to be a top-notch overlord.

It was neither strong nor weak.

“Yes.” Shi Yu nodded and said, “Can we do it tomorrow afternoon? The pet egg can be hatched tomorrow afternoon.”

He would fight before leaving. Otherwise, if he beat her and still stayed in her house, Shi Yu would feel uncomfortable…

“No problem,” Lucille said. “Dr. Shi Yu, you decide the rules.”

Shi Yu smiled and said, “Then let’s fight 1VS1 with our strongest pets.”

“Sure.” Lucille had no problem with it. Then, she recalled the information she knew about Shi Yu.

Shi Yu’s strongest pet… Which one was it?

Fu Dian was wishing that she’d fight that iron-eating beast.

In the blink of an eye, it was the next day.

Shi Yu didn’t sleep the whole night. He meditated and accompanied Ling to study the Space Beast Egg. At that moment, Ling had already completely confirmed the three starlight nutrients needed for the Space Beast Egg. The hatching progress of the pet egg was also about to approach 3/4.

If it was said that it was still a little difficult to deduce what the remaining nutrients needed from the previous 2/4, then from the 3/4 deduction, it was relatively easier for Ling.

“Ling, do you think the one hatched from this egg is one of the three monsters Qi mentioned?”

The possibility of a huge beast devouring the laws of the planet shouldn’t be high. According to Ling’s description, this huge beast was larger than any divine beast. When it appeared, it covered the sky and covered the sun. It might be able to destroy a country with a stomp.

It was impossible to hatch from such a small pet egg, right?

Insects that also mastered the devouring power? That was indeed a possibility. Considering that the Space Emperor had asked the Void Mantis to look after the egg, the possibility was not small.

Apart from that, there was also a mysterious race that might be related to the Abyss Sea, Yun An, and the Dark Mother Tree. This race was good at pollution, mainly poison and dark elements.

Considering that the purple patterns of the pet egg were very compatible with the poison element, it didn’t seem impossible. However, if that was the case, Susu would be furious after wasting so much effort to hatch. It might as well have listened to the cat and sold the egg.

“We can’t rule out these possibilities, but it’s also possible that it’s outside the three,” Ling said. “After all, the power of starlight it absorbs is very gentle. It’s very difficult to connect it to these three creatures.”

“Alright, alright. If you’re done researching, prepare to fight later.”

Ling: ???

“Why is it me, master!” The white-haired girl in the Rubik’s Cube was immediately stunned. It knew that Shi Yu and Lucille had a battle, but it never expected that Shi Yu would actually let a working girl who had worked hard all night to fight. Even capitalists weren’t so black-hearted!

Shi Yu was stunned. “Isn’t it because I like you better?”

Ling: “…”

It was actually speechless.

Was he sure it wasn’t because he couldn’t be bothered to inform and summon a new pet? It was more convenient to use the pet beside him, wasn’t it?

“Alright, alright.” Ling resigned to its fate.

Around four in the afternoon.

After the Space Beast Egg finished absorbing the starlight, Shi Yu called Lucille over.

Soon, Lucille, who was wearing a white golden-striped Knight of Glory suit, came to the back mountain energetically. She looked at Shi Yu energetically and said, “Dr. Shi Yu, are you done here?”