Chapter 872 - 872 Living Mythical History

872 Living Mythical History

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“I, the Time Sprite.”

Facing Shi Yu’s gaze, Qi’s gaze was filled with grievance.

What a loss.

She finally knew what Shi Yu meant by having a lot of potential.

Mythical, law life form, Time Sprite.

As long as it could awaken its power, it would be the most unsolvable Mythical creature.

However, there was clearly an easier awakening method, but he chose the most difficult one…

Although she understood that Shi Yu was doing this for her own good, Qi still felt very uncomfortable.

After all, it had suffered more these few days compared to since it was born.

The deep painful memories, compared to the memories of lazing around, immediately left a huge psychological trauma on Qi.

“…”

At this moment, Qi was completely under pressure that she shouldn’t be exposed to at this age.

It was like someone who had studied hard for more than ten years and worked hard for years to save up the down payment for a house, only to suddenly learn that he was a billionaire in the first place.

She sat on the ground like a confused little shark.

“Qi, you’ve awakened your memories?”

At that moment, Shi Yu also discovered Qi’s abnormality and was slightly stunned.

Qi looked at Shi Yu.

“I’ve awakened, and I know that as long as the time is right, I can immediately obtain my original power.” Qi had nothing to live for.

“Dozens of days of hard work were in vain… In vain…”

Damn.

Shi Yu was silent as he looked at Eleven and the others. Why was this salted fish tone so similar to the gem cat?

He seemed to know why although Qi was a reincarnation, its willpower at the start was still extremely low.

Perhaps she was also a hooligan when she wasn’t a Time Sprite.

Otherwise, it was impossible for her to have such a deep grudge after just training for a few days.

“Yi. (When the time is ripe, it means the recovery of the world’s laws.)” Baby Ginseng widened its green eyes and asked.

“There’s also the recovery of the power of the Space-time Dragon Vein,” Qi said.

She immediately revealed a determined expression and looked at Shi Yu. “Lord Shi Yu, I apply to stop training! Let’s go find the Space-time Dragon Vein!”

Although her strength had yet to recover, she no longer wanted to train hard. It was too painful.

The most important thing now was to find someone powerful and bring her to the Space-time Dragon Vein to recuperate and wait for her to completely recover.

Qi looked at Shi Yu with sparkling eyes. Although Shi Yu was a little ferocious, she still acknowledged Shi Yu very much. He actually recognized her at a glance and even helped her awaken her memories in advance. He was even stronger than those demigods.

In addition, Shi Yu’s team had two Mythical races. Even in the Mythical Era, Shi Yu was considered very powerful.

Most importantly, she only knew one expert now, which was Shi Yu. She wasn’t even familiar with the Elven Empress.

Grandma Ge Lin was right. This Shi Yu was so mysterious.

“Wuu!! (At that time, can you recover to a Time Sprite?)” Eleven asked in anticipation.

Qi nodded again.

“Sob. (Then you can bring us to space-time travel.)” Eleven wanted to return to the Emperor Wu Era to see the Iron-eating Beast Corps and beg for some inscription metal to spend the remaining skill points.

After all, it could fuse skills later. Eleven thought that the more racial skills there were, the better.

“Mi!” Chi Tong wanted to go to the Time Emperor Era to see Mu Huiyin!

“Probably… As long as everyone doesn’t reach the Mythical stage, I can bring everyone through space and time,” Qi said.

Its ability was limited. Although it could bring other lives through, it was only limited to those below the Mythical stage. The stronger it was, the greater the consumption, including itself.

It was also because of this restriction that the Time Sprite didn’t have much battle power. This was to better adapt to the rules of space-time travel.

“Then can we go to the Mythical Era?” Shi Yu’s eyes flickered.

“No!” Qi immediately looked afraid and said, “I don’t want to go back.”

“Is it because the Mythical Era was invaded by creatures from outer space?” Shi Yu suddenly realized that Qi, who had awakened the memories of the Time Sprite, seemed to be a living Mythical history.

Damn, couldn’t he just ask her directly about the Mythical Era!

“Yes!!!” Qi widened his eyes and said, “And they all want to catch me. If I didn’t run fast, I would have definitely been caught.”

At this point, Qi immediately became indignant again. It would remember this grudge.

Shi Yu was speechless. “Your mentality still has to change. Looks like the training still has to continue. You can’t go to the dragon vein to recover directly.”

Qi: “?”

“Even if you don’t go to the Mythical Era, according to our speculation, the end of the Mythical Era isn’t the end of the war. In the future when the Mythical Era is about to revive, Blue Planet will definitely encounter a disaster. At that time, the group of guys who want to capture you will make a comeback.”

“Wouldn’t you still be forced to escape?”

“It’s endless.”

“You have to learn to face it.”

Qi’s expression was slightly stunned. Again?

“Therefore, it’s better to continue training,” Shi Yu said. “Try to ensure that whether it be returning to the Mythical Era or the descent of future enemies, you have the strength to defeat them personally. This way, you don’t have to keep running away.”

“Most importantly, you’ve already trained for dozens of days and suffered so much. Wouldn’t it be a loss to give up midway? You might as well go all out…”

“Turn grief and indignation into motivation.”

Shi Yu’s words were like the bewitchment of a demon that kept echoing in Qi’s ears. The experience of training hard in Tingxiang Imperial Palace and suffering under Shi Yu’s hands immediately made Qi feel more and more at a loss. The more she thought about it, the angrier she became. The reason why she fled for so long seemed to be because of that group of ferocious beasts from outer space.

“But,” Qi said, “the stronger I am, the greater the burden of using spatial travel. Therefore, before that, I can only weakly mobilize the power of nature and don’t have much battle power.”