Chapter 875 - 875 Living Mythical History (4)

875 Living Mythical History (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Yeah.”

“Then let’s go to the family arena? The defense facilities of the overlord rules can be activated over there.”

As a legendary family, a battle venue that could withstand overlord-level battles was necessary.

Shi Yu smiled and said, “Sorry, I suddenly have something urgent to do because I still have to participate in the archeological Conference tomorrow. If you don’t mind, how about coming to my ruins space to fight? Mine is a high-level ruins space and can also withstand overlord-level battles. Why don’t we do it here?”

Lucille was stunned. Originally, her family had even told her to call them when they fought.

However, seeing Shi Yu in such a hurry, Lucille hesitated. Shi Yu didn’t even give this girl time to react. He directly opened the teleportation passage of the legendary ruins and signaled Lucille to come in.

…

In the legendary ruins, Lucille, who had entered for no reason, had a headache. Forget it, after the battle ended, she would review it for her father and the others.

Standing in the flat legendary ruins, Lucille observed her surroundings and determined that this was a relatively high-level ruins space. She couldn’t help but sigh at Shi Yu’s heritage.

“Dr. Shi Yu, this is the pet I want to use to fight.”

Lucille directly sent out her trump card pet, the Holy Lightning Beast.

Under the surrounding light, a pet that looked like a white horse with a spiral horn on its forehead and wings appeared with white lightning patterns on its huge body!

“Wu ~” Its eyes lit up as it looked at Shi Yu.

“My pet is this.” Shi Yu gestured to Ling, who was floating beside him, that it was his battle target.

At this moment, Lucille was silent as she observed Ling.

The energy value… was still more than 20 million.

A day ago, she observed that this mechanical life form had more than 20 million energy points, and now, it was still this value.

If this was the explosive state, she felt that it was a little unreasonable.

Which pet maintained a battle power eruption state at all times? The burden was too great.

Therefore, don’t tell her that this energy value that was at the overlord level was only its normal state!

[It does seem possible. This Dr. Shi Yu developed a mechanical phantom beast. With the support of Dong Huang, his attainments in the Mechanic class are definitely the strongest. This pet has reached more than 20 million normal energy points at the monarch level. It must be Shi Yu’s trump card.]

[Looks like this Dr. Shi Yu didn’t choose to contract an overlord above his level with a level-six body like the Beast Tamer of the totem country. Instead, he chose to strengthen a monarch comparable to an overlord. This way, there’s almost no burden on his body.]

Lucille kept analyzing in her heart.

However, if that was all, how could Shi Yu scare the fallen angel away!

Lucille was at a loss.

Although 20 million Normal Energy Points was extremely rare at the monarch level, and this was the first time she had seen it, at this level, forget about shocking the fallen angel back, it was even a problem if it could defeat her.

Could it be that Shi Yu had relied on other external forces to make the fallen angel retreat?

But before Lucille could think too much, her expression suddenly changed.

This was because the mechanical life form that looked like a Rubik’s Cube suddenly turned into a whirlwind and wrapped around Shi Yu’s arm. Then, a huge sniper rifle nearly two meters long appeared in Shi Yu’s hand.

High-level Mechanic skill, loading! Armed!

Beep beep…

At this moment, Lucille’s expression changed drastically. This was because the mechanical life form with more than 20 million energy points just now had increased to 73 million energy points as it possessed Shi Yu!!

“This increase!” She suddenly looked at Shi Yu. This move was similar to possession and Fusion Talent. The increase depended on the skill proficiency and the physique of the Beast Tamer. But no matter what, raising the energy value of a monarch-level pet to the level of a top-notch overlord at once was still a little unacceptable to Lucille.

“Come and fight.” Shi Yu had already aimed his gun at the Holy Unicorn.

He had already made it easy enough for her. It was just a fusion. He had yet to let Ling use the Mythical Revival. His physique was indeed a little stronger. After all, he had received feedback from the Mythical Iron-eating Beast and the power of the Green Dragon when he reached his limit.

At this moment, a dazzling light condensed at the muzzle of the huge sniper rifle. Apart from green, this light also had orange, red, blue, and golden colors. There were four powers: wind, fire, water, and lightning.

Apart from its own wind power, when Ling was researching the Fusion Mecha, it also modified and upgraded itself. Its body had the ability to carry other attributes, although it wasn’t as powerful as the wind power.

“Four elements!” At this moment, seeing Shi Yu crazily control the power of the four elements at the same time, Lucille immediately felt threatened.

She immediately had a very serious expression and said, “White Thunder!”

Boom!

The Holy Lightning Beast, which had already mastered the power of white lightning, fused with Lucille’s power of white lightning, immediately increasing the strength of the Holy Unicorn’s white lightning by a level. It took a few steps forward from perfection to transcendent proficiency.

The destructive power enhanced by the White Thunder alone was even stronger than the thunder-element strengthening talent.

“Wu ~ ~ ~” A white lightning sword condensed on the horn of the Holy Lightning Beast.

Holy Lightning Sword!!

It should be enough to deal with it, Lucille thought.

However, in the next moment, her expression changed again.

At this moment, seeing the power of the Holy Lightning Sword, Shi Yu and the others actually ignored the stability of their moves. Under the fusion of the Wind Spirit Bead, the four attribute powers were overloaded by Ling. They were about to explode. Even from afar, Lucille could sense the violent, chaotic, and destructive energy fluctuations at the muzzle of the mechanical sniper rifle.