Chapter 877 - 877 Shi Yu Telling Myths

877 Shi Yu Telling Myths

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

After the battle, Shi Yu slipped away.

The confused contestants of the Rongguang World Tournament were left in a daze at the back of the mountain.

At the same time, at Dong Huang’s residence.

Shi Yu, who had a worm/dragon looking thing in his pocket, teleported back to his residence.

Rongguang arranged separate villas for the personnel of every country according to the list provided by the various countries. Shi Yu was naturally no exception.

After arriving at the destination, Buggy was put back by Shi Yu.

Buggy was in a hurry.

It even had an arm-wrestling battle with its leader.

Just as he was about to start, Shi Yu called him over to be a driver.

It had consumed a lot of physical strength… If it lost, it would definitely be because it wasn’t at its peak state.

“Eh, you’re finally back.”

When Shi Yu returned, he didn’t expect the gem cat to be here.

From the looks of it, it seemed to be waiting for him in his residence!

“Teacher Ying, long time no see.” Shi Yu chuckled.

“Huh?” The gem cat was stunned. It frowned and said, “You look like you have ill intentions.”

“No.”

In fact, Shi Yu just wanted to know if the current Eleven and Buggy could defeat Teacher Cat.

The gem cat didn’t seem to know that Eleven and Buggy had already evolved…

“I just want to ask you if you want to eat turtle meat, tiger meat, dragon meat, and beef!”

“Huh?” The gem cat was stunned. Why did it sound so familiar?

“Those puppets?” The gem cat’s face darkened. You’ve been using them for so long, and they’re not fresh anymore. What the hell am I supposed to eat!

If it were at the overlord level, it would have to try it no matter what, but it was already at the totem level. The gem cat didn’t plan to let itself suffer anymore!

“No, no, no, I still have something to do. I heard that when you came here yesterday, you had a conflict with the eldest prince of some demon country??”

“I even heard that you scared the other party away with just a look. Is this for real? Is it that exaggerated?” The gem cat muttered and looked at Shi Yu.

It had asked around. An invincible overlord!

It was close to a totem!

At least it had the power of this cat at the overlord level.

“That bird person? It’s real. Teacher Ying, do you want to know why?” Shi Yu chuckled and said, “Do you want to fight!”

“Huh?” The gem cat was stunned. What did he mean?

This guy was too arrogant.

The gem cat’s impression of Shi Yu was still from the battle in the Heavenly Fox Nation.

However, looking at Shi Yu’s smug expression, the gem cat’s heart skipped a beat. It realized that Shi Yu had probably improved greatly again.

At this moment, Shi Yu opened the door of the legendary ruins.

The gem cat was stunned for a moment before entering.

This time, its expression was extremely shocked.

In the legendary ruins, a ten-thousand-meter-long green dragon circled in the sky. It had two golden horns on its head and was covered in green scales. Golden flames of spiritual faith burned in its eyes and tail, and its image was extremely shocking.

At this moment, this huge divine dragon stretched out its claws and collided with another huge beast opposite. It was an Iron-eating Beast, an Iron-eating Beast more than a thousand meters tall. Its entire body also emitted a terrifying aura. It stretched out its bear paw and squeezed with the other party’s dragon claws.

There were no fancy skills. It was just the collision of pure physical strength. Under the collision, the entire legendary ruins space kept shaking.

The gem cat was familiar with this legendary ruin space. It was from Ji Mengzhu, the one where Baby Ginseng self-destructed. However, at this moment, the gem cat was shocked to discover that the two huge beasts only collided with their physical strength. The entire ruin space experienced a vibration close to that self-destruction!!

Boom!!!

In fact, to be precise, it wasn’t that the two weren’t using skills at all. It was just that these skills had become normal and turned into physiques. Eleven had various body forging skills and physique skills, while Buggy had already integrated the concept of the Perfect Dragon and the Green Dragon into its new body through evolution. It was equivalent to the normal state being the state where the Dragon of Imagination strengthened its body to the limit.

Boom!!

At this moment, the two pets almost shook the space with their physical strength alone. With a crack, the gem cat also heard the sound of bones breaking along with the vibration. The huge green dragon’s dragon claw seemed to have been broken in an instant. Then, Buggy’s huge body was sent flying by the panda opposite with a palm wind that squeezed the air!

“Roar!!!” Buggy was extremely indignant. Damn it, just relying on physical strength, it was still inferior to the leader.

“Roar!!” Eleven roared excitedly. Again!

“This…” Looking at the collision of the two huge beasts, the gem cat beside him was slightly stunned. It was difficult to imagine that this was purely physical strength! Moreover, if it used skills like “Thunder Palm” and “Space Quake”, how terrifying the destructive power would be?

“That’s Eleven… and Buggy?!!!” The gem cat couldn’t accept it.

What was going on!

Why did Eleven and Buggy become like this after a while!!!

Overlord level!

Without a doubt, both pets had reached the overlord level!!

It looked at Shi Yu and completely didn’t expect that after returning from Tingxiang, Shi Yu would actually contract two overlords above his level!

Moreover…

The gem cat opened its blue gem eye and could clearly determine that Eleven and Buggy’s energy level was already a fraction of its own. It definitely exceeded 100 million.

In terms of physique, it even exceeded it, especially Eleven. Apart from those totem levels that specialized in body tempering, such as the Destructive Divine Mammoth of the Divine Elephant Nation, it was probably difficult to find a match for it even among the totem levels!