Chapter 871 - 871 Time Sprite (5)

871 Time Sprite (5)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

However, who knew that in the future, the rules on Blue Planet were incomplete and the spacetime was unstable, causing the Time Sprite, as a Law Sprite, to be unable to adapt to the current environment. Its power gradually disappeared. Under pressure, the Time Sprite could only choose to constantly reincarnate and wait for the spacetime laws to recover.

The reincarnation life form it chose was the Nature Elf Race. This was because this race lived in the forest and was aloof from worldly affairs. They were carefree and free. Usually, they planted flowers and plants, and they reproduced on their own. It was very compatible with her lazing personality. At the same time, it prevented its reincarnation from encountering too many setbacks and tribulations. Apart from that, the physique of the Nature Elf Race was also very compatible with the natural power of law, making it convenient for it to recover as soon as possible. Next, it indeed spent its life naturally in the forest most of the time.

Through Mythical Revival, the Time Sprite kept receiving its memories. The memories of the Time Sprite and the memories of the reincarnations were all very beautiful.

At this rate, as long as she slacked off for dozens or hundreds of years and waited for the power of the blue planet’s natural order to recover, she could recover her strength and memories and become a time sprite.

However, the Time Elf never expected that there would be a big problem with this reincarnation. It wasn’t that the internal strife of the elves had caused the extinction of the natural elves. This wasn’t important. Although the reincarnation this time couldn’t live in the forest without worries because of the internal strife of the elves, reincarnation into a little princess of the royal family wasn’t bad. Although it was a little useless, at least it could do whatever it wanted without worry.

Originally, spending a lifetime like this was also a good choice. As long as this generation of reincarnation quickly recognized reality, there would be no problem even if it was a nobody. It would also be a very happy life, but the Time Sprite never expected it.

At this moment, a great villain appeared.

First, it tricked its reincarnation out of the palace. Then, it threw demonic special training at it.

Her physical body passed through a snowstorm, her body endured heavenly lightning, and she jogged in the sea of fire. Even if she slept, she had to train in her dreams… In just dozens of days, the Time Sprite felt that the pain it suffered was more than all the hardships it had suffered since it was born.

Even after the destruction of the Mythical Era, it didn’t suffer any grievances. It was very difficult for the Time Sprite to imagine that its heart and spirit would actually be so heavily injured in just dozens of days.

And the goal of all of this seemed to be for the other party to awaken her consciousness in advance?

It was angry, aggrieved, and dissatisfied. It could clearly directly obtain the power of the natural order to travel through space and time again when the power of the natural order recovered. Why did this guy use such a brutal method to awaken it?

After receiving the memories and figuring out the cause and effect, the Time Sprite opened its cherry-colored eyes and looked at Shi Yu with anger.

She would remember this.

Shi Yu: “?”

At this moment, Shi Yu was stunned. What happened? Why was Qi looking at him so angrily? Where was that obedient little elf? Shouldn’t she be happy that she had obtained the power of a god…

—-