Chapter 876 - 876 Living Mythical History (5)

876 Living Mythical History (5)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

How could this energy wave be controlled?

In fact, this was the effect Shi Yu and Ling wanted.

Boom!!!

Through top-notch intelligence calculations, within the acceptable range, the fusion of the four powers indeed exploded. However, it didn’t hurt Shi Yu and the others at all. Instead, through the skill “Turning Misfortune into Luck”, it converted the damage it suffered into stronger attack power and reflected it back at the opponent!

This was an attack method with top-notch intelligence as the core strategy.

Boom!

Initially, Lucille was still judging if this attack would cause the machine to explode, but in the next moment, an even greater energy wave than before attacked, instantly stunning Lucille.

The four-colored pillar of light directly collided with the Holy Lightning Sword that slashed over. Two violent shock waves instantly lingered, stirring up energy tides that filled the sky and devouring both parties.

At this moment, just the aftermath of the collision of moves made the Holy Lightning Beast quickly condense a light screen to protect itself. As for Lucille, she instantly entered an ethereal state to avoid the damage.

However, during this process, what made the ethereal Lucille unable to understand was that Shi Yu’s figure opposite directly endured the impact of the aftermath and raised the sniper rifle again.

“Shoot it, Ling.” As Shi Yu finished speaking, the entire sniper rifle’s body kept extending and lengthening at an unbelievable speed against the shock wave. Soon, this mechanical sniper rifle turned into a sniper rifle dozens of meters long as Lucille turned ethereal and couldn’t move.

The muzzle was directly pressed against Lucille’s forehead in the ethereal state.

For Shi Yu and Ling, who had such physiques and mastered turning misfortune into luck, trying to dodge the damage would be the greatest disrespect to this skill. Moreover, using the Heart Strike, super vision, and top-notch intelligence, Ling could also quickly analyze the weakest spot of the aftermath of the move and attack.

Throughout the entire battle, Ling carefully calculated, including the angle and power of the first attack. In order to let the Holy Lightning Beast withstand the most important aftermath and not have the time to care about the Beast Tamer, they could take advantage of this gap to snipe the Beast Tamer herself in the easiest way and end the battle.

“You lost. Its bullets are enough to penetrate the void.” At this moment, holding a sniper rifle dozens of meters tall, Shi Yu spoke to the female knight whose expression had frozen in her ethereal state.

“I…” At this moment, Lucille felt that she had lost for no reason the whole time. She looked at the gun in front of her and trembled.

At the side, the Holy Lightning Beast also looked at the Beast Tamer and the enemy in shock, at a loss.

“Miss Lucille, although your strength is not bad, your battle experience is a little poor. You might encounter a lot of danger in the World Tournament. Please pay attention to protecting yourselves next time.”

Shi Yu smiled. The super long sniper rifle turned into a breeze and disappeared. However, the enemies of the World Tournament might not necessarily have Ling’s reaction speed and control over the situation.

However, it was rare for the other party to let him use the Starry Sky Altar. Shi Yu still emphasized on reminding her. Perhaps he could make the other party be more careful and avoid a disaster.

“You guys…” At this moment, Lucille’s heart was still beating. She looked at the calm Shi Yu opposite her and suddenly understood the feelings of the fallen angel, Aldrich. Her woman’s intuition told her that the real Shi Yu was ten thousand times more terrifying than what she was facing now.

Although he was only level-six, the other party was definitely not as simple as a level-six Beast Tamer! She had never seen such a calm and relaxed level-six Beast Tamer facing a legend! It was as if the other party was standing at a higher realm, a realm that was enough to dominate the life and death of totems, looking down at her.