Chapter 879 - 879 Shi Yu Telling Myths (3)

879 Shi Yu Telling Myths (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

At this moment, Shi Yu’s face was pale… It was getting paler and paler…

Z: “…”

The Shen Feng mechanical legendary said, “What has it got to do with me? It’s his own problem.”

“This brat contracted an overlord above his level, right?”

“It’s the same as the Beast Tamers of those totem countries.”

Weak.

He wouldn’t go so far as to release pressure on a little kid who wasn’t even his age. The other party’s face was pale, and it wasn’t because of him at all, alright?

The Elven Empress and the other legendaries smiled and didn’t say anything. They naturally knew that the Divine Source was deliberately messing with the Shen Feng legendary.

These two people had never gotten along.

“Shi Yu, you look so pale today.”

On Dong Huang’s side, Lu Qingyi was speechless when she saw Shi Yu looking like he was about to die on such an important occasion today.

Shi Yu’s physique was clearly very strong… But why was it like this every time?

“…” Shi Yu was helpless.

Wasn’t this for the archeological Conference? He had been researching hard these two days.

Including yesterday, he stayed up late again.

Originally, when Buggy evolved, Shi Yu quickly recuperated. However, from the looks of it, it was all fake!! He was completely strong on the outside but weak on the inside. He couldn’t stay up late and work overtime like before. If he wasn’t careful, he would suddenly die.

Next, be it the Psychic connection skill or the mind domain, they couldn’t be used casually. They could only be used as trump cards.

Otherwise, unless he ate the ginseng baby, it would be very difficult to heal.

Shi Yu sucked on the sachet and didn’t want to stay any longer in the archeological Conference. He planned to be the first to appear later and leave immediately after that.

“Looks like everyone is here.”

At this moment, the seven presidents of the associations were sitting at the judges’ table. The void tore open, and a burly man in golden armor came out of an alternate space and looked at the many archeological elites present.

His expression was dignified, and he looked like a king.

Legend of Rongguang, Hero King!

In the Rongguang area, the main enemy of the last totem battle was the Demon Kingdom.

The Rongguang at that time was purely the colonization of the Demon Kingdom.

In that chaotic world, Rongguang gave birth to many heroic figures. Among them, the Hero King was basically the king of all heroes. He led many heroes to end the chaotic world in the Rongguang area and established the Rongguang Kingdom.

“Welcome to Rongguang. I’m the Hero King, Dilan.”

“The meaning and goal of this World Archeological Conference is to hope that the Seven Nation Alliance will use history as a reference. The history of the Blue Planet’s human race is a disaster history. Only by understanding the historical laws can we better open the future. Therefore, I hope that everyone can communicate freely next. For archeologists who have obtained information beneficial to the human race of the seven countries, the Seven Nation Alliance will reward resources according to the importance of the information.”

“There are no restrictions on this exchange meeting. You can go on stage yourselves, but only one person is allowed each time.”

Everyone knew this model in advance. Under this rule, they definitely had to communicate first. The reason was very simple. If the archeological results collided, it would definitely be first come, first served.

“I…” Shi Yu had already stood up, but someone was faster than him, making the corners of Shi Yu’s mouth twitch.

It was an archeologist from Snowfield, an old man in an archeological suit.

He was clearly old, but his hand speed was that of someone who had been single for decades!

At this moment, the Hero King had already left and returned to the alternate space. At the judges’ table, President Lin smiled and said, “There’s no hurry. Let this archeological master from Snowfield exchange his archeological results first.”

The archeologist from the snowfield glanced at Shi Yu and smiled. Then, he walked onto the booth.

“It’s Gufu, an archeologist from the snowfield. He’s a level-six master. He has ascended to the starry sky many times with the help of Snowfield and mainly studied the starry sky ruins,” Principal Feng said beside Shi Yu.

At that moment, the gazes of the presidents of the Seven Nation Associations landed on Shi Yu, who had sat down again, and Dr. Gufu, who had just gone on stage. They were not unfamiliar with Shi Yu and Gufu. The presidents of the associations and archeologists of other countries had already guessed most of the archeological results Shi Yu wanted to show.

He had most likely obtained some secrets about the totem era through that fossil archeological machine.

As for Gufu’s archeological results, apart from the legendary of Snowfield and the president, the others could only determine that it was related to the starry sky.

After Old Gu Fu went on stage, he coughed three times. His body already looked a little weak, but he looked very excited.

He said, “I’m Gufu. Just half a month ago, I ascended to the starry sky again.”

“We cracked it. A legendary ruin established on the moon, a legendary ruin numbered ’12’ by our Seven Nation Alliance!!”

As soon as Gu Fu finished speaking, apart from the archeologists in Snowfield, everyone was in an uproar.

Shi Yu was no exception. He was slightly stunned. There were a total of 13 ruins on the moon. Ever since humans ascended to the moon, they had only successfully cracked one empty ruin. They couldn’t crack the others. Did Xue Yuan successfully crack another one?

Gu Fu said excitedly, “This is a legendary ruin left behind by a demigod-level life form from the totem era a million years ago!!”

“After it reached the totem level, it kept evolving into a cosmic life form. After cultivating to the demigod level, it finally obtained the ability to survive and travel freely in the starry sky. It’s called a ‘star beast’.”

“This will be the first post-era life form to land on the moon after the end of the Mythical Era.”

“After our deciphering, according to the information it left in the ruins, there’s a very important message!”