Chapter 878 - 878 Shi Yu Telling Myths (2)

878 Shi Yu Telling Myths (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

This…

“For the World Tournament, I cultivated hard for a period of time and made some small progress. Teacher Ying, do you want to give them sudden training before the World Tournament?”

The gem cat: “?”

“I still have something to do. I still have to help Qingyi train her mental strength. I’m leaving.” The gem cat directly crawled out of the door and left the legendary ruins.

It was indignant.

It didn’t understand why it couldn’t keep up with the version after just running around exploring ruins with Lu Qingyi.

It could tell that Shi Yu wanted to use it as a whetstone. It wouldn’t fall for it!

“Eh.” Shi Yu was stunned. Why was it running? He was serious. He really wanted to know how big the difference between Eleven and Buggy was from a real totem now… Forget it, it was better to continue preparing for the archeological Conference.

Time was tight. He still had one last important thing to do.

…

At this moment, the archeologists of the seven countries were preparing for the archeological Conference tomorrow.

In fact, there was nothing to prepare for battle. He just wanted to think about how to showcase his archeological results tomorrow. The most important thing was to let the judges determine that the archeological results were real. This was the most important thing. Otherwise, anyone could brag.

As one of the prep personnel of Dong Huang, President Lin and the others didn’t disturb him. In the blink of an eye, it was the next day.

The so-called World Archeological Conference was actually a private discussion. Only a small number of elites of the seven countries could participate.

On the surface, the judges were the presidents of the Beast Tamer Association of the seven countries, such as President Lin Xiao of Dong Huang and President Auland of Tingxiang. In secret, the final decision was made by the legends of the seven countries to decide the distribution of the twelve Mythical resources.

Apart from these 14 heavyweight judges, there were no other unrelated people waiting. The scene was filled with archeologist representatives from various countries, elite figures in the archeological field of various countries.

On the day of the archeological Conference.

The archeological teams of the seven countries sat down one after another. In fact, there were only dozens of people added together. Among them, Dong Huang’s was naturally the members of Bureau 11. Shi Yu, Principal Feng, Lu Qingyi, and the others were all there.

As for the elites of the archeological world in other countries, apart from Legend Xiao Yuan, who he had met once in the Phoenix Ruins on the Seven Islands, Shi Yu had never come into contact with any of them.

Of course, this was Shi Yu’s perspective. In the Snowfield country, two old men in archeological clothes looked at Dong Huang solemnly. At that time, they had also seen the phenomenon of Buggy just evolving in the starry sky. However, these two Snowfield archeologists still didn’t know where the green dragon came from.

“The legendaries… should be present too.”

Shi Yu sat on the chair and inexplicably felt a sense of pressure.

He took a deep breath and adjusted.

He looked at the surrounding void.

He had shocking beast instincts that far exceeded ordinary legends.

“This kid seems to be able to sense us.”

The Elven Empress, Sylphra, smiled.

In another space, at this moment, the seven legends were each watching the archeological Conference from different directions.

This was also part of the information exchange between the seven countries. As the true rulers of the seven countries, they naturally wouldn’t be absent.

“Is he Shi Yu?”

The mechanical legendary of the Shen Feng Nation, the founder of the Mechanic class in history, Z, spoke slowly. He was like a robot, covered in two-meter-tall humanoid armor, blue, red, and white. Or rather, this was his current main body.

In the most recent totem battle, four Mechanic geniuses rose one after another from four different countries.

Among them, the geniuses of Shen Feng and Dong Huang became legendary Mechanics. The mechanical genius of Snowfield was the first to develop a mechanical life form that ascended to the starry sky. As for the genius doctor of the Seven Islands, she was a modified person who had developed the potential of a demigod. As a titled Mechanic, she was the “mother” of the current Seven Islands Valkyrie.

At that moment, the mechanical legendary of Shen Feng looked at Shi Yu with a burning gaze. It was very unhappy with this dishonest kid, the dishonest Dong Huang.

It was fine if he developed a mechanical phantom beast, but he actually bought all the ancient fossils of Shen Feng…

However, the mechanical legendary of the Shen Feng Nation didn’t care about the mechanical phantom beast. After all, although the mechanical phantom beast was not bad, after careful research, he discovered that the flaws weren’t small.

Apart from needing to use fossils, the recovery energy was also a huge expense. Although it was much more practical than normal reproduction of high-level pets, the upper limit of the lifespan of mechanical phantom beasts was also far lower than other mechanical lives and normal flesh lives.

For the mechanical legendary of Shen Feng, who stood at a certain height and had even modified a demigod-level mechanical life form, mechanical phantom beasts were worth Shen Feng’s attention, but it was not worth Shen Feng giving up other important domains to study with all its might.

Unless, it was really as Shi Yu had imagined at the Mechanical Conference, that it could revive Mythical fossils, but the Shen Feng Mechanical Legend knew that this was impossible.

It stood at the height of the legendary level. A hundred years ago, it had tried to touch the God Domain through various technological methods, including researching Mythical fossils, but it had all failed. He concluded that in this world where the laws were incomplete, the path of technology couldn’t be divine. Otherwise, he would definitely already be a Mythical Mechanic.

“Z, restrain yourself. Do you have any objections to Shi Yu?” At this moment, seeing Shen Feng Legendary Z staring at Shi Yu and even emitting a faint pressure, the mechanical legendary frowned.

Z: “?”

Z looked at Shi Yu and understood what he meant.