Chapter 870 - 870 Time Sprite (4)

870 Time Sprite (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Upon hearing that, white light immediately flickered on Qi’s body. The purple Thunder God Light Armor turned into a blue white dress with lace. She wore a white pantyhose with water droplet patterns and changed into a priest’s dress.

The so-called [Life Set] was a life-saving set. The entire set of clothes was made by Buggy, Baby Ginseng, Susu, and Ling together. It contained the power of healing and life and could temporarily transform into a support healer.

Through the staff brought by the [Life Set], a moment later, under the effect of the healing and cleansing power, Qi slowly recovered, as if it had been reborn.

“If you’re done resting, prepare yourself. We’re going to learn new skills today.”

“This is the key to activating your bloodline power.”

“New skill?” The pink strand of hair that exploded from the lightning moved and revealed a happy expression.

“Yes.” Shi Yu smiled and said, “It’ll be very painful, but Susu will help you.”

Qi: (*+_+*)

Pain didn’t matter anymore. She was already used to it.

After dozens of days, who knew what she had experienced?

Outside, Ling was studying the Space Beast Egg. In the ruins, Shi Yu had already called Susu over and taken out the memory water drop he had prepared.

Shi Yu had already used the memory water drop to learn skills countless times in his team.

This was the only channel that could allow the pets in Shi Yu’s team to quickly practice non-racial skills to Dao Proficiency.

It was equivalent to various pets imparting their skills to each other and teaching their teammates the skills they were good at.

And now, Qi wanted to accept the cultivation impartation from Ling.

Mythical Revival was a skill that only the two of them in the team could learn.

Even Eleven of the Mythical race couldn’t. After all, Eleven was a first-generation god and didn’t have an ancestor to return to. Naturally, there was no Mythical Revival.

What awaited it was endless divine evolution.

“Then I’ll start…”

In the state of the [Life Set], Qi took a sip of the crystalline memory water drop and began to close its eyes. At the same time, Susu’s Sea Cleansing Spirit also possessed her body, strived to prevent her from losing herself while searching for the power of a god and receiving the experience of super skills.

“How long will it take?” Shi Yu looked at Qi and touched his chin with anticipation.

“Ning, Ning.” In Susu’s experience, it would take at least half a month to receive the experience of the memory water drop.

At that time, the world competition would probably have already started.

“There’s no hurry. This is only the beginning,” Shi Yu said.

If Ling wanted to master the initial “Wind Blessing”, it would have to use Perfect-level Mythical Revival. If Qi wanted to master “Space-time Transmission”, it probably couldn’t be done without Mythical Revival above transcendent.

It was destined to be a big project…

He still had to use it with the Reincarnation Fruit. At the moment, ordinary Reincarnation Fruits were useless to Qi. He wondered if Baby Ginseng would be useful after leveling up…

Shi Yu’s thoughts drifted away.

He wondered if she would still be willing to return if she had the chance to bring the Dragon God to the era of the Dragon Emperor.

If it didn’t return, the Dragon God seat in Dragon Palace City would be empty. If he let Buggy go up… he could also collect the Green Dragon faith in the ocean… Cough, cough, cough, he was dreaming.

“Huh??”

Just as Shi Yu was imagining how to use the divine skill “Space-time Travel”, less than two minutes after using the memory water drop, something unexpected happened.

A powerful aura spread from Qi’s body. Beside him, Shi Yu and Susu’s expressions changed almost immediately. This aura…

That’s right, definitely not wrong. It was the racial pressure from Mythical creatures that could only be experienced on Eleven and Ling.

What was going on?

It had just used the memory water drop with the experience of Mythical Revival, and it reacted?

Or could it be that the Time Sprite Reincarnation was different from the situation of Ling and Senior Lu’s pets?

As the aura on Ling’s body became stronger, the other pets in the legendary ruins began to be attracted. Eleven and the others’ expressions were extremely serious.

…

After devouring the memory water drop and trying to come into contact with the power of Mythical Revival, Qi felt that it was starting to have a very long dream.

She dreamed that she seemed to have become another creature.

Time Sprite.

Born in the Mythical Era, it was born at the Mythical stage. It was the favorite of the power of laws in the world and mastered the “power of time and space transmigration”.

It was the most unique and unique existence among many Mythical creatures.

Although it didn’t have very strong battle power, because it had mastered the “power of time and space transmigration”, even the strongest life form in the Mythical Era couldn’t pose a threat to the Time Sprite.

It was precisely because of this ability that the Time Sprite developed a playful, lazy, and carefree personality. After all, its ability was invincible and could support it in anything.

In the Mythical Era, the Time Sprite was also such a special existence. Even the divine beasts that stood at the peak couldn’t do anything to this Law Sprite.

The Time Sprite could travel to the past and future space with its mood. This ability was simply unsolvable.

Unless one mastered similar laws, there was no way to punish this guy.

The Time Sprite had originally been living carefreely in the Mythical Era. From time to time, it would go to various Mythical races to play pranks. Its life was very relaxed and leisurely.

But one day, Blue Planet was invaded by external enemies, and the Time Sprite was the first to bear the brunt.

As a precious law sprite, it was treated as the primary hunting target. In the Mythical War, in order to avoid danger, the Time Sprite was forced to travel through time and space and escape to the future.