Chapter 873 - 873 Living Mythical History (2)

873 Living Mythical History (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Shi Yu said, “We’ve analyzed it.”

So far, the index still showed that it couldn’t teach any skills.

It looked like this was the characteristic of the Time Sprite race.

However, it didn’t seem to be a big problem.

Shi Yu pointed at the clothes on Qi’s body and said, “Then carrying dead tools to transmigrate shouldn’t consume that much energy, right? What if you can control an armor that’s comparable to a god’s battle suit?”

“That’s the same. You can be considered to have powerful battle power.”

Qi was slightly stunned and looked at the priest suit she was wearing.

She recalled his improvement in the past few days.

From a weak sprite, with its equipment, it was enough to split apart snow and lightning.

This was…

Qi was stunned. Oh, so this could happen?

It seemed… really possible?!

Qi’s gaze suddenly flickered.

“Then, continue training?” Qi suddenly felt that it didn’t seem that difficult to persist after so many days of hard training.

At least, compared to Eleven and the others’ training, her training was already easy enough.

“That’s right.” The corners of Shi Yu’s mouth curled up.

However, soon, Qi had another problem.

She asked eagerly, “Can there really be a battle suit comparable to a god?”

Before Shi Yu could answer, Eleven, Buggy, and Baby Ginseng cried out like wolves and tigers.

Simple.

As long as their main bodies had the strength to crush divine beasts, it was not a problem to jointly create a battle suit comparable to a god. He believed in them.

In fact, he could choose not to believe them, but he had to believe in adding points.

If it really didn’t work, he would replicate a pile of skills to create equipment.

“That’s fine.”

Shi Yu also nodded. Simple. With Qi’s spatial teleportation, he could have any resources he wanted.

With it around, the entire team could become stronger.

At that time, if the entire team became stronger, it would be equivalent to praying to become stronger.

“Then continue training!!” Qi’s heart was immediately filled with fighting spirit. She didn’t even notice how much her personality had changed in just dozens of days.

Buzz!

Qi immediately changed back into the Thunder God Set. She held the tachi and planned to continue training, but soon, she was stopped by Shi Yu.

“Wait, there’s no hurry. Tell me more about the Mythical Era first…”

Shi Yu remembered. Damn, was there still an archeological Conference later? The more explosive the information obtained, the more resources there would be. There were a total of two myths and ten legends!

Initially, Shi Yu only had the Wind Kirin mechanical phantom beast. The reason for the end of the Mythical Era was these two archeological discoveries that could be used in this archeological Conference. But now, Shi Yu looked at the swaying Qi and suddenly realized that this living Mythical history might be a Mythical archeological cheat.

“About… the Mythical Era?” Qi said.

“Well, for example, what are the creatures that invaded Blue Planet like?”

Qi immediately became nervous and said, “At that time, I only remembered three races.”

“One is a huge beast that can devour the laws of the planet, and a group of strange bugs that can devour life to complete endless evolution and master the devouring laws. Also, a group of monsters that like to spread pollution sources.”

Giant beasts, bugs, pollution sources?

Shi Yu’s expression was solemn. A race that liked to spread pollution sources, the Western Abyss Sea or Yun An’s race? Or could it be that they belonged to a faction in the first place, including the guy who polluted the Elven Mother Life Tree? They were all one faction.

A group of strange bugs that could devour life and complete endless evolution?

Could it be the kind of monster that chased after the Wind Kirin? Devouring life, infinitely evolving, devouring laws… It reminded Shi Yu of the Infinite Devour skill.

In fact, Shi Yu immediately felt that the enemies he encountered in the Mythical Era seemed to be a little troublesome. From the sound of it, they were not easy to deal with.

But soon, his thoughts cleared.

Forget it, it was still far away.

There was still time to develop.

Perhaps when he died, the disaster still wouldn’t have arrived.

“There’s no need to be afraid.” Shi Yu placed his hand on Qi’s head and rubbed it to feel the feeling of touching the head of a Mythical creature.

It was indeed more charming than rubbing pandas and slimes.

“I’m not afraid.” Qi’s gaze contained lightning. She held the tachi and said, “I really want to obtain powerful battle power now and transmigrate back to the Mythical Era. When those guys invaded Blue Planet, I’ll defeat them one by one and shock everyone who knows me.”

Shi Yu: “?”

Something was wrong with her.

He was just giving him a simple encouragement. Why was she even more serious than Eleven?

Was she reliable…

….

After President Lin was done, he immediately contacted Shi Yu, wanting to know what was going on with the green dragon change in Dong Huang.

In the back mountain of the White Rose family, Shi Yu sat on a stone chair and said, “It wasn’t much. I just succeeded. A quasi Mythical race, with two faith skills, so I mobilized the power of faith.”

President Lin: “…” ◑o◐ ‘It wasn’t much’?

He called the evolution that caused the changes in the Green Dragon’s faith items worldwide nothing much?

“Where are you now!!!” On the other side of the screen, President Lin shouted with his eyes wide open.

It actually… really succeeded?

He couldn’t understand Shi Yu’s team configuration anymore.

Pandas and Kirins of Mythical races, Green Dragons and Blue Sea Sprites with faith skills, ginseng babies that could self-destruct and revive totems, and an ancient heroic spirit that could control several overlord undead and possess Beast Tamers to increase Beast Tamers’ battle power greatly.