Chapter 888 - 888 The Eve Of The World Tournament (3)

888 The Eve of the World Tournament (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

…

Shi Yu followed his plan and participated in the archeological Conference.

Then, he returned to rest. He was really tired.

In order to study the Earth Divine Dragon fossil, he had consumed a lot of energy yesterday. In addition, he had received some memories from the Mythical Era through the memory water drop. Shi Yu even had a nightmare yesterday!

He only wanted to rest now.

Of course, he definitely wouldn’t miss the archeological discoveries of other countries.

The archeological conference was in progress.

At this moment, the participants of the seven countries, be it the contestants of the World Tournament or the archeologists, had naturally arrived at the Kingdom of Glory.

Apart from archeologists and contestants…

There was also a considerable number of spectators from various countries who were about to arrive.

World Tournament audience.

These spectators were all relatives, friends, supporters, and interests of the contestants.

There were also some lucky people who spent a huge price to apply for the “qualification to watch the battle” from the Dong Huang Association.

In the previous world competitions, apart from a certain number of participants, the World Tree also allowed them to bring a certain number of spectators.

These spectators hoped to see the results of the world competition immediately.

At this moment, in Dong Huang, as the World Tournament approached, the nearly ten thousand spectators had already gathered.

Among them, Shi Yu knew many people.

Senior Panda and her daughter, the beast-eared girl, and the others were all here.

Even the genius Beast Tamers of the new generation of Dong Huang, Yin Zhengfan, Yu Shu, and the others, as well as those geniuses from Sequence 11 to 100, wanted to go to Inatella to watch the battle and make up for their failure to be nominated.

As for the lineup escorting this audience team, it was also quite luxurious. Apart from the Tyrannical Sea Legend and the other sea battle experts, there was also the Dragon God of Dragon Palace City and several Dragon Kings.

In order to protect Shi Yu, most of the Dragon Kings in Dragon Palace City also came to watch the world competition as spectators of Dong Huang.

Although they didn’t participate in the world competition, it didn’t stop them from coming to watch the commotion.

At this moment.

In the huge ruins space of Inatella, the Dong Huang audience who came discussed the “Green Dragon incident” a few days ago the most.

There was even an expert like the Tyrannical Sea Legend who asked Dragon Palace City if he knew anything, but the answer he obtained was that they didn’t know anything.

“Green Dragon.”

“Back then, His Majesty Emperor Wu had four pets that evolved into the four Holy Beasts, the Green Dragon, the Vermillion Bird, the White Tiger, and the Black Tortoise, respectively. However, they all failed. Although they could also be called quasi Mythical races and were extremely powerful, they couldn’t develop a faith skill that could resonate with the Green Dragon’s faith tool.”

“If it had succeeded, I believe His Majesty Emperor Wu’s final trump card won’t be the Demon God Iron-eating Beast, but them.”

Senior Ji Mengzhu of the Emperor Wu Era told Senior Panda and the others the difficulty of evolving into a green dragon. That was a goal that even Emperor Wu didn’t achieve through Mythical resources.

Therefore, it was very difficult for Ji Mengzhu to imagine that someone could actually resonate with the Green Dragon faith equipment in Dong Huang.

“So powerful… Who exactly can it be?” Senior Panda Lin Xiuzhu sighed.

Everyone was extremely puzzled.

Even the Dragon God was no exception.

After receiving the news from the Sea Dragon King and the others, she was also looking at the starry sky and thinking about who it was.

This was actually very bad.

In the territory of Dragon Palace City, there was actually a group of dragons who believed in the Green Dragon.

As a fictional god, if the Green Dragon really was believed in and became a spirit with potential, even the Dragon God felt that she was inferior.

If this creature that evolved into a green dragon aimed at the Dragon God Deity Position in Dragon Palace City, the Dragon God was worried that there would probably be another storm of blood.

At the moment, the forces of the seven countries were gathered in the outer sea of Inatella Island.

Apart from the seven countries.

The factions of the totem country also arrived nearby as the time of the World Tournament approached.

From the Dark Night Forest, the Dragon Empire, the Demon Nation, the Arctic Snowfield, the Infinite Sea, the Void Court, and nearly ten demigod-level factions…

From the Heavenly Fox Nation, the Divine Tree Nation, the Yamata Nation, the Giant Ape Nation, and nearly a hundred other normal totem countries responded to the World Tournament and arrived at Inatella.

These factions were actually only a portion of the life factions on Blue Planet. After all, there were still many factions who didn’t respond to the World Tournament because there were no humans.

Together, the scale of these factions’ participation was even larger than the last totem battle.

However, at this moment, these complicated factions with various contradictions didn’t have any friction in the Outer Sea of Inatella. The unexpected calm was like the calm before a storm.

…

After the archeological Conference ended, Shi Yu originally wanted to rest more. After all, there were still many days until the start of the World Tournament mentioned by the World Tree at the start.

In the past few days, after resting, he planned to upgrade ginseng baby’s plant control as much as possible.

He made a simple calculation. The chances of reaching transcendent might not be high, but it shouldn’t be a problem to get close.

However, to Shi Yu’s surprise, the sealed Inatella Island suddenly opened. Green tree worms came to the outside world one after another.

Regarding these green tree worms that looked like vortex worms, be it the seven human countries or the totem countries, they were not unfamiliar.

This was the emissary of the World Tree’s split, or it could be said to be a clone of the World Tree!

A year ago, it was these World Tree Worms who informed the countries about the world competition.

At this moment, Inatella opened and the World Tree Envoy returned. Clearly, the World Tree had important information to inform.

“Shi Yu!!”

Shi Yu, who had just come out of the ruins and was about to eat, was immediately summoned by President Lin.

Apart from him, Ye Xing, Divine Bell, Lu Qingyi, and the other nine Sequences were also summoned by President Lin.

In the huge conference room, President Lin looked at the ten Sequences in front of him and said, “The latest information is that Inatella Island has opened.”

“The envoy of the World Tree came out to transmit new information.”

“It’s asking everyone to enter the island.”

“It’s about to announce the rules of this world competition.”

“In addition, because the number of participants this time has exceeded its expectations, it plans to carry out the preliminaries first. It will carry out a preliminaries for Beast Tamers who have yet to reach level-seven. Before the main competition, it will screen the participants with unqualified battle power.”

With that said, President Lin looked at Shi Yu, Ji Feng, Gao Xuan, Zou Yun, and the others.

Shi Yu : “…”

“The envoy of the World Tree revealed the content of the preliminaries. The difficulty is not low. Even you guys need to prepare.”

“It will create an elemental life clone with the battle power of a top-notch overlord and act as the guardian. Beast Tamers below level seven can only participate in the main competition by defeating this.”

“Actually, this is also a good thing. Perhaps it means that there’s a huge opportunity in the main competition.”

Upon hearing that, the expressions of Gao Xuan, Zou Yun, and the others changed. Fighting a top-notch overlord… These were the preliminaries?!