Chapter 881 - 881 Shi Yu Telling Myths (5)

881 Shi Yu Telling Myths (5)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Legendary-level, all demigods in the team… It shouldn’t be a problem, right? It was just that he felt a little uneasy unless he reached the Mythical stage.

However, seven years was only the time for Blue Planet’s Mythical Revival. A Mythical external enemy might not necessarily descend immediately, so there was no need to worry too much.

As the loser of the Battle of Blue Planet, the alien factions might have paid an even heavier price.

Of course… it was also possible that it would descend on that day. For example, if a planet didn’t have the complete power of the natural order, what would it swallow? Perhaps, when the world laws recovered, it would come again…

In short, it would be best to break through to the Mythical stage in seven years, and he would have top-notch Mythical battle power.

Shi Yu set a small goal for himself.

Otherwise, it wouldn’t be safe.

At that moment, Shi Yu naturally couldn’t confess.

There was no concrete evidence.

However, he could talk nonsense.

“President Logan, do you remember the fossil recovery device I developed?” Shi Yu said.

President Logan’s expression changed slightly.

“At that time, I said that if the ancient fossils of the totem era could be revived, then the Mythical Creature fossils of the Mythical Era might be able to be revived. Although there have been no successful cases now, I believe that as long as we invest money and continue researching, reviving divine beasts and materializing Mythical creatures into the Beast Taming Era might not be impossible.”

“And now…”

“You mean…” President Logan’s expression was shocked.

The expressions of the presidents of the other national associations, the archeologists at the scene, and the other legends in the alternate space changed a little.

In front of Shi Yu, a purple summoning array appeared.

As he summoned, the white research coat he was wearing fluttered in the wind.

“Yes, I’ve done it.”

“I successfully used a fossil from the Mythical Era to revive the Mythical Phantom into the modern era in the form of a mechanical god.”

“The exact time of the Mythical Revival was analyzed by it.”

On the purple array, a deer-like white body slowly appeared.

On its body, green patterns condensed into cloud-like hair, reflecting the image of the wind. Its entire body was like the embodiment of the wind, and its head was petite, gentle, elegant, and beautiful.

“This creature is the Kirin Race of the Mythical Era. It’s known as the Wind Kirin of the three Mythical races in the east along with the Dragon and Phoenix!”

At this moment, after seeing this creature, most of the people present opened their mouths wide.

They couldn’t believe their eyes.

He did it?

Shi Yu said that he did it?

In Dong Huang’s seat, Principal Feng, Lu Qingyi, and the others had excited expressions, especially Principal Feng. He shouted in his heart. Look! This was Dong Huang’s archeologist! Ridiculous!

“How is this possible!” Shen Feng’s mechanical legendary, Z, was the first to not believe it. He couldn’t believe that the fossil recovery device could even revive divine beasts.

It even made Shen Feng’s mechanical legend so anxious that he directly tore through space. Just like the Glory Hero King just now, it descended to the scene and observed this Wind Kirin solemnly.

“You said that it revived from a Mythical fossil, so its current race level is..?” The Shen Feng mechanical legend stared at the Wind Kirin with a burning gaze.

More than 20 million energy points should be a monarch-level normal state. This energy level was not enough to shock the Shen Feng mechanical legendary. He could also casually modify a monarch-level mechanical life form with a normal state that exceeded 20 million energy points.

What concerned him more was the race level of this Wind Kirin!

At this moment, Shi Yu completely didn’t expect the mechanical legendary of Shen Feng to suddenly appear. His heart immediately skipped a beat, but then he looked straight at the other party and said, “Unfortunately, it can’t compare to the complete Wind Kirin. When it revived, the power it inherited was pitifully small. Its skills were severely lacking, and it didn’t inherit any divine skills at all. However, the exact time of the Mythical Revival was indeed analyzed and sensed by it.”

Everyone looked at the Wind Kirin in silence.

That… should be close to a Mythical race, right?

Just like how the racial levels would decrease when the ancient Tyrant Dragons revived.

If he wanted to revive a divine beast, it was impossible for the racial power to still be mythical through the fossil.

Above high-level overlords, quasi Mythical races should be enough.

But even so, it was very terrifying.

It was actually true… The revival had succeeded.

How terrifying was the fossil recovery technology!

At this moment, the archeologists of Shen Feng were filled with regret.

They didn’t understand why they didn’t cherish fossils.

Shi Yu was actually right. Normal revival of divine beast fossils meant that the quasi Mythical race was the cap. The reason why Ling could evolve and break through to the Mythical race was not because of the fossil revival, but because of the special skill “Mythical Revival”!

Without Mythical Revival, there was no Wind Blessing, so there was naturally no Mythical race.

But at the scene, there were also people who understood, such as the mechanical legendary, the Elven Empress, President Lin, and a few other experts. They knew very well.

This was a real Mythical race!

However, there were many people here. Before knowing the rules of the World Tournament, this information naturally had to be used as a trump card.

“In the world competition, if Shi Yu uses the Wind Blessing, Z and the others will be shocked.”

The Elven Empress said to herself.

“If Senior Z thinks that this can’t be evidence, it’s alright. When the world competition starts, you can further verify it from Lord World Tree. Lord World Tree should have awakened this time to deal with the upcoming Mythical Revival.”

“If the Wind Kirin can sense it, so can the World Tree, the clone of the planet’s will.”

“Seven years. I think this number will also be uttered by Lord World Tree.”

“Before we obtain the verification of the World Tree, you can pretend that I didn’t say anything,” Shi Yu said with a smile.

In other words, if he obtained verification from the World Tree, the Mythical resources couldn’t be lacking.

At this moment, seeing Shi Yu so confident, the various legendaries and presidents had shocked expressions.

There were still seven years until the Mythical Revival?!

Seven years later, demigods and legendaries would have a chance to break through to the Mythical stage?

Crack!

At the same time, as Shi Yu started to talk about myths, legendaries tore through space one after another and arrived at the scene, staring at Shi Yu.

The seven legends descended together, making the archeologists present feel a little suffocated. Their eyes widened.

“This information is indeed extraordinary.”

The Rongguang Hero King looked at Shi Yu solemnly and glanced at the mechanical legendary Divine Source. “If you can obtain verification from Lord World Tree, you will definitely have a share of the rewards for Mythical resources.”

At this moment, since the legends had spoken, the other archeologists and presidents of the association naturally didn’t dare to push it.

At the same time, they cursed their mechanics in their hearts again. Why was he so fast?

They still couldn’t replicate Dong Huang’s fossil recovery technology for a long time.

It could actually… revive the biological phantom of the Mythical Era?!

The archeologists present looked at the Wind Kirin with jealous eyes.

Looking at this perfect creature…

At the same time, they looked at this young man in horror. No one expected that the prophecy he made at the Dong Huang Mechanical Conference a few months ago would be verified in such a short period of time.

If what Shi Yu said just now could still be true, Shi Yu was definitely a name that couldn’t be avoided in the future in the archeological field.

However, after becoming a prophet, Shi Yu still didn’t want to end it. He still wanted to say something.

He said, “Then seniors, I’ll continue?”

Everyone was stunned. There was… more?

Shi Yu’s expression was calm. This was only the beginning. This was only one of the many information pieces he had obtained from Qi. Apart from that, he, Buggy, and Ling had yet to explain the reason for the destruction of the Mythical Era.

Also… after Buggy evolved into a green dragon and worked hard for a day, he and Buggy finally entered the dream of that mysterious fossil. They finally saw the main body of this Mythical creature clearly. Through here, they also obtained relatively explosive information. Otherwise, why would he be so weak now?