Chapter 884 - 884 Legendary Archeologist (3)

884 Legendary Archeologist (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

If the two archeological results Shi Yu mentioned just now were verified, the fossil recovery system would become the greatest invention. Shi Yu himself would definitely become a legendary archeologist in the future.

“We will also verify this with the World Tree,” the Rongguang Hero King said with a serious expression.

At the moment, even the way the Seven Islands Valkyrie looked at Shi Yu had changed.

She didn’t expect that the little brat who caused trouble on the Seven Islands actually had such an unbelievable discovery in archeology.

“Next, I want to talk about the information about the faction of the third ‘Beast of the Contaminated World’ in the above-mentioned archeological discoveries.” At this moment, Shi Yu had no intention of going down at all. “Everyone knows that the Abyss Sea is said to come from outer space, but is there a possibility that their goal is not only the ocean, but also land.”

“In fact, in the ‘recent period’, this faction has already targeted Blue Planet again.”

“Ten thousand years ago, in the totem era, a meteorite fell from the sky and landed on the blue planet. A meteor the size of a city fell on the blue planet and evolved into a life form during the fall. After it evolved into a life form, its talent was terrifying. Soon, it had the strength of a totem level and slept in the east.”

“2000 years ago, its strength reached the peak. It called itself Yun An, modified the Yun race, and dominated the Eastern Land. It mastered the radiation curse law of the ‘incurable injury’.”

“Dong Huang’s second legendary emperor, Emperor Wu, died to kill Yun An. This history was discovered by me and has already been circulated in Dong Huang.”

“Similarly, in the west, the Mother Life Tree in the Tingxiang area was also polluted by an unknown pollution source into the ‘Dark Mother Tree’. Most of the elves fell into the darkness. Although the later ‘Dark Elf Race’ left and ended the ‘Dark Mother Tree’, this history is a major turning point in the history of Tingxiang.”

“These lives that contain the power of curse pollution have the same abilities as the invaders of the Abyss Sea and the Mythical Era. Can it be seen that they come from the same faction?”

“It’s better to say that they come from the same faction!”

Everyone’s expressions changed slightly.

“This was discovered by me and Lu Qingyi, the archeologist of Dong Huang.”

With that said, Shi Yu took out two pieces of dark flesh, a small bottle of black liquid, and a black leaf.

He said, “From left to right, these are the flesh and blood of the two totem-level generals of the Yun clan under the demigod Yun An. They were obtained by our Dong Huang’s recent hunt, and the liquid in the small bottle is seawater that contains the power of the Western Abyss Sea’s Abyss. It was also obtained by my archeological accident. As for the last leaf, it’s the leaf of the Dark Mother Tree. It was obtained by Dong Huang’s archeologist, Lu Qingyi, from exploring the ruins of Tingxiang.”

“After my research, the three powers come from the same source.”

“The research data will be attached later.”

“You’re also welcome to study it together later.”

“At least this means that the factions that invaded Blue Planet have never stopped watching Blue Planet. They have already begun to stir.”

Many archeologists had shocked expressions. The seawater of the Abyss Sea, the leaves of the Dark Mother Tree… How could they find such a thing?

Compared to the Mythical Era, Shi Yu felt that this kind of thing was a small matter, but he also hoped to obtain an additional legendary resource.

However, for these archeologists, it was a big matter that made them even more nervous.

The expressions of the Seven Islands Valkyrie and the Elven Empress changed slightly. They didn’t expect that the Yun Race and the Dark Mother Tree could actually be related to the invaders of the Abyss Sea and even the Mythical Era.

At this moment, various clues showed that what Shi Yu said was largely the truth.

Dr. Gufu, who had just gone on stage, had already had hundreds of millions of changes in his expression. He was completely immersed in Shi Yu’s story just now. Only now did he realize that what Shi Yu said was all incomparable and super heavy archeological discoveries.

If he obtained the confirmation of the World Tree and the promise of the Rongguang Legendary just now, didn’t that mean that the Mythical resource had already been reserved by this kid?

The other archeologists were also stunned and realized this.

Everyone was here for the resource reward.

Not to mention archeologists, even the presidents and legendary experts of the various countries had subtle feelings.

The reason why they took out so many rewards was to encourage countries to share information.

From the current progress, if archeological discoveries such as “The Mythical Revival Period”, “Information on the races that invaded from outer space”, “The reason for the end of the Mythical Era”, and “being spied on by the pollution source faction” were confirmed, it didn’t seem right for Shi Yu, who had come up with important information related to the Mythical Era and the future of Blue Planet, not to receive the reward of two Mythical resources.

Unless an archeologist could say more important archeological discoveries later, but… they felt that what Shi Yu said had already touched the ceiling.

Now, everyone also understood that the most expensive resources had already been locked onto by Shi Yu. Unless Shi Yu failed and his archeological discoveries were overturned.

Everyone’s mood couldn’t help but become serious. They instantly hoped that Shi Yu’s archeological discoveries would be overturned. It wasn’t because of Mythical resources, but because if that was the case, they wouldn’t have to face the possible disaster.

They didn’t want to encounter another disaster that happened in the Mythical Era in their lifetime.

Then, just as everyone thought that Shi Yu, this young man who might become a “legendary archeologist”, was about to go down, Shi Yu calmly took out another fossil.