Chapter 885 - 885 Legendary Archeologist (4)

885 Legendary Archeologist (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

After moving it out, it was a huge machine the height of a person. From its appearance, it was the archeological machine Shi Yu had displayed at the Mechanical Conference.

However, this machine had already been upgraded by Shi Yu, Buggy, and Ling yesterday.

Everyone: “?”

What… was he doing?

“I still have an archeological discovery,” Shi Yu said seriously. “It can also be said to be evidence.”

Everyone: “?”

F*ck, did he want to take all the rewards?

“The mechanical phantom beast, the Wind Kirin, was revived from a fossil from the Mythical Era, but the Wind Kirin in the dream memory is only a cub that hasn’t grown to the Mythical stage.”

“But this fossil…” Shi Yu held the fossil in his hand and said,” Its owner is a real Mythical creature! ”

“As a result, with the current technological ability, it’s impossible to revive it.”

“However, although I can’t revive it, I still obtained a lot of important information from its dream memory!!”

“At the same time, some dream memories also confirm many of the above discoveries.”

Everyone widened their eyes.

“He succeeded??” Principal Feng was stunned. This fossil had also developed results!!

After all, Dr. Mei Xiuying and the others had yet to develop any results with the help of the top-notch AI!

“The fossil of a real divine beast?!”

The expression of the mechanical legendary of Shen Feng had already changed many times. He looked at the mechanical legendary in his heart.

He seemed to have underestimated the fossil recovery technology.

This thing could really touch the domain?

How was that possible!

At this moment, the Shen Feng mechanical legendary looked at Shi Yu and had the urge to kidnap Shi Yu back to Shen Feng.

At this moment, Shi Yu placed the Mythical fossil and activated this upgraded fossil archeological device.

In the next moment.

Buzz.

The power of imagination appeared in the entire display venue, and an extremely unfamiliar environment appeared.

On the dry ground, red magma rolled. On the ground, a huge monster stood motionless on it, filled with the charm of history. Traces of time lingered, making people feel that endless time had already begun to reverse. It was actually a dragon hundreds of meters tall!!

Its body seemed to be watered by the deep power underground. On its ancient earth body, hot power rolled and flickered. As it opened its brown dragon eyes, a pressure from the divine domain enveloped all life present.

Even the expressions of the legendaries changed slightly as they looked at this creature that looked like a “dragon” in shock. Its appearance was inclined towards a Western dragon, but it didn’t have wings. From the attributes, it was close to the earth element. This was the main body of the unknown mysterious fossil, a member of the dragon race of the Mythical Era, the Earth Divine Dragon that had mastered the vibration law.

Shi Yu and Ling couldn’t help but sigh. Little Ji was really damn lucky. This fossil was actually dragon-element, and it was earth-element. It had to be said that in an instant, Little Ji’s potential had increased to an extremely high level under Shi Yu and Ling’s imagination. If it could successfully fuse the phantom power of this fossil in the future, its divine-level potential would be stable.

“As everyone can see, this is a dragon that lived to the end of the Mythical Era and experienced a divine battle. It has reached the Mythical stage. It’s called the ‘Earth Divine Dragon’ and has mastered the ‘quake law’. It can easily cause earthquakes and volcanic eruptions that destroy countries.”

“From its dream memories, or perhaps it can be said to be an obsession, we obtained a lot of information worth taking seriously.”

“After the Mythical Era ended, a large number of divine beasts still survived.”

“However, at that time, the rules of Blue Planet were flawed. The nutrients of the world were no longer enough to support their survival. There were three paths waiting for them.”

“One is to leave the Blue Planet Space and head to the starry sky to find a new home.”

“Second, open an independent space, seal itself, and fall into a deep sleep. When the Blue Planet Mythical Revival happens, it awakens again.”

“Third, undergo continuous reincarnation and start from the beginning. When the Mythical Revival and the nomological memories are activated, it can also awaken again.”

“The three methods all had their own risks. At that time, the remaining divine-level creatures chose different paths according to their conditions.”

“Among them, it’s very difficult for the Earth Divine Dragon to leave Blue Planet or undergo continuous reincarnation due to the restrictions of its attributes, race, and the power of laws it controls.”

“Therefore, it chose to sleep. Although I don’t know if it can last until the Mythical Revival, this is the only way. However, one day, a meteorite descended from the sky and a huge asteroid collided with Blue Planet. Blue Planet’s space trembled again. Many sleeping Mythical creatures were affected and were heavily injured and died in their sleep, including the Earth Divine Dragon.”

“In the end, it can only appear in this era where myths are about to revive in the form of fossils because of the advantage of the earth element,” Shi Yu said slowly.

“What I want to say is that if the Mythical Era revives, a certain number of Mythical creatures that have survived the Mythical Era should awaken.”

“They might either awaken from the Mythical Ruins we excavated or awaken as reincarnations. Perhaps they will also return from outer space.”

“Although they were once native life forms of Blue Planet, we still don’t know their attitude towards humans and the current Blue Planet life forms. But if the conditions allow, I think it’s safer to maintain ‘friendship’. After all, we might have a common enemy.”

“By the way, in the Mythical Era, Mythical creatures also have racial levels.”

“According to the strength or number of people who have mastered the ‘power of the natural order’, they are divided into ‘low-level Mythical race’, ‘medium-level Mythical race’, ‘high-level Mythical race’, and ‘top-notch Mythical race’. The battle power of Mythical creatures is the same. It depends largely on the race level, or it can be said to be the strength and number of divine skills.”

At this moment, Shi Yu directly led everyone into the Mythical Era.

Looking at Shi Yu on the stage, everyone had an extremely complicated feeling.

It felt like from today onwards…

Blue Planet…

It seemed like a new chapter was about to begin.

From the moment an archeologist named Shi Yu saw a corner of the Mythical Era.

However…

“Who can stop this guy? Don’t let him talk. The more he talks, the more afraid I am…”

“Moreover, is he done? Is he going to finish the prize pool alone!!”

Many archeologists widened their eyes and looked at this young man. Was he an animal? Why did it feel like he had f*cking been to the Mythical Era!

….

At the same time.

Inatella.

At the root.

The consciousness of the World Tree woke up again.

“It’s starting soon.”

“The time is ripe. It’s time to tell the creatures of this era the truth of the destruction of the Mythical Era and the threat facing Blue Planet.”

“I hope they can accept this information calmly.”

It looked at the many Mythical ruins towering in Inatella and the Mythical creatures that were also reviving inside. In this World Tournament, apart from the resource competition between various transcendent races and the humans it thought highly of, it also wanted this batch of people to experience and understand the cruelty of the Mythical Era and the power of the Mythical Domain!