Chapter 886 - 886 The Eve Of The World Tournament

886 The Eve of the World Tournament

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Through Qi’s memories, Shi Yu kept spoiling the Mythical Era at the archeological Conference.

In an instant, the archeological Conference was covered in dark clouds.

Speaking of which, the reason for this archeological Conference was that the countries felt that this world competition was a little strange.

They felt that the Mythical Era might be coming.

Therefore, it was to let countries share known information.

They hoped to consolidate the truth through various information.

However, at this moment, Shi Yu directly couldn’t mess with everyone.

The meeting had just begun, and Shi Yu had finished explaining the goal of this exchange alone.

Moreover, it brought quite explosive news.

There were only seven years left until the Mythical Revival. At that time, the external enemies that had ended the Mythical Era would invade Blue Planet!

The countries thought about their archeological discoveries and fell silent.

Compared to what Shi Yu said, they were all unimportant details.

Not to mention the Mythical Era, most countries, such as the Seven Islands and Tingxiang, only brought archeological discoveries from the totem era.

Among them, it was already a very impressive result for Xue Yuan to be able to crack the cosmic ruins.

And this result was only a minor detail in Shi Yu’s archeological discoveries.

In an instant, these archeologists were not even in the mood to watch the world competition.

They only wanted to get verification from the World Tree.

Also…

Was the “machinery phantom beast system” really that ridiculous?

They widened their eyes and looked at the Earth Divine Dragon in the arena and Shi Yu in front of the Earth Divine Dragon.

At this moment, as Shi Yu spied on the Mythical Era, archeologists who were willing to believe Shi Yu, such as Dong Huang, were already trembling.

The seniors of Bureau 11 swallowed their saliva.

Some archeologists spent their lives just to restore the truth of history.

Among them, the various things of the Mythical Era were undoubtedly the most difficult pursuit. And now, someone had finally managed to peep in. Although it wasn’t them, they were also the first batch of witnesses.

Not to mention these archeologists, even these legendaries were moved.

“Divine Source, are these real?”

The Snowfield Battle God couldn’t help but ask Divine Source.

For Shi Yu to say this, it must have been verified by Dong Huang.

The six legendaries present didn’t believe that a superpower like Dong Huang would weave such a lie for just two Mythical resources with low functionality.

Moreover, it was a lie that could be verified with the World Tree.

“Of course,” Divine Source said.

If it were other archeologists, he might have doubts.

However, Shi Yu was different.

Divine Source was one of the few people present who knew. Shi Yu’s Wind Kirin was a beast of a Mythical race who had mastered quasi-divine skills.

Mythical race, monarch level.

Such a ridiculous thing had already happened. In comparison, what was wrong with spying on some fossil dream memories and understanding the Mythical Era?

It couldn’t be luck.

Moreover, what Shi Yu carried was also a luck-type quasi-divine skill!

This was a true Son of Luck.

The various legendaries present were also very serious.

Because if it was true, they were also about to witness the key moment in history.

Legendary-level people looked very strong.

In a single era, legendary-level was indeed very strong.

But in the entire history of Blue Planet, legendary level was only so-so.

Just in Dragon Palace City, there were more than a hundred demigod-level Dragon Gods who left behind the Dragon God Statue.

If all the factions were added together, there would be even more legendary/ demigod-level. There were countless of them, and there were very few who could leave traces in history.

And among so many legendaries, as legendary members closest to the Mythical Era, these legends present didn’t know if they had caught up to the best era or the worst era.

“That’s about all I have to say.”

Soon, Shi Yu finally finished speaking.

But the scene fell silent.

Before the legends of the various countries could say anything, the presidents and archeologists naturally didn’t take the initiative to speak either.

As the host of this World Archeological Exchange, the Rongguang Hero King was silent for a moment before saying,

“Thank you.”

“Dr. Shi Yu.”

“Because your archeological discoveries, good or bad, have greatly changed the fate of this world.”

On the stage, Shi Yu smiled and said, “Just doing my part.”

“After all, my childhood dream was to become an archeologist.”

“It’s my dream to change the fate of this world through archeological methods.”

“In addition, after the World Tournament ends, if these archeological discoveries are verified, I’m willing to share the ‘Fossil Revival Technique’ with the Seven Nation Alliance on an equal level to promote the world-wide Mythical archeological tide and help the entire world to welcome the disaster that might happen next.”

“What…?”

As Shi Yu finished speaking, the expressions of all the archeologists present trembled.

The presidents of the associations of countries like Shen Feng and the Seven Islands were also shocked.

What did Shi Yu just say?

He was willing to share the “fossil recovery technology” with the Seven Nation Alliance?

The countries had wanted fossil recovery technology for a long time.

But Dong Huang just didn’t give it to them.

But now… as Shi Yu said this, everyone’s expressions changed.

They couldn’t imagine that the creator of the fossil recovery technology in front of him would actually say such a thing.

Divine Source, President Lin, and the others had calm expressions.

This matter was actually the result of Shi Yu and the others’ discussion.

If a disaster was really about to happen, what Dong Huang needed to do was quickly increase its national strength.

Although the fossil revival technology could become an inheritance foundation tens of thousands of years later…