Chapter 887 - 887 The Eve Of The World Tournament (2)

887 The Eve of the World Tournament (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

However, the forming period was too far away. Moreover, it could only deal with ordinary totem battles. Facing the Mythical War, it would definitely be powerless.

Why not share it and “equivalently” obtain a huge amount of resources from the Seven Nation Alliance that could increase Dong Huang’s national strength now?

For example, Mythical resources, Mythical fossils.

Of course, the most important thing was that the threshold for fossil recovery technology was too high.

Apart from the founder Shi Yu, who had Buggy, Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong, and Ling, the conditions for outsiders to use it were harsh.

Even with the support of a top-notch brainpower in the fourth bureau of Dong Huang, they didn’t develop that divine-level fossil.

After all, the top-notch AI was left behind by Divine Source.

In other words, the legendary think tank pet of the Divine Source was helping the fourth bureau study. Even so, there was little progress.

In the end, they still had to rely on Buggy, who had evolved into a green dragon, Shi Yu, who had max-level Psychic power, and Ling’s luck enhancement to spy on a portion of the Earth Divine Dragon’s dream memories. Moreover, they had yet to revive it.

Therefore, Shi Yu was even more certain that if the Mythical Era was seven years later, it was better to use the mechanical phantom beast technology to exchange for more Mythical resources to grow faster and better sit on the first bus of the Mythical Era.

Moreover, in the face of external enemies, the Seven Nation Alliance together was stronger. Only then could they deal with external enemies better.

At this moment, these archeologists didn’t know Shi Yu’s little plan. Even if they knew, because the “machinery phantom beast technology” crossed eras, everyone definitely felt that the value of this technology was greater than everything and Mythical resources!

They had literally just seen Shi Yu with a revived divine beast and even a divine beast phantom!

He even spied on the Mythical Era.

If they could obtain such supreme technology in the archeological field, they were willing to pay any price!

Some archeologists had different evaluations of Shi Yu just now.

Then, they looked at Shi Yu as if they were looking at the “archeological god”.

What a structure?

“Is what you said true?”

Shi Yu’s words stunned even the mechanical legendary of Shen Feng.

“Yes.” Shi Yu nodded.

At this moment, the legendaries of the various countries, including the Seven Islands Valkyrie, who originally didn’t have a good impression of Shi Yu, reassessed Shi Yu.

Perhaps this was a pure archeologist.

Only Dong Huang’s own people had strange expressions.

After all, this guy’s childhood dream was to become an archeologist?

Relying on archeological methods to change the world was his dream?

Why did Principal Feng, Lu Qingyi, and the others remember something else… Wasn’t Shi Yu’s childhood dream to be a Feeder, Mechanic, and Beast Tamer?

In the archeological field, didn’t Bureau 11 use 10 million yuan to seduce Shi Yu into the bureau willingly?

Forget it, it wasn’t important anymore. In any case, there weren’t many secondary positions left that could be Shi Yu’s dreams.

…

Initially, in the face of Shi Yu’s archeological discoveries, there were no longer many archeologists from other countries who thought that they could obtain resources.

At this moment, when he heard that Shi Yu actually wanted to share the “machinery phantom beast technology”, they were even less hopeful.

They understood that this archeological Conference had ended before it even started.

Shi Yu had completed the kill.

If nothing unexpected happened, the two Mythical resources would probably be directly divided by Shi Yu. In fact, several legendary resources would be divided.

Although there were still many legendary resources left that might not necessarily all be given to Shi Yu, they… looked in Dong Huang’s direction.

None of the archeologists from Bureau 11 of Dong Huang had gone on stage yet. What Shi Yu had just said was almost his archeological discovery alone.

Dong Huang was the strongest archeological country. It was impossible for Shi Yu to be the only one to make major archeological discoveries.

Therefore, they could already imagine how cruel the competition would be waiting for them.

At the thought of this, these archeologists fell silent. Fortunately, compared to legendary resources, they had experienced a new history and witnessed the birth of the “archeological god”. This trip was not a loss.

“This Shi Yu should also participate in the world competition, right?”

At that moment, even the legendaries acknowledged Shi Yu’s archeological talent.

The Snowfield War God, Vader, muttered.

There were many Inatella Mythical Ruins. As the trump card of the Dong Huang archeological world, it was impossible for Shi Yu not to explore them.

“Yeah.” Divine Source nodded.

“From the fluctuations of his summoning array just now, he’s still a level-six Beast Tamer. Even if it’s as Z said, he contracted an overlord above his level. It’s still too difficult and dangerous to participate in the world competition. Divine Source, during the world competition, I’ll ask our contestants to take care of him.”

At the legendary level, they were all smart people. The Snowfield Battle God understood. He knew that although Shi Yu had promised the mechanical phantom beast technology, the word “equivalent” was actually a little scammy. It was very subjective.

It all depended on Dong Huang’s mood.

At this moment, the better his relationship with Dong Huang and Dr. Shi Yu, the smaller the price he might have to pay.

How could he get closer to Dr. Shi Yu in the simplest way?

With Shi Yu’s strength, participating in the World Tournament was really a little difficult in the eyes of the legendaries of the various countries. If he wanted to explore the ruins, he probably had to rely on others to protect him. If there was a chance to save Shi Yu’s life or help, they might be able to freeload the mechanical phantom beast technology.

“…” Divine Source.

He didn’t want to say anything.

Take care of Shi Yu?

Was it referring to how to show off by “taking care of Shi Yu”? Were they… trying to grasp the opportunity?