Chapter 882 - 882 Legendary Archeologist (1)

882 Legendary Archeologist (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“A new Mythical Era might come in seven years.”

“But actually, I’m more willing to believe that this is fake.”

At the venue of the Glory World archeological Exchange.

Shi Yu first predicted the time of the Mythical Revival before speaking in front of everyone.

The information he had just mentioned was not just limited to the legendaries of the countries stuck at level nine.

Even archeologists of different ages at the scene were very concerned.

The reason was very simple. If this was true, they were witnessing a major historical change!

Various ruins showed that during the Mythical Era and even the early totem era, the human race didn’t exist.

Humans didn’t make it in time. Until now, there wasn’t a single divine-level life form.

Then, if the Mythical stage revived, would it be possible for humans to give birth to their first Mythical Beast Tamer?

Was it possible for them to know this person? Everyone was looking forward to it.

However, Shi Yu’s next words made everyone fall silent again.

He had just predicted the time of the Mythical Revival, and now he was saying that his hope was fake. What was going on?

“Everyone, please look here.” Shi Yu inserted a chip into the technological device in front of him.

In the next moment, an image appeared on the screen.

It was a barren world. On the barren ground, the figure of a creature appeared.

Everyone realized that this figure was the mechanical phantom beast, the Wind Kirin, beside Shi Yu.

Or rather, the mechanical phantom beast, the Wind Kirin, looked exactly the same as the creature in the scene.

“This is…”

Archeologists who were familiar with the mechanical phantom beast system quickly determined what this was.

It should be the dream memory of an ancient fossil!

“This is the dream memory of the mechanical phantom beast,” Shi Yu said.

As expected, Shi Yu’s words confirmed this.

Everyone quickly discovered that in the scene, the Kirin Race, known as one of the three Mythical races of the east, was actually fleeing.

It looked extremely panicked, as if there was a terrifying existence behind it.

The scene changed. In the next moment, the image of the creature chasing it appeared.

Its appearance looked to be made of many different species. It had a purple-red ant-like body and was extremely huge.

Every hand and foot looked like the limbs of a dragon. At the end were sharp dragon claws, and its face was as ferocious as a demon. Under its blood-red eyes were rows of sharp white teeth and green saliva.

On its back, there were also four pairs of long and huge sharp purple-red thorns, looking extremely terrifying…

Bang, bang, bang…

Seeing this creature’s extremely uncoordinated terrifying image, many people felt physiological discomfort and their hearts skipped a beat.

“GOD… What’s this!!” A yellow-haired archeological old man muttered. This was the first time he had seen such an uncomfortable creature.

“It… is chasing after the Wind Kirin?!” Shen Feng’s mechanical legendary was stunned.

If this was the fossil dream memory, then the Wind Kirin in the dream memory was definitely a real Mythical race. It was far more complete than Shi Yu’s revival. However, even such a creature, a creature with the background of a Mythical race, was actually being chased?

Then was the one chasing it… also a divine beast?

“This creature is called ‘Space Worm’. It’s an extremely terrifying invasion species for other life planets.”

“They’re born with ‘quasi-divine skills’ that contain the ‘devouring law’. They’re considered a Mythical race. Like the Dragon, the Phoenix, and the Kirin, their race is overall a Mythical race. However, compared to other Mythical races, the ‘starry sky worm’ has a terrifying characteristic like the other bug-type creatures on our Blue Planet.”

“That is, its reproduction ability is extremely strong!”

“They have a strong appetite. They can quickly digest food with very high energy levels through ‘devouring skills’. It’s not impossible to digest the corpses of other Mythical races and divine beasts as food.”

“The most terrifying thing is that after they eat divine beasts, they can also complete their evolution and display the merits of other species on their bodies, which is to optimize their race! Apart from that, they can also store the nutrients they devour in their bodies and carry out the next generation’s reproduction, letting the next generation’s ‘starry sky worms’ inherit the merits of the creatures they swallowed.”

“It can be said that… the end of the Mythical Era was to a certain extent because of the ‘Space Worm’. An extremely dazzling era was destroyed by a ‘weakest attribute’ of our modern world.”

Shi Yu looked at the many legendaries who had yet to walk away, and at the presidents of the various countries. He looked at the archeologists of the various countries and said, “According to the dream memories, the east at that time clearly had havoc wreaked by the Space Worm Race. Even the Wind Kirin Race was forced to be involved in the racial war.”

“This is a war between ‘predators’ and ‘food’.”

Most people opened their mouths wide.

They looked at the terrifying worm in the scene in disbelief.

“Wh-what!” When Shi Yu finished speaking, everyone was stunned by the ridiculous racial ability of this so-called Space Worm.

How could such a creature exist?

The legends of Shen Feng, Rongguang, the Seven Islands, Xue Yuan, Ming Hua, and Tingxiang looked at the creature in the scene in shock.

No wonder it was an extremely terrifying invading species for other life planets. This ability was simply the enemy of all races.

Shi Yu said, “Not only that, but in the Mythical Era of Blue Planet, according to the Wind Kirin’s incomplete dream memory, there was more than one invader, the ‘Space Worm Race’.”