Chapter 880 - 880 Shi Yu Telling Myths (4)

880 Shi Yu Telling Myths (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Everyone should know that the champions of the World Tournament who have received blessings have all obtained information when communicating with the World Tree. At the moment, the laws of Blue Planet are incomplete, and it’s very difficult to break through to the Mythical stage, even with its blessings. And we discovered another path to the Mythical stage in this ruin!”

“The further away from Blue Planet, the easier it is to touch the power of the natural order and escape the incomplete restraints of Blue Planet. This is the message left behind by that demigod. It once spent 500 years exploring the starry sky and came to such a conclusion. However, the most regrettable thing is that it couldn’t break through to the Mythical stage in the end and reached the limit of its lifespan. If it was given another 100 years, it might really have a chance.”

“Therefore, it’s not wrong for us to explore the starry sky. Developing technology and reaching the depths of the starry sky is the foundation for us to step into the Mythical stage. Therefore, I think that the Seven Nation Alliance working together to develop the cosmic fleet and attack the starry sky is the future of the Beast Taming Era. We can even open a new era of starry sky pets!”

Gufu’s words caused a thousand waves. A person’s imagination was infinitely big. What he said had actually been imagined by archeologists and scientists. They thought that outer space was the key to breaking through to the Mythical stage, but there was no evidence.

And now, with the excavation of this cosmic ruin from the totem era a million years ago, the verification of a demigod-level life form that had explored the cosmos for 500 years undoubtedly added some truth to this statement.

Gufu used the technological device on the communication platform to simultaneously display the information they had explored in the cosmic ruins as evidence.

“Even if it’s true, Master Gufu, do you know how much resources it takes to build a battleship that can continuously shuttle through the universe and reach the depths of the starry sky? Do you know how much money is needed to support its navigation? With such resources, with the fact that a life form might break through to the Mythical stage, not to mention hundreds of years… Isn’t the investment too unstable?” an archeologist from Shen Feng said.

“But this is also a path, isn’t it?” Master Gufu looked over.

In the alternate space, many legendaries remained silent. This was indeed a path, but at least their generation definitely couldn’t afford to wait.

There were actually rumors about those who had gone to the depths of the starry sky to break through. However, this time, Xue Yuan had used archeological methods to produce more concrete evidence.

Around this topic, many archeologists and presidents of the various associations present immediately discussed and argued.

Among them, what Shi Yu was concerned about was the “Star Beast Demigod” of this totem era. It was really powerful. It actually broke through the restrictions of Blue Planet at the totem level and headed into the depths of the starry sky to explore.

He just didn’t know how many lives there were apart from it. It should be the kind of native life form on Blue Planet that returned after exploring the starry sky. Was there anyone who didn’t return? Or even… got lost?

After an unknown period of time, President Auland said, “This topic ends here. After the conference, the jury will analyze and collect evidence of this research result. Next, please let the next archeological master who wants to exchange the results go on stage.”

As President Auland finished speaking, everyone’s gazes landed on Shi Yu, who had not participated in the discussion just now and was sitting at a side.

Shi Yu indeed didn’t have the energy to discuss it. He had half-closed his eyes the whole time and was resting… He was so tired…

But after it was his turn, Shi Yu perked up and walked onto the arena calmly in his white research suit.

After walking onto the arena, he looked around like a big boss.

“Actually, I agree with what Senior Gufu said just now.”

“The future of Beast Tamers is in the starry sky.”

As Shi Yu finished speaking, everyone was in an uproar. Master Gufu, who had just gone down, looked at this young man from Dong Huang in surprise.

However, Shi Yu’s next words made the corners of his mouth twitch.

“However, there’s no need for us humans to explore the starry sky yet, not until thousands of years have passed.”

“This isn’t the way to break through to the Mythical stage.”

“I’m Shi Yu.” The corners of Shi Yu’s mouth curled up. “According to my judgment, if nothing goes wrong, in about seven years, the laws of Blue Planet will be completely perfected. At that time, the Mythical era will revive. From then on, Blue Planet won’t have any restrictions that can’t break through the Mythical stage.”

“What!!!”

When Shi Yu finished speaking, all the archeologists present were stunned.

The seven presidents sitting at the judges’ table and the legendary experts guarding the alternate space were stunned.

Even President Lin and the mechanical legendary were very shocked.

Where did Shi Yu find this explanation?

Didn’t they agree on a disaster that would end the Mythical Era?

In the end, he predicted the time of the Mythical Revival the moment he came up and even predicted the exact year?!

“Dr. Shi Yu, you’re not kidding, right? Do you have any evidence?” The person who asked was the president of the Shen Feng Association. This white-bearded old man looked at Shi Yu with a scrutinizing expression.

Shi Yu also looked at him.

This was actually told to him by Qi.

Before the power completely dissipated, Qi speculated the specific recovery time of the Law Force.

It was seven years later.

At that time, when the laws revived and the world changed drastically, Blue Planet’s main body would awaken, and the natural energy would be more abundant.

Originally, only at that time would she awaken her memories. Shi Yu’s balls hurt now. He originally thought that he still had time, but after chatting with Qi, he realized that the Mythical stage was only seven years away from reviving.

He didn’t know how strong he could be before that.