Chapter 889 - 889 Shi Yu'S Name

889 Shi Yu’s Name

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Only by defeating elemental life forms with the strength of top-notch overlords could they pass the preliminaries and participate in the main competition with other legends!

President Lin looked at Shi Yu, Ji Feng, Zou Yun, and Gao Xuan, the four contestants who needed to participate in the preliminaries.

Shi Yu was definitely not worried.

But to be honest, he was still a little worried about the other three.

Even some legend Beast Tamers might not necessarily win against top-notch overlords, let alone level-six Beast Tamers.

This might be a little easier for those level-six Beast Tamers in the totem countries who had contracted overlords above their level.

However, Beast Tamers of the seven countries actually rarely contracted pets above their level. In other words, Ji Feng and the others had to use six monarchs and their Beast Taming Talent to defeat a top-notch overlord.

Ordinary level-six Beast Tamers usually had the title of top-notch master and could temporarily fight against ordinary overlords.

It wasn’t impossible for relatively strong top-notch masters to kill ordinary overlords, such as Ji Feng of Dong Huang.

But top-notch overlords… This was another difficult challenge.

“Cough, cough, cough. It’s just the preliminaries. Do they have to be so fierce?” The little fatty, Zhou Ming, who had reached the legend level, coughed dryly.

“This is also normal. If you can’t even pass this preliminaries, even if you compete with the legends of the totem country, your life will be in danger,” Ye Xing said with a calm expression.

“Yes.” President Ye looked at everyone and said, “What’s more comforting is that the preliminaries will last for a week. During this period, every level-six Beast Tamer can challenge infinitely.”

“It doesn’t matter if you fail once. You just have to pass in the end.”

“During this period, Dong Huang will fully bear your treatment and recovery resources.”

Zou Yun and the others heaved a sigh of relief. If there were more opportunities to try and test wrongly, that would be alright.

If there was only one chance, that would really be hellish difficulty.

“What about the legend contestants?” Lu Qingyi asked. “If Inatella opens it now… Does that mean that the ruins above can be explored casually?”

President Lin said, “The information revealed by the World Tree Envoy is limited. The most important thing is to inform us when to land on the island. Perhaps after all the participants land on the island, it will give a specific explanation.”

“Next, you guys go and prepare.”

It could be said that apart from Shi Yu… Gao Xuan, Ji Feng, and Zou Yun were a little worried.

As for Shi Yu, he was already thinking about which pet to send to play with the guardian of the preliminaries.

Six against one? No. Although the rules definitely allowed everyone to attack together, for Shi Yu, every pet actually had the strength to defeat a top-notch overlord alone.

There was no need to talk about Eleven and Buggy. It was not a problem for Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong, Susu, and Ling to fight a top-notch overlord.

It was just that he still didn’t know the strength of the guardian. As for which pet to send, it depended on whether this top-notch overlord reached the lower limit of his battle power or the upper limit.

For example, the upper limit would be the Dark Elven Prince Shi Yu encountered, the Flame Dragon King, and the lower limit would be the Green Scaled Dragon that didn’t have overlord’s will. The difficulty was completely different.

“In the end, we still have to wait seven days.” After hearing that it was only level-six Beast Tamers carrying out the preliminaries, Divine Bell sighed. She was wearing ancient clothing.

Zheng Hai, Jiang Tianyang, and the other legendary Beast Tamers smiled. It was pretty good to have more preparation time.

Lu Qingyi looked at Shi Yu, and Shi Yu also sensed her gaze.

Senior Lu’s gaze seemed to be saying that it was his “demonstration time”.

She knew very well that this preliminaries was not a problem for Shi Yu.

Shi Yu had defeated an overlord-level Void Mantis above his level.

Although Senior Void Mantis had just broken through to overlord, because of the comprehensiveness of its skills and the superiority of its attributes, it was not a problem to say that it was a top-notch overlord.

Although in the previous world competitions, no equipment was allowed, Shi Yu’s Buggy’s battle power was greatly reduced.

But that was before.

She had just heard from the gem cat that Shi Yu had contracted two overlords above his level!

One was Eleven, and the other was Buggy. They were both terrifyingly strong.

Although Lu Qingyi didn’t know exactly how strong they were, she could imagine their battle results when she recalled their power back at the monarch level.

Of course, even the gem cat that had seen Eleven and Buggy with its own eyes didn’t realize their limits.

It thought that the green divine dragon was transformed by Buggy with the Dragon of Imagination.

As for Eleven, it didn’t realize that it had already completely crossed into a Mythical race.

“Shi Yu, Lu Qingyi, the two of you stay.”

After letting everyone prepare, President Lin finally spoke.

Shi Yu and Lu Qingyi originally thought that President Lin was going to talk about Inatella’s ruins.

However, it turned out to be to explain the reward of the archeological Conference.

“At the start, the rewards of the archeological Conference are expected to be issued within 30 days of the end of the conference. In other words, the seven countries will only distribute the rewards after the World Tournament. During this period, they will be used to verify the archeological results and discuss among the seven countries.”

“However, if there’s a chance, Dong Huang will try to apply for the reward in advance.”

“For example, if the World Tree verifies the reason for the destruction of the Mythical Era and if Blue Planet might face a great enemy, Dong Huang will try to apply for the two Mythical resources immediately.”

“Therefore, the two of you can tell me about the resources you need. Perhaps you can increase your strength a little before the main competition and use the rewards of the archeological Conference.”

On Dong Huang’s side, apart from Shi Yu, Lu Qingyi and the other archeologists also had archeological discoveries about the Mythical Era and the totem era.