Chapter 883 - 883 Legendary Archeologist (2)

883 Legendary Archeologist (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“If the ‘Space Worm’ is the ‘Devouring Worm of Life’, then there’s also the ‘Space Beast’ of the ‘Devouring Law’. It has the ability to devour the laws of a planet and can turn a planet life form with perfect laws into a dead star. They grow by devouring the power of laws. The height of the cubs is measured in ‘ten thousand meters’. A complete cosmic beast can even pluck the stars and the moon.”

At this moment, the figure of a huge beast appeared in the scene again. It towered into the sky and had a red rock body. With a stomp, the ground trembled and the mountains trembled. The terrain of a continent was instantly changed.

Everyone’s expressions changed.

“Although the dream memory is extremely incomplete, I suspect that the reason why the power of laws on Blue Planet is flawed might be because of the invasion of the ‘cosmic beast’ to a certain extent.”

This wasn’t the end. Soon, the scene changed. It was a filthy world filled with darkness and pollution, like an abyss.

There was no trace of Blue Planet here at all, as if it was operating on another law.

“Apart from the beasts ‘Devourer of Life’ and the ‘Devourer of Laws’, the invaders of Blue Planet at that time also had the ‘World Contaminating Beast’. They had the ability to turn an area of life, be it the environment or life, into their own race. If the purpose of the ‘Space Insect Race’ invasion is to devour life, complete evolution, and reproduce, and the purpose of the ‘Space Beast’s invasion is to devour planets, destroy planets, and grow… Then the purpose of the ‘World Contaminating Beast’ is to transform other life planets into new homes suitable for their own survival and colonize the entire starry sky.”

“The Abyss Sea might be the representative of this faction.”

“Many archeologists have guessed if they encountered any external enemies at the end of the Blue Planet’s Mythical Era. And now, I can confirm that there’s no mistake. Moreover, they encountered invaders from outer space with unimaginable strength. I don’t know if they were on the same side, but in that era, the native lives of Blue Planet must have experienced an extremely tragic battle.”

“Even Blue Planet fell asleep because of this.”

“The reason why I don’t have any expectations for the Mythical Revival seven years later is that when Blue Planet regains the huge life resources and law resources from the Mythical Era, will the invaders from outer space invade Blue Planet again?”

Shi Yu’s expression was extremely serious.

Everyone’s expressions changed.

Even the expressions of the mechanical legendary and President Lin changed slightly.

Previously, Shi Yu had also mentioned to them the reason for the destruction of the Mythical Era.

However, there were no such details at all.

Even the racial information of the invaders was very clear to Shi Yu.

It looked like Shi Yu’s research had probably made new progress.

This progress was undoubtedly very shocking.

The people of Dong Huang trusted Shi Yu very much, so they naturally didn’t think that Shi Yu was lying.

If it was true…

If the invaders that had been destroyed in the Mythical Era could descend again, the current Blue Planet would definitely not be able to resist.

Including humans and all other species, they would become food for the Space Worms, provided that the Space Worms took a fancy to their inferior food that had yet to reach the “God Domain”.

The entire Blue Planet would be swallowed by the cosmic beast. Now that the “divine battle power” was scarce, there were probably not many native life forms on Blue Planet who could protect their home planet.

These sounded distant, but when combined with what Shi Yu had just said about “mythical revival, there are only seven years left”, everyone’s hearts immediately thumped, as if it was the countdown to the end of the world.

“This kid…” Principal Feng’s face trembled. Why didn’t he tell him in advance about such a big matter?

It was over, the end of the world? He had yet to hug his nephew.

At the side, Lu Qingyi’s expression was also solemn. It was difficult to imagine Shi Yu’s heavy mood when he learned of these things.

All the archeologists’ expressions changed, stunned by this news.

The presidents and legends of the various countries had bewildered expressions. They looked at this young archeologist, not knowing if what he said was true.

“Regardless of whether these enemies will invade again in the future, I think we should prepare.”

“Of course, this kind of thing can only be verified with ‘dream memories’. Although I think it’s enough, it concerns the fate of the entire planet. It’s worth verifying again.”

“Just like the ‘seven-year time limit’, as a clone divided by Blue Planet, the World Tree definitely knows this. This World Tournament reveals something strange. Why did only the humans of the seven countries participate in the previous years? And this time, they let the various hostile factions go to Inatella together. There must be a crisis that’s about to affect all the lives of Blue Planet. That’s why it’s worth the World Tree doing this.”

“I think this matter, including the three invading races, can also be verified with the World Tree,” Shi Yu said.

At this moment, the hearts of many archeologists tightened.

If there were still people who felt that this disaster theory was too strange and unreal just now, why did it coincidentally happen to be in their era? But now, combined with the actions of the World Tree, they couldn’t refute it at all.

Yes, this world competition revealed something strange. It was clearly a sign that something big was about to happen.

At that moment, they felt that the person standing on the stage was no longer an ordinary archeologist. How could he say this so calmly?