Chapter 897 - 897 Not Human Again (2)

897 Not Human Again (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Every elemental clone has the battle power of a top-notch overlord.”

“The preliminaries for level-six Beast Tamers are already so difficult. The next Mythical Trial will probably be even more difficult.”

In the sky, the legendary demigods’ gazes landed on the entire island. They saw that the higher World Tree clones had already dispersed and turned into green tree bugs again outside the various arenas. They also hid in the void again, planning to quietly pay attention to the preliminaries.

Although the preliminaries weren’t very attractive to them, they were already here. They didn’t mind waiting a few days before the Mythical Trial.

However, most of them were legendaries and demigods who were more familiar with each other. They went to the deep space to communicate what the World Tree had just said!

Mythical Era would descend, and external enemies had invaded!

This was not good.

Most of these foreign demigods went to question the legendaries of the seven countries and ask them what else they knew.

“Sylphra.”

For example, the Dark Elven Empress of the Dark Night Forest, this high and mighty goddess in a black dress, stopped in front of the Elven Empress in Tingxiang and said with a smile,

“What do you know about the ‘Three Invasion Disasters’? Tell me. You don’t want the contestants of the World Tournament in Tingxiang to be injured during the competition, right?”

The Elven Empress of Tingxiang looked at the other party with a faint smile and said, “Speaking of which, I really didn’t expect the Dark Elves to participate in the World Tournament. After all, your Dark Elves are also products of the pollution of the ‘Abyss Evil God’. Even if you betray the Dark Mother Tree, it can’t change the fact that your blood is extremely dirty.”

The Dark Elven Empress’s gaze turned cold, and her entire body emitted killing intent.

…

The legendaries and demigods retreated. The World Tree clone turned into tree bugs again and spread outside the arena. It paid attention to the entire competition, representing the official start of the World Tournament preliminaries!

Be it the contestants of the seven countries or the totem country, none of them acted rashly immediately. After all, there was also a reward mechanism in the preliminaries. They definitely had to consider carefully how to challenge it to maximize the benefits before challenging it.

But it had to be said that there were many contestants with rougher ideas.

“The first to pass an assessment, and it’s a countered attribute battle. Does it count as having huge potential?”

On the earth arena, a lightning dragon circled in the sky. On its body rode a golden-haired hybrid Beast Tamer. Both parties descended together.

This pair of challengers was clearly led by the overlord-level lightning dragon, and the mixed-blood Beast Tamer on them was a vassal.

The lightning dragon, which was more than ten meters tall, spat out thunder. It stared at the earth elemental creature in front of it with the Beast Tamer servants beside it.

It was a huge bear made of brown rocks. It was also more than ten meters tall, and its entire body was wrapped in top-notch deterrence. Its gaze revealed a domineering expression as it looked at the dragon in front of it.

“It’s the Thunder Dragon General of the Dragon Empire…”

In the surroundings, the factions of totem countries of various sizes looked at the lightning arena when they saw someone from the Dragon Empire appear first.

“There’s a good show to watch.”

As a demigod-level faction, there were many overlords who wanted to participate, but there weren’t many humans.

The Thunder Dragon General was a top-notch overlord of the Dragon Empire. Its contractor was only a hybrid level-six Beast Tamer.

Unlike the Crown Prince, the Flame Dragon King, who had legend level retainers.

Many nearby factions were not unfamiliar with the strength of the Thunder Dragon General. Seeing that it was the first to go on stage to challenge, many factions cast expectant gazes.

The Thunder Dragon General was quite confident. Earth had a natural immunity to thunder, which was equivalent to having its own lightning resistance. Was it trying to use this method to make the World Tree look at it in a different light?

Although every arena was not close, the Beast Tamers who could come to Inatella used their methods frequently. Even if they were very far away and didn’t reach the scene, they could see the battle with their own eyes.

For example, on Dong Huang’s side, Legend Xiao Shuang, who had arrived at the scene, used the Eye of the Stars to synchronize the scene of the ten arenas with the methods of the Mechanic class to the nearby Dong Huang audience.

“There’s a challenge at the thunder-element arena. The challenger is from the Dragon Empire.”

In the Dong Huang area, many people looked at the huge screen in midair. As for the Sea Dragon King, the Ice Dragon King, and the other Dragon Palace experts, they directly flew into the sky and looked into the distance.

They were especially concerned about the situation of the Dragon Empire.

In the scene.

After the Thunder Dragon General went on stage, the Earth Desolate Bear immediately launched an attack. Its huge claws that could tear apart mountains wrapped in deterrence tore at the Thunder Dragon.

The lightning dragon roared. The hybrid Beast Tamer on its body directly fused into its body in reverse, causing the lightning dragon to erupt with stronger lightning power. Golden lightning instantly wreaked havoc everywhere, even triggering the descent of heavenly lightning.

However, the Earth Desolate Bear had no intention of dodging the lightning at all. Its rock body directly endured the lightning and continued to tear.

It collided with the dragon claws of the lightning dragon.

Crack.

In the arena, the Thunder Dragon’s dragon eyes were shocked. It sensed an incomparable power from it. The heavy power was like the weight of the ground and mountains pressing down on its body. In an instant, the Thunder Dragon felt its dragon claws break. Then, a huge gravity wave acted on its body. With a boom, the Thunder Dragon General was directly sent flying by the Earth Wild Bear. Its huge body shattered part of the arena and kept sliding on the arena.

“Idiot.” The heir of the Dragon Empire, the Flame Dragon King, was instantly unhappy when he saw the Thunder Dragon General in such a miserable state.

It clearly had the strength of a top-notch overlord, and there was also the Beast Tamer who could help it win against other guardian overlords through the support of the “Special Fusion Talent”. Why did it have to think of fighting against an attribute that countered it?