Chapter 890 - 890 Shi Yu'S Name (2)

890 Shi Yu’s Name (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

For example, Lu Qingyi had cracked a Mythical Ruins. Her Mythical Revival and Shi Yu’s Mythical Revival could be said to have come from that ruin.

The greatest archeological discovery Lu Qingyi obtained from cracking this ruin was to prove that “divine power” could be passed down.

It could be inherited from Mythical creatures to ordinary transcendent creatures.

Both parties didn’t necessarily have to be related by blood, nor would their races have to be similar.

As long as the divine beast in charge of inheritance was strong enough, it could transform divine power into power suitable for other transcendent creatures and pass it down.

This archeological discovery was also extraordinary.

It made the countries look forward to Mythical creatures even more, hoping to befriend them.

If they could obtain some inheritance, they would take off.

Therefore, although there was no hope for Mythical resources on Senior Lu’s side, she could still fight for legendary resources.

“I don’t have any legendary resources in special need here. Wind, water, dragon, phoenix, plant… They’re all alright. President Lin, you know the situation of my pets.” Lu Qingyi smiled.

Now, her Wind Demon Lion and Courtyard Sprite had reached the overlord level. The Mermaid Princess, the Imperial Concubine Flower, the Hurricane Demon, and the Green Spirit Phoenix were still at the monarch level. If she wanted legendary resources, firstly, she could continue to strengthen overlord-level pets. Perhaps she could strengthen them to the battle power of top-notch overlords. Secondly, she could nurture new overlords.

“Shi Yu, what about you?” President Lin looked at Shi Yu.

Shi Yu said, “The Mythical resource is the [Eternal Frozen Heart], [Soul Pearl], and [World Tree Fruit], right?”

“Two out of three?”

President Lin smiled bitterly. Then this guy should be choosing two out of three.

“Let me think. The [World Tree Fruit] is a must,” Shi Yu said.

The World Tree Fruit was a wood-element special resource. It could increase the pet’s comprehension and allow a pet to train a super skill to transcendent proficiency in an extremely short period of time.

This was actually very useful. Although Shi Yu could add points, there was a limit.

For example, he really couldn’t add quasi-divine skills at the moment and didn’t dare to.

Could he use the World Tree Fruit to increase the proficiency of the quasi-divine skill?

In addition, the essence of the World Tree Fruit was to increase comprehension. Training low, intermediate, and high-level skills was also effective.

The upper limit of those non-racial skills was transcendent. If he used the comprehension of the [World Tree Fruit] to train, could he quickly increase it?

Could it be more convenient to develop the mind domain if he ate it himself?

In short, as a Mythical resource, there must be something unique about it, or it could be an evolution resource for Baby Ginseng. They were both good choices.

“Yes.” President Lin nodded. He was not surprised by Shi Yu’s choice.

Right on the heels of that, Shi Yu said awkwardly, “The ‘Eternal Frozen Heart’ and the ‘Soul Pearl’ are a little scammy.”

The Heart of Eternal Frost could strengthen ice-element demigods.

However, the time might be in thousands of years.

What a scam.

A pet with good comprehension might be faster?

Using it with the World Tree Fruit… maybe it could go about quickly becoming a demigod.

But how fast could it be? A hundred years? Decades?

It was better to directly use the Blue Sea Ruins inheritance to turn Susu to a demigod. Ten years was enough!

Or increasing points would be even faster!

It was useless.

Shi Yu didn’t want it.

The Soul Pearl was even more useless. Mythical remnant souls slept inside.

It was unknown if it was friend or foe, but it couldn’t be awakened.

Although he could let Chi Tong cut off and absorb it through the Spirit Release, after absorbing it, if it broke through to the totem level, Shi Yu wouldn’t be able to hold on anymore. It didn’t mean much. It was better to go to the underwater prison of Dragon Palace City to kill creatures. The risk would be much smaller.

It was better to increase points steadily.

At this moment, Shi Yu judged that there was most likely a god who had survived the Mythical Era sleeping in this soul pearl.

He wouldn’t disturb the other party. After all, he still had the Earth Divine Dragon and the Time Sprite to deal with.

Therefore, for the second Mythical resource, Shi Yu looked at President Lin and said, “I want to use a World Tree Fruit, but the ‘Eternal Frozen Heart’ and the Soul Pearl are not very useful to me. Dong Huang can apply for whichever one it needs more. I don’t want it anymore.”

Shi Yu chuckled and said, “Of course, sir, if you feel bad, you can also exchange it for the Mythical resources I need or maybe legendary resources…”

President Lin : “…”

“What’s your suggestion?”

President Lin didn’t know when it started, but he also had to consult Shi Yu’s suggestion.

“I think that although I don’t know if the remnant soul inside the Soul Pearl is friend or foe, from the looks of it, it will most likely awaken after the Mythical Revival. We can try to take a gamble.”

“I understand.” President Lin nodded.

“As for legendary resources…”

Shi Yu said, “Wood, earth, light, wind, undead, fire, water, and ice. I won’t refuse those. As long as it’s relatively normal.”

When President Lin heard that it was to be prepared for Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong, Susu, and Ling, there was naturally no problem.

“Alright, you guys go and prepare too. Shi Yu, don’t let your guard down.”

Shi Yu said, “I understand.”

….

Apart from Dong Huang, the level-six contestants of the other countries were also extremely solemn.

For example, the Ancient Kingdom of Ming Hua’s Karen, who contracted the Iron Bull King and had once been blown up by Shi Yu in the Dong Huang Demon Capital. The Seven Islands Nation’s Hundred God, who had once guarded the path of the champion, the number one person below the new generation of legends who had been blown up by Shi Yu. Even the eldest daughter of the Moonlight Family, from the Shen Feng Nation, who had been captured by Shi Yu, and the number one mechanical genius below the legends who had been blown up by “Lu Bai” with a single shot. They all had to participate in the preliminaries.