Chapter 893 - 893 Shi Yu'S Name (5)

893 Shi Yu’s Name (5)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The World Tree : “…”

The lives of many factions looked at the Rongguang Hero King.

What was this guy saying?

However, the next words of the World Tree made the others even more silent.

“That’s right. The time of the Mythical Revival is about seven years later,” the World Tree said.

What the World Tree wanted to say could be said to have shocked the legends and archeologists of the seven countries who participated in the archeological Conference.

It really was seven years!!!

In that case, Shi Yu was really right?

At this moment, not only were the totem countries puzzled, but even the World Tree was very puzzled. How did the Rongguang Hero King know the exact time of the Mythical Revival?

The World Tree could conclude that even ordinary Mythical creatures couldn’t deduce the exact time of the Mythical Revival. If it wanted to know accurately, it had to be at least a high-level god proficient in spatial laws.

Such a god should still be sleeping now.

“Lord Hero King…” At this moment, the audience and contestants of Rongguang, including the Knight of Rongguang Lucille and Fu Dian, looked at the Hero King of Rongguang in admiration. Rongguang actually knew the exact time of the Mythical Revival long ago?

“After the Mythical Revival, the creatures that have slept since the Mythical Era will awaken. Among them, Inatella has a batch of gods sleeping.”

“There’s a segment related to them in this world competition.”

The World Tree clone said, “After the preliminaries, seven Mythical Ruins will open on Inatella Island.”

“These seven Mythical Ruins are all places where gods sleep.”

Gulp…

As the World Tree spoke, the people on Inatella Island were already completely stunned.

Especially the archeologists, who were completely stunned by the World Tree’s next words.

“And these seven gods have already been awakened by me in advance.”

Mythical creatures… woke up!

Awakened by the World Tree in advance!

Even Shi Yu was very surprised by this news.

He wondered what the rules of this world competition were.

“You can treat these seven ruins as an opportunity to improve yourself before fighting for the championship of the World Tournament.”

“Next, the seven gods will choose through their own methods in the ruins to choose Beast Tamers who meet their requirements and give them divine rites and even Mythical inheritances.”

As the World Tree finished speaking.

All the contestants who participated in this competition had slightly stunned expressions.

Originally, those level-six Beast Tamers who didn’t have confidence in the preliminaries were instantly envious.

Mythical inheritance?

At this moment, they had to pass the preliminaries no matter what.

“The seven ruins can be seen as seven tests, but there will be a certain restriction on the candidate.”

“If a god in the ruins is a master of the metal-element law, it will only allow metal-element transcendent creatures to participate in the trial.”

“Therefore, not every ruin trial can be entered casually. At the same time, even if the conditions for participation are met, the contestants can choose to participate or not. The ruins trial won’t affect the final outcome of the world competition. It’s just an interlude.”

“The seven ruins all have similar restrictions. Apart from that, the test methods of every master of the ruins are different. Some masters of the ruins want the candidates to fight the masters themselves who have yet to completely recover. Some masters of the ruins want the candidates to kill each other. They are all different test methods.”

“As long as you perform well in the trial, you can obtain the Divine Rite.”

“After seven trials, the World Tournament officially begins. The contestants who survive the first seven trials will decide the strongest among them.”

“This is all the arrangements for this world competition.”

At that moment, President Lin and the others never expected that there was no need for archeologists to explore the Mythical Ruins this time.

The World Tree actually woke up the sleeping divine beasts in the Mythical Ruins.

It woke them up to be examiners!!

Unbelievable.

And what kind of lousy example was the World Tree giving?

Wanting a trial challenger to fight a divine beast?

Even if its strength had yet to completely recover…

Were they sure they weren’t here to torture the challengers and let them experience the cruelty of the Domain of the Gods?

But no matter what.

The World Tree’s words ignited the hot blood of all the contestants.

Even Shi Yu couldn’t help but raise his eyebrows in anticipation.

A gift from a god… Mythical inheritance… There were Mythical resources in stock at the demigod level.

A gift from a real Mythical life form would at least be comparable to a legendary resource. A Mythical inheritance probably had to be comparable to a Mythical resource.

Otherwise, it would be too shabby.

Seven ruins trials. As long as one grasped it well, no matter which world competition contestant it was, they would probably be able to obtain huge benefits and increase.

In fact, the final outcome of the championship would change because of these seven trials.

However, according to the World Tree, the World Tournament had actually started from the seventh trial.

In some trials, the candidates had to go in and kill until it was the last person standing. This was already equivalent to eliminating the contestants who were competing for the championship.

If the competition for the trial was more cruel, most people probably wouldn’t be able to live until the official battle.

At this moment, the legendaries of the seven countries were also a little shocked.

They didn’t expect that in this world competition, it would actually be the turn of the real Mythical creatures to test the contestants.

The demigods and legends who were originally not interested in the world competition immediately didn’t want to leave.

No one had ever seen a real Mythical creature.

In this world competition, they had to see it no matter what. They had to see the difference between Mythical races and non-Mythical races.