Chapter 895 - 895 Shi Yu'S Name (7)

895 Shi Yu’s Name (7)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“He’s very powerful.”

Even the World Tree couldn’t help but say this. After all, it had seen countless experts who were just one step away from stepping into the Mythical Domain.

But they didn’t know the truth of the world at all.

But this archeologist named Shi Yu could actually see to this extent.

It was indeed very impressive.

“Where is he?” the World Tree clone asked, wanting to see who Shi Yu was.

The Rongguang Hero King was stunned. It looked at Dong Huang’s area from the sky and at the confused Shi Yu.

Shi Yu: “?”

In the seven countries, countless Beast Tamers were also stunned when they heard this name.

They kept feeling that this name was a little familiar.

Holy shit.

Dong Huang, the number one person below the legend who had developed the mechanical phantom beast system?

“Shi Yu?!” On the Seven Islands, the legendary master and disciple of the Phoenix Court were stunned. They looked in Dong Huang’s direction in disbelief.

“It’s him?”

Rongguang, Legend Fu’s family, were also stunned. That Shi Yu who had just finished eating with them a few days ago?

The contestants of Ming Hua’s World Tournament and the elven royal families in Tingxiang were suddenly stunned.

At this moment, even the gazes of the totem demigods followed the gaze of the Rongguang Hero King and looked at Shi Yu in Dong Huang’s direction.

Shi Yu, who was only 20 years old, appeared in the vision of these top experts on Blue Planet for the first time.

At that moment, Shi Yu was slightly silent. Not to mention these top-notch experts, around him, Ye Xing, Divine Bell, Zheng Hai, Zou Yun, Gao Xuan, Ji Feng, and the others clearly looked at him in disbelief.

“Shi Yu…?” Even Senior Panda, Ji Mengzhu, the beast-eared girl, and the others were completely stunned.

“Holy shit.”

In the Dong Huang audience, Master Qu Jie and his daughter, Yu Shu’s family, and even Yin Zhengfan, who were watching the show, were originally very serious when they heard that the Mythical Revival and the invasion of external enemies. However, it was still very strange for them to suddenly watch the show on someone they knew.

Shi Yu was named by the World Tree?!

Shi Yu had long archeologically figured out what the World Tree said just now?

When did this happen!

At that moment, the World Tree clone took a deep look at Shi Yu and was also stunned. This was because it actually sensed various powers from Shi Yu that were not inferior to those top-notch hybrids. At the same time, it didn’t expect that the archeologist mentioned by the Rongguang Hero King was actually such a young man.

Was he also a contestant in the world competition?

The World Tree stopped looking and said, “That’s all I want to say. Next, the seven-day World Tournament preliminaries are about to begin.”

“I’ll materialize ten natural arenas everywhere on the island, each representing ten attributes. They can condense guardians of different attributes on their own. The contestants participating in the preliminaries have to choose their own challenge targets. In seven days, only Beast Tamers who successfully defeat a guardian are qualified to participate in the trial and the final battle of the Mythical Ruins.”

“Among them, the preliminaries also have a reward mechanism. It’s determined by the challenger’s potential. Using one pet to defeat the guardian is better than using two. Using two pets to defeat the guardian is better than using all the members to defeat it. Using several monarch-level pets to defeat the guardian at a higher level is better than using overlord-level pets to defeat the guardian.”

“This is a reward mechanism for the contestants of the preliminaries that is different from the Mythical Trial. I hope that the contestants of the preliminaries can display their potential as much as possible. Only then will there be more opportunities to fight for the next opportunity.”

As soon as the World Tree finished speaking, the audience below the stage erupted again.

On Dong Huang’s side, Ji Feng, Zou Yun, Gao Xuan, and the others had also recovered from their shock. They were already numb to what had happened to Shi Yu. It didn’t matter. At the moment, what was more important was what the World Tree had said just now.

There was also a reward mechanism in the preliminaries!

The more outstanding the performance, the better the reward.

Shi Yu also recovered. He felt that his gaze had shifted away. He sighed slightly. At the same time, he was quite concerned about the World Tree’s words.

If there was such a reward mechanism, he would definitely use a monarch-level pet to crush a top-notch overlord above his level. This way, the reward would be the highest.

Eh? Something was wrong.

Shi Yu was slightly stunned.

One was definitely better than two.

Then what if… He didn’t use his pet and did it himself?

Shi Yu sensed his overlord-level physique, overlord-level spiritual power, and quasi totem-level soul power and fell into deep thought. This definitely didn’t follow the rules, right? After all, they were all Beast Tamers. Moreover, it was alright to fight ordinary overlords, but it was still too difficult to fight top-notch overlords without using the mind domain.