Chapter 892 - 892 Shi Yu'S Name (4)

892 Shi Yu’s Name (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

A terrifying cry spread throughout the entire arena.

Under this cry, the entire Inatella immediately fell silent and looked at the black dot in the sky.

Then, the black dot grew larger and larger, and a huge eagle-like creature appeared in the sky.

It spread its wings wide, and its green hundred-meter-long body was displayed. The black feathers at the end of its tail and wings, as well as the black feathers on its crown, made it look very domineering and mighty.

Its golden eyes were like the judgment of a god, sweeping with a powerful pressure that enveloped the entire Inatella.

The pressure on its body was the reason why everyone stopped talking.

Demigod level!

Even the totem level, including the gem cat and the frost dragon, felt the strong pressure from its body and revealed a serious expression.

This green eagle probably had the strength of a demigod.

“This is one of the clones of the World Tree, just like that green tree worm.”

“In the previous few world competitions, the World Tree used this clone to supervise and watch the entire competition,” President Lin said on Dong Huang’s side.

At this moment, as the World Tree clone descended, the surrounding void tore.

The legendary Beast Tamers of Dong Huang, Shen Feng, Xue Yuan, Rongguang, and the others appeared in different postures.

They also stood high in the sky, but they were shorter than the World Tree clone and looked up at it.

Apart from them, the surrounding void tore apart, and an even more terrifying life descended.

It was like a huge black dragon that was also more than a hundred meters tall. Its bright red eyes also emitted a terrifying aura. This was the demigod lord of the Dragon Empire.

The Dark Elven Empress, who was wearing a black dress and had a graceful and luxurious aura, also walked out of the void.

The demigod of the Demon Kingdom, the Lord of the Fallen Angels with a pair of huge black wings, held the Demon Scepter and looked at the World Tree clone.

The half-gods of the Arctic Icefield, Void Court, Endless Sea Region, Eternal Desert, Ghost Sea, Origin Land, and many other factions actually descended.

For a moment, the entire Inatella was even more silent.

The silence was terrifying.

More than ten demigods stood in the sky. The eyes of the weak, pitiful, and helpless contestants were filled with blood vessels. These… were all legendary lives. At this moment, they had actually all appeared.

The Arctic Icefield, which was on par with the Snowfield Nation, was there. Those that lived in the void, the Void Court, whose entire race was a spatial life form. There was the endless sea area, the Ghost Sea, the origin of the most common life species known…

It could be said that if these factions could join forces, there would be nothing the humans could do.

The reason why these demigods descended to Inatella was because they wanted to know what this world competition meant.

The will of Blue Planet had always favored humans, so even in the totem battle, most top-notch totem factions with demigod inheritances didn’t completely commit genocide on humans. Apart from the fact that humans were useful, it was also because of the World Tree.

And this time, the World Tree, which had been helping humans, actually invited them. This undoubtedly made these top factions on Blue Planet very confused.

“Welcome to Inatella.” A female voice that seemed to be able to encompass everything and nurture everything was transmitted by this World Tree clone.

This voice entered the hearts of every life form, instantly making everyone feel like they were bathing in a spring breeze. They felt like they had thrown themselves into their mother’s arms.

The World Tree was a clone of Blue Planet, and Blue Planet was the mother planet that nurtured all life. All the races on Blue Planet indeed had a natural affinity with Blue Planet.

It was precisely because of this identity and because they knew that the main body of the World Tree was the sleeping Mythical Mother Planet that even the high and mighty demigods in their domains were willing to lower their heads.

“Lord World Tree.”

Even the demigods were willing to call it “Lord World Tree”. Many ordinary foreign races below also looked up at this clone respectfully.

“Before the World Tournament starts, I have to tell you something.”

“Firstly, it’s about the time when the ‘Mythical Revival’ is about to revive and a new Mythical Era descends.”

The expressions of many lives changed.

Even at their level, the demigods of the totem country were shocked when they heard the World Tree’s words.

They were extremely incredulous and doubted their ears.

Wait a minute, did it really have to start the event with such an explosive thing.

What did the World Tree say?

The lives of the totem countries also widened their eyes. Including the seven countries, the audience and contestants also looked at the World Tree in extreme shock.

Mythical Revival? The time when a new Mythical Era descended?

All races pursued the secrets of the Mythical Era and had never stopped until now. Unfortunately, they couldn’t. And now… the World Tree actually said that the Mythical Era was about to revive?

Even the expressions of the legendaries and archeologists of the seven countries changed slightly. They looked at Dong Huang and Shi Yu.

“Lord World Tree… You mean… the restriction to break through to the Mythical stage is about to disappear?!!” The Genesis Tree God of the Origin Land said in disbelief.

The demigods present were all stuck at the legendary bottleneck. If the Mythical Revival happened, they would have hope of advancing to the Mythical stage!

After being stunned, the Rongguang Hero King asked, “Lord World Tree, is the descent of the Mythical Revival seven years later?”

The World Tree was just about to say that the revival of the Mythical stage was seven years later. The straightforward words of the Rongguang Hero King almost choked it.