Chapter 896 - 896 Not Human Again

896 Not Human Again

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Boom ~

As soon as the World Tree clone finished speaking, while it was still flapping its wings, loud bangs appeared all over the island.

Inatella Island. In different natural environments, huge arenas rose out of thin air.

In the mountains, rock arenas rose from the ground. In the lake on the island, ocean arenas floated up, and arenas appeared one after another.

The various factions on the island quickly looked at the arena closest to them.

“Ten natural arenas. It’s easier to challenge guardians of different attributes…”

At this moment, as these arenas appeared, the level-six Beast Tamers of the various factions heaved a sigh of relief.

If they could still choose the opponent’s attributes, the difficulty would decrease again.

After all, some Beast Tamers were proficient in fire. It would undoubtedly be much easier to choose a wood-element opponent.

“But according to the World Tree, the way to determine the potential of the participants depends on how the Beast Tamer wins. Victory against disadvantageous attributes will definitely show more potential than victory against attributes that the challenger countered, right?”

There were discussions on the island.

Closer to Dong Huang was a fire arena.

A huge red rock arena rose, making many Beast Tamers look over.

On the arena, a fire python purely made of dark red fire elements condensed. It was a hundred meters long and had a thick body. The flames formed snake scales, and a burning fire crown and snake eyes that looked like white flames appeared on its head.

“Roar ~”

A portion of the flaming python’s body stood up and opened its huge mouth. A shockingly high temperature bloomed from its body, making the entire red arena incomparably hot. Even the surrounding air was ignited by it, making the surrounding space extremely red, as if it had frozen.

Bang.

There were even explosive sparks sputtering on the body of the fire python, flying out into countless fire arcs. Every fire arc was wrapped in transcendent-level deterrence fluctuations. The strong deterrence directly changed the weather, making the clouds in the sky red like burning clouds.

The nearby Dong Huang audience looked at the fire python in the arena with serious expressions.

Those Beast Tamers below the master level who were close to the arena didn’t even dare to breathe loudly. They were all stunned by the deterrence of the python.

Transcendent-level deterrence… Most overlords couldn’t have it.

The legendary Beast Tamers nearby also looked at the fire python with serious expressions. Was this the guardian of the preliminaries?

“This guy…”

The overlord of Imperial Capital University, the Prediction Owl, flew in the air and looked at the fire python in fear.

It felt that the other party’s strength was even stronger than his.

Was Shi Yu and Gao Xuan really alright?

It prophesied for fun and predicted the outcome of Dong Huang twice. Gao Xuan would lose miserably.

As for Shi Yu, it was even more ridiculous. In the scene, all the pets seemed to have fallen. Even the Beast Tamer himself was forced to go and fight the guardian overlord. It was extremely difficult.

Swoosh!!!

The moment the flaming arena appeared, on the Dong Huang World Tournament team’s side, Shi Yu and the others teleported to the place closest to the flaming arena under President Lin’s methods.

Ye Xing, Divine Bell, Lu Qingyi, Shi Yu… One world competition contestant after another looked at the fire python with burning eyes.

“No…” Gao Xuan helplessly took off the detector and couldn’t detect the data of the guardian.

“At least, it’s stronger than my trump card,” Zhou Ming said. “I feel that I won’t be its match if I send out an overlord-level pet alone.”

“We have to have multiple pets attack together to have any hope of victory. All the best. This guy isn’t easy to deal with.”

“Just the same, its power fluctuations are even above my overlord-level pet,” Zheng Hai also said. “Even with the water-element strengthening talent, 1VS1 will be very difficult. However, considering the attribute restraint, perhaps I can give it a try.”

In the Dong Huang team, the legend Beast Tamers performed relatively easily, but this was a test for level-six Beast Tamers.

Gao Xuan, Zou Yun, Ji Feng, and the others didn’t feel that this fire elemental life form was easy to deal with at all.

The three of them had experience fighting overlords, and the power and might of this fire python was definitely one of the best overlords.

“This is already the best outcome,” Shi Yu, who was beside him, said.

Energy Points: 70 million

Ling’s detection method was not much affected. Shi Yu looked over. At least in terms of normal energy value, the other party was not high. It was inferior to the green-scaled dragon.

Since it was a created elemental life clone and not a complete life form, it definitely didn’t have the will of an overlord. It was very difficult to erupt.

The only advantage was that as an elemental life form, its ability to use the power of nature was definitely very strong.

Overall, it was just as Shi Yu had estimated. It was the lower limit of the battle power of a top-notch overlord. Its battle power was not as brutal as the Sky Penetrating Whale and the others.

Of course, even so, it was very difficult for level-six Beast Tamers.

“Although the number of challenges is not limited, the preliminaries are not short. We can wait and see first. We can see the guardian overlords of the other arenas and the battle process between them and other challengers before challenging,” President Lin said.

In the other arenas.

Elemental life forms of different attributes had different forms and were all in the form of pythons. There were wood-element treants, water-element divine dragons, wind-element giant eagles, and rock-element brown bears. These elemental life forms had different forms.

But at the same time, the moment they condensed, the transcendent deterrence wrapped around their bodies, including the natural power changes triggered, created a huge pressure on the nearby participating countries.