Chapter 898 - 898 Not Being Human Again (3)

898 Not Being Human Again (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Its lightning had little effect on the other party. Its strength had never compared to the Earth Desolate Bear that stood on the ground and borrowed the natural power of the ground to make its defense and strength incomparably heavy. Even the people of the Dragon Empire felt that the Thunder Dragon General was too impatient.

In the alternate space, seeing that its contestant was the first to challenge, the violent eyes of the Black Dragon Ruler of the Dragon Empire… couldn’t calm down.

“This… won’t do.”

The clone of the World Tree, the tree worm that was paying attention to the Thunder Arena, also shook its head.

As expected, compared to the way the totem countries used humans, the pattern between humans and pets was stronger in the seven countries.

Therefore, it didn’t like to bring the totem countries to the world competition.

Next.

The Thunder Dragon General, who was relatively famous in the Western overlord circle, was continuously suppressed by the Earth Desolate Bear. The battle only lasted for about five minutes before the Thunder Dragon General’s Beast Tamer couldn’t hold on anymore and exited the fusion state.

Similarly, the lightning dragon was also heavily injured and didn’t gain any advantage.

“Silly.” Seeing this, in the direction of Dong Huang Dragon Palace City, the Thunder Dragon Crown Prince revealed a disdainful expression. Seeing that the other party had the support of a Beast Tamer and was in such a miserable state, it was really ridiculous.

The Dragon Empire suffered a loss. The happy ones were naturally Dragon Palace City, Tingxiang Nation, and even the Dark Elves, the Thunder Dragon Crown Prince, the World Tournament contestants of Tingxiang, elves like Annie that Shi Yu knew, and the dark elven princes of the Dark Night Forest. They revealed mocking expressions.

However, through this battle, the contestants of the various countries became even more serious.

This battle showed many problems.

In an overlord-level battle, if they were evenly matched, it was not impossible to fight for days and nights.

However, the battle style of the Earth Desolate Bear condensed by the World Tree was very crude.

It mobilized the power of nature to strengthen his physique with all his might and mobilized his energy to the limit to release a big move.

It didn’t plan to fight for a long time at all. It didn’t mind the physical consumption at all. It didn’t carry out a detailed physical distribution, as if he planned to fix the outcome in a few minutes.

If the opponent could withstand it, even if the opponent won, the opponent would naturally lose if they couldn’t anymore.

As for the Thunder Dragon General, it clearly couldn’t hold on. Or rather, it could still fight, but the Beast Tamer it contracted couldn’t hold on anymore and directly fainted. For the safety of its contractor, the Thunder Dragon General could only admit defeat immediately.

After all, if the contractor died, it would be completely eliminated. Although it was a level-six contractor with compatible attributes and bloodlines, it was also very difficult. If it admitted defeat, it still had to find an opportunity to challenge again.

This battle made the level-six Beast Tamers of the various factions understand that these guardian overlords were really not weak. Even when facing top-notch overlords of the same level with the strengthening of Beast Tamers, they weren’t at a disadvantage at all. They mustn’t think of fighting against the opposite attributes.

At the same time, Beast Tamers were very likely to be the greatest burden to contestants who contracted overlords above their level. If they could not participate in the battle, they would not let them participate. At the same time, the contracted overlord had to protect these level-six Beast Tamers and not let anything happen to them.

After all, these Beast Tamers were the tickets for them to participate.

“F*ck, it’s even stronger than I imagined.” Zou Yun looked at the scene. The Earth Desolate Bear tore and flipped the Thunder Dragon’s hand in a few rounds and instantly fell silent.

It wasn’t easy for him to enter the top ten of the Sequence. He wouldn’t stop at the preliminaries, right?

Gao Xuan and Zou Yun had serious expressions. A top-notch overlord who relied on natural power to erupt from the start?

After watching this battle, even President Lin couldn’t help but say, “Don’t think about the rewards of the preliminaries. It’s good as long as you can pass. During the battle, remember to go all out and choose the attributes you’re most confident of resisting.”

“Yes.” Gao Xuan and the others nodded.

The main goal was definitely still the reward for the Mythical Trial.

However…

Jiang Tianyang, Zhou Ming, and the others saw that the preliminaries were already so difficult. It was very difficult to imagine how difficult the next Mythical Trial would be.

Could they really compete for the opportunity?

If they couldn’t compete and their strength couldn’t increase, there was even less of a need to think about the final world champion competition. Their results definitely wouldn’t be at the top.

“Shi Yu, do you want to prepare?” In the end, President Lin looked at Shi Yu.

In his opinion, there was no suspense in Shi Yu passing the preliminaries.

With that panda, it could probably instantly kill these guardians.

However, he believed that Shi Yu definitely didn’t want to expose his quasi-divine skill so early. He definitely wanted to leave such a trump card in the Mythical Trial.

He judged that Shi Yu would most likely rely on the monarch level to fight a top-notch overlord.

After all, Shi Yu had said that his monarchs also had the strength of top-notch overlords.

Regarding this, President Lin naturally believed it. After all, most of the legendary resources Dong Huang had distributed this year had been given to Shi Yu. How could those pets not be strong?

Shi Yu should use a monarch-level pet to fight a guardian overlord above his level!

President Lin was already looking forward to the expressions of the other factions after seeing Dong Huang’s level-six Beast Tamer so fierce.

“I’ll prepare,” Shi Yu said. “I’m not too confident yet.”

President Lin said, “Alright.”

Then, on Inatella Island, with the Thunder Dragon General taking the lead, the challenges began one after another.

At that moment, there were about 600 contestants in the World Tournament.

Among them, there were more than 400 level-six Beast Tamers and more than 100 legend Beast Tamers.