Chapter 899 - 899 Not Human Again (4)

899 Not Human Again (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Although there were very few legends under the age of 30 in the totem country who could participate, they basically worked hard to gather one person for the world competition.

There were also many legend geniuses gathered by more than a hundred totem country factions.

As for level-six Beast Tamers, most of them had contracted overlords above their level. For example, those with outstanding talent and contracted top-notch overlords above their level were the current first round challengers.

With the lesson of the Thunder Dragon General, these people didn’t dare to play any difficult operations. Without thinking that there would be much improvement in seven days, they all provoked the guardian overlord they countered to challenge, hoping to rely on speed to win the attention of the World Tree.

Soon, battles basically occurred in the ten arenas.

The fire-element arena near Dong Huang also welcomed a challenger. It was a pirate from the Endless Sea Domain.

The pirates in that area were much fiercer than the pirates in the Chaotic Sea near Dong Huang and the Seven Islands. They were all attached to the subordinates of deep sea totems, burning, killing, looting, and fighting for territory. They were like emperors on the sea, without any order.

After a battle until night, the various factions basically determined the situation of the ten guardian overlords of metal, wood, water, fire, earth, light, darkness, wind, lightning, and ice.

They mainly fought with the power of nature.

Then, challenging dark-element overlords in the day and light-element overlords at night could weaken the other party’s strength to a certain extent.

However, there were also relatively difficult targets, such as water-element overlords, earth-element overlords, and wind-element overlords. After all, in Inatella, the power of these elements was relatively rich and wouldn’t change with time.

As for light and dark elements, because their attributes were stronger, they were actually not much weaker.

For a moment, many level-six Beast Tamers were numb.

This was because even a level-six Beast Tamer from the totem country who had contracted a top-notch overlord wouldn’t have an easy time winning a battle with attributes.

After half a day, only six people cleared the level.

At this moment, after Shi Yu basically looked at the battle style of the ten overlords, he returned to his legendary ruins to prepare for battle.

In Inatella, almost every faction carried ruins with them as a resting and preparation venue for their factions. This could ensure the greatest privacy.

As for Shi Yu, because he had ruins, he didn’t have to go to the ruins Dong Huang had prepared in advance for the contestants and audience to join in the fun.

Shi Yu planned to prepare for battle seriously.

He wanted to see what reward the World Tree could give him if he didn’t use his pet to defeat the guardian!

Why was a Beast Tamer strong? This meant that the pet had many attributes, which indirectly meant that the pet was stronger!

This was clearly the method with the greatest potential to pass the preliminaries!

It was much better than using a monarch-level pet to defeat a top-notch overlord.

However, Shi Yu still felt a lot of pressure. Although it was the Earth Desolate Bear, and its battle power was inferior to the Bean Bear in Shi Yu’s opinion, that still depended on who it was compared to…

At least, although he was strong now, he still couldn’t defeat the Bean Bear.

Therefore, it was very necessary to prepare for battle.

Unfortunately, he couldn’t rely on equipment in the World Tournament. Otherwise, Shi Yu wouldn’t be so troubled. He could directly take off Qi’s equipment and fight now.

Such rules were also to restrict the demigods from personally creating equipment. Their strength was much stronger than Shi Yu’s team.

For example, if the Dragon God gave Shi Yu the Dragon God Protection, it would be easy for him to withstand a totem-level attack.

Therefore, the test of the World Tournament still belonged to the strength of the Beast Tamer and the pet themselves.

“Wuu.” “Wu!!” “Yiya.” “Mi ~”

At this moment, in the ruins, the pets of the first team were discussing who to fight.

“Yi. (Leave it to me. If I can’t kill the enemy in five moves, I lose.)” Baby Ginseng said.

“Mi!! (Me, me, me, me. If I can’t kill the enemy in three moves, I lose.)” Chi Tong fought.

“Ning!! (One move!!)”

Ling : “…”

The monarch-level ginseng baby, Chi Tong, and Susu argued endlessly, all wanting to go on stage.

After all, he had added points for so long just to kill indiscriminately in the World Tournament.

Eleven and Buggy tactfully didn’t say anything. They knew that Shi Yu definitely wouldn’t send them. He would definitely use a monarch to fight an overlord above his level.

Ling: “You guys are still too young. According to my analysis…”

“Master might go on stage himself.”

The pets: “?”

“As expected of a top-notch intelligence,” Shi Yu praised.

Ling had never disappointed him.

It was actually as smart as him and analyzed that this was the best battle strategy.

Eleven, Buggy: “?”

“It’s just the weakest top-notch overlord. There’s too little pressure for you to attack,” Shi Yu said. “Next, just cooperate with me to prepare for battle.”

….

Three days later.

The preliminaries of the World Tournament had already been carried out for three days.

In the past three days, be it Zou Yun, Ji Feng, or Gao Xuan, they had all issued challenges.

In the end, they all failed.

Or rather, none of the level-six Beast Tamers from the seven countries had succeeded.

So far, the dozen or so people who had cleared the level were all Beast Tamers from the totem countries.

They all had special talents and special physiques. They had contracted overlords above their level, so they could clear the level.

This situation caused the seven countries to be mocked by the totem countries for the past three days.

Although Inatella didn’t allow private battles, the verbal confrontation didn’t stop these days.

This situation made the seven countries feel immense pressure.

As a result, some countries, such as the Shen Feng Nation, had the thought of assisting level-six Beast Tamers to contract mechanical overlords above their level.