Chapter 894 - 894 Shi Yu'S Name (6)

894 Shi Yu’s Name (6)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

However, as the rules of the World Tournament reached this point, the Rongguang Hero King couldn’t sit still anymore.

Compared to the world competition, he was more concerned about another problem.

However, in the next moment, the World Tree really started to talk about this problem.

The World Tree said, “Perhaps you will wonder why this world competition is so different from the past. There are even seven divine inheritances as opportunities.”

Many totem countries were indeed puzzled. This was the first time they participated in the world competition, and the treatment was already so exaggerated, making them feel a little uneasy.

“That’s because gathering all the lives with potential on Blue Planet now is to nurture more divine-level experts.”

“After the Mythical Revival, Blue Planet is also about to face a disaster. The guys who caused the destruction of the Mythical Era might make a comeback. And you were born in this era, the best era and the worst era. In the face of invasion, apart from the gods who are about to revive, you’re the only ones who can resist external enemies together.”

“A disaster that led to the destruction of the Mythical Era?”

“Invader?!”

As the World Tree finished speaking, the leaders of the totem country were shocked again.

Wait a minute, the reason for the destruction of the Mythical Era?

“The destruction of the Mythical Era, the severance of the divine inheritance, and the lack of world rules were all because of a divine battle on Blue Planet at the end of the Mythical Era. In this battle, more than 90% of the Mythical creatures died.”

“If the Mythical Era descends again, the previous invaders might also target Blue Planet again.”

“With the overall strength of Blue Planet now, it’s far from the Mythical Era. If another war happens, the only path waiting for Blue Planet is complete destruction.”

“The lives on Blue Planet will be completely destroyed.”

“Even if it’s demigod-level strength, it’s only equivalent to an admission ticket in the divine battle.”

The World Tree said calmly. It looked at the shocked people.

Looking at the shocked demigods, it wasn’t lying.

The reason why Blue Planet could repel the invaders the last time was that the factions that invaded Blue Planet had different destinations and conflicts between themselves.

Only then did they defeat all the invaders under the bravery of the divine beasts, causing the other party’s vitality to be greatly injured.

At the same time, Blue Planet, which was riddled with holes and had its laws collapsed, and Blue Planet, where Mythical creatures were almost extinct, was no longer the primary hunting target of cosmic beasts and cosmic worms.

But if Blue Planet recovered, no one could say for sure if these invaders wouldn’t look at them again.

With Blue Planet’s current level, who knew how long it would take the World Tree to recover to the level of the Mythical Era.

At the moment, it had placed all its hopes on the human race. It hoped to rely on humans to give birth to enough Mythical Beast Tamers to restore the prosperity of Blue Planet as soon as possible.

“Huh?” At the mention of humans, the World Tree clone suddenly looked at the legendaries of the seven countries.

This batch of human Beast Tamers who stood at the top of the human race.

They…

At this moment, these legends were all thinking and silent, as if they weren’t surprised by what they had just said?

“Dr. Shi Yu is strong.”

“He’s actually right.”

“As expected of the archeological god.”

“He actually expected everything Lord World Tree said a few days ago.”

The World Tree clone listened to the whispers of some archeologists in the territory of the seven countries and fell silent.

World Tree: “?”

At this moment, the Rongguang Hero King said again, “Lord World Tree, the external enemy you’re talking about… Do you mean the ‘Space Worm’, ‘Space Beast’, and even the ‘Abyss Evil God’?”

At this moment, the World Tree clone was stunned.

It had yet to say it, so how did they know?

There should no longer be any information about the Space Worm and the Space Beast on Blue Planet.

“‘Space Worm’, ‘Space Beast’, ‘Abyss Evil God’??” The totem clans looked at the humans with cold gazes. What exactly did the humans know? Why didn’t they know at all?

After a moment of silence, the World Tree said,

“I was originally worried that you wouldn’t be able to accept it for the time being if I said this, but from the looks of it, I was overthinking,” the World Tree clone said. “What you know is far more than I imagined. Looks like you’re already mentally prepared for this.”

“They were indeed the factions that invaded Blue Planet at that time.”

“It was also at that time that it was called the ‘Three Great Invasion Disasters’.”

Totem Nation: ???

No, they didn’t know!!!

At this moment, these totem demigods only wanted to know what the so-called “Space Worm” and “Space Beast” were!

“I want to know more how you know these things. You even know the exact time of the Mythical Revival.” The World Tree’s stomach hurt at this moment. It kept feeling that today was different from its plan.

“Lord World Tree, it’s the archeologist of our seven countries, Shi Yu. He has studied the history of the Mythical Era. During the Mythical Revival, the information on the three invasion disasters was all discovered by him.” The Rongguang Hero King was completely convinced. Everything Shi Yu said was actually verified by the World Tree.

In other words, everything was true…

“Archeologist, Shi Yu.” The World Tree clone repeated this name. This was the first time he had called someone by their name after appearing. As he called them, the demigods of the totem clans also chanted this name.