Chapter 891 - 891 Shi Yu'S Name (3)

891 Shi Yu’s Name (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

They were even more nervous than Dong Huang’s level-six Beast Tamers.

After Shi Yu returned to prepare, he started meditating.

After a while, he received President Lin’s notice.

The participants of Dong Huang were going to land on the island together.

Shi Yu opened his eyes and looked at Inatella. He took a deep breath and understood that the outcome of this battle would deeply affect his future.

Inatella.

The area here was very large.

However, at the moment, it was still empty. It was just a natural scene. There was nothing yet.

After the island opened, the seven countries and even hundreds of totem factions would enter the island.

Compared to the seven countries, apart from the big boss leading the team and the contestants, there were not many spectators in the totem country. At most, they brought a few and a dozen or so unrelated people.

There were fewer than a hundred people.

Not to mention Dong Huang, who had brought ten thousand spectators.

As expected, it was still human nature to watch the commotion.

In short, there were less than 100,000 lives. Although some races were very large physically, Inatella could easily accommodate them.

Not to mention an island, it could even accommodate some large-scale arenas in Dong Huang.

After landing on the island, because they were reminded in advance by the “World Tree” to not fight outside the world competition in Inatella, no matter where these lives came from, they stayed obediently at the moment.

In addition, apart from a small number of demigod factions, the other ordinary factions really didn’t dare to cause trouble. Who knew if they would accidentally provoke an expert and be beaten to death?

At the moment, in Inatella, it could be said that totems were everywhere, and overlords were inferior to dogs.

Demigod-level factions basically had at least one totem-level life form leading the team. There were more in countries like the seven countries.

“Gao Xuan, how’s your detector?”

After Shi Yu and the others landed on the island, they directly met up with the audience on Dong Huang’s side. They were also surrounded by members of the seven countries and separated from the totem country.

When they arrived at the island, Zou Yun asked Gao Xuan beside him and said with a depressed expression, “Mine is indeed useless.”

“No, the precision of the machinery is all interfered with.” Beside him, Gao Xuan, who was wearing a silver mechanical suit, shook his head.

He used a detector to test the energy value of the accompanying overlord, but it only detected “213”?

He looked at the guardian overlord of Imperial Capital University. The narrowed Prediction Owl, who had also come to watch the commotion, felt that the machine had completely failed.

No matter how lousy Senior Owl was, it was impossible for it to only have 200 energy points. Moreover, it wasn’t the only one. The other accompanying pets were the same. The data was erratic.

“Even your machine can’t…”

Gao Xuan said with a serious expression, “It’s more serious than I imagined.”

Because dozens to hundreds of legendary and Mythical ruins spaces overlapped inside Inatella, the island’s spatial magnetic field was turbulent. Mechanical lives and technology would be affected to a certain extent on this island.

This was what President Lin had reminded them before coming to participate in the world competition.

This was very disadvantageous for Mechanics!

However, for mechanical lives, it was usually fine as long as they adapted for a few days. It wouldn’t affect the battle too much. It was considered “unaccustomed”.

If it affected too much, the Mechanics of the Shen Feng Nation wouldn’t have obtained such good results in the previous batch. There were even people who won.

“Really?” Shi Yu thought to himself. He could still use his.

It was still their detectors or mechanical lives that couldn’t do it…

Shi Yu’s detector was actually Ling. Through his mental connection with Ling, it used its detection function to see the situation outside.

At the moment, Ling was completely unaffected by Inatella’s spatial magnetic field. It was unknown if it was because of its race or because of a quasi-divine skill.

“Just the spatial magnetic field is chaotic, but I haven’t seen any ruins.”

Lu Qingyi massaged her temples helplessly. It looked like… they were all ruins that had completely fused into alternate spaces?

On Inatella Island, it was chaotic, and voices lingered.

Just Dong Huang was chaotic enough.

There were too many people.

Shi Yu was currently following the participating team. They followed beside President Lin. Next, all their matters in the world competition would be directly connected to President Lin. It could be said that Dong Huang attached considerable importance to this world competition.

Although Shi Yu wanted to sneak into the audience more and bring Senior Lu to chat with the beast-eared girl and the others, it was clearly not appropriate!

“This island… is already filled with monsters.”

This time, Dong Huang’s “trump card”, Ye Xing, had an extremely serious expression. Even from an infinite distance, he sensed several terrifying auras.

He was alright, but some people had already started to worry.

Every contestant had a parent. At this level, if it weren’t for the fact that their strength was overwhelming, it would be very difficult to control their strength well. If a few important geniuses died, would these factions really not have a huge battle…

They were afraid.

“There are more than ten demigods, right? Moreover, it’s much more than ten. The number might have exceeded 15,” Shi Yu pursed his lips and said.

He looked into the void.

These demigods and most totems were in a space just like back in the archeological Conference, in an independent alternate space they had established.

They paid attention to the entire Inatella.

He wanted to know more now. As the strongest demigod acknowledged by the Dragon God, could the World Tree suppress this group of demigods…

“Jiu ~ ~ ~!!!!”

Just as various factions logged onto Inatella Island and the island was incomparably chaotic…