Chapter 900 - 900 Not Being Human Again (5)

900 Not Being Human Again (5)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

After all, if one missed the opportunity of the Mythical Trial, he might regret it for the rest of his life.

“Damn it.”

After failing another challenge, Gao Xuan was already faceless facing the seniors of the fourth bureau behind him.

Every time he lost, his Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast would be blown up.

In order to repair the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast as soon as possible, the fourth bureau consumed a lot of precious mechanical resources. A pile of legend Mechanics assisted him in recovering, but in the end…

“Little Gao, why don’t we forget it?” Elder Liu shook his head in the fourth bureau. As expected, the difficulty was still too high.

“It’s too much?”

Zou Yun was also depressed. Both challenges ended in failure.

Among the three of them, Ji Feng was the closest to victory, but in a head-on battle, he was completely no match for a top-notch overlord.

On the Dong Huang audience’s side, they were also a little uncomfortable because of the three of them’s repeated losses.

“Is Shi Yu… still preparing for battle?”

It had been three days. Now, the audience of Dong Huang was looking forward to the challenge of the number one person below the legend of Dong Huang, Shi Yu.

However, Shi Yu had already prepared for three days and had yet to make his first attempt. It couldn’t help but make him a little anxious.

“He can definitely do it. It depends on how far he wants to go…”

On Shi Yu’s familiar side, Senior Ji Mengzhu and the others were still very confident in Shi Yu.

Dragon Palace City was even less worried about Shi Yu. They watched the show the whole time, waiting to see how Shi Yu wanted to challenge someone above his level.

Not only Dong Huang, but many people from the other six human countries, including most totem countries, were also waiting for Shi Yu.

If it was said that before Inatella opened, although Shi Yu was famous, he had largely spread in the seven countries.

However, as Shi Yu unearthed the secrets of the Mythical Era, his name directly spread among the totem countries.

The various factions naturally had to investigate such an archeologist.

This investigation was impressive.

Many factions were shocked that such a super genius had appeared in Dong Huang.

Although there was not much information about Shi Yu’s battle power, just a mechanical phantom beast system was enough for these totem countries to remember Shi Yu firmly.

Moreover, Shi Yu had the title of the number one person below the legends of Dong Huang. His battle power was definitely not weak.

At this moment, they were also paying attention to the seven countries. Shi Yu was one of the few level-six Beast Tamers who had yet to challenge.

…

After preparing for battle for a long time, Shi Yu, who was wearing an ordinary panda short-sleeved shirt and black pants, finally came out of the ruins again. After coming out, he took a long breath and looked in the direction of the rock-element arena.

Without a word, he planned to challenge the rock-element arena.

It was because he had gotten used to fighting Bean Bears these two days and was more experienced in fighting bears.

“You’re finally out.”

After Shi Yu came out, he immediately attracted President Lin’s attention.

“Are you ready?” President Lin asked.

“Yes.” Shi Yu nodded.

“Which one?”

“Earth-element arena,” Shi Yu said.

“Alright.” President Lin nodded.

“Then let…”

“I’ll send him over!” Before President Lin could finish speaking, spatial ripples appeared. The gem cat appeared at some point in time and immediately looked at Shi Yu.

Damn, it had been waiting for Shi Yu to challenge for several days. This guy was so slow.

It wanted to go to the scene to watch the battle!

“Then I’ll leave it to you, Teacher Ying,” Shi Yu said with a smile.

“Let’s go,” the gem cat said.

In the next moment, spatial psychic power enveloped it and Shi Yu.

At the same time, outside the rock-element arena in Inatella.

Shi Yu’s figure appeared.

After three days, the frequency of the challenge had already slowed down a lot.

When Shi Yu arrived, only the Earth Desolate Bear was still standing on the arena. It was like an immortal body. Every time it was defeated, it could quickly recover with the power of the arena.

Shi Yu’s appearance did not cause much of a reaction at the start.

However, when he walked onto the arena…

Be it the Beast Tamers of the seven countries or the Beast Tamers of the totem country, they instantly paid attention when they saw someone walking onto the arena.

They were immediately stunned by Shi Yu’s appearance.

“It’s Dong Huang’s Shi Yu!”

“He’s finally here to challenge.”

Shi Yu, who was walking towards the rock arena, listened to the voices around him with a calm expression.

Not only humans, but also ferocious beasts, regardless of their level, looked over.

Even in the void, a demigod opened his eyes and stared at the rock-element arena.

Shi Yu was the only level-six Beast Tamer that these demigods were more concerned about.

After all, it was because of this young man that the seven countries were much ahead of them in terms of information in the Mythical Era.

“It’s that human.”

In the distance of the rock arena, on a huge tree, the World Tree clone that looked like a tree worm looked over again.

Dong Huang was even more lively.

After learning that Shi Yu wanted to challenge, Xiao Qin prepared to quickly let the Eye of the Stars focus the scene on the rock arena.

In various places in the Dong Huang area, Gao Xuan, Ji Feng, Zou Yun, Lin Xiuzhu, Lu Qingyi, White Brook, and the others instantly looked over.

After being slightly stunned, he chose to summon his pet and head to the scene.

…

“The number one person below the legend of Dong Huang?”

At that moment, more than ten totem country contestants who had passed the preliminaries rushed to the scene curiously.

They were very interested in this title.

After all, at the moment, no level-six Beast Tamer in the seven countries could pass the preliminaries.

At this moment, the strength of the strongest level-six Beast Tamer in the superpower, Dong Huang, was very worth their attention.