Chapter 116 - King Of The Green Silkworms

Chapter 116: King of the Green Silkworms

“What’s going on???”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Initially, Shi Yu was smiling as he watched the Green Silkworm run to the Dragon Soul Grass, but suddenly, he was shocked.

He looked at the bug that emitted spiritual deterrence and was stunned on the spot.

Deterrence?

What the f*ck, Buggy awakened its deterrence skill on its own??

It must be kidding!

Shi Yu did not react for a moment and felt that it was a little unscientific.

A long time ago, after he saw that he could teach the Green Silkworm deterrence through the skill index, he sighed with emotion. “Who cultivated a Green Silkworm that could have deterrence?”

At that time, no matter how much Shi Yu thought about it, he definitely didn’t expect that a Green silkworm would actually awaken its deterrence on its own…

It was ridiculous!!!

Deterrence, a spiritual skill, was a symbol of “aptitude of a king”…

After a moment of silence, Shi Yu gradually calmed down.

Calm down, calm down. It was all because he cultivated it well.

Although it didn’t seem scientific this time, it wasn’t that unscientific either.

His worm had already strengthened its mental strength through the proficient level Absolute Sleep and Illusory Phantom, two high-level mental-type skills. It was also often used by Eleven as a deterrence training target. Its mental strength was definitely not weak.

Moreover, its own racial skill had even been maxed out. It had grown to become Transcendent with the body of a Green Silkworm. To say that it was the king of the Green Silkworm Race was already looking down on it.

It should be the god of the silkworm worm race!

Thinking about it this way, even a Snow Wolf King and a Ground Rock Lizard could awaken their deterrence before the monarch level. After his bug defeated a dragon type, it wasn’t that difficult to accept that it could awaken its king aptitude.

Shi Yu quickly analyzed the cause and effect, but while he could figure it out, Yu Shu and his two pets were completely breaking down.

He, the dragon soul, and the bone dragon looked at the Green Silkworm King around the Dragon Soul Grass in a daze. They felt its increasingly strong spirit and could not understand at all.

“Holy shit,” Yu Shu cursed.

Therefore, what exactly was Shi Yu’s pet? What was it!!

Also, why did it awaken deterrence before it even ate the Dragon Soul Grass!

Yu Shu would not be jealous of any pet that had a chance to awaken after eating the Dragon Soul Grass. However, when he saw the Earth Dragon Lizard and then this pet that seemed to be a Green Silkworm that could transform, and saw that they had mastered deterrence, he immediately felt that the Dragon Soul Grass was becoming more and more precious like a hundred lemons.

“Let’s go, what are you looking at?”

It was just a deterrence skill. A skill that any pet could awaken sooner or later was just so-so.

Looking at the stunned bone dragon and dragon soul, Yu Shu’s face darkened again. He quickened his pace and left. The bone dragon and dragon soul looked at each other and quickly followed the Beast Tamer.

The Green Silkworm was so scary. Didn’t Beast Tamers say that the dragon family was the strongest?

…

Shi Yu and Eleven came to Buggy’s side and looked at the pleasantly surprised Buggy with strange expressions.

“Good heavens.” Now, Shi Yu could only sigh.

Apart from racial skills, Eleven had learned Thunder Palm on his own, and Buggy had learned deterrence on its own. Shi Yu was really curious about what their next skill would be without the skill index.

Shi Yu estimated that it might have to happen after they evolved.

After they evolved, they would definitely awaken new racial skills.

Shi Yu guessed that the skills Eleven could awaken were definitely the high-level Inner Power and Impregnable.

As for Buggy, Shi Yu couldn’t analyze what new racial skills it could awaken after evolution.

Didn’t this mean that there would be one each for the transcendent-level skills of the spiritual and spatial attributes?

However, if two or more transcendent skills were awakened, the insect evolved form’s race level should be judged as overlord. This was a little against common sense.

Because the current research on evolution in the Beast Tamer domain was already very clear. There were three laws for biological evolution.

First, the racial level might remain unchanged after biological evolution, and the evolutionary increase in the racial level wouldn’t be able to cross three major levels.

<ol start=”2″>

Each creature has multiple evolution possibilities.

Third, evolution not only changes the form of creatures, but also their species, attributes, and gender.

These were all very easy to understand. For example, if the evolution of Buggy followed the current research pattern, the highest level of its evolution might be a high-level monarch race that was comparable to an overlord race.

If one wanted to become an overlord race, they had to rely on the second law to carry out the second stage.

Eleven might be the same. This had already been confirmed in the previous evolution experiment. Lin Hongnian’s Iron-eating Beast’s perfection-level racial skill+hundreds of millions of evolution materials had only raised the Iron-eating Beast’s race level to middle class monarch.

As for that Ice Phoenix Moth that had reached the perfection stage of the worm silk and used phoenix related materials to evolve, it was only a low-level monarch race. It all matched this pattern.

Shi Yu was curious about this now. Could his Buggy with a max-level Worm Silk break this rule? However, he felt that it still depended on the evolution materials…

As for the third law, it was easier to understand. Changing forms was inevitable, and evolution to change species often occurred. For example, during the process of Dragon Carp to Dragon, from living body to undead, the species were considered directly changed. On the other hand, there were very few cases of gender change, and it only appeared on a small number of creatures.

“Wuu!” “Ji!”

Then, Eleven and Buggy started to exchange deterrence insights.

Great.

Apart from Absolute Sleep, they had a second similar skill.

Speaking of which, was there any way for the two of them to combine this skill and make their aura merge together to become stronger and intimidate others?

The two pets started to conceptualize the second combination skill after the Soaring Sky Strategy, to bully others.

“What the heck are these two even talking about…” Shi Yu looked at the Dragon Soul Grass with a dark expression. That Yu Shu seemed to have said not to eat the Dragon Soul Grass directly?

It meant that he needed to eat it with other spiritual plant resources.

Many spiritual plants were like this, especially some strong or poisonous plants. They needed to be matched with other spiritual plants to neutralize the effects.

Shi Yu decided to investigate it when he returned. Then, he began to transplant the Dragon Soul Grass into the ruins bead.

At the same time.

On the assessment committee’s side, due to the help of the Eye of Heaven, everyone exploded again…

…

After a day of screening, these nine examiners had already preliminary confirmed the candidates for the 16 key seeded candidates.

In the next ranking battle, these 16 people wouldn’t collide too early. The collision between them would be the key to the entire ranking battle.

Apart from that, these 16 people would also be the cards of this batch of vocation assessments in the Ancient Capital. They were to edit some of their dazzling performance in the field survival assessment this time and then announce it to the public before and after the ranking assessment.

This way, the Beast Tamers of other cities could see the spiritual appearance of the candidates of the Ancient Capital!

The difficult task of editing was naturally handed to the Eye of Heaven.

This Eye of Heaven had been in charge of the vocation assessment in the ancient capital for several years. It was very familiar with the business and did not make any mistakes.

The examiners trusted it.

However…

When they saw the initial version of the video announced by the Eye of Heaven, they were instantly stunned.

When they saw the initial version of the video announced by the Eye of Heaven, they were instantly stunned.

The twelve-year-old handsome young man, Yin Zhengfan, controlled the Space Crystal Butterfly to gracefully defeat one enemy after another. There was no problem with this scene. The space element was incomparably mysterious, absolutely eye-catching.

He who controlled countless dead ferocious beast corpses with his Gu worms, the strange insect master Miao Dongdong. He had roamed the island of trials with a small beast tide. His performance was also very imposing, and this special beast taming occupation would also be a highlight.

Yu Shu, who rode the Soul-Armored Bone Dragon and traversed the sky of the Island of Trials, could not be found to be in the least bit odd. Every battle revealed the posturing aura of a Dragon Tamer.

These were all talents.

But the problem was, why was it that when it came to Shi Yu, it was all images of him riding the iron-eating beast and fighting using himself??

Profundity, great shock!

Profundity: Thunder Flash!

Profundity: Infinite Convergence!

In the scene, Shi Yu swung his sword, and dozens of wooden swords flew out like a storm, filling the sky. The sword force was like a net, peerlessly fierce, and spectacular. It directly surrounded the dozen or so Killer Bees that had gathered together. In the corner, Buggy used transparent worm silk to control the wooden swords that filled the sky. It was very awesome.

Worm Silk secret skill, Sword Control!

The examiners were stunned. This was a f*cking professional Beast Tamer assessment?

Are they sure it wasn’t the admission test of the Ancient Capital Film Academy?

The examiners opened their mouths wide in shock.

They were confused for a long time before reacting.

This video was too deceptive.

Moreover, the editing of the Eye of Heaven was also very tricky and advanced. It diluted the pet and strengthened Shi Yu’s performance. It was very compatible with Shi Yu’s posturing.

It was only because they were experienced that they could tell how these sword techniques were used.

The group of examiners could tell that this wasn’t because Shi Yu himself was ridiculously strong. Shi Yu didn’t have any powerful talent similar to the Fusion Talent to allow him to fight. It was purely because the Iron-eating Beast had actually mastered transcendent Level Hardening, Perfect Level Thunder Palm, and even an impressive deterrence skill. The Green Silkworm was also very ridiculous. It had mastered Transcendent Level Transparency Worm Silk. It was only with the cooperation of the two pets that Shi Yu completed this series of dazzling operations.

Are all the candidates in Ping Cheng District of your Icefield City so good at performing?

Speaking of which, the skill proficiency of Hardening, Thunder Palm, and Worm Silk was too ridiculous.

Although it was only levelless, low, and mid-level skills, the group of examiners was still a little shocked.

They dared to conclude that Shi Yu was definitely one of the most monstrous candidates in this batch of vocation assessments! Unfortunately, the Green Silkworm had yet to evolve. Otherwise, it would be another powerful competitor for first place!

“Do we really have to publicize these images as clips of the promotional vocation assessment in Ancient Capital?” A master said in silence.

Didn’t this Shi Yu have any normal training battle scenes? Oh, wait, there seemed to be one, and only one. It was the Dark-striped Poison Python that Shi Yu had first encountered… It was mainly because at that time, Shi Yu had yet to show off his world…

“It’s not a big problem, not a big problem. This is the initial version. Let’s see if there are better materials later…” Master Qu Jie said.

“Wait, there seems to be a battle between prospective seeded candidates.”

Because the Eye of Heaven’s Will focused on some key candidates, when important candidates met and competed, this group of examiners was the first to know.

The Eye of Heaven raised a short battle video.

“Who is it?”

In the video, Shi Yu and Yu Shu entered a valley together.

Shi Yu and Yu Shu?

The group of master-level examiners was slightly stunned and rather surprised.

He didn’t expect that the two people ranked in the top five of this assessment would bump into each other.

They didn’t know what the outcome would be.

However, when they saw this valley, the master examiners immediately understood. So it was to compete for the Dragon Soul Grass.

The Dragon Soul Grass was one of the most valuable resources on the Island of Trials this time. It looked like their luck was pretty good.

“Who will win?”

“But no matter the outcome, I hope the two didn’t have a conflict.”

The examiners really couldn’t say for the time being.

Because he still didn’t know how Yu Shu and Shi Yu planned to compete for the Dragon Soul Grass.

Soon, they received an answer. They saw that Yu Shu directly sent out the Soul-Armored Bone Dragon.

2VS2?

Just as they made this judgment, the expressions of all the master examiners froze.

“Roar…” In the video, a dragon roar sounded.

Their stunned expressions were almost at the same time as Yu Shu in the image.

On Shi Yu’s side, the Iron-eating Beast was indifferent. The Green Silkworm directly leaped down, and instantly, its entire body was covered in snow and wind, transforming into a powerful frost dragon!!

In the video, the Soul attached Bone Dragon and the Ice Dragon started a fierce collision. In a short round, the Ice Dragon relied on its strong physique to send the Bone Dragon flying with a claw!!

Crack!!

During the process of flying backward, the bone dragon repaired its damaged body in pain.

The power of the slap was so great that it directly shattered the skeleton’s strengthened body!!

A moment later, Yu Shu and the Soul attached Bone Dragon left with ugly expressions. They directly gave up the competition!

The frost dragon turned back into the green worm.

At this moment, the conference room was extremely silent.

The masters and examiners watched the video replay in confusion!

“Impossible.”

“This… What’s going on?!?!”

“You must be kidding.”

“Where did that frost dragon come from?!”

Perhaps because he was worried that the masters and examiners didn’t understand what had happened and didn’t understand some unorthodox skills, at this moment, the Eye of Heaven loaded the skill information of “Illusionary Phantom” and attached it to the end of the video.

Advanced Spirit and spatial dual-element skills, Phantom Illusion.

A powerful skill comparable to a super skill.

It was controlled by a green worm?

The master examiners were slightly stunned.

Now, they knew what was going on with the frost dragon, but not completely.

Another incomprehensible genius.

“I remember that there’s an Ice Dragon Ruins in Icefield City, right?”

“This Shi Yu has cracked the ruins space that appeared in Icefield City and his pet can transform into an ice dragon. Could it be an opportunity obtained from the ruins space? Are the two ruins related?” A master guessed.

“I can’t tell… But it’s very likely.”

“In short, don’t think about it if you can’t understand it. Whether it’s the Green Silkworm or other pets, we just have to organize the assessment well.” Master Qu Jie lit a cigarette.

“He came from a third-level city. He cracked the ruins space and studied the evolution method of the Iron-Eating Beasts through the ruins. He has two pets with ridiculous strength. In addition, he was reserved by the archeology Department of Ancient Capital University in advance… He will only enter the vision of certain organizations earlier than we do.”

“We were wrong. That’s not an ordinary green worm at all. The type is still pending.”

The master examiners nodded. Shi Yu’s identity information was very ordinary, but his experience was very ridiculous. There was only one possibility for this outcome: Shi Yu had been selected by a powerful Beast Tamer to be trained, or he had joined a special organization.

When the masters contacted Shi Yu’s identity as an archeologist, they immediately thought of that place, but it was difficult to confirm.

Although a master-level Beast Tamer could become the president of an association in any third-level city, they could only be considered a middle-level force in the Beast Tamer domain. An organization like Bureau 11 was a high-level force that was equivalent to a legendary-level Beast Tamer. Not every master knew these mysterious institutions very well.

“Damn, did we miss something? He can use a pet to fight against two alone and easily defeat Yu Shu?”

What if the Iron-eating Beast was added?

The expressions of the examiners changed, and they suddenly felt that the final ranking of the vocation assessment this time was blurred again. Perhaps the quality of the vocation assessment in Ancient Capital City this time wouldn’t be lower than those super cities.

…

On the island of Trials.

Shi Yu, who had obtained the Dragon Soul Grass, was very satisfied.

“Before we set off, someone seemed to have said that there are not only dragon-type resources on the island, but also spatial-type resources. Where are they…”

At this moment, Shi Yu, who was addicted to collecting rare resources, started to think about spatial resources.

“Eleven, it’s up to you to find spatial resources.”

Shi Yu placed his hopes on Eleven, who had perfect super vision.

“If you can find it, I’ll spend a lot of money to buy you a set of your favorite training equipment.”

This might be a threat to other pets, but for Eleven, it was a temptation.

However, at this moment, Eleven rubbed its head crazily and showed a difficult expression.

The detestable Beast Tamer was troubling it again.

Although its super vision could detect energy fluctuations in a few hundred meters, this island was too big. It was impossible for them to search all of it in three days without eating, drinking, or sleeping. Wasn’t this searching for a needle in a haystack?

“But we still have to work hard to find it. It’s all worth it.”

“Ji ji, Ji.” Buggy nodded heavily.

At the same time, Buggy looked at the Beast Tamer.

When would he arrange for it to have super vision?

This skill was good.

After reaching the perfect level, not only could one see the enemy’s approximate strength, but they could also use it to search for treasures.

Most importantly, after its eyesight was enhanced, the Beast Tamer no longer had to worry about it playing short-sighted on the cell phone.

“We’ll talk about it when we have time.” Shi Yu touched his liver.

At this moment, after hearing Buggy’s words, Shi Yu suddenly felt a headache.

This guy also wanted super vision…

It felt that there was nothing wrong with teaching standard abilities such as super vision, absolute sleep, and deterrence to any pet.

However, there were only two pets now, and Shi Yu felt that he couldn’t take it anymore. In the future, if there were more pets, he might not be able to increase points.

However, the most infuriating thing was that the method of increasing the page count of the skill index encouraged him to contract more pets.

Every time Shi Yu contracted a pet, the skill index would increase by five blank pages. This page number was based on the number of pets, and not the level of the Beast Taming Space. It was very annoying to his body.

However, as a loving Beast Tamer, Shi Yu didn’t dislike it.

On the contrary, he was very conflicted right now. When the time came, would the third one be a plant-type pet, or an undead-type pet that could be contracted? Or a mechanical-type pet with very high technology? He was quite envious now.

“Let’s go, continue searching for treasures with me!”

Shi Yu called Eleven and Buggy.

“Sob!” Life was not easy. Eleven sighed and felt that it was meaningless to just carry Shi Yu.

If only Shi Yu and Buggy had focused on being heavier. This way, it could at least have the effect of weight training.

“Wuu!” After loading Shi Yu and Buggy, Eleven turned around.

They lacked a friend who knew gravity skills.

Eleven suggested to Shi Yu.

“Are you short of friends? You need someone that provides you with tools for training!”

Gravity training method? Did this panda want to become a Super Saiyan Bear?

…

In the blink of an eye, it was the last day of the wilderness survival trial.

Time passed pretty quickly.

Especially for someone like Shi Yu who searched for resources all over the island.

Actually, it wasn’t a full search of the island. In the end, Shi Yu only wandered around the circular area of the landing point.

Of course, as a result, he forgot about spatial resources.

He didn’t even find many level-three resources that were slightly more valuable.

Level-one and level-two trash, however, was something he had found. A peal.

Putting aside the Dragon Soul Grass, its value was barely seven digits.

It was mainly because of the agreement with Yin Zhengfan.

He promised Yin Zhengfan to fight his Space Crystal Butterfly before the assessment ended.

If he went too far, Shi Yu was afraid that he wouldn’t be able to make it back in time and then leave the little kid hanging.

He could offer spatial resources, but leaving someone hanging was not a good behavior.

After all, Yin Zhengfan was more valuable to Shi Yu than spatial resources.

“There are still two hours until the end of the assessment…”

Shi Yu looked at the time and rushed towards the valley that he had originally agreed on.

In these three days, he didn’t count how many ferocious beasts he had hunted. However, he had completed all three of the assessment missions along the way, so he definitely had a professional license now.

Soon, Shi Yu arrived at his destination.

Yin Zhengfan arrived earlier than Shi Yu. When Shi Yu arrived, this child was sitting quietly on a huge beast and using a furry tool to massage the Space Crystal Butterfly.

The Space Crystal Butterfly looked like it was enjoying itself. Usually, only Beast Tamers from the Medical and Feeding departments would master the massage method to relax and clear the energy circulation of different pets. It didn’t expect Yin Zhengfan to be an all-round genius.

“Sob.” “Ji!” Eleven and Buggy turned to look at Shi Yu. When could Shi Yu also massage them?

Shi Yu: “???”

He knew the basics, but he had to add points and massage now? Did it not treat him as a human? Shi Yu suddenly felt that he had worked too hard. The children were self-disciplined and hardworking, but they didn’t know how to be filial to the Beast Tamer.

“There’s no need to ask any questions for the time being after we go back. You have to arrange for housekeeping skills, nursing skills, and culinary skills. In the future, after adding some points, I’ll be counting on you guys to take care of me.”

Shi Yu felt that he should just be an emotionless tool.

Eleven, Buggy: (っ╥╯_╰╥c)??

This was what it meant to shoot oneself in the foot? They shouldn’t have said all that.

Below.

At this moment, Yin Zhengfan turned around with the Space Crystal Butterfly and also discovered Shi Yu who was rushing over from afar. Following that, his Zonyan Rock Beast turned around.

It was a huge rock creature about four meters tall that looked like a two-legged dinosaur. Most of its body was covered in sharp chestnut rocks, and it had strong limbs and tail.

The most classic feature was that there was a ring of mane rocks as sharp as a scarf around its neck. Although these mane rocks were also chestnut now, Shi Yu knew that the most terrifying power of the Zonyan Rock Beast was stored inside. The power of lava. Therefore, the Zonyan Rock Beast was also known as the Little Lava Beast, mainly because the name was already officially taken by another monster…

[Name]: Zonyan Rock Beast

[Attributes]: Earth, Fire

[Race Level]: Low Level Monarch

[Race Skill]: Rock Transformation, Earth Collapse, Rock Sealing, Mountain Collapsing, Rock Roar Cannon, Lava Explosion