Chapter 112 - Three Space Skills

Chapter 112: Three Space Skills

Translator:

Atlas Studios

Editor:

Atlas Studios

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Eleven’s hardening, Eleven’s deterrence, his own etherealization, and the support of Buggy.

Even if he went to PK a transcendent creature, with four layers of protection, Shi Yu had no idea how he got injured.

The soul of courting death burned fiercely.

As a simple person, his joy was actually very simple.

As long as there was excitement, it would be enough.

“Charge!”

“Wuu!”

Shi Yu turned into a Panda Knight and let Eleven sprint out of the forest.

It had to be said that with Eleven opening the way, their speed had increased ridiculously.

Moreover, as Eleven ran, it was extremely domineering, and no ferocious beast dared to stop them.

However, this was clearly not what Shi Yu wanted. Under his special request, they took the initiative to find a ferocious beast.

On the ground, there were fallen leaves everywhere. Shi Yu rode on the iron-eating beast and looked at the Gale Sparrow foraging in front of him.

Oh, wasn’t this the assessment mission target?

What a coincidence.

This transcendent-level Gale Sparrow had just swallowed an Awakening-level Red-Crowned Snake into its stomach when it immediately welcomed unexpected guests like Shi Yu.

“Jiu!!!!!!!”

The Gale Sparrow, which was covered in brown feathers, clearly didn’t realize the severity of the problem, because Eleven had retracted its passive deterrence.

At this moment, it only had eyes for the fat caterpillar on Eleven’s head.

Slurp. Slurp.

It had just finished eating a Red-Crowned Snake, and the one-meter-tall Wind Sparrow was still not satisfied. Its gaze was sharp and greedy, and the DNA engraved in its blood directly moved.

It hadn’t been easy.

It completely didn’t expect to see such a fat worm on this island.

Buggy: ˋ_ˊ, bastard bird!

“Ji!!!!” Buggy let out a hiss, its whole body trembling slightly, wanting to personally teach its natural enemy a lesson.

Damn bird! It had endured a long time of suffering for this!

“Don’t panic, leave it to me.”

However, Shi Yu said confidently.

Don’t worry, Buggy, since I’ve contracted you, your Beast Tamer will protect you well!

He could capture a mere Gale Sparrow easily.

Buggy turned to look at Shi Yu with a dark expression. Can you do it?

“Wuu.”

Under Shi Yu, Eleven said weakly. Even if it didn’t trust Shi Yu, couldn’t it trust its transcendent Hardening?

Since Shi Yu was willing to play, why not cooperate with the Beast Tamer.

“Ji…” The leader had already said so. What else could Buggy do?

As the man and two pets interacted, the Gale Sparrow felt like it had been insulted, just like the Dark Stripe Poison Python from before. This was too much!

“Jiu!!!!”

It let out a loud cry again. The surrounding leaves vibrated, and green energy waves spread on its wings.

The Gale Sparrow was a medium-sized wind-element bird-type pet. It was a medium-level transcendent species. It had racial skills such as Wind Wings, Whirlwind Drill, and Wind Feather.

Wind Wings was a speed raising skill, while Whirlwind Drill formed a small whirlwind on the sharp long beak with extremely strong penetration power!

At this moment, the Gale Sparrow’s Wind Wings and Whirlwind Drill were activated at the same time. It suddenly attacked the Green silkworm on Eleven’s head from the sky, planning to chop up and eat its prey first!

“If you use the long-range skill Wind Feather, I might be a little afraid of you.”

“Unfortunately, you used the wrong skill.”

On the iron-eating beast, Shi Yu looked at the green light that flashed before his eyes. He raised his wooden saber with a calm expression.

In the next second, Eleven’s deterrence erupted. The Gale Sparrow suddenly stopped in midair. At the same time, Shi Yu, whose whole body and weapon had hardened, swung his wooden saber!

Profundity: Great shock!

At this moment, it was as if Shi Yu’s saber had swung out, displaying an extremely powerful aura that shocked the Tempest Bird. The Tempest Bird had no place to dodge, and it was directly smashed to the ground like a meteor in mid-air!!

Bang!!!

Shi Yu’s transcendent physique, in combination with Eleven’s transcendent Hardening, was surprisingly effective!

“Damn it!”

With a swing of the saber, the Blazing Wind Sparrow naturally wouldn’t lose its ability to fight because of this. Buggy attacked in time, and at this moment, Shi Yu fell into deep thought with an indignant expression.

“Next time, can any of you record this for me?” Shi Yu felt that such a handsome moment should be preserved.

Eleven, Worm:???

“Wu!” Eleven’s watery eyes widened. Which jerk said that giving battle recordings was meaningless just a while ago?!

Why was it that when it came to him, it wasn’t like that anymore!!!

Shi Yu scratched his cheek and said, “Did I say anything like that? Damn, at most, I’ll record it for you during the ranking battle.”

“I’ll hire a professional cameraman to record it for you, alright!?”

Just like that, Shi Yu completed an assessment mission. For some reason, the Eye of Heaven that was in charge of recording paused for a moment.

…

After satisfying Shi Yu’s Swordmaster Addiction, Shi Yu and the others finally placed their focus on traveling and gathering rare resources.

It took about an hour before Shi Yu and the others came out of the dark and humid forest.

Outside the forest, there seemed to be a valley.

Eleven climbed onto a higher rock and looked around. Then, it suddenly looked at the sky and cried out.

“Ji ji!!!”

“Ji!!”

Apart from Eleven, Buggy suddenly became excited too. He spat out a worm silk and sensed something with it.

Shi Yu also heard their conversation.

Eleven: “I sensed a strong energy wave nearby. Moreover, the energy wave is very similar to the bug’s skill wave!”

Buggy: “Yeah, that’s right, it’s spatial fluctuations!”

Both of them looked at the blurry sky in the distance.

“You mean, a spatial creature is fighting?” Shi Yu was slightly stunned and patted Eleven without another word.

Then what are you waiting for!!!

To the venue!

In the next second, Eleven leaped down from the mountain rock.

Shi Yu: “Damn, slow down.”

…

In the valley.

Where Shi Yu and the others were headed.

A handsome young man about 1.5 meters tall, with a lean figure and fair skin, stood calmly on the ground.

Not far from him, a white butterfly creature with huge transparent wings was fighting nine transcendent creatures alone.

The nine transcendent creatures were all killing bees of low-level transcendent races.

Although they were only low-level transcendent races, these nine Killer Bees had reached transcendent level on a rare occasion. At this moment, they were staring at the enemy in front of them crazily with their dark red eyes. The spikes on the tail of their stomachs were ready!

However…

Even if any professional Beast Tamer or intermediate-level Beast Tamer encountered these nine transcendent-level Killer Bees, they would still feel a headache and fear. At this moment, facing this huge white transparent butterfly, they felt as if it didn’t even care.

Every time they stabbed the butterfly with their tails, they either went straight through the butterfly’s body, as if they had stabbed air. That, or the butterfly teleported to other places, making them hit nothing.

The nine Killer Bees weren’t stupid. They also wanted to directly attack the humans in the distance, but the nine of them seemed to be restricted in a certain space and couldn’t leave this area at all. Every time they flew far, it was like hitting a transparent wall. It was very aggrieving.

After playing around for a while, the patience of the nine Killer Bees had already been worn down to the limit.

At this moment, the teenager slowly said, “Let’s finish them. Someone’s here.”

In the sealed space, the transparent butterfly nodded gently when it heard its master’s command. In the next moment, the space in the domain where the nine Killer Bees were located seemed to tremble, and spiderweb-like cracks appeared. Then, strong vibration waves gathered inside. Almost instantly, the nine Killer Bees exploded and died…

Bang!!!!

On a rock somewhere, Shi Yu’s heart surged when he saw this shocking scene!

“This age… is that Yin Zhengfan?”

“It’s just f*cking ridiculous. Apart from the Zonyan Rock Beast that contracted a low-level monarch race, there’s actually a spatial pet??”

[Name]: Spatial Crystal Butterfly

[Attributes]: Space

[Race Level]: High-level commander

[Race Skill]: Instant Transmission (Advanced spatial skill, can be used for short-distance space jumps).

Concealment (High-level spatial skill, can hide the body in an alternate space to avoid damage)

Space Shackles (Advanced spatial skill, can create a certain range of sealing space, and can cause spatial oscillations in this range to cause damage).

It’s one of the strongest commander races. Although it doesn’t have any super skills, it’s comparable to a monarch species creature.

At this moment, information about this creature appeared in Shi Yu’s mind.

Slowly, his gaze flickered.

He had previously asked the Archeological Seven Elites if there were any students who cultivated spatial pets in Ancient Capital University. The answer he got was very disappointing. There wasn’t even one in the huge Ancient Capital University. It was obvious how rare spatial pets were.

However, right now, three high-level spatial skills appeared in front of Shi Yu.

And every one of them had extremely high tactical value!

Teleportation, the most powerful life-saving skill of traveling!

Concealment was similar to Shi Yu’s etherealization. It was also a life-saving skill!

Space Seal, Strong Control and Output Skill, invincible!

What was this? Heaven’s love?

At the same time, Yin Zhengfan, who had finished the battle below, raised his head and looked at Shi Yu. The young man looked handsome and elegant, but there were other qualities in his gaze that others couldn’t see.

Shi Yu met his gaze and fell into deep thought.

“I have to find a way to replicate it! Otherwise, I won’t be able to sleep tonight..”