Chapter 114 - Correct Usage Of The Skill Index

Chapter 114: Correct Usage of the Skill Index

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Happy times were always very short.

As Yin Zhengfan and Shi Yu both wanted to continue the assessment, after Shi Yu and the others experienced Instant Transmission, the two of them bid farewell to each other.

He also agreed to return here to battle before the assessment ended to determine the winner.

“Three days later…”

Shi Yu watched Yin Zhengfan and the Space Crystal Butterfly leave and smiled. He quite liked this child.

Not only was he polite, but he was also easy to talk to. His pets were also rare and their skills were high-level. He really wanted to make friends with more of his pets.

“How do you feel?”

Shi Yu asked Eleven and Buggy, “Do you want to learn?”

“Ji!” “Wuu…”

Buggy’s eyes lit up, finding it very interesting.

In the blink of an eye, it teleported to a very far place. How magical!

It was just that it was a little carsick during the teleportation process.

It wondered if it would be better when it was the one doing it.

Compared to Buggy’s yearning for new skills, Eleven was relatively calm.

As a skill master, Eleven was analyzing the disadvantages of Instant Transmission.

After all, Eleven had heard that the child wanted the Space Crystal Butterfly to fight it.

Therefore, it had to seriously analyze its opponent’s abilities.

Due to its attributes, this Space Crystal Butterfly’s strength was still very ridiculous.

Even for some low-level monarch races, the outcome of a battle between ordinary transcendent-level creatures with super-level skills versus this butterfly was still unknown.

This was because of the attributes. Among the major attributes, space was the king, and time was the supreme. It and Buggy often saw this saying on the Internet.

From this, it could be seen that the space element was very powerful!

If he wanted to fight this Space Crystal Butterfly, the battle strategy that Eleven could think of was to counter speed with speed!

Although the Space Crystal Butterfly’s teleportation speed was very fast, its natural flying speed and reaction speed might not necessarily be stronger than it.

No matter how fast Instant Transmission was, it still required time to activate. Moreover, this move was not an attack skill, so it also required time for the reaction time when the Space Crystal Butterfly attacked.

Eleven felt that it was enough as long as he could use this period of time to instantly kill the Space Crystal Butterfly with the super high-speed increase brought about by the Perfect Level Thunder Palm.

Moreover, it had a deterrence skill that could limit the reaction speed of the Crystal Butterfly.

“Your analysis is pretty good.”

Shi Yu nodded and said, “The proficiency of the Space Crystal Butterfly’s Instant Transmission, Concealment, and Space Shackles shouldn’t be very high.”

“In terms of skill proficiency, you have a huge advantage. In terms of energy, you should also have discovered it just now, right?”

Eleven nodded heavily. According to its super vision, the total energy of that Space Crystal Butterfly might not even be two-thirds of its total. Therefore, if it was a battle of attrition, Eleven had a higher chance of winning.

Shi Yu and Eleven analyzed the flaws of the three spatial skills one by one.

“Ji…”

Buggy looked bitter. Stop analyzing.

They were such cool skills but after the analysis, why did it suddenly feel like it wasn’t amazing?

It made Buggy have the illusion that even if it learned it, he still couldn’t defeat Eleven.

“Haha.”

Shi Yu smiled. It was not a big problem, not a big problem. The upper limit of these three skills was still higher than the skills Eleven had mastered at the moment.

Analyzing the battle chances of Eleven and the Space Crystal Butterfly was completely based on Eleven’s high skill proficiency.

As long as one of the skills of the Space Crystal Butterfly reached expert level, the pressure on Eleven would be much greater.

Regarding this, he needed to be careful. However, Shi Yu judged that the other party’s skill proficiency shouldn’t be high.

After all, Yin Zhengfan and the Space Crystal Butterfly were not that old. Moreover, skill proficiency was a skill that was more complicated the higher the level, and the harder it was to increase skill proficiency.

A low-level skill could be mastered after a pet trained hard for a year.

However, for a high-level skill to reach expert level, the amount of training needed was several times that of a low-level skill.

This was also why the consumption of points when Shi Yu raised high-level skills was much higher than low-level skills.

For example, for super skills, perhaps a monarch’s pet might not even be able to upgrade from entry-level to proficient level after years of hard work.

The difficulty of raising the proficiency of high-level skills was too high. This also gave some low-level pets a chance to defeat strong enemies by using combination skills and profundities formed by low-level skills…

“If you learn Instant Transmission and we upgrade it to transcendent level, Eleven won’t be able to defeat you even if he dies of exhaustion,” Shi Yu said to Buggy.

Buggy was again in unexpected ecstasy.

“Wuu!”

Eleven pouted.

Tsk.

Stupid worm. It actually placed its hope of defeating it on the additional points. It had no ambition. It looked like it had been completely corroded.

When the Worm’s Instant Transmission reached the maximum level, Eleven firmly believed that it would have definitely mastered a skill that could shatter space and would be also maxed out by the Beast Tamer!

Everybody knew how to get points!

Everyone stood on the same adding point line. They competed in hard work. In this aspect, Eleven was no weaker than a beast.

…

Then, Shi Yu took the wooden sword and rode Eleven to start a new adventure.

There were indeed many transcendent creatures here. Before long, they encountered another transcendent-level ferocious beast, a water-element Mad Python.

Shi Yu was speechless. Why were there so many snakes?

And they were all pythons!

Weren’t there any snake spirits like Medusa or Little White and Little Qing?

That would be more exciting to chop…

“…”

At this moment, the dark-blue giant python was circling by the rock. It stared at Shi Yu and the others in cold blood and decided if it wanted to eat more later.

It was mainly because it had never eaten such a strange creature before and didn’t know if it was delicious.

“There seems to be a lake ahead.”

After discovering the water-elemental ferocious beast, Shi Yu seemed to feel that the air had become much more humid. He immediately made a judgment.

He was familiar with the Mad Python. It had the Race Skill Maddening and Torrent Tail. Back when he was training at Mt. Tian Mang, there seemed to be a small Boss called Mad Python. At that time, Shi Yu even had the thought of replicating Mad Python. Madness, hardening, multiplying sounded fierce, but this was the first time he really encountered a Mad Python.

Having a water-type ferocious beast meant that there was a water source…

He had a mission, and that was to obtain water-element resources. Therefore, it was very normal for there to be lakes and rivers near the landing point.

“Hiss…”

Shi Yu, Eleven, and Buggy still chose to ignore the Mad Python and think about other things. This made the Mad Python extremely silent and had the urge to go crazy.

Just as Mad Python was thinking, Shi Yu suddenly looked at it.

“Have you ever been slashed at the speed of light?”

Mad Python: ???

After Shi Yu finished speaking, he slowly raised the saber.

In the next second, Perfect Thunder Palm, Transcendent Level Hardening, Expert Level Deterrence, Perfect Level Super Sight activated at the same time!

Lightning wrapped around its four limbs as it erupted with a terrifying speed. Following that, Eleven and Shi Yu’s figures flashed like a bolt of lightning and instantly arrived beside the Mad Python. When the Mad Python reacted, the wooden sword had already stabbed into its head and beheaded it.

Crack…

“Profundity, Thunder Flash…”

Shi Yu’s voice slowly fell. His body and hands were trembling. After all, his speed was too fast. If Eleven hadn’t used hardening to stabilize him and used his super vision to accurately stab the wooden sword into the Mad Python’s body, Shi Yu would have been sent flying like a worm.

In the distance, Buggy crawled up in confusion. He looked at the cool Beast Tamer and the extremely cooperative leader in front of him and felt depressed.

Couldn’t they bring it along?

It could use the ability of illusions to add special effects! It wasn’t completely useless!

At this moment, the Mad Python did not know what had happened at all. In the sky, The Eye of Heaven was shocked for the second time after observing more than 6,000 candidates.

As a monarch-level pet, it could naturally tell that the reason Shi Yu could successfully posture was all because his pet was assisting. But, were these guys doing a movie?? This was a vocation assessment!! How could you guys do this!

It saw that other candidates were working hard to use their Beast Taming Talent to strengthen their pets and let their pets hunt.

Shi Yu… He let his pets assist him crazily while he killed the enemy… How could he do this?

The Eye of Heaven was silent. It couldn’t take this. It had to edit it seriously and shock all the examiners.

…

Before long, Shi Yu and the others arrived at the edge of a lake.

This lake looked calm, but Shi Yu felt that there was killing intent hidden. Transcendent creatures were probably underwater.

However, they still had to make a fuss over the lake.

That was because there were a few Water Lotuses on the lake’s surface.

The water lotus was in the center of the lake, very far from the shore.

In this situation, it was really difficult to collect them without water-element and flying-type pets…

They were really bullying Beast Tamers who only cultivated Iron-eating Beasts.

“But I have two cards. How can you target me?”

Shi Yu chuckled. He didn’t expect that he would complete the so-called assessment mission in less than half a day.

What did it mean to be fully prepared? What did it mean to be crushed by strength…

“Buggy, worm silk, go and get the water lotus.”

Looking at the water lotus hundreds of meters away, Shi Yu instructed the worm on his shoulder.

“Ji…” Buggy understood and spat out a long transparent worm silk, flying away.

Very quickly, with a whoosh, the water surface was sliced open. A water lotus was plucked by the worm and quickly swept back!

There were no obstacles during this process.

Only when the water lotus was swept to Shi Yu’s side did the lake suddenly tremble.

Boom!

The water surface seemed to have exploded, and an extraordinary high-level elemental creature, the Wildflow Fairy, suddenly crawled out of the lake in the form of a waterspout!

In addition, all over the lake, dragon carps of low-level transcendent races and praying rain frogs of medium-level transcendent races also appeared. They were basically at the awakening level.

Shi Yu looked at the changes in the lake and the water lotus beside him. He was basically certain that the boss of this lake was this Mad Flow Fairy.

[Name]: Mad Flow Fairy

[Attributes]: Water

[Race Level]: High Transcendent

[Race Skill]: Mad Flow, Water Wall, Purification

The Mad Flow Fairy was a rather strange elemental creature.

It liked water very much. Many floods and torrential rain were caused by it organizing a large number of water-type creatures. Its habit was to turn all land into water.

In comparison, the Dragon Carp and Rain Suppliant Frog that appeared were relatively harmless creatures. To be able to survive in such a place… It must be because of the protection of the Wildflow Fairy.

Mad Flow Fairies that had the cleansing skill were still very popular with other water-type creatures because they could cleanse water sources and increase the quality of the water source. Therefore, they were also called Cleansing Water Fairies.

Resources like water lotuses were actually mainly used to cleanse the water quality. Therefore, when Shi Yu took one away, the creatures in the lake immediately couldn’t stay any longer.

“Boom…”

Under the roar of the Mad Flow Fairy, dozens of water-type creatures popped their heads out, full of intimidation.

“Wuu!!!!”

On the land, Eleven raised its head and roared at the creatures that appeared in the lake, showing some deterrence.

In the next moment, all the water-type creatures, including the Mad Flow Fairy, sank into the water and immediately slipped away. They seemed to be saying that it was fine, that they should just take it. The water quality here was already good enough, it didn’t matter.

In nature, it was also so realistic. The fist was the law.

“Eleven, is there any way for me to split open the lake with a sword?”

Eleven: ( ̄口 ̄)!!

This guy was really pushing things!

“Ji!!” Buggy hurriedly said. It had a way, it had a way.

Shi Yu just had to pretend to swing his sword. It could use the transparent worm silk to simulate sword aura while tearing open the lake. In this way, it looked like Shi Yu had cut open the lake. Then, Eleven used deterrence to make all the creatures in the water faint in the lake that was split open. It was a great success in battle…

As a Panda Knight, it was normal for him to use deterrence sword aura.

Eleven: Σ (° △ ° | | |) Hello, Worm Director.

“It’s indeed a method, but it’s too much of a waste of energy. Forget it.” Shi Yu smiled. He was just kidding. He looked at the lake again. He didn’t expect to see the Rain Suppliant Frog and Dragon Carp here.

[Name]: Rain Suppliant Frog

[Attributes]: Water

[Race Level]: Medium transcendent

[Race Skill]: Qi Yu (High Level Water Skill), Water Arrow (Low Level Water Skill)

This Qi Yu was a good skill. It was a rare ability that could change the weather.

If it was a rainy day, the performance of the water-type pet could receive a good increase. It was equivalent to another kind of water-element talent!

However, Shi Yu did not mind too much. After all, there was no suitable weather based pet in his team.

However, this Dragon Carp was very interesting.

Dragon Carp

[Attributes]: Water

[Race Level]: Low-level transcendent

[Race Skill]: Leaping Dragon Gate (No Level Water Skill)

Like the Green Silkworm, this Dragon Carp was a weakling in the pet world.

At the same time, it was also one of the few creatures that could rely on increasing their racial skill proficiency to evolve naturally, just like the green worm.

However, its evolution difficulty was much higher than the green worm, so its status was also much lower than the green worm.

It was said that as long as the Dragon Carp trained the Water Slapping skill, which looked like a salted fish turning over, to perfection level proficiency, it could evolve into a dragon attribute and become a sub-dragon.

This Leaping Dragon Door sounded very cool, but actually, just like the Worm Silk, it was a useless skill that could be trained to perfection. At most, it would cause a small impact wave.

But it was this useless skill that could increase the dragon carp’s race potential.

At this moment, when he saw the Dragon Carp, Shi Yu fell into deep thought.

Speaking of which, although these levelless skills were trash, they didn’t seem to be completely useless.

He felt that maybe he could look for it in the future and see if there were any suitable levelless skills to teach Eleven and Worm?

After all, teaching levelless skills was too easy. It didn’t take much physical strength and time to quickly reach the maximum level. Then, it would turn something rotten into something magical. After that, after reaching the maximum level, it could also be deleted, leaving empty pages of the skill index. Compared to that, who knew how long it would take to delete the Inner Power and plant control in the skill index. Shi Yu felt that even if he became a Legendary Beast Tamer, these two super skills would probably still be lying in the index.

From a certain point of view, this might be the correct usage of the skill index’s deletion function?

…

A day later.

Shi Yu had already ridden Eleven and swept the surroundings of the landing point.

During this period, he also encountered many candidates, but the assessment did not allow teaming up, so they did not have much interaction.

However, when they saw Shi Yu riding the iron-eating beast, the candidate they encountered was still very shocked.

This was the first time he knew that Iron-eating Beasts could be used like this, but he didn’t know what use it had… Iron-eating Beasts weren’t mount races either?

Save energy for travel? Clearly, they didn’t have the chance to experience Shi Yu’s hardening swordplay.

Currently, those who saw Shi Yu take action had all died. The beasts, naturally.

…

“There are level-three resources again???”

“Wu!!!”

In just a day, Shi Yu and the others had gathered many rare resources.

Because the assessment mission had been completed, Shi Yu did not care about the number of ferocious beasts he hunted. He focused on finding valuable resources and ferocious beasts. His goal was clear.

Their efficiency in gathering resources was still very high. Thanks to Eleven’s perfect super vision, they could judge the strength of the energy wave from afar and use this method to determine which direction and corner had rare resources. They could find one at a time.

“Wu wu wu!!”

However, Eleven seemed especially serious this time.

In addition, it felt his hair stand on end.

This was the first time.

“Ji.” Even Buggy felt a sense of familiarity, let alone Eleven.

“Wu!!!”

In the end, the two pets widened their eyes and were completely certain…

It seemed to be dragon might!

There was the aura of a dragon!

“A dragon-type creature, or… a dragon-type resource?” Shi Yu was also stunned.

…

On the stone path, Little Iron Eater Eleven ran with Shi Yu agilely with its short legs.

It became more and more familiar with being a mount.

At this moment, it was pleasantly surprised. It was the dragon’s might!

Dragon Might was actually a deterrence skill.

However, it could only be called Dragon Might if it was used by the dragon race.

Because the quality of the dragon race far exceeded other creatures in all aspects, it also caused the performance of the dragon’s might to far exceed the deterrence of other monarch-level creatures.

After all, purebred dragons were natural kings. None of their race levels were lower than monarch-level.

Eleven had experienced the dragon’s might of the Ice Dragon Phantom before and it was indeed very unusual. Therefore, it was very excited this time and felt that it could fight with the dragon again.

As for Shi Yu, he felt that it was dreaming. How could there be a giant dragon in such a godforsaken place?

Soon, Shi Yu and the others arrived outside a valley.

Not only was there no candidate around this valley, but there was also no wild creature. It seemed that all of them had been scared away by the dragon’s might.

At this moment, just as they approached the valley, Eleven, Shi Yu, and Buggy felt a very strong pressure. If it weren’t for Eleven using deterrence already, Shi Yu and Buggy might not have been able to withstand it.

“Close.”

Shi Yu’s gaze froze. He ordered Eleven to approach the valley to see what was going on.

However, just as they took a step forward, a brown lizard-like figure appeared.

“Roar…”

This brown giant lizard that was as rough as a rock stepped on the gravel and issued a warning with a dignified gaze. Then, a strong deterrence wave shot out. It was actually a deterrence skill, but from the deterrence level, it was only entry-level. It was really no match for Eleven.

But even so, Shi Yu and the others were still very surprised.

Because this was a wild ferocious beast.

Apart from his pets, Shi Yu had only seen one pet that had awakened deterrence skills before it reached the level of a monarch.

That was the Ice Wolf King from the breeding base of Icefield City.

Moreover, Shi Yu felt that the deterrence of this lizard was not as simple as ordinary deterrence. It even had a hint of dragon might!

[Name]: Earth Rock Lizard

[Attributes]: Earth

[Race Level]: Low-level Commander

The Rock Lizard was a commander evolutionary branch of the Rockback Lizard and the Rockback Lizard, a transcendent species. It was a transitioning stage for dragon-element evolution. Although it wasn’t even a subspecies dragon yet, it already possessed some dragon-element characteristics.

At this moment, seeing such a creature with dragon might, Shi Yu was indescribably surprised.

Good lord.

Talent?

Monarch potential?

If not for the fact that the assessment rules did not allow them to take away and contract the ferocious beasts here, Shi Yu really wanted to capture them alive and pack them up.

However, he also understood the association’s concerns.

It was basically impossible for a ferocious beast that had grown to the transcendent level in the wild to be tamed by a Beast Tamer. Its wild and ferocious nature was too strong, and it could only be forced to contract. But in that case, as the ferocious beast grew, there would be a risk of backlash against the Beast Tamer in the future. Not many Beast Tamers would contract with the risk of backlash, no matter how talented the pet’s potential was.

In comparison, weren’t the obedient pets cultivated by the breeding bases good?

Capturing and contracting high-level ferocious beasts was too risky. The mainstream views in the Beast Tamer domain also suggested that Beast Tamers contract those pet cubs and nurture them from young. This was beneficial to establishing restraints.

Of course, the truth was not absolute. It wasn’t like there weren’t Beast Tamers who specialized in capturing mature wild beasts. However, the mortality rate was several times higher than other Beast Tamers.

At this moment, because Shi Yu and the others were not afraid of deterrence at all, and because Eleven had always displayed an even stronger and scarier deterrence that was almost corporeal, the extraordinary Rock Lizard’s eyes were filled with apprehension.

“Is this Earth Dragon Lizard talented, or is there some rare resource inside?”

Shi Yu looked at the nervous appearance of the Rock Lizard and looked deep into the valley.

“Roar—!!”

At this moment, another valiant dragon’s roar came from the distance, stunning Shi Yu and the others.

A moment later, a black spot appeared in the sky. A young bone dragon about two meters in size with a small Tamer on it flew over.

“Damn, after flying for half an island, I finally found this place.” This Beast Tamer was extremely surprised.

“Uh.” However, as the young Nether Bone Dragon flapping its bone wings was about to land, this candidate suddenly discovered the Earth Dragon Lizard and Shi Yu, who were facing each other below.

His expression changed as he observed carefully again.

Then, after discovering that the situation below was still normal, he relaxed inwardly. Good, looks like the Dragon Soul Grass hadn’t been obtained first.

“Roar—!!”

It was clearly a bone dragon, but it could actually make noise.

The Nether Bone Young Dragon landed. Its Beast Tamer Yu Shu started to size up the Earth Dragon Lizard that was releasing its dragon might, and the Panda King Eleven, who was also using deterrence to suppress the other party.

At this moment, his relaxed mood immediately tensed up again. His heart skipped a beat and stopped.

Damn it, there was still something wrong!

Where did this Earth Dragon Lizard come from? Could it be that all the Dragon Soul Grass had been eaten?

Moreover, what the hell was this Beast Tamer riding an iron-eating beast that could use deterrence??

“Roar…” The green eyes of the Nether Bone Young Dragon flashed, reminding its Beast Tamer that the Iron-eating Beast was not to be trifled with. Its aura was very terrifying.

Yu Shu’s expression changed. He realized that the good mood he had when he found the rumored Dragon Valley disappeared with a bang. Moreover, he kept feeling that this mission of his wouldn’t be very smooth.

“Nether Bone Young Dragon, you’re Yu Shu?” At this moment, Shi Yu turned around to observe the person’s bone dragon pet and asked curiously.

In just two days, he actually saw the two popular candidates mentioned by Seven Elites consecutively. His luck was pretty good.

“You’re Shi Yu?” After Yu Shu got down from the young Nether Bone Dragon, he looked silently at Shi Yu, who was riding an Iron-eating Beast and holding a wooden sword. A moment later, he also determined Shi Yu’s identity.

There were only a few people who scored high on the basic test. Everyone knew the other party’s test pet, so it was naturally easy to guess its identity.

Originally, Yu Shu was very unconvinced that the ability of a mere Iron-eating Beast was above his Nether Bone Young Dragon, but now, after discovering that this Iron-eating Beast actually knew how to use deterrence, he only felt that it was ridiculous.

Damn, where did this monster come from? His Nether Bone Young Dragon was a high class commander species, and it was even a dragon type. Yet… It was still a little short of awakening deterrence. What was wrong with Shi Yu’s Iron-eating Beast!

“Well, from the looks of it, you deliberately came here?” Shi Yu asked.

Yu Shu’s expression darkened. This was none of his business.

Although he thought this way, he still nodded. After all, this kind of thing couldn’t be hidden at all.

“There are the dragon-eating resources I need inside, but it looks like we discovered it at the same time. How is it? How do you plan to compete?” He looked at Shi Yu with interest. Although this iron-eating beast didn’t look weak, after his Nether Bone Young Dragon and dragon soul fused, its battle power was comparable to an extraordinary pet of a monarch race!

If it was according to the standard resource competition method, Shi Yu would not be his match.

He wasn’t even afraid of Yin Zhengfan’s beast. In short, he was determined to get the Dragon Soul Grass. The main reason was that this thing was very rare even in the outside world. It was very difficult to buy. Although there were high-level substitutes, the high level resources were too high for his pet. Instead, the level of this Dragon Soul Grass was just right.

The lizard: ???

Get lost, that belonged to it!

It looked at the iron-eating beast and the bone dragon more fearfully. It kept feeling that both parties were coveting the Dragon Soul Grass in the valley.

“There’s indeed a treasure…” Shi Yu was stunned and found it interesting. He had a premonition that this resource was not simple.

Perhaps this trial island wasn’t all a pile of trash and low-level resources…

“Ji ji ji—” Before Shi Yu could make a decision, the bug became excited. Why not let it deal with this bone dragon and that dragon lizard? It felt that there would be dragon-element resources inside, and it wanted to fight for them itself.

Shi Yu: “You’re not his match either… Unless…”

It wasn’t that he looked down on Buggy. Even if the Buggy’s battle power was fully released, it would only be a transcendent pet comparable to low-level commander races…

It was barely enough to deal with this lizard, let alone the bone dragon.

Insect: [(❁ ́◡`❁)*✲equipment, equipment…]

What the worm meant was that expert level Illusory Phantom could use external items to increase the quality of the Illusory Phantom. Low class commander races weren’t its full battle power at all.. With so many ice-element energy crystals and that Ice Dragon Whiskers, just like during training, if it was used… It could transform into an Ice Dragon and crush this dragon lizard and bone dragon without any pressure!!