Chapter 115 - Ice Dragon Bug Vs Soul Attached Bone Dragon

Chapter 115: Ice Dragon Bug VS Soul attached Bone Dragon

Translator:

Atlas Studios

Editor:

Atlas Studios

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“How do you plan to compete?”

At this moment, after hearing Buggy’s petition, Shi Yu smiled.

So this worm was thinking about wearing equipment.

It couldn’t defeat the enemy naked, but couldn’t it defeat it with a+20 golden legendary equipment?

Indeed, the abnormality of an expert level phantom was that it could strengthen the phantom with external things.

If he didn’t include this ability, it would be a little unfair to say that the battle power of the bugs was only at the level of transcendent-level ferocious beasts of low-level commander races.

It had already been added to the expert level, why should it be used as a proficiency level!

However, Shi Yu’s expression was strange.

Buggy was ruthless.

If he didn’t remember wrongly, Buggy must have caught a cold when it used the ice-element energy crystal and the Ice Dragon Whiskers to train previously. It had been sleeping with a blanket for days and directly rejected the cold.

Ice-element energy crystals were alright… But the Ice Dragon Whiskers that the Clam used, even if it wasn’t a level-seven resource for a overlord creature, it had to be close, right?

As a Green Silkworm, wearing such equipment would naturally be a huge burden.

Of course, the burden was great, and the gains were also great.

Although the combat power of the transformed ice dragon was very poor in terms of skills and could only use some basic ice-type moves, the physical fitness of the dragon race was undoubtedly powerful. It was very resistant to attacks.

Just like the Ice Dragon Phantom Eleven encountered, its physical quality was ridiculous, and its control over elemental energy was also ridiculous.

It was equivalent to an overlord race cub without any super or high-level skills, only having the strength of the body.

This was already very strong. Just based on this point, it felt that it could go head-on against ordinary monarch species creatures. After all, a real ice dragon was an overlord race. Squashing a commander species creature of the same level was as easy as squashing a worm.

In this case, Buggy indeed had the capital to interfere in the competition of the vocation assessment.

Previously, the Ice Dragon Whiskers and ice-element energy crystals were both external forces. In addition, the burden of using the bugs was relatively high. Shi Yu did not count them in the battle power Buggy. Now, since Buggy wanted to try again, it wasn’t impossible to try…

“How else can we compete? Both parties compete with all their might.”

“If you’re afraid of affecting the assessment, you might as well give up.” Yu Shu chuckled, hoping that Shi Yu would back off.

He had no intention of fighting one-on-one. After all, his strength was in team battles with pets.

“2 vs 2?”

“Alright, but shouldn’t we deal with this Earth Dragon Lizard first and see what’s inside?” Shi Yu said.

“It…” Yu Shu shook his head and glanced at the Rock Lizard, not paying much attention.

It was just a low-level commander species Earth Dragon Lizard. Even if it had awakened its deterrence, in terms of battle power, it might only be comparable to the Thunder Lion Shi Yu encountered during the basic test. Its energy level was about 1,000.

For a genius like Yu Shu, who had a single bone dragon that was close to 3,000 energy points, this Earth Dragon Lizard was also a ferocious beast that could be insta-killed.

“One point, I’ll take it.”

Yu Shu didn’t ask for Shi Yu’s opinion and directly let his pet attack.

In the vocation assessment, no matter the level of the ferocious beast’s race, as long as it grew to the transcendent level, hunting was 1 point. Therefore, it was really tiring and not pleasing to hunt a powerful ferocious beast like the Earth Dragon Lizard, but that was for ordinary candidates.

Yu Shu’s eyes were filled with arrogance. He was very disdainful of this creature associated with the word “dragon” but not dragon type.

“Roar…”

At this moment, the Rock Lizard’s heart skipped a beat as it suddenly realized that something was wrong.

Right now, it didn’t seem like it was a good time to watch this show??

It subconsciously wanted to burrow into the ground and return to the valley first. At this moment, Yu Shu’s Nether Bone Dragon flew up. At the same time, a green soul flame appeared in its skeleton body, forming a dragon shape that wrapped around the body of the Nether Bone Dragon!

At this moment, the aura of the young Nether Bone Dragon became extremely terrifying. Even without the dragon’s might, the Earth Rock Lizard could feel the spiritual pressure of a dragon-type creature!

[Name]: Nether Bone Young Dragon

[Attributes]: Undead, Dragon

[Race Level]: High-level commander

[Race Skill]: Dragon Claw (Intermediate Dragon-type Skill), Dragon Breath (Advanced Dragon-type Skill), Corpse Strengthening (Advanced Undead-type Skill), Bone Reassembling (Advanced Undead-type Skill)

[Name]: Dragon Soul (Incomplete)

[Attributes]: Undead, Dragon

[Race Level]: Low-level Commander

[Race Skill]: Possession (Advanced undead skill), Soul Flame (Advanced undead skill)

The two pets of the commander species completed the fusion almost instantly through the possession skill!!

In the sky, the young Nether Bone Dragon covered in green soul flames suddenly condensed a black flame breath!!

A powerful combination skill with the properties of dragon, undead, and fire blasted out!!

Hu hu!!!

Blazing dragon breath flames attacked.

Below, the Earth Dragon Lizard roared as sand and rocks gathered around it.

In the face of the attack, it instantly swept up the high-level skill Rock Sand Storm to resist.

The rock sand that filled the sky twisted into a force that collided with the dragon flames.

However, this Soul Fire Dragon Breath formed by the dragon soul possessing the young Nether Bone Dragon instantly penetrated the rock sand storm with a bang. Under the shocked expression of the Earth Rock Lizard, it turned into raging flames and got swept into the flames!

“Roar…”

The miserable cry of the Earth Dragon Lizard came from the dark green Inferno.

The battle power of both parties was not on the same level at all.

“Are you still planning to compete?” Yu Shu smiled.

He had the pride that most Dragon Tamers had and was extremely confident in his own strength.

Not far away, Shi Yu, Eleven, and Buggy watched this scene in silence.

It was fancy.

Wasn’t it just insta-killing a lizard?

“Sob.” Eleven curled its lips. If it wasn’t to save energy and use supervision to find more resources, one deterrence from it could directly knock this lizard out.

All along, when they were traveling, the passive deterrence that Eleven displayed was at entry-level.

Such a deterrence wave was enough to deter the enemy’s battle intent.

As for proficient-level deterrence, it could already cause mental damage and directly stun the enemy.

As for the expert level deterrence that Eleven mastered, also known as the king’s aura, the huge aura could stun hundreds of enemies and condense into a wave that crushed the enemy. It was a deterrence that could resist the dragon’s might of the Ice Dragon Phantom.

It was very difficult for any opponent whose mental willpower was inferior to Eleven’s, even if they were also at the transcendent level. After all, this was an expert high-level mental skill.

At the transcendent level, how many pets could train high-level skills to the expert level? The proficient level was the limit.

However, although Eleven felt that its opponent was being fancy, it glanced at Buggy. “Can you do it?”

“Ji!!!” Buggy was very unhappy because it was looked down on.

Wait and see!!

Buggy also understood that with added points and hard work, it definitely couldn’t surpass the leader.

Then, it could only rely on wearing divine clothes.

With the enhancement of his divine armor, he could slay dragons like bugs!

“Sob.” Eleven shook his head.

It didn’t matter. It was a 2VS2 anyway, so it could try again if it didn’t work.

At this moment, Yu Shu was waiting for Shi Yu’s answer.

However, Shi Yu was not frightened as he had imagined.

“Of course I’ll be competing, but I’ll go and see what’s inside first.” Shi Yu smiled.

This guy was trying to scare him? Too young.

However, although he was young, Shi Yu casually glanced at the young Nether Bone Dragon. Its four skills were alright, but the possession skill of the dragon soul looked awesome.

This was a skill similar to the Fusion Beast Taming Talent.

Beast Tamers with the Fusion Beast Taming Talent could take the initiative to choose to fuse with different pets.

As for undead-type soul pets with the possession skill, they could also choose to possess different pets, or even Beast Tamers.

This was also a very mainstream life-saving skill among Spirit Mediums.

Shi Yu heard that there seemed to be a Legendary Spirit Medium in the ancient capital who specialized in developing the possession skill.

He contracted a heroic spirit with explosive battle power. After the heroic spirit possessed him, this Spirit Medium was said to be able to suppress overlord creatures alone.

In short, this was also a good skill. Unfortunately, Eleven and Buggy definitely couldn’t learn it, or else he would be even more handsome!

“What else could be inside? Dragon Soul Grass.”

Yu Shu glanced at the familiar Rock Lizard with strange patterns on the ground and shook his head. After patting the bone dragon beside him, he followed Shi Yu, who was riding the iron-eating beast, into the valley.

…

In the valley, three plants that looked like green wings swayed at the core.

The plant emitted strong spiritual waves that were like dragon might.

Seeing these three stalks of grass, Yu Shu was overjoyed.

There were actually three stalks.

“The Rock Lizard relied on the deterrence of these.” At this moment, Shi Yu and the others stared at the Dragon Soul Grass and revealed curious expressions.

Shi Yu had clearly memorized a large amount of resources, but he still couldn’t find any information on this resource in his mind.

It seemed like it was a super rare resource.

“Do you know what this is?” Shi Yu asked.

“…” Yu Shu was speechless. After all this time, he didn’t even know what it was and he wanted to fight with him?

“Dragon Soul Grass, level-three dragon-element and spiritual-element resources. Its value is comparable to resources above ordinary level five,” Yu Shu replied.

“Only when a purebred dragon dies in a place where the lingering dragon might doesn’t disperse can such a plant be formed.”

“That Earth Dragon Lizard should have used the pressure of the Dragon Soul Grass to train its mental strength during its growth stage and awakened its deterrence on its own. Its talent seems pretty good.”

Yu Shu was relieved. Fortunately, it wasn’t eaten directly!

The Dragon Soul Grass couldn’t be eaten directly, or else there would be a huge risk of mental breakdown. It needed to be used with other materials. As long as the ferocious beast wasn’t stupid, it could sense the danger of the Dragon Soul Grass. This lizard was very smart, and it only used its pressure to train its spiritual power.

As for why Yu Shu knew so much, it was very simple. It was because his mother had participated in the development mission of the Island of Trials before and personally hunted several subspecies dragons in this place that could breed Dragon Soul Grass.

Now, there were no more alternative dragons. All the high-level ferocious beasts had been eliminated, leaving only creatures like the Earth Dragon Lizard that might evolve into dragons.

“Is that so?”

At this moment, when Shi Yu heard Yu Shu say this, he knew the use of the Dragon Soul Grass without thinking.

Sure.

Mental resources? It felt like they could be used as evolution materials for Buggy!

It could even make deterrence have the nature of a dragon?

Wouldn’t it be better to use deterrence after transforming into an ice dragon?

The completion level of the Ice Dragon Phantom increased again.

Shi Yu and Buggy’s eyes lit up. They felt that they couldn’t miss such a rare resource.

“Alright, I’ve satisfied your curiosity, right?” Yu Shu smiled and said confidently. “By the way, don’t tell me that your second pet is a green worm waiting to evolve.”

The reason why he wasn’t afraid to compete with Shi Yu for the Dragon Soul Grass was firstly because his Possession Double Strike battle tactic was invincible at the same level, and secondly, Shi Yu didn’t seem to be very smart. He rode an Iron-eating Beast, held a wooden sword, and even contracted a Green Silkworm to participate in the vocation assessment… What the heck?

Nether Bone Young Dragon, Dragon Soul VS Iron-eating Beast, Green Silkworm, how could they lose?

Yu Shu didn’t know how to lose!

It was also because Shi Yu was also a genius that he felt that he could befriend him. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have said so much to Shi Yu.

Although everyone was competing, there was no need to damage the harmony. He wanted Shi Yu to admit defeat wholeheartedly.

“It’s really my second pet.”

Shi Yu smiled. Not only was his other pet a Green Silkworm, but he even planned to let it fight one against two first…

“Then you’re finished. Do you plan to let the Iron-eating Beast fight one against two?”

“No.”

Yu Shu and Shi Yu’s gazes became even more serious. Both parties were determined to get the Dragon Soul Grass.

In that case, they could only compete according to the traditional competition method.

The two of them walked to a relatively empty place. Yu Shu was dressed in black. As he often flew, he even wore a red windproof cloak. He looked very strong.

Under his instructions, the bone dragon that was possessed by the dragon soul waved its bone wings and slowly flew up. In mid-air, it looked at Shi Yu and the others with its empty green fire eyes.

On Shi Yu’s side, Buggy quickly crawled into Shi Yu’s hand.

Shi Yu dug into his pocket and took out a level-two ice-element energy crystal from the ruin pearl. He fed it to Buggy and let Buggy put it in its mouth.

As for the Ice Dragon Whiskers, it had already been tied to its body by the transparent insect silk!

After the armor was completed, Buggy’s gaze was serious. It bent his body and jumped down!

Worm Leap!

The worm successfully landed opposite the Soul attached and stared at it with battle intent.

At this moment, on the other side, the serious-looking Yu Shu and the Soul attached Bone Dragon paused for a moment.

What was the meaning of this?

Looking at the indifferent Shi Yu, the Iron-eating Beast, and the green silkworm that jumped out, they were speechless.

Please, please don’t tell him that Shi Yu wanted the Green Silkworm to fight his Soul attached Bone Dragon!!

“Are you serious?” Yu Shu looked up at Shi Yu, but wondered what did Shi Yu feed the green worm…

“I’m serious.” Shi Yu said calmly, “You’re considered half a Dragon Tamer, right? I forgot to tell you, actually, I’m the same.”

Yu Shu: “?”

Before Yu Shu could react, Buggy on the ground had already closed its eyes slightly.

Hu hu hu!!!!

At this moment, cold air started to emit from Buggy’s body.

After entering the transcendent level, and after the Phantom Illusion Skill was activated to expert level+4, its spiritual power level combined with Absolute Sleep could already instantly create dream images.

However, this was actually still built up by Buggy’s own efforts. If Shi Yu could replicate a skill related to controlling dreams for it, the quality of the illusions projected by it should be stronger. For example, in terms of details, perhaps it could really know how many hairs a cat in a dream had.

The skill, Phantom Illusion, was actually equivalent to providing a core. As long as the user constantly assembled other skills to increase the quality of the phantom, its upper limit was very high.

At this moment, Yu Shu still didn’t know what had happened. The Soul attached Bone Dragon also felt a little confused, but in the next moment, the atmosphere had already started to change. The sky suddenly darkened, as if blue snow clouds were condensing.

In an instant, hail and snow started to fall. The snow mixed with strong winds formed a snowstorm. Countless snowstorms appeared. At that moment, the figure of the worm was already difficult to see clearly under the snowstorm.

Originally, Yu Shu was still in the mood to quietly watch what Shi Yu was up to. However, in the next moment, he and the Soul attached Bone Dragon’s widened their eyes almost at the same time, revealing an expression of disbelief.

Because, at this moment, under the condensation of the snow, the spot where the insect was just now was forming a huge monster, a frost dragon!!

Yu Shu and the Soul attached Bone Dragon looked at the three-meter-tall dragon creature in front of them, their mouths agape.

The strong body of the frost dragon in front of him seemed to be made of frost. Its color was ice-blue and deep, representing extreme cold.

Not only its body, its neck, head, long tail, sharp claws, and fangs, its four strong feet, and its pair of wings were also all strong and powerful. Its scales revealed coldness, and there was wind and snow lingering around it, it was extremely domineering.

“Hou!!!!!!”

The ice dragon that the worm had just projected roared and flapped its wings.

During the roar, its deep eyes glanced at its opponent. The few ice-blue beards fluttered with the wind, causing the Soul attached Bone Dragon to subconsciously take a step back. It felt like its bloodline was being suppressed.

The frost dragon in front of him, which was even larger and more like a purebred dragon, directly stunned the Soul attached Bone Dragon.

What was going on, what happened…

“Impossible!!!” Yu Shu shouted, staring at the frost dragon in shock.

This kind of creature, this kind of creature, could a quasi-class Beast Tamer even summon it? Even if it was a legendary Dragon Tamer, there were only a few who could tame the frost dragon!

This was not a real frost dragon at all. Yu Shu’s gaze turned solemn as he looked at the disappearing green worm in confusion. “It’s… that green worm?”

“That’s not a Green silkworm. It’s a pet that can transform. Just now, it only turned into a Green silkworm, but now, it turned into a frost dragon.” Shi Yu chuckled, and Yu Shu started to curse in his heart.

Damn, never heard of it!!!

Was this how you lie?

Was it appropriate to let a powerful pet transform into a green worm to trick people??

Moreover, he looked at the frost dragon and swallowed his saliva. This was why he said he was half a Dragon Tamer?

Yu Shu’s expression turned solemn. In short, he didn’t believe it.

The Frost Dragon was an overlord of the dragon race. How could it be changed just like that by a quasi professional Beast Tamer’s pet?

It was just for show. He would immediately expose the true form of the ice dragon.

“Hou!!!!!!”

Facing the Ice Dragon Phantom in front of it, the Soul attached Bone Dragon didn’t sense that it was illusory at all. It knew that this wasn’t an illusion, but a physical illusion. Under the Beast Tamer’s command, the Soul attached Flame Dragon Breath condensed in its restless mouth and attacked!!

Boom!!!

A thick black flame pillar half a meter in diameter suddenly swept towards the Ice Dragon Phantom. The dragon breath flame that could burn the body and soul had completely annihilated the lizard. However, facing this Flame Dragon Breath, the Ice Dragon Phantom was not afraid at all and similarly spat out a breath!

It was just a very simple cold breath condensed from ice-element energy!

However, even the cold breath seemed to really be spat out by the frost dragon. It carried a strong dragon might like a flying ice dragon. Its power was incomparably huge, completely incomparable to the cold breath of those low-level ice-element creatures!

With a crack, the Soul Fire Dragon Breath and the cold breath collided. The result was that the cold breath instantly suppressed the dragon breath and showed signs of freezing this breath.

Seeing the dragon breath that instantly froze and was pressed back, Yu Shu’s pupils constricted. Soul fluctuations surged around his body. As a Beast Tamer with a Soul Strengthening Talent, he could strengthen the power of the undead. With a boom, Yu Shu and the Bone Dragon resonated!!

Huge soul fluctuations appeared on the bodies of the two at the same time. The Soul attached Bone Dragon’s Soul Fire Dragon Breath’s flames were even more vigorous at this moment, and its power was instantly equal to the Ice Breath. Between the two breaths, intense dust and smoke instantly swept up, and the airflow spread to both sides…

“Strengthen, Claw Attack—”

“Roar!!”

In the smoke, the figure of the Soul attached Bone Dragon suddenly flew out. After activating the Corpse Strengthening skill, the bones on its body increased exponentially, as if it was wearing bone armor, and its whole body was incomparably heavy!

At this moment, it held the Soul Dragon Claw in both hands and crossed it towards the Ice Dragon Phantom!

In the face of the attack, the Ice Dragon Phantom stood still and looked over coldly.

Excessive movements would only consume more energy. It only needed to rely on its powerful strength to ignore and crush all attacks!

With a bang, the Ice Dragon Phantom took the attack head-on. Fine cracks appeared on its dragon scales. At the same time, a terrifying cold aura erupted from the Ice Dragon’s broken body, freezing the curse energy and directly freezing its entire body along the claws of the Soul attached Bone Dragon.

Click.

The strengthened dragon bone was frozen and shattered, but under the repair of the skeleton recombination skill, the Soul attached dragon quickly recovered to its original state. However, in the next instant, the huge ice dragon turned around and swiped its claw. Before the Soul attached dragon could react, its entire body was ruthlessly smashed by the Ice Dragon Phantom’s Ice Splitting Claw again and flew a few meters away…

“Roar…”

During this process, the Nether Bone Young Dragon and the dragon soul were forced to separate. It let out a painful cry and the Ice Dragon Worm heavily injured the two pets in one hit.

“Roar!!!” The Ice Dragon Phantom still stood on the spot like an overlord, looking down at them and letting out a high cry.

Yu Shu widened his eyes.

“Impossible, impossible, impossible.”

He looked at the completely crushed Soul attached Bone Dragon in one round of confrontation with a shocked expression.

How was that possible!

The physical fitness of this ice dragon was actually comparable to that of the overlord race’s ice dragon!!!

Just based on its physical fitness, it completely crushed his Soul attached Bone Dragon. In fact, apart from the basic skills Ice Breath and Ice Rending Claw, it didn’t use any other skills!!

This didn’t make sense. How could there be such a ridiculous transformation skill? He had never heard of it!!

“Do you still want to fight? I think there’s actually no need,” Shi Yu said.

If this continued, the Nether Bone Young Dragon and the dragon soul would definitely be heavily injured. Similarly, Buggy would have to rely on the Ice Dragon Whiskers to transform into such a powerful ice dragon, and his mental state would suffer a heavy blow. In the exchange just now, even if there was an expert level Absolute Sleep that constantly recovered physical strength at a high speed, it had already consumed more than half of Buggy’s strength.

The recovery speed was far lower than the consumption speed.

If this continued, it would be meaningless because Eleven had yet to make a move. Even if Buggy’s physical fitness was insufficient, the outcome of this battle was obvious.

“Wuu—” Shi Yu sat down, and Eleven showed a friendly expression to Yu Shu and the others.

Instantly, Yu Shu’s face turned green and white. Son of a b*tch, what was wrong with this Shi Yu!!

What kind of pet could turn into a damn dragon? Damn it!!!

“Roar…” The bone dragon and dragon soul advised the Beast Tamer not to fight anymore.

Son of a b*tch, they might not be a match for this guy!

At this moment, Yu Shu was completely numb. The bone dragon and dragon soul stared cautiously at the ice dragon opposite them. As for him, he looked solemnly at the iron-eating beast with 3186 energy points and the calm Shi Yu. He immediately deduced that he might really not be able to compete with this fellow. To think that he was so confident at the start…

Damn it, that wasn’t a green worm at all!!!

Yu Shu had a deep grudge.

Whether the ice dragon in front of him was real or fake, its battle power was definitely not inferior to the purebred dragons of the low-level monarch race!

Dragon Soul Grass…

“You win.” Yu Shu’s expression darkened.

It was just Dragon Soul Grass. He didn’t want a mere low-level resource.

Yu Shu didn’t want to end the assessment early because of the three Dragon Soul Grass. If he continued fighting, his bone dragon and dragon soul would definitely lose their ability to fight. At that time, he would have difficulty moving in the next two days.

“I admit defeat. You guys are good. See you in the ranking battle. Also, remember not to use the Dragon Soul Grass directly.”

Yu Shu summoned his two pets and turned to leave.

He didn’t want to stay here anymore.

“You’re leaving already? Be careful ~” Shi Yu waved his hand. This person was as easygoing as Yin Zhengfan. He was a good person.

He was just not as strong as Yin Zhengfan.

At the same time, on the ground, the ice dragon phantom gradually disappeared, and the green worm lay on the ground trembling.

Buggy: “Achoo!”

“Achoo…”

Hopefully it didn’t catch a cold…

“Ji…” Although it felt cold all over, Buggy was especially excited at this moment. This was because these three stalks of Dragon Soul Grass were obtained by itself!

It quickly crawled to the edge of the Dragon Soul Grass and sensed the dragon might. At this moment, the insect’s pupils constricted. It didn’t eat the Dragon Soul Grass at all, but a powerful spiritual pressure suddenly erupted from its body!!

Boom!!!

It had automatically awakened its deterrence skill.

In the distance, Yu Shu, who had not walked far, turned around slightly.. He looked at the intimidating Green Silkworm King and was stunned on the spot…