Chapter 111 - Panda Knight Attack

Chapter 111: Panda Knight Attack

Translator:

Atlas Studios

Editor:

Atlas Studios

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

In the silent forest, a huge python nearly seven to eight meters long with obvious dark patterns was entrenched around the darklight grass. It stared at its surroundings cautiously. Its expression was fierce to the extreme, but its heart was in a panic.

It had already sensed the enemy’s aura, but precisely because it sensed the enemy’s unusual deterrence, it didn’t dare to act rashly.

Not far from the dark screen grass, Shi Yu, Eleven, and the others stood behind a huge tree. On the other side, a lone candidate was standing behind another huge tree. There was also a blue centipede with multiple feet wrapped around his body.

The Mad Flow Centipede was a water-type pet of a high-level transcendent race. The Dark Ring Poison Python was also a ferocious beast of a high-level transcendent race, and it was a rare dark-type and poison-type ferocious beast. This Beast Tamer was clearly afraid, because the Dark Ring Poison Python was not to be trifled with at first glance.

If he didn’t settle it properly, he couldn’t go back alive anymore. His parents would not be pleased about that…

“Are you going?”

At this moment, the sudden sentence shocked the Dark Ring Poison Python and this candidate.

There were others?

This candidate clearly didn’t notice Shi Yu and the others.

This was the power of the Perfect Level super vision. The energy vision trait of Perfect Level super vision could directly let Eleven capture the energy fluctuations in a large area. For example, Eleven could almost directly judge the exact amount of energy in the bodies of the Mad Flow Centipede and the Dark Ring Poison Python.

Its judgment was that its opponent was not very strong, only one-fifth of its strength.

“Do you have any Dark Ringed Poison Python or Darklight Grass for your missions? If you do, you go first. After you go out, just add me as a friend and give me a red packet,” Shi Yu said with a yawn.

“I’m not, I didn’t. I was just passing by, passing by!”

The candidate opposite was speechless. Should he say that he was a good person or a money-grubber?!

However, he gave up on this resource and this ferocious beast. This guy could fight whoever he wanted.

If he had the time, wouldn’t it be nice to go and find those low-level transcendent bug-type transcendent ferocious beasts?

Shi Yu and this candidate started communicating through the air.

Dark Ring Poison Python:???

These people weren’t very polite?

Although it couldn’t understand, why did it feel like it had been mocked!

The Dark Ring Poison Python’s eyes turned red. Son of a b*tch, It couldn’t take it anymore. It suddenly stretched out its body and opened its huge mouth, wanting to eat the unripe Darklight Grass and escape. It didn’t even wait for it to mature. Now that there are people eyeing it covetously, it would be a gain if it ate it. It was a snake, after all. In short, no one else can get it…

“Holy shit.”

The series of actions of the Dark Ring Poison Python clearly stunned the candidate on the other side and his Mad Flow Centipede.

It ate it just like that? Not waiting for it to mature?

Shi Yu was also somewhat silent. F*ck, what the heck was with this snake?

You’re a ferocious beast that caused the deaths of thousands of people every year, is your temper so weak? Shouldn’t you kill us and then silently guard your food until it ripens? What kind of snake just eats it?

However, Shi Yu and the others clearly wouldn’t give the snake this chance.

Boom!!!

Just as the Dark Ring Poison Python was about to directly eat the underripe Darklight Grass, an invisible wave instantly spread from afar!

This was the terrifying aura the Dark Ring Poison Python had sensed previously. Previously, it was still very faint, but at this moment, it clearly sensed that the aura was surprisingly terrifying and strong!

Buzz!

At this moment, the Dark Ring Poison Python’s movements directly stopped. Its mind was in a daze and even a little dizzy. In order to save physical strength, Eleven didn’t use all its strength. In the next second, Buggy did a follow up move. A transparent thread shot out and wrapped around the Dark Ring Poison Python’s poisonous body. In the next second, the worm silk caved in and dark red blood splattered. The Dark Ring Poison Python’s body was directly divided into two and it was dismembered on the spot!

“Wuu!” “Ji!”

Eleven and Buggy looked serious. They felt that their cooperation was not very smooth.

However, everything happened very quickly. This made the other candidate who was observing in the dark suddenly widen his eyes and take a step back with a hoarse voice. His Mad Flow Centipede also felt a chill in its heart at this moment and trembled all over. Because in their eyes, it was as if nothing had happened at all. The Dark Ring Poison Python directly died, and the scene was abnormally scary.

The sudden change shocked them so much that their hearts skipped a beat. They ignored everything and turned to leave, as if Shi Yu and the others, who had yet to show themselves, were even more terrifying than this Dark-Ringed Poison Python.

“Uncooked Darklight Grass. Its value isn’t high. If there’s no mission, it’s useless for ordinary people to harvest it. The energy will quickly disappear. However, if it’s transplanted into the ruins, there’s still hope of saving it… After it ripens, it can still be sold for tens of thousands. It’s alright.”

“Eh, why did he leave directly?” Shi Yu looked up and shook his head. He slowly walked to the vicinity of the spoils of war and began to clean the battlefield to collect valuable resources.

…

As Shi Yu gained something, the assessment had only started for less than an hour, but pets had already died and candidates had already left the assessment. In the sky above the Island of Trials, in the huge aircraft, many examiners were expressionless as they watched the rapid changes in the data.

They were still too young. It seemed that some candidates still came to participate in the vocation assessment without adequate preparations.

With this kind of strength and quality, they might as well obediently find an ordinary job to support them in their old age. Why did they have to take things so hard and step into the profession door? Did they think that it was just a normal game, a battle of rules?

“When can the Eye of Heaven synchronize the data?” The person in charge of the vocation assessment, Master Qu Jie, asked.

“It’s being loaded,” the technician replied.

“You’re talking nonsense.”

The other examiners smiled and looked at the screen that connected to the Eye of Heaven silently. On it, the assessment data of every candidate was updated in real time.

At the moment, in the highest record, there were already candidates that have hunted five transcendent-level ferocious beasts.

It was the little girl who had mastered the talent of elemental coordination.

This talent was indeed violent. In terms of output ability, she might be the most outstanding candidate this year.

…

At the moment, Shi Yu was still trying to walk out of the Twilight Forest.

He had a panda on one shoulder and a worm on the other. He walked step by step.

After walking for a long time, Shi Yu fell into deep thought.

Why?

He was a Beast Tamer, why did he have to walk himself?

“Eleven.”

“Huh?”

Eleven, who was on Shi Yu’s shoulder, revealed a lost look.

Moreover, it had a bad feeling.

“Come down and get bigger. Then, get on all fours.”

Eleven:???

What for?

Eleven felt uneasy and didn’t dare to go down.

“I’ve carried you for so long. It’s time for you to carry me, right? If we continue like this, the first one to run out of stamina might be me, the Beast Tamer.” Shi Yu chuckled and said, “Hurry, hurry, hurry. Moreover, I think I’ve found the correct way to use transcendent Level Hardening!”

The pandas in this world, also known as the iron-eating beasts, were different. Unlike on Earth, they were used to walking on two legs, but it wasn’t like they didn’t walk on all fours. At this moment, Shi Yu’s intention was very clear. He wanted Eleven to be his mount for the time being. He wanted to ride the iron-eating beasts like how he rode a horse.

Iron-eating beasts could also be mounts! He should have known that he had actually been an Iron-eating Beast’s mount for so long. This shouldn’t have happened.

Moreover, when he rode the Iron-eating Beast, he would always be in contact. Didn’t the conditions for Beast Tamers to harden the whole time be fulfilled?

Shi Yu carried the messy Eleven down and looked at it seriously.

“Sob!!” Eleven looked conflicted. What about fighting? Why don’t we let Buggy become a dragon and carry us?

Buggy:???

What did it have to do with it? The Beast Tamer clearly wanted to be a Panda Knight, not a Dragon Knight!

Shi Yu said, “I feel that you still have to do it. The insect skills consume too much physical strength. If you do it, the consumption will be like a drop in the ocean. It’s not even 1% of the usual training volume. It won’t affect anything.”

“Just carry me while doing reconnaissance, and using deterrence.”

“The average level of the ferocious beasts on this Island of Trials is not high. It’s not interesting. The enemy can just be left to Buggy. It’s just nice to train it.”

“Ji!” Buggy expressed that it could. This island was the first step in its rise. As the Green Silkworm at the bottom of the food chain in the transcendent world, it was determined to defeat those top-notch predators and nurture its deterrence.

Eleven: Wuu. (艹皿艹)

“Sob.” Seeing that Shi Yu and Buggy were on the same side, Eleven cried. As it cried, she multiplied into a size that could carry Shi Yu.

It was miserable. The Panda King had directly become a mount. Eleven couldn’t say it out loud, but forget it, who knew that its Beast Tamer could come up with this?

“Actually, Go even bigger. Then, I think I can sit on your shoulder… Forget it, that would be too wasteful of energy.” Shi Yu patted the iron-eating beast under him, feeling very pleased.

As for Buggy, it came to Eleven’s head.

“Wuu!!!” Eleven turned around and asked if they could start moving.

“We still have to wait.” Shi Yu looked at the surrounding trees and instructed Buggy, “Cut down a tree and cut a suitable wooden saber for me.”

Buggy was confused.

He was going to start again?

It was doubtful, but it still did as instructed.

Soon, a suitable wooden saber appeared in Shi Yu’s hand. Seeing this, Shi Yu couldn’t help but chuckle and say, “Eleven, harden!”

Buzz!

At that moment, Shi Yu seemed to be wearing invisible armor. At the same time, the wooden saber in his hand had become countless times harder.

Shi Yu cockily made Eleven take two steps forward. He directly swung his saber at the tree beside him. In the next moment, the huge tree split into two and fell.

“I’m invincible. This wave will definitely not fail..”