Chapter 118 - Ancient Capital University Resource Bank

Chapter 118: Ancient Capital University Resource Bank

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

In the huge airship space, the sixteen people stood on the ground and observed each other.

Among them, Shi Yu had only seen Yu Shu and Yin Zhengfan previously.

Shi Yu didn’t know the others.

However, judging from the cleanliness of their clothes and their full spirits, they were definitely the best in this assessment.

Those who could ensure such a state in the field survival for three days were definitely very strong.

Among the sixteen people present, there were twelve men and four women. The ratio was about the same as the male and female participants in the vocation assessment. Shi Yu’s gaze took note of the four girls. After all, who would look at rough men…

Although that was the case, apart from Shi Yu looking at the girls, most of the candidates were still observing Yin Zhengfan, who was only 12 years old. After all, this age was too exaggerated.

“As expected, their strength and looks are on par.” The four female candidates gave Shi Yu a strange feeling. Apart from their looks, they were all pretty good. Perhaps it was due to cultural differences, but the Beast Tamers in this world wore fancy clothes.

For example, among the four girls, one of them was wearing a similar qipao but more like a magician’s robe. The other was wearing a black leather shirt that only covered a small portion of his body, and the other was wearing clothes that looked like ancient wuxia clothes… What the hell?

It was the same on the men’s side. There were also many abnormalities. It was still alright for Yu Shu, who was wearing a black trench coat and a windproof cloak to act cool. Shi Yu even saw a fool wearing metal plate armor. Wasn’t he tired from the weight?

“There aren’t many normal Beast Tamers like me anymore.”

Shi Yu looked at his white panda short-sleeved shirt and black pants and immediately felt that he was more affable to the people. On the other hand, these guys looked like they had come out of a cartoon.

“Or are these guys’ clothes made of special materials that can be used to increase attributes?”

The clothes in this world were also very particular. For example, the worm silk of the Green Silkworm could be used in the field of clothing to create clothes with many special effects. However, Shi Yu didn’t even have enough money to eat and drink, so he didn’t pay much attention to some brands with equipment.

His clothes seemed to be a gift from Bamboo Stone Dojo…

“Firstly, congratulations on passing this vocation assessment and officially becoming a professional Beast Tamer. You have stepped into the door of the vocation field.”

When the 16 people wondered why they had appeared here, a middle-aged examiner in a formal suit walked out of the cabin door and smiled at the crowd.

“Hello, I’m the overall in-charge of this vocation assessment, Qu Xie.”

Master Qu Jie?

1

Everyone immediately recognized this person from his name. Qu Jie, a top-level professional Beast Tamer.

Only when one’s Beast Taming Space reached level six would they have the chance to enjoy this top-notch master honor.

It was still alright if the Beast Taming Space was from level one to three. As long as the Beast Tamer worked hard, he could accumulate it with time.

However, after the Beast Taming Space reached level three, it was not so easy to improve. Talent, cultivation resources, and feedback from the upgrade of his pet could not fall behind.

Therefore, the level-six Beast Taming Space was already a very high level.

After that, it would be a Legendary-level person that could control overlord-level creatures.

“Master Qu Jie.” A portion of the candidates greeted. A portion of the candidates didn’t say anything and continued waiting for Qu Jie to speak.

Master Qu Jie smiled and said, “Among you, probably no one plans to give up the fourth ranking competition, right?”

“No.” Everyone shook their heads. Although they were already professional Beast Tamers after passing the third round, they all knew that the fourth round’s ranking assessment was the most important.

This final assessment could determine their ranking in abilities among the new batch of professional Beast Tamers. It could decide their fate in the future!

“If not, then congratulations to the sixteen of you again for becoming key seed candidates for this year’s assessment. According to your performance in the Wilderness Survival Trials, you have an additional point policy. You can skip the assessment ranking segment and directly enter the final ranking elimination battle.”

“A total of 784 Beast Tamers passed the third assessment this time. It can also be said that you’re internally confirmed to be in the top 32. You don’t have to compete with most of the candidates anymore.”

Master Qu Jie smiled. This was preferential treatment for these 16 people, and also a form of protection for the other candidates.

Upon hearing that, Yu Shu, Miao Dongdong, and the others nodded. There was no surprise.

They were sufficiently confident in their strength. If they participated in the assessment ranking segment, facing ordinary candidates, it was tantamount to a massacre. It was also good to directly start the competition from the top 32.

The 16 of them observed each other again and understood that the people around them were their real competitors.

“Alright, in the next three days, you guys can relax and rest. You can come and watch the subsequent assessment if you want, or you can choose not to come. Apart from that, there’s also one more thing. The battle scenes of the sixteen of you in the field survival assessment will be edited as a promotional video for this Ancient Capital vocation assessment. This is also a proof that you can become key seeded candidates. There’s no problem, right?”

“No,” the strangely dressed crowd said calmly. Instead, they were looking forward to this opportunity to appear on TV.

What was this crap…!

Shi Yu also subconsciously said that there was no problem since everyone did, but his heart skipped a beat when he suddenly realized that Master Qu Jie was looking at him strangely.

Holy shit, wait, what did he just say?

Promotional video??

“…” Shi Yu recalled what he had done in the wilderness survival trial and his expression immediately darkened.

No way?

Just now, Shi Yu had even said that these guys in strange clothes were stupid. Now, he realized that he was the stupid one.

Shi Yu wanted to say something but hesitated. At this moment, Master Qu Jie hurriedly coughed dryly and said, “In that case, sit down. You should be able to reach the second airport in a minute. Just remember to pay attention to the assessment information later.”

With that, he quickly turned and left…

He couldn’t give Shi Yu a chance to refuse. It turned out that Beast Tamers could still play around with so much skill. When Shi Yu became a legendary Beast Tamer in the future, this promotional video would be the dark history of his youth. As the main examiner of this batch, he might be able to gain some fame with this… Pfft.

1

…

Not long after Master Qu Jie left, the airship shook. It looked like he had arrived at his destination. His speed was very fast.

The sixteen key seeded candidates were not very familiar with each other. There was no conversation during the entire process.

Shi Yu wanted to go to Yu Shu’s side and ask him how to use the Dragon Soul Grass, but when he thought about how this would agitate Yu Shu and also lose the friendship of this future great Dragon Tamer like losing Yin Zhengfan, he decided to forget it.

He would talk about it after returning to school.

After arriving at the destination, everyone quietly got off the cruiser. However, at this moment, the second airport was noisy. After all, thousands of candidates had arrived and landed here at the same time.

At the moment, most of the candidates still didn’t know the situation of their assessment results. Those candidates who completed the assessment mission were alright, but those who couldn’t complete the assessment mission and planned to bet on their points ranking were still very nervous.

“I’ll leave first.” After Shi Yu came down, he smiled and waved at Yu Shu and Yin Zhengfan.

The other thirteen candidates glanced at Shi Yu slightly. Yu Shu turned his head unhappily and ignored Shi Yu. As for Yin Zhengfan, after a moment of silence, he said politely, “I’ll see you in the ranking battle.”

Shi Yu nodded and didn’t stay long. He immediately left because someone was picking him up… He opened his cell phone and saw a message.

There was also a picture attached to the message. The picture showed Senior Panda’s location. Just like the last time he came to Ancient Capital, after Shi Yu completed the Wilderness Survival Trial, Senior Panda replaced the archeological Seven Elites to fetch Shi Yu.

“Where is it…”

Shi Yu walked out of the airport almost immediately. However, because of this, before the car could be found, he was stopped by a two-man reporter team who was waiting for him.

It was a man and a woman. The man wore a blue hat and carried a huge camera as he attacked Shi Yu. The reporter lady held a red microphone warmly and asked, “Hello, handsome. We are reporters from Phoenix TV Station. May I ask…”

“The assessment is very smooth. I think it’s not difficult. I’m very confident in the upcoming ranking battle. Thank you for your blessings and I wish you success in your work.” Shi Yu didn’t wait for the reporter lady to finish asking. He didn’t want to waste time on the interview. Under the confused expressions of the two, he quickly passed them and the crowd.

The reporter was speechless.

You’ve already answered it, what else do I have to ask?

“So uncooperative. To think I even chose the most handsome one for the interview,” she said indignantly.

“Delete this part… it’s useless.”

1

…

“Beep… Beep…”

“Over here!!”

After Shi Yu passed through the crowd, he finally discovered the panda senior who had her window open and was waving at him.

Shi Yu smiled and quickly walked over. He opened the car door and sat down in relief.

“Phew—” After getting into the car, Shi Yu felt the cold wind and the fragrance drifting in the car. He immediately felt relieved.

It was still more comfortable to sit in a car. As expected of human intelligence. It was more comfortable than a panda mount, though Eleven was more unique.

Eleven in the Taming space:???

“How is it?” At this moment, in the driver’s seat, Panda Sister was wearing large black sunglasses. She smiled and asked.

“The research institute has prepared a celebration dinner for you. Don’t say that you failed the exam.”

Shi Yu smiled and said, “How could that be? Moreover, I seem to have become some key seed candidate. I can directly enter the top 32 without participating in the complicated competitions before the ranking battle.”

“Really??” The panda senior was slightly surprised. “This means that your performance in the comprehensive evaluation of the assessment committee is ranked in the top 16! Not bad!”

Although Shi Yu’s basic test results were very good, the second pet was a Green silkworm after all. Everyone was quite worried at first.

From the looks of it, Eleven was very impressive this time?!

Little did the panda senior know that the MVP for this battle was Shi Yu himself… Eleven and Buggy were support teams.

After the car started, the panda senior asked questions as she drove.

Shi Yu also asked.

“Any progress recently?”

It referred to research related to the evolution of iron-eating beasts.

The panda senior said, “It’s basically done, so we have to quickly confirm the name of the iron-eating beast’s evolution form. Also… Master Guo gave us his training cultivation manual.”

Currently, there were a total of three Iron-eating Beasts in the country that had completed their evolution. Master Guo was one of them.

He was talented. He had once developed a skill training manual that quickly increased the proficiency of the Iron-eating Beast. Because of this, his Iron-eating Beast’s hardening skill had reached transcendent.

At that moment, he gave this secret manual to the research institute. Senior Panda and the archeological seven elites in the Iron-eating Beast Institution were preparing to combine this training secret manual to study the method to quickly increase the Iron-eating Beast’s hardening proficiency.

After all, if it were to train normally, it would be very difficult for the Iron-eating Beast to train hardening to expert level in a year. It would also be very difficult for it to reach transcendent level in 20 years, causing the Iron-eating Beast’s evolution threshold to be too high.

Therefore, the training method to increase proficiency had to be studied in detail in the future. This could indirectly increase the status and value of the iron-eating beasts.

“Oh, oh.” Shi Yu didn’t mind. It was an efficient training method to increase proficiency. He wasn’t interested. It couldn’t be faster than his points method anyway.

However, the tribe represented by the iron-eating beast ruins should have similar training methods. Otherwise, it was difficult to imagine that dozens to hundreds of iron-eating beasts would simultaneously have racial skills above transcendent.

Well… In short, he still couldn’t help with this research. He could only cheer on Senior Panda and the others.

On the other hand, when he was free, he could use the skill index to study the training method to quickly increase various skill proficiency in reverse. As for now… he wasn’t free, leveling up was more important.

“By the way, you just said that the harvest was not small?” the panda senior asked curiously.

“Yes, I obtained some rare resources. By the way, Senior, is there anywhere suitable to sell things?” Shi Yu recalled the messy pile of low-level resources in the ruins pearl and the ice-element energy crystal. He decided to find a place to pack and sell them.

As for the Ethereal Spirit Stone, he definitely had to keep it first. After all, using this thing to assist in cultivation was quite fast. Just like supplements, it was also an indispensable resource.

“Let me think…”

“Why don’t you try contacting Chief Li?”

Senior Panda suggested, “If you’re a student of Ancient Capital University, you can actually participate in training activities frequently. The resources obtained by secondary school students during training activities are purchased at a slightly higher price than the market price. In addition, the school also buys resources obtained by students from other channels according to the market price. You can exchange it for money and credits.”

“Then, similarly, students can also use credits below the market price to exchange for various resources. In short, it’s very cost-effective. Although you’re not a student of Ancient Capital University, if it’s you, I feel that you can definitely use connections to get a taste.”

When Lin Xiuzhu thought of how Shi Yu could become the in-charge of the Iron-eating Beast Ruins, she immediately knew in her heart that he definitely had an indescribable relationship with Ancient Capital University! Then he should directly sell it to the university!

“Is that so? I’ll ask later.”

Shi Yu nodded. Famous schools were still better. They would try their best to let students take advantage of them. No wonder it was said that schools were the best place for Beast Tamers to grow up. The association’s education fees were several trillion yuan a year, and this was also the reason why the major schools in Dong Huang dared to continuously give students benefits.

Soon, Sister Panda brought Shi Yu back to the research institute.

It couldn’t be more coincidental that at this moment, the archeological seven elites were cautiously welcoming their Mentor Ding and Director Li.

The two of them also knew the future of their archeology specialization. Shi Yu, the hope of their archeology specialization, had just passed the vocation assessment today and immediately came to greet them.

“Director Li, Mentor Ding?” Shi Yu was surprised. Alright, it saved him the trouble of looking for them. He just had to ask them here.

“Student Shiyu, the assessment went smoothly, right?” The slightly plump Director Li said with a smile, his face filled with joy.

“It went smoothly.” Shi Yu smiled.

After the three of them finished exchanging pleasantries, the Seven Elites politely invited them to stay for dinner. When Director Li and Mentor Ding saw that the food was sumptuous, better than the canteen, they directly took it seriously.

This… The archeological Seven Elites were very confused. They ordered a table of high-level take-out and even invited a famous chef to cook. With this, in addition to the teachers coming over to eat and drink, the amount of food they could eat instantly decreased again. They were teary-eyed. They just didn’t know how many exam points they could get with one meal…

In the research institute, Shi Yu began to ask about what Senior Panda had said.

“Of course.” When Director Li heard that, he immediately laughed. Such a small matter was not worth mentioning.

“Looks like you’ve really gained a lot. Well, I’ll tell the resource bank later. You can go directly to exchange it then.”

“Thank you, Director Li,” Shi Yu thanked.

Then, Shi Yu asked curiously,

“By the way, what’s the highest level of resources in our school’s resource bank? Are there any resources with spatial attributes?”

The website that Granny Lu gave him was actually not very rich in resources. It was just a shopping website that some professional Beast Tamers often used. It had a very good reputation, was very fast in logistics, and was very safe. In terms of resources, it might not be as rich as the Ancient Capital University. For example, the website was often short on Ethereal Stones.

Shi Yu searched for insect evolution materials and was not very satisfied.

“There’s everything you need. Even if it’s a time department resource, it’s not like we haven’t had it before.” Chief Physician Li smiled and said, “As for the level of the resource, it’s at most level seven.”

“Well, the types of resources in the school’s resource bank can be seen from the school’s official website. You can borrow their account to take a look.” Director Li pointed at the group of foodies.

At the dining table, some archeological elites stuffed themselves with food. Using the name of the celebration banquet, they ordered many delicacies that they normally couldn’t bear to eat, such as 100,000 pots of lobster with weak dragon blood. They had to eat more.

“Use my account. Although I’ve graduated, I think I can still enter,” Lin Xiuzhu said after picking up a steamed bun.

“Alright.” Shi Yu nodded.

Following that, Shi Yu ate while looking forward to it. He hoped that there were suitable evolution materials in the Ancient Capital University’s resource bank.

School started in February at Ancient Capital University. At that time, he would be a new student of Ancient Capital University. If the vocation assessment ranking was high and really gave a large sum of credits, then maybe next month, he could let Buggy try to turn into a cocoon!!!

…

After dinner, Director Li and Mentor Ding left.

During the lunch break, everyone went back. Shi Yu got Sister Panda’s account and ran to the room to study it.

After Shi Yu entered the resources interface of the Ancient Capital University’s official website, he immediately searched for the resources he needed.

Screening Search: [Space] [Spirit]

Order: [Level Descending Order]

Shi Yu rubbed his hands in anticipation.

At the next moment, the page was updated.

[Name]: Nine-Tailed Illusion Fox Heart

[Attributes]: Spirit

[Level]: Level-seven resource

[Main Use Introduction]: The heart crystal of a quasi overlord-level creature, the Nine-Tailed Illusion Fox. The Nine-Tailed Illusion Fox is good at illusions. Its heart crystal is mainly used to strengthen the talent in pet illusions… (Click on all of them)

[Exchange Price]: 15,000 credits

[Remaining Number]: 1

[Name]: Tears of the Void

[Attributes]: Space

< Level > Level 6 Resources

[Main Use Introduction]: The eye of the Worm of Void that lives in spatial cracks. It’s used to increase the affinity of the pet space… (Click it all)

[Exchange Price]: 18,000 credits

[Remaining Number]: 2

Shi Yu was silent.

Alright, the resources were indeed rich and the quality was also strong, but damn, it was so expensive. Based on the ratio of credits and money, it was over 100 million!!

“But it doesn’t seem to be very compatible with its cultivation path of illusions. The level isn’t important, the compatibility is the most important. In any case, Buggy can’t completely absorb such high-level evolution material. It’s a waste. Let’s look at other things.”

The growth level and resource level of the pet were actually corresponding, representing the absorption effect. It didn’t necessarily mean that the higher the evolution ingredient level, the better. It would overflow with a lot of energy or burst the pet, so compatibility was the most important. Shi Yu comforted himself mentally.

[Level-seven Spirit Gem], [Space Splitting Grass], [Dream Fruit], [Mirror Stone]…

Next, Shi Yu started picking them one by one. Damn it, damn it. The more he picked, the angrier he got. He wanted all of them, but he didn’t have money.

…

In the afternoon, under the guidance of the panda senior, Shi Yu arrived at the resources bank of Ancient Capital University. He planned to sell the resources first before thinking of buying anything. He smiled in anticipation.

Director Li had already contacted him, and Shi Yu did not delay. After all, there were many resources in the ruins that were unsuitable for prolonged storage. It was better to take action as soon as possible.

On the clean streets of the school, Senior Panda walked in front with Shi Yu beside her. Suddenly, Senior Panda seemed to have thought of something and exhorted, “Shi Yu, be polite later.”

“Oh, the teacher in charge of the resource bank is very strong?” Shi Yu could not help but be curious when he saw Sister Panda reminding him.

Senior Panda crossed her arms and frowned. “Indeed very strong.”

“Top-notch master?”

“It’s higher than that.”

“Legendary-level?” Shi Yu stopped in his tracks. No way.

How many treasures were there in the resource warehouse of Ancient Capital University that a legendary Beast Tamer had to watch over?

But even if they didn’t have those treasures, would anyone dare to rob them?

It was not a big deal for a legendary Beast Tamer to be a principal. But it was too generous to manage a warehouse…

“Not really.”

The panda senior smiled and said, “It’s an overlord.”