Chapter 113 - Evolution Countdown

Chapter 113: Evolution Countdown

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“May I help you?”

The candidate of the Spatial Crystal Butterfly looked up in Shi Yu’s direction.

Then, there was a slight silence.

Because the appearance of the person was a little strange, no, very strange.

On the mountaintop, Shi Yu and Buggy were riding the Iron-eating Beast. Shi Yu even held a wooden sword. This shape made the twelve-year-old boy a little confused, but he felt that it was awesome.

So handsome…

“Hello.”

Shi Yu patted Eleven and smiled as if he was a good person.

During the process of coming down, he looked at Yin Zhengfan, who had straight hair like a girl’s head. He was clearly a boy, but he was even more delicate than a girl. His smile was even wider.

He looked like a polite and obedient child. Perhaps stealing the butterfly’s skills would go smoothly?

“Wuu.” Soon, Eleven carried Shi Yu down.

Shi Yu and Eleven were alright, but Buggy looked at the Spatial Crystal Butterfly flying back to the young man in admiration.

So powerful.

And so handsome.

What would it look like after it evolved?

“Are you Yin Zhengfan?”

“The candidate who’s first in the basic test.” After Shi Yu got down, he got down from Eleven and looked at the other party.

In the face of Shi Yu and the others’ questions, Yin Zhengfan’s expression did not change. He nodded and said, “It’s me.”

“As expected, it’s you! You can participate in the vocation assessment at the age of 12. Impressive. I was still playing with mud at your age,” Shi Yu first said what the other party might like to hear.

“Thank you. I actually have a lot to learn.” Yin Zhengfan.

“By the way, my name is Shi Yu…”

“Hello.” Yin Zhengfan nodded, thinking that Shi Yu definitely had something to do.

“Well, I heard you contracted a pet of a monarch’s race. I didn’t expect you to have a Spatial Crystal Butterfly…” Shi Yu looked at the Spatial Crystal Butterfly and asked curiously,” Can I ask you a question? “

“When the Crystal Butterfly evolved, what did it use to break out of the cocoon?”

“Did it rely on Concealment to directly ignore the cocoon and come out, or did it rely on Instant Transmission to directly teleport out, or should I say, space shackles?”

“There’s no other meaning. As you can see, I’ve also contracted a Green Silkworm and want to nurture it in the direction of the spatial system, so I’m more curious.” Shi Yu revealed a bright and warm smile.

Yin Zhengfan looked at the bugs on Eleven’s head.

Want to nurture it in the direction of space?

Shi Yu had an evolution plan?

If there was, why would he ask such a question?

However, Yin Zhengfan still answered, “Relying on spatial shackles.”

The cocoon could be seen as a sealed space. The Spatial Crystal Butterfly spreading its wings inside caused spatial fluctuations. Whether it could shatter the cocoon determined whether it could evolve perfectly.

And Concealment and Instant Transmission were racial skills that could only be awakened after breaking through the cocoon.

“Is there anything else?” After a simple explanation, Yin Zhengfan, who didn’t look like a young genius, asked again.

“There’s one more.” Shi Yu hurriedly said, “I heard that the Instant Transmission skill can also carry people. Can you let me and my Green Silkworm experience it? Of course, it’s not a wasted experience. We will pay you.”

“Because I want it to evolve into a spatial system, we’re more curious about the experience of spatial movement skills.”

Instant Transmission could carry people and move together, but without reaching transcendent level Instant Transmission, it could only teleport with the carrier!

Shi Yu wanted to use this method to come into contact with the Spatial Crystal Butterfly.

Yin Zhengfan showed a troubled expression.

“Carrying someone in Instant Transmission should consume a lot of physical energy, right? I can use this as a reward.” Shi Yu took out an Ethereal Stone.

The Beast Taming Spatial Strengthening Talent was a money-sucking business. It urgently lacked spatial-type resources. Shi Yu knew this. A piece of Ethereal Stone for a Teleportation Experience Card. This was a very good deal, right!

“Ethereal Spirit Stone…” As expected, Yin Zhengfan’s gaze was attracted by the Ethereal Spirit Stone.

It was indeed as Shi Yu had imagined. This talent to increase the level of space was very difficult. Cultivation resources like the Ethereal Spirit Stone were almost necessary.

Yin Zhengfan completely didn’t expect that Shi Yu would take out an Ethereal Stone worth millions as a reward for one experience. From the looks of it, he was very sincere…

However, Yin Zhengfan’s next words made Shi Yu’s heart skip a beat.

“I don’t want to.”

Shi Yu: “?”

This damn child, didn’t he know to feel sorry for his legendary father? He can’t always let his father provide cultivation resources. It’s time to learn to earn it himself!

“This is too expensive.”

“I don’t want your Ethereal Stone. I can let the Spatial Crystal Butterfly give you a taste of Instant Transmission, but I have a condition.” Yin Zhengfan looked at the iron-eating beast beside Shi Yu.

“I’ve also heard of you guys. Shi Yu, Iron-eating Beast, basic test energy level 3186. Can you let it fight my Spatial Crystal Butterfly?”

Compared to the Ethereal Spirit Stone, Yin Zhengfan was more interested in the combination of Shi Yu and the Iron-eating Beast.

The reason why he came to participate in the vocation assessment at this age was to train himself. Because if he waited until he was a little older, the vocation assessment would be completely free of pressure for him.

His goal was to surpass his father and climb to the highest level, so he wasn’t prepared to let go of any opportunity to improve himself. He might not necessarily have a chance to encounter Shi Yu in the next ranking battle, so it was better to challenge a candidate with pretty good strength now.

“Let the Spatial Crystal Butterfly fight my Iron-eating Beast?” Shi Yu was slightly stunned. “That’s simple.”

“Alright,” Yin Zhengfan said gently.

But soon, Yin Zhengfan fell silent and had a worry.

If they fought now and defeated Shi Yu’s Iron-eating Beast, would it affect Shi Yu’s subsequent assessment?

He didn’t mind. After all, no matter how the Spatial Crystal Butterfly was exhausted, there was still a pet of a monarch species. However, apart from an Iron-eating Beast, Shi Yu seemed to only have one Green silkworm with combat power close to zero.

“The battle will be in three days. When the assessment is about to end, I’ll wait for you here,” Yin Zhengfan said after thinking about it.

Three days later?

“Alright.” Shi Yu nodded again. After a few seconds, he deduced what the other party was thinking.

Good child.

This Yin Zhengfan seemed to have decided to postpone the battle in order to not affect his assessment.

Shi Yu recalled how he had fought with his friends for the TV remote control at the orphanage when he was 12 years old. He felt that it was completely incomparable. A good upbringing was really important.

“Then three days later.”

Although he felt that the battle now wouldn’t affect anything, Shi Yu still nodded in agreement.

At that moment, as Shi Yu finished speaking, Yin Zhengfan nodded. His Spatial Crystal Butterfly immediately waved its transparent water-like wings and slowly flew towards Shi Yu.

“Buggy,” Shi Yu called out to Buggy, who immediately climbed onto Shi Yu’s shoulder with a “Ji, Ji, Ji”.

Apart from secretly learning skills, Shi Yu indeed had the intention of letting Buggy experience spatial movement skills in advance.

Perhaps it could increase the affinity of Buggy and the spatial element.

At the same time, Eleven was stunned.

“What about me?”

These guys went to experience Instant Transmission, what about Eleven?!

“Wuu!!” Eleven immediately shrunk back to a size smaller than a worm. It pulled Shi Yu’s pants and climbed onto Shi Yu’s shoulder.

It planned to experience it together.

This scene stunned Yin Zhengfan across from him.

Multiplication?

An iron-eating beast that could multiply?

Yin Zhengfan fell into deep thought. Forget it, a transcendent-level Iron-eating Beast with more than 3100 energy points was already very unscientific in itself, so it was fine if it could multiply.

As expected, just as his father said, the world was very big. There were all kinds of Beast Tamers and pets.

And if he wanted to become the strongest Beast Tamer, he had to meet different people and beasts one by one and defeat them!

Yin Zhengfan gradually revealed an imperceptible solemn gaze.

“Then, I’ll be troubling you.”

At this moment, on the other side, Shi Yu stretched out his hand, indicating for the Spatial Crystal Butterfly to come into contact with his hand. At the same time, he activated his telepathy and said to the Spatial Crystal Butterfly.

“Mimi??”

Shi Yu could also communicate with it. Clearly, this Spatial Crystal Butterfly did not expect this. It nodded slightly and responded politely like its owner, landing in Shi Yu’s hand.

It was difficult to imagine that such a Spatial Crystal Butterfly had instantly killed nine ferocious and fatal killing bees just now.

At this moment, the Spatial Crystal Butterfly landed. Shi Yu activated the skill index at the same time.

[Confirm recording]

Skill: Teleport

Skill: Concealment

Skill: Space Shackles

Status: Can be taught

Shi Yu copied three high-level spatial skills in one go, and there were only two more skill slots left.

At the same time, he turned to look at Buggy on his shoulder.

All of them could be taught.

This was related to the Buggy’s full-level spatial-element Worm Silk and the fact that it had already mastered the spatial skill, Phantom Illusion.

It could now be considered a halfway spatial Green Silkworm.

In comparison, Eleven didn’t have any spatial talent at the moment. Apart from its main metal attribute, its thunder attribute talent was pretty good. After all, it quickly comprehended the Thunder Palm.

After the replication was completed, Shi Yu looked fine on the surface, but his heart had already bloomed like a flower.

Alright, there were four spatial skills. At the same time, the spatial shackles and illusions could be used to break out of the cocoon. The preparation of the skills before the evolution of the worm was almost completed.

Of course, like deterrence and multiplication, he could also teach it to Buggy in the future. It was also a pretty good way to use deterrence points to increase the bugs’ mental attributes.

After these skill points reached proficiency level and above, it would be best if the Perfect level guaranteed that they could break out of the cocoon 100%. Next, Shi Yu only needed to prepare the corresponding spiritual and spatial evolution materials before he could let Buggy try to evolve.

Because their evolution method was relatively unique, there was no need to consider a specific evolution ingredient formula for the DIY evolution path at all. They just needed to find rare materials with corresponding attributes.

At the moment, Shi Yu had already made plans.

He had obtained a pretty good ranking in the vocation assessment. After entering the Ancient Capital University, if there were resources reward, he planned to use the Ancient Capital University as a platform to find spatial evolution materials.

As for Eleven’s evolution materials, Shi Yu felt that after the Iron-eating Beast Evolution Theory was announced, as a Beast Tamer who had discovered the Iron-eating Beast’s evolution method, it shouldn’t be difficult for him to obtain them. He might even be able to get a very large convenience and discount!

At the thought of this, Shi Yu immediately felt that the two pets under him had the potential to become overlords of their species.

Evolution was just around the corner.

…

At the same time, on the professional assessment committee’s side, the nine examiners finally had the video data synchronized with the Eye of Heaven.

Due to the huge amount of calculations, they had to update the assessment mission progress in real time and calculate the points of more than 6,000 candidates. They wanted to rescue the candidates at the first moment after they decided to give up the assessment. Only now did the Eye of Heaven upload some video information to the examiners.

At this moment, the nine examiners had also waited for a long time. After all, they still had to combine this assessment to choose 16 key seed candidates.

How to let these candidates perfectly display their strength and potential in the ranking battle was something they needed to consider in the future.

At the current assessment mission progress, no candidate had completed two missions. However, in terms of points, there were already candidates with 16 points. It was equivalent to hunting 16 transcendent creatures.

“It’s Yin Zhengfan…”

The examiners watched the replay data of Yin Zhengfan’s video. Then, they saw the process of Yin Zhengfan bringing the Spatial Crystal Butterfly to instantly kill transcendent-level creatures, including the scene of the Spatial Crystal Butterfly 1VS9 instantly killing nine transcendent-level Killer Bees.

All the examiners’ gazes were stunned, feeling that it was ridiculous. They didn’t expect that Yin Zhengfan actually had a Quasi Monarch Race’s Spatial Crystal Butterfly!

He felt that there were very few candidates who could face his Zonyan Rock Beast and the Spatial Crystal Butterfly at the same time…

“If Legend Yin’s son really takes first place in the end, there’s nothing bad about it,” the master examiners said after a moment of silence. In any case, they were all Ancient Capital people. It was the age that might agitate the other candidates…

Then, they watched the replay of Zhang Qianyi’s battle video, which was currently second in points.

In the video, a black cloud followed beside a woman. The black thundercloud blew gently, and a high-level skill, Storm, and another high-level skill, Thundercloud Lightning, formed a combination skill that was several meters in size. It directly killed the five transcendent Rock Wolves in front of them.

In terms of the visual impact and real damage caused by skills, this one was better. High-level skills with different attributes were actually casually combined. This combination skill was probably the highest among this batch of candidates.

Whether it was Yin Zhengfan or Zhang Qianyi, the current situation was all easily crushing the ferocious beasts they encountered.

All the examiners nodded and gave high recognition.

Then, they began to look at the current performance of the candidates one by one according to the results of the first basic test. Although the performance of the third candidate, Miao Dongdong, was inferior to the first two, he had a parasitic Gu that parasitized the Emerald Tree Python. Similarly, no matter what transcendent-level ferocious beast they encountered, they would end it with an instant kill.

Overall, their performance was indeed worthy of their basic test results.

Then, as the examiners looked at Shi Yu’s current video data, they fell silent collectively.

The first transcendent creature Shi Yu hunted was the Dark Poison Python.

In the scene that the examiners could see, Shi Yu was leisurely leaning against a tree. On his shoulder was a super small Iron-Eating Beast and a Green Silkworm…

“Why is that Iron-eating Beast so small? It doesn’t match the basic test data at all.”

“Multiplication, I heard that one of the racial skills of the Iron-eating Beast in its evolution form is Multiplication. Could it be that Shi Yu, this little Iron-eating Beast, has comprehended Multiplication?”

“It’s possible…”

“But what’s with that green worm…”

Everyone looked at the video again.

In the video, the Dark Poison Python in front of Shi Yu and the others wanted to swallow the Darklight Grass in one bite. At this moment, the Dark Poison Python was stunned. Then, its body exploded into pieces…

It was extremely sudden!

“What’s going on!!”

The examiners were stunned. Because during the broadcast just now, they didn’t see Shi Yu and the others attack at all!

The Dark Poison Python directly died for no reason!

The examiner, Master Qu Jie, had an extremely serious expression. As he chose to replay it, he said, “Look carefully.”

The video was continuously paused. The scene before and after the Dark-striped Poison Python was insta-killed was fixed on Eleven and Buggy’s expressions and movements.

At a certain moment, Eleven’s pupils suddenly constricted, and its expression was extremely dignified. A nearly corporeal spiritual wave that was difficult to see swept over.

The worm didn’t seem to make a move, but its mouth clearly had a standard silk spitting action. However, the worm silk that it spat out was transparent.

Everyone looked back and realized that Shi Yu and the others had indeed made a move… However, the process of making a move shocked the examiners.

“That’s… deterrence?”

The examiners’ expressions were incomparably shocked. They didn’t expect that Shi Yu’s Iron-eating Beast would actually awaken its deterrence in advance. However, this was still alright. What shocked them the most was that the Dark Stripe Poison Python was actually killed by the green worm’s silk!

“transparent worm silk, even if it’s a perfect-grade worm silk, it won’t have any obvious properties… It’s all invisible.” The head of the assessment, Master Qu Jie, watched the video in silence.

Through his words, everyone analyzed the implied meaning.

Transcendent level Worm Silk…????

How was this possible?

The masters were shocked, even more so than when they saw the spatial crystal butterfly.

In Dong Huang, the second silkworm that had grasped the transcendent level of Worm Silk had appeared?

“Not only that,” Master Qu Xie said in an incomprehensible tone. “Even if it’s a transcendent insect thread or an awakened-level Green Sponge Insect, it’s definitely impossible for them to instantly dismember the Dark Pattern Poison Python with the insect thread.”

“Although the Dark Pattern Poison Python is not a transcendent creature known for its defense, it is still a high-level race. Moreover, its growth level is at the supernatural level. This Green Sponge Insect… The growth level of this Green Silk Worm has probably been nurtured to the transcendent level by that participant!”

As soon as he finished speaking, the meeting room fell silent.

They looked at Shi Yu and the green worm in the video and felt like they had seen an unscientific pair of weirdos.

“Ridiculous.”

“He’s the same as Yin Zhengfan. Not only is his first pet ridiculous, but his other pet is also ridiculous!”

The examiners hurriedly looked at Shi Yu’s next video information. Compared to those head candidates, Shi Yu’s hunting points didn’t seem to be much, but he had completed one assessment mission. They quickly opened it to see Shi Yu’s further performance.

Then…

He saw the scene of a Beast Tamer riding a panda and holding a wooden sword, slashing down the Gale Sparrow with a sword.

His posture and expression made him look like a master who had been immersed in the way of the sword for decades. However, it was a little strange.

Perhaps because the Eye of Heaven had lived for a long time, it even playfully stuck a thumbnail at the side, as if it was giving this scene a thumbs up. This was the first time that the Eye of Heaven, which usually only edited simple videos, had done something like this. That was enough proof of how surprising this whole thing was.

All the teachers :◐▽◑?

This… this… what the hell was this!!!

Why did the scene change so quickly!

There was something wrong with this candidate called Shi Yu…

…

At the moment, ordinary candidates were struggling to survive. They tried their best to choose some weak transcendent creatures to hunt.

A slightly stronger candidate faced the danger calmly and searched for his assessment mission target.

The candidate at the head, on the other hand, arrived at the Island of Trials and went through it as if he were just taking a stroll in his garden.

Apart from that, there were also some candidates with clear goals.

For example, Yu Shu, who had a young Nether Bone Dragon and a dragon soul, seemed to be looking for something.

“I heard that there’s a Dragon-type resource, Dragon Soul Grass, on the Island of Trials. I wonder if it’s true. Where exactly is it…” Yu Shu rode the bone dragon and wandered around with a conflicted expression.

Dragon Soul Grass was a third-level dragon-type and spiritual-type resource, but its value was comparable to other fifth-level resources. This was because it was born from bathing in dragon might. It could allow the deterrence effect of ordinary creatures to be close to that of dragon might. It was also a rare resource that could allow creatures before the monarch level to have a chance to awaken deterrence skills in advance.

This resource was still very attractive to Yu Shu, who was half a Dragon Tamer.

Therefore, at the moment, not every candidate’s goal was missions and points. For example, Shi Yu had completely forgotten about that at this moment and was excitedly experiencing Instant Transmission with Eleven and Buggy.

“Impressive.”

“So handsome.”

“Exciting.”

“Wuu!” “Ji!”

Shi Yu, Eleven, and Buggy kept praising the Spatial Crystal Butterfly that brought them into a flicker.

Due to telepathy, the Spatial Crystal Butterfly could clearly feel the praise of outsiders, and it couldn’t help but maintain a good mood.

“Telepathy talent?” When Yin Zhengfan saw that Shi Yu was playing so happily with his Spatial Crystal Butterfly, he immediately felt that something was strange. He kept feeling like he had missed something… Perhaps it was an illusion..