Chapter 117 - End Of The Survival Trial

Chapter 117: End of the Survival Trial

Two low-level skills, one mid-level skill, two high-level skills, and one super-level skill…

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The Zonyan Rock Beast had a lot of racial skills, and the three highest-level skills were all powerful attack skills.

This was a classic example of a brute.

It looked powerful, and it was indeed powerful when fighting, but it had no replication value at all. The surprise was insufficient.

After all, strong support and swift damage was more of his speed. Shi Yu believed that piling strengthening skills and support skills was the way to go.

For example, Eleven, Hardening was an enhancement skill, while Multiplication was also an enhancement skill. Inner Power was still an enhancement skill. When the time came, wouldn’t all three enhancement skills be a big move?

In comparison, he couldn’t let Eleven learn Lava Explosion, right?

This didn’t match Eleven’s current moves either.

However, although that was the case, Shi Yu still smiled when he saw them.

Beast Tamers had three elements: Beast Tamer level, Beast Tamer talent, and knowledge base.

His own knowledge base included the special, efficient training method for the skills in the secret manuals, and the special cultivation method for pets that included evolution methods.

There were so many pets of the low-level monarch species, but Yin Zhengfan just had to choose a big idiot. He most likely had mastered some cultivation method that was suitable for the Zonyan Rock Beast.

Perhaps there was a super rare racial skill.

This was a treasure boy. He couldn’t be looked at with common sense.

“You guys are here.”

Seeing that Shi Yu and the others had come, Yin Zhengfan was somewhat pleasantly surprised. He jumped down from the rock hand of the Zonyan Rock Beast.

“Sorry to have kept you waiting…”

“This is the Zonyan Rock Beast? Impressive…”

Shi Yu looked at the tall Zonyan Rock Beast and compared it. He felt that his Iron-eating Beast was better. After all, this thing couldn’t do anything other than fight. However, perhaps it was very efficient to send it to mine?

“It’s alright.” Yin Zhengfan also took a look at the Zonyan Rock Beast resting with its eyes narrowed and smiled, leaving it at that.

“Are you ready?”

“Do you guys want to rest?”

He looked at the iron-eating beast that Shi Yu had squeezed into a mount and asked Shi Yu and the others.

Although Yin Zhengfan had been looking forward to this battle for a long time, he didn’t mind waiting a little longer.

“There’s no need.” Shi Yu glanced at the time. It wasn’t far from the end of the assessment. It was better to start as soon as possible.

“I think it can’t wait to fight a space-type opponent too.” Shi Yu patted Eleven beside him.

“Wuu.” Eleven smiled foolishly, revealing battle intent!

Because he had never fought a space-type opponent, Eleven was really a little curious. Its training was not good enough!

…

As the assessment approached the end, the nine master examiners gathered together.

Apart from that, an unexpected guest arrived in the huge mechanical cruiser in the sky above the Island of Trials.

A middle-aged man who looked as stable as a mountain and seemed to be born with the aura of a king arrived.

“Yin Legend…” Master Qu Jie and the others looked at this man and smiled helplessly.

Why was this person here?

“Don’t worry about me.” Yin Zhongrong was expressionless.

How could they not mind?

The nine master examiners muttered in their hearts.

However, even if this didn’t follow the rules, no one dared to say anything.

After all, everyone knew Yin Zhongrong’s legendary personality. He didn’t care about rules in the first place. This Yin Legend whose strength could be ranked among the legendary Beast Tamers only pursued the pinnacle of the Beast Tamer domain. This was what he valued the most.

Apart from that, he cared the most about this son of his. Yin Zhongrong only had a son at the age of 50. He regarded Yin Zhengfan, the child who had inherited his Beast Taming Talent, very highly, and his control of his son was relatively strong. Now, he was most likely here for Yin Zhengfan.

He sat in the cruiser and brewed a cup of tea himself. Then, he said, “Eye of Heaven, I want to see what Yin Zhengfan is doing at the moment.”

The Eye of Heaven paused.

Even the nine master examiners couldn’t order the Eye of Heaven. They could only wait for it to update its data and upload the situation of the candidates.

But at this moment, as Yin Zhongrong finished speaking, the Eye of Heaven immediately obediently grabbed the image according to his orders.

It couldn’t be helped. This was a big boss after all. Even its Beast Tamer was very respectful to Yin Legend. To be precise, it had been beaten up by Yin Legend before, so it was more afraid of this dignified uncle.

“The assessment is almost over. He should be packing his spoils of war now,” said a master.

“How’s his performance these few days?” Yin Zhongrong asked.

Master Qu Jie said, “He completed the three assessment missions perfectly and ranked fourth. It’s mainly because he has been training the Space Crystal Butterfly from the beginning to the end and hasn’t sent the Zonyan Rock Beast to battle.”

Now that the assessment mission was completed, these candidates naturally did not care how many transcendent-level ferocious beasts they had hunted.

The ones who should care were those candidates who had not completed the assessment mission and could only rely on their points ranking to decide whether they could become professional Beast Tamers.

What really concerned these candidates like Yin Legend’s son was the final ranking battle.

“I understand.” Yin Zhongrong closed his eyes slightly and opened them. At this moment, the Eye of Heavenly Silk had already transferred Yin Zhengfan’s current state.

As a new image appeared on the center screen of the cruiser, Yin Zhongrong and all the examiners looked over.

The examiners were stunned.

That was because in the video, Yin Zhengfan was ordering the Space Crystal Butterfly to face Shi Yu’s Iron-eating Beast! It was as if he was preparing to fight!

Holy shit!

The Masters were shocked. What was going on? Why did these two meet?

“Yin Zhengfan and Shi Yu are competing for resources…? No, the surroundings aren’t resource points,” an examiner said in surprise.

“Who is this person?” Yin Zhongrong looked at the scene and asked.

He knew his son’s personality well. Like him, he basically wouldn’t fight opponents he wasn’t interested in.

Master Qu Jie said, “His name is Shi Yu. His basic test results are fourth in this assessment. He’s a genius archeologist.”

archeologist…

Yin Zhongrong looked at the screen quietly.

“Then his strength should be pretty good, right?”

Facing this question, the masters and archeologists looked at each other, not knowing how to answer.

Not only was it not bad, if Yin Zhengfan only planned to use the Crystal Butterfly to fight with that Iron-eating Beast, he would definitely fail!!

He should probably be using the Zonyan Rock Beast!

Maybe they should stop watching…

“Yes… Yes, it’s not bad, and it’s very unscientific. It’s that Iron-eating Beast that got fourth place in the first assessment…”

Iron-eating beast?

Yin Zhongrong was incomparably surprised. However, he still didn’t think that Yin Zhengfan would lose. After all, the racial difference between the Space Crystal Butterfly and the Iron-eating Beast was too big.

…

In the scene, Yin Zhengfan and Shi Yu had already started fighting.

The Space Crystal Butterfly VS Iron-eating Beast!

“Mi ~”

The Space Crystal Butterfly, which had a white body and transparent wings that were as huge as water, slowly flew to an empty place.

Yin Zhengfan walked near it, his eyes shining.

His Space Crystal Butterfly had just evolved and needed training. He hoped that Shi Yu and the Iron-eating Beast in front of him would be pretty good opponents.

“They won’t be weak. We have to be serious!”

Yin Zhengfan thought.

After all, Shi Yu and the others were ranked fourth in the test.

In front of Yin Zhengfan, Eleven stretched its body for a long time. Its gaze was serious as it looked at the Space Crystal Butterfly opposite her.

Shi Yu, on the other hand, observed carefully from afar.

Apart from this pair of pets and a pair of Beast Tamers, the Zonyan Rock Beast not far away, and the Green Silkworm on Shi Yu’s shoulder were also spectators. They sized up the battlefield. Among them, the Green Silkworm was very curious about how much pressure Big Sister Butterfly, who had mastered spatial skills, could give to the leader.

“Ji…”

Buggy let out a low cry. On the other side, a trace of a fierce aura flowed out of Yin Zhengfan’s calm expression. Compared to normal days, he looked like a completely different person in battle.

“Then we’ll go ahead and attack first.”

Yin Zhengfan waved a hand, and the Space Crystal Butterfly’s flying height increased slightly with a “Mi ~”. During this period, its wings flapped, and three crescent-shaped green lights flew out!

Low-level wind-element skill, Wind Blade!

Apart from the three spatial-type racial skills, it also learned the Wind Crystal Butterfly’s racial skills through other methods!

The skill was instantly activated, and the green light condensed. It was an expert level wind blade!

Right now, Yin Zhengfan clearly wanted to use this move to test the iron-eating beast.

“Wuu!!!” On the other hand, Eleven’s battle intent was high.

The wind blade attacked, causing the surrounding airflow to surge crazily. The sound of the wind blade tearing through the air was strong, as if it could cut through metal. Under the strong wind pressure, Eleven, who was standing not far from the Space Crystal Butterfly, trembled quickly, but Eleven’s expression was very determined.

Especially its eyes. When he focused its mind, they were especially bright, as if it had seen another world.

Intermediate spiritual skill, perfect level super vision!

Under the activation of its super vision, the destructive power of the wind blade was clear. Its speed was also infinitely slow in its eyes.

Bang!!!

Eleven hardened its palm and suddenly pinched a wind blade that was coming at it. Immediately, a strong wind surged, and the seemingly ordinary move stopped the blade. However, after Eleven squeezed it, its body instantly cleverly dodged the other two wind blades that were also coming at it, causing the wind blades to miss and almost brush past its body.

“Is it a coincidence, or…”

At this moment, Yin Zhengfan’s pupils constricted.

Not only did he realize that the iron-eating beast had crushed an expert level wind blade, but it was also unscathed.

He also discovered that it actually dodged two of the pincer attacks accurately, neutralizing their testing with almost the least consumption!

This Hardening Proficiency was at least at Perfect Level!

At this moment, Shi Yu’s expression was calm. If Yin Zhengfan wanted to train the Space Crystal Butterfly, it would be meaningless to directly let Eleven unleash his full battle power. He also had the mentality of training Eleven. He didn’t let it throw out all its strength, but planned to win with skill.

In this way, this battle would not be meaningless. It could have training effects on both pets!!

“Battle awareness is not bad.”

At the same time, a round of confrontation made Yin Legend see how extraordinary the iron-eating beast was.

He nodded. Perfect racial skill?

And that exaggerated reaction speed, for the iron-eating beast race, was indeed as those examiners said. It was a little unscientific.

At that moment, when they saw Yin Legend nod calmly, the masters smiled bitterly. This was the beginning of illogical things!

In the scene, Yin Zhengfan and the Space Crystal Butterfly quickly launched a second round of attacks!

“Spatial shackles!”

The wind blades couldn’t affect Eleven, so Yin Zhengfan wasn’t in a hurry.

After all, his original intention was to use the speed of the wind blades to interfere with the iron-eating beast.

The instant cast attribute of the wind blade, together with its extreme speed, was very suitable for harassing opponents before the Space Crystal Butterfly chanted high-level skills.

As expected, while Eleven was fighting the wind blade, the Space Crystal Butterfly accumulated power for three seconds and directly created a spatial domain, locking Eleven inside.

Buzz!

At this moment, Eleven suddenly felt the air flow faster. Suddenly, the surroundings were extremely oppressive.

He felt like he was in another space.

Through its perfect super vision, Eleven could still vaguely see the energy flow of the surrounding space. This move was very strange. As a spatial-type move, it couldn’t be sure if it could forcefully break through the shackles through the combination skill of Hardening and Thunder Palm.

However, there was actually no need to break it at all. This was because the spatial shackles couldn’t directly cause damage. If the Space Crystal Butterfly wanted to deal damage through this move, it had to cause the spatial domain to tremble. Then, it could use the spatial shattering spatial wave to deal damage to the enemy!!

“Mi!!”

As the Space Crystal Butterfly flapped its wings, the space that shackled Eleven started to shake. transparent spider web-like cracks began to appear around it. In the next moment, transparent waves spread towards Eleven!

“Even if it can block with Perfect Level Hardening, it should be greatly affected.”

Yin Zhengfan’s expression was serious. Even if his Zonyan Rock Beast relied on its expert level Rock Transformation and the physique of a monarch race to take this move head-on. It would also be injured.

As for this Iron-eating Beast…

Just as Yin Zhengfan made the judgment, a scene that made him very quiet happened to Eleven.

“Wuu!!”

After the shock wave was formed, Eleven’s expression was serious. The ground under its feet immediately turned black as if it had turned into metal. Then, the black hardening substance was like liquid metal, instantly forming a half-sphere hardening barrier that completely isolated it from the outside world!

Perfect Level Hardening, Release of Hardened Material!

The huge hardening substance didn’t come into contact with Eleven and formed layer after layer of hardening barriers around its body. The shock wave came with a bang, and cracks quickly appeared on the hardening barrier. The solid hemisphere almost shattered, but before the shock wave could continue to pass in, the continuous hardening substance quickly repaired the hemisphere’s barrier and completely dissolved the shock wave. At this moment, Yin Zhengfan’s expression changed drastically.

“How could this be…”

It wasn’t Perfect Level Hardening, but… Transcendent Level!

In the scene, an incomprehensible expression appeared on Yin Zhengfan’s young face.

He completely didn’t expect Shi Yu and the others to actually still have such a trump card.

Seeing this exchange, Yin Legend also showed a serious expression and said, “Transcendent Level Hardening… He’s just a newbie?”

The level of transcendence represented the peak of skill. Even if there were special training methods, cultivation methods, or even if it was a low-level skill, there was no reason for it to appear in the vocation assessment and in such a young person.

“Yes.” The masters actually felt that it was alright, because the 12-year-old Yin Zhengfan was clearly more ridiculous.

When Yin Zhengfan turned 18, who knew if he would already be a young master.

Crack!!!

In the scene, the spatial shackles shattered, and the hardened substance flowed back and disappeared. The Little Iron Eating Beast appeared again.

At this moment, the hardening substance flowed into Eleven’s palm and formed a metal ball the size of a ping pong ball. Eleven squeezed hard, and his super vision locked onto the slightly confused Space Crystal Butterfly not far away and threw it!!

Boom!!!

The hardening ball smashed towards the Space Crystal Butterfly like a cannonball. With Eleven’s power, although it wasn’t as fast as the previous wind blades, it wasn’t slow at all.

“Mi!”

The black meteor smashed over, scaring the Space Crystal Butterfly into immediately disappearing. The hardening ball directly passed through the body of the Space Crystal Butterfly and smashed towards the mountain behind. With a bang, a shattering hole was directly smashed out of the mountain, and countless shattered rocks fell.

The huge sound entered Yin Zhengfan’s heart, making him suddenly raise his head and look at Shi Yu opposite him.

At this moment, Shi Yu had already made a checkmate.

Yin Zhengfan also sensed this.

“I underestimated them…” He understood this, and his heart became extremely heavy. However, he did not plan to give up just like that.

Yin Legend and the examiners watching from the back also sensed this.

The Space Crystal Butterfly’s spatial shackles could not break through the absolute defense of transcendent level.

This meant that the Space Crystal Butterfly couldn’t hurt the Iron-Eating Beast.

And although the Iron-eating Beast also seemed to be unable to cause any damage to the Space Crystal Butterfly, which had Space Concealment and Instant Transmission.

However, these two skills had a very big disadvantage.

In the hidden state, the Space Crystal Butterfly couldn’t use other skills, and the consumption of Instant Transmission was too high.

Could it be that it was going to become a battle of attrition between the Space Crystal Butterfly and the Iron-eating Beast?

A battle of attrition was definitely not a good choice for the Space Crystal Butterfly.

Sweat dripped from Yin Zhengfan’s forehead as he sensed the extremely strong pressure from his opponent.

“Is he going to lose?” Yin Legend held the cup tightly and continued to stare at the screen.

At this moment, apart from the Eye of Heaven, no one knew that the Space Crystal Butterfly was facing the combination of Transcendent Level Hardening and Perfect Level super vision!

In a sense, this was also a profundity!

In the video, the battle between the two continued.

Under the lock-on of the perfect level super vision, the Space Crystal Butterfly had just retreated from its hidden state for half a second…

Bang!

Eleven threw out the hardened substance that had condensed into a ball with one hand and forced the Space Crystal Butterfly to teleport in a hurry…

In the next second, just as the figure of the Space Crystal Butterfly appeared after it teleported, another black meteor attacked. The Space Crystal Butterfly was forced to enter the hidden state to dodge again!

In the arena, Eleven, who was facing the Space Crystal Butterfly, was slightly calm. It was suppressing his opponent the whole time.

The Space Crystal Butterfly needed three seconds to cast the spatial shackle that posed a threat to it. During this period, it was enough to counterattack.

It only relied on Hardening and supervision skills.

Shi Yu’s expression remained unchanged. So, could the Space Crystal Butterfly force Eleven to use its third skill?

“Ji…” The green worm cried as if it had seen its future.

On the other side, Yin Zhengfan stared fixedly at the changing situation, his brain continuously seeking ways to break out of the situation.

However, he could only sense the pressure from Shi Yu and the Little Iron Eating Beast growing stronger.

Under the reconnaissance and locking of perfect-grade super vision, even if the Space Crystal Butterfly had the spatial element, it seemed to have plunged it into an endless abyss.

The more he struggled, the deeper he sank. He couldn’t escape from the huge hand high above.

This wasn’t a suppression of attributes, nor was it a suppression of strength, but a suppression of skills. It relied on the high proficiency of the skill to look down on the opponent.

The Space Crystal Butterfly, which had just evolved and wasn’t proficient in its skills yet, was like a child compared to the little Metal-eating Beast that had trained its skills to the peak.

“This candidate…”

Upon seeing this, Yin Legend felt that there was no need to continue watching.

He said, “Eye of Heaven, in addition to hardening, that Iron-eating Beast probably also used a skill that can lock onto the enemy.”

It answered Yin Legend Zhongrong through the form of the subtitles.

Mid-level spiritual skill, super vision.

Although it wasn’t as good as its Heavenly Eye, it was still a pretty good skill.

Most importantly, the super vision development of this Iron-eating Beast was ridiculously high.

…

A few minutes later.

The Space Crystal Butterfly finally couldn’t hold on anymore. It couldn’t withstand the pressure and its physical fitness was exhausted.

Shi Yu and Eleven didn’t continue attacking because Eleven had always been in control of how much energy the Space Crystal Butterfly had left.

“I lost.”

After the feedback from the Space Crystal Butterfly that it was unable to fight, Yin Zhengfan admitted defeat immediately.

He looked confused and indignant.

Anguish and torture.

This battle was what he felt.

Apart from the first time the Space Crystal Butterfly attacked the Iron-eating Beast, it was suppressed by the Iron-eating Beast the whole time.

This feeling made Yin Zhengfan almost unable to breathe.

After the battle, he was already drenched in sweat.

“Yes,” Shi Yu said. “Perhaps the situation will change if the Skill Proficiency of the Crystal Butterfly is higher.”

He was telling the truth.

However, it made Yin Zhengfan feel like this was the first time he had seen Shi Yu, who was having a friendly chat with him before.

Yin Zhengfan no longer had the smile from before.

He could chat and laugh with people his age who were weaker than him.

But facing his peers who were stronger than him, his heart immediately became extremely heavy.

He was a person with unparalleled self-esteem. His goal was to get first place in this assessment. Although this was not an official battle, at this moment, Yin Zhengfan still had to admit that Shi Yu and the Little Iron Eating Beast in front of him were very strong.

“Roar…” The Zonyan Rock Beast looked at the tired Space Crystal Butterfly and the lost Beast Tamer and got up slightly. Its four-meter-tall body stood like a small mountain.

It was asking if it wanted to fight.

It looked at the tiny Eleven. If it were it, it wouldn’t dodge those skills at all. Its defense was dozens of times stronger than the Space Crystal Butterfly. Even if it took the hardening attacks head-on, it wouldn’t suffer serious injuries. It could defeat all opponents with brute force.

“Huh?” Eleven also looked up at the big guy.

Were they going to continue?

“Ji!” Seeing the big Zonyan Rock Beast get up, the spectating Worm sighed with emotion that Big Sister Space Crystal Butterfly couldn’t force the leader to use its full strength, and advised the Zonyan Rock Beast not to court a rebuff.

Did it think this was the full battle power of a leader?

“No need.” Yin Zhengfan waved his hand to indicate that the battle had ended.

With that said, he revealed a determined expression and looked at Shi Yu and the others.

“Although I lost this time, I’ll definitely win the ranking battle.”

“When the time comes, it’ll be a 2VS2.” Shi Yu looked at the Zonyan Rock Beast and the Space Crystal Butterfly. He didn’t know what kind of sparks would result from the cooperation of these two pets.

“Yes, at that time, I definitely won’t lose,” Yin Zhengfan clenched his fists and affirmed.

He didn’t regret challenging Shi Yu, but regretted why he had underestimated his opponent. He didn’t manage to make his pet go all out in the first battle.

He lost…

“Alright, let’s fight again when the time comes.” At that moment, Shi Yu sensed Yin Zhengfan’s tone and looked at his expression, feeling a little panicked.

Damn.

He was still smiling amiably just now, why was he so serious now?

It couldn’t be that he was too young and couldn’t take it, right? Now, the feeling Yin Zhengfan gave Shi Yu was like he could cry at any moment, making Shi Yu regret fighting this battle a little.

“The assessment is about to end. We can finally leave this damn place.” Shi Yu took a look at the time and quickly changed the topic.

…

Yin Zhengfan lost.

In the mechanical airship in the sky, the master examiners still had the Eye of Heaven’s Will. They completely didn’t expect that Yin Legend had just come to see his son and would encounter such an explosive scene.

They secretly stared at Yin Legend who was silently watching the scene and didn’t say anything.

Until he himself spoke.

“Can I see this Shi Yu’s trial performance?”

Yin Legend didn’t look very emotional. Although Yin Zhengfan lost, he didn’t mind. After all, it was only a 1VS1. Moreover, it was also good to let the young Yin Zhengfan have some setbacks.

Under his protection, Yin Zhengfan was destined to not have the same growth experience as him back then. Moreover, the era was different now. The chaos and factional struggles both domestically and abroad had already temporarily calmed down. In his opinion, this kind of competition between peers within ten years of each other was very suitable for Yin Zhengfan to grow up.

“Ah, this…” At this moment, as Yin Sheng finished speaking, the master examiners were a little at a loss.

Yin Legend, oh Yin Legend, it was best not to look.

However, this was not under the jurisdiction of the examiners. Upon hearing Yin Chuan’s words, the Eye of Heaven immediately broadcasted its carefully edited Time Trial section, covering the current scene.

Yin Chuan, who had a serious expression, looked at the image again, wanting to see the hidden ability of this candidate who had made his son suffer a setback once.

Then, in the video, a young man riding a panda, holding a wooden sword, and wearing a happy expression slowly appeared. The intense scene of him cutting from the forest to the lake, from the lake to the valley.

Yin Legend couldn’t calm down for a long time.

“Looks like the training missions assigned to Zheng Fan are still too few.”

…

Before long, the three-day survival assessment finally ended.

After the time was up, the Eye of Heaven started its old job.

It teleported the candidates on the island back to the flying transport in the sky.

At this moment, the thousands of small black dots wrapped in blue light began to rise into the sky.

Under the cover of Psychic power, some candidates were laughing crazily, and some candidates looked like they had lost their parents.

Shi Yu was in a pretty good mood. After all, he had gained a lot this time.

Three spatial skills! Three Dragon Soul Grass! Buggy even awakened deterrence!

There was also the scrap resource of a pearl that could be exchanged for many divine beans!

Of course, if Shi Yu was in a good mood, there would be people who were in a bad mood because of him.

For example, Yu Shu, who had missed the Dragon Soul Grass, did not look happy at all after the assessment. He felt that he was unlucky to have met a monster in this assessment.

There was also the stronger Yin Zhengfan. It was fine before he fought with Shi Yu, the two of them could still communicate happily. After the battle… Shi Yu felt that his little friend Yin Zhengfan had directly missed out on their friendship.

Son of a b*tch, battle was so pointless. Shi Yu couldn’t help but sigh.

How could he replicate skills in the future…

“Forget it, forget it. I won’t think too much. Next, I can finally sleep soundly!”

Before long, Shi Yu was teleported to an aircraft. However, what confused Shi Yu was that it didn’t seem to be the one he was sitting in at the start?

Apart from Shi Yu, there were fifteen other people, including Yu Shu and Yin Zhengfan. They were the 16 key candidates chosen this time!

At this moment, after meeting Shi Yu again, Yu Shu’s expression darkened…