Chapter 120 - The Video Came Out And Shi Yu Ran

Chapter 120: The Video Came Out and Shi Yu Ran

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

In order to face the ranking battle in three days, Shi Yu made the final sprint…

In fact, it was just increasing the frequency and recuperating.

As for the 31 opponents he might face next, Shi Yu chose the most brutal way to understand them.

That was the gossip information that passed the assessment forum.

The assessment arrangements were too tight, and there was not much time for each candidate to investigate potential opponents and prepare. It was already not bad to know the opponent’s pet race, Beast Taming Talent, and pet skills in advance.

For example, long-term preparations to learn targeted skills and nurture targeted new pets wouldn’t appear in the vocation assessment.

Perhaps only a world-class competition was worth the effort of a player to snipe someone.

Shi Yu felt that his skill index was a very good sniper rifle. If he was really determined to target a certain Beast Tamer, he felt that he was invincible. For example, if he faced a Beast Tamer who was proficient in fire-element skills, he would arrange a fire escape skill for each pet. How would the other party play?

However, even for Shi Yu, who had the skill index, the investment was relatively large. Ordinary people really couldn’t afford to do this.

Apart from Shi Yu, the other candidates were also making various preparations with the countdown of three days.

…

In a study in a villa area in Ancient Capital, Yin Zhengfan lowered his head to face his father. He didn’t dare to look into his father’s eyes and waited for criticism.

“Do you know where you lost?”

After returning, Yin Chuanqi asked Yin Zhengfan about all his experiences in the survival assessment. Yin Zhengfan didn’t hide anything and reported everything, including how he lost to Shi Yu before the assessment ended.

This was his only loss in this assessment. Actually, it couldn’t be considered a loss. After all, it didn’t affect the assessment. However, for Yin Zhengfan, it was still a little difficult to accept. This was because both Yin Legend and himself had very high expectations.

Legend Yin Zhongrong wrote calmly. On the other hand, Yin Zhengfan had a stubborn expression and said…

“Using the Sky Crystal Butterfly to challenge the opponent’s trump card, I underestimated the opponent’s strength. But I don’t think I’ve lost completely. The goal of this battle is to train the Sky Crystal Butterfly in the first place. I won’t lose in the next ranking battle.”

Yin Chuan said, “What if I say that when you guys fought, he hadn’t even used half of his strength.”

The Perfect Level Thunder Palm displayed in the video, the unknown level deterrence… When fighting Yin Zhengfan, Shi Yu used neither. Moreover, that transcendent-level Green silkworm with transcendent worm silk was also very powerful.

These were all things Yin Chuanshi knew, but Yin Zhengfan didn’t.

Yin Zhengfan’s expression changed, but he quickly said, “I’ll still win.”

Yin Legendary nodded and said, “Let me tell you one last piece of information. Shi Yu only became a Beast Tamer half a year ago. The time he contracted the Iron-eating Beast is less than half a year. While it could be said you two are in the same age range. It seems like he took a huge advantage of his age. But the one who really took advantage was you, who started cultivating and nurturing pets since you were young. The reason why I asked you to participate in the vocation assessment now is not because of age, but because of cultivation time. Only then will there be a meaning in competing with others on the same stage.”

“Alright, go and prepare. If you can defeat him this time, I’ll give you a gift.”

Yin Chuanqi waved his hand, indicating for Yin Zhengfan to go down and cultivate.

On the other side, Yin Zhengfan was suddenly at a loss. How was this possible?

Didn’t that mean that the time he spent cultivating the Sky Crystal Butterfly was far, far longer than the time Shi Yu spent cultivating the Iron-eating Beast?

It wasn’t the unequal battle he imagined. Instead, judging from the cultivation time, Shi Yu had been at a disadvantage the whole time?

How was it possible for that Iron-eating Beast to…

“Who is he…”

“You can go now.”

Yin Zhengfan left in disappointment. Yin Legend looked at the five words he had written.

Bureau 11, Shi Yu.

After watching the battle on the cruiser, he was also deeply curious about Shi Yu. Then, he investigated.

This investigation shocked him.

He had an ordinary identity and background, but he had such ridiculous strength. So he was related to this organization.

Recalling the few Monster Beast Tamers in Bureau 11, Legend Yin shook his head.

“To be able to listen to the Voice of History and spy on history, this talent is not necessarily worse than the Beast Taming Space’s strengthening talent, or even better. Whether it’s that Green Silkworm or the Iron-eating Beast, it looks like they obtained quite a lot of benefits from the ancient ruins.”

Yin Legendary was originally worried that no opponent of the same age could pressure Yin Zhengfan in the vocation assessment, but from the looks of it, there was no need to worry. For a long time to come, Yin Zhengfan would have sufficient growth motivation.

There had never been a lack of geniuses in this world, but only those who could stand out from the many talented people had a chance of charging into the highest domain.

…

On the other side, Yu Shu was also being educated by a middle-aged woman who was sitting on the sofa, smoking a cigarette holder and had her hair permed.

“How did I give birth to a stupid son like you? How could someone else snatch that Dragon Soul Grass?”

In the face of his mother’s disdainful expression, Yu Shu’s face darkened. “A frost dragon, do you know what a frost dragon is?”

“It doesn’t matter if it was transformed or not. It’s just like the real thing.”

“What Frost Dragon?” Yu Shu’s mother was also a top-notch Dragon Tamer, so she naturally didn’t believe in such nonsense.

Even if her son was exaggerating, she was still indifferent.

“That’s the Illusory Phantom skill. At least at the proficient level. It’s a transformation completed with the help of high-level resources. It’s at least a level-six resource. Can you be more careful in the future before the battle?” Yu Shu’s mother rolled her eyes.

He was actually so silly as to let others wear divine clothes and trick him.

“Illusion? How do you know?” Yu Shu asked in surprise.

“Don’t worry about that.”

“I…” Yu Shu’s heart skipped a beat. Expert Level Illusionary Phantom? That skill that could strengthen the battle power of the illusion with the help of external forces?

What the f*ck! His expression darkened, and he had the urge to slap himself. So Shi Yu couldn’t afford to go against him! He actually needed external help!

It was one thing to borrow it as a support item, but it was actually a resource at least level-six! Shameless!

1

It wasn’t that he couldn’t afford equipment of this level for pets. It was just that due to the restrictions of the rules, he didn’t care.

“Just you wait…” Yu Shu said, feeling stifled. The ranking battle’s assessment only allowed pets and Beast Tamers to bring equipment below level three. When the time came, Shi Yu couldn’t smile anymore.

This rule was also the reason why Shi Yu did not place his hopes on Buggy’s Ice Dragon Phantom.

“Why do I feel that you still can’t defeat it?” Yu Shu’s mother sighed. Even if the other party was restricted by the rules during the competition and couldn’t send out Buggy, she heard that the strength of that iron-eating beast seemed to be even more ridiculous.

Her silly son didn’t seem very smart… In short, there were too many monster candidates this year. She didn’t expect Yu Shu to get first place. It was fine as long as he got into the top five.

…

It wasn’t just those who had interacted with Shi Yu. Those seeded candidates who had never interacted with Shi Yu and believed that they could break through from more than 700 candidates to the final ranking battle were all investigating the information of potential opponents.

In the blink of an eye, a day later.

In the Ancient Capital City, in the Beast Tamer Association building complex, in the Ancient Capital Arena.

More than 700 candidates stood neatly in the venue.

The surrounding audience seats were filled with thousands of candidates who had already been eliminated.

Apart from that, the recruitment personnel of the major corporations, the instructors of the admissions office of the nine major universities, the officers of the Beast Taming Troops, and the major media were all gathered at various places in the venue.

These 700+new professional Beast Tamers could be said to be the most outstanding batch of new Beast Tamers in Ancient Capital and dozens of second-tier cities around.

Next, they would be paid attention to by the various large institutions in the ranking battle segment. After that, they would encounter the crazy struggles of the various large factions. This was the pinnacle of their lives.

Under the light of the cameras, Master Qu Jie stood on the stage with a smile and looked at this batch of new professional Beast Tamers.

“Congratulations to everyone present for officially becoming professional Beast Tamers. Our examiners have witnessed your performance in the field survival trial. No one can doubt your excellence. I hope you can never slack off in the future and start a new glory in the Beast Tamer domain.”

“A total of 784 Beast Tamers have passed this vocation assessment. Next, you will undergo the final ranking battle. This assessment will also determine your strength ranking among the newly promoted Beast Tamers!”

“By the way, among these 784 people, a total of 16 seeded candidates won’t participate in the assessment ranking segment, so the 768 candidates present will first carry out the ranking competition, and after the top 16 are determined, you will carry out the final ranking battle with them.”

As soon as Master Qu Jie finished speaking, the 768 newly promoted Beast Tamers present immediately started discussing.

Although there were strong seeded candidates in every vocation assessment, most candidates would think that on what basis weren’t they chosen to be these sixteen candidates?

Whether there was a conspiracy or not, whether or not it would be unfair… Many people still had this thought.

“It’s about to begin.” Many people stared at Master Qu Jie.

However, as a seed candidate, while there was preferential treatment to not participate in the preliminaries, they had to bear a certain amount of pressure. For example, the pressure of his abilities being directly exposed in public.

On the high platform, Master Qu Jie said, “Before the ranking battle officially begins, the Ancient Capital Beast Tamer Association’s official website has updated the exciting episode of the candidates for the survival assessment segment of this batch. The main characters of the video are the seeded candidates chosen this time. Before the assessment, everyone can admire the elegance of this batch of candidates.”

“Next, the big screen at the arena will also play it on repeat.”

Whoosh!!

After Master Qu Jie said that, the people from the various domains, as well as the new professional Beast Tamers who were about to participate in the ranking battle, were suddenly more engaged.

Everyone waited for a long time. Weren’t they waiting for the assessment situation of the seeded candidates in the survival assessment segment?

The outside world couldn’t pay attention to the assessment situation in real time like the examiners. This was the only way to understand the examinee’s bearing in the third assessment.

“I want to see how powerful the seeded candidates are…”

“Ridiculous. I contracted a pet of a middle-level commander species. I’m actually not a seed candidate even though I got fifteenth for the first test?”

The new professional Beast Tamers were all in different moods.

Then, more than 700 new professional Beast Tamers dispersed on the spot and waited for the ranking assessment to officially start in half an hour.

At this moment, no one went to rest. After a few scattered people went to pee, they immediately ran back and stared at the big screen in the venue.

Why was it that others were seeded candidates but not him? It could be determined in this exciting event.

…

At the training ground of the battle club at Ancient Capital University.

The students from the other departments had already gone on holiday, but the batch of students with top battle power who specialized in battle between the battle club and the school team of Ancient Capital University was still preparing for the national competition. With their opponent being the geniuses of the other eight top educational institutions, they didn’t dare to relax for a moment.

However, there was still some time to rest.

“Eh!!”

“The promotional video for this year’s Ancient Capital vocation assessment has been updated. Do you want to see it?” A boy who was resting with a towel around his neck suddenly shouted at everyone.

“Perhaps our future juniors will be inside.”

On the training ground, White Brook, who was the vice president, exited her beast-eared girl form and turned to look at the member.

“The promotional video of the vocation assessment…” She recalled Shi Yu, who Senior Lu had introduced to her. That guy’s performance was indeed not bad. He was fourth in the basic test. He would probably be edited into the promotional video this time.

White Brook’s interest was piqued. She planned to see Shi Yu and the Little Iron Eating Beast’s performance in the wilderness survival assessment segment.

…

At the Iron-eating Beast Research Institute, when Shi Yu was still lying in bed and resting, Jiu Yingjie exploded. He gathered around and shouted for Senior Panda.

“The promotional video for the Ancient Capital vocation assessment has increased. Shi Yu is a seeded candidate, right? He must have been cut in. Everyone, come and see.”

“Where’s Shi Yu?”

“I think he’s lazing in bed again.”

“Forget about Shi Yu, come quickly.”

…

In Ping Cheng, Bamboo Stone Dojo, including Master Lin Hongnian, all the disciples of the dojo had also discovered the news. It was no secret that Shi Yu had run to the ancient capital to participate in the vocation assessment, so they naturally had to pay attention.

Not only them, but also President Feng of the Beast Tamer Association in Ping Cheng. As his secretary massaged his shoulders, he smiled and stared at the computer screen, intending to see Shi Yu’s dazzling performance. After all, Shi Yu was a Beast Tamer in Ping Cheng.

At this moment, the exciting collection of survival trials released by the Beast Tamer Association in Ancient Capital City could be said to have instantly attracted the attention of countless people.

In less than two minutes, the number of viewers online had exceeded six digits, and the number was still rising.

At the start of the video, when the screen was still dark, passionate background music sounded.

As a promotional video, accompaniment was a very important part. Even before they saw the video, the Beast Tamers watching the video felt their blood boil.

Boom!!

With a loud bang, an image appeared.

The first thing that entered his eyes was a woman in a black silk qipao with a slit. She held a book in her left hand and flipped through the pages with her right hand as she walked. At this moment, the ground in front of him shattered. A ten-meter long Ground Legged Centipede that looked like steel and had a ferocious face crawled out of the ground. This was an extraordinary creature of a low-level commander race. It loved to eat humans the most and was a demon in the eyes of many Beast Tamers.

After the Earth Legged Centipede appeared, the woman raised her head and glanced at it slightly. In the next moment, a dazzling light descended. With a boom, a bolt of lightning descended from the sky. The terrifying lightning pillar was like a heavenly punishment. It instantly penetrated the Earth Legged Centipede’s body and scorched its entire body. At the same time, a huge pit ten meters in diameter appeared where the lightning landed.

The woman gently put down the book, and a black cloud flew to her side. The two of them walked towards the scorched Earth Legged Centipede step by step.

“This person is the second in the basic test, Zhang Qianyi with the elemental coordination talent. That’s a high class commander species Thunder Cloud Sprite!!”

At that moment, seeing this scene, in the Ancient Capital Arena, the thousands of meters candidates looked at the destructive power caused by the lightning in silence and felt guilty. They felt that even if their pets went up, they would also be instantly killed!

“The power of the lightning is so strong… and the control is also strong…”

The video had only just begun, but it had already used an explosive scene and a beautiful young lady to attract the attention of the viewers. The video immediately made many people fall into it. As Zhang Qian approached the Ground Legged Centipede, the scene lit up and changed. The music’s tempo became faster, and directly appeared in the Sky Battlefield. Yu Shu rode the Soul-Attribute Bone Dragon and easily dueled more than ten transcendent-level Tempest Sparrows in the air.

“Roar!!!!”

In the video, the Soul-Armored Bone Dragon let out a dragon roar. The terrifying Soul-Armored Dragon Breath suppressed the storm that filled the sky and swallowed many Tempest Sparrows in an instant. Then, the scene shattered. A huge rock giant was locked in a spatial domain. After the scene shattered to the point where the space shattered and turned, the huge rock giant’s body directly shattered into pieces. A light butterfly flew up from the broken rock and onto the young man’s shoulder.

The scene kept changing. Next, it gradually played the exciting performance of each seeded candidate, making the spectators involuntarily hold their breaths as they watched the promotional video seriously.

One by one, they watched the video. Every frame gave these new professional Beast Tamers and candidates who had fallen off the rankings a strong feeling. The seeded candidates were so strong.

Moreover, this batch of seeded candidates had a very diverse development style. There was even a Gu Master who controlled a beast tide. He specialized in defense against the anti-injury black Tortoises that could kill ferocious beasts with just a beating. Animals, plants, elements, undead, no matter what type of pet they were. These seeded candidates were incomparably calm on the island of training as if they were strolling in their own backyard.

“Damn, so awesome.”

“We’re actually from the same batch?”

“Monsters, this group of people.”

“It’s right not to let them participate in the preliminaries… I don’t want to bump into them.”

Many newly-promoted professional Beast Tamers stared at the scene in the video with their mouths agape. Why was it that they had worked so hard to survive on the Island of Trials and carefully searched for hunting targets, but these people could kill indiscriminately in the same place??

However, one way or another, the promotional video was indeed very shocking. As the background music became faster and faster, everyone was about to realize that the most exciting moment was coming.

“Here it comes..!”

Countless people shouted in their hearts. Then, the background music reached the most exciting moment. The video suddenly changed…

A figure riding an Iron-eating Beast, holding a wooden sword, and a green worm hanging from its shoulder appeared.

“What’s this…”

This scene stunned many people.

Why did it suddenly become like this?

A glitch?

Everyone was extremely confused. Some people also recognized Shi Yu.

However, even they were stunned when they saw Shi Yu’s attire.

Then, what stunned them and everyone else came.

On the Iron-eating Beast, Shi Yu’s expression was indifferent. He raised the wooden sword with both hands and swung it down!

“Boom!” Instantly, the air vibrated, as if a translucent crescent sword qi (insect silk) was formed. A path was directly cut open in the forest in front of them. In the next second, more than ten stone baboons walked out and looked at Shi Yu with reddened eyes.

“F*ck, what the hell!!!”

This attack stunned many new professional Beast Tamers.

Facing the Stone Baboon group in front of him, the candidate, Shi Yu, was still indifferent.

Facing the attacking group of baboons, the iron-eating beast took a step forward. At that moment, Shi Yu raised his wooden sword again and faced the stone baboon that was charging over with its stone claws.

At the same time that they attacked, Shi Yu also attacked.

Profundity, great shock!

At that moment, the group of baboons that flew over seemed to have encountered a great horror. They revealed looks of horror, and their movements were several times slower. Shi Yu swung his sword, and instantly, an extraordinary-level stone baboon’s body caved in as it flew more than ten meters away!

Just like that, the Iron-eating Beast slowly walked forward. One, two, every time Shi Yu swung his sword, a Stone Baboon would be sent flying like a flying meteor.

Even if some stone baboons immediately turned their bodies to stone to resist, they were still shattered by a single slash. They were no match for the other party.

In a short moment, the stone baboons fled. The candidate, Shi Yu, leisurely entered the forest.

During this process, the wooden sword didn’t show any changes. Shi Yu’s movements were extremely coordinated, as if it was a group of baboons that he had killed himself.

The people watching the video opened their mouths wide, unable to react.

The video… continued. It was impossible for every candidate to only have one exciting performance. There were sixteen seeded candidates, and each of them had three or four exciting episodes. The video kept playing. After a slight silence, the video returned to normal. However, not long after, at the most exciting moment, another scene of Shi Yu riding an Iron-eating Beast appeared…

Profundity: Thunder Flash!

Lightning flashed on Shi Yu’s body and sword. His figure teleported and his sword pierced through the Mad Python.

Profundity: Infinite Convergence!

Shi Yu threw out a wooden sword. The scene changed, and dozens of wooden swords instantly appeared in the sky. They obeyed Shi Yu’s command to cut down the bees.

It was like a shooting star, killing everything in the endless path it carved.

Shi Yu was riding a panda and holding a wooden sword, and he was indifferent to life and death and would fight any beast he saw.

When the video was completely broadcasted, everyone had already been brainwashed and had completely forgotten the exciting performance of the other seeded candidates. The only thing left in their minds was the scene of Shi Yu riding the iron-eating beast and slashing with demonic nature. The scene was completely unlike that of a beast tamer.

Did something strange happen…

The seeded candidates who were also watching the video had dark expressions, especially Yu Shu and Yin Zhengfan. Their values were the most broken. They kept feeling that the Shi Yu they knew was different from the one in the video…

Ping Cheng, Bamboo Stone Dojo.

At this moment, the values of the apprentices who contracted the iron-eating beast shattered. They didn’t understand what was going on.

What happened to the exciting performance of the iron-eating beast?

Lin Hongnian was silent. His balls hurt.

1

After President Feng of the association finished watching the video, his body stiffened. Even his secretary couldn’t massage him anymore.

Lu Qingyi, who was somewhere, took a deep breath. She put away the cell phone and rubbed her eyes.

At Ancient Capital University, the beast-eared senior who had once taught Shi Yu life-saving skills was left in endless confusion.

Looking at Shi Yu’s impressive performance in the video, Senior Panda and Jiu Yingjie were also stunned!

This was Shi Yu?

That was Eleven?

Excuse me, what were they doing?

What the hell was this? Why was it different from what they imagined!!

“Holy shit.”

As the video played on repeat, the entire Ancient Capital Arena no longer had the atmosphere of the assessment. Everyone recalled the video just now in confusion. Gosh, sounds rose and fell, mainly because there were a total of 16 seeded candidates. Everyone only saw the scene when Shi Yu appeared. They couldn’t understand it at all!

Oh, divine beasts in heaven… Who could explain what happened to them?

A special Beast Taming Talent similar to the Fusion Talent? Or was that wooden sword also a pet?

Why were the other candidates using their pets to kill the enemy? This candidate could kill everyone himself…

“How did he become like this…” Among the newly-promoted Beast Tamers, Bai Qi, Xu Jingyin, and the others, who were also from Icefield City and had once competed with Shi Yu for the Evolution Sacred Spring, also knew Shi Yu. However, they were stunned because they knew him.

It was fine if the difference in strength was increasing, but why was the difference in style also increasing?!

Similarly, the cousins who had lost to Shi Yu in the battle restaurant and even the passers-by on the plane who had fought Shi Yufan were all shocked.

“That’s not a Beast Taming Talent at all, and the wooden sword is not a pet at all…”

“It’s that green worm that looks like it’s lazing around and the iron-eating beast that’s its mount…” Just like how the master examiners could tell the truth, there were also some experienced master-level Beast Tamers present who could tell the truth at a glance. Their faces couldn’t help but darken.

What kind of weird candidate was this!!!

Often, the truth wouldn’t be hidden for long. In a short period of time, the video comments area had already been flooded. A group of big bosses analyzed the key points of the hidden technology of this video.

[Damn, this candidate is ridiculous!]

[That Iron-eating Beast has mastered Transcendent Level Hardening, so it can apply the Hardening Material to Beast Tamers and wooden swords, making the Beast Tamer’s physique and wooden sword’s attack power enough to injure transcendent-level ferocious beasts!!]

[There’s even a perfect-level Thunder Palm. This is a move that can release powerful speed!!]

[Not only that, but that Iron-eating Beast probably also mastered the deterrence skill. The expression of fear produced by those ferocious beasts when facing attacks is too similar to the effect of the deterrence skill!]

[Is this a f*cking Iron-eating Beast?]

[The most ridiculous is that green worm. I took a screenshot. There’s one scene where it’s definitely silk spitting, but I can’t see the worm silk. Holy shit, transparent worm silk, do you know what it represents? It’s a worm silk with an invisible nature! It’s another transcendent skill! Ridiculous, that sword aura is actually a worm silk, and the one controlling the wooden sword to slash randomly is also a worm silk! Holy shit, worm silk can even be played like this…]

[Big bosses, slow down…]

At this moment, because of Shi Yu, everyone analyzed the technical content in Shi Yu’s battle images. This analysis not only shocked the candidates, but even some masters and top-notch masters fell into deep disbelief.

Although apart from deterrence, he used skills without levels, skills that were at low-level, and mid-level… This skill proficiency was too exaggerated.

Moreover, it appeared on weak species pets like the Iron-eating Beast and the Green silkworm. How did he do that?

The most shocking thing was that although the pets were clearly so strong, why was it that the battle scenes of this Beast Tamer were all him playing cool?

Was the destruction of conscience behind all this, the fall of pets, or the distortion of human nature?

Even before the ranking battle began, the major media outlets in Ancient Capital City had already captured the hot topic and published news.

“Master Level Analysis! The scary truth hidden in Iron-eating Beast Knight Shi Yu’s battle skills!”

‘I’ll take you into the inner world of Iron Eater Knight Shi Yu!’

“Shocking! Iron-eating Beasts and Green Silkworms can actually be used like this!”

“The collective action of the various major film academies! Several film hegemon corporations looking for one person! What exactly is the reason behind all of this? Let’s lead everyone to understand.”

At this moment, countless people were watching Shi Yu’s video with strange expressions. After hearing the masters analyze the technical content of Shi Yu’s battle and watching the video again, many candidates had a new feeling.

So powerful.

It could actually assist a weak human Beast Tamer to instantly kill transcendent-level ferocious beasts. Its support was so strong.

However, what confused people the most was why Shi Yu could be so calm and not show any embarrassment!!!

At this moment, it could be said that Shi Yu was completely famous.

Many people were looking forward to Shi Yu’s performance in the final ranking battle.

At that time, would Shi Yu still fight using his own body?

Although the process was a little bumpy, after the big bosses’ analysis, everyone suddenly realized that this Shi Yu was an even more ridiculous monster hidden among the candidates!!

At this moment, Shi Yu was still sleeping soundly.

Boom! Boom! Boom!!

In his sleep, Shi Yu only opened his eyes in a daze when he heard someone knocking on the door.

“Who is it?”

“Open the door.” Outside, the stifled laughter and discussion of Senior Panda and the others sounded. “Quickly open the door.”

“What, what’s wrong??” Shi Yu was stunned.

“Junior Shi Yu, impressive. You’re famous. I’m certain that even if the evolution of iron-eating beasts won’t skyrocket the value of Iron-eating beasts, the Iron-eating Beast Knight definitely can!” Zheng Yingjie laughed wildly.

“???” Shi Yu immediately woke up. His heart skipped a beat. He quickly picked up his cell phone and had a bad feeling.

A moment later, Shi Yu swiped the promotional video of the Ancient Capital vocation assessment and a pile of comments below the video.

After taking a look, his temperature suddenly rose, and his vision turned dark. However, he quickly stabilized himself.

“Where is he?” Lin Xiuzhu was still knocking on the door.

As for Shi Yu, he silently rolled up the blanket and kept rolling around on the bed. F*ck, this day had finally come. If he had known earlier, he wouldn’t have messed up.

1

“Don’t look for me. See you after the vocation assessment.”

A moment later, Shi Yu found a cap and a pair of sunglasses. He entered the ethereal state and directly passed through the wall to leave. He chose to run. He couldn’t meet anyone he knew. When the commotion stopped and everyone calmed down, he would return…