Chapter 124 - Going Crazy Again

Chapter 124: Going Crazy Again

A moment later, Shi Yu returned to the prep room.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

When he thought of interesting tactics, he couldn’t help but want to experiment on its feasibility.

“This strategy looks very normal.”

Only by defeating his opponent in the domain the opponent was most proficient in could he showcase his strength.

◑ω◐ If he won through technique, would this battle power show that he was intelligent?

Shi Yu pulled Eleven and Buggy over.

“When you face Miao Xiaodong in the next round, you guys will do this, then that, and finally this, understand?”

Eleven and Buggy nodded blankly. They understood, but not completely.

However, wasn’t his name Miao Dongdong?

“That’s not important.” Shi Yu stuffed the nutritional fluid in front of them.

Seeing the Happy Water, Eleven and Buggy’s expressions lit up.

“Wuuu ~”

“Ji ji ji ~”

There was no need to consider battles for the time being. It was better to recover the physical strength that he had consumed previously.

Eleven held up the Happy Water and gulped it down, while the worm used the worm silk as a straw…

As for Shi Yu, he looked at the small television and paid attention to the subsequent battle.

Next, he only paid attention to the battles of the winners.

As expected, the ones who advanced were still those few people.

As for the advancement battle of the Losers Group that had lost once, he was not interested. The chances of both parties encountering each other were not high.

…

Time flew again.

When Eleven and the others had already patched up, it was time for Shi Yu to fight again.

Eleven and Buggy blushed. They had eaten too many supplements.

The energy in their body was in a very full state…

Shi Yu’s mouth was slightly agape. Even if it was your first time drinking the nutritional fluid made of energy crystals, you didn’t have to eat so much, right?

These guys were even weaker at this than their Tamer?!

However, this wasn’t a big problem. They just needed to consume a little more energy.

Buggy closed its eyes and projected two Ice Dragon Babies to slap it. Then, they immediately recovered.

Eleven, on the other hand, used transcendent Level Hardening to create a trophy and wished them the championship in advance!

“Sigh…”

Seeing that the two pets were so abnormal, Shi Yu reflected deeply…

…

In the venue.

The audience looked at the name and profile picture on the big screen with strange expressions.

This was the third round of the assessment.

Iron-eating Beast Knight, tactical genius Shi Yu vs the mysterious Gu Master Miao Dongdong.

They wondered what kind of sparks would fly between the two parties in this assessment battle.

“Although this Shi Yu isn’t stable enough, his strength is really not bad. He has a lot of potential. Unfortunately, he seems to have been reserved by Ancient Capital University.

The teachers from the student recruitment offices of the other colleges who came from afar thought that it was a pity.

The next time they met, they might be competitors.

There were many conflicts between the nine academies due to the allocation of educational resources every year.

However, some financial groups felt that Shi Yu was quite interesting.

Even if Shi Yu entered Ancient Capital University, it actually didn’t prevent them from cooperating with Shi Yu.

If Shi Yu became the top scorer of the Ancient Capital assessment this year, they would directly get Shi Yu to endorse an artificial mechanical light sword pet and shoot an advertisement. The effect wouldn’t be any better for those hot-blooded young men.

In the arena.

Miao Dongdong, who was wearing a cotton shirt, had already walked up. After coming up, he let out a long sigh.

Opposite him, Shi Yu also stepped onto the arena as usual.

After coming up, Shi Yu kept staring at the ground before looking at Master Qu Jie.

Not bad!

Eleven clearly created a huge hole. After being repaired by Master Qu Jie’s earth-element pet, there were no signs of battle at all.

No wonder the construction companies outside all contracted workers with earth, metal, and wood pets.

“This kid…”

“…” Master Qu Jie looked at Shi Yu, who had ill intentions towards the arena and himself, in silence.

He hoped that Shi Yu could battle normally next. How was he supposed to judge his playstyle?

“Beep, beep, beep…”

The two candidates arrived at the venue. After making preparations, Master Qu Jie quickly announced the start of the battle. After all, it was almost lunch time and everyone was hungry.

As for the outcome of this battle… Many masters still thought highly of Shi Yu.

Now, in the eyes of these master-level Beast Tamers, the only ones who had any hope of defeating Shi Yu were Yin Zhengfan, who really had the pet of a monarch, and Zhang Qianyi, who had the talent for violent battles.

As for Miao Dongdong… His Emerald Tree Python was a corpse. It could only be considered half a monarch’s pet.

In the arena, as Master Qu Jie announced the start of the battle, a lightning storm flashed across Miao Dongdong’s brain again, and his mind worked crazily.

“Our advantage is that the monarch shell of the Emerald Tree Python is an excellent protection. It lives in the body of the Tree Python, and the parasitic Gu can largely be immune to mental attacks… And since the Shadow Gu is in symbiosis with me, our mental fusion can also be immune to mental attacks to a certain extent.”

This way, half of Shi Yu’s trump card, expert level deterrence, was wasted.

Miao Dongdong, who had brown curly hair, stood opposite Shi Yu. He took a deep breath and felt the pressure for the first time because he wasn’t facing a normal Beast Tamer.

Although with the advantage of a Gu Master, they could reduce the impact of Shi Yu’s proficient level deterrence skill to the minimum, his transcendent level hardening, perfect level thunder palm, and that strange green silkworm still worried him.

“Let’s fight!” At this point, Miao Dongdong couldn’t think too much. He looked at Shi Yu sternly.

Hu hu hu!!!

In the arena, strong winds rose up. The two of them summoned their pets at the same time.

After Shi Yu quietly summoned the Iron-Eating Beast and the Green silkworm, a huge summoning array appeared on Miao Dongdong’s side.

“Roar!!!”

A shocked roar immediately came from the array.

A green python nearly ten meters long suddenly appeared from the formation. It stood as tall as a tall building and looked down at Eleven and the bug with its green eyes in shock.

This was the magic of Gu Masters and parasitic Gu. It was hard to imagine that such a “living” Emerald Tree Python was actually a corpse with another owner controlling it.

“This is the first time I’m fighting a Gu Master…” Shi Yu looked at his opponent and thought to himself.

< Name > Parasitic Gu

[Attributes]: Worm

[Race Level]: High Transcendent

[Race Skill]: Parasitic (High-level bug-type skill. It can infiltrate the target’s body and control the target. In the parasitic state, it can inherit the opponent’s racial skill and have the ability to heal the target’s injuries. It can also use the parasitic shell as a protective umbrella, immune to most attacks.)

This skill was very strong, but there was also a limit. It could only parasitize animals. At the same time, after the Host was parasitized, it lost her growth ability.

“Roar!!!”

In the arena, the giant python roared. Miao Dongdong stood not far from the giant python and recovered his previous calm expression.

On the other side, Eleven and Buggy were expressionless. They even felt that the other party was quite fierce.

However, although it was fierce, pandas were even fiercer!

“(‘ ́ ¥) Howl!!” The little metal-eating beast’s eyes widened. You dare to be arrogant again?

Boom!!

As it howled, an extremely huge invisible wave of air erupted from Eleven’s body!

It stared at the Emerald Tree Python and Miao Dongdong. At this moment, the air in the arena began to hum and vibrate. The almost material deterrence wave turned into a violent wind that swept across the arena.

“It’s here…”

At this moment, the Emerald Tree Python’s body suddenly froze. The shadow under Miao Dongdong’s feet disappeared instantly and fused with his body. A strange black tattoo appeared on Miao Dongdong’s body.

Buzz!

As the mental storm swept past, Miao Dongdong gritted his teeth and felt dizzy. He subconsciously clenched his fists and smiled.

Similarly, the Emerald Tree Python quickly shook its head, its gaze gradually becoming clear, and it roared.

“Roar!!!”

“That’s all?!”

Facing the terrifying deterrence wave, Miao Dongdong was covered in sweat, but he quickly stabilized and recovered. The parasitic Gu in the Emerald Tree Python’s body was clearly protected by the protective umbrella of the monarch’s shell, almost able to withstand this terrifying mental impact.

“Next, it’s our turn to fight back.”

Miao Dongdong raised his hand, and countless shadows appeared out of thin air, about to condense into a ball. It was surprisingly one of the abilities of the Shadow Gu, the Shadow Ball.

At this moment, the body of the Emerald Tree Python swayed slightly and made an attack pose, revealing its fangs.

This was the first opponent Shi Yu and the others had encountered to face Eleven’s deterrence. Although he was affected, he could still continue attacking.

As expected, when facing a slightly stronger opponent, deterrence was immediately not as omnipotent.

“He resisted it!!”

“Miao Dongdong is awesome.”

“You’re the first one to make the Iron Eater Knight fail.”

As Miao Dongdong and the others resisted the deterrence, waves of voices immediately erupted from the spectator area.

Many people’s eyes lit up. They felt that this battle would be very exciting.

Those master-level Beast Tamers also revealed looks of admiration towards Miao Dongdong.

The Shadow Gu and Parasitic Gu were only two transcendent species of Gu worms, but they could be developed to such an extent by Miao Dongdong. He and Shi Yu were simply the two great inspirational candidates for this assessment.

However, at this moment, only a small number of people realized the severity of the problem.

“What are you guys causing a ruckus about… Do you have any eyesight at all? That’s just a deterrence. The Silkworm God hasn’t made a move yet.” In the spectator area, a pair of cousins stared at the Worm that started to close its eyes and felt that things weren’t that simple.

This deterrence didn’t look like it wanted to instantly kill the opponent… Instead, it wanted to attract attention!

As expected, soon, someone noticed the worm with its eyes closed.

This had already become the sign of Buggy’s anger.

“Look.”

“On the head of the Emerald Tree Python!”

At this moment, everyone was shocked to discover that the green worm was still lying on the iron-eating beast’s shoulder.

However, another identical Green silkworm appeared on the head of the Emerald Tree Python!

It was just like how the first assessment conjured dragon might and the second assessment conjured wings. This time, the green worm showed its own projection!

“What?”

At this moment, sensing the change, the Emerald Tree Python and Miao Dongdong were stunned.

“Roar!!!”

The Emerald Tree Python was still opening its mouth foolishly. In the next moment, the Green Silkworm on its head bent its body and flipped its body 360 degrees. Like a diving trick, it jumped into the Emerald Tree Tree Python’s mouth.

This scene stunned everyone.

“Holy shit.”

Everyone was stunned.

“(⊙ ́ ⊙) Uh…” The Emerald Tree Python also felt that something was wrong.

Miao Dongdong: d(ŐдŐ๑)? What the hell!

Miao Dongdong was momentarily stunned, not knowing what it meant.

Attacking from the inside of the tree python?

But the Tree Python’s poisonous stomach liquid skill could even corrode metal!

Suicide?

Just as Miao Dongdong didn’t understand, the next moment, the Emerald Tree Python suddenly widened its eyes and made a vomiting gesture, then showed an even more painful expression…

“Roar!!”

Its body started to twitch crazily.

Inside the Emerald Tree Python.

Swoosh!

The Green Silkworm Phantom erupted with countless worm silk, making the worm silk stab into the body of the Emerald Tree Python like the hair of a lion.

Gulp ~

The stomach liquid that surged up encountered the worm silk and constantly corroded the silk, but the strong corrosive effect actually couldn’t affect the levelless worm silk at all.

On the contrary, the silk were like small life forms with their own consciousness, launching fierce attacks on the Emerald Tree Python in its body!

Full level worm silk was definitely a product that no one could understand, even if it was a legendary Beast Tamer.

The effect of the silk that was derived from the full-level worm silk was something that even a transcendent worm silk didn’t have, and it was something that only Shi Yu’s worm could master!

At this moment, no one knew what was going on.

They only knew that Shi Yu seemed to be planning to attack from the inside of the tree python, and it seemed to have taken effect.

“Despicable city people.”

Miao Dongdong, who came from the countryside, immediately recalled the warnings of his granny in the tribe. His eyes reddened.

Sensing the parasitic Gu’s cry for help, he couldn’t take it anymore. He quickly looked at Eleven and the green worm, and a shadow instantly appeared under his feet and stretched!

He wanted to use another skill of the Shadow Gu, Shadow Control, to lock the little Iron-Eating Beast in place. At the same time, the shadow ball in his hand had already been condensed and he suddenly threw it at the green worm.

Although he didn’t know what was going on, it wasn’t wrong to target the Green Silkworm…

Swoosh!

The shadow ball smashed at Eleven and Buggy like a black meteor, but Eleven didn’t even have the intention to move.

Shi Yu: “Emerald Tree Python, block the attack!”

On the other hand, as a Beast Tamer, Shi Yu issued commands to his pet.

At this moment, the huge Emerald Tree Python suddenly pressed down on the shadow created by the Shadow Gu. At the same time, it used its huge body to block the shadow ball!

Miao Dongdong was speechless.

Everyone: “?”

Boom!!!

The Shadow Ball hit the Emerald Tree Python’s body, and the Emerald Tree Python’s eyes shone with a dark light. Its huge body only had a little scratch on it, and the injury was extremely light. This was the power of the physique of a monarch. Even without using any moves, it could still have an extremely strong pressure.

Everyone opened their mouths slightly.

It was strong, but something was wrong…

Why, why did this Emerald Tree Python listen to Shi Yu’s orders and help the Iron-eating Beast and the Green Silkworm resist the damage!!

“Could it be the legendary parasitic worm??”

“No, impossible!” Miao Dongdong was stunned.

What was happening?

At this moment, in a small room inside the Emerald Tree Python, whose main body was only a high-level transcendent race and didn’t have any other impressive skills… The parasitic Gu looked at the active insect silk surrounding it. Would it dare to move?

The only stomach liquid skill that could attack the invader in its body was useless against this worm silk. Would it dare to move??

“Ji!!!” The insect silk made an excited sound.

“Ji!!!” The parasite Gu screamed like a chicken.

Don’t come over—

What the hell was this!!

Was it a parasite or was the green worm a parasite!!

Why was this guy’s insect silk able to invade and control the tree python’s movements as if it had its own consciousness!!

This didn’t make sense!! The parasitic worm shouted at the Beast Tamer telepathically. This didn’t make sense…

Miao Dong Dong :”◐△◑”

Miao Dongdong was stunned.

In the outside world, everyone was stunned.

Including the master-level Beast Tamers, none of them knew what was going on when they saw the Emerald Tree Python helping the Little Iron Eating Beast block the attack.

In the arena, after helping the Little Iron Eating Beast block the attack, the Emerald Tree Python slowly stretched its body and approached the Little Iron Eating Beast and the others.

Then, under everyone’s incredulous gaze, the little Iron-Eating Beast brought the Green Silkworm and climbed onto the huge body of the Emerald Tree Python, transforming into a python riding panda

Pa!

After riding the tree python, Eleven’s transcendent Level Hardening was activated and immediately wrapped the tree python with powerful armor!

Compared to the parasitic skill of the parasitic Gu, Buggy’s parasitic silk was still lacking in many ways. For example, it could only control its movements but couldn’t inherit the moves. Therefore, if it wanted to have stronger output, it could only rely on Eleven’s hardening.

“Wu!!”

“Ji!!”

When everything was completed, the tree python and Eleven looked at the tiny, helpless, pitiful, and confused Miao Dongdong in hostility.

Miao Dongdong subconsciously took a step back with a blank expression.

“This is impossible, impossible.”

“How is this possible…”

“What exactly have you done…”

Shi Yu looked at the little Gu Master opposite him whose expression was starting to look strange.

His mental fortitude wasn’t good.

“It’s nothing. I just let the Green Silkworm hijack your parasitic Gu into a worm hostage.”

“Therefore, the one controlling the Emerald Tree Python vest is the Green Silkworm.”

“Don’t worry, I’ll return it to you after the battle.”

Damn, worm.

At this moment, looking at the change in the venue, Master Qu Jie was confused again. As a judge, his professionalism didn’t seem to be enough. He didn’t know what had happened.

He kept feeling that Shi Yu was talking nonsense, but he couldn’t refute it.

Everyone’s mouths opened slightly as they looked at the change in the arena. What the f*ck was going on?

The battle was going in an unscientific and abnormal direction again! What kind of nonsense skills were Shi Yu’s pets using?!

Miao Dongdong: (PД`q.)… Ah!

At this moment, Miao Dongdong took another step back and widened his eyes.

He was the most confused.

Human… human language?

Who was the Gu master here?!

He looked at the green python that was approaching him and was a little stunned.

Parasitic Gu and the Emerald Tree Python were his trump cards. The Shadow Gu was to protect his own body. Now that his trump card had turned against him, how could he fight?

Many candidates also looked at the helpless Miao Dongdong in silence.

A perfectly fine genius… Why did he become like this when he encountered Shi Yu?

In a certain place, the expressions of Yu Shu, Fang Ji, and the others darkened. Oh my, oh my, this time, another candidate would go crazy. This Shi Yu was definitely abnormal!!

They advised him not to participate in other competitions in the future!!! He was deliberately messing with other people’s mentalities!!