Chapter 128 - The Evolution Of The Iron-Eating Beast

Chapter 128: The Evolution of the Iron-eating Beast

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

The audience was getting noisy.

Even those master-level Beast Tamers were shocked to see the little Iron-Eating Beast cutting through the lightning so easily!

“After all, this Iron-eating Beast seems to be Shi Yu’s trump card…”

Everyone looked at Buggy, who had crawled to the edge of the arena to watch the commotion, and suddenly remembered that it was the second pet.

“What about this move?”

In the arena, the girl frowned. She was very dissatisfied with the Thunder Cloud Sprite being used as a foil for the Little Iron Eating Beast’s posturing.

She held her hands in front of her, her palms facing each other. Green and gold energy fluctuations immediately appeared between her hands.

“Wuwuwu ~ ~!!!”

In the sky, as Zhang Qianyi used the Elemental Coordination Talent, there was a strange connection between the Thunder Cloud Sprite and the Wind Sprite, as if their minds were also connected.

Zhang Qianyi could use two high-level combination skills multiple times, but using three high-level combination skills once was her current limit.

The lightning couldn’t affect Shi Yu and the others. Zhang Qianyi immediately activated his second most powerful combination skill, Thunder Storm!

It was also called Thunder Cloud Storm!

Boom!!!

Thunder rumbled.

“Yi, Yi, Yi, Yi, Yi…” In the sky, the Thunder Cloud Sprite and the Wind Sprite laughed wildly. The Fire Sprite distanced itself from them in disdain. Then, their bodies quickly turned around. In an instant, a powerful black thundercloud storm formed!

This tornado-like storm had black thunder clouds sweeping inside. Electricity flashed inside, containing a terrifying power of thunder!

Seeing the formation of this super combination skill, many candidates swallowed their saliva.

“How violent…”

In the next second!

The black thundercloud tornado was like a black thunder dragon as it swept towards Eleven, who had just finished showing off.

Thunder Cloud Storm!

“Ji!!” At the edge of the arena, the bug cheered for Eleven. This move was indeed strong. Unless it used the Ice Dragon Whiskers to transform into an ice dragon, it definitely wouldn’t be able to withstand it. Therefore, it was left to the leader!!

However, even Yu Shu’s Soul-Armored Bone Dragon’s Soul Fire Dragon Breath could resist this move, so Eleven was even less concerned.

“Wuu!!!” This time, Eleven also went all out. His whole body hardened, and a metallic texture filled his whole body. At the same time, he activated the Perfect Level Thunder Palm. This time, he chose to use the profundity of the Transcendent Level Hardening and Perfect Level Thunder Palm!

At this moment, it looked like it was wearing lightning armor!

“It’s here…”

Realizing that the Little Iron Eating Beast had entered this special state, many master-level Beast Tamers stood up one after another, wanting to see if it could control this arcane skill. If it could, then Shi Yu and the others were too monstrous. They had just become professional Beast Tamers, but they had already mastered the master-level profundities. They could no longer be described as geniuses.

“Wuu!!!” In the face of the Thunder Cloud Storm, Eleven roared and made a charging action under the state of the Thunder Armor!

Thunder Armor Profundity: a serious attack!

Buzz!!

When Eleven gathered strength, the air seemed to be trembling, and the surrounding lightning shot out intensely.

Crack!

The ground under its feet was also trembling continuously, and cracks spread continuously.

Boom!!

The thundercloud storm that came from the sky was almost instantaneous. Eleven, who felt that it had accumulated strength to the limit, looked up. Its black eyes seemed to have turned into blue lightning that contained peerless battle intent.

At this moment, the Thundercloud Sprite and the other elemental sprites were in the sky and had also released a powerful move… But suddenly, they had a bad feeling.

As the little Iron-eating Beast on the field moved, their bad premonition grew stronger.

Bang!!!

Eleven finally moved.

Under the full power of the Thunder Armor’s profundity, the ground under Eleven’s feet shattered again. The powerful reaction force helped Eleven accelerate and rush out. At this moment, its speed could be described as godly. At this moment, under the enhancement of Hardening and the Thunder Palm, its speed and strength reached their maximum!

Eleven leaped up and directly hit the descending Thunder Cloud Storm!

Eleven, who was a meter tall, was much smaller than the thick Thunder Cloud Storm. However, when Eleven’s thunder palm made contact with the Thunder Cloud Storm, a terrifying power wave erupted from its body and directly changed the form of the Thunder Cloud Storm!

The tornado-like Thunder Cloud Storm was hit by this terrifying palm until it was like a bent bow, and it changed shape with a bang. In the next moment, between the Perfect Lightning Armor’s profundity and the Thunder Cloud Storm, a huge storm swept up, directly tearing apart the floor with cracks. Under the dazzling light and energy explosion, the entire arena was lit up!!

Boom!!!!

In an instant, the Thunder Cloud Storm directly disappeared in mid-air, as if it had been scattered by a punch. Under the sweep of the energy tide, the terrifying storm suddenly blasted towards the sky, forcing the Thunder Cloud Sprite and the other elemental creatures to rise into the sky with frightened expressions.

At the same time, the Little Iron Eating Beast was also blown down by the reaction force of the energy explosion.

However, when the scene on the arena was clear, everyone could see that the little Iron-Eating Beast was standing there unscathed, as if the combination skill just now was only so-so.

Zhang Qianyi, the Thunder Cloud Sprite, and the other pets had extremely serious expressions.

Yu Shu, Yin Zhengfan, and the others had especially solemn expressions.

“What the f*ck…” In the venue, everyone looked at the little Iron-eating Beast that was unscathed and opened their mouths slightly.

The Thunder Cloud Storm was gone just like that?

It was no problem to resist the Thunder Cloud Storm, and Yu Shu’s Soul-Armored Bone Dragon had also done it. However, the problem was that regardless of whether it was the Thunder Cloud Sprite and Wind Sprite that used the Thunder Cloud Storm or the Soul-Armored Bone Dragon that used the Soul Fire Dragon Breath, they weren’t alone! They were a two pet combo!!

Moreover, the combination skills had been enhanced by the Beast Tamer’s talent enhancement!!

In such a situation, it was very normal for their big moves to be evenly matched.

But now, everyone looked at the Green silkworm that was cheerleading at the edge of the arena. No matter how they looked at it, it looked like a little Iron-Eating Beast. They directly defeated the joint attack of Zhang Qianyi, the Thunder Cloud Sprite, and the Wind Sprite without any effort…

1VS3?

This was too sick! This didn’t make sense!

“The power of this move isn’t enough. What about the three-element combination skill that you used to instantly kill Yu Shu?” Shi Yu asked.

It was as if facing two combination skills was very unsatisfying.

Yu Shu: “F*ck.”

In the spectator area, Yu Shu’s expression darkened. How was he insta-killed? He clearly lasted for a few seconds.

However, was Shi Yu serious? That three-element combination skill was not something that an extraordinary pet could withstand.

“…” Zhang Qianyi ignored Shi Yu. In the next moment, she clasped her hands together. Three-colored starlight seemed to flicker in her palm, and an elemental rain descended from the sky.

Whoosh!!

Wind blades and electric arcs intertwined, water and wind blades entangled, and electric arcs fused with water.

Dozens of small dual-element combination skills descended from the sky, completely suppressing the enemy!!

Seeing the skill that fell like a small meteor shower in the sky, many candidates opened their mouths slightly.

“Show them more of your power,” Shi Yu said slightly. “Eleven.”

“Wuu!!!” On the ground, Eleven howled loudly. With a wave of its small right arm, the hardening substance was released. A hardening black umbrella was formed and raised up by Eleven. Its movements couldn’t be said to be very similar to Shi Yu, who was holding an umbrella beside the arena. It could only be said to be completely the same!

“Ji!” Buggy quickly crawled back to Eleven’s shoulder to avoid being affected.

Boom!!!

The three types of meteor shower suddenly made the already low visibility venue even worse. In the face of this move, Eleven used transcendent Level Hardening to easily block it.

“Thunder chain!!!”

Zhang Qian shouted, and lightning flashed from the Thunder Cloud Sprite in the sky again. The arena filled with water and electricity suddenly produced a chain lightning that sealed the entire arena and quickly spread close to Eleven and the bug.

Intermediate Lightning Control Skill, Thunder Chain!

At this moment, the entire venue became impossible to stay in.

This was a control skill with a strong paralysis effect. It wouldn’t cause any damage, but it would numb the whole body, causing lightning restraints and affecting mobility. Even pets of the thunder family couldn’t escape.

Eleven’s Hardening and High Speed Healing couldn’t defend against this move, and its thunder resistance wasn’t enough to be immune to this skill. It could only dodge.

“It’s useless.” As the sky stopped raining, Shi Yu put away the umbrella.

The lightning chain flowed crazily in the arena. Under everyone’s gaze, white light condensed on the Little Iron Eating Beast’s back again, and a pair of wings appeared, slowly flying it up.

Everyone was stunned. They quickly looked at the Green Silkworm on its shoulder which had indeed closed its eyes again.

“The Insect God is making a move. The Phantom Illusion is here.”

“Beautiful dodge.”

At this moment, when they saw the worm starting to support the Iron-Eating Beast, many candidates revealed excited expressions.

Half a day had passed. In this Internet era, according to the insane performance of the green worm, literally everyone knew about its playstyles.

Although they didn’t know why a Green Silkworm could master illusions, in short, the Worm God was awesome.

Swoosh!!!

As it had practiced it many times, Buggy’s movements were relatively agile as he flew with Eleven.

However, the lightning chain on the ground also rose into the sky at the same time, turning into a lightning snake that chain in the sky, trying to catch up to Eleven and Buggy.

Zizi!!!

In fact, after leaving the water stain on the ground, the current lightning chain was much easier to deal with. Eleven could completely use the lightning palm to cut it open, and the worm could also cut it with the worm silk. However, as everyone looked at the little Iron-Eating Beast and the worm chased up by the lightning chain, their gazes flickered and suddenly felt that something was wrong.

It seemed like Zhang Qianyi didn’t want to control his opponent at all. She purely wanted to force him to move.

“Thunder Flame Storm!”

Three colors flashed in Zhang Qian’s palm again. Her expression was firm. Since Shi Yu wanted her to use the three combination skills, she would use them well.

Her teacher had said that even commander-level creatures would be injured if they resisted this move.

She was extremely confident in this move!

Boom!!!

In the sky, the Thunder Cloud Sprite, Fire Sprite, and Wind Sprite locked onto the flying Little Iron-Eating Beast and Green Silkworm.

She wanted to see how they could dodge this in the sky!

Although they flew pretty well, the combination of the bug and Eleven was actually full of flaws in the eyes of the pets that could really fly.

“Damn, this woman is so ruthless,” Yu Shu said as he looked at the venue.

Even if that Iron-eating Beast could withstand it, the worm was in danger!!!

It wouldn’t directly evaporate, right?

“!” At this moment, the judge, Master Qu Jie, narrowed his eyes. He was already prepared to control the situation at any time.

After judging this move, even if the worm had hardening defense, it would be very difficult to resist. After all, the basic attributes weren’t enough.

However, for Beast Tamers with rich battle experience, it was not impossible. At this moment, they could directly summon their pets back and then summon them again.

The Beast Taming Space was a perfect transit station!

In the wild, by taking back some pets from battle in time, they could largely avoid fatal injuries.

Of course, the premise was to take back the pet. The safety of the Beast Tamer himself had always been guaranteed.

Shi Yu could totally do that, but in a normal competition, recalling pets was generally regarded as giving up the right to fight for the pet to avoid danger.

Countless masters looked at Shi Yu.

However, at this moment, everyone realized that Shi Yu was not flustered at all.

He even crossed his arms and looked at the sky calmly.

It was as if Eleven and Buggy flying into the sky wasn’t forced by the opponent at all, but because they wanted to do it in the first place.

Under the lockdown of the Thunder Cloud, Fire, and Wind Sprites, Eleven and the bug flew higher and higher, quickly surpassing the height of the three elemental elves.

“F*ck, don’t tell me they still want to play Wuji Airlines?”

“These elemental elves aren’t living targets like Fang Ji’s elves.”

Fang Ji: “Are you crazy?”

Many spectators realized that Shi Yu seemed to be showing signs of wanting to play the Airlines battle tactic again.

Could it be that he was going to add the Thunder Palm this time?

A palm that descended from the sky in the state of the Thunder Armor?

There was no point. At this height, it might not necessarily be able to match the explosive speed brought by the Thunder Palm. Its power wouldn’t increase much. Moreover, the position was too awkward.

Most people didn’t know what Shi Yu wanted to do. Only those who were familiar with Shi Yu at the spectator area of the Ancient Capital University suddenly remembered something.

“Holy shit.” They looked at Eleven, who was facing the three elemental elves who had condensed Thunder Flame Storm in the sky, and suddenly remembered something.

Boom!!

At this moment, under Zhang Qianyi’s weak expression, the Thunder Flame Storm condensed with a bang. The golden, green, and red-colored storm intertwined with each other swept into the sky in a very violent manner, targeting the Iron Eater.

Yu Shu’s Soul attached Bone Dragon was directly insta-killed under this move!

The terrifying destructive power could be clearly sensed by the audience from very far away.

“Can he block it??”

“No, can he dodge it?”

Everyone stared at the sky, but in the next moment, their expressions gradually became strange.

That was because in the sky, facing the rolling thunderstorm, the little Iron-eating Beast let out an excited howl again!

Its eyes were filled with battle intent.

“F*ck, he’s crazy.”

All the candidates saw the Little Iron Eating Beast’s wings suddenly disappear. Then, wings appeared on both sides of the worm. The worm opened its eyes and continued to fly into the sky with horror in its eyes, as if it wanted to fly away, leaving the Little Iron Eating Beast without wings to face the Thunder Flame Storm alone!

It was going to fight head-on? Or in the sky?

Just as everyone was at a loss, they suddenly opened their mouths wide.

They saw an extremely shocking scene.

In the face of the Thunder Flame Storm, the one-meter-tall Eleven fell and hit the Thunder Flame Storm with a palm.

The process was very much like a mayfly shaking a tree. However, suddenly, Eleven’s black hard palm increased dozens of times under everyone’s stunned and unbelievable expressions!!

Boom!!!

In an instant, a huge black palm with a diameter of more than ten meters covered the sky with a bang. On the black palm, there was an intense and violent terrifying blue lightning. This time, compared to the palm, the Thunder Flame Storm became a lot smaller!!

It was expert level in one of the uses of multiplication, partial multiplication!

“How is this possible…” The shocking change made Zhang Qianyi widen his eyes.

In the next second, a huge hardening Thunder Palm that was more than ten meters wide directly hit Thunder Flame Storm!!

“Bang!!” With a bang, the Thunder Flame Storm that originally made Zhang Qianyi extremely confident was actually instantly distorted by the slap when it touched the huge lightning palm that fell down. Along with a terrifying explosion, it dissipated with a bang!

Then, the three types of energy fluctuations quickly wrapped around the Thunder Palm, but it was quickly swallowed by the violent lightning power contained on it, unable to break through the hardened defense layer!!

The huge palm was still falling. In mid-air, looking at the black shadow that fell, the Thunder Cloud Sprite, Fire Sprite, and Wind Sprite also widened their eyes and widened their mouths. But at this moment, facing the huge palm, they also felt a strong deterrence at the same time. This deterrence almost made them unable to react at the first moment. They couldn’t escape the area where the huge palm landed!

Boom!!!

The huge palm “gently” swatted down, pressing down the three elemental elves and continuing to fall towards the arena. In a short moment, it was as if the sky was collapsing. As the huge palm fell, the entire arena suffered the most tragic destruction from the start of this match!!

With a crack, the entire center of the arena was directly flattened!!

A huge palm print was imprinted in the center of the arena!!

At this moment, the palm that destroyed the arena actually had a small tail. It was surprisingly a much smaller bear cat…

“Wuu!!!” The little bear cat let out a fierce roar.

How was it!!!

It named this move…

Before Eleven could finish naming it, the huge palm quickly shrank like a leak. Even shrinking was the size of Eleven’s main body. After all, this move consumed too much energy. When Eleven shrunk to about ten centimeters, it could breathe calmly.

“Wuwu…” The hanging-sized Little Iron Eating Beast climbed onto the gravel and looked at the three elemental elves who fainted in the rubble, as well as the bug that jumped down from the sky again.

This time, Buggy didn’t do the job of advertising the skill name, but Eleven expressed his poor judgment!

Add the name of my combination skill!

The small Iron-eating Beast, the Green silkworm, and the three unconscious Elemental Elves…

There was also the smiling Shi Yu and the stunned Zhang Qianyi, forming the final battle scene.

Silence.

In the entire Ancient Capital Arena, there was an unprecedented silence.

Yin Zhengfan, Yu Shu, and the other seeded candidates and candidates who had already been eliminated looked at the venue in shock.

Not to mention them, countless master-level Beast Tamers were opening their mouths wide at this moment, feeling that it was ridiculous!

“How is this possible!!” Zhang Qianyi’s teacher, an old woman, said in shock.

Beside her, Yu Shu’s mother was also stunned.

This was… multiplication???

Transcendent Level Hardening+Perfect Level Thunder Palm+Expert Level Hardening?

Another high-level skill above proficiency level?!

This is a mid-level transcendent iron-eating beast?? Are you sure you’re here to participate in the vocation assessment and not the master assessment?

Countless candidates’ mindsets exploded. Isn’t this Iron-eating Beast a little too ridiculous! May I ask, where is it for sale?

“It’s indeed multiplication…” Only the Archeological Seven Elites swallowed their saliva and had an expression of ‘as expected’.

Senior Panda and the others’ hearts were thumping. They were extremely excited when they saw the little Iron-eating Beast’s performance.

So powerful…

At this moment, the one who was most shocked was still Shi Yu’s opponent, Zhang Qianyi. She opened her mouth slightly and wanted to say something, but she was already so tired that she couldn’t say anything.

She stared at Shi Yu with a pale expression, as if she wanted to see through him.

Even Master Qu Jie had mixed feelings.

“Are you trying to ask why the iron-eating beasts of medium-level transcendent races are so strong? Moreover, they can multiply?” Shi Yu looked at Zhang Qianyi.

Zhang Qian was stunned.

“Actually, it’s very simple. My Iron-eating Beast has awakened its ancient bloodline and is in a state close to evolution.”

Shi Yu chuckled.

“Evolution??”

The moment Shi Yu spoke, the entire venue froze. Iron-eating beasts could evolve?

Why had they never heard of it?

Many young candidates showed blank expressions.

“Iron-eating beasts… can indeed still evolve.” Master Qu Jie took a deep look at Shi Yu and announced the assessment results.

“Shi Yu advanced successfully in the fourth round of the assessment.”

“Those who want to understand the evolution of the iron-eating beast can go to the Dong Huang Network to check the information.”

As the person in charge of the assessment who had been paying attention to every seeded candidate, Master Qu Jie knew more.

When Master Qu Jie finished speaking, many candidates were stunned. Then, they subconsciously took out their cell phones and searched Dong Huang Net.

Just as they entered the page, the headline was a piece of news that stunned them.

‘The potential evolution of the Iron-eating Beast Monarch is born! Discovered by Archeologist Shi Yu!’