Chapter 127 - Splitting Thunder

Chapter 127: Splitting Thunder

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

After the third round of assessment, it was a short break.

Whether it was the audience or the candidates, they could find something to eat.

Shi Yu stared at the small television quietly. There was still the last match.

Yin Zhengfan vs Ji Ke.

Ji Ke was that seeded candidate in strange clothes that looked like ancient wuxia clothes.

Her strength was not bad either. The two pets walked the technical path. For example, her Water Blade Mantis used the Water Slash skill as the core to create a fancy saber art. Unfortunately, it encountered Yin Zhengfan.

With a deterrence from Yin Zhengfan’s Zonyan Rock Beast and a spatial shackle from the Sky Crystal Butterfly, he directly took away her two pets’ winning chances.

Yin Zhengfan’s Zonyan Rock Beast also mastered deterrence, but when Yin Zhengfan showed it, no one was surprised.

In the matches earlier, there was a Green Silkworm that could master the dragon’s might. Mid-level transcendent iron-eating beasts could master deterrence. The Zonyan Rock Beast was a pet of a monarch race. It was too scientific to awaken its king’s aptitude.

“Although the technical stream is good, you have to have the ability to support it.”

After watching the battle, Shi Yu only had this feeling. Under the same battle power, it was indeed quite outstanding, but when it came to experts, it was immediately weak.

Letting Eleven use the Continuous Thunder Palm to execute a set of gorgeous and fancy palm skills was far inferior to directly multiplying it and using the Thunder Palm at full strength. It was simple and convenient.

“That lump of Thundercloud Sprite has Thunder deterrence, and this Zonyan Rock Beast has deterrence. It’s not easy.”

Eleven and Buggy ate quietly, not wanting to hear Beast Tamers’ troubles.

Being difficult meant that the enemy couldn’t be insta-killed. That was indeed difficult.

“Fortunately, Yin Zhengfan didn’t contract too many pets…”

Shi Yu got up and stretched his body. Yin Zhengfan had the Beast Taming Space strengthening talent. In theory, he could contract four pets now. However, because he had been a Beast Tamer for too short a time, he couldn’t nurture them. Currently, he only contracted two.

If he completed the contract, the pressure on Shi Yu and the others would increase.

“I’ll go order a box lunch,” Shi Yu said to Eleven and Buggy.

Although he had eaten a bunch of snacks and supplements in the house, he still had to make do with lunch.

“( ̄ ▽ ̄) ~ □ ) Wu!” “Ji!!” Eleven and Buggy raised their glasses to send him off.

1

…

Ancient Capital Arena.

After the third round of assessment ended, there were immediately only a few scattered people left.

During lunch break, regardless of whether it was the contestants or the audience, they had to eat.

This time, Shi Yu held the lunch box and sat quietly on the high platform. With fewer people, he looked down at the venue from the perspective of the audience and other candidates.

From this angle, he must be very handsome.

“It’s faded…” Shi Yu finished the last mouthful of lunch. Then, just as he was about to get up and return to wait for the battle to begin in the afternoon, his cell phone suddenly rang.

It was from Senior Panda.

“What’s wrong?” Shi Yu took the phone.

“Where are you? The assessment passed!”

She was talking to the Iron-eating iron beast evolution details.

“Just now, my father and Director Li received the news!”

On the other end of the phone was Lin Xiuzhu’s excited voice.

Shi Yu smiled. Although he already knew, he still said, “Really?”

“Well, look at the time. It will be announced on the Dong Huang Network at 13: 00 PM!”

Dong Huang network, the official media of the country and the most formal information website.

Shi Yu glanced at the time. It was currently 12: 30. In other words, half an hour later?

At the same time, it was also the time for the first round of the afternoon assessment to begin.

Against Zhang Qianyi.

“I’m looking forward to it…”

Shi Yu looked at the time.

“Then I have to show off a little. After the battle, I’ll advertise on the spot…”

There were so many big shots present. Perhaps he could pull in some investment.

Now, Shi Yu and Panda’s Bamboo Stone Dojo and Iron-eating Beast Breeding Base were in a win-win situation.

Iron-eating Beast Breeding Base, cultivated Iron-eating Beasts.

Bamboo Stone Dojo, teaching the method to nurture iron-eating beasts.

The other industries of Panda’s senior sister grew Iron-eating Beast related food resources.

He was the chief evolution planner of the Iron-eating Beasts, the spokesperson of the Iron-eating Beast Breeding Base in Ping Cheng.

He could completely arrange the Beast Tamers who wanted to nurture iron-eating beasts clearly.

Previously, Hall Master Lin had begged Shi Yu to join their family business almost every day.

As the chief evolution planner of the iron-eating beasts, Shi Yu was almost the spokesperson of any iron-eating beast breeding base. Any place with his face on it would become the orthodox symbol.

Behind him represented huge benefits. Hall Master Lin, who had spent hundreds of millions on the iron-eating beast’s evolution, was counting on Shi Yu to save his life.

As for Shi Yu, in the face of Hall Master Lin’s passionate request… Did he have a choice?

“So the current situation is that the richer Senior Panda’s family is, the richer I am.”

“Forget about everything else, I’ll definitely have Eleven’s food in the future.”

Shi Yu sighed. This time, he shouldn’t be considered a pretty boy of rich ladies, right?

He had also played a huge role.

However, in that case, he had to think of a way to let Ping Cheng’s breeding base… No, let the economy of Ping Cheng rise.

After all, the business of Lin Xiuzhu’s family had always been closely related to the economy of Ping Cheng, and it was half country-based and personal-based.

Speaking of which, if he could crack the Ice Dragon Ruins, he would be able to obtain the index and new high-level ruins space.

He just didn’t know what use the ruin bead in his hand had when breaking through the ruins and whether it could be preserved after the battle.

If it could be preserved, its best use had already appeared.

Through this ruin bead, the largest iron-eating beast breeding base in Ping Cheng, the village of giant pandas in Dong Huang, the planting a large number of iron-eating beasts related spiritual plants… In the future, as the iron-eating beasts became monarch races and overlord races, Icefield City might be able to become a first-level city with this.

Many cities really developed under the light of unique pets.

After returning, he had to discuss it with Old Feng and Old Lin to make the greatest use of the ruin beads.

The premise was that when he cracked the Ice Dragon Ruins, this Ruins Bead would not be destroyed—God bless. He also wondered, after the Ice Dragon Ruins space was broken, would there be new ruins…

Shi Yu fell into deep thought. He suddenly understood why Bureau 11 had so many ruin beads to distribute.

…

January 10th.

In the afternoon.

The Ancient Capital Arena became lively again.

Many candidates and spectators returned to the arena after lunch to watch the afternoon assessment.

“Although I didn’t pass this year’s assessment, I’ve learned something new. They’re both transcendent pets, but other people’s pets can actually be so strong. Damn it.” In the audience, a candidate complained.

“You’re alright. I’ve already grown three years of experience. My Beast Taming Space has already reached level three, and I can’t even pass the third survival assessment…”

“Brother, it’s alright. We’ll work hard together in the next assessment.”

“Let’s give it a try!”

Various discussions came from all over the venue. The most discussed voices were the advancement battles of the next four semifinals.

Iron-eating Beast Knight, tactical genius, Master Player Shi Yu vs Elementalist Zhang Qianyi, who had the higher chance of winning?

“This time, Shi Yu should be punished, right?!”

Many people thought so.

It wasn’t that Shi Yu attracted a lot of hatred, but he was really a little out of place. Many Beast Tamers were secretly unhappy that they weren’t as good as this guy…

Could it be that acting like an eighth grader with eight grade syndrome was the correct way to become a powerful Beast Tamer? They didn’t believe it! Unless Shi Yu could get first place, only then would they reluctantly follow the trend.

“Zhang Qianyi’s Beast Taming Talent is stronger. Compared to Shi Yu’s telepathy Talent, she’s clearly better. However, how did Shi Yu’s talent manage to train his pet to be so strong…”

“In terms of pets, Zhang Qianyi’s Beast Taming Space has reached level three. Forget about the strength of the pets, the number of them already won. Moreover, Zhang Qianyi can perfectly coordinate their strength into one. This is another advantage.”

The ordinary candidates analyzed, and the Masters also analyzed. This battle… was difficult to say.

Although Zhang Qianyi had hope of defeating Shi Yu, Shi Yu also had a very high chance of defeating Zhang Qianyi.

In the promotional video, the iron-eating beast’s Thunder Palm and the profound skill of hardening were edited.

As for this profundity, because the opponent was too weak in the video, the duration it could be maintained was too short. It was only for an instant, so the power displayed was not obvious.

Now, the only thing that these masters were puzzled about was how Shi Yu’s Iron-eating Beast’s coordination was. Could it really control the profundities and to what extent?

This might be the most important deciding point of this battle.

Because, no matter how strong Zhang Qianyi’s combination skill was, it was only in the category of combination skills. It was something professional Beast Tamers played with.

As for profundities, they were in another field. They were the unique skills of masters.

“Beep—” After the big screen displayed Shi Yu and Zhang Qianyi’s avatars, Master Qu Jie whistled and signaled for the two candidates to go on stage.

He couldn’t see his expression, but he was very curious about what Shi Yu would do this time.

Zhang Qianyi was a very orthodox battle-type Beast Tamer. Facing a beautiful girl, Shi Yu couldn’t possibly destroy her, right?

It was a normal battle! Leave a good impression on the girl! Don’t copy the Yu Shu style from the previous round!

Master Qu Jie didn’t know why he was worried about the young people.

A moment later, Shi Yu walked out of the candidate passage.

He was still so handsome and cool.

“Junior Shi Yu, charge!!!”

At the spectator area of Ancient Capital University, the seven archeological elites cheered for Shi Yu.

If the top scorer this year could become a new student in the Archeology Department, the Archeology Department would definitely be very in a comfortable state for the next year!

Shi Yu represented their future!

After Shi Yu walked onto the stage, opposite him, Zhang Qianyi also stepped onto the stage at the same time.

There seemed to be more voices calling out to her.

The girls might not necessarily cheer for Shi Yu, but the male candidates would definitely cheer for Zhang Qianyi. As Shi Yu stood in the arena, he only felt that the world was cruel.

“That’s… the sword hilt?”

“You brought a sword?”

After coming up, when Zhang Qian observed Shi Yu and saw something similar to the hilt of a light sword at his waist, she was immediately stunned.

Could it be…

Could it be that Shi Yu’s battle with her this time would be as crazy as the survival trial?

Wasn’t he afraid of being struck by lightning if he went on stage!?

She couldn’t guarantee Shi Yu’s safety.

“Holy shit, Shi Yu seems to have brought a sword.”

“What do you mean? Is he going to overcome the lightning tribulation with the sword?”

Many spectators also realized that Shi Yu carried a prop with him and could not help but be surprised.

“No.” Shi Yu said, “This is only an umbrella. Your Thunder Cloud Sprite’s rain area is too large. I don’t want to become a drenched chicken like Yu Shu.”

Zhang Qianyi: “?”

Master Qu Jie:???

The audience, including Yu Shu:???

“Beep—” Master Qu Jie’s expression darkened. He immediately blew the whistle, indicating for the competition to begin.

Stop chatting, stop chatting, hurry up and fight!

This is a professional assessment, not a chatting stage!

The whistle sounded. Both Zhang Qianyi and Shi Yu immediately summoned their pets.

Zhang Qianyi’s summoning array appeared in the sky, while Shi Yu’s summoning array appeared on the ground.

The figures of the Thunder Cloud Sprite, Fire Sprite, and Wind Sprite, as well as the Little Iron-Eating Beast and Green Silkworm, appeared on the arena in an instant!

Boom!!!

The moment it appeared, the thundercloud Sprite that looked like a black thundercloud activated its thunder skill. Electricity surged inside!

A deafening sound immediately spread throughout the venue, making many candidates cover their ears, their hearts trembling.

However, the main targets of this sound were still the little Iron-Eating Beast standing in the arena and the green worm on its head!

At this moment, with a boom, rain clouds immediately appeared on the field. The rain clouds condensed almost instantly. Raindrops fell, and the sky was pitch-black. The thunder was deafening.

“Wuu!” “Ji!!!” Seeing that the other party actually took the initiative to attack and used a deterrence skill, the dual deterrence of Eleven and Buggy suddenly erupted!!

Although the energy value of the Thunder Cloud Sprite was above Eleven, Eleven’s deterrence proficiency was higher, and he had the support of Buggy!

Boom!

The substantialized aura was intimidating, making the raindrops distort and disappear in mid-air. At this moment, the deterrence collision of the three sprites on the field and even the candidates outside the field could clearly feel… that it was abnormally scary!

With a bang, it was as if the air was colliding with each other. The entire arena was wrapped in two huge auras. As the auras collided, lightning flashed and thunder rumbled in the sky. However, an instant after the collision, the deterrence power of the Thunder Deterrence was quickly suppressed. Zhang Qianyi’s expression didn’t change. She didn’t expect that the Thunder Cloud Sprite’s deterrence could defeat the deterrence of the Little Iron Eating Beast. As long as it could withstand it, it would be considered a victory.

Her killer moves were still not used yet!

Boom!!!

After the thunderclap, along with the rain, a thick thunderbolt accompanied the thunderclap as it rumbled down.

With the double strengthening of storm and deterrence, the power of this high-level thunder skill, had reached its maximum. At this moment, the several-meter-thick thunder pillar descended. Eleven showed an excited expression, making Buggy’s eyes widen as it hurriedly jumped away from Eleven…

“Lightning Blade,” said Shi Yu, who was holding an umbrella at the edge of the arena.

“Wuu!!”

Upon hearing Shi Yu’s command, Eleven roared. A strong blue and white electric current began to appear in its palms. At the same time, the lightning began to spread throughout its body and invade it.

Zizi!!!

Under the lightning, its mouth and eyes seemed to be filled with lightning.

In the next moment, all the hair on its body stood up. Its Perfect-level supervision was also activated. It formed a profundity with the Thunder Palm and looked at the lightning in the sky. Its body seemed to have turned into a bolt of lightning itself!!

Then, in this berserk state, Eleven took a deep breath and finally stepped hard.

Crack!

A crack appeared in the arena.

The Little Iron Eating Beast’s figure disappeared on the spot!

The audience’s breathing tightened.

What was it doing?

After a moment, all the candidates looked at the sky. Their hearts trembled violently, and they revealed expressions of disbelief.

Everything happened in the blink of an eye. In mid-air, the high-level skill lightning that the Thunder Cloud Sprite released, which looked like a lightning pillar, was actually divided into two at this moment. It was as if it was sliced apart by the sharpest weapon… And the energy dispersed stopped in mid-air!

Everyone saw that the one who sliced and tore apart the lightning was the little Iron-Eating Beast that leaped up with all its might. At this moment, the blue and white lightning on its hands formed a sharp contrast to the golden lightning summoned by the Thundercloud Sprite. Many people widened their mouths in shock. This, this could also be done??

The lightning was so fast, how did this little Metal-eating Beast cut through the lightning so accurately and quickly!!!

Monster!

Zhang Qianyi and the Thunder Cloud Sprite’s expressions changed almost at the same time.

“Is this the power of the perfect-level Thunder Palm…”

The candidates looked at the little Metal-eating Beast that had fallen onto the charred ground again with high battle intent, and their hearts trembled.

Fuck.

Previously, it had always been Buggy showing off. Now that they saw the little Iron-Eating Beast attack, it immediately gave the candidates an illusion that it was a lifetime ago.

“Apart from the Perfect Level Thunder Palm, there’s also the Perfect Level super vision,” Legendary Yin said quietly. Otherwise, it wouldn’t be so easy for this Iron-eating Beast to capture the movement of the lightning and the weak points of energy so easily and successfully cut it open.

This move couldn’t simply be considered a perfect-level Thunder Palm anymore. Instead, it was a profundity formed by perfect-level Thunder Palm and supervision. It was a profound skill that could allow the Little Iron Eating Beast to perfectly control the lightning stimulation!

“Senior, is this the Thunder Palm of your Bamboo Stone Dojo? Impressive!!!” The seven archeological elites in the audience seats of Ancient Capital University said.

The panda senior was silent. She kept feeling that Lin Hongnian’s Iron-eating Beast’s Thunder Palm had never been so smooth…