Chapter 123 - You’Re A Gu Master?

Chapter 123: You’re A Gu Master?

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“…”

Shi Yu looked at the engraved worm silk parachute and felt ten thousand iron-eating beasts rolling across his heart.

Could we discuss this in advance next time…

Why didn’t it transform into a wing like usual and weave a parachute instead?

“Shi Yu wins!”

Shi Yu was stunned. After Master Qu Jie announced the results, he finally couldn’t tolerate it anymore and directly put it and Eleven back into the Beast Taming Space.

Then, he turned and left, leaving the silent crowd behind.

It ended just like that?

Looking at the venue destroyed, everyone was speechless.

And now, Fang Ji had completely lost his dream.

He didn’t know if it was because of deterrence or because of Buggy’s frivolous actions, but his brain was buzzing.

“I’m just a Beast Tamer.”

Fang Ji didn’t understand why he had to take this blow that didn’t match his age.

“Unbelievable…”

A moment later, some master-level Beast Tamers in the audience also made comments.

At the spectator area of Ancient Capital University.

Dean Lu of the admissions office grinned and said, “What seems like a simple strategy is completely not simple…”

“Yeah.” Archeology Department Director Li nodded.

“At that height, it can accurately lock onto the enemy… This seemingly ordinary attack contains something extraordinary…”

“How many trump cards are they hiding?”

Wuji Airlines’ super vision and deterrence were indispensable.

Otherwise, it wouldn’t be a battle tactic, but suicide.

“Moreover, that little Metal-eating Beast at the end only looked to be slightly injured…”

Director Li couldn’t understand. This kind of physique, are you sure it’s an Iron-eating Beast and not an Iron-eating Beast that had evolved?

Director Li had personally seen the evolution of the iron-eating beast that was comparable to a dragon’s physique.

However, that was the result of spending hundreds of millions.

As for Shi Yu, it was clearly just an ordinary Iron-eating Beast!

But soon, Director Li’s expression turned cold.

Holy shit, this Iron-eating Beast seemed to have also mastered transcendent Level Hardening. Don’t tell him that at the moment, this Iron-eating Beast was in a reserved state and had already completed its evolution!

If that was the case, why would the other candidates fight!

“I want to know more about that green worm.”

“Is that really a green worm?” Dean Lu had a strange expression.

He had never seen such a green silkworm…

He could accept transcendent-level worm silk and transcendent-level length.

However, the initial dragon might and the ability to create wings could no longer be explained by ordinary green worms.

“Haha…” Chief Physician Li laughed. Who the f*ck am I supposed to ask?

The Green Silkworm could learn skills other than worm silk? He had never even heard of it.

After all, the Green Silkworm was known as a pet that could not learn other skills before evolution.

However….

Things weren’t that absolute either.

This was for ordinary green worms.

If the green worm had some other bloodline, it might not be able to be defined as an ordinary green worm.

“Could it be a genetic skill?”

On the high ground of the arena, the white-bearded old man standing beside Legend Yin touched his beard.

“It should be,” Legend Yin said slowly.

Perhaps this was a special green worm that had broken through the racial restrictions and inherited new racial skills.

Otherwise, even these top-notch masters and even legendary Beast Tamers couldn’t think of a better explanation.

That’s right. How could a genius like Shi Yu contract an ordinary green worm?

…

In the examination candidates’ passageway.

Shi Yu summoned Eleven again.

He took a look at Eleven’s injuries and immediately slapped his forehead.

Good lord, why were you almost healed?

How could it receive treatment like this?

“Wuu!”

Eleven felt wronged.

Because it had the transcendent Hardening defense, no matter how strong the impact was or how many opponents injured it, it wasn’t heavily injured in the first place.

Then, if it used a high-speed healing to heal itself a little, wouldn’t the injuries be almost nonexistent…

“Gulp ~” But one way or another, this attack consumed a lot of energy. Eleven rubbed its stomach and expressed that it was hungry.

“…” Shi Yu rubbed Eleven’s panda head.

Sigh, it was also a problem for pets to be too outstanding.

Such an outstanding pet, which outstanding Beast Tamer cultivated it?

“Then let’s go look for food.”

“No, I better go to the medical room to take a look first. No matter how small the injury is, it’s still an injury.”

Then, Shi Yu made a decision.

Let’s see if we can encounter rare healing skills and recovery skills!

At the same time, he summoned Buggy that had yet to recover from their excitement and threw them at Eleven.

“Wuu!”

“Ji!”

Seeing Buggy come out, Eleven looked excited and matched its secret signal.

The parachute was really well made. If only the name of the Beast Tamer could be written on it. The words Wuji represented the two of them, but not their Tamer.

“Ji…!” Buggy expressed that he would try it next time and carve a pill symbol.

“There’s no need.”

“Next round, listen to my command.”

Shi Yu was afraid that the two pets would do it again, so he said with a dark face.

…

In the medical room of the Ancient Capital Arena.

At this moment, the examiner auntie was leaning against a chair in the room, watching a small television as she waited for the next injury number to enter.

She yawned, looking bored.

It was such a waste for a master-level Beast Tamer like her to be on duty in such a small battle.

But these newly-promoted professional Beast Tamers to be the future of Ancient Capital City.

A knock.

“Come in.”

“Sorry to disturb you.”

After Shi Yu brought Eleven and Buggy in, he immediately saw the examiner auntie sitting on the chair.

At this moment, she was looking at Shi Yu excitedly.

“You guys are pretty fierce.”

“Fighting head-on against the Anti-Injury Black Tortoise, it must have suffered a very serious injury this time.”

She felt that Eleven was forcefully holding on. It must be a pile of internal injuries.

“Oh ~” As the examiner auntie got up, a lying deer-shaped pet beside the seat also got up and let out a happy cry.

This deer wasn’t tall, and it had an earthen yellow body. It was very ordinary, but its antlers were like split green branches. No, to be precise, they were branches.

True Branch Horned Deer

[Attributes]: Wood

[Race Level]: High-level commander

In addition, on the table, there was a pet that was dozens of centimeters long. It looked like a big white radish and had features like a child. A pet with green radish leaves on its head swayed up.

Ginseng Baby

[Attributes]: Wood

[Race Level]: High Transcendent

At this moment, Shi Yu only saw the two pets and immediately felt that his body was very full.

The whiskers of a ginseng baby and the antlers of a real antler were all very nutritious…

At the side, sensing the Beast Tamer’s thoughts, Eleven subconsciously observed the energy in the two pets with its supervision and opened its mouth slightly.

This ginseng baby’s energy level was at least five times higher than its own, and the energy purity was even more flawless.

As for that deer, Eleven felt that the energy in its body was dozens of times more than his own. It was ridiculously terrifying.

“Sob…” Eleven carefully tugged at the corners of Shi Yu’s clothes.

“Don’t, don’t, we can’t win.”

Wait for it to work hard for a few more years.

“I know, I know.” Shi Yu slapped Eleven’s bear paw away.

Good lord.

It should be a commander rank Ginseng Baby and a monarch rank True Branch Horned Deer.

Both pets had broken through the restrictions of their race level, just like Master Lin’s Iron-eating Beast.

At this moment, the True Branch Horned Deer looked at Eleven and Buggy before turning to look at the Beast Tamer.

Something was wrong with them.

“Huh?”

The middle-aged lady was confused. Then, after hearing Lu’s explanation, she immediately stared at Shi Yu and Eleven in disbelief.

“Your Iron-eating Beast has mastered the High Speed Healing Skill?”

“It treated itself just now?”

Because the True Branch Horned Deer told her that the Iron-eating Beast didn’t have many injuries, and its body had signs of self-healing.

The examiner’s auntie widened her eyes and cursed in her heart. In the end, it didn’t look like it wasn’t injured, but was it really fine?

She originally thought that the accompanying move of this Iron-eating Beast was already ridiculous.

Upon closer inspection, it actually discovered that it had wood-element healing skills??

This was unscientific!

“Uh…” Shi Yu was stunned. How could it tell? He said,” Yes, but this skill consumes too much energy. It hasn’t been completely treated. “

It meant that you guys should heal it a bit.

The examiner auntie was silent for a moment before looking at the True Branch Horned Deer.

In the next second, the True Branch Ant nodded.

The branch-like antlers emitted a green halo. The halo kept expanding, and the domain enveloped Eleven and the worm.

Then, the injuries on Eleven instantly disappeared.

Perfect-grade High Speed Healing!

In addition to the healing speed, faster effects, and better effects, it could also become a multi-body healing skill.

At this moment, the examiner auntie turned around and took out a box of nutrient solution from the drawer.

“This is an energy nutrient solution produced by liquefying energy crystals. The effect of replenishing energy is slightly worse than energy crystals, but the absorption efficiency is faster. The pet can completely digest in a few minutes.”

“You should still have several battles ahead. Bring them all to your prep room. The effects are much better than the nutritional supplements there.”

“Thank you…” Shi Yu took the nutritional fluid and felt at a loss. That was it?

Shi Yu recognized the skill that healed Eleven. It was also super fast healing.

It was just that its proficiency was a little high.

However, it didn’t matter if its proficiency was high. Shi Yu wanted to see rare healing skills and recovery skills.

It was just an intermediate-level skill…

Could she show off a little?

After Shi Yu took the nutritional fluid, he looked at the big white radish sitting on the table, shaking its legs. He was curious about its skills.

The third pet, why not raise a white radish too? It looked pretty tender.

He could also produce supplements himself. Unfortunately, its race level was a little low, and its battle power was not high.

“What are you still looking at? You can’t bear to leave?” The middle-aged lady chuckled.

“You don’t need this thing. Baby Ginseng is for those Beast Tamers with enhanced talent to replenish their physical fitness and energy. You have a telepathy talent. On the battlefield, you’re just a cheerleader who’s watching the show. You don’t need it.”

Shi Yu :”…”

There was no need to be so direct.

Who did his telepathy talent offend?

“I’m just a little curious about the cultivation method of this non-battle pet,” Shi Yu said.

The examiner’s auntie smiled and said, “It’s not bad to be curious. After you enter university, you will have a lot of knowledge in this area. A large number of crystals of wisdom from the Beast Tamer seniors are collected there, and it’s much more profound than the public information on the Internet. You can go and understand it when the time comes. However, the knowledge on pet cultivation is too big. Even in a single field, a Beast Tamer can’t possibly finish exploring it even if they spend their whole life. Remember to differentiate between the main and secondary aspects. It’s good to find your own positioning.”

“Animals, plants, elements, machines, undead… There are also such magical Gu worms. Each of them is a profound domain. This is also the reason why Beast Tamers are born into so many professions.”

The middle-aged lady looked at the assessment that was starting again.

Now, it was the battle between the Gu Master Miao Dongdong and another seeded candidate, Lin Kai.

Shi Yu and the examiner auntie placed their attention on this little Gu Master with brown curly hair.

The opponent’s battle style was very strange.

Although he only had the second-level Beast Taming Space, he had three pets.

Shadow Gu, parasitic Gu, and the corpse of the Emerald Tree Python.

Among them, the parasitic Gu and the Jade Tree Python’s corpse could be seen as one, and were stored in the Beast Taming Space.

This pet combination was the magical thing about Gu Masters.

In fact, before the final ranking battle, Miao Dongdong’s Beast Taming Talent and his other pet, the Shadow Gu, were very mysterious, and no one had known about it.

However, as the assessment progressed to this point, the mysterious veil on his second pet and Beast Taming Talent had been lifted.

“For example, this little kid. Because of his’ symbiosis’ talent, not only can he rely on his own flesh and blood to nurture various Gu worms, he can also let them parasitize the body and display extraordinary strength.”

“Perhaps only this group of people can understand the miraculousness of the path of Gu worms. Outsiders will never be able to get started.”

On the screen.

The parasitic Gu controlled the Emerald Tree Python to fight the two pets at the same time.

Although the level of the Emerald Tree Python was not low, it was not its main body after all. The upper limit had been set. It seemed a little difficult to face the two pets carefully cultivated by the seed candidates.

However, at this moment, Miao Dongdong himself strangely controlled the shadow and assisted the Emerald Tree Python to control the other party’s Beast Tamer for an instant, interrupting the use of the other party’s Beast Taming Talent and seizing victory.

This was his first pet, the high-level transcendent Shadow Gu. Because of the “symbiosis” talent, it had always been fed by Miao Dongdong with flesh and blood to survive in Miao Dongdong’s body. The advantage was that Miao Dongdong’s physical fitness could be enhanced to the limit, far exceeding Beast Tamers of the same level and comparable to pets.

In addition, his life and mental connection with the Shadow Gu would be even stronger. Because their life forces were shared, he also obtained the ability to control the shadow, like how he could control his hands and feet, and control the Shadow Gu.

The coexistence talent of this Gu Master, the sharing talent of the shared skill, and the fusion talent of the fused pet had the same effect.

“Gu worms… are too strange.” Shi Yu looked at the scene and shook his head in disgust.

The essence of Gu worms was worms.

He couldn’t imagine the feeling of the insect parasitizing his body…

“Is that so? According to the advancement rules, the next battle seems to be between you guys.” The examiner’s auntie was full of smiles as she said, “I wonder which of you will come over to get treated first.”

Shi Yu :”…”

“Then I’ll go prepare for the next assessment first,” said Shi Yu.

“Go on, prepare well.”

“Alright.” Shi Yu was speechless. He planned to leave with Eleven and Buggy.

Before leaving, he didn’t forget to take a look at the big, watery radish.

He was curious about its whiskers and if it were better than divine beans.

At the same time, he was considering the cost-effective ratio of contracting a pet that could produce supplements on its own.

“Sigh.” In fact, it couldn’t save much money in the end. After all, under the situation of conservation of energy, what he replenished would have to be consumed by the pets. The consumption of the pets would have to be replenished with various nutritional supplements. Moreover, the cost of cultivating a pet was not small. It was better to buy supplements directly.

Or, it would be good to learn from Miao Xiaodong and contract a pet that could strengthen his physique.

“Sorry to disturb you.”

Just as Shi Yu was about to leave, Fang Ji rushed over.

When he realized that Shi Yu and the others were also here, his expression immediately changed.

He had just calmed down outside for a while, but now, his mind was blank again.

“Wuu!” “Ji!!”

Eleven and Buggy greeted Fang Ji and asked for their evaluation of the Airlines strategy.

However, Fang Ji couldn’t understand. He only felt annoyed when he heard Eleven and Buggy chirping.

Damn it, these pets and the Tamer were nothing normal.

Under Fang Ji’s disdainful gaze, Shi Yu left the infirmary with Eleven and Buggy smiling.

Although his reputation had been affected, Shi Yu immediately had a bad taste when he saw his opponent in such a miserable state. He found it interesting. Buggy’s handling of the situation had indeed almost made him laugh.

It even caused Shiyu to want to prank him more.

If he remembered correctly, one of the names of the various techniques that the worm had given its worm silk was called the Parasite Thread. It meant that it could use the worm silk to control someone like a puppet. Therefore, could it use the full-level worm silk to pull the parasite out of the body of the Emerald Tree Python and let the worm control the Emerald Tree Python?

Becoming a pseudo Gu Master to directly snatch a pet in front of Miao Dongdong? Although he didn’t know about Gu worms, a full-level worm-type skill, Worm Silk, was just that magical.

“Eh, isn’t this too crazy? In this case, what’s the difference between Buggy and the enemy…”

Buggy:???