Chapter 125 - : Real Richness

Chapter 125: Real Richness

Translator:

Atlas Studios

Efditor:

Atlas Studios

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

In the third round of assessment, Shi Yu advanced without any surprise.

But at the same time, another youth lost his dream.

Until he was rolled into a wrapping by his Emerald Tree Python, then flung onto the wall and slid down, the miserable Miao Dongdong still didn’t understand, didn’t understand!

Why could the green worm snatch away the parasitic Gu’s right to live with the green tree python?

Someone explain to him!

Even he, a Gu Master, couldn’t understand, let alone the other Beast Tamers.

“Hmm…”

Towards this battle, many master-level Beast Tamers could only grunt in silence. With their experience, they couldn’t explain this development.

Help!

What was wrong with this newcomer?

Could it be that the beast taming method of the new era was developing so quickly? There was a generation gap between them?

It didn’t seem like it, because the surrounding young candidates were also extremely silent, feeling that it was ridiculous!

For example, Yu Shu, Zhang Qianyi, Yin Zhengfan, and the others who might encounter Shi Yu next… None of them wanted to say anything!

This indeed meant that there was something wrong with Shi Yu.

“Not bad.”

“Yes, not bad.”

Even Yin Chuanqi and his cousin, who were at a certain place, only commented in silence, not wishing to look deeper.

It was meaningless to guess. Let the guy be himself!

At the spectator area of Ancient Capital University.

“Say, after he enters school, his archeology direction is alright. But in terms of battle, will there be any teacher to teach him the battle direction?”

Dean Lu asked Director Li.

Director Li :”…”

Forget about being a wonder in battle, our teachers can only teach limited archeology.

The archeology of people from Bureau 11 was disgusting! It was like they were watching the history channel!

“Bro, this is too showy.” At the same time, the archeological seven elites looked at the arena and sighed.

“No, it’s not that he is too outstanding, but the worm is too outstanding. I originally thought that Junior Shi Yu’s second pet was the Green Silkworm and was just a burden. Now it seems that I’m still too young and don’t understand the world of cheaters.”

“I, Zheng Yingjie, am willing to call it the strongest Green Silkworm!” Zheng Yingjie said. “The Worm God is reborn!”

Although they did not know what was going on, everyone could tell that the Green Silkworm had seized control of the parasite over the Emerald Tree Python.

Good heavens, it was just a green worm. Not only could it release dragon might as a giant dragon, but it could also use itself as a wing to drop nuclear bombs. Now, it could even use it as a parasite to snatch pets in front of people. Impressive.

“Senior Lin, you’ve always known that Junior Shi Yu is so awesome, right?” Lin Yu’er, a girl from the seven elites, asked Senior Panda.

Lin Xiuzhu, who was holding a camera :”…”

She felt that it was actually very normal before Shi Yu contracted a pet… Including Pet Eleven, it was also very normal and encouraging.

In the end, why did everything become like this, including the beast tamer himself and his pets? Lin Xiuzhu didn’t know why.

“This is too showy.” On the battle club’s side, the members of the Ancient Capital University team exclaimed.

During their vocation assessment, if Shi Yu had shown off half his power, he would at least have become a vice president now. Unlike now, where they had to train bitterly under the president’s gaze.

“Shut up.” The beast-eared girl stared at the cell phone wholeheartedly.

No matter how strong Shi Yu was, he didn’t attract her this time.

Because she was chatting with her goddess.

Lu Qingyi: “I’m outside the Ancient Capital Arena.”

White Brook: “Senior, I’ll go pick you up!”

Lu Qingyi: “No need, I’ll look for you later.”

White Brook: “Alright.”

White Brook looked at the chat record and exhaled slightly. She could see Senior Lu again. Great!

Although Lu Qingyi seemed to have come to look for Shi Yu…

Damn it, even though I was the one who talked to her first…

…

After the battle ended, Shi Yu returned happily.

It felt good to experience the feeling of stealing a pet?

Unfortunately, this was immoral. Only this time, just this once.

But it did prove the power of the worm’s parasitic silk.

Apart from that, its insect silk could actually sew up wounds. Apart from not being able to let the target maintain their bodily functions and inherit their racial skills, it was really similar to the parasitic skill of the parasite.

It was like the full-level worm silk had simulated other insect-type skills. Although it was a simple version, it felt a little like it was on track, as if it had come into contact with the insect-type “rules”.

It meant that when a certain skill reached the pinnacle, it would come into contact with “Dao” if it advanced further. That was how the laws of the world worked.

“Since there are no records in history, why don’t I give it a name? In the future, it’ll be called ‘Dao Proficiency’.” Shi Yu stretched.

Skill: Worm Silk (Dao Proficiency)

Perhaps it was because the level of the Worm Silk skill was too low, and it could only be called progressing into the Dao. If it were a transcendent skill with max level points, it might really be able to touch the power that only Mythical creatures like Origins and Rules could master.

As for the divine skills mastered by Mythical creatures, they were abilities that could directly mobilize laws and Origins. Shi Yu really wondered if the skill index could replicate this ability.

Forget it, don’t think too far ahead…

“The next round seems to be the battle between Yu Shu and that Zhang Qianyi?”

Shi Yu touched his chin and returned to the prep room, planning to take a good look.

He estimated that this boy, Yu Shu, might not necessarily win.

Even he didn’t have much confidence in facing that Zhang Qianyi. If he wanted to win, he would have to go all out.

The opponent’s talent was too terrifying for the pet’s battle power bonus.

A moment later, Shi Yu returned to the prep room. However, just as he opened the door, he was immediately stunned.

In the room, a woman with fair skin and short brown hair that glowed slightly was sitting on the sofa looking at her cell phone in a white shirt, a black uniform short skirt, and a white coat. Her long white legs were casually crossed.

After discovering that someone had entered, she used the back of her hand to adjust her glasses slightly. She looked over and sighed silently.

“Senior… Senior Lu?” Shi Yu was at a loss. He didn’t understand why Lu Qingyi would suddenly appear here.

“…” Lu Qingyi didn’t know where to start.

She wanted to cry.

She didn’t understand why Shi Yu, who was still very normal in Ping Cheng, had become like this.

After watching the editing of Shi Yu’s survival assessment three days ago, she had insomnia for the entire night.

She felt a little regretful that she didn’t personally guide Shi Yu and instead handed him to the similarly abnormal White Brook.

In her opinion, Shi Yu, who was riding an iron-eating beast and fighting personally, was even more ridiculous than White Brook. White Brook liked to fight herself, and her personality was crazy because of her fusion talent. However, Shi Yu was an archeologist with a telepathy talent, so why was he joining in the fun!!

If such a habit suddenly flared up during exploration of various ruins and mystic realms, it was very easy to court death!!

Lu Qingyi sighed slightly and rubbed her temples. “Long time no see.”

“Senior, long time no see!” Shi Yu’s eyes lit up, feeling that something good would happen.

After all, this person was the richest woman. Even the panda senior was a little inferior.

He hurriedly poured some water and handed it to Lu Qingyi.

“What’s this?”

“Sorry, I took the wrong one. This is the Happy Water of the Iron-eating Beast and the Green Silkworm.”

Lu Qingyi :”…”

“Your survival assessment and that so-called Wuji Airlines…” Lu Qingyi took out her cell phone. On it was a screenshot of Shi Yu’s various performances that White Brook had given her.

Lu Qingyi pushed out her cell phone and showed it to Shi Yu, looking at him playfully.

He was already so old, but he was still like a child.

Shi Yu blushed.

“…”

Good lord.

She even snitched on him?

Shi Yu looked at the picture of himself riding a panda and thought to himself, Sister Beast Ears, I’ll remember this.

“Cough, if I say that this was all Eleven and Buggy’s idea, would you believe me?” Shi Yu pushed the blame.

He was indeed framed.

Lu Qingyi was stunned.

Who was he kidding?

An Iron-eating Beast and Green Silkworm could think of using gravity to accelerate? They could think of using worm silk to advertise?

She didn’t believe that no one had instigated it.

“Forget it…”

Although she was also very concerned about this matter, it was Shi Yu’s own business after all. As long as Shi Yu was happy.

When she returned, teaching White Brook a lesson was the most important. The root of the problem was definitely here. White Brook must have led Shi Yu astray.

“Let me tell you a piece of good news. The approval of the iron-eating beast evolution plan has been passed.”

Lu Qingyi smiled and looked at Shi Yu.

Actually, she had been paying attention to this matter for a long time.

She was very pleased that Shi Yu could crack a new ruin in a short period of time after deciphering the ruin that he had awakened in Ping Cheng.

From the ruins of the Iron-Eating Beast, Shi Yu discovered the evolution method of the Iron-Eating Beast King’s potential and gave new research ideas. With these, it could actually prove Shi Yu’s talent. Shi Yu already had the qualifications to become an official member of Bureau 11.

Unfortunately, the assessment mission given to Shi Yu was to crack the Ice Dragon Ruins. Therefore, even if Shi Yu had other achievements now, he still had to wait a while.

“He passed? When?”

Shi Yu was stunned. He thought it would be the end of the month. So soon?

“Just this morning. If nothing goes wrong, the news of the iron-eating beast’s evolution can be announced on the Internet today.” Lu Qingyi tapped her finger on the table and said, “At the same time, your name should be able to spread throughout the country.”

Shi Yu:!!!

Shi Yu’s heart surged. However, was he the kind of person who cared about his reputation?

He wanted to know how much the reward for discovering the evolution of the iron-eating beast was!!

As the discoverer of the iron-eating beast’s evolution method and one of the practitioners, and even the appointed chief iron-eating beast evolution planner, he was too poor!!!

If it weren’t for the sake of raising Eleven and Worm, he definitely wouldn’t care about the bonus. After all, his dream was to be a handsome man who didn’t pursue fame and fortune. This was purely forced by life.

“That’s not the most important thing.” Lu Qingyi continued to smile.

“The most important thing is that I’ve read the evolution thesis you wrote. In it, it says that the Iron-eating Beast might still have a second stage evolution, right?”

“Yes.”

“Then… let go and study it.”

“As a reward for discovering the iron-eating beast’s evolution method, I’ve helped you apply for a billion yuan worth of evolution materials through Bureau 11’s channels. You can use it to buy the materials needed for your iron-eating beast’s evolution. Of course, it can only be used to study the iron-eating beast’s evolution.”

“Compared to other rewards, you definitely need this more.”

Lu Qingyi also knew that Shi Yu was poor. Lin Hongnian had spent hundreds of millions on the evolution of his Iron-eating Beast. She felt that Shi Yu’s demand would definitely be greater.

1 billion!

Shi Yu opened his mouth slightly.

“Really???”

“Of course,” Lu Qingyi said.

Shi Yu’s discovery was worth this value.

“1 billion…”

Even if Eleven multiplied its size, it could still equip a full set of armor!!!

His heart started to beat faster. He knew that something good must have happened since Lu Qingyi came.

This was too big!

Previously, when he sold resources, he couldn’t be considered rich at all. This time, he was!

“Alright.” Shi Yu’s expression was serious as he said, “The Iron-eating Beast’s potential is difficult to estimate. This money can indeed solve the urgent problem. Let’s carry out other experiments. I’ll use it well.”

Since the country provided this sum of money, he was confident that he could develop an iron-eating beast’s overlord race evolution path and provide a national-level pet to the Eastern Brilliance Ancient Nation!

Lu Qingyi crossed her arms and nodded.

At this moment, Lu Qingyi suddenly remembered the evolution method of the Goddess of Light Butterfly she had given Shi Yu.

“Your green worm… shouldn’t be planning to evolve into a Goddess of Light Butterfly, right?”

She had a helpless expression. If she remembered correctly, when she first saw that worm, that green worm was still very ordinary!

No, to be precise, including the Iron-eating Beast, they were also very ordinary.

But now, this bug seemed to have more tricks than the Iron-Eating Beast?

“Yes, I obtained some small gains in the ruins. The Green Silkworm obtained the inheritance left behind by an overlord-level Fantasy Clam,” said Shi Yu.

“Fierce Beast Phantom, Dream Clam, Illusion Phantom…” Lu Qingyi nodded.

This was the advantage of being an archeologist.

In exploring ancient ruins, one could always obtain unexpected opportunities from time to time.

A green worm had changed its fate just like that.

There was also Shi Yu’s Iron-eating Beast. Lu Qingyi estimated that it had also obtained quite a lot through the ruins.

This was in line with its current achievements.

However, Lu Qingyi didn’t want to ask too much about this. This was a secret that belonged to Shi Yu himself. Moreover, she was indeed not interested. Her gains in the ruins were much more than Shi Yu’s when she was young.

She had even come into contact with some Mythical opportunities.

Lu Qingyi thought of something again. It seemed that she had yet to tell Shi Yu about the Eleven Bureau assessment and the plant pet Shi Yu had mentioned to her!

“After you become a professional Beast Tamer, do you plan to explore the Ice Dragon Ruins?”

Shi Yu looked at the small television as he replied, “I should go exploring before school starts. I hope I can crack it successfully at once.”

Lu Qingyi nodded and said, “If you successfully crack it, you will be an official member of Bureau 11. As an official member of Bureau 11, we will usually distribute two items uniformly.”

“Item?” This was the first time Shi Yu had heard of it. He couldn’t help but look at Lu Qingyi.

“Yes.” Lu Qingyi nodded and said, “One is a technological product, equivalent to a universal illustrated handbook.”

“It can directly detect the information of all creatures from transcendent races to Mythical races recorded at the moment, as well as information on skills and resources. The level of access is very high.”

“In addition, it can also detect the specific growth level of the pet. The upper limit is the guardian level. It’s also a very good battle power detector.”

“At the same time, there are also all the maps of Dong Huang’s inside, including the distribution of some dangerous areas, mystic realms, and ruins. There are detailed records. Of course, they can also be used as communication devices.”

“This index can be customized. What style do you want? You can use me as a reference. The index I have is a cell phone model, and it’s equipped with a pair of glasses that can connect to the index data. This is more convenient.” She pointed at her glasses.

“Well… Actually, contact lenses can also be done, but I was more used to wearing glasses when I was young.” Lu Qingyi smiled.

After becoming a Beast Tamer, one’s physique would increase at the same time. Unless he was injured, there would basically be no short-sightedness.

Lu Qingyi said that she was used to wearing glasses when she was young… This proved that it was before she became a Beast Tamer.

Shi Yu sighed. It looked like she had been a genius since he was young…

But then again, this index sounded very fragrant.

It was completely a super encyclopedia.

He felt that there was no need to change his cell phone. This was enough. It was just that… It sounded a little corrosive. If he had this, wouldn’t it mean that he wasn’t allowed to memorize books seriously?

“Then I’ll also use the cell phone model. Then, I want a matching contact lens,” Shi Yu said.

“Then, do you plan to install an intelligent life form in this index? Or do you just want a program?” Lu Qingyi asked. “It’s probably the difference between a mechanical life form and an ordinary machine..”