Chapter 126 - : Expanding Benefits

Chapter 126: Expanding Benefits

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Shi Yu was slightly stunned.

In that case, what would he want?

Wasn’t it better to directly ask for the design of the beautiful cyborg?

1

However, he didn’t dare to say this, nor did he dare to mention it.

He was afraid that after he said it, even his cell phone shell would disappear.

“What’s the difference?” Shi Yu asked.

Lu Qingyi replied, “Apart from the fact that one is purely a program and the other has its own consciousness, there’s no difference in function.”

“Of course… Don’t expect to use it as a battle-type mechanical life form. The growth potential of such a mechanical life form is close to zero.”

“At most, I’ll be your personal assistant.”

Shi Yu fell into deep thought.

She was looking down on him!

As long as it was a pet, even if it was a cell phone, he could add points to become a nuclear bomb!

Uh, through upgrading points…

“Then, why don’t we do a program?” Shi Yu thought to himself.

Eleven and Buggy didn’t have enough money. If another gold eater came, he couldn’t afford it!

Even if he wanted to add points, wouldn’t it be better for him to find a mechanical pet with more comprehensive abilities and a higher racial level in the future?

Starting from a low-level race would cost too much and consume too much energy.

At that time, if he added some points and bonded with it… He would be wanting to upgrade its configuration, and the evolution materials would cost hundreds of millions. Where would he find them…

The one billion yuan that Senior Lu sent was barely enough for Eleven to evolve, and it couldn’t become multiplied by too much. Otherwise, it would definitely be hopeless to be fully armed.

“Alright.”

Lu Qingyi smiled and said, “But there’s no hurry to make a decision. You can consider it slowly.”

“Yes.” Shi Yu nodded.

Then, Lu Qingyi stretched and said,

“You actually already have the second tool that will be distributed. It’s the ruin bead on your neck.”

“However, the quality distributed by Bureau 11 is better. It’s a relic left behind by famous legendary Beast Tamers in history. It’s relatively well preserved, unlike this defective product. Your spatial strength has an upper limit and is unstable. Letting extraordinary creatures enter is already the limit.”

A new ruin bead?

Shi Yu was stunned. “Are these two items standard for members of Bureau 11…”

“To be precise, it’s the standard for official members.” Lu Qingyi nodded.

Both of them could greatly increase the safety of archeologists.

In the country, only Bureau 11 had this foundation.

“It’s the same as this, no, even better than this?” Shi Yu touched the ruins bead on his chest and was a little shocked.

“Of course…”

“However, this ruin pearl is a clue tool to explore the Ice Dragon Ruins. It’s still worth a little. Perhaps it’s the key to open the Ice Dragon Ruins.”

“When the time comes, let’s see how it’s related to the Ice Dragon Ruins.”

Shi Yu nodded. At the same time, he sighed slightly.

“I’m a little glad to have joined Division 11 now…”

How generous!

10,000,000 starting funds… Now he felt that it wasn’t even a drop in the ocean!

Lu Qingyi smiled. Would she lie to Shi Yu?

The status of an official member of Bureau 11 was even higher than that of a legendary Beast Tamer. It was not a simple thing.

And the value that a person with the talent to listen to the Voice of History could create was not what a legendary Beast Tamer could compare to.

The discoveries in those mythical ruins could almost be described as priceless treasures. It was the path to becoming a god.

“But these can only be distributed after you become an official member. Now you have the motivation, right?”

“Yes.” Shi Yu’s heart surged.

After the vocation assessment ended, he immediately decided that he would want to go to the snow mountain and pulled Old Feng, Old Lin, and the others to crack the Ice Dragon Ruins!

No, it wasn’t safe yet. It would be best to gather all the masters from all districts and counties in Icefield City to form a team.

If there was another legendary Tamer, Shi Yu felt that it would be even more stable.

He fell into deep thought again. Speaking of which…

Ice Dragon Ruins was also a huge ruin space.

However, no one had been able to find a way to open it until now.

Of course, this was also related to the low potential value and lack of attention in the Ice Dragon Ruins. It was very easy to ignore. After all, apart from the Ice Dragon Ruins, there were many Mythical Ruins in the country that had not been conquered.

Shi Yu was a little curious. After the Ice Dragon Ruins was cracked, was there a similar ruin pearl? Also, could there really be an Ice Dragon inside…

“Then here’s the last thing!”

Lu Qingyi heaved a sigh of relief. She felt so tired.

She was clearly preparing to nurture Shi Yu into an assistant, but why did he feel like she was Shi Yu’s assistant tool person instead? Was it an illusion?

Investment, everything was still investment now!

“It’s about plant-type pets,” Lu Qingyi said.

“I wonder if you’re still interested. I’ve already chosen a few targets for the plant-type pets you mentioned to me before. When your vocation assessment is over, I can take you to take a look.”

“Therefore, when the time comes, don’t be in a hurry to leave the Ancient Capital.”

He still had to see with his own eyes to determine if the contract was compatible with him.

Sometimes, race levels were very confusing.

The few plant pets she chose for Shi Yu were all types that were useful for archeology and had diversified development directions.

Shi Yu was stunned. She remembered!

Seeing Senior Lu’s expression, he felt that she had prepared another big gift for him.

“No problem…” Shi Yu agreed with a glint in his eyes.

Looking at Lu Qingyi was like looking at a goddess. One billion evolution materials, super illustrated handbook, high-level ruins space, news about plant pets…

These pieces of information made Shi Yu feel that the vocation assessment was boring and he wanted to end it quickly!

“I’m done talking.” Lu Qingyi glanced at the time, then at the small television. “Then you continue preparing for the assessment.”

“I’ll go find White Brook.” If they continued chatting, she was afraid that Shi Yu wouldn’t be in the mood to take the assessment.

At the moment, the assessment was still more important to Shi Yu. The better the assessment results, the better it was for his future development.

“Alright.” Shi Yu looked at the small television. At this moment, the battle between Yu Shu and Zhang Qianyi was already at the climax.

…

Ancient Capital Arena.

A black cloud Thundercloud Sprite with golden lightning flashing floated in the sky.

Inside it were two strange Little Spirits.

One was a Wind Sprite the size of a water bottle, similar to a small green tornado, and the other was a Fire Sprite similar to a flame. They were both elemental creatures of medium-level transcendent races. They were Zhang Qianyi’s first and second pets.

Although the race level was not high, they had also learned high-level skills outside their race. The current battle power was also extraordinary.

Boom!!!

At this moment, Yu Shu fell into a huge disadvantage.

Under the Thunderclap Skill of the Thundercloud Sprite, the battle intent of the undead-type Soul Dragon was greatly affected, including Yu Shu’s mentality.

Skill: Thunder

Skill Level: Advanced

< Introduction > With the power of thunder, it can intimidate the enemy and make them afraid.

Thunder rumbled continuously in the sky, the sound shocking the heart.

This was a thunder-type skill called Thunder Deterrence, Yu Shu clenched the silver necklace on his chest tightly. He was very glad that his mother had asked for level-three mental defense equipment at the last minute.

Otherwise, he wouldn’t even be able to show his talent in this battle.

But now, even if he activated his talent, the situation was still pushing him back step by step. The girl opposite was too violent.

With a wave of her hand, a bolt of lightning descended from the sky. A storm swept past, and it was simply unsolvable.

“This girl is so strong… Is she really from an ordinary family? How can she have such a talent?”

At the spectator area of Ancient Capital University, Qi Yingjie and the others looked at Zhang Qianyi standing on the ground and spoke one after another.

It was fine if she faced other contestants previously, but Yu Shu was an internally determined genius in the battle department of Ancient Capital University!

His parents were both top students who had graduated from Ancient Capital University. Now, they were already top-notch Beast Tamers!

Even so, Yu Shu’s Soul-Armored Bone Dragon was still retreating under the attack of the other party’s three elemental sprites.

Drip, drip, drip…

In the arena, the Thunder Cloud Sprite summoned the rain clouds, causing the entire arena to enter a rain state. Under the rain, its lightning was even more violent!

In addition, under the combination of Zhang Qianyi’s Elemental Coordination Talent, the Thunder Cloud Sprite’s high-level skill Lightning and the Wind Sprite’s high-level skill Storm directly formed a dual-element combination skill Lightning Storm in this weather.

A strong wind swept with the lightning and crushed towards Yu Shu’s Soul-Armored Bone Dragon in an even more violent manner.

This lightning and storm were both proficient proficiency levels, and it wasn’t even expert level. Moreover, it was used by two different pets. In theory, it was definitely impossible to fuse them, but at this moment, it had indeed successfully fused together, forming an exponentially greater power.

“Roar!!!”

The lightning storm swept over, and thick dark green flames appeared on the opposite side. The Soul-Armored Bone Dragon could still resist it with the Soul Fire Dragon Breath.

However, in the next moment, Zhang Qianyi’s expression froze, and she got the Fire Sprite to join the battle. As soon as the super three-element combination skills formed by the high-level proficiency skills Lightning, Storm, and Fire Vortex were formed, the Soul-Armored Dragon’s Soul Flame Dragon Breath was instantly obliterated!

Metal, green, and red storms blew over. In an instant, the bone dragon was swallowed.

The strengthened bones began to suffer the stimulation of violent lightning and flames. The recombination speed was far slower than the enemy’s destruction speed. The powerful destructive power immediately caused the bone dragon to wail.

As the Beast Tamer of the Soul attached Bone Dragon, Yu Shu felt his heart trembling at this moment!

“F*ck, how unreasonable!!!” On the other side, Yu Shu was about to explode in anger.

Girl, this combination skill of yours was f*cking unscientific.

Wind, thunder, and high-level fire skills were completely unrelated. The proficiency was not high either, and you could just combine them?!

This elemental coordination talent was too unreasonable.

Facing this Elementalist with outstanding looks and her three elemental sprites, Yu Shu and the Soul attached Bone Dragon were directly defeated a moment later!

This was also the first time Zhang Qianyi had all three pets attack and use three high-level combination skills.

“…Zhang Qianyi advances in victory.” At the side, Master Qu Jie looked at the unwilling Yu Shu and the slightly tired Zhang Qianyi and announced the results.

In terms of Beast Taming Talent strength, Zhang Qianyi’s Elemental Coordination Talent was indeed stronger. At the moment, it was alright. When her pet touched on seven or eight attributes and its level was a little higher, the super combination skill formed would be incomparably sick.

In comparison, although Yu Shu’s Soul Strengthening talent was also extremely rare, it was still slightly inferior.

Of course, in the end of this battle, although the Soul-Armored Bone Dragon was heavily injured in the aspect of pets… Zhang Qianyi, who supported the combination skill of the three elemental sprites, still consumed more energy.

At this moment, her face was pale, looking like she had consumed too much energy. Obviously, it was not easy to support pets to use three combination skills.

“Thank you for the fight,” Zhang Qian said to Yu Shu.

On the other hand, Yu Shu was very unhappy.

“Unfortunately, I can’t bump into Shiyu.”

Among the two, the winner would encounter Shi Yu. It was clearly not him now.

“Shi Yu…” Zhang Qian was slightly stunned. Obviously, she didn’t expect that Yu Shu would care about this after losing to her.

“Well, although you defeated me, I don’t think you can defeat him,” Yu Shu said.

Zhang Qianyi: “?”

The pressure Shi Yu gave Yu Shu was much greater than this Zhang Qianyi. Even if that bug couldn’t use high-level props to transform into an ice dragon, he still felt that Shi Yu hid many trump cards.

Shi Yu was his greatest goal in this assessment! Although the other party had defeated him, only he, Yu Shu, could defeat Shi Yu!

“This idiot.” Somewhere in the audience, Yu Shu’s irritable mother saw her son talking to the bright girl opposite after the competition and immediately cursed.

It’s none of your business whether Shi Yu is impressive or not. How are you going to find a girlfriend like this?

“Your son is really a straightforward man…” Just as Yu Shu’s mother was extremely irritable, her cigarette was extinguished, and her lungs were about to explode from anger, an old woman walked over and smiled.

“…” Yu Shu’s mother looked over and said, “You’ve taken in a good disciple. This Zhang Qianyi’s use of talent is very good.”

The old woman nodded and said, “Yes, it’s a pity that her physique is lacking and she can’t use your talent multiple times. If only she were a boy.”

“Girls are better.” Yu Shu’s mother’s face darkened.

At this moment, when they heard Yu Shu’s conversation with Zhang Qian, the venue let out a cry.

This Yu Shu had a very high evaluation of Shi Yu.

The two of them were both popular seeded candidates. Could it be that the two of them knew and had contact?

…

“This unlucky child, why is he drawing attention to him?”

In the prep room, after Lu Qingyi left, Shi Yu ate potato chips. Eleven and Buggy had Happy Water and watched the small television together.

Seeing that Yu Shu did not forget to draw attention for him even after losing, Shi Yu immediately felt that there was a huge grudge and hatred. Wasn’t it just stealing three stalks of Dragon Soul Grass?

However, that girl called Zhang Qianyi… her output was so high.

Shi Yu looked at Eleven, and Eleven quietly licked the happy nutrient solution.

“Your Thunder Palm+Hardening Thunder Armor profundity seem to be a little difficult to resist that.”

“Wuu!” Eleven nodded.

After all, it was one against three, and the other party had the enhancement of her Beast Taming Talent.

“But if we add multiplication, it should be okay. Then, with your rich experience of being beaten and your recovery ability, our chances of winning are still very high,” Shi Yu analyzed.

Although the other party’s move was strong, after that girl used it once, it looked like she would become weak.

“Ji ji ji.” Buggy said to not forget about it.

“You…?” Shi Yu looked at Buggy and said, “Next, be it the Thunder Flame Storm or the Lava Explosion of Yin Zhengfan’s Mane Rock Beast, are you sure you want to go deeper into the battle?”

“Ji…” The green worm was stunned. It looked at its weak body and fell into deep thought.

It imagined the scene of himself being minced into pieces in the Thunder Flame Storm.

It imagined himself being burned into a worm’s ashes in the lava eruption…

Buggy shuddered.

Alright, then it would assist at the edge.

It would be a cheerleader!

After showing off so much, it was time to give up his position as the leader.

“Gulp! Gulp!” Eleven finished the Happy Water in one go and placed the bottle on the table with a confident expression.

“Wuu!!”

It raised its hands high. No problem!

“We have to fight the next two battles well…” Shi Yu’s expression was also serious.

Not only did he have to let Eleven be the main force, but he also had to win beautifully.

It was time to announce the evolution of the Iron-eating Beast.. He had to win first place with the Iron-eating Beast no matter what.