Chapter 129 - Fame Across The Nation

Chapter 129: Fame Across the Nation

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

The Iron-eating Beast King’s potential evolution?

Discoverer, archeologist, Shi Yu?

“Holy shit.”

Many candidates widened their eyes and browsed the news.

They suspected that they had not seen clearly.

Even some master-level Beast Tamers were very shocked at this time.

“Iron-eating Beast, mid-level transcendent race. Race skill is low-level hardening.”

“In ancient times, this pet had an ancient evolution form. It’s currently named ‘Nine Li War Beast’.”

“Archeologist Shi Yu, through deciphering the ruins of the Iron-eating Beast in the ancient capital, successfully found the evolution method of the Iron-eating Beast.”

“Moreover, in September last year, Master Lin Hongnian, owner of the Bamboo Stone Dojo of the United Ancient Capital University, confirmed the feasibility of the evolution method. The first Nine Li War Beast in the modern era was born, and its race level was judged as mid-level monarch!!”

As they extracted the main content of the news and read, the expressions of the candidates became stunned.

They had a ridiculous thought.

Firstly, they were shocked that the species level of the Iron-eating Beast was actually so high after its evolution.

Second, they were shocked that the archeologist mentioned in the news was actually Shi Yu, who was nearly their age or even younger than them. He looked very much like an eight grader previously!

“After the iron-eating beast evolved… is it that powerful?!”

A monarch race was a super race that might evolve out of millions of creatures. They had the “king aptitude” that stood above the transcendent.

Even in the entire Blue Planet, there weren’t many creatures with monarch races. All of them were favored by the heavens and had extremely high positions in nature, at the top of the food chain.

Until now, the beast pet of the monarch race had always been the best pet pursued by all Beast Tamers. It almost represented the highest race that Beast Tamers might contract under normal circumstances.

As for strategic overlord-level pets, at the moment, no country had a stable breeding channel. For legendary Beast Tamers, they were also hard to come by.

Therefore, the discovery of another monarch species pet was definitely super big news for the Beast Tamer domain!

The monarch race meant that as long as the growth situation was good, the growth level would definitely reach the monarch level. The chances of breaking through the racial limit and becoming an overlord were also many times higher than the pets of transcendent and commander races.

If the iron-eating beast’s evolutionary species level was that of a middle-level monarch, this meant that even among monarch species pets, the iron-eating beast’s evolutionary potential and battle power were very good for battle.

In comparison, although iron-eating beasts were rare, they weren’t very precious pets. However, someone had actually discovered an evolution path from a middle-level transcendent race to a middle-level monarch race. This evolution path almost crossed two levels. Everyone immediately knew what this meant.

The Iron-eating Beast was going to be awesome.

Shi Yu was going to be awesome.

No, they were already very impressive.

Everyone looked at the king-like Shi Yu and the Little Iron Eating Beast below and was speechless.

They finally understood why the combination of the unknown Shi Yu and the Little Iron Eating Beast was so powerful.

Ten years ago, Dr. Zuo Jiangyun discovered the evolution conditions of the low-level monarch race, the Ice Phoenix Moth. She shocked the entire academic world and received both fame and fortune. She had been talked about enthusiastically until today.

Actually, most people could accept this. After all, Dr. Zuo Jiangyun had been very famous before.

But now, a Beast Tamer who had yet to pass the vocation assessment had discovered a monarch race evolution method of pets. This was even more ridiculous news.

“I see…” In the spectator area, Yin Zhengfan looked at Shi Yu and the Little Iron Eating Beast with a complicated gaze. He understood what his father meant by” there’s always someone better “.

Through Shi Yu’s achievements, he understood why Shi Yu was so strong.

Yu Shu and the others also opened their mouths slightly. It was difficult to imagine that the main praise for this news would be Shi Yu in the arena below.

“F*ck.”

This feeling was like being a student, using his parents’ money, but others had already bought a car and a house with his talent. Comparisons were odious.

Relying on a telepathy talent to defeat a group of second-generation heirs, Shi Yu made everyone realize what a true genius was.

All of this might have come from Shi Yu’s unique cultivation method for pets through archeology!

Hiss, an Iron-eating Beast that had only awakened a portion of its evolution bloodline was already so strong. What if it completely evolved?

At this moment, many candidates were envious collectively. They had the urge to contract an iron-eating beast.

After all, after evolution, it would be a pet of the monarch race. If cultivated well, it would basically be 100% able to help them enter the master realm!

…

At this moment, not only was the professional assessment venue in Ancient Capital shaken.

Instead, the entire archeological world had different degrees of impact.

Apart from the Archeology Department of the Ancient Capital University, the archeology students and mentors of the other eight top universities saw the news immediately.

Divine Capital.

One of the nine great first-tier cities of Dong Huang.

If it was said that the ancient capital was famous because it was the capital of many ancient dynasties, then the Divine Capital was famous because there were the most Mystical ruins here. It was a super metropolis with a very rich mythical atmosphere. Some guardian-level creatures lived inside to protect the Dong Huang Continent.

Just like Ancient Capital University, the archeology department of Divine Capital University was also famous in Dong Huang.

At this moment, the archeology department of Divine Capital University was in an uproar. Many students were cursing.

In the class groups of various grades, one could see the mentors expressing their disappointment at their failure to meet their expectations.

[Students, you have to work hard!!!]

Many archeology students’ faces darkened. What was the use of their hard work? The professional accomplishments of their own mentors weren’t as great as this Shi Yu.

Many archeology students had a question. What was the background of this Shi Yu?

Archeology was a subject that consumed a lot of experience. At the same time, many ruins with great value were accompanied by a large amount of danger. The requirements for strength were also very high. Why hadn’t they heard of this guy before?

“Union Ancient Capital University…”

Some people also discovered the key point. After all, the Archeology Department of Ancient Capital University was famous. From the looks of it, it was really impressive.

This news also indirectly promoted the Archeology Department of Ancient Capital University.

Apart from that, Master Lin Hongnian from Ping Cheng Bamboo Stone Dojo also received extensive attention.

At this moment, Icefield City.

In the many districts and counties under Icefield City, apart from Ping Cheng, some master-level Beast Tamers from the other districts and counties browsed the news in disbelief.

They knew Lin Hongnian.

He was the richest man in Ping Cheng and one of the master-level Beast Tamers in Ping Cheng. His strength was not bad.

It was actually his Iron-eating Beast that completed the first evolution?

Middle class monarch race?

Pets that had this race would be nurtured seriously in the future. Not to mention Ping Cheng, after that, Master Lin Hongnian’s battle power would definitely become the top even in the entire Icefield City.

But the most important thing was… Shi Yu!

Shi Yu had become somewhat famous in Icefield City.

Back then, it was President Feng of Ping Cheng who led Shi Yu to beat up the geniuses chosen from their district counties until they were speechless.

Then, it was also him who cracked the Ping Cheng ruins!

In the end, not only did he crack the ruins of Ping Cheng, but he also unknowingly went to the ancient capital and cracked an iron-eating beast ruin on the way?

“Holy shit.” The masters stared at the news with blank expressions.

After all, this Shi Yu was only an 18-year-old Beast Trainer.

This experience was too surreal.

“Hahahaha…”

Many Beast Tamers who knew Shi Yu in various parts of Ping Cheng had actually already received the news of Master Lin Hongnian’s Iron-eating Beast evolution. For example, President Feng, the apprentices of the dojo, and Commander He. At this moment, when they saw the news again, they revealed excited expressions.

Although they didn’t know what was going on, Ping Cheng must have become popular too.

Following the official media’s announcement, the other major media outlets also crazily revolved the news of the birth of the iron-eating beast. Many comments below the websites were all asking where there were iron-eating beasts.

“Although I’ve used up most of the assets left behind by our ancestors to buy evolution materials, from the looks of it, this is the right step…” Master Lin Hongnian looked at the news and kept sighing.

Dr. Lu Qingyi coming to send Shi Yu over was not her asking Bamboo Stone Dojo to take care of Shi Yu. From the looks of it, it was clearly sending a god like Shi Yu to take care of Bamboo Stone Dojo!

Not only did he fulfill his wish and let the Iron-eating Beast successfully evolve, but his family’s business might also soar into the sky with this.

At this moment, a group of archeological big shots, including Lu Qingyi, were also watching the news quietly.

The rise of a new star in the archeological world was definitely a good thing for the entire Nation.

Discovering the evolution of a pet monarch was considered a huge achievement. Some archeologists couldn’t find such a valuable discovery even if they studied it their whole lives. They just didn’t know if this would be the starting point of Shi Yu or the end point.

“Who exactly is Shi Yu?”

At the same time, this question quickly appeared in the relevant comments section. After all, the news of the iron-eating beast’s evolution was more about introducing the iron-eating beast. There was not much information about Shi Yu.

However, it was not a big secret who Shi Yu was. After all… the Iron-eating Beast Knight’s meme had unknowingly spread throughout the entire Ancient Capital.

“I think I know of a Shi Yu too. He’s a candidate for the Ancient Capital vocation assessment. He also contracted an Iron-eating Beast. Holy shit, it can’t be the same person, right? Quick, look at the Ancient Capital Association’s official website. There should be a video of him on it. Expect something really crazy!

Ancient Capital Arena.

Many candidates basked themselves in the online questions about who Shi Yu was.

At this moment, Shi Yu, who had just finished advertising, completely did not realize the seriousness of the problem.

Shi Yu, the Iron-eating Beast, and the Iron-eating Beast Breeding Base… It was time to become popular, but the way to become popular might be a little different from what he imagined…

“This feeling is really good. This time, the “genius archeologist” will probably replace the Iron-eating Beast Knight as my greatest label.”

“As expected of me, I’m so outstanding in everything I do.”

At this moment, Shi Yu stood in the center of the venue. He felt the shocked gazes of everyone and felt a little emotional.

However, Eleven seemed to be even more excited than Shi Yu. After defeating its opponent, it raised its head and put its hands on its hips. It was so awesome.

Unfortunately, Little Eleven, who was only about ten centimeters tall, didn’t receive much attention. Buggy couldn’t help but chuckle beside it.

It felt that the shock it would cause after its evolution would definitely be stronger than that of its leader!

On the other hand, after Zhang Qian put away her pets, she silently watched the news on her cell phone.

So, was the multiplication skill caused by the awakening of the evolution bloodline?

Deterrence was also because of evolution itself! Therefore, awakening a king’s aptitude wasn’t that strange.

“I lost.”

The pet’s species level was lower than hers, their numbers were fewer than hers, and his beast taming talent was inferior to her. In such a situation, she still lost. Zhang Qianyi could only admit that her skills were inferior.

With that, she turned and left.

In the spectator area, seeing the genius student she had accepted stop here, Zhang Qianyi’s teacher sighed slightly. It couldn’t be helped, the opponent was too monstrous.

After his opponent left, Shi Yu also turned around and left. He walked towards the prep room with genius steps, planning to prepare for the final battle.

There should still be little Yin Zhengfan left.

He had to study battle tactics carefully.

The other party probably didn’t know that the transparent worm silk of the Green Silkworm could capture ethereal targets, right?

Perhaps he could use this point to catch them off guard!

If it went smoothly, the bug could fight against the Spatial Crystal Butterfly. As for the monarch species’ Zonyan Rock Beast, it would depend on whether Eleven could defeat it.

As Shi Yu thought about it, he kept feeling that he had forgotten something.

“Wuu!!!” “Ji!!!”

In the arena, Eleven and Buggy looked at Shi Yu, who turned and left calmly, with stunned expressions.

1

You forgot your pets!!!

Take us back before you leave!

The two pets quickly caught up to Shi Yu.

Everyone looked at Shi Yu, who suddenly stopped in his tracks. He only recalled his pet halfway through before thinking about all that stuff.

…

In the prep room.

Shi Yu sighed.

After returning, Eleven and Buggy immediately hugged the nutritional fluid and started drinking crazily.

Eleven, in particular, had consumed a lot of energy this time. If it didn’t replenish his energy quickly, the next battle would be difficult.

Fortunately, the absorption effect of the nutritional fluid was pretty good. Eleven had shrunk and could recover faster with Absolute Sleep, so it shouldn’t be a problem to recover to his peak state before the next battle.

As for whether it would tire out in battle, these were the most difficult factors to overcome in a continuous battle. They didn’t exist for Eleven. After all, it could stay up late to undergo high-intensity training. There was no such thing as fatigue in the dictionary.

“Holy shit.”

While Eleven and Buggy were resting, Shi Yu, who was also browsing the news of the Iron-Eating Beast’s evolution, suddenly cursed.

His face was pale, his hand trembling.

F*ck, why was the video of the survival assessment that was only circulated in the professional forums and media in Ancient Capital previously edited? This time, there were news media all over the country reposting it!!

Shi Yu saw many comments below.

[Is this the archeologist Shi Yu who discovered the evolution of the iron-eating beast? I feel that it’s a little different from what I imagined.]

[Survival assessment! Why does it seem so fun?]

[So iron-eating beasts are used as mounts? Then is the Nine Li War Beast also a mount? Please explain.]

[So, is the Iron-eating Beast a battle beast or a support-type pet? I’m confused after watching the video.]

[The Iron-Eating Beast Evolution Discovery is actually so young and a vocation candidate?!! Who has the latest news of the Ancient Capital Assessment?!]

[I’m an examinee, I’m an examinee. The Iron-eating Beast is awesome, and Shi Yu is awesome. He can defeat high-level commander-level racial pets without evolving. He’s definitely invincible after evolving.]

[F*ck, really? Is it too late to buy one before the price increases?]

Shi Yu :”…”

He silently turned off his phone, wondering if these people had paid attention to the wrong point.

However, he didn’t feel that they had paid attention wrongly… He couldn’t help but feel a little depressed.

“Damn it.”

“Senior Panda, transfer the money!”