Chapter 121 - The Final Ranking Battle Begins

Chapter 121: The Final Ranking Battle Begins

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Although he said that he didn’t care, Shi Yu still felt a little sad when he saw his exciting videos.

“At that time… Why didn’t I prepare more?”

Until now, Shi Yu still stubbornly believed that their cooperation was pretty cool.

Sword kinesis, wasn’t this more handsome than beast taming?

But the problem was that his clothes and behavior didn’t match at all.

He was riding a panda and wearing a panda short-sleeved shirt. He was using a wooden sword to fight the enemy, so he looked a little strange.

What Shi Yu wanted the most now was not to delete the video, but to regret not wearing some strange clothes back then.

If he were like other candidates and wore some strange clothes, the contrast might not be so high now.

“Learn from this lesson. Be careful next time.”

Shi Yu turned off his cell phone and found an empty place to enter the ruins.

At that moment, he only wanted to enter a weakened state through adding points to numb his brain. Then, he wanted to hold on until the competition began..

He had agreed not to add points, but Shi Yu didn’t want to go anywhere now.

…

Ancient Capital Arena.

Although the exciting episode of the survival assessment just now was very interesting and worth analyzing, the most important thing now was still the assessment.

As the assessment time arrived, battles had already begun everywhere in the venue.

For a time, the sounds of battle in the huge venue shook the sky and earth, and the roars of pets were endless.

“Roar!!!!”

“Wuu!!!”

In any arena, extraordinary creatures with outstanding races could be seen fighting each other.

At the various rings, examiners stood solemnly at the side. Among these new vocations, only a few could control the battle situation well. Most of the time, the examiners and judges had to judge the winner.

“Excuse me, can I interview you?”

After an examinee left the assessment area, they were immediately pestered by the media.

The various media outlets began to look for candidates for interviews.

Only a reporter team walked pessimistically among the audience, looking for something.

“No, no. Looks like Shi Yu didn’t come.”

After the survival trial ended, the female reporter and the cameraman who interviewed Shi Yu were abnormally regretful.

She remembered how she said to “delete this part”. The female reporter wanted to slap herself.

How could they know that the random passerby they found would be the super hot topic examinee in the future…

“Ahhh—”

It was not only them. At this moment, many financial groups and even other top-level institutions were searching for Shi Yu.

Although Shi Yu had already decided to enter the Ancient Capital University’s Department of Archeology, they had to at least try to get him.

These were adults, after all. If they couldn’t get Shi Yu, that meant one thing… Their offer wasn’t good enough.

Currently, the 16 seeded examinees were the main targets of the various large factions.

Of course, the remaining 700 or so examinees were also not to be missed.

On the first day, the ranking assessment was carried out in full swing.

In a remote corner not far from the arena, in the ruins bead, Shi Yu silently added points to recuperate.

The next day, the ranking battle reached its most intense moment.

Shi Yu was still lying flat and resting.

On the third day, excluding the seeded candidates, the top 16 of the ranking battle were announced.

Shi Yu finished increasing his points and the recuperation ended.

He was like a wuxia cultivator in isolation from the outside world. He would occasionally go out to eat and look at the progress of the ranking battle on his cell phone. As for his own news, Shi Yu didn’t click on it at all.

“Alright…”

Shi Yu browsed through the information on the candidates who advanced as well as the seeded candidates.

There were a total of 32 people. There seemed to be 30 people who had commander-rank pets?

Only he and a Gu Master named Miao Dongdong had transcendent pets.

However, although Miao Dongdong’s pet was of a transcendent race, it parasitized the corpse of a monarch species creature. It was also a cheat.

After seriously reading the current known information, Shi Yu began his final preparations.

After three days, Eleven didn’t change much, but the changes in Buggy weren’t small.

Green Silkworm

[Level of Growth]: transcendent

[Skill]: Worm Silk (MAX), Absolute Sleep (expert), Illusory Phantom (expert+4), Deterrence / False Dragon Might (proficient), Super Sight (proficient), High Speed Healing (proficient)

Shi Yu also taught it super vision and high-speed healing.

High-speed healing and supervision were both intermediate-level skills. With supplements, the pressure to teach wasn’t high unlike high-level skills.

During the ranking battle, due to the restriction of the rules, Buggy couldn’t use the Ice Dragon Whiskers. It could only use a level-three ice-element energy crystal that Shi Yu had bought. However, using this and transforming into an Ice Dragon wouldn’t be able to unleash much strength.

It was probably only within the medium range of the commander race.

This way, even with Eleven protecting it, if it encountered any accident… Buggy would be in great danger. After all, its physical fitness was really weak.

Therefore, for the sake of the worm’s safety, Shi Yu arranged for it to have super vision and high-speed healing skills. He even specially upgraded them to the proficiency level. After all, entry-level skills definitely had many flaws and weaknesses, so they were easy to counter.

With more skills, Shi Yu felt much more at ease.

…

Until August 10.

Shi Yu only appeared at the most critical moment of the professional assessment ranking battle.

This time, he changed into a black and red battle suit, even wearing a black cap and black sunglasses. His aura changed drastically.

Now that he was a celebrity, in order to not be harassed by the reporters, he should pretend…

“Uh, you are…”

In the examination candidates’ passageway outside the arena, the security personnel looked at Shi Yu with a stunned expression. Why was he dressed so strictly?

“…” Shi Yu took off his sunglasses slightly, took out his candidate certificate, and showed it to the other party.

The security personnel immediately widened his eyes as if he had seen his idol.

“You’re Shi Yu…”

“My eight-year-old daughter likes your performance! Please do your best for the assessment.”

“I’m curious. Are you still going to fight today’s assessment yourself?”

Shi Yu: “???”

Shi Yu: “???”

Today was the last day of the ranking battle assessment.

According to the rules, the top 32 contestants today were to have their ranking completely determined!

There were several battles in a row without any rest.

After a battle every day, they would have to rest for a day or two. This was showbiz.

There was no need for such a performer in the professional field. Though, what was needed was an elite Beast Tamer with strong resistance abilities. Without stamina and energy eight times a day, it was as if one had kidney deficiency and would not be suitable to be a professional Beast Tamer.

After all, if another disaster really happened in the future, professional Beast Tamers would face high pressure. No ferocious beasts would give the enemy sufficient time to rest.

However, in order to be relatively fair, after every battle, professional medical staff would still provide supplements, medicine, and treatment services, helping examinees and pets recover to their peak state as much as possible.

“Have you seen Shiyu?”

In the arena, Zheng Yingjie, the head of the seven archeological elites, asked.

Although the viewing spots for the vocation assessment were an internal invitation system, they originally did not have the right to come, but they treated Director Li to a meal, after all…

In any case, the arena was very large, so they successfully joined the student recruitment team of Ancient Capital University.

This meal wasn’t for nothing…

“I understand. It’s social death. If it were me, I would definitely escape from Planet Blue overnight and go to the Moon to live.” Lin Yu’er smiled secretly.

She really wanted to know how Shi Yu had suddenly escaped from the research institute… He was too good at it!

“He said he’s already here.”

Senior Panda looked at the message on her cell phone and said, “He should be in the prep room.”

“As long as he’s still alive. I thought Junior had taken his own life.” Qi Yingjie and the others nodded.

It was not a big problem if he could still participate in the final assessment.

As the saying went, youth was wasted if you didn’t do stupid things. Everyone had gone through this before, so they understood.

With that said, everyone looked at the surrounding audience and discovered many important figures.

Although the ranking battle of the vocation assessment was essentially a competition, the current atmosphere was not like that of a regular competition.

There were no VIP guests or commentators, only candidates and examiners participating in the battle.

Regardless of the identity, background, or strength of the audience, they would find a place to watch the battle themselves.

Be it the student recruitment instructors of the nine academies, the representatives of the five major consortiums, or the officers of the Beast Tamer Corps… The members of many factions were all sitting obediently in their seats, watching the big screen in the main venue.

Among the people from the nine great academies, the audience from Ancient Capital University who came to the scene was the most important.

After all, Ancient Capital City was the home ground of Ancient Capital University. Most of the Beast Tamers who came to Ancient Capital City to participate in the vocation assessment would also choose Ancient Capital University or related businesses.

Therefore, the recruitment instructors from the other colleges were purely here to gather information and see if they could find an opportunity to scout people.

On the seats of the Ancient Capital University, the Dean of the admissions office, Lu Dongsheng, and a group of student recruitment mentors were all here. Apart from the regular customers of the vocation assessment, Dean Li of the Archeology Department, Teacher Ding, and a group of members led by the beast-eared girl White Brook also came to join in the fun.

Lu Dongsheng looked at the group helplessly. He knew very well why they had come.

“Haha, Student Shiyu was internally decided by our Archeology Department. Dean Lu, you don’t have to help other departments to dig people up. I know you have a good relationship with Old He from the Battle Department,” Director Li said with a smile.

The corners of Lu Dongsheng’s mouth twitched. He had indeed asked him to help recruit Shi Yu to the Battle faculty if he had the chance, although the chances were indeed not high.

Shi Yu’s archeological discovery of the evolution of the iron-eating beast was no secret to some leaders in Ancient Capital University.

“I know, I know.”

Dean Lu smiled and shook his head. He didn’t intend to trouble himself on this matter. The mission of their enrollment was not to serve a certain department and target a certain person, but all of them. They wanted to try to invite the 700 new professional Beast Tamers to study at Ancient Capital University.

Only if the students were outstanding enough could these top educational institutions obtain more education funds, then become more comprehensive and stronger, and finally attract more outstanding Beast Tamers. This was a positive cycle, and they couldn’t fall behind any year.

“Big Sister, is it really good to slack off to watch the assessment?”

On the Ancient Capital University side, apart from the Archeological Seven Elites and the others, some people from the battle club had also come.

Faced with the other members’ questions, White Brook rolled her eyes and said, “Who asked you to come along? When we go back, our training will be super doubled.”

Everyone: “?”

“I have to think of a way to trick Shi Yu into joining the battle club.” White Brook looked at the screen again. That day, after White Brook saw Shi Yu’s video performance, she was silent for a long time.

As expected of someone she had taught. Her battle style had been deeply imparted to him, and he was a malleable talent.

White Brook had the urge to drag Shi Yu to various places to compete after he entered school.

In any case, how could there be so many ruins for Shi Yu to explore during his university days? It was better to nurture his strength first and follow them to compete.

Well, only by nurturing Shi Yu’s battle power could Shi Yu be a better tool for Senior Lu. There was nothing wrong with that.

Apart from these people, there were also many important family members of the examination candidates.

For example, Yu Shu’s mother, the top-notch Dragon Tamer, was quietly smoking in the corridor, waiting for the assessment to begin.

There was also Legend Yin, who was very concerned about his son, standing calmly on the high platform of the venue with an old friend, looking down quietly.

Every candidate had a separate prep room.

At this moment, Shi Yu had experienced many difficulties and finally arrived at the prep room. He felt exhausted.

It was too difficult.

The pains that he had taken to come all this way… It was one thing to be wary of passers-by and the media, but why did the assessment staff also climax when they saw him?

He even said, “You’re the idol of my eight-year-old daughter. My daughter thinks you’re very handsome.” He directly forced Shi Yu to comprehend the Earth Escape skill, almost using his toes to dig out an escape path.

Shi Yu sighed slightly and looked at the supplements, medicine, and nutritional supplements filling the prep room. Then, he shook his head and finally looked at the most critical small television.

The opponent matching in the assessment had not been updated…

The other 31 candidates were probably waiting outside, looking at the big screen outside. However, Shi Yu was out of place. In order to avoid trouble, he hid in the prep room and waited.

…

8 a.m.

In the main venue, as the assessment time approached, the main examiner, Master Qu Jie, appeared again.

After he appeared, the assessment was about to begin. The thousands of spectators present looked at the big screen in the venue.

At this moment, the screen was playing the exciting battle episode of the 16 candidates who advanced in the previous ranking battle.

These 16 people were also very outstanding, not much inferior to the seeded candidates.

Those who couldn’t be chosen as seeded candidates might lack some luck, such as luck that was heavily edited by the Heavenly Eye…

After three days of screening, 752 candidates had already obtained the approximate ranking of their vocation assessment.

Today was the last day of the assessment. Among the 768 candidates at the start, the 16 candidates who had broken through the tight circle would fight the 16 seeded candidates at the start of the ranking battle.

The rules were mainly based on the elimination system. The winner would advance, and the loser would carry out the subsequent ranking competition.

At the moment, as the final cycle of the battle album ended, the scene on the screen immediately changed. 32 names appeared and constantly rolled and combined.

“According to tradition, the advancement candidates and the seeded candidates should face each other first.”

At the candidate area, Yu Shu leaned against the wall with his arms crossed and curled his lips. It didn’t matter to him. He only wanted to hit Shi Yu now.

“Huh?”

Just as Yu Shu finished thinking about it, a name suddenly appeared on the big screen, accompanied by a half-body photo.

Shi Yu!

Two big words appeared in everyone’s vision.

“It’s him?”

After discovering that the first candidate today was actually Shi Yu, everyone revealed excited expressions.

The effect of the opening assessment was explosive!

Furthermore, under Shi Yu’s square name, everyone was immediately amused when the photo of him riding a panda appeared.

“F*ck.” In the prep room, Shi Yu looked at his profile picture and his face darkened.

When would this end?

They arranged for him to be first and even used this as a profile picture. Shi Yu refused to believe that they weren’t plotting something.

However, it was indeed what everyone hoped for.

“Holy shit, it’s an Iron-eating Beast Knight.”

Towards Shi Yu, the thousands of spectators present were not unfamiliar.

The candidates who had been eliminated in the survival trial and the candidates who had completed their rankings looked at Shi Yu’s profile with complicated feelings.

After analysis, Shi Yu was indeed strong… But it was still a little painful to be weaker than such a guy.

In this day and age, not only were honest people bullied, ordinary people also had no future?

“Shi Yu…”

Now, with the appearance of Shi Yu’s name, the eyes of the remaining 31 candidates flickered. They wanted to meet Shi Yu, but they also didn’t want to meet this fellow too early.

But before they could think about it carefully, Shi Yu’s opponent’s name immediately rose up as well.

One of the 16 candidates for advancement, Han Dong.

Upon seeing this name, everyone immediately recalled his information.

Beast Taming Space level, level two.

Beast Taming Talent, Frost Strengthening.

Pet beast, low class commander species Frost Tree, high class transcendent species Ice Elemental Sprite.

In the basic test, the Frost Tree’s energy level was 1,300.

“…” At this moment, this candidate named Han Dong was standing at a corner of the venue in silence, staring at the big screen.

Speaking of which, he and Shi Yu also knew each other. On the plane to the destination of the survival assessment, the two of them were neighbors.

Now that he was facing Shi Yu, he had a strange feeling.

“Next, please head to the home ground. The assessment battle will officially begin in five minutes.” Below the venue, Master Qu Jie’s very penetrating voice sounded in the arena.

Next was the battle of the best 32 people in this batch’s vocation assessment. The judge would be personally held by him, a top-notch master. Not only did he have to ensure that the Beast Tamer was not injured, but he also had to ensure that their pets could be safe and sound.

…

“This Han Dong… the trump card is probably that high-level transcendent Ice Elemental Sprite.”

Some of the audience present began to review the battle video from before.

In the video, a frost tree stood on the arena with dozens of ice-element sprites surrounding it. The scene was abnormally spectacular.

Opposite them were opponents who had already become incomplete ice sculptures.

Although the species level of that Frost Tree was higher, that Ice Elemental Sprite was his initial pet and trump card!

The other party probably used some ice type spirit item on the Ice Elemental Sprite to let it learn the “elementalization” ability that only elemental creatures could master after commander rank. However, because of the item, it could do so before commander rank.

Elemental creatures with the ability to elementalize could be greatly immune to some attacks. At the same time, they could have better control of their own attributes. This was a very impressive talent of elemental creatures.

On the home ground, Han Dong, who was wearing a blue battle suit, had already arrived. After greeting the main examiner, Judge Qu Jie, he stood quietly at the side and waited.

“Where’s Shiyu?”

After Han Dong appeared, Shi Yu didn’t appear for a long time. The audience began to feel puzzled.

They looked at the candidate passage, wondering if Shi Yu would come out on the iron-eating beast later.

But clearly, they were thinking too much.

A moment later, a handsome young man in a black and red battle suit with clean black short hair and a calm expression walked slowly to the arena. There was nothing strange about him.

The thousands of spectators felt that it was very normal.

But because it was too normal, it didn’t match his previous style, so they felt that it was even more abnormal.

Handsome, who are you?

What about Shi Yu, who was riding an Iron-eating Beast?

Shi Yu walked to the assessment venue like a quiet pretty boy. After nodding slightly at the judge and opponent, he also quietly waited for the assessment to begin.

His whole body tensed up, and his expression was stable and expressionless. He tried his best to not say a word and not let others find any flaws.

“Cough.”

Master Qu Jie and Han Dong looked at Shi Yu, who had suddenly returned to normal with strange expressions and seemed to have no reaction to what had happened previously, and felt strange.

Not only them, but everyone from Ancient Capital University and the audience also looked at Shi Yu in silence.

What was wrong with this guy?!

“Where’s your sword?”

On the other side, Han Dong couldn’t help but ask.

He really hoped that Shi Yu would still act cool this time.

Because in that case, the pets needed to be more careful to protect Shi Yu.

With Shi Yu, the Beast Tamer, as the target, no matter how strong Shi Yu was, as long as the judge determined that Shi Yu was in danger, victory would be his.

In a normal battle, he really didn’t have much confidence. No matter how low the level of Shi Yu’s two pets was, their skill proficiency was terrifyingly high.

He was convinced that low and intermediate skills with high proficiency wouldn’t affect them.

After all, the Iron-eating Beast and the Green silkworm didn’t seem to be able to cooperate. Moreover, Shi Yu himself had the gift of telepathy, so he couldn’t suddenly increase the battle power of his pet.

But his Frost Tree and Ice Elemental Sprite were different. In addition, with his talent increase, it might not be impossible to fight.

“…” At this moment, Shi Yu wanted to say that he didn’t need to use his sword to deal with him, but these words were something an eighth grader would say. He was afraid that he would be recorded and made into an emoji again.

“Beep!!” After a moment of silence, Master Qu Jie whistled, and Han Dong’s expression became serious.

At 8: 10 a.m., the first round of the assessment officially began.

“Beep!!!” Master Qu Jie blew the whistle to open the battle beginning again. In an instant, Han Dong’s expression became even more serious. He also knew Shi Yu’s terrifying strength. The moment the battle started, the ice elemental energy around him surged, instantly activating his frost strengthening talent!

Hu hu hu!!!

Right on the heels of that, under the condensation of the snow and wind, a creature that was three to four meters tall and looked like a pine tree, but its body was as white as frost. The tree crown was fluffy like a blue ice cloud as it took root in the frozen area and appeared outside.

In addition, inside the Frost Tree, a lump of ice-blue crystalline creature that looked like a nine-pointed star floated. The Ice Elemental Sprite also revealed its figure.

Frost Tree

[Attributes]: Ice

Skills: Cold Breath, Blizzard, Snowfall, Ice Block

[Name]: Ice Elemental Sprite

[Attributes]: Ice

Skill: Snow Concealment, Clone, Self-Explosion, Ice Ray, Elementalization

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

The moment the two pets of the Han Dong appeared, the Ice Elemental Sprite, which was like a frost nine-pointed star, immediately elementalized and condensed into dozens of clones that densely circled around the frozen tree and merged into the snow. It was impossible to tell which was the real body.

On the opposite side of the Han Dong, on Shi Yu’s side, the summoning array appeared. A one-meter-tall Little Iron Eating Beast stood on the field, and a green worm lay on the head of the Iron Eating Beast. The two pets stared at the ice and snow in front of them, their expressions as calm as Shi Yu’s.

“Who can win?”

In the audience, an examinee who had lost to Han Dong looked at the venue intently.

Because he had fought Han Dong before, he knew very well how terrifying this fellow was.

There was no solution.

That Frost Tree, which seemed to have a higher racial level, was actually the charger of the Ice Elemental Sprite. As long as the Frost Tree kept creating snow and wind, the Ice Elemental Sprite that could elementalize could always have an almost immortal physique. Together with the clones and self-destruction, it made the clones charge at the opponent like a suicide squad. It was simply disgusting.

With the slowing and freezing effect of the frost, it was a nightmare for melee pets.

“Isn’t it obvious?” Another candidate sitting beside this candidate muttered.

“What do you mean?”

“Transcendent Level Hardening, Perfect Level Thunder Palm… Isn’t this a crushing proficiency? Also, you don’t really think that the proficiency of their other skills will be low, right? You don’t think that the deterrence skills displayed in the video can only deter the enemy but not cause any damage, right?” Bai Qi looked at him and said.

If not for cooperating with Shiyu’s posturing, the mental deterrence that appeared in the video would probably be enough to instantly kill all opponents!

Bai Qi, who came from Icefield City and had competed with Shi Yu for the Evolution Sacred Spring, whose initial pet, Wings of Wind, was instantly killed by Shi Yu’s Iron-eating Beast’s monarch aura, looked at the arena with a mocking gaze.

With the charger’s support, a large number of clones self-destructing tactics that could allow unlimited revival?

It was alright to deal with ordinary candidates, but against a monster like Shi Yu…

On the venue.

The candidates had just summoned their pets.

Facing the powerful combination of the Frost Tree and the Ice Elemental Sprite, Shi Yu was still expressionless. Eleven and Buggy were also extremely calm.

In the next moment, Eleven raised its head slightly and looked at the Ice Elemental Sprite and the tall Frost Tree. Buggy closed its eyes slightly and yawned.

This seemingly ordinary action suddenly caused the ice and snow around the Frost Tree and the Ice Elemental Fairy to change shape!

Wu wu wu wu!! The cold wind that was still howling just now seemed to be whimpering at this moment. It was extremely chaotic!

Boom!!!

In an instant, a huge mental deterrence spread from the Little Iron Eater and the Green silkworm. At this moment, a huge frost dragon phantom seemed to have formed behind them!!

“Hou!!!!!!”

Buggy directly conjured the dragon’s might of the frost dragon. The terrifying spiritual deterrence wave was almost physical. On the dragon’s might, there was an even more terrifying spiritual deterrence, like a roaring tsunami, covering the sky and covering the earth around the dragon’s might, pushing it towards the ice and snow ahead…

Buzz!

In the next second, two fused spiritual deterrence suddenly swept across the Frost Tree and nearly a hundred Ice Elemental Sprites. Then, with a bang, the venue shuddered from the thunderclap. Countless Ice Elemental Sprite clones exploded. The snow and wind triggered by the appearance of the Frost Tree and Ice Elemental Sprite almost instantly returned to calmness, and the venue was instantly peaceful.

Shi Yu raised his head slightly and looked at the extremely weak Frost Tree, which was unable to move anymore, and the remaining Ice Elemental Sprite that fell weakly onto the tree. He knew that the victory and defeat had been decided.

He took another look at Han Dong with an explosive expression and finally looked at Master Qu Jie, who was slightly agape.

“Can I go now?” Shi Yu asked.

The aura of an expert level deterrence!

Coupled with the frost dragon’s dragon might!

This kind of ice-type creature was not a match at all.

After a moment of silence, Master Qu Jie looked at the speechless Han Dong and nodded.

“Shi Yu advanced in the first round of the assessment!”

As soon as he finished speaking, Eleven and Buggy’s figures disappeared on the field. They were summoned back to the Beast Taming Space by Shi Yu. Then, Shi Yu’s expression was calm as he slowly left the field under the shocked expressions of thousands of people.

It was completely different from what everyone imagined the Panda Knight to be.

At this moment, everyone suddenly recalled the battle just now and couldn’t help but show shocked expressions.

Sixteen elite Beast Tamers who had advanced from more than 700 new professional Beast Tamers… He couldn’t even last one round against one of the seeded candidates, Shi Yu, and were insta-killed?

“King’s aura?”

“That’s… Dragon Might?! How is that possible!!”

At this moment, the venue erupted.

“He… He… He…” The Archeological Seven Elites pointed at Shi Yu in a daze. Expert-level deterrence, dragon’s might? What was going on?

“Calm down.” Sister Panda learned about it earlier than everyone else. Eleven was expert level in deterrence, and Eleven had mastered it before the transcendent level. As for Dragon’s Might… Shi Yu had told her about the use of the Moonlight Powder.

After all, only a small number of people knew about the aura of a monarch. At this moment, as Shi Yu displayed this godly skill of demolishing weaklings, many master-level figures fell silent again. The members of the Battle Club from Ancient Capital University were almost collectively shocked. There were also 30 other candidates whose pupils constricted.

Among them, only a small portion of the seeded candidates quickly recovered their calm after being shocked by the expert-level deterrence. Obviously, they had ways to resist. It was just Han Dong, so of course he was insta-killed.

At this moment, in the noisy venue, Shi Yu’s footsteps were even faster.. From this match, he had to quickly correct the stereotypes these people had of him… With the image of Panda Knight gone, he wanted to take the Newcomer King persona in the ancient capital!