Chapter 122 - Wuji Airlines Is Here

Chapter 122: Wuji Airlines Is Here

“It’s so difficult…”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

In the candidate passage, Shi Yu could not hold it in anymore after arriving.

It was too difficult to pretend to be aloof!

He still liked to chat with his opponent before the battle and communicate with them. After the battle, he would shake hands with his opponent’s pet to show his friendliness.

Pretending to be cold and aloof didn’t fit the overpowered character setting.

In the passage, Shi Yu rubbed his face with both hands.

He was too tense. He should relax first.

“Shi Yu…”

At this moment, a voice suddenly sounded. Shi Yu’s face immediately tensed up again.

He looked beside him mechanically and turned around with a calm expression. “What’s the matter?”

It was a tall and sturdy middle-aged woman in a floral dress. Shi Yu saw the examiner’s sign on her chest and understood her identity.

“I’m one of the examiners of this vocation assessment and also a medical staff member of this ranking battle.”

The auntie grinned and looked at Shi Yu in appreciation.

“Follow me, I’ll take you to the treatment.”

She was also one of the nine master examiners this time. She had been paying attention to Shi Yu since the third assessment.

It was rare to see such a beautiful young man who was not restrained by trifles and had changes in personality. This reminded her of her first love.

“…Thank you, but no need for now.”

“My pet didn’t suffer any injuries or consumption in this battle. It just needs to recover with the nutritional supplements in the prep room.”

Shi Yu sensed the enthusiasm of the master examiner and immediately said that he would definitely do it next time.

“I see.” The medical examiner was rather regretful.

It seemed like it. Shi Yu was not injured at all in this battle.

“Don’t you need to look for that Han Dong?” Shi Yu asked.

“That makes sense.” The examiner was stunned, then nodded and said, “Then I’ll wait here for him to come.”

Shi Yu :”…”

In this day and age, the people who should be taken care of the most were taken seriously.

Why?

However, at this moment, Shi Yu kept feeling that he had missed an opportunity to encounter a rare healing ability…

But it didn’t matter. It was still enough to injure Eleven in the next battle.

Eleven in the Beast Taming Space:???

…

Inside the venue.

The audience was still in shock.

Regarding the strength of the seeded candidates, the info might be limited to video.

But Han Dong and the other advanced candidates were ruthless people who killed their way out of more than 700 candidates under everyone’s eyes.

Then, such a big boss was insta-killed in a single move. Were Shi Yu and the others monsters?

“How can an extraordinary Iron-eating Beast master deterrence? And it’s an expert-level deterrence…”

“Isn’t the most ridiculous thing that should be that green worm? Dragon might, dragon might!”

“Moreover, judging from its aura, that green worm’s growth level has also reached a transcendent level!”

“This doesn’t make sense. How can a Green Silkworm be like this? I would even believe it if it was a young Green Dragon.”

“But one thing is for sure, it’s really similar. Maybe it’s really a dragon cub… Could it be a hybrid pet of the insect and dragon family?”

“Bullshit, there’s reproductive difficulty between the bug and dragon types, alright?”

The audience was very noisy.

The Iron-eating Beast that had mastered the aura of a monarch, the transcendent-level Green silkworm that had mastered the dragon might… At this moment, the thousands of candidates in the venue were all numb.

Even some master-level Beast Tamers couldn’t understand.

“F*ck.” In the crowd, Yu Shu’s eyes were red. Shi Yu really gave the Dragon Soul Grass to the Green Silkworm to use?

A proficient level dragon’s might… Three days, heavens!

His expression darkened. Even if Shi Yu didn’t have any high-level props, he still didn’t know how to resist the dragon might and king’s aura.

“Mom should be at the scene! I have to find her quickly to get a piece of mental equipment…”

This time, the new skills Shi Yu displayed in the video stunned most of the audience.

Yin Zhengfan and the others were a little silent, including big shots like Master Qu Jie. However, the assessment still had to continue. Being expert level in deterrence wasn’t impossible.

At this moment, the second round of the assessment connected seamlessly.

Everyone looked at the target of the second assessment.

Seed candidate Fang Ji vs advanced candidate Li Hanfei.

According to the updated rankings, Shi Yu should be fighting the winner among them next.

…

In the prep room.

Shi Yu summoned Eleven and Buggy and let them eat the nutritional supplements in the room to replenish their energy.

Eleven and Buggy each carried a bag of “snacks” and stared at the small television as intently as Shi Yu.

From here, one could also see the battle situation on the home ground. It was a live broadcast.

Although it wasn’t as clear as the real world, they could make do.

“Wuu!!!” “Ji!!”

As they gobbled the snacks, Eleven waved excitedly.

When it saw the television, it wondered if it had not recorded their performance just now.

Buggy looked forward to it too.

Also, now that they had used up power to bully others, could they arrange for the next battle to showcase Wuji Airlines?

“I don’t know.”

Shi Yu was also bored and ate the low-level supplements in the prep room like candy as if it was the most normal thing to do.

It was obvious how bottomless Shi Yu’s physique was.

“I asked… Senior Lin Xiuzhu to help. I wonder if she helped you guys film it.”

It was too ridiculous for him to take the photo. He had taken the wooden sword in the survival assessment, and if he brought a camera to the arena… He guaranteed that he would make the headlines again.

“Wu!!” “Ji!!!” Hearing that someone was in charge of filming, Eleven and Buggy relaxed.

However, in the next second, they looked at Shi Yu.

(◍•͈⌔•͈◍) What about Wuji Airlines?

They looked at the venue. It was open-air, and the sky was blue.

This was also to give some flying pets enough space to play.

But now, it seemed that Eleven and Buggy were very satisfied.

“This strategy…” Shi Yu looked at the small television.

“It’s not impossible.”

On the screen.

A two-meter-tall, ferocious-looking, and huge red Tortoise was standing in the arena.

There was also an illusory snake floating around it.

[Name]: Anti-Injury Black Tortoise

[Attributes]: Earth, Fire

[Race Level]: Mid-level commander

Skill: Thorn Fire Armor, Explosion Shield, Earth Chain, Earth Protection, Berserk

< Name > Illusory Serpent

[Attributes]: Spirit

[Race Level]: High Transcendent

Skill: Spiritual Fang, Spiritual Protection, Phantom, Spiritual Wave

Obviously, from the perspective of the pet race, this candidate was very shameless.

The Anti-injury Black Tortoise was a rare species that didn’t have active attack skills. It could only activate Enrage when it was bleeding and obtain powerful attack power.

However, although it didn’t have the ability to take the initiative to attack, its Thorny Flame Armor and Explosion Shield skills were all disgusting. Not only could it increase its defense, but as long as the opponent attacked it in close combat, it would reflect part of the attack back and deal stronger damage to the attacker.

On the other hand, in the face of the various defensive and recovery skills of the black tortoise that were far superior to the attack, the opponent also had to consider whether it could break through the defense and which party had more stamina and faster recovery speed.

After all, the Earth Chain was a skill that allowed the damage reflection technique to connect to the ground and use the power of the earth to recover its physical strength. The Earth Protection was similar to Impregnable, and it was a very comprehensive skill that increased defense…

Therefore, at the same level, very few pets could defeat the black Tortoises and injure them. Therefore, in nature, these pets had no natural enemies at all.

As for the illusory snake, it was relatively weak. However, it could attach itself to the Tortoise shell to attack the enemy. Under normal circumstances, it was impossible to catch it.

These two pets were the pets of the seeded candidate Fang Ji. At the moment, his opponent, the other advanced candidate, Li Hanfei, was extremely disgusted.

Her Mighty Strength Golden Armor Bug and the Fei Luo Vine that specialized in control skills couldn’t do anything to the black tortoise.

“Looks like this Fang Ji is going to win.”

Shi Yu couldn’t help but shake his head when he saw that the girl named Li Hanfei couldn’t break through its defense the whole time. Then, she was slowly destroyed by the anti-injury skill and the illusory snake hiding in the shell.

He couldn’t blame this candidate named Fang Ji for having a disgusting battle style. He walked the defensive consumption route, after all.

This kind of tactic was actually the easiest to crack. Just have an even higher defense and power.

Of course, it was easy to say, but most pets couldn’t do it…

Actually, there was another way to crack it.

In the end, this girl called Li Hanfei could no longer tolerate it. She directly took out a dagger and took the initiative to attack Fang Ji personally under the cover of the Vine, planning to directly control the Beast Tamer.

If one could directly attack the Beast Tamer… After all, the Beast Tamer himself could also participate in the battle. This was allowed by the rules.

However, in the previous ranking battles, very few Beast Tamers were used to doing this. Their mentalities clearly hadn’t changed completely.

This girl was one of the few Beast Tamers who took the initiative to do this. Unfortunately, the moment she approached Fang Ji, she was stopped by an invisible barrier.

The Earth Protection that injured the black tortoise could be used on all life forms standing on the ground, including the Beast Tamer himself.

After losing the first attack, Li Hanfei, who had entered the battlefield, was instantly entangled by the illusory snake flying over. She was so scared that Li Hanfei’s face turned pale.

“I admit defeat.” She didn’t want to fight anymore.

“Thank you for letting me win,” Fang Ji said to the pretty girl in front of him with a smile.

The illusory snake didn’t continue attacking.

Killing someone was against the rules. He didn’t have the habit of ruthlessly destroying a pretty flower.

“If we also attack Beast Tamers, I reckon that our next opponent will probably have to find some mental equipment at the last minute.”

Seeing this battle, Shi Yu chuckled.

Otherwise, even if the pets could defend against the deterrence, those Beast Tamers themselves would probably find it difficult to resist.

Of course, even if he knocked out the Beast Tamer himself, it wasn’t the end.

At most, it would make it impossible for Beast Tamers to use their talent to power up their pets. If the pets in the outside world weren’t dealt with, it still wouldn’t be the end of the battle.

After all, some pets that had established bonds with Beast Tamers knew who their enemies were.

Therefore, very few candidates in the assessment took the risk to attack the Beast Tamer themselves. They would win if they directly defeated their pets.

“Why don’t I use this guy to test the Ji Changkong battle strategy?” Shi Yu said.

The other party had Earth Protection and Spirit Shield skills that could be stacked to defend against Deterrence. The chances of insta-killing it were not high, at most it could cause a certain amount of Spirit damage. Since it couldn’t be instakilled, it was better to change tactics.

“Wu!!” “Ji!!!” Eleven and Buggy’s eyes lit up. They felt that it was alright!

“Eleven, prepare to be injured. We’ll receive master-level treatment later. Don’t heal all your injuries in one go after the battle.”

Eleven:???

So, its high-speed healing was just a decoration?

Eleven was angry.

…

In the outside world, the battle between the seeded candidates and the advanced candidates was especially intense.

However, the battles made the candidates discover a ridiculous fact.

One, two, three…

After seven or eight consecutive matches, there was still no candidate who could defeat the seeded candidates.

In the seventh round, the Spell Goddess Zhang Qian sent out a pet, the Thunder Cloud Sprite. Just like Shi Yu, a bolt of lightning directly completed the insta-kill operation.

In the eighth battle, Yu Shu’s Soul-Armored Bone Dragon also used a Soul Fire Dragon Breath to sweep the two pets out of the arena in one go.

When it came to Yin Zhengfan, the Zonyan Rock Beast he summoned didn’t even move. The Space Crystal Butterfly instantly killed the advanced candidate’s pet with a spatial shackle.

They were on completely different levels.

After the sixteen battles ended, all sixteen candidates who advanced were eliminated!

The thousands of candidates in the audience fell silent almost instantly.

“The candidates who advanced actually all lost…”

Many shocked voices came from the audience.

However, some people felt that it was only natural.

“It’s the same as our batch.” Zheng Yingjie smiled.

“The situation in our batch was the same.” The panda senior smiled.

As expected, these seeded candidates were still something.

This also indirectly illustrated the eyesight of these master-level examiners and the Eye of Heaven’s Will.

You couldn’t be chosen as a seeded candidate, not because you weren’t outstanding enough, but because you weren’t the best!

Unless some candidates deliberately hid their abilities, it was very difficult to fail the segment of the seeded candidates under the gaze of the Eye of Heaven’s Will.

After all, even the Phantom illusions of Buggy and Eleven’s almost passive supervision could be analyzed. The strength of these candidates was as clear to the Eye of Heaven. The skill Heavenly Eye was much stronger than perfect super vision.

…

Time flew.

The 16 battles in the first round only took slightly more than an hour, and on average, less than five minutes each.

This was still because some seeded candidates were taking their time.

Seed candidates like Shi Yu and Yin Zhengfan defeat their opponents in less than a minute.

“The second round is about to begin!”

As the first round of the assessment ended, the audience was filled with anticipation.

What did this mean?

This meant that it was Shi Yu’s turn again.

Everyone wanted to see if Shi Yu was still as normal as before.

Shi Yu’s name appeared on the battle map.

This time, Shi Yu appeared very quickly.

When the candidate named Fang Ji went down from the other side, Shi Yu also came out of the passage that connected to the prep room.

The two of them stepped onto the arena at the same time. Fang Ji’s expression was serious and a little nervous.

The defense power of the Anti-Tang technique… could it defend against Shi Yu’s Iron-eating Beast’s skill?

Fang Ji started to do analysis.

“Even if his Iron-eating Beast’s skill proficiency is ridiculous, it’s still a pet of a middle-level transcendent race.”

“Even if the Anti-Injury Black Tortoise doesn’t use any skills, it might not be a problem to stand and let the Iron-eating Beast use hardening below expert level on it.

“Besides, it’s not like the Anti-Injury Black Tortoise doesn’t have skills. The Thorn Fire Armor and the Explosion Shield are both Intermediate-level skills that it has trained to the proficient level. In addition to the Earth Protection… and its elemental resistance strengthening talent, they might not necessarily be able to break through the defense…” Fang Ji analyzed in his heart.

His analysis made him believe it himself.

The difference wasn’t that big.

However, although that was the case, Fang Ji still felt some pressure when he saw Shi Yu walk across him expressionlessly.

Considering that the rules allowed them to directly attack the Beast Tamer himself, he didn’t dare to analyze it too fully. His Beast Taming Talent might not necessarily be activated. This depended on whether Shi Yu would attack him directly like that girl, and whether his two pets could help him block the deterrence!

“Beep!!!”

After seeing that the two candidates were ready, Master Qu Jie took a deep look at Shi Yu and blew the whistle again.

There was no chance. Fang Ji had no hope for this battle.

Perhaps the professional-level candidates didn’t understand.

But these master-level Beast Tamers were very understanding.

In the survival trial, Shi Yu’s Iron-eating Beast used the profundity combination skill of Hardening and Thunder Palm!

Just this alone could easily penetrate the defense of the black tortoise.

Now, the only thing worth being curious about was the Iron-eating Beast’s own defense.

Because even if the Iron-eating Beast could injure the black tortoise, it would also have to bear a huge backlash.

This was what was strongest about the Black Tortoise the most.

“Roar!!!”

The whistle blew, and Fang Ji and Shi Yu summoned their pets at the same time.

On Fang Ji’s side, there was a red black giant Tortoise and a gray, transparent, and illusory snake.

On Shi Yu’s side, it was naturally still the simple-looking Eleven and the green worm on its head.

Now, no one dared to underestimate the combination of the Little Iron Eating Beast and the Green Silkworm.

This batch of candidates was too unscientific. Shi Yu’s two pets had really broken everyone’s understanding. They didn’t understand how they were cultivated.

At the start of the battle, both parties were in a stalemate. No one attacked first.

At this moment, an unexpected scene occurred.

“Wu!!”

“Ji!!”

Staring at the cautious Tortoise in front and the shameless snake hiding in the shell, Eleven and Buggy denounced together.

“Wu!!”

“Ji!!”

“Damn, so that’s how Iron-eating Beasts make noises. So cute.”

Many spectators were stunned. They looked at the fat Iron-eating Beast. It was difficult to imagine that such a cute pet could instantly kill an opponent of a commander race with one deterrence.

“The cry of the green worm is also interesting.” Some candidates couldn’t help but smile when they saw the green worm.

“Who said it wasn’t a green worm? Its cry was exactly the same as the green worm.”

Although he didn’t know if this was really a green silkworm, it immediately looked like a green worm. Its cry was also a green worm, so he called it a green worm.

However, how was Shi Yu going to fight this battle?

Many people stared at the arena, wanting to see how Shi Yu would crack this Tortoise shell.

“Aren’t you attacking?”

Fang Ji smiled.

Shi Yu remained silent and looked at Eleven and Buggy.

In the next second, Buggy closed their eyes slightly.

In the instant that Buggy closed its eyes, just like in the first round, something ridiculous happened on the field again.

Everyone realized that every time this green worm closed its eyes, nothing good would happen.

For the first time, as it closed its eyes, a dragon phantom hit the arena to release dragon’s might.

At this moment, the second time it closed its eyes, a pile of white light spots suddenly condensed and materialized on both sides of the Little Iron Eating Beast.

In the blink of an eye.

The Little Iron Eating Beast formed a pair of white wings.

Fang Ji was stunned.

Then, under everyone’s stunned expressions, a metal-eating beast actually swayed its wings on its back and flew up.

“Wu!!”

“Ji!!”

Eleven and Buggy were extremely excited.

“Holy shit.”

“This doesn’t make sense.”

“What’s going on?”

Many candidates looked at the Little Iron Eating Beast that kept rising into the sky and were extremely confused.

Fang Ji opened his mouth slightly. After being stunned, he was a little confused.

What was he doing?

Air battle?

However, his Anti-Injury Tortoise and the Illusory Snake were not pets that took the initiative to attack. Was there any point in fighting in the air?

They looked cautiously at the little metal-eating beast that was flying higher and higher.

One second, two seconds, three seconds… After more than ten seconds, the Little Iron Eating Beast disappeared.

Fang Ji: “?”

“Roar?” “Hiss…” The black tortoise and the illusory fish couldn’t help but stick their heads out to take a look.

Then, confusion.

What was the meaning of this?

“Letting your pet leave your side, do you want to leave the stage first?”

Fang Ji did not want to know what Shi Yu meant anymore. After he reacted, he realized that there was not a single pet protecting Shi Yu. He immediately gave the order.

He made the illusory snake attack Shi Yu directly, just like the previous one.

Although Shi Yu had no effect on the battle, and had only a talent in telepathy, the current problem was that Fang Ji really didn’t know what to do without attacking Shi Yu!

At the same time, he also wanted to force Shi Yu’s two pets to appear by attacking Shi Yu.

“Hiss!!”

Following the Beast Tamer’s command, the illusory snake was just about to attack when the sky seemed to collapse.

A terrifying mental pressure suddenly pressed down, scaring the illusory snake into quickly entering the defensive state. The black Tortoise was also instantly shocked. At the critical moment, its four skills were activated, using the Earth Protection to wrap itself and the illusory snake.

With the Earth Protection and the Spirit Protection, no matter how terrifying the deterrence aura descending from the sky was, under the continuous ripples and the difficult resistance that almost shattered the defense, the two pets finally didn’t suffer too much mental damage. It was just that their bodies were shocked until they couldn’t move and were a little soft.

Similarly, it included Fang Ji himself.

Since he wanted to attack him, Shi Yu did not stand still.

Some of Eleven’s deterrence directly pressed onto him. Even if Fang Ji had protection to increase his mental resistance, his brain instantly became dizzy and he almost fainted.

This was enough. The current Fang Ji could not use the elemental resistance talent at all.

“You dare to attack me without buying any mental defense equipment?” Shi Yu thought.

At this moment, everyone discovered that the Little Iron Eating Beast’s figure appeared in the sky again.

But at this moment, the way it appeared shocked everyone.

Where were your wings, your wings? And the green worm??

In the sky, a one-meter-long little Iron-Eating Beast the size of a metal lump directly gave up its wings at an unknown height and jumped down with its super vision.

At the same time, through deterrence, the enemy could not move and was locked on accurately!!!

The black dot grew bigger and bigger.

Fang Ji raised his head with difficulty.

Then, his eyes widened.

Eleven’s falling speed was still very fast. At this moment, Eleven’s speed might even exceed the explosive acceleration brought by the Perfect Level Thunder Palm!!

“Holy shit, what’s this? He jumped down?”

At this moment, everyone was shocked. They didn’t expect the Green Silkworm to fly into the sky with the Iron-eating Beast just to jump down.

However, at this moment, sensing the hardening Iron-eating Beast that fell like a black meteor, everyone understood the destructive power of its jump.

At this moment, the black tortoise and Fang Ji had no time to react.

It popped its head out of the shell and looked at the illusory snake that had fallen but was unable to move due to the deterrence. It immediately let out a pig-like cry.

Sensing the fear of the illusory snake, although it had its defenses, the tortoise was also stunned to the extreme.

It had been attacked by different enemies for so many years, but it had never seen such an attack pattern.

Boom!

Soon.

In an instant, the Little Iron Eating Beast that fell from the sky directly smashed into the Anti-Injuring Black Tortoise. The transcendent Level Hardening and the Tortoise’s Anti-Injury Defense Skill made contact, and dazzling light immediately blossomed between the two…

Crack…

A terrifying shock wave spread out. With the Tortoise as the center, the arena immediately cracked open. With a bang, a huge hole several meters in diameter formed. The Little Iron Eating Beast and Tortoise were instantly buried in dust and gravel!!

The commotion was as if a demolition team had gone berserk.

Thump.

At this moment, the earth protection that protected the black tortoise and the deterrence of the iron-eating beast disappeared from Fang Ji’s body at the same time.

His eyes widened. Because his legs were still weak, he sat on the ground in shock.

He quietly looked at the collapsed arena in front of him.

A moment later, Eleven, who had mostly recovered and only had a little injury, crawled out excitedly from the smoke.

“Wuu!!”

Although the fall hurt so much, it felt so good. Smashing people was much better than simply hitting the ground during training.

Right now, seeing that the little Iron-Eating Beast had crawled out unscathed while his own pets were still in the smoke, Fang Ji was dumbfounded. He sensed that both pets had fainted from the heavy injuries!

At this moment, all the masters fell silent.

Especially Master Qu Jie, whose mind had been raised to the extreme. His mouth was slightly agape as he looked at the messy venue. He was a little confused.

He was certain that all the Masters had guessed that Shi Yu would use the Thunder Armor Profundity Art to break through its defense and injure the Black Tortoise.

However, what the hell was with using gravity to accelerate and directly hardening it!!!

This was a battle tactic that a normal Beast Tamer could think of???

Moreover, the most ridiculous thing was that with such a huge impact, even if there was hardening protection, it had to at least respect the anti-injury skill of the black tortoise!

Everyone looked at the lively and jumping Little Iron Eating Beast and felt their stomach hurt. They didn’t understand. Was this a f*cking Iron Eater?

“Wuu!”

At this moment, the Little Iron Eating Beast raised its head.

Everyone also looked up and saw the Green Silkworm slowly falling from the sky.

“Ji!”

It was indeed slow. Because it used the worm silk to make a parachute in the sky, it fell much slower than Eleven.

The huge parachute was formed by white and transparent worm silk. It was easy to engrave words in this way. On it, the worm put up the words “Wuji Airlines”.

Seeing the engraved parachute, Fang Ji’s mentality collapsed.

What the hell was Wuji Airlines??

F*ck, you call this a battle tactic???

At this moment, the audience in the venue was collectively in a mess. The Panda senior who was in charge of taking photos also trembled. Junior Shi Yu wanted him to record this?

“As expected, he’s still abnormal.”

This thought appeared in everyone’s minds.

As for Shi Yu, when he saw the engraved parachute of the worm, his eyelids twitched and he was stunned.

“Damn.” He didn’t know there was such a segment. Who asked you to mess around? This strategy was already ridiculous enough, and you even announced the name?

Isn’t this harming my reputation as a Beast Tamer! What if others think that I came up with this idea!