Chapter 130 - Before The Decisive Battle

Chapter 130: Before the Decisive Battle

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

On the same day.

The commotion caused by the iron-eating beast’s evolution was still brewing.

Shi Yu also realized that those who watched the commotion and liked it were basically young people.

And these people often forgot about the incident the fastest. It seemed like everyone was asking where to buy the Iron-Eating Beasts and whether the price would increase. Though, there probably weren’t many who would really do it in the end.

“When you care about whether the Iron-eating Beast will increase in price, it means that you have no fate with evolution…”

Shi Yu analyzed silently.

“But I have to say. The evolution materials of iron-eating beasts are indeed not cheap.”

“Among all the known evolution paths of monarchs, the conditions are also very harsh.”

“After all, level-seven meteor iron is needed, and it comes from outer space. It’s a rare resource that can’t be replenished. The number is really limited, and it’s not just for the evolution of the iron-eating beasts.”

“In other words, the more people who nurture iron-eating beasts, the higher the price of the resource…”

Shi Yu was silent. Indeed, it was more suitable to call it a Gold-Eating Beast!

However…

He believed that when he researched the iron-eating beast’s overlord race evolution method, these people would not regret it!

At that time, the national treasure would definitely continue to increase in price and become a national-level strategic pet. Every Beast Tamer who cultivated iron-eating beasts would probably be taken extra care of.

Therefore, the most important thing now was to use the Iron-Eating Beast to get first place in the assessment.

After all, judging from the direction of the Internet comments, many people were paying attention to the Ancient Capital vocation assessment now. They wanted to know if he could take first place this time.

“Wuu.”

“Ji.”

After Eleven and Buggy finished eating and drinking, they also opened their cell phones. After looking at the post about the vocation assessment for a while, they were slightly stunned.

In the forum, a group of spectators who did not know the truth were asking about the situation.

The professional candidates who participated in this batch expressed their views on the iron-eating beasts.

Even the Iron-eating Beast that had awakened part of the evolution bloodline could crush the Thundercloud Sprites of the high-level commander races. One against three, the true Iron-eating Beast’s evolution form was definitely impressive. Please don’t worry about investing in it.

“Ji!” Buggy raised its head. Was this considered false advertising?

The leader had indeed awakened the Ancient Evolution Bloodline, but the benefits it brought were only seeing the evolution form and multiplying its physical fitness. It wasn’t as ridiculous as what was said here. If it were a real Iron-eating Beast evolving its form, it would probably be very difficult to do so.

“Sob.” Eleven showed a proud expression. After all, not every iron-eating beast was like Eleven.

“This…” Shi Yu looked at the cell phone shared by the two pets.

They inputted together: “Low, low, low expectations, you people. It’s not a problem to crush a dragon.”

Shi Yu: “?”

Fortunately, because their cell phone numbers weren’t tied, their identities as bystanders were restricted from commenting.

Otherwise, Eleven and Buggy would be the greatest false promotion!

Don’t they themselves know that they couldn’t crush a real dragon?!

…

“Looks like your son is fighting this Shi Yu.”

On the high platform of the Ancient Capital Arena, a white-bearded elder who had been watching the battle with Legend Yin in a corner smiled and said.

“Who do you think will win?” Yin Shi looked at the venue below expressionlessly.

“Well…” The old man pondered for a moment and said,” That Iron-eating Beast’s multiplied attack can be considered to be doing its full power. ”

“Its skill proficiency is very high, and it has mastered many skills, but its basic racial quality is inferior to your son’s Zonyan Rock Beast. Under normal circumstances, these two pets should be 50-50.”

“The key might be in the tactical arrangements, as well as the Sky Crystal Butterfly and the green silkworm with an unknown bloodline.”

At the mention of a pet with a special bloodline, this involuntarily reminded the two of a graduate from an Ancient Capital University, Lu Qingyi.

As an archeologist of Bureau 11, Lu Qingyi’s pets were even more ridiculous. Each of them had a special bloodline.

The Wind Demon Lion, which had the bloodline of the guardian-level creature, the Green Spirit Wind Bird, which had awakened the bloodline of the Phoenix, and the Mermaid Princess, who had the bloodline of the Dragon… These were all related to the gains of the other party’s archeological expeditions.

“Although it looks like the Green Silkworm is inferior to the Sky Crystal Butterfly, I keep feeling that Shi Yu will win,” the old man said with a chuckle.

“Is that so…” Legend Yin muttered.

“Hahaha, no matter who wins or loses, I’m very happy.” The old man’s identity was that of the principal of Ancient Capital University. Yin Zhengfan and Shi Yu were both internally determined to enter Ancient Capital University. He would be happy to see who was outstanding!

Legend Yin said, “With Zheng Fan’s strong personality, if he loses, he might not necessarily enter the same university as Shi Yu. With my understanding of him, he should choose a place where the competition is more intense and can help him grow faster.”

The old principal of the Ancient Capital University:???

They were all from the Ancient Capital, could you not joke around?

Then should he be hoping that Shi Yu would lose?

He couldn’t help but look at Yin Zhengfan, who was preparing below.

Currently, Yin Zhengfan was fighting another seeded candidate whose Beast Taming Space had reached level three and whose basic test ranking was also in the top eight.

It was the armor-wearing idiot that Shi Yu had seen after the survival assessment ended.

To be honest, Shi Yu felt that he was much more “eighth grade” than him. Just his clothes were too silly!

However, the other candidates looked like it was only natural. They even envied the armor man’s clothes. This made Shi Yu very confused.

“The Chongyuan Group’s new third-level armor. Rich people. With this, they wouldn’t die from resisting an extraordinary-level pet’s attack, right?”

1

The special equipment worn by Beast Tamers was made of extraordinary creatures. The founder of the Chongyuan Group had said that transcendent beings were to be used to deal with transcendent beings, with the help of the nature of some special materials. In addition, as long as one side was alive, the other side wouldn’t directly die even if they were on the verge of death. Some special equipment indeed had the capital to allow Beast Tamers to face extraordinary attacks without dying.

Shi Yu :”…”

This was the benefit of being a big brand. Even if the design was second-rate, as long as it had brand effects and practical uses, a bunch of people would accept it.

Therefore, he, Shi Yu, was flashy without substance?

The armored man was a rich Beast Tamer.

Its three pets were relatively similar to Yu Shu’s style. The pets could be combined.

Because he had three pets, even if Yu Shu’s basic test energy was a little higher, everyone still thought that he was slightly stronger than Yu Shu.

These three pets were respectively a high-level transcendent species, Undead-type, and Ghost Horse.

Mid-level commander race, Undead type, Skeleton General.

Mid-level commander race, metal and undead, Sword Ghost.

In addition, he was compared to Shi Yu because this Sword Ghost Beast pet could actually be used by Beast Tamers.

But it just so happened that this armored man, Wang Ling, made the general abandon its skeleton horse, abandon its bone sword, and change them into a Specter horse and Sword Ghost.

Look, this was what a normal Beast Tamer was. He armed his pets with everything. In comparison, Shi Yu formed a sharp contrast with him.

On the battlefield, the fully armed skeleton rider was facing off against the Zonyan Rock Beast and the Sky Crystal Butterfly.

Perhaps it was due to Shi Yu’s provocation, but for the first time, Yin Zhengfan didn’t let the Sky Crystal Butterfly finish its opponent. Instead, he let the Zonyan Rock Beast show off its abilities and used its second skill other than deterrence.

Super Skill, Lava Explosion…

“Roar!!!” The huge rock creature, which was more than four meters tall and looked like a two-legged dinosaur, smashed its fist over after deterrence. During the process of its fist smashing over, its arm directly turned into a huge lava fist made of lava. In the face of this terrifying fist, the expression of the armored man Wang Ling and the skeleton rider was solemn to the extreme.

At this moment, the Specter Horse used the Group Support Skill Charging Horn to increase the team’s speed and strength.

The Skeleton General used the high-level skill, Commander’s Sword. The more teammates it had, the more focused its willpower was, and the stronger the skill.

As for the Sword Ghost, it erupted with a dark light, summoning the Phantom Demon in the hidden sword and increasing its destructive power.

With the combination of the three skills and Wang Ling’s Soul Strengthening talent, the impact of this attack reached its maximum. The entire venue suddenly became quiet.

However…

The next moment, the venue erupted, because the moment the Zonyan Rock Beast’s Lava Fist made contact with the commander’s sword of the skeleton sword riders, it was like a volcano eruption, spewing out countless terrifying magma that instantly swallowed the three pets and sent them flying!!

“Impossible.” Seeing this scene, the armored man, Wang Ling, widened his eyes.

Everyone’s mouths opened slightly, shocked by the power of this terrifying lava eruption.

“That’s all?” Seeing this scene, Yu Shu revealed a disdainful expression. In fact, he knew Wang Ling. The elders on both sides were good friends. After all, the circle of Spirit Mediums in the ancient capital was only this big, so Yu Shu had grown up competing with Wang Ling since he was young. At this moment, he saw Wang Ling lose and shook his head in pity.

“The skills of the three pets are completely uncoordinated. 1+1+1 can’t even be equaled to 3. It’s far worse than Zhang Qianyi’s three pets. This guy’s supposed to be stronger than me?”

“The outcome was indeed Yin Zhengfan vs Shi Yu.”

At this moment, the masters were analyzing the lava eruption in their hearts.

From the looks of its power, it wasn’t as simple as just mastering it. Even if it didn’t reach proficient level, it wasn’t just at entry level.

It should have been trained and strengthened through the rare volcano resource for a long time!

The Lava Explosion that was known for its destructive power as a super skill, coupled with the powerful physique of the Zonyan Rock Beast, directly defeated the opponent unreasonably!

At this moment, after Yin Zhengfan defeated his opponent and spoke politely to him, he looked around and searched for Shi Yu, but unfortunately, he couldn’t find him.

“Wu!” At this moment, Shi Yu was naturally watching the small television silently. Beside him, Eleven and Buggy widened their eyes when they saw the lava eruption. Why was its power so strong? Even as a super skill, it didn’t make sense!

“Don’t worry,” Shi Yu said from the side. “Super-level skills can mobilize much more energy than low-level, mid-level, and high-level skills. It probably didn’t feel good for it either.”

Shi Yu’s gaze was on the screen. Multiplication+Thunder Palm+Hardening. He was confident that Eleven could perfectly suppress this attack, but Eleven’s physical fitness wasn’t that much of an advantage compared to this Mane Rock Beast.

In addition, the Zonyan Rock Beast was a monarch race, and its racial foundation was much higher than the opponents he had encountered previously. In other words, it was more resistant to attacks. Thinking about it, it was really a little difficult.

“In this battle, not only do you have to be stronger than its endurance, you also have to make up for its shortcomings.” Shi Yu quickly made strategic arrangements.

“Come here and discuss this!!”

“Wuu!” “Ji!”

Eleven and Buggy looked at each other. Shi Yu rarely personally arranged battle strategies for them, and when he did, it was either because he wanted to do something or because he valued his opponent very much. They didn’t know which one it was this time.

…

In the venue.

The advancement battle between the losers was underway.

Shi Yu and Yin Zhengfan were resting silently.

At this moment, Zhang Qianyi vs Wang Ling, Yu Shu vs Miao Dongdong. These battles were also very interesting.

However, the audience was especially anxious now. They only wanted to see the battle between Shi Yu and Yin Zhengfan.

“Tell me, which one is more monstrous, Yin Zhengfan or Shi Yu?”

“One is ridiculously young and strong, while the other… Uh, alright, I don’t know how to describe Shi Yu.”

There was a flurry of discussion in the venue.

Those who were paying attention to Shi Yu also clenched their fists. For example, Senior Panda. She had a headache, and she felt even more nervous than Shi Yu himself.

She didn’t mind the potential promotion value Shi Yu brought to the Iron-eating Beast Breeding Base after winning the championship. Instead, she purely wanted to see the scene of the little Iron-eating Beast that no one had chosen to realize its dream and defeat all the strong enemies!

“Senior, senior, who do you think will win?”

At the same uninhabited spectating area, the beast-eared girl stood beside Lu Qingyi in admiration and asked.

“Anything is fine,” Lu Qingyi said.

She hoped that Shi Yu could win, but it didn’t matter if he lost. After all, the opponent wasn’t weak either. It was already very unexpected for Shi Yu to reach this stage.

In Lu’s opinion, this was just the beginning.

After the assessment, the Little Iron Eating Beast could directly help the Little Iron Eating Beast complete the evolution of its monarch race with a billion yuan worth of evolution materials. With its current foundation, it could definitely be almost invincible at the transcendent level. It wasn’t impossible to spar with dragons from overlord races of the same level of growth. After all, it had many skills and a high proficiency.

Therefore, Lu Qingyi regarded this battle with both importance and impassiveness. The vocation assessment was only the door to the Beast Tamer domain. Only after that would it truly begin.

Wasn’t this very obvious? Compared to Yin Zhengfan’s two pets, Shi Yu’s two pets had greater potential and could evolve at any time!

“Final assessment, Shi Yu, VS, Yin Zhengfan!”

The audience had no idea how long they had waited. Master Qu Jie, who was in charge of presiding over the assessment, was actually also waiting for this battle.

He took a deep breath and looked at the arena.

He hoped that it wouldn’t be destroyed too badly this time.

He wanted to strengthen the arena so much!

However, that was not friendly to the earth-element pets. For example, the Earth Mouse might struggle during the digging process. Therefore, Master Qu Jie could only repair with tears in his eyes again and again.

The level of the battle determined the level of the venue materials, but the problem was that there was a group of bastards who had displayed the ability to fight above their level. They were usually the group of people that the judge had the greatest headache over.

“Beep—”

Master Qu Jie blew the whistle. Under the excited gaze of everyone, Shi Yu and Yin Zhengfan slowly walked up the arena from both sides.

As he walked onto the arena, Yin Zhengfan looked at Shi Yu with a glint in his eyes. Clearly, he had been waiting for this battle for a long time.

As for Shi Yu, he could only smile in response to the child’s persistence. At the same time, he thought to himself,

“Don’t blame me for being ruthless…”