Chapter 138 - Additional Plan

Chapter 138: Additional Plan

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

January 11, Monday.

Yesterday, Shi Yu obtained a ginseng baby and tried out the powerful nourishing ability of the mutated ginseng baby for the first time!

He felt that he no longer needed to buy supplements in the future.

With the sweet aura, the nutrients, earth chain, and source of life, Baby Ginseng could completely replenish the consumption of the extra points.

Of course, Shi Yu also knew that it was all thanks to the level-eight spiritual fruit, the Fruit of Life.

That thing could sell for at least 1 billion, so thinking about it carefully, if he changed the Fruit of Life into supplements, it would be at least 10,000 divine beans…

Apart from the time factor, this quantity of supplements was at least equivalent to nearly 30 full-level high-level skills.

As expected, the nourishing ability of the ginseng baby didn’t come out of thin air.

At the moment.

In order to communicate normally, Eleven and Buggy had already started to drag Baby Ginseng away to learn a “second language”.

As for Shi Yu, he had already packed his luggage and prepared to return to Ping Cheng with Senior Panda.

The sky was clear, and not a single white cloud could be seen in the blue sky.

In the First Airport of Ancient Capital, a plane slowly set off. Shi Yu sat in his seat and leaned against it, feeling a little depressed.

“What’s wrong? In a bad mood?”

Seeing Shi Yu in this state, the panda senior sitting beside Shi Yu turned her head and asked.

Logically speaking… Shi Yu should be very energetic after the vocation assessment.

Now, all the major media outlets on the Internet were praising Shi Yu. If it were other young people, they would have long been feeling smug.

“I’m indeed a useless namer…” Shi Yu slumped helplessly.

He thought about it all night but still couldn’t think of a new nickname for Baby Ginseng.

He couldn’t possibly do it like Buggy, half-heartedly calling it Ginny or Baby, right?

“Name… name??” Senior Panda was stunned.

“If there’s a ginseng baby as a pet, what’s a good nickname?”

Shi Yu asked.

After some thought, the panda senior said, “Lil’ Ginseng?”

Shi Yu had almost forgotten that Panda’s naming skill was also useless.

“It sounds a little stupid and not generous enough.”

Future Ginseng Baby was a super supplement that could sweep away monarchs and overlords.

Panda:???

It was just a supplement pet. What kind of name did this guy want?

“What about the names you eliminated? What are they?” asked the panda senior.

“Grand Ginseng Emperor…” Shi Yu looked out the window.

Panda:???

Impressive, but was this really the name of the baby ginseng?

Indeed, one couldn’t expect Shi Yu to come up with a good name.

“Why was it eliminated?” However, the panda senior asked curiously.

Shi Yu turned his head slightly. What other reason could there be? It was because Buggy felt that the name was too pretentious, cooler than its own, and protested.

If he had known earlier, he would have given Buggy a proper name. Now, it was even being petty about nicknames. Wasn’t this making things difficult for him, a Beast Tamer?

“…”

…

Icefield City.

As a second-tier city of the vast Dong Huang nation, it was located at the border of the country. An even larger ice dragon snow mountain separated it from the heavy seas.

On Blue Planet, compared to land, the ocean was also larger. There were countless ferocious beasts in the deep sea, and it was a forbidden zone that humans had yet to explore.

Even a monarch-level mechanical life form couldn’t guarantee that it could safely send humans from one side of the sea to the other.

Shi Yu sat by the window and looked at the approaching icy plain. The humming of the plane sounded in his ears.

“This flight is about to reach the Icefield Airport…”

A moment later.

A group of people rushed out of the arrival hall.

Just as Shi Yu and Senior Panda came down, Hall Master Lin appeared.

He smiled at the two of them and picked them up.

A biological daughter and a junior who was even closer to him than a close friend. He had to come personally.

“Uncle Lin, how’s the situation at the breeding base?”

After getting into the car, Shi Yu asked. He wanted to know very much about the impact of the Iron-Eating Beast Breeding Base on the announcement of the Iron-Eating Beast’s evolution form and his own victory in the Ancient Capital’s assessment!

After all, he had shares now!

“There were hundreds of reservation calls overnight.” Hall Master Lin, who was driving, sighed with emotion.

His daughter’s dowry was here again.

Shi Yu was stunned. So crazy?

However, the crazier they paid for it, the harder it would be to sell it later.

Shi Yu had already imagined a group of people excitedly buying the Iron-eating Beast, and then realizing the Iron-eating Beast would only eat and sleep.

“Uncle Lin, the promotion and introduction has to be honest…”

“I understand.” Lin Hongnian looked helpless.

How could he not understand?

In the past two days, there had been a bunch of master-level Beast Tamers who had contacted him. In order to let the other party understand that the Iron-eating Beast wasn’t that perfect, he was about to become the number one anti-fan of the Iron-eating Beast.

However, it didn’t work!

He listed the shortcomings of the iron-eating beasts one by one. Even if he made something up, he couldn’t resist the buyer’s enthusiasm.

Who could he reason with?

Perhaps the iron-eating beast deserved to explode after being ignored for so long.

Senior Panda shook her head helplessly, “Speaking of which…”

She looked at Shi Yu. “When do you plan to let Eleven evolve?”

“Didn’t you say before that the reward for discovering the evolution of the iron-eating beast is almost enough to pay for the evolution materials?”

Hall Master Lin, who was in the driver’s seat, took a deep breath.

It was fine if Lin Xiuzhu didn’t mention it, but once she did, he felt speechless sorrow.

She had cultivated the Iron-eating Beast for most of her life before the Iron-eating Beast had mastered transcendent Level Hardening. As for Shi Yu, half a year?

Moreover, Shi Yu was only 18 years old, but he was already worth more than 100 million yuan. An Iron-eating Beast that was about to have a monarch title was simply a dreamy start.

As expected of a genius from Bureau 11!

At this moment, Hall Master Lin had long known Shi Yu and Lu Qingyi’s true identities and relationships.

President Feng, Director Li, and the others all knew, so Shi Yu had no reason to hide it from Hall Master Lin.

In the ruins of Ping Cheng, Lu Qingyi showing up, Shi Yu rising up… Everything could be connected.

This was also what made Hall Master Lin feel the most emotional. Comparisons were odious. Perhaps, as a member of Bureau 11, Shi Yu could really lead the iron-eating beasts further. He could even walk out of the country and let the Beast Tamers of the other six countries feel the strength of the unique pet of Dong Huang!

This was his greatest dream in his life.

“There’s no hurry.”

“I’m not ready yet,” Shi Yu said with a smile.

Apart from the fact that the hardening hadn’t reached the maximum level yet…

He also had to increase his Tamer level.

Also, he had not thought of the design of the evolution equipment.

For example, armed claws or bracers?

Or, could it be that, like Squirtle? It had two cannon muzzles that could be used to release long-range electromagnetic cannons…

He even had to consider whether he needed wings and shields. Who knew how many strange shapes Shi Yu, Eleven, and Buggy could have imagined together.

This also meant that they had yet to finalize the appearance of the evolution equipment.

At the moment, the one closest to Shi Yu’s prerequisites might be full-strength hardening.

He was filled with endless anticipation. He was curious about the different properties of max-level hardening.

“During evolution… You have to call me.” The panda senior waved her fist.

She had a premonition that Eleven’s evolution would definitely be very unusual.

“Me too.”

Lin Hongnian spoke in a low voice, also quite concerned.

Shi Yu had previously said that the Iron-eating Beast might have a second stage evolution. In terms of which Iron-eating Beast, and which Beast Tamer, that this evolution was most likely to appear on… Perhaps it could only be Eleven and Shi Yu.

During evolution, he definitely couldn’t count Elder Lin in… He could even sponsor some evolution materials.

“Dad, drive properly.” Sister Panda looked at Hall Master Lin.

“Oh right, Dad.”

“This time, Shi Yu plans to explore the Ice Dragon Ruins. At that time, can you go with him?”

Lin Hongnian had experienced many expeditions to the snow mountain. With him around, the panda senior could rest assured about Shi Yu.

“Huh?”

“You plan to explore the Ice Dragon Ruins??” Hall Master Lin immediately looked at Shi Yu in the rearview mirror and said seriously.

“Yes, I’ve already obtained some clues. Perhaps… I can gain something,” Shi Yu said.

Hall Master Lin was silent for a moment before saying, “Let me think. If it’s you, wearing a cold-proof suit, it shouldn’t be a problem to enter the snow mountain.”

“The path to the Ice Dragon Ruins is relatively safe. Many archeological teams have established it. If there’s a need, I can go with you. But even so, it’s best to find more Beast Tamers with you.”

If he were alone, Hall Master Lin could guarantee that he would be safe and sound. He could even stay in the snow mountain for a few months, but with Shi Yu around, he didn’t dare to guarantee all of Shi Yu’s safety.

In a place like the wild, there were too many unexpected factors. The more people, the better.

“Of course,” Shi Yu said. “I’ll be sufficiently prepared.”

“Then there’s no problem. Call me if you need anything.” Lin Hongnian smiled. Then, his mood became strange.

Rumor had it that the Snow Mountain Beast Tide was related to the Ice Dragon Ruins. Could it be true?

If it was true, cracking the ruins and solving the beast tide from the source would have a far-reaching impact on Icefield City.

…

After a few hours from Gudu to Ping Cheng, Shi Yu finally arrived home.

After Hall Master Lin sent Shi Yu to the villa area, he left with Lin Xiuzhu.

After watching the two of them leave, Shi Yu turned to look at the villa area and took a deep breath.

He was finally back!!!

Shi Yu took a few steps forward and returned to the training villa.

As soon as he arrived at the courtyard, he shook out Eleven, Worm, and Baby Ginseng from the ruins space.

“Wuu?” “Ji?” “Yi?”

The three pets looked around. Eleven and Buggy were surprised, while Baby Ginseng was confused.

They were home.

Shi Yu walked forward and patted Eleven on the shoulder. “I’ll leave the cleaning to you.”

With that, he turned and left to get ice cream from the fridge.

Eleven was silent for a moment before squatting down to pat Buggy on the shoulder.

“Wu wu, wu!”

With that said, it turned and left, following behind Shi Yu to eat ice pops.

In the next second, Buggy looked at Baby Ginseng and fell into deep thought.

Damn it, the language barrier was blocking this…

In less than half an hour, Buggy had cleaned up the entire villa, leaving not a trace of dust behind.

It slept directly. Materializing dozens of Green Silkworms to clean with worm silk was just that efficient.

At the same time, this was also a lesson. Buggy pulled Baby Ginseng to the side to learn from it the whole time. After all, such a difficult task in the future would belong to Baby Ginseng.

“Yi…” Baby Ginseng was extremely bitter.

This green worm was indeed a monster. In the blink of an eye, it had actually become dozens in number…

If it had this ability… Well, it still seemed useless. It would only attract more predators and make them more excited.

After the house was cleaned up, Shi Yu also took a shower. After changing his clothes, he started to call Eleven, Buggy, and Baby Ginseng over.

He started to increase their points!

Shi Yu first looked at Baby Ginseng.

[Skill]: Sweet Aura (Perfect), Slow Healing (transcendent), Earth Chain (Proficient), Nutrition (expert), Source of Life (Initiate), Multiplication (Initiate)

Yesterday, Shi Yu had pretty much judged the skill proficiency of the ginseng baby.

Apart from the source of life, multiplication, which were both at entry-level proficiency, the proficiency of the other skills of the baby ginseng was not low.

For example, the skill Slow Healing. Due to the physique of the source of life, its effect was directly comparable to that of a transcendent level skill. It could even easily regrow broken limbs, and it was even more ferocious than a master level healing skill.

As for skills like Sweet Aura and Nutrition, most of the proficiency levels only affected nourishing effects and preservation time. These skills were not low leveled due to the mutation of the baby ginseng, but they had not reached the level of proficiency qualitative change.

For example, Sweet Aura. Only at the transcendent level could it undergo a qualitative change. At that time, it would be able to condense the fragrance into preserved liquid perfume and solid spice. It would also be able to control the speed and strength of the fragrance’s diffusion, from uncontrollable to manageable.

As for the Nutrition Skill, as long as it was below Perfect Level, there were no special features. The proficiency level only affected quality and shelf life. Only when it reached transcendent Level would it be unique.

That meant that the storage time limit was nearly unlimited. Moreover, as the storage time increased, it would absorb external energy and have richer nutrition. Thousand-year-old ginseng roots and ten thousand-year-old ginseng roots came from this.

“At the moment, the nourishing effects of the sweet gas and nutritional supplements are more than enough to restore skills below high level. He didn’t have to worry about these two skills for the time being.”

“As for slow healing, it can be upgraded to high-speed healing. This isn’t urgent. After all, it has learned nutrition. Unless it goes to battle, it won’t be injured.”

“I can’t afford to upgrade Source of life, so it looks like Earth Chain is the only thing worth upgrading at the moment.”

Earth Chain could allow the ginseng baby to freeload energy from an earth vein and provide supplements limitlessly. At this moment, its recovery speed appeared to be very important. It was best to teach it absolute sleep and accelerate its recovery speed.

Source of Life+Earth Chain+Absolute Sleep… Good, good.

Therefore, the current priority should be to ensure the endurance of the baby ginseng.

Then, it was Eleven and Buggy’s skills next!

Eleven’s hardening needed to be maxed as well, while for Buggy, he had to ensure that the spatial shackles and phantom illusions could easily break through the full-level worm silk cocoon with 100% ease… In this way, after school started, he could start preparing for the evolution of Eleven and Buggy.

“Come on!” Shi Yu seemed to have made a huge decision. He looked at the three pets with a tragic expression.

Eleven and Buggy also had tragic expressions, as if they had made a lot of determination to accept the challenge of their hearts being corroded.

Only Baby Ginseng was still confused. Why were you all so serious… Suddenly, it had a bad feeling..