Chapter 135 - The Third Pet

Chapter 135: The Third Pet

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

The next day.

Morning.

The weather was good.

It was a good day to act cool.

Shi Yu stood outside the Iron-eating Beast Research Institute and looked at the sky. He took a deep breath.

But today, forget it.

As he was going to visit a senior from Bureau 11, he had to be more obedient.

“You two, take it easy. You can rest for two days.”

Before leaving, Shi Yu thought to himself.

Just as the vocation assessment ended, Eleven and Buggy started another round of special training in the ruins space. They were too diligent.

“Wuu!” “Ji!”

Eleven and Buggy said that there was no problem.

If they worked hard now, they would be able to enjoy extra points without feeling guilty in a few days!

They already had a premonition that a new storm would begin when Shi Yu was free.

Moreover, didn’t he go out today to forage for supplements?

It was a complete sign of increasing points…

“It’s not foraging for supplements…!”

“It’s to find a new companion for you.”

“Although the meaning is similar?”

…

After the vocation assessment ended, the candidates went home and discussed business.

After a night of celebration, Shi Yu had recovered to his optimal state after eating and drinking well.

Using the cell phone’s navigation, Shi Yu happily arrived at the arranged meeting place with Senior Lu.

Ancient Capital City Museum of Ancient Life Petrification.

This museum was built 47 years ago, and it covered an area of 30,000 square meters. The museum displayed biological fossils from the totem era to the Beast Taming Era, such as various dinosaurs, Sword Fang Beasts, Abyss Rhinos, Sea Space Giant Kun, and various other ancient biological fossils.

“Senior Li is here. She’s the curator here. She likes to study the fossils of extinct pets and use this to study the history of various eras.”

“She has heard the voices of many biological fossils and used this to discover many secrets, restoring many historical gaps.”

While Shi Yu was waiting, Lu Qingyi appeared behind him and spoke.

After Shi Yu saw Lu Qingyi, he said, “So Li Lianping is a senior from Bureau 11??”

来之前,他自然调查过博物馆资料.

3

The tickets to this paleozoic fossil museum weren’t expensive either. Ordinary people could come and visit as they pleased, but the curator was actually a senior from Bureau 11. Shi Yu really didn’t expect this.

“Yes.” Lu Qingyi smiled.

“This was established by Senior Li when she was young. She established this fossil museum because she actually wanted more people to understand the history of the past. She also built fossil museums in several other first-level cities, but most of the time, she won’t stay in the same place. These places are just temporary footholds for her to explore various locations.”

As Lu Qingyi spoke, the glass door of the museum opened automatically. A short old woman with silver hair and a single ponytail walked out slowly in a white research coat.

She stood at a high point and looked at Lu Qingyi and Shi Yu who were chatting. Her gaze flickered.

She looked at this reserve member of Bureau 11 carefully and observed Shi Yu, who had caused a stir in the archeological world because of the archeological discovery of the iron-eating beast’s evolution.

“Looks like Qingyi takes very good care of this new member.”

“But of course. After all, she’s the only one in Bureau 11 who’s about her age.”

Li Lianping, the senior of Bureau 11, walked out.

Lu Qingyi’s method of finding plant pets was very crude.

She directly inquired on social media, and then a bunch of acquaintances with channels contacted her.

Li Lianping happened to catch a mutated ginseng baby at that time. After asking Lu Qingyi for its use, she said that she could take it.

“It’s Senior Li.” At this moment, Lu Qingyi also saw Senior Li.

The next moment, Shi Yu quickly looked in the old lady’s direction.

Shi Yu looked at the old woman who had her hands behind her back, whose white coat fluttered without wind. Her expression was calm, and his heart skipped a beat. This Senior Li looked so strict…

…

In a room in the museum.

This senior from Bureau 11 made hot tea.

After the three of them sat down, Shi Yu looked at the old senior up close and realized that her aura had gradually faded.

Now, she looked like an old lady next door, looking at Lu Qingyi and him kindly.

“Shi Yu, right?”

“Yes.” Shi Yu nodded obediently.

“Qingyi has already mentioned you to me a few times.”

Lu Qingyi was silent beside him.

Really?

But did a group of seniors like her take the initiative to ask her for this information back then?

Senior Li Lianping clearly had other things to ask.

“How many times have you entered a ‘listening’ state?” she asked Shi Yu.

Shi Yu was stunned and immediately said, “It should be four times.”

Stone statue 2, ruins 1, ruins 1…

“Four times in half a year.” Li Lianping nodded.

This Shi Yu was a good seedling.

No wonder he could break through two ruins in a short half a year. His talent was very good.

“What do you think is the most important thing to listen to the voice of history?”

She took a sip of bitter tea and looked at Shi Yu again.

“Curiosity, and… desire for the truth of history,” Shi Yu said without hesitation.

Although he didn’t hesitate, he still felt a little hesitant.

Because sometimes, his curiosity was strong enough, and the ruins didn’t appear.

On the other hand, when he offended the ruins, the ruins directly appeared.

This was an unimaginable path. Perhaps in the future, if he encountered an unsolvable situation, he could give it a try…

“Your desire for the truth?” Li Lianping nodded again.

She was already satisfied that Shi Yu, who had not undergone systematic learning, could say this.

She continued, “Qingyi has already told me that your third pet needs a plant-type pet, right?”

“I believe my ginseng baby has already introduced it to you.”

“Yes.” Shi Yu nodded.

“Apart from not having battle potential, the Mutated Ginseng Baby is indeed the best choice. It’s not very useful to me. In that case, take it away.”

“Thank you!”

“But there’s something I have to remind you of.”

“This mutated ginseng baby has some problems because it’s a mutant.”

“But maybe it matches your personality.”

“…” Shi Yu’s expression was odd.

He felt that this development was a little familiar…

Also, why were problem pets always compatible with him???

“Let me show you.” With that said, Senior Li stood up.

Lu Qingyi also quickly stood up. When Shi Yu saw this, he immediately stood up.

In the next second, Shi Yu’s brain buzzed as he appeared in a huge plant garden.

The fragrance of various plants instantly entered Shi Yu’s nose.

He breathed in the fresh air and immediately felt more energetic.

“This is the ruins space. This place is where I use to specially grow some nutritious medicine. That ginseng baby is here.” Grandma Li put her hands behind her back again and looked at a tree branch swing.

The place where she appeared with Shi Yu and Lu Qingyi was right beside Baby Ginseng.

At this moment, Shi Yu and Lu Qingyi saw this little fellow in the form of an ordinary ginseng baby at a glance.

However, there was indeed a problem with this little guy.

He saw that it was holding a broken branch and waving it around.

“Yiya!!!”

“Yiya!!!”

His expression was solemn and serious, like a swordsman who was training hard.

Seeing this, the nearby Hundred Flower Queen Bee, Sky Devouring Dragon Frog, Worm Grass, Lingzhi Monster, and other supplements shook their heads.

This new baby ginseng was probably a fool.

Look at that group of spiritual peaches playing hide-and-seek. They had the awareness of being supplements, of being kids.

It was just a ginseng baby, what did it want to achieve?

“Hua!”

The supplements watched with interest as Baby Ginseng trained its battle skills. In the next second, they suddenly dispersed because the old witch had come.

Baby Ginseng, who was focused on honing his combat skills, was the last to notice.

As the shadow approached, its movements stiffened. It slowly turned its head and looked up at the tall old witch, Shi Yu, and Lu Qingyi.

Then, it revealed a pitiful look.

Ginseng Baby: QAQ

“Yi…” Could it be that today was another day of research?

Forget it, just cut it. It had good recovery abilities anyway, so it could recover no matter how much it cut.

“It’s indeed very similar to you.” Lu Qingyi looked at Shi Yu.

Shi Yu and Baby Ginseng were both weak chickens, but they had the experience of pretending to be swordsmen. They were a perfect match.

She roughly knew what Senior Li meant when he said that there was something wrong with this mutated ginseng baby.

This ginseng baby probably still didn’t understand where its talent was. It didn’t have the awareness to be a supplement-type pet at all.

Shi Yu :”…”

Good lord.

Shi Yu exclaimed.

He felt that something was familiar. As expected, it was another problem pet. It was even more unconventional than Eleven and Buggy.

“It’s exactly as you see. You have to train it well in the future,” said Senior Li.

If a supplement didn’t train those recovery skills and healing skills properly and ran to train battle skills, wasn’t this being negligent?

This was different from Eleven. Eleven worked hard to train because of its poor talent, while this ginseng baby was clearly ridiculously talented, but it didn’t develop in the right direction.

Shi Yu’s expression was strange. An iron-eating beast that wanted to become stronger, so it was extremely self-disciplined, a green worm that wanted to become stronger every day in its daydreams, and a baby ginseng that had battle dreams and wanted to become stronger… They were very compatible! It looked like the third one was indeed this Ginseng. It should be able to integrate into this big family very soon.

“Yi.” Baby Ginseng looked carefully at the old witch, the new little witch, and the little demon.

How was it going to be dealt with today?

“I like it very much,” Shi Yu said. “I feel that it will indeed be very compatible with me.”

Senior Li nodded. Since Shi Yu himself felt that there was no problem, there was no problem.

She looked at the mutated ginseng baby and said telepathically, “Then from today onwards, you should follow him. In the future, he will become your Beast Tamer.”

Baby Ginseng was stunned.

It wasn’t getting cut today, but sold?

Baby Ginseng:???

Baby Ginseng looked at Shi Yu, who was smiling at him. It was at a loss and panicked a little.

Who was this? It kept feeling that Shi Yu’s gaze at it was plotting something.

Just like those transcendent creatures that wanted to eat it…

No!!!

It would rather continue to stay here and be sliced up for research.

“However, your Beast Taming Space doesn’t seem to have reached level three yet. Are you preparing to raise it in the ruins space first? Or are you going to leave it with me first and contract it after you level up?”

“Although this ginseng baby doesn’t have any offensive skills, it’s not without combat power. Before contracting, you still have to be careful when touching it.”

“Its recovery skill has so much energy that it can completely burst a creature. In terms of effect, it’s similar to a Beast Tamer eating a divine bean. That’s not a supplement, but poison.” Senior Li looked at Shi Yu.

Shi Yu’s expression turned serious. There was such an amazing thing like that?

At that time, he would like to compete with Baby Ginseng. Would it nourish faster, or would he, Shi Yu, be faster at draining his energy through upgrading points?

“Let’s bond for a while. I believe I can get along with it.”

Shi Yu said.

The three of them were talking normally, so Baby Ginseng naturally didn’t understand.

Only when it was being specifically spoken to it would it use its telepathy ability.

Shi Yu squatted down and looked at Baby Ginseng. He said telepathically,

“How about coming with me? I’ll help you develop your battle talent. Who said Baby Ginsengs can’t fight?”

Leave with him as a Ginseng Baby.

Ten years later, it would be the Heaven Ascension Emperor.

Baby Ginseng was stunned. It gulped, but it still looked at Shi Yu warily.

It felt that Shi Yu was a liar.

However, Shi Yu’s words made Baby Ginseng very concerned.

This ginseng baby was not very old, and its mind was that of a child. It was at the stage where it believed everything others said.

“Yi…”

Really??

Shi Yu said in all seriousness, “You don’t have any resistance against me. Why would I lie to you? Isn’t it easy to harm you? Is there a need to lie?”

Ginseng Baby: ಥ_ಥ

Damn it, Baby Ginseng’s defense was broken.

Its weak heart was shattered by Shi Yu.

“But although you’re very weak now, I guarantee that your battle power will have a qualitative leap in half a year. Do you want to believe me?”

Shi Yu stretched out his hand, wanting to let Baby Ginseng climb onto his palm.

At the side, Senior Li and Lu Qingyi saw Shi Yu squat down and communicate telepathically with the baby ginseng. Although they didn’t know what they were talking about, they were quietly waiting for the results.

This was the advantage of being a Beast Tamer with the gift of telepathy.

Before contracting, one could communicate with their pets on a deeper level. The success rate of contracting was the highest of all talents.

“Yi!”

Baby Ginseng fell into deep thought.

It pondered over Shi Yu’s words.

It seemed like it really had no choice.

Most importantly, if it was disobedient, it would become soup.

Baby Ginseng was helpless..

Then, it would reluctantly believe it.

It would believe this human for once, for the battle dream!

“Yi!!”

Baby Ginseng rubbed its tears and climbed onto Shi Yu’s palm with a determined expression. Then, Shi Yu smiled and stood up to take a closer look.

Seeing this, Senior Li and Lu Qingyi revealed surprised expressions.

Was he able to make Baby Ginseng let down its guard so quickly? It looked like Shi Yu was quite talented.

“Eh, it’s a little fragrant.”

After raising the ginseng baby, Shi Yu sensed the fragrance of the baby and could not help but comment.

“Don’t smell it. Even if it’s just an ordinary body fragrance, you’ll feel dizzy,” Senior Li quickly said from the side.

After all, it was a ginseng baby of a monarch race. Even if it wasn’t a sweet scent skill and was just an ordinary body scent, a Beast Tamer at Shi Yu’s level would feel like he was drunk if he took a deep breath.

However, Shi Yu had already taken a deep breath.

“Uh.” Shi Yu looked at Senior Li and said, “It’s alright. I have a body that absorbs supplements easily. It’s just an ordinary fragrance. It won’t affect me.”

His expression was normal, looking completely unaffected. The physique of humans couldn’t be compared to each other. He had once eaten divine beans as candy in an extremely weak situation.

Senior Li and Lu Qingyi were speechless.

“Yi…” At this moment, Baby Ginseng looked at Shi Yu, who was constantly breathing deeply, and panicked again.

It still felt that this human was up to no good!!! Could this guy really let it leave the status of being a supplement and become a battle member?? Trust him??