Chapter 132 - The Plant Pet Is Here

Chapter 132: The Plant Pet Is Here

Translator:

Atlas Studios

Editor:

Atlas Studios

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

January 10th.

In the afternoon.

At this time, many people were actually waiting for the subsequent progress of the professional assessment in Ancient Capital.

It was mainly because the Iron-eating Beast, Shi Yu, was currently using the Iron-eating Beast to participate in the Ancient Capital vocation assessment. Moreover, his performance seemed to be very ridiculous, and it was very difficult for others to not pay attention.

The people who couldn’t watch the tournament didn’t wait for long. Those media outlets qualified to enter the professional examination hall directly released big news!

‘Vocation Assessment: Archeologist vs Legendary Son, Iron-eating Beast Suppresses Monarch, The Birth of the Strongest Newcomer in the Ancient Capital!’

On this day, the news of the vocation assessment in the nine first-level cities occupied the top of the trending search. The news of the vocation assessment in Ancient Capital paired with the evolution of the iron-eating beast was the most eye-catching.

As the Iron-eating Beasts discovered their evolution form, Shi Yu really used the Iron-eating Beast that had awakened its evolution bloodlines to defeat the monarch species pets that had yet to evolve. The Internet immediately exploded, and the Beast Tamers who were paying attention to this matter commented one after another.

“Damn, he really got first place, but I heard his opponent is a 12-year-old child. What’s going on?”

“You call the legendary son of the Zonyan Rock Beast and the Sky Crystal Butterfly a child? However, compared to Shi Yu, Little Angel Yin Zhengfan is indeed a little like a child… He still doesn’t understand the dangers of adults!”

“In that case, the Iron-eating Beast’s potential is really very strong?? Damn it, I should have chosen the Iron-eating Beast as my initial pet, but it’s not too late now!”

“This Shi Yu is too strong.”

As the incident fermented, as well as the revelations of people in the know, other information about Shi Yu was dug out.

High school in Icefield City… A student of the Feeding Department?? He had even interned at the breeding base in Icefield City?

Some voices from Icefield City said that they were classmates with Shi Yu, but they didn’t know much about Shi Yu himself because Shi Yu rarely interacted with others. He was a quiet and reclusive genius.

These people had posted their graduation photos and their credibility was very high. Because of this, the Internet was in a mess.

A quiet and reclusive genius? Everyone looked at the editing of the survival assessment again and felt that something was definitely wrong.

Learning how to feed pets? Everyone looked at the big archeologist title on the official media and became even more confused.

Now, this archeologist from the Feeding Department had become the newbie king of the Beast Tamer assessment in the ancient capital. His battle power was off the charts?

Shi Yu’s personal identity and pet experience were similarly ridiculous.

All over Icefield City, Chen Kai and Cheng Gong, the former combat units, watched the follow-up news in silence.

At this moment, Shi Yu’s reputation could be said to have risen to a new height. Although he was only a professional newbie and would definitely be forgotten slowly as the hot topic disappeared, Shi Yu was also the first to enjoy such attention after just becoming a professional Beast Tamer.

“Iron-eating Beast, buy it!”

“Too late, too late. The Iron-eating Beasts definitely can’t be affordable anymore now. Is anyone going to team up with me to catch a Green Silkworm? The Green Silkworm is also very impressive. The most important thing is that it doesn’t need money. If I catch a Green Silkworm with a hidden mysterious power, I will earn big.”

His words woke up the people from their dreams. Many Beast Tamers who were conflicted about whether they could afford the Iron-eating Beasts locked their gazes on the green silkworms that were everywhere.

The number of insect youths in the Nation increased at this moment.

…

After the battle ended, and after Master Qu Jie announced the results, Shi Yu started to take Eleven and Buggy to replenish their physical fitness.

Before this battle, there would definitely have been many spectators who thought that he wouldn’t fight the Iron-Eating Beast head-on with the Zonyan Rock Beast, because such an Iron-Eating Beast with a disadvantageous physique might not necessarily be able to gain an advantage.

Of course, this was everyone’s analysis on the basis of not knowing about expert level high-speed healing and absolute sleep.

Shi Yu thought that perhaps its physical fitness and basic qualities couldn’t compare, but in terms of explosive damage and physical endurance and resistance to damage, Eleven, who had mastered the profundity of absolute sleep, high-speed healing, and shrinking… Was really not afraid of anyone.

Hardening, multiplication, super vision, Absolute Sleep, Thunder Palm, Deterrence, High Speed Healing… Eleven could be said to be indispensable in this battle. It was the same for Buggy. Every skill was very important.

“I’ve pretty much used all my trump cards. Some powerful Beast Tamers should be able to analyze Eleven and the others’ accompanying moves after this, right?”

Shi Yu looked at the crazily eating Eleven and Buggy and thought to himself. With this strength, the next qualitative change should be after he contracted his third pet or after Eleven and Buggy evolved.

But now, he wasn’t weak either.

Professional Beast Tamers were divided into primary-level, intermediate-level, and advanced-level. Now, in the primary-level and intermediate-level domains, he should be able to kill indiscriminately.

In these two stages, the difference in the strength of the Beast Tamer was not big. The difference was only in the level of the Beast Taming Space. The growth level of the pet was basically transcendent, and only high-level professional Beast Tamers had the ability to nurture the pet to commander rank.

According to what he knew, the female beast-eared senior and the main members of the Ancient Capital University’s battle club were all high-level Beast Tamers.

This was also Shi Yu’s goal during his university days: to become a high level expert.

At that time, he would have enough strength to do whatever he wanted.

At this moment, although Shi Yu wasn’t very tired, he still lay on the sofa and looked at Eleven and Buggy, who were replenishing their energy, with a little melancholy.

“Huh?” “Ji?”

Eleven and Buggy couldn’t help but be puzzled when they saw that Shi Yu was unhappy after getting first place.

“Eat your food,” Shi Yu said.

After getting first place and becoming a professional Beast Tamer, he was about to obtain a large amount of resources. It should have been a happy thing…

However, at the thought of adding nearly 200 Hardening points to help Eleven maximize the Hardening and prepare for evolution, Shi Yu felt a headache. This wasn’t a levelless skill…

Moreover, he also had to help Buggy break through the spatial shackles, Instant Transmission, and Concealment points. Then, he had to level up the phantom and spatial shackles to the point where it could break out of the cocoon and evolve…

It was another difficult task.

Thinking about it this way, perhaps the ten days of the vocation assessment was the easiest time for him.

“I love exams and competitions.”

…

“Junior Shi Yu is awesome!!”

“Impressive.”

The vocation assessment was not over.

For example, Yin Zhengfan would definitely have to battle Zhang Qianyi, who had defeated the armored man. However, Senior Panda, the Archeological Seven Elites, and the others didn’t watch the subsequent matches. They all ran over to Yu Yu’s prep room.

They started to congratulate Shi Yu.

These few people completely didn’t expect that Shi Yu could really take first place in the Ancient Capital vocation assessment.

A few of them didn’t even dare to think about it previously.

“Impressive!” The panda senior holding the camera looked at Eleven and Buggy eating and said excitedly.

“Haha…” Shi Yu sat on the sofa. He remembered that he not only had to take care of Eleven and Buggy, but he also had to give his third pet some extra points. He smiled rather gloomily.

Amazing, right? He exchanged his body for it.

Have you all experienced the life of lying in bed and taking medicine all day long?

“Junior Shi Yu, what plans do you have next? School starts in February. There are still 20 days left. You can relax well. How about we bring you to tour the ancient capital?” Zheng Yingjie suggested.

During this period of time, everyone was busy researching the iron-eating beast evolution. Shi Yu was also busy preparing for the vocation assessment.

Now, with the announcement of the iron-eating beast’s evolution form, the research could temporarily come to an end. There was no need to rush into deeper research. After all, this was a long-term job.

Shi Yu had also become the top scholar in the Ancient Capital assessment. No matter how one looked at it, he should relax for a while.

“We can indeed have them lead you to understand the ancient capital. It’s very big here,” Senior Panda suggested with a nod.

“Senior, you might as well not return to Ping Cheng,” Lin Yu’er said.

“No…” The panda senior smiled. She had been in the Ancient Capital for nearly half a year. Next, it was time to return to Ping Cheng to take a look. Moreover, the Iron-eating Beast Breeding Base definitely needed her more than ever.

“I guess I have other things to do too.” Shi Yu smiled and declined.

“I want to explore the Ice Dragon Ruins in Ice Dragon City. This ruin is a chain mission like the one I cracked previously. I’m afraid that I won’t have time after school starts.”

Archeological Seven Elites:???

Damn, he was going to crack the ruins again?

The Ice Dragon Ruins?

They had studied archeology for so long, but they had never cracked a ruin.

And Shi Yu had already targeted the third one?

He wasn’t human…

“Ice Dragon Ruins??” The panda senior frowned and looked at Shi Yu.

“You’re just a professional Beast Tamer. Why would you go to that kind of place?”

Ice Dragon Snow Mountain. That place was even larger than the entire Icefield City. The environment was extremely harsh. There were a lot of transcendent-level ferocious beasts, and there were also a lot of ferocious beast communities with commander-level creatures. There was even an ice-element monarch. Master-level Beast Tamers weren’t suited to go deep alone. Shi Yu was only a professional Beast Tamer.

“Don’t worry, safety won’t be a problem. If I don’t have a few masters as bodyguards, I won’t go.” Shi Yu was still very experienced.

If it weren’t for the fact that Yin Zhengfan didn’t want to talk to him now, Shi Yu even wanted to beg him to let his father help…

Eh, wait a minute. Yu Shu’s mother was a Dragon Tamer, right? He wondered if she was interested in the Ice Dragon Ruins… A top-notch Dragon Tamer. This wasn’t for show. Fighting ordinary monarch-level creatures was like hitting a younger brother. She could stroll on the Ice Dragon Snow Mountain alone.

But… Yu Shu didn’t seem to like him either?

Shi Yu fell into deep thought. He clearly wanted to make more friends!

“Even if you say that…” Senior Panda was still a little worried.” Forget it, forget it. Remember to call my dad. “

She was worried about other masters’ protection, but she could guarantee that Lin Hongnian would definitely not want anything to happen to Shi Yu.

“Alright, I’ll take this call.” Shi Yu smiled. At the same time, he sensed the vibration of his cell phone and took it out.

He looked at the stunner and immediately took a deep breath.

Good, it was Senior Lu.

She called him to the rooftop of the venue to talk about plant pets.

Was she taking him to choose a plant pet?

The third pet was finally coming.

Although the level of the Beast Taming Space was not yet at level three, it was alright to understand it beforehand.

The main reason was that he had a premonition that the pet Senior Lu chose for him must be very rare. If he missed this opportunity, this pet wouldn’t exist anymore.

“I’ll go out for a while,” Shi Yu said to everyone.

Everyone nodded.

“Eleven, Buggy, eat here yourselves.” Shi Yu then said, “By the way, the thing you want is with Senior Lin.”

“Huh?” “Ji!”

Eleven and Buggy suddenly stopped and looked at the panda senior who was holding the camera. They suddenly remembered that there was such a thing.

Next, it was time to admire their heroic bearing.

They got first place, as expected of them!

“Wu!” “Ji!” Eleven and Buggy quickly ran to Lin Xiuzhu’s legs and looked at her camera.

Lin Xiuzhu smiled. “Don’t worry… I’ll give the videos to you.”

…

On a certain rooftop of the venue.

At the moment, only Lu Qingyi and White Brook were here.

They chatted with each other and discussed Shi Yu.

When Shi Yu came over, the two of them turned around and looked at him.

“Senior Lu, Senior Brook.”

Shi Yu smiled and greeted the two rich girls.

“Shiyu, do you want to join the battle club and the school team after school? I’ll take you to the National League when the time comes,” White Brook invited with a smile.

When she first saw Shi Yu, she didn’t feel anything, but after looking at Shi Yu’s vocation assessment, she realized that Shi Yu’s potential was really strong.

In fact, that Iron-eating Beast and Green Silkworm didn’t even need to learn other skills or increase their skill proficiency. As long as their growth level reached commander rank, Shi Yu would definitely be able to perform well in the National League. After all, there were very few Beast Tamers who could master the profundities in the National League.

If she considered the fact that the iron-eating beast and the green worm could still evolve, she felt that Shi Yu could help Ancient Capital University win a national championship that Ancient Capital University had never won.

“This…” Shi Yu felt tired. Did he have to participate in collective training or something?

“The rewards are very good. Young cubs of monarch species, super-level skill manuals, high-level resources, opportunities to enter mystic realms…” White Brook sighed.” Most importantly, the school’s rewards will only be more than the prizes of the competition. “

Shi Yu’s eyes lit up. “It didn’t matter if the reward was there or not. It was mainly because he wanted to win honor for the school”? He liked this kind of safe competition very much.

Lu Qingyi rubbed her temples and said, “Let’s not talk about things so far away first.”

With that said, she smiled and looked at Shi Yu. “I previously told you that I would take you to choose a plant pet after the assessment.”

“Actually, I’ve already helped you choose seven types. I was afraid that you would be distracted just now, so I didn’t tell you.”

“They come from different places and their states are also different. You should understand them first and choose further. I’ll bring you to take a look personally another day.”

“Let me help you analyze it,” White Brook also said with a smile. She loved to choose pets the most and also liked to help others choose.

“Which seven??” Shi Yu became excited.

Lu Qingyi said,

“Middle class monarch race, wood and dragon types, Dragon Blood Willow.

Low-level monarch race, wood-element, Tree of Life.

Low-level monarch race, wood and spirit dual-element, Blue Spider Lily

Low-level monarch race, wood-element, Mutated Ginseng Baby.

High class commander species, wood type, undead type, Wood Spirit.

Among the high class commander species, the spiritual type Seven Star Four Leaf Clover, with a time talent.

High class commander species, dual elements of spirit and space, Scarecrow Magician.. “