Chapter 133 - Classic Seven Choices

Chapter 133: Classic Seven Choices

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Shi Yu: Aba Aba Aba Aba…

As soon as the names of Lu Qingyi’s seven pets were mentioned, Shi Yu immediately felt conflicted!

How could he choose!

He didn’t expect that there were actually four monarch races.

Just randomly picking one would make 99.99% of the plant based Tamers green with envy.

“Sigh.”

Beside him, White Brook shook her head.

Shi Yu might not know how rich this woman he’d gotten the favor of was.

A young monarch pet suitable for contracting was something that could only be chanced upon by luck for ordinary master-level Beast Tamers.

But for Lu Qingyi, who had the identity of Division 11 and knew many legendary Beast Tamers, finding it wasn’t a difficult task.

In short, Shi Yu was really lucky to have such a blissful list!

“Some pets might not meet your initial requirements. I’ll explain them to you one by one. You choose,” Lu Qingyi said.

“Alright.” Shi Yu nodded obediently.

“The Dragon Blood Willow is the evolved form of the Blood-sucking Willow after it absorbed dragon blood.”

“It’s a special breed cultivated by a top-level master of plant pets who doesn’t like dragons very much. It grows by absorbing dragon blood.”

“At the same time, the tree sap it releases can be bathed in ordinary plants. It can create spiritual plants that dragons like. This is the bait they set up to hunt dragons.”

“This master nurtures a Dragon Blood Willow every few years to give it to someone. This one should currently be at the transcendent level, close to the commander level, in a new life state, and has just evolved.”

“It has the greatest battle potential among the seven pets. It has mastered the super-rank racial skill, ‘Divine Willow’. It’s a war machine that can fight against monarchs and dragons. It’s very resistant to dragons and is a pet that can greatly increase the combat power of Beast Tamers.”

Lu Qingyi smiled.

“This is good, its battle power is very strong.” The beast-eared girl had clearly seen the battle of the Dragon Blood Willow.

That blood-red willow branch could directly penetrate the dragon’s scales. It was very violent!

“Then there’s the Tree of Life. You’re not unfamiliar with it, right?” Lu Qingyi asked. “Isn’t there a monarch level Ancient Tree of Life in Icefield City?”

Shi Yu nodded.

The Ancient Tree of Life was the evolution form of the Tree of Life.

The Tree of Life was also a descendant of the Ancient Tree of Life.

Apart from the first batch of Trees of Life that were born for unknown reasons, most of the origin of the Tree of Life’s saplings were chosen to sacrifice themselves to become a seed after the Ancient Tree of Life’s vitality was exhausted.

“This Tree of Life sapling was born after the death of an Ancient Tree of Life. Its current growth level has just reached the transcendent level.”

“The Tree of Life is a classic healing-type pet. Its own life force is very strong. It has the power to revive some ordinary plants. It can also have very powerful effects when used to treat humans and other life forms. It has mastered the transcendent race skill, ‘Life Gift’.”

“After the contract, it can greatly increase the vitality of Beast Tamers, and it can increase the lifespan of Beast Tamers by several years.”

She explained the benefits of contracting the Tree of Life.

When Shi Yu heard that, he was immediately tempted.

Because he currently had the control of a super skill.

The gift of life, paired with plant control… It would become both a war machine and the strongest gardener.

Just imagine, the immortal and indestructible sea of trees descending…

Compared to the Dragon Blood Willow, the Tree of Life and the Ancient Tree of Life were not pets that were good at fighting. The main classification was still treatment-type pets. However, the reason why the Ancient Tree of Life in Icefield City could become the guardian of Icefield City was that in addition to the racial skill Life Gift, it had also learned the wood-element super skill Plant Control during its long life.

If he chose this, Shi Yu could use that Auntie Ancient Tree’s growth template to nurture this little Tree of Life.

Second, the benefits that contracting the Tree of Life brought to Beast Tamers were also not what other ordinary plant pets had.

The growth and evolution of pets would give the Beast Tamer some power.

The power ratio of the feedback was actually mainly based on the types of pets.

For example, the Iron-eating Beast’s growth gave Shi Yu more basic physical strength.

If it was a spiritual pet, the power it gave Shi Yu after growing up would be that it had more spiritual power.

As for after contracting the Tree of Life, the feedback would definitely be that there was more life force. Therefore, Beast Tamers who contracted healing-type pets generally had higher lifespans.

“This is also very good.” The beast-eared girl nodded.

The Tree of Life, the most reliable partner!

It could fight, it could be a gardener, it could heal, it was perfect!

“The Blue Spider Lily is active in a dangerous place. I’ve gone to investigate before. This is a relatively dangerous plant that has the ability to create illusions, and is extremely resistant to undead creatures. It also has the skill of a transcendent-level illusion-type species, Blue Purgatory.”

“Contracting this is relatively dangerous, but its illusion ability is very reliable. The most important thing is that its seeds can parasitize a Beast Tamer’s body, giving the Beast Tamer the ability to maintain his form even if his soul leaves the body. After contracting it, even if the body accidentally dies, his consciousness can still be maintained in the form of a soul for a period of time. Not bad, very suitable for high-risk workers.”

“Indeed.” The beast-eared girl nodded. As expected of Senior Lu.

Shi Yu :”…”

Damn, that sounded scary.

How was it not bad?

“Then there’s the Mutated Ginseng Baby,” Senior Lu said.

“How did Baby Ginseng reach the monarch race?” Shi Yu asked.

Isn’t this a supplement for transcendent races!?

After hearing this name, he was very concerned.

“Mutated…” Lu Qingyi.

Shi Yu :”…”

“This is a special pet that a senior from Bureau 11 accidentally discovered in the forbidden area recently.”

“It was originally an ordinary ginseng baby. In a place like the dangerous Lost World forbidden zone, its fate was basically to become food for other ferocious beasts.”

“But forbidden areas represent danger, and also opportunities.”

“In that place, it accidentally ate an ownerless level-eight resource, Life Fruit, and survived with a very small chance. Its body mutated and it awakened a transcendent-level wood-element skill, ‘Source of Life’.”

“Its current form is still that of a ginseng baby, but its life force, physical strength, energy value, and race potential have all undergone huge changes. It can be said to have undergone a different evolution.”

“According to the comprehensive judgment of that senior from Bureau 11, its race level should currently be judged to be a low-level monarch. No, it might be even higher, but it’s only so low considering that Baby Ginseng’s race has almost no combat power.”

There were a total of three types of plant-type transcendent creatures.

The battle type mostly evolved from meat-eating plants like the venus flytrap.

For healing types, they had less battle power, but powerful self sustaining capabilities.

The supplement type was the kind of creature that was a nourishing plant before it evolved. Its combat power was the weakest of the three types, and it was also the favorite of other ferocious beasts. Often, the nutritional value of this kind of supplement-type plant pet was the highest.

Baby Ginseng was a classic supplement-type pet. Its battle power was not high, but it could create nourishing supplements for Beast Tamers and other pets to eat. Therefore, there were many places with baby Ginseng farms.

“This mutated ginseng baby has a life force comparable to the sapling of the Tree of Life. Its energy level is also very high, not inferior to the cubs of other monarch species. Its own nourishing effect is also very good. Moreover, it has the source of life, a transcendent skill that can recover life force and physical strength at a high speed. It can quickly produce high-quality supplements at the smallest cost. Its recovery power is strong, and it’s very suitable for those Beast Tamers who have a huge consumption of strengthening talent and physical fitness.”

“If you contract this pet, it’s actually equivalent to giving up your combat power and strengthening your life-saving ability. Although you don’t have an enhanced Beast Taming Talent and don’t need to use physical strength, it can greatly increase the time you use the Ruins Bead to Etherealize. When you reach the Legendary level, you can use your Beast Taming Space for that, and the effect will be even more obvious.”

Shi Yu was momentarily stunned.

The source of life? A super-level recovery-type skill? The minimum cost was to produce high-quality supplements infinitely?

If he contracted a supplement-type plant pet, the feedback from the pet’s upgrade would be physical recovery ability…

Shi Yu was tempted again. F*ck, at the moment, the Dragon Blood Willow and the Paramita Flower were alright, but the Ancient Tree of Life and the Ginseng Baby were both what he needed.

Although the former couldn’t directly produce supplements, as long as there were seeds, the gift of life could quickly mature high-quality supplements with the control of the plants.

The latter was a super supplement in itself, and it also had the ability to produce at a high speed. Most importantly, after contracting the ginseng baby, its physical recovery ability would undergo a qualitative change, which was very compatible with the skill index.

“This is also good,” the beast-eared girl suggested.

Shi Yu: “?”

What kind of advice was this?

Obviously she thought everyone was good!

Senior Lu continued to introduce the remaining three.

The rest had no super skills, nor were they of a monarch race, but they were relatively special pets.

“The wood spirit is a plant spirit born from the evolution of an entire forest. It’s similar to the concept of the soul of a mountain and the spirit of a lake. It can possess ordinary plants and accelerate the growth of this plant, helping it evolve into a spiritual plant and giving it combat ability. As it grows, it can control the entire forest. When the types, quality, and number of plants it possess reach a certain limit, there’s a possibility of it evolving into the monarch’s species pet, the monarch of the forest. It can also awaken plant control skills.”

“This is also very good,” the beast-eared girl praised. Senior Lu is awesome. She actually found so many rare plant pets.

Shi Yu :”…”

It was indeed very good. It could also create an army of supplements. Most importantly, it could form an army of plants according to its own thoughts.

Contracting one was equivalent to contracting a group.

“The Seven Star Four Leaf Clover is a very special plant pet. Its skills are all inclined to the defensive type. It has defensive skills that can withstand various types of attacks. Moreover, due to its small size, it can perfectly cooperate with Beast Tamers and protect Beast Tamers.”

“Apart from that, it also has the mental-type skill of sensing danger that contains a little time element. It can help Beast Tamers turn misfortune into blessings, so it’s also known as the lucky grass. This is very suitable for some unlucky people who like to court death.”

Lu Qingyi referred to those fellow archeologists who had died.

Shi Yu gulped and was tempted again. Time, time, he had finally encountered his first time-type skill!

He wanted this!!

“I want this!” The beast-eared girl also said.

Shi Yu: “?”

“As for the Scarecrow Magician, it is a rare spatial pet that has the miraculous ability of ‘Scarecrow Substitute’. If the enemy attacks the owner of the Scarecrow Magician, it’s very likely that the damage will be transferred to the Scarecrow Substitute created by the Scarecrow Magician. Or perhaps, the enemy’s target from the beginning to the end is the Scarecrow Substitute.”

“This is also a pet that can increase the survival ability of the Beast Tamer.”

This time, before the beast-eared girl could say anything, Shi Yu said, “Do you want this too?”

White Brook shook her head. “It’s too ugly, it’s so gloomy.”

Shi Yu: “?”

“Then, have you considered it?” Lu Qingyi smiled at Shi Yu.

Apart from the blue spider lily that she had to capture personally, these pets were all from different places. She needed to rely on connections to buy, exchange, or ask for them. She just didn’t know which one Shi Yu liked more.

Shi Yu fell into deep thought.

According to his preferences, he first eliminated the Dragon Blood Willow, the Blue Spider Lily, and the Scarecrow Magician.

He didn’t lack pure battle-type pets.

The Lily sounded dangerous to obtain and contract. Forget it.

The life-saving ability bestowed by the Scarecrow Magician wasn’t that needed. At the moment, the ruins bead was actually enough.

Most importantly, Buggy was about to have a space element. Another extra space element was not very attractive to him.

As for the tree of life, the mutated ginseng baby, the wood spirit, and the seven-star four-leaf clover…

Shi Yu once again eliminated the clover and its premonition danger skill. He wanted to see if he could replicate it later. Forget about the contract. He was such an outstanding boy, so his luck wouldn’t be bad.

Then, he rejected Forest Spirit again, mainly because the cultivation period was too long. Moreover, this kind of DIY-type pet needed a bunch of high-level spiritual plant underlings at a glance. Training one was equivalent to cultivating a group. The cost was huge. He didn’t have money anymore! Moreover, the plant control skill awakened after evolution was too boring.

In other words, whoever he taught plant control to would already be the monarch of the forest anyway. There was no need to deliberately pursue this.

In the end… there was still the tree of life and the mutated ginseng baby to choose from.

Shi Yu thought about the advantage of the Tree of Life. Firstly, there was still the evolution of a high-level monarch race. Although the conditions were unknown, there was indeed a possibility of evolution.

Secondly, the Tree of Life was very suitable to be a gardener. With the control of the plants, it could grow various spiritual plants in the ruins bead, not limited to supplements.

However, the disadvantage was that it needed to be cultivated for a period of time. At the moment, the level of the Tree of Life’s sapling was too low, and the level of the gardener’s potential wasn’t high. He couldn’t teach plant control either. Perhaps within a year or two, he wouldn’t be able to experience the joy of quickly producing high-quality spiritual plants. He might not even be able to be self-sufficient, let alone earn money through this.

The advantage of the Mutated Ginseng Baby was that after contracting, it could immediately reflect the speed of physical recovery. With the excellent effect of the skill index, it could provide him with a pretty good points upgrading experience in the short term.

In addition, even without the contract, it could also quickly produce high-quality supplements for the current Shi Yu to use. It could help Shi Yu save a lot of money.

If there was a disadvantage, it was that it had no battle power at all. It was a mutated species, and its future development path was unknown.

“Senior, do you have any suggestions?”

Shi Yu looked at Lu Qingyi.

“I suggest… the sapling of the tree of life, the mutated ginseng baby, the wood spirit, and the seven-star four-leaf clover.”

Lu Qingyi smiled. “The word “lucky grass” isn’t called lucky for nothing.”

“Forest Spirit can be used together with the ruins space. There are many cultivation paths. It can be used to fight, heal, and recover.”

“From the current potential, the highest level can be raised to a high-level monarch. Although the evolution conditions are very harsh, there’s at least a way to find it.”

“However, from your own perspective, I still advise you to contract the mutated ginseng baby the most.”

“As a monarch pet, it’s definitely easier to contract than the other monarch races.”

“Besides, don’t forget that your Iron-eating Beast and Green Silkworm still have to evolve.”

Shi Yu nodded…

“After they evolve, their racial levels might all reach the level of monarchs, and your Beast Taming Space is only at level two. Even if they evolve, they will bring huge feedback to your Beast Taming Space, and huge feedback to you. In theory, it will still be very difficult for you to bear, even if the Beast Taming Space reaches level three.”

“Moreover, during the period when the Green Silkworm is in the form of a cocoon, it’s the stage where it relies on the Beast Tamer’s Beast Taming Space the most. If a pet in the form of a cocoon is raised in the outside world, it won’t be absorbing the nutrients provided by the cocoon and the Beast Tamer themselves. It’s very easy to affect the contract between the two parties. And if it sleeps in the Beast Taming Space, with its current potential… it might be uncomfortable for you.”

“At that time, the Beast Taming Space won’t be able to withstand their growth speed and insufficient nutrition. Your condition will be greatly affected. However, if you contract the ginseng baby, there won’t be this effect. The recovery ability it brings you can largely share this burden. In the future, as the number of pets you contract increases, the value of the ginseng baby will increase.”

“In short, although you have the bead that can replace your Beast Taming Space, I suggest you don’t do this in the long term. After all, the Beast Taming Space is the best place to maintain the bonds between Beast Tamers and pets.”

Shi Yu fell into deep thought. Would it? Eleven and Buggy seemed to have been outside longer than he had in the Beast Taming Space, but their relationship was very good!

However, the best habitat of the cocoon was the Beast Taming Space of the Beast Tamer himself. This was indeed correct, as various academic papers had proven.

Since Senior Lu said so, it seemed like Baby Ginseng was indeed more useful.

“Then I’ll choose the mutated ginseng baby.” Shi Yu finally made a decision.

The life force of the Mutated Ginseng Baby was not inferior to the Tree of Life. As long as he replicated the gift of life, the effect would be the same. At that time, he would teach it the plant control skill. It could also do what the Tree of Life could do. It was not a problem for it to have weak combat power!

Furthermore, it could completely digest a level-eight resource and transform itself into the number one mutated ginseng baby. This ginseng baby was also very unscientific. Although its future potential was unknown, it didn’t necessarily mean that it was weak. It might mean that its talent was ridiculously good. Shi Yu kept analyzing.

However, at that time, the combat power of a supplementary ginseng baby would be off the charts… That would be f*cking hard to explain and unscientific. It was even more ridiculous than Buggy. The ingredient, fighting people…

“You chose it? Actually, you can choose two or three to see for yourself if it’s suitable before deciding,” Lu Qingyi said.

Shi Yu was stunned. Was this a chance for him to replicate the skill first…