Chapter 139 - Their Limits

Chapter 139: Their Limits

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

In the ruins.

Shi Yu pulled Eleven, Worm, and Baby Ginseng in.

It was actually quite difficult to save money and turn a ginseng baby into a “perpetual motion” ginseng.

He had to increase the proficiency of the Earth Chain Skill as much as possible.

Apart from that, the perpetual motion aspect was also very particular.

At least it wouldn’t work in the training villa.

Earth Chain looked very impressive, but it was actually very useless.

Its requirements for the environment were very harsh.

For example, on the ocean, this skill was directly crippled.

For example, on the cement road, the low stamina Ginseng Baby might not necessarily be able to recover Shi Yu’s full physical fitness even after a month if it tried using Earth Chain..

Spending a month was far inferior to eating an energy crystal to recover faster.

Only in wild areas with abundant natural energy, fertile land, and rich resources… Or training grounds and battlefields with qualified energy standards would these skills be relatively easier to use.

For example, human cities were places with relatively thin natural energy.

However, although it was thin, the huge power of the land was enough compared to an extraordinary ginseng baby.

What prevented the Ginseng Baby from recovering was also the problem of absorption efficiency.

The energy in the city was thin to begin with, and the absorption effect was inferior to that in the wild. In addition, the skill proficiency was not high, and the absorption efficiency was poor. Therefore, it was really possible that a situation where one could take root for a month, and still not recover their physical fitness to the fullest, would happen.

This was also the reason why Shi Yu wanted to prioritize raising the level of Earth Chain.

Perhaps, only by leveling up to the level near Dao proficiency could Baby Ginseng ignore the environmental factors and absorb natural energy to recover its physical fitness faster.

Controlling natural powers was actually an ability that only guardians and Mythical creatures began to come into contact with and control.

Skills such as Earth Chain and Absolute Sleep could only be considered to have touched the surface. Therefore, the restrictions were huge and the effects were poor.

In fact, the best way was for Shi Yu and the others to directly settle in the wild. This way, the effect of this skill would be the best.

However, Shi Yu thought about it. The growth speed of Eleven and Buggy was not bad in the ruins space either. It was definitely related to training in the ruins space.

Be it the ownerless Beast Taming Space or the ownerless ruins, they could draw strength from nature at different speeds and convert it into various nutrients that were easy to absorb. This was also why pets grew faster in the ruins space and Beast Taming Space.

If it took root there, it could also relieve the problem of the consumption of the ginseng baby being greater than its recovery. Most importantly, it would save Shi Yu and the others the trouble of going into the wild. Moreover, even if it was in the wild, as long as it was close to the city, the natural energy was not especially abundant. Unless Shi Yu went to Baby Ginseng’s hometown, outside the country… But that kind of place was even more dangerous than the Ice Dragon Snow Mountain. He didn’t want that…

“Baby Ginseng, let me see your limit!”

“Earth Chain, Sweet Aura!”

“Wuu!” “Ji!”

Baby Ginseng, let us see your limit!

Shi Yu, Eleven, and Buggy looked at Baby Ginseng seriously.

Ginseng Baby: ╰ (*° ▽ °*) ╯

Baby Ginseng’s heart skipped a beat. As expected…

It had said that it had a bad premonition. Now, it seemed that the premonition had come true.

It was going to be sucked dry…

Ginseng Baby wanted to cry.

“Hurry up.”

“The more sweetness you release, the stronger you will become.”

“Don’t you want to evolve from Baby Ginseng to a towering emperor?”

“Yi!!!” As Shi Yu finished speaking, Baby Ginseng widened its eyes. A sweet aura suddenly spread from the ginseng flower.

“Let the sweetness wrap around me.”

Shi Yu’s words made Baby Ginseng immediately take a step back. Shi Yu was definitely the most terrifying creature it had ever seen.

The more one inhaled the sweetness, the weaker they became. It was ridiculous to rush to inhale the sweetness.

It wondered if… he could satisfy Shi Yu this time.

“Yi!!!” Baby Ginseng gulped and controlled the sweet aura to surround Shi Yu.

In the next second, Shi Yu took a deep breath and a white halo suddenly appeared on his right hand.

And it hit Baby Ginseng.

Earth Chain, teach!

Previously, he had already replicated the Earth Chain skill.

And now, it was the other way around.

At this moment, the baby ginseng that was releasing the sweet aura was immediately at a loss.

In its mind, its understanding of the Earth Chain Skill immediately deepened.

The connection between it and the ground immediately felt a little deeper.

Then, Shi Yu’s hand did not stop.

At the moment, Baby Ginseng’s greatest power, sweet aura, could directly restore nearly 200 hours of cooldown time.

It had only taken 40 hours’ worth since he started teaching the Intermediate Skill Earth Chain. In short, in order to not waste the sweet aura, he couldn’t stop teaching!

Pa!

In less than half a minute, Shi Yu felt that it was alright again, and his hand hit Baby Ginseng for the second time.

At this moment, Baby Ginseng felt that its understanding of the earth chain had undergone a qualitative change.

[Skill]: Earth Chain (Expert)

This was not the end. Every few moments, Shi Yu would continue to pat it.

In just two minutes, Baby Ginseng was stunned on the spot.

It didn’t understand why he suddenly became stronger after the Beast Tamer patted him.

Baby Ginseng:(◐ o ◑)

This was… a human Beast Tamer?

“The sweetness can’t stop.” Just as Baby Ginseng was in a daze, Shi Yu’s voice sounded.

Baby Ginseng saw that the all-powerful sweet aura it had released had actually been completely absorbed by Shi Yu. It couldn’t help but widen its eyes.

Ah, this…

“Baby Ginseng, is this your limit?”

Shi Yu asked.

Baby Ginseng was stunned. Of course, this wasn’t its limit. A low-level skill like Sweet Aura… Even if it was released at the greatest power, it could still be released many times!

This was what it was like for high energy creatures.

“Yi!!” Baby Ginseng immediately continued to release its sweetness.

At this moment, Shi Yu’s hand hit Baby Ginseng again.

Heavens!

Baby Ginseng felt that its skill proficiency had never improved so quickly.

The last time his proficiency increased was when it accidentally ate the Fruit of Life…

Shi Yu = Fruit of Life?

A moment later, Baby Ginseng seemed to have understood something.

Could a Beast Tamer turn the energy around and make it stronger after absorbing its sweet aura?

Could this be the reason why Shi Yu said it could become powerful?

Realizing this, Baby Ginseng’s expression gradually became serious.

He should have said so earlier…

It looked at Shi Yu, who was absorbing the sweet aura and constantly condensing light in its palm to slap itself.

Then, a strong desire to compete appeared.

“Beast Tamer, let me see where your limit is!!!” It thought.

Don’t stop!

“Let’s see who will have the last laugh!” It thought.

“Yi!!!!” Baby Ginseng changed to full power mode. The ginseng flower went berserk like a propeller, continuously releasing all its power and sweetness to wrap around Shi Yu.

“Damn, it’s so pungent…”

At that moment, even if the sweetness was very strong and smelled good, Shi Yu’s face instantly darkened.

Baby Ginseng was over it?

At the side, Eleven and Buggy looked gratified. This ginseng had potential!

As long as he knew that it was a good thing to have points added, it wasn’t stupid!

At this moment, Shi Yu was absorbing the sweet aura while teaching the skill.

His body kept changing between exhaustion and peak recovery.

This process also made his body undergo intense tempering.

Under the protection of the skill index, Shi Yu’s physical fitness was also increasing crazily.

Although time after time, Shi Yu still felt an unavoidable load on his body and mind, right now, Shi Yu felt as high as the ginseng baby.

If it were anyone else, they definitely wouldn’t be able to absorb the effects of the supplements so quickly.

After absorbing too many supplements, the body would definitely produce a greater burden.

However, under the protection of the second talent of the skill index, Shi Yu really didn’t lie to his seniors. He had the “Supplement Absorption” talent.

Not only would the burden produced be reduced to the minimum, but it could also strengthen the body!

He had never felt that his physical fitness had become so obvious and so fast.

When he was a Beast Tamer intern, even if he taught skills with the index frequently, the improvement effect was only so-so…

A moment later, Shi Yu understood.

Previously, when his physique was still in the category of ordinary people, there was a certain upper limit. Even if the skill index gave him multiple feedback, he couldn’t escape the category of ordinary people. No matter how ordinary physiques were trained, he was still “human”.

However, after his Beast Taming Space upgraded to level two and his own physique became transcendent, the upper limit of his body strength instantly increased by a lot.

The difference between a powerful transcendent and a weak transcendent was even greater than the difference in physical fitness between a strong ordinary person and an ordinary person.

However, as the space increased, the power that the skill index could provide was even greater.

“Yi!!!”

After a long time, because Shi Yu had the protection and feedback of the skill index, and Baby Ginseng focused on only consuming it… In a short period of time, Baby Ginseng cried and realized that its physical fitness was almost insufficient to support the release of the sweet aura.

At Shi Yu’s absorbing speed, even with the support of its source of life skill, it couldn’t withstand it.

The Beast Tamer in front of it was like a black hole. It was extremely scary, squeezing it dry…

Baby Ginseng shuddered.

Ginseng Baby: ಥ_ಥ

Was this… Its limit..?

It didn’t expect that as the legendary mutated ginseng baby, it would actually lose to a human…

“That’s why you need Earth Chain.”

Shi Yu looked at Baby Ginseng who was still standing on the ground and could not help but say in a speechless manner.

After saying that, Baby Ginseng was stunned for a moment before it reacted.

Eh, it almost forgot…

The next moment, its two tender calves were instantly filled with light. It seemed to penetrate the ground and become one with the ground.

At this moment, the nearly perfect level Earth Chain, in addition to the two recovery measures of source of life and the ruins… It all instantly increased Baby Ginseng’s energy recovery speed.

Baby Ginseng was delighted. It seemed… to work!

After Earth Chain’s level increased, although it couldn’t maintain the crazy consumption of the sweet aura, the energy loss immediately became less exaggerated.

“Continue!” Shi Yu chuckled with a serious expression.

“Wuu!” “Ji!”

At the side, Eleven and Buggy even forgot to train. They rubbed their hands the whole time and looked at the combination.

So fierce!

Baby Ginseng was so fierce!

The Tamer was so fierce!

So, when would it be their turn?!!!

Baby Ginseng’s crazy increase in points almost made them cry.

Who could resist such temptation!

…

At the same time.

Ancient Capital City.

The old principal of Ancient Capital University stayed at Legend Yin’sX house aggrievedly.

“Little Yin, that’s not what we said before.”

“Didn’t we agree to let Zhengfan enter Ancient Capital University to study?”

“Why did you change your mind just like that?”

Legend Yin had a calm expression and turned hostile.

“I never promised you.”

“What I said previously was that it’s all up to Zhengfan to decide.”

“At that time, his attitude was that it didn’t matter. He could go anywhere.”

“And now, he wants to go to the capital.” Legend Yin shook his head, as if he was powerless and couldn’t interfere.

Just as he had expected, after losing to Shi Yu, Yin Zhengfan kept quiet for a long time.

He also made a decision. He would leave his hometown, the Ancient Capital, and compete for a more brutal, more talented, and comprehensive strength. He would leave for the Imperial Capital University, which was currently the number one university in the country, to further his studies in the battle department.

In comparison, the resources facilities of Ancient Capital University and the combat specialization were barely in the top five in the country’s universities…

If he got the title of top scholar, along with the right to be willful at such a young age… Yin Zhengfan naturally didn’t mind.

However, after losing to Shi Yu, he didn’t want to make a random choice. He wanted to catch up to Shi Yu and his father with faster footsteps.

Imperial Capital University was more suitable for him than Ancient Capital University.

“I…” The old principal of the Ancient Capital University cried in his heart. What the f*ck was going on?

He dared to guarantee that this was definitely not Yin Zhengfan’s decision alone. Yin Zhongrong was definitely more inclined to let his child grow on bigger stages like Imperial City and Demon City.

“As a local of the Ancient Capital, he had to study at the Ancient Capital University”? There was indeed no such thing.

The principal of Ancient Capital University also knew that places like Imperial University and Demon University were more suitable for Yin Zhengfan.

But… it was still a pity.

At the same time…

Yu Shu, Zhang Qianyi, Wang Ling, Miao Dongdong, and the others had pretty much made their choice as to where they would go to further their studies in the future.

“Don’t worry, Mom. I’ll definitely surpass that guy within a year.”

Yu Shu promised his mother, the Dragon Tamer. Then, she rolled her eyes.

“Is that so?”

“Of course.” Yu Shu was unconvinced.

The advantages of Spirit Medium and Dragon Tamers depended on development.

After entering university, he would be able to enter the best training venues in the ancient capital that were suitable for Spirit Mediums to train their undead pets. Shi Yu’s telepathy talent would only be greater and greater than his.

On the other side…

Zhang Qianyi’s master, an old granny who also had the talent to control beasts, Shu Shu, said calmly to this grassroots girl.

“It’s just a secondary vocational assessment. You don’t have to worry about the number. The real stage is after university.”

“Your talent has greater potential than all of them.”

This was because he didn’t want the girl to be hit by the fact that she hadn’t gotten the best results even though it was a retest.

“Yes,” Zhang Qianyi said quietly.

Because she came from an ordinary family, she was stronger than others.

At this moment, she made up her mind. After college, she had to work hard to surpass Shi Yu, Yin Zhengfan, and the others. Moreover, she had to maintain the advantage of crushing Yu Shu.

The vocation assessment ended.

Each candidate had their own destination, and every Beast Tamer Association also concluded their business.

In this year’s vocation assessment, the average quality of the candidates had improved again compared to last year.

This was the embodiment of the prosperous development of the Beast Tamer domain.

According to tradition, this batch of candidates would undergo a qualitative change within a year with the support of more resources, be it after entering a business or university, under an even more intense competition environment. They would all be promoted to Intermediate Beast Tamers.

However, at this moment… There was actually an unreasonable candidate who had secretly undergone another qualitative change before school started and before he could enjoy the resources of the university…

“Baby Ginseng, let me see your limit!”

“Yi!! (Shi Yu, let me see your limit too!)”

“Wuu!” “Ji!”

“Baby Ginseng, Beast Tamer, let us see where your limits are!” The two thought..