Chapter 134 - A Ginseng Baby With A Dream

Chapter 134: A Ginseng Baby With A Dream

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

At this moment, Shi Yu indeed wanted to copy the skills of the other six pets and teach them to Baby Ginseng.

He couldn’t take all the pets, but couldn’t he take the skills? He was a human-type skill teaching machine!

But soon, his heart trembled.

There was really no other way.

Currently, there were 15 pages of the skill index.

Apart from the worm silk, the skills mastered by Eleven and Worm had already occupied 13 pages!

In other words, there were only two empty pages.

Even if he wanted to replicate the skills, there was no place left!!!

Unless the Beast Taming Space reached level three and he contracted the ginseng baby, which would increase the page count.

However, it might be a few months later when the Beast Taming Space reached level three…

During this period, the value of any skills recorded in these two empty seats was not high.

Life Gift, super level. If he couldn’t teach it, it would be useless at the moment.

Divine Willow… was he going to let Baby Ginseng use the roots of the ginseng to poke the giant dragon? The problem was that this was also a super level skill, so he couldn’t teach it.

The baby ginseng might not necessarily be compatible with Blue Purgatory. Buggy had a chance to learn it, but it was still a super skill.

Then, there was a slightly valuable straw substitution skill. At the moment, it was not very urgent to be using etherealization either.

The only thing he was a little reluctant to do was the “danger sense” skill…

At max level, could he predict the future?

It sounded delicious. What if it could be used to buy lottery tickets?

However, this thing felt like a passive skill. Even if he met the Seven Star Luck Grass, he might not necessarily be able to replicate it…

In other words, even if he could replicate it, he wouldn’t be able to use it in the short term. It would only occupy a slot.

It was far inferior to copying the racial skills brought by the ginseng baby to help him upgrade points, all so that he could recover its physical cost more quickly.

Shi Yu fell into deep thought.

The page number restriction of the skill index didn’t allow him to go all over the place. It only allowed him to calculate carefully.

“At the moment… I’m more interested in baby ginseng and four-leaf clover.”

He could go to Icefield City in the future to look for Auntie Tree of Life with the Life Gift skill. This didn’t matter.

However, time-type skills were a little difficult to think about.

Lu Qingyi was slightly surprised. “These two pets happen to be the easiest to come into contact with.”

Shi Yu: “Huh?”

“The mutated ginseng baby is currently in the ancient capital.”

“And the Seven Star Four Leaf Grass is the school beau of Ancient Capital University. It’s in the garden of Ancient Capital University.”

Shi Yu: “?”

This Seven Star Four Leaf Grass was actually the same as him, within the Ancient Capital University?

Fate.

However, it was a pity that it was about to miss the opportunity to increase its points. It looked like the lucky grass wasn’t that lucky.

It was fine not to choose the fake lucky grass, in case it backfired in the future…

“Seven-star Four Leaf Clover… is it in Ancient Capital University?”

“Yes, but there aren’t many four-leaf clovers cultivated in Ancient Capital University either. They’re usually only used to reward outstanding students.”

“After all, although premonition danger hasn’t been classified into the time department, there’s still a time element. It’s very rare.”

The beast-eared girl said. This kind of life-saving divine pet was what many Beast Tamers pursued.

Shi Yu was stunned. Then there was no hurry.

The Ancient Tree of Life and the Four-Leaf Grass… He would have plenty of time to encounter them in the future. He would think about replicating skills when he had extra space!

“In that case, Senior Sister, let me take a look at Baby Ginseng first.”

“Alright.” Lu Qingyi nodded.

“I think the Baby Ginseng will be very happy to see you.”

“Why?” Shi Yu was curious.

“Grandma Li of Bureau 11 raised these supplementary pet beasts most likely to make soup. If we were to take it, it would be lucky to escape.”

What the heck?!

Was such a rare pet used to make soup???

Shi Yu’s expression darkened. What kind of devil was this senior from Bureau 11?

…

In the end, Shi Yu decided to meet the mutated ginseng baby first.

He and Senior Lu had agreed to visit this senior from Bureau 11 tomorrow.

As for later… there was still business.

Shi Yu rushed back to the venue.

When the ranking assessment ended, Shi Yu received a license.

He was relieved to have his license.

Professional Beast Tamer license!

The dark red booklet symbolized his identity as a professional Beast Tamer. Shi Yu finally obtained it.

Apart from Bureau 11 documents, Shi Yu also had a second useful certificate.

With this, he would have a certain discount when using planes and other transportation in the future.

He would also be qualified to apply for certain danger areas.

In addition, for Beast Tamers with professional licenses, the Beast Tamer Association would also provide some guaranteed funds every month to reduce the pressure on Beast Tamers to train their pets.

Initially, this was what Shi Yu was most concerned about. He planned to rely on this to repay the loan, but from the looks of it, this bit of money was nothing.

The greatest use of the professional Beast Tamer license… No, the greatest use of the whole assessment, for him, was the number of cultivation resources he could obtain after entering the Ancient Capital University.

Shi Yu held his license and opened the certificate. On it was his handsome profile picture.

“They’ve edited this picture before, right?”

Zheng Yingjie looked over and said.

“Indeed.”

“They’ve even taken away my natural and erudite aura.” Shi Yu shook his head.

Who edited this photo? Couldn’t they not photoshop it without permission.

They had to apologize to the fangirls in this country.

When Shi Yu was surfing on the Internet with his cell phone, he realized that he had female fans. From the looks of it, although the Iron-eating Beast Knight’s actions were second-rate, looks were always the first concern.

Senior Panda and Qi Yingjie :”…”

As expected of you, Iron-eating Beast Knight.

“Try to get an intermediate certificate as soon as possible,” the panda senior said to prevent Shi Yu from continuing to be narcissistic.

“Yes, try to quickly upgrade the certificate. This is just the starting point.”

“Alright.” Shi Yu smiled.

Advancing to the intermediate title still required an assessment.

But at that time, the assessment would be relatively simple.

It wouldn’t be as grand as the vocation assessment. Instead, professional Beast Tamers could participate in the assessment at any time.

It required the Beast Tamer’s Beast Taming Space to reach level three.

At the same time, it required the Beast Tamer to have the ability to last five minutes in the hands of a commander-level pet.

Regardless of whether a Beast Tamer contracted one, two, or three pets, or sent out a few pets, as long as they could fight a commander-level creature for five minutes without any external help, it would be considered to have reached the requirement to advance to an intermediate-level Beast Tamer. At that time, the benefits would increase.

This goal was not very far from Shi Yu.

It was relatively easy to cultivate the first three levels of the Beast Taming Space. In addition, he had a pile of Ethereal Stones to support his cultivation. In about a few months, he could level up.

On the same day, the vocation assessment ended.

While the other candidates were being contacted by various factions, Shi Yu, who had already internally decided to enter Ancient Capital University, ran to have a meal with Senior Panda and the others to celebrate.

It had been tough on him for the past ten days.

In order to welcome the next higher difficulty point upgrading, he had to reward himself these two days!

…

At the same time.

Somewhere in Ancient Capital City.

In a ruin space filled with plants.

A ginseng baby was sitting on a branch swing, thinking about ginseng life.

Baby Ginseng looked like a ginseng. There was a ginseng flower on its head. It had crystal clear big eyes, an exquisite mouth, and small hands. It was very cute, about 20 centimeters tall.

All along, Baby Ginsengs had always given people a lively, energetic, honest, and cute image…

But this baby ginseng was always frowning and worried when it swung the swing.

“Yi…” Baby Ginseng looked up.

Thinking back to its miserable life.

It was born in an extremely dangerous and resource-rich forbidden area outside the Dong Huang Nation, a place that belonged to ferocious beasts.

Baby Ginseng itself was a “resource” produced by this treasure land, for other beasts.

Fortunately, after it was born, the ginseng baby was lousy, so it lived on because of its low nutritional value.

High-level ferocious beasts were everywhere. An Awakening-level ginseng baby was not enough to fill the gap between the teeth.

Most ferocious beasts knew to fatten up first before eating, so Awakening-level supplements were generally safe.

This ginseng baby didn’t know whether to be glad that it was too weak or troubled that it was too weak.

After understanding its situation, Baby Ginseng had been living cautiously. However, its luck was really off the charts.

For some reason, it encountered a level-eight spiritual fruit, Life Fruit, that even overlord-level creatures coveted. There were no ferocious beasts guarding it.

The Fruit of Life emitted a rich aroma, and the Baby Ginseng couldn’t help but eat it.

Normally speaking, after this… the Baby Ginseng would definitely die from overeating.

However, its luck exploded again. Under its extremely uncomfortable state, its body mutated. It didn’t know how long it slept. During this process, it completed its evolution.

After it woke up, it could clearly sense that it had become much stronger and had immediately stepped into the transcendent domain.

It was overjoyed, but before long, it encountered an extraordinary-level ferocious beast that stared at it eagerly.

Baby Ginseng’s heart skipped a beat. The joy of becoming stronger was gone. It only felt that it was going to die.

A supplement-type pet had too much energy in such a dangerous place. In fact, it was better to be weaker.

What made Baby Ginseng the most uncomfortable was that although it had become stronger and awakened a few new skills, it still didn’t have any offensive skills.

The Mutated Ginseng Baby still retained the characteristic of a supplement-type plant pet that had almost no combat power. Under such circumstances, it directly cried in the face of the transcendent ferocious beast that was eyeing it covetously.

However, after the mutation, the nourishing effect of the ginseng baby was indeed much more ridiculous.

After being tortured by the transcendent-level ferocious beast, Baby Ginseng directly made a final struggle and used the nourishing “Sweet Aura” skill, then…

The transcendent-level ferocious beast, due to the intense sweetness, fainted. It fell down with a nosebleed, and Baby Ginseng escaped.

In the next few days, when facing low-level ferocious beasts that weren’t that strong, it used this method to escape. There were also a few times when danger surrounded it. The other party had just bitten it and directly fainted from bleeding from all seven apertures, losing the ability to fight.

Baby Ginseng’s profundity: I’ll nourish you to death!

However, this situation didn’t last long before it encountered a monarch-level ferocious beast.

This time, the sweeter Baby Ginseng was, the more excited it was…

Baby Ginseng was helpless..

Then, it was captured by the other party.

However, Baby Ginseng didn’t expect that this ferocious beast was the pet of a human Beast Tamer.

After being caught, the human Beast Tamer directly placed it in the ruins space.

After arriving at this plant ocean that was completely different from the restricted area of the Lost World and was like a paradise, filled with replenishing pets of the same type, Baby Ginseng was stunned.

Then, it cried again.

It felt like he had come to heaven.

This place looked much safer than the outside world.

However, before it could be happy for long, the pile of supplementary pets raised here told it the truth.

This was an old witch’s spare ingredient storage. They had to provide supplements to the old witch every day, or else they would be made into soup.

Baby Ginseng’s heart skipped a beat again.

Then, every time it was grabbed by the old witch to cut and study, it would be so scared that it would be made into soup.

It was too difficult.

Due to the birthplace of the Lost World’s forbidden area, it had seen too many passing monarch-level creatures. Baby Ginseng looked at the other supplementary pets in the ruins space who were peacefully accepting the current situation and felt a sense of melancholy.

Why were they all at ease, they were backup ingredients!

If possible, it didn’t want to be a ginseng baby or a backup ingredient.

It wanted to be a king of ferocious beasts with extremely strong strength that could decide its own fate.. The super fierce kind.

1