Chapter 136 - Baby Ginseng'S Sect Brother Position

Chapter 136: Baby Ginseng’s Sect Brother Position

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Then, Senior Li began to tell Shi Yu about the specialness of the ginseng baby.

< Name > Mutated Ginseng Baby

[Attributes]: Wood

[Race Level]: Low Class Monarch

[Level of Growth]: transcendent

[Skill]: Sweet Aura (Low-level wood-element skill, releasing a refreshing fragrance. The fragrance has the effect of easing fatigue).

Slow Healing (Low-level wood-element skill, can slowly heal one’s injuries)

Earth Chain (Intermediate earth-type skill, self-linking to the ground, using the power of the ground to recover physical strength)

Nutrition (Intermediate wood-element skill, can condense one’s strength into nutrients suitable for absorbing).

Source of Life (transcendent-level wood-element skill, transforming the body into a source of life, can greatly increase the level of life, and accelerate the injuries and physical recovery speed).

This mutated ginseng baby had three more skills than normal ginseng babies.

They were the Earth Chain, nutrients, and source of life…

Ordinary ginseng babies, as extraordinary creatures, only had two skills: Sweet Fragrance and Slow Healing.

Sweetness could only be used on others.

In addition, the sweet aura couldn’t be preserved, and its form was unstable. Every time it was released, too much would be wasted, and the effect was ordinary. Therefore, generally speaking, the breeding base of breeding ginseng babies basically ignored this skill.

On the other hand, some hotels and entertainment venues liked to place some plant pets that could release sweetness.

The best-selling part of the ginseng babies was still the parts cut from their bodies. This could be preserved for a long time and had high nutritional value.

This was how Shi Yu usually ate the roots of the ginseng baby.

Therefore, the Ginseng Baby Breeding Base basically only cultivated their slow healing skills.

This skill was a low-level version of high speed healing. It could slowly heal one’s injuries, but it couldn’t heal others.

Therefore, the cuts slowly healed. The world of Ginseng Babies being hurt came into existence.

As for Earth Chain and Nutrition, they were actually skills that could only be awakened after a baby ginseng evolved.

The former could use the power of the land to recover its physical state. Coupled with slow healing, it could allow the sliced baby ginseng to recover faster.

As for the ginseng baby that had learned nutrition, it meant that it didn’t need to be sliced.

This was because Baby Ginseng could use this skill to directly condense the nutrients with nourishing effects in its body. Moreover, the nourishing effect was better and the preservation time was longer.

As for the source of life, it was the foundation of the power of this mutated ginseng baby.

This was the same as the Gem Cat’s Eye. It was a passive skill to modify the body. Learning this was equivalent to indirectly increasing the level of one’s life.

This ginseng baby could immediately break off its branch and be reborn after being bitten by a transcendent beast in the Lost World’s forbidden zone. It could rely on its own nourishing effect to make the transcendent beast faint. This skill was the most important.

Its sweet aura, slow healing, Earth Chain, nutritional supplements, and other skills were all ridiculously effective under the enhancement of the source of life.

After Shi Yu realized all the skills of this mutated ginseng baby, he almost laughed out loud.

It was too miserable.

There was really no attack skill.

They were all skills born to become supplements.

“Let’s go out,” said Senior Li after a while.

“Alright.” Shi Yu and Lu Qingyi nodded.

At this moment, Baby Ginseng was getting more and more nervous. It listened to the three of them talk about itself, but it couldn’t understand. It could only take the initiative to imagine things in a bad direction…

In short, it had to be obedient… Otherwise, it would be made into soup!

…

In the museum.

Shi Yu put the ginseng baby on his shoulder. He felt that it was much more useful than Eleven.

The bodily fragrance that emitted from time to time made Shi Yu’s condition very good.

In the future, he didn’t have to carry Eleven to sleep anymore. He should carry Baby Ginseng instead.

No, the panda bed didn’t seem to conflict with the ginseng baby.

At this moment, Shi Yu was in a pretty good mood, while Baby Ginseng still had a depressed expression.

It didn’t know if the final outcome of him choosing to follow this human Beast Tamer was good or bad…

“You guys are really compatible…”

Although Lu Qingyi didn’t know what the hell was with the “physique to easily absorb supplements”, seeing Shi Yu interact with such a nutritious pet without being affected, just this point alone was not something that ordinary professional Beast Tamers could do.

“No, no…” Shi Yu smiled.

This was considered a praise, right?

Perhaps, it was like praising his son and father for looking alike, or for a married couple to look alike?

“Heh heh…” Senior Li looked at Shi Yu and Baby Ginseng and smiled.

This way, Shi Yu could freely use his etherealization ability in the future.

Contracting this ginseng baby was a huge guarantee for Shi Yu’s personal safety.

There were very few Beast Tamers who had the talent to listen to the Voice of History. She didn’t want anything to happen to Shi Yu either.

“Then, I’ll leave this ginseng baby in your care,” Senior Li said with a nod.

This ginseng baby was considered rare and special.

Even if a master-level Beast Tamer saw it, their eyes would turn envious.

But she was already past that stage.

Only an overlord species pet could move her heart.

The supplements of low-level monarch races were just soup for her…

She just didn’t know what kind of sparks this special little guy could spark with Shi Yu, a newbie from Bureau 11 in the future.

“Thank you very much. I’ll take good care of it.”

Shi Yu said to Senior Li, “Grandma Li is generous!”

Senior Li smiled. “Alright, I won’t stay long either. It’s time for lunch. Go back.”

…

Soon after, Shi Yu and Lu Qingyi left the museum.

Senior Li rejected the invitation for the three of them to eat together.

“Senior, thank you.”

After coming out of the museum, Shi Yu started to thank Lu Qingyi again.

Lu Qingyi shook her head. “You’re planning to return to Ping Cheng next, right?”

“Yes.” Shi Yu nodded.

“When are you preparing to explore the Ice Dragon Ruins? I’ll go with you,” Lu Qingyi said.

In fact, she had also explored the Ice Dragon Ruins a few times, but she didn’t gain anything.

This time, Shi Yu had obtained the key item. She wanted to take a look with Shi Yu.

“Senior, you’re coming too??”

Shi Yu was stunned. Although he didn’t know Lu Qingyi’s exact strength, it shouldn’t be lower than master level.

“You don’t want me to?” She smiled.

“No, of course you’re welcome,” Shi Yu said.

“I haven’t confirmed the exact time, but I should go take a look soon.”

“Alright, then tell me two days in advance,” Lu Qingyi said.

“Alright.”

Because Senior Li didn’t come, Lu Qingyi didn’t plan to eat lunch either. She said, “In that case, I’ll leave first. You can slowly cultivate your feelings with Baby Ginseng first. Remember to look after your pets. Don’t let them accidentally eat Baby Ginseng.”

Baby Ginseng:???

Although it didn’t know what the two humans were talking about, it felt like it had been shot again.

“No, no, no.”

Shi Yu didn’t know whether to laugh or cry. Eleven and Buggy couldn’t even wait to worship such a nutritious pet like Baby Ginseng.

If they directly ate the ginseng baby. How could the ginseng baby nourish the Beast Tamer’s body so that he could give them the pleasure of upgrading points?

Throughout the entire process, Baby Ginseng listened to the two humans’ weird language blankly from Shi Yu’s shoulder and did not dare to interrupt.

Only when Lu Qingyi also left, leaving only Shi Yu and Baby Ginseng, did Shi Yu speak to it.

“I’ll place you in a ruin space later.”

“That’s the same place you were at before. Your two future companions are also there. They’re also my pets.”

“You go in first. You guys get to know each other. I’ll go in later too.”

“Yi?” Baby Ginseng’s eyes widened.

Companions?

It was more worried about whether it would be bullied.

…

Then, Shi Yu sent Baby Ginseng into the ruins.

As for himself, he started to take a taxi and prepared to return to the research institute.

He and Senior Panda had booked a flight back to Icefield City tomorrow, so they had to stay in the Ancient Capital for another day.

At this moment, in the ruins.

Baby Ginseng directly entered the ruins and appeared beside Eleven and Buggy.

At that moment, Eleven and Buggy had just finished training and were resting.

Eleven was about ten centimeters long, and it was definitely sleeping. Buggy was also sleeping and resting.

However, as Baby Ginseng entered, the two pets immediately opened their eyes.

The three pets immediately stared at each other.

A Historical Meeting.

“Yi?”

At this moment, Baby Ginseng was stunned.

It didn’t expect that Shi Yuzhi’s companions would actually look so weak!

They looked even weaker than the other supplements in the garden.

Look at this little iron-eating beast. It wasn’t even as tall as its shoulder.

Look at this little green worm. Wasn’t its status even lower than supplements?!

Baby Ginseng took a deep breath. Its initial worry disappeared immediately, and it felt that it was safe again.

It originally didn’t have much confidence, but it suddenly felt that becoming Shi Yu’s pet seemed to be pretty good.

Perhaps its position in the team would be very high.

After all, it was a ginseng baby that walked out of a dangerous place like the forbidden zone!

It had to be confident!

It was actually very strong.

Were so many transcendent-level ferocious beasts that were defeated by it fake? No, it happened!

It was indeed different from the others. It still had some talent!

“Wuu!!!” “Ji!!!”

Eleven and Buggy, who saw Baby Ginseng, were also very excited, their eyes shining.

Not bad!

It smelled very nutritious!

The renewable supplement Shi Yu found was really good!

They all greeted Baby Ginseng.

It meant that our future happiness depended on you!

Of course, as Shi Yu had yet to contract with the ginseng baby, it was very difficult for Eleven, Buggy, and the ginseng baby to communicate normally.

This problem also stumped Eleven and Buggy.

However, these three pets were all gesture masters.

With the language barrier, they directly used body language.

A moment later, Eleven and Buggy “understood” Baby Ginseng’s meaning.

“Yiyi, Yiyi, Yiyi!” Baby Ginseng swung its fists and legs, meaning that it would be the boss here in the future.

As long as Eleven and the bugs were obedient, it could reward them with sweet air and nutrients to smell and eat. It was very helpful for their growth.

Look at your little arms and legs. In the forbidden zone, any monarch-level creature that passed by would scare you to death with a little bit of deterrence!

Baby ginseng was clearly knowledgeable.

Coming from a place like the restricted area was also the foundation for it to have such awareness.

However, Eleven and Buggy couldn’t understand, so they didn’t.

They understood it as the supplement telling them it didn’t feel safe with them, and that it hoped to see their strength.

Eleven and Buggy looked at each other to show their understanding and nodded seriously.

This made Baby Ginseng happy. It didn’t expect the situation to change so quickly.

However.

In the next second, under Baby Ginseng’s shocked gaze, the little panda that was originally not even the size of its shoulder became more than ten meters tall. Its monarch aura leaked out as lightning flashed and thunder rumbled all over its body. It threw a punch into the distance.

“Wuu!!!!” Eleven created a super huge pit with a bang, causing the ground to tremble, making Baby Ginseng almost unable to stand steadily. Although the terrifying deterrence didn’t attack Baby Ginseng, it immediately made Baby Ginseng feel the same terrifying aura as those forbidden zone kings!

“Roar!!!!”

On Buggy’s side, it was similarly ridiculous. In the blink of an eye, it turned into a frost dragon that wasn’t inferior to the size of Giant Eleven. It also emitted a terrifying dragon might, and strong snowstorms lingered around it!

The aura was similarly terrifying.

Then, Eleven looked at the tiny baby ginseng with its blue eyes that contained lightning. The giant dragon formed by the worm also lowered its head slightly.

“Wuu!!!” “Hou!!!”

They expressed to the ginseng baby that there was no need to be afraid after joining the team. With them protecting it. it just needed to provide Shi Yu with nutrients at ease.

Baby Ginseng:〒▽〒?!!

At this moment, Baby Ginseng was trembling in fear, and its gaze gradually exploded!!

It immediately understood. It wasn’t the position of the boss in the team at all, but the position of the younger brother in the team. These guys actually knew how to transform.. It couldn’t compete with them!