Chapter 143 - Ice Dragon Daddy, I’M Here

Chapter 143: Ice Dragon Daddy, I’m Here

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Shi Yu and the others stared at the ancient tree from afar.

At this moment, the Frost Ancient Tree suddenly stopped.

After taking root in the ground, its life aura had completely disappeared.

Only the Energy Fruits hanging on its body emitted the aura that attracted the ice-type beasts.

It gave people the feeling that it was a high-level spirit fruit that would be greatly nourishing.

“It stopped?” Commander He Biao was surprised to see this.

“Did it discover us?” President Feng pondered. “I don’t think so.”

This plant-type monarch was actually very silly.

Other than a small number of special plants, plants like frozen ancient trees had poor reconnaissance and mobility.

This was also the reason why the plant kings in the snow mountain were the first to be cleaned up by humans.

They couldn’t even run fast if they were warned to. How useless.

The other monarch-level ferocious beasts did not need to be very powerful when facing the human expeditions. They just needed to run faster than the Frost Ancient Tree.

In fact, the Frost Ancient Tree liked to occupy a territory the most and wait for its prey to come knocking on its door.

Its disguise ability was not bad. At the very least, its current disguise was enough to deceive inexperienced wild beasts.

However, it was still a little young when facing experienced Beast Tamers like Shi Yu.

At this moment, the Frost Ancient Tree did not realize the seriousness of the problem.

The Energy Fruit swayed like an old sly fox who was about to seduce his prey.

“It doesn’t seem very smart,” said Hall Master Lin.

It were still walking just now, but now it was already pretending? Was he insulting their intelligence?

“It’s good that it’s not smart…”

“The core of the Ancient Frost Tree is a sixth-level ice-type resource. It’s worth 10 million…” President Feng said.

Should they just take care of it and reap the benefits?

This new monarch was actually very troublesome.

Those monarchs who had lived for a long time were all afraid of humans. They hid in the deepest part of the snow mountain and didn’t dare to come out.

And this kind of new monarchs that just went through a breakthrough was usually the most likely to run around and was more threatening.

“Then let’s attack together,” Master Lin Hongnian, who was riding the Ironback Dragon Eagle, said.

A battle between monarchs was no small matter. A group fight was the safest method.

“Our pets are both ice-element pets. It has a super. It’s not easy for us to fight,” Commander He Biao said.

“Let’s use deterrence to support Old Lin,” President Feng said.

“Sure.” Lin Hongnian nodded and felt that it would work.

This support was also very necessary. With the continuous deterrence of two monarch-level pets, it could reduce the battle power of the Frost Ancient Tree by 20%.

“Then I’ll leave it to you guys. I’ll protect Shi Yu.”

Lu Qingyi spoke and decided to stay by Shi Yu’s side to protect him.

With the four monarch-level pets of the three masters, it was not a problem for them to gang up and beat up a Frost Ancient Tree. Lu Qingyi could not be bothered to attack.

Most importantly, if she interfered, it would be difficult to split the Frost Core in the end. It was better to let President Feng and the other Beast Tamers of Ping Cheng split it themselves.

“Alright, thank you, Dr. Lu,” Master Lin Hongnian said. With Lu Qingyi protecting Shi Yu, they were also very relieved.

“Uh…” Shi Yu sat on the Ice Dragon Buggy and scratched his cheek.

Did they need to protect him? He had turned etherealization.

Forget it, if these guys said so… Shi Yu moved closer to Lu Qingyi.

…

At this moment, riding on their respective flying pets, the three masters started to summon their monarch-level pets.

President Feng summoned a monarch rank Frost Moon Ice Wolf. This was the Snow Wolf’s high class commander species evolution form.

Commander He summoned a monarch rank snow monster. This was a monster that looked like an ape. Its species was also high class commander rank.

On the other hand, Hall Master Lin summoned the monarch-level Nine Li Battle Beast and the Diamond Ape King.

From the pets, one could tell the strength of Lin Hongnian, the richest man in Ping Cheng.

President Feng and Commander He’s monarch rank pets were both high class commander rank. They relied on accumulation to break through the racial limit to become monarchs.

As for Lin Hongnian’s Diamond Ape King and Nine Li Battle Beast, one was a low-level monarch race, while the other was a mid-level monarch race. They were all very rich.

The difference in battle power between the two parties was actually very obvious.

Generally speaking, battle power was determined by growth level and race level.

It was basically impossible for commander-type pets to have super skills, so Hall Master Lin’s two pets would definitely be stronger.

Shi Yu secretly glanced at Senior Lu.

As the president of an association in a third-level city, President Feng didn’t have any king species pets. Yet, Lu Qingyi could casually find several monarch species pets for him to choose from. She was simply rich!

“Look carefully.” Lu Qingyi looked at the Frost Ancient Tree and said to Shi Yu.

At that moment, under the command of the three Masters, the Frost Moon Ice Wolf, the Blizzard Monster, the Diamond Ape King, and the Nine Li War Beast looked at each other and walked towards the Cold Frost Ancient Tree with proud footsteps.

How could the F4 of Ping Cheng lose to a mere ancient frozen tree!

They didn’t know how to lose, but at this moment, the frozen ancient tree that was rooted in wait for its prey suddenly panicked.

A bean-sized ice crystal dripped from its forehead. The Ancient Frost Tree sensed that something was wrong.

It felt that it had not attracted prey, but a group of big shots.

“Wu!!!!”

A moment later, the Ancient Frost Tree felt that it couldn’t stay silent anymore. It immediately let out a violent roar, and its deterrence erupted!!

Boom!!!

A threatening aura that was almost corporeal erupted from the Ancient Frost Tree like a snowstorm.

“Roar!!!!”

The Ancient Frost Tree erupted with overwhelming deterrence. On the other side, the Ping Cheng F4 didn’t show any weakness either. It displayed an even more classic bullying tactic.

Boom!!

Four similarly earth-shattering auras erupted and pressed down on the Ancient Frost Tree.

At this moment, the five auras collided. The wind and clouds in the sky immediately changed color, and countless falling ice crystals were obliterated into nothingness.

The violent wind was all swept back, and the icy plain shook as if an earthquake and an avalanche were about to happen. The gray sky that was covered in snowstorms looked like it was about to be torn apart, directly splitting into two like a natural chasm.

Swoosh!

In an instant, violent ice wind spread in all directions due to the collision of aura.

“Scree ~”

On Shi Yu’s side, the Green Phoenix directly erected the high-level wind-elemental protective skill, “Wind Protection”, to form a domain that isolated everything, allowing Lu Qingyi and Shi Yu to watch the show quietly.

“Wuu!” “Ji!”

Seeing the aura of the five monarchs colliding, Eleven and Buggy shouted excitedly.

This wave, this was what was really called “bullying others”!

Look at the special effects…

Eleven and Buggy gestured and learned.

“Yi…” Baby Ginseng stuck its head out. So, when could it learn that?

It also wanted to bully others…

“It’s so powerful. This proficiency probably isn’t low…” Shi Yu looked at the scene in front of him and gulped.

Lu Qingyi looked at Shi Yu in confusion.

Shi Yu: “?”

“Why, what’s wrong?”

“The deterrence proficiency of those five monarchs is only at the proficient level.”

She glanced at Shi Yu, Eleven, and Buggy.

These guys should have some self-awareness, alright?

Honestly…

“This is the proficiency level??” Shi Yu was stunned.

Lu Qingyi said, “Their deterrence power is strong and can affect the outside world purely because their own levels are high, and there are many forces colliding.”

“Your Iron-eating Beast is the ridiculous one…”

At the Awakening level, he had mastered the aura of a monarch that could cover a large area and instantly kill hundreds of ferocious beasts…

“Uh…” Shi Yu was stunned. He had thought that the deterrence of these pets had reached the perfect level.

He was thinking too much.

The Perfect Level Deterrence Mark could intimidate everything. It could change the weather with its thoughts. For example, if the sky was raining or snowing, a single glance could make the rain and snow stop. Or, it could make the rain and snow descend and affect the real world’s weather!

Although it wasn’t as effective as true weather skills, it was enough to show the domineering aura of a monarch.

Right now, the deterrence collision of these few monarchs only looked like it, but it wasn’t at that level yet.

In addition, Perfect Level Deterrence also had the effect of causing physical destruction. Not only could it destroy the mind, but it could also destroy the body.

Then, the monarch aura could not only destroy, but also become a buff. It could increase the battle will of its teammates on a large scale.

As for the transcendent Level Deterrence, it was even more powerful. It could wrap the Deterrence effect around other skills and items, allowing any skill to have the Deterrence effect and create mental equipment!

Shi Yu even heard that higher deterrence levels could change the bloodline of pets.

Even if it was an transcendent pet, after mastering super high-level deterrence, its descendants could directly have the potential of a monarch and awaken deterrence when they were young!

In short, this was a very common late game skill, but it was also a super useful skill.

Now, facing the deterrence of the four monarch-level pets, the Ancient Frost Tree’s mentality collapsed.

It wasn’t afraid of any one of these four alone, especially the Frost Moon Ice Wolf and the Blizzard Monster. They didn’t look very strong, but with four coming at once, who could withstand them?

“Wu!”

The Ancient Frost Tree did not last long. It was instantly crushed back, and its battle intent was severely affected.

It had the intention to retreat. The roots turned into legs. As it retreated, a tsunami-like snowstorm condensed!

The snowstorm swept up a large number of energy fruits and blew in the direction of Ping Cheng’s F4.

The Ancient Frost Tree kept throwing energy bombs into the snowstorm, hoping to block the enemy’s path with this.

“Boom!!”

An the Energy Fruit exploded in the snowstorm, the explosive ice power instantly increased the power of the snowstorm by a level.

In an instant, the snowstorm was vast and covered an area of more than a hundred meters. It instantly covered all the environment in front of it. Faced with this high-level skill, Lin Hongnian’s Nine Li Battle Beast walked out.

“Roar!!!”

The giant panda roared and its physique increased exponentially, turning into a height of more than four meters.

Moreover, the appearance of the armed armor instantly changed from a restrained state to a sharp state.

Super skill, inner Power!

Intermediate-level skill, Giant Transformation!

Intermediate-level skill, Cannon Fist!

Boom!!

Two augmentation skills and an attack skill. The Nine Li War Beast threw a punch out of thin air. A dazzling red light erupted from its fist. With the enhancement of the multiplication and Inner Power, the power of the Nine Li War Beast’s cannon punch was increased by an unknown number of times. At this moment, it was like a scorching cannon fire.

At this moment, its armor turned red, and the energy in its body rose steadily. Red energy spewed out and enveloped its entire body!!

A shocking change occurred. Accompanied by the hot wind swept by the Fire Cannon Fist, a red hole instantly appeared in the huge snowstorm that covered more than a hundred meters. It quickly melted and detonated the surrounding snow and fruits!!

Bang!!!

After the shocking explosion, the hot wind was still sweeping towards the Ancient Frost Tree, making the Ancient Frost Tree’s gaze burned to the extreme.

“It’s hard to teach it at the moment… I have to let Eleven evolve quickly.” Shi Yu was too thirsty for this skill.

Under the enhancement of this Inner Power skill, a mere non-metal cannon skill could be enhanced to such a ridiculous degree, let alone other skills.

Master Lin coveted the Super Electromagnetic Cannon, but so did Shi Yu covet a super skill…

At that moment, in order to counterattack, the Ancient Frost Tree immediately activated its super skill, Ice World.

The ice power of the thousand-meter icy plain suddenly formed a huge ice and snow domain with the heaven and earth as the boundary, enveloping the frozen ancient tree!

Boom!

Invisible waves erupted from the Ancient Frost Tree. Time seemed to have stopped in the domain. The hot and huge fist wind was instantly frozen in midair, turning into ice slag!

Skill: Ice World

< Introduction > A domain formed by freezing the land and freezing the sky. It gathers the natural power of thousands of kilometers. The person inside the domain is a king, and he has the absolute right to control the natural power of ice and snow.

When this move was used, together with the Frozen Ancient Tree’s Ice Sealing Skill, the hot wind created by the Nine Li Battle Beast was instantly frozen in midair!

In addition, the thousand-meter icy plain environment became even more harsh. The extreme cold made the Ancient Frost Tree recover its state again. It looked coldly at the Frost Moon Ice Wolves and Blizzard Monsters that were deterring and suppressing it!

“Roar!!!”

In this situation, the power of the Frost Moon Ice Wolf and the Blizzard Monster, which were both ice-element creatures, was severely suppressed. They could only roar from afar and use deterrence support. At this moment, the Nine Li War Beast had already entered the Thunder Armor State. The Diamond Ape King also used the super skill Giant Body. Its muscles multiplied, and it turned into a violent gorilla that charged towards the Frost Ancient Tree.

As expected of the strongest battle power in Ping Cheng.

For example, President Feng and Regiment Commander He had to send all their pets out to cooperate when dealing with a monarch-level ferocious beast alone and use their Beast Taming Talent. But for Lin Hongnian, both trump cards had the ability to fight the Frost Ancient Tree alone.

Boom!

Under the pincer attack of the Nine Li War Beast and the Diamond Ape King, the Ancient Frost Tree immediately summoned a super blizzard to wrap itself in the ice and snow domain. The crazily spinning snowstorm had a powerful protective effect, as if it could freeze and expel everything.

However… it was still useless.

The Nine Li Battle Beast was like a bolt of lightning that relied on its body to withstand the power of the snowstorm. Its Inner Power erupted, and it directly used the Thunder Palm to penetrate the snowstorm and break through an entrance. The Diamond Ape King was even more domineering. After the Nine Li Battle Beast helped to break through the snowstorm, with a roar, it cooperated with the Giant Body and used the high-level metal-element skill, Giant Arm Beat, to swing at the core of the Frost Ancient Tree in hopes of knocking the Cold Core out.

The wind and snow roared, and the ferocious beasts roared. The battle had reached the most critical moment.

Behind it, the Nine Li War Beast and the Diamond Ape King bore the frostbite and launched a crazy combo on the Ancient Frost Tree!

The entire icy plain suffered intense destruction at this moment. If the battle of the kings was in Ping Cheng, a large area would probably turn into ruins.

“The iron-eating beast’s evolution form is indeed impressive,” Lu Qingyi said at the side.

As expected of a race that required hundreds of millions of evolution materials. This strength was worth this investment.

Shi Yu said, “It’s impressive, but it’s just a monarch-level Frost Ancient Tree. It’s a pity, a pity…”

The corners of Shi Yu’s mouth twitched as he looked at the frozen ancient tree that was being beaten up by the Nine Li Battle Beast and the Diamond Ape King.

Why was he so ruthless?

He glanced at President Feng and Commander He, who had ice-element talent enhancement.

Neither of them showed any intention of contracting it.

It seemed that the two of them were relatively traditional Beast Tamers and weren’t willing to take a huge risk to directly contract a wild monarch that had grown up.

“The battle is almost over. Let’s go over too,” Lu Qingyi said.

…

[Confirm recording]

Skill: Energy Fruit

Skill Level: Advanced

< Introduction > It’s a wood-element skill. An energy fruit created with wood-element life force can be filled with various attributes. Within a certain range, the creator can detonate the fruit at any time and cause various effects.

Status: Can be taught

A moment later.

Under the roars of several ferocious beasts, the Ancient Frost Tree fell to the ground.

Everyone immediately surrounded it. The Frost Moon Ice Wolf and the Blizzard Monster also rushed over with drooling.

This plant-type monarch was full of treasures.

It really was nutritious. Why would a wolf drool at a fruit otherwise?

Shi Yu also came over. He casually touched the remains of the dead Frost Tree and glanced at the traumatized baby ginseng.

I’ll teach you when I get back!

Ginseng Baby: Yi…

Baby Ginseng was still immersed in the battle. Humans were too scary.

Such a huge monarch was annihilated just like that.

On the other hand, Eleven and Buggy looked curiously at the Ice Wolves and other pets surrounding the Ancient Frost Tree, eating the broken leaves… Could this thing be eaten?

President Feng and Commander He looked at the dead Frost Ancient Tree and looked at Lin Hongnian with mixed emotions.

“Old Lin, as expected of you.”

Originally, as a relatively backward suburb, master-level Beast Tamers were relatively weak. But now, with Lin Hongnian, Ping Cheng’s overall strength could also be ranked among the top in Icefield City.

“Howl ~” “Roar ~” The Frost Moon Ice Wolf and the Blizzard Monster also greeted Big Brother Nine Li Battle Beast.

As a monarch-level creature, it was so strong!

They were blessed.

Those broken materials were also a rare delicacy for them.

“Wuu!!” The Nine Li Battle Beast expressed that it was all the power of his daughter’s dowry.

“Hehe, you guys take the materials.” Lin Hongnian said to President Feng and Commander He, “I’ll apply the medicine for them first.”

At that moment, the Nine Li Battle Beast and the Diamond Ape King’s bodies were covered in frost injuries. They resisted the snowstorm’s attack, and it was obvious that they had also suffered considerable damage. An injury of this level was not even something that ordinary healing skills could treat.

It was also because they had the physical strength of monarchs that they appeared harmless. If it were any other commander rank creature, its body would have already been completely frozen to death.

Master Lin used the frostbite medicine that he had prepared in advance and started to apply it to the Nine Li War Beast and the Diamond Ape King.

As for Shi Yu, he was considering whether to replicate other skills. In the end, he chose to give up.

Although there were still super skills, he couldn’t teach them at the moment. It was a waste of time to replicate them.

Besides, he didn’t have a pet that specialized in ice.

The worm could only be considered half ice element. It wasn’t worth it to occupy the skill column for an ice element skill.

After all, the Ice Dragon Phantom was just excessive. There was no need to be too obsessed with perfecting it. The upper limit was only the overlord race. Perhaps, after the worm evolved, it would be.

Shi Yu admitted that he was being arrogant.

They didn’t even fancy overlord races anymore.

If he wanted Buggy to invest a lot of energy to cosplay, he would have to invest a lot of energy to perfect it. How could a mere dragon do that? At the very least, he would need a Mythical-level divine dragon.

“Hahaha…”

As he thought about it, Shi Yu could not help but laugh.

This smile immediately attracted a few gazes like they were looking at a fool.

Lu Qingyi stood beside the Frost Ancient Tree with her arms crossed and observed this monarch. The other three masters and pets were actively dissecting the materials. When they saw Shi Yu standing on the spot and smiling, they couldn’t help but cast puzzled gazes.

Shi Yu :”…”

“I’m a little excited to see the Nine Li War Beast so strong.” Shi Yu looked up into the sky.

“Let’s continue on our way.” Lu Qingyi glanced at the time and said. To her, encountering a monarch-level creature was just a small interlude. The most important thing was still the subsequent Ice Dragon Ruins.

“Alright!!” President Feng and the others dissected it more diligently. As for these materials, they would divide them carefully when they returned!

…

An hour later.

The five of them left the snowstorm area.

Perhaps because of the battle just now, even if the Green Phoenix did not release its deterrence during the flight, there was not a single ferocious beast on the road.

This made Buggy very depressed.

After the leader finished fighting, it wanted to fight too.

But it was fine if he didn’t fight… After flying for the whole way, Buggy felt that it was going to die of exhaustion.

Fortunately, it had the ginseng baby and Absolute Sleep to support it. Otherwise, it definitely wouldn’t be able to keep up with the other pets’ speed.

“Ji!!”

Finally out of the snowstorm area, Buggy gasped.

“Sob.” Eleven looked at it in disappointment. What a good training opportunity, and it was actually complaining about being tired.

It still had to improve his thinking and awareness.

Eleven still wanted Shi Yu to ride it and race with these flying pets, but unfortunately, Shi Yu didn’t want to. He felt uncomfortable.

Buggy: QAQ, I was wrong.

“Yi!” Baby Ginseng chuckled.

Outside the snowstorm area, the sky instantly recovered.

The white snow mountain and the blue sky appeared extremely beautiful.

This also meant that they were about to reach the Ice Dragon Ruins.

The Ice Dragon Ruins was located at the top of a snow-capped mountain.

It was a semi-developed ruins area.

It looked like a blockade building made of countless impermeable ice stones.

From time to time, dragon might would be emitted from inside and outside the building. This also resulted in no creatures daring to come into contact with this place other than humans. Even monarch-level creatures were in the same situation.

“This is the place.”

In the sky above the Ice Dragon Ruins, with Lu Qingyi as the lead, everyone slowly descended outside the ice stone building complex.

In the past, many researchers and archaeologists had come here to study. Unfortunately, the huge building complex didn’t reveal any useful information.

The entire ruin looked like an ordinary building without any secrets.

However, the dragon might that leaked out from time to time told everyone that everything was not that simple.

“This is only the surface. The real Ice Dragon Ruins is an independent ruin space inside the hidden surface.”

“But up until now, no one has been able to find a way to open the ruins space.” After landing, Lu Qingyi looked at the entire building complex and said.

“Little Brother Shi Yu, what do you plan to do?” He Biao looked at Shi Yu, who had come down from Ice Dragon.

Master Lin Hongnian and President Feng also wanted to see what plans the genius archaeologist, Shi Yu, who had cracked that trial-type ruin, had.

At this moment, after arriving at the Ice Dragon Ruins, Shi Yu fell into deep thought.

“This is a tool I obtained from the ruins of the trial.” Shi Yu took out the Ice Dragon’s whisker and threw it to the ice dragon formed by the worm.

Then, he said to it, “Try it first. Take this and call ‘Ice Dragon Daddy, I’m here. Mommy misses you!”

Lu Qingyi: “?”

The Masters: “?”

Buggy:??

Was this how you do archaeology?

“In the face of this ruin without any hints, I can only take an unusual path…”

Shi Yu was serious. The change in the iron-eating beast ruins had opened a frivolous path for him.

Shi Yu looked at Buggy. At this moment, Buggy was stunned as it held the whiskers of the ice dragon and roared according to Shi Yu’s instructions.

“Roar!!! (Ice Dragon Daddy, I’m here. Mommy misses you!!)”

Moreover, it released the Ice Dragon Might to verify his identity.

Boom!

Suddenly, the buildings of the Ice Dragon Ruins that had not changed for thousands of years trembled slightly…

In the Ice Dragon Ruins space, the frost dragon on the seal slowly opened its eyes. It sensed the bloodline connection and revealed a blank expression.

It was a female. Where did this fellow child come from? It must have ben mistaken… However, what was with this bloodline connection?!