Chapter 142 - Baby Ginseng'S Attack Skill

Chapter 142: Baby Ginseng’s Attack Skill

“Monarch-level ferocious beast?!”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

After Commander Wang Meng finished speaking, President Feng and Hall Master Lin were stunned.

Damn.

There were only about a dozen monarch-level ferocious beasts in the entire Ice Dragon Snow Mountain. Was it such a coincidence?

However, President Feng and Hall Master Lin weren’t afraid.

“It’s alright, it’s just a monarch-level. It’s fine if we didn’t encounter it, but if we did…”

President Feng chuckled.

He had a monarch-level battle power, Deputy Commander He Biao had a monarch-level battle power, Lin Hongnian had two monarch-level battle powers, and Dr. Lu Qingyi, whose strength was similarly powerful… This monarch-level ferocious beast would also be sending itself to death if it came.

At that time, all the high-level materials in its body would be completely stripped.

Apart from Shi Yu holding them back and needing to be protected. Anyone in this team wasn’t afraid of monarch-level ferocious beasts.

“What race?”

Shi Yu asked curiously.

He wasn’t worried about the threat of a monarch-level ferocious beast at all. Did that beast think that all his bodyguards were hired for nothing?

He didn’t care about the threat of this level of ferocious beast. Instead, he cared about the race of this level of ferocious beast.

It was purely an occupational disease.

What if the other party had some rare skill?

Generally speaking, at the monarch level, there were at least ten accompanying skills on it. It was guaranteed that it would have one super skill and one high-level skill!

If there were really rare skills, Shi Yu might even look forward to an encounter.

“I’m not sure.”

“The exploration team retreated immediately after sensing the monarch-level deterrence from afar.”

“However, through a rough investigation, it’s suspected to be a plant-type creature,” Commander Wang Meng said.

Shi Yu: “?”

“Plants?”

Holy shit.

Shi Yu’s eyes lit up.

Plants, really?

Generally speaking, although plant-type pets might not necessarily have wood power, apart from a few exceptions, 95% of them still had wood power. Moreover, even if they weren’t their default element, most of them would have secondary wood power skills!

Shi Yu’s heart immediately stirred as he looked at Baby Ginseng.

Baby Ginseng: 0.0

He wondered if there were any skills suitable for baby ginseng…

“Plant type?” President Feng said, “It should be a new monarch.”

Ten years ago, after the beast tide, Icefield City was the first to react.

After reacting, Icefield City, along with the master-level Beast Tamers from the surrounding second-level cities, directly formed a team and tackled the Ice Dragon Snow Mountain, initiating a counterattack.

That half a year-long expedition directly killed most of the Snow Mountain Monarchs.

Of course, the snow mountain was too big after all, and the environment was not suitable for human Beast Tamers to stay for long. Facing some ferocious beasts that were good at hiding in the snow, human Beast Tamers didn’t have the energy to fight guerrilla battles with them at all, so there were a bunch of fish that escaped the net.

If President Feng didn’t remember wrongly, these remaining monarchs didn’t include plant monarchs.

Therefore, it was very likely that this was a new monarch-level ferocious beast that had broken through recently.

“That’s a possibility,” Commander Wang Meng said.

“Let’s look for it on the way. It doesn’t matter if it’s a monarch or not. It’s mainly to help Ping Cheng eliminate a potential danger,” Shi Yu said.

President Feng, Commander He, and Hall Master Lin:???

They looked at the blushing and rather excited Shi Yu and cursed in their hearts. Are all young people so crazy?

They were there to explore the Ice Dragon Ruins, not to clear the ferocious beasts in the snow mountain.

It would have been fine if only Shi Yu was like this… But when the four masters saw this, the panda and bug on Shi Yu’s left and right shoulders also had curious expressions about this monarch level monster…

Monarch-level didn’t mean a monarch-level race.

One represented the growth realm, and the other represented the potential level. It was the difference between a complete adult and a growing child.

Eleven and Buggy had never seen a monarch-level battle with their own eyes.

“Yi…” Perhaps only Shi Yu’s baby ginseng had a bitter look on its face. It had some idea in its heart and understood how terrifying monarch-level ferocious beasts were.

Although it had a battle dream and felt that Shi Yu, Eleven, and Buggy were very friendly, Baby Ginseng kept feeling that the three of them would cause fatal trouble sooner or later…

Before the few masters could educate Shi Yu on what a Beast Tamer should do in the wild, a black spot suddenly appeared in the sky.

Accompanied by a light cry.

Their gazes were attracted by the black dot in the sky. A moment later, a breeze lingered around, and an elegant and beautiful green Phoenix flapped its wings and landed.

On its body was a beautiful woman wearing a special battle-type research suit.

“Dr. Lu!” The four masters greeted him when they saw him.

Not only because of Lu Qingyi’s status in the archeological world, but also because of her strength.

During her university days, Lu Qingyi had already reached the master level. Unlike Beast Tamers like them, whose potential had almost been exhausted, she had a chance of becoming a legend in the future.

“Hello, everyone.” Lu Qingyi looked at everyone and nodded.

“When do we leave?” she asked immediately.

The few of them looked at each other. Everyone was here, they could set off at any time!

“Then, everyone, please be careful!” Commander Wang Meng said to everyone. Since it was his duty, he could only continue to guard here. He couldn’t go with everyone.

“Old Wang, stay here and wait for our good news.” He Biao laughed.

After saying that…

President Feng, Master Lin, and Commander He summoned their flying pets.

President Feng and Commander He’s pets were both ice-element Ice Feather Birds. They were huge birds with wings like ice crystals.

[Name]: Ice Feather Bird

[Race Level]: Low-level Commander

[Level of Growth]: Commander Level

As for Master Lin, because he had a metal-element strengthening talent, his flying pet was an Ironback Dragon Eagle with weak dragon blood.

< Name > Ironback Dragon Eagle

[Race Level]: Mid-level commander

[Level of Growth]: Commander Level

Not only were the three flying pets commander races, their growth levels had also reached commander rank.

Only Lu Qingyi and Shi Yu were out of place.

[Name]: Green Spirit Wind Bird

[Race Level]: Low Class Monarch

[Level of Growth]: Monarch Level

Lu Qingyi was too strong. Not only was her Green Phoenix a monarch species, but its growth level had also reached the monarch level and it even possessed the Phoenix Bloodline. At this moment, just standing there, it made the other three flying pets feel the suppression from that bloodline.

As for Shi Yu, although he wasn’t strong, he couldn’t lose face. After nodding, snow lingered around him. Buggy closed its eyes and directly transformed into a frost dragon that was large enough to carry humans.

“Roar!!!” Snow and wind appeared around the three-meter-long Ice Dragon. Under its roar, the Masters were a little speechless.

Damn it.

Everyone looked at Shi Yu, who was riding the giant dragon with an expressionless face. He managed to act cool again.

Phantom Illusion was an amazing skill.

Using the weakest strength, he showed off its strongest moves.

Of course, there was a price to pay for acting cool. The other masters’ pets did not consume much physical strength to carry people, and their flying speed was still fast, but for Shi Yu… he could only let the Green Silkworm exhaust itself a little.

No, it was the Green Silkworm and Ginseng Baby who would be feeling tired later…

“Let’s go,” Lu Qingyi said. “Before we reach the Blizzard Domain, let’s accelerate.”

“Alright.” The masters nodded.

To go to the Ice Dragon Ruins, they would pass by a snowstorm area. The natural environment in that sky was harsh. Flying pets could not fly high and could only travel at a low altitude.

But before that, the few of them could completely rely on their flying pets to travel quickly.

The wind cut through the air.

The five of them rode on the flying pets. Under the gaze of Commander Wang Meng and the soldiers on duty who didn’t understand what was going on, they widened their eyes and swallowed their saliva. Then, they suddenly erupted with high speed and flew towards the interior of the Ice Dragon Snow Mountain.

A group of flying pets looked domineering.

“Chirp ~!!!”

During this process, Lu Qingyi’s Azure Spirit Wind Bird directly erupted with a monarch aura, which was also an expert-level deterrence, protecting everyone and preventing some blind flying ferocious beasts or ferocious beasts below from suddenly attacking.

Hoi

In an instant, Shi Yu and the others entered the snow mountain range.

As they went deeper, the cold wind gradually pierced into their bones.

However, Shi Yu felt that it was alright. With the protection of the cold-proof suit, Eleven’s face hardened into thick skin. Did it just want to show off?

Soon, Shi Yu and the others flew to the so-called Blizzard Domain and were forced to stop.

This place was already considered to be deep into the snow mountain. The sky in front was gray. Fierce ice crystals accompanied by a storm circled in the sky, as if separating the sky from the ground and splitting the sky into pieces.

Legend had it that this harsh natural environment was caused by the war between the human tribes of Ice Dragon in Icefield City.

This was a change in the world that only occurred in the battle between overlords.

An Awakening-level creature belonged to the growth stage. Its energy was loose like smoke, and its unique point was that it had many growth stages.

Transcendent-level creatures had already broken free from their mortal bodies. Their energy was as dense as water, and their skills could already cause greater destruction.

A commander level creature’s energy was flawless like crystal. It had the ability to create energy crystals, and with this, it was a powerful race.

Monarch level creatures, on the other hand, had their spirit and will materialize into aura. 100% of them had awakened their deterrence and could intimidate others. Top-level monarch-level creatures could even affect the real world with their mood.

As for overlord-level creatures, they had just come into contact with natural power. The aftershocks of their battles could almost permanently change the natural environment of an area.

Some historians judged that the entire ice and snow environment in Icefield City might have been caused by the Little Ice Age triggered by the frost dragons. The snow mountains of the ice dragons with harsh natural environments were most likely affected by the battle of the ice dragons.

Everyone was a master-level Beast Tamer and didn’t have the ability to resist the power of nature. After arriving in this area, they landed obediently. Compared to the sky, although the environment of the icy plain below was also harsh, the intensity of the snowstorm was countless times weaker. It was relatively easy to overcome.

“Next, we have to fly for at least an hour to leave the snowstorm area.”

“How do you feel?”

After coming down, Lu Qingyi looked at Shi Yu.

Even if he was wearing a level-five cold-proof suit, with Shi Yu’s professional physique, it would definitely be a little difficult.

“The air is so fresh.” Shi Yu sighed. The cold air felt so good.

On Earth, Shi Yu preferred winter over summer.

Everyone: “?”

“Hahahaha, good boy, your health is pretty good,” Commander He Biao laughed.

“Looks weak, but he’s actually not?” Master Lin and President Feng said to themselves. They revealed envious looks. It was good to be young, unlike them, who were old…

“…Let’s continue on our way,” Lu Qingyi said.

Just because they landed didn’t mean that they couldn’t fly anymore, but simply because they chose to fly at a low altitude.

If it were other low-level Beast Tamers, the downside of flying at a low altitude was that they were more likely to encounter ferocious beasts.

However, Shi Yu’s team had a monarch-level pet to deter them as they traveled. On the way, they basically didn’t encounter any dumb ferocious beasts.

After all, those who felt threatened and didn’t run were either strong or stupid.

At this moment, as they flew, Eleven looked at Lu Qingyi aggrievedly.

Its gaze was like that of a resentful little wife, making Lu Qingyi shiver all over.

Even the bug with its eyes closed made the Ice Dragon Phantom look at Lu Qingyi with resentment…

“What’s wrong with your two pets? Why are they staring at me?” Lu Qingyi’s face was speechless.

What kind of gaze was that?

“Uh,” Lu Qingyi said. The other masters immediately realized that Eleven, who was on Shi Yu’s shoulder, was looking at Lu Qingyi pitifully, as if Lu Qingyi had snatched its bamboo shoots.

“Cough.”

Shi Yu said, “Because Eleven and Buggy have been looking forward to exploring the snow mountain for a long time. They still want to encounter a few commander-level ferocious beasts and have a good fight… Now, because of the deterrence… Not to mention commander-level creatures, they can’t even see any creatures.”

“Sob!” Eleven nodded. This exploration was so lonely.

The Green Phoenix :”…”

Then I’ll leave?

“But this is pretty good, pretty good,” Shi Yu said.

Business was more important! They could fight anytime!

“Good lord.”

The few masters exclaimed and looked at Eleven. This Iron-eating Beast was indeed abnormal.

It was one thing not to feel sleepy in such a cold place, but it actually wanted to fight? Moreover, it wanted to fight a commander-level ferocious beast?

Even if it was field training, it didn’t have this kind of training method… This young Iron-eating Beast hadn’t experienced the brutal beating in the wild, right?!

“It’s not impossible.” Lu Qingyi glanced at Eleven and said slowly.

It was rare for so many master-level Beast Tamers to accompany Shi Yu. It was also a good choice to take this opportunity to train Shi Yu.

After all, such an opportunity was too rare.

As soon as she finished speaking, the phoenix quickly put away its might.

“Wu!!” Eleven looked at Lu Qingyi excitedly. Good woman! I acknowledge you!

Hall Master Lin, President Feng, Commander He, and the other masters also smiled.

They did whatever they wanted.

Indeed, without the deterrence of the phoenix, the five people immediately discovered a pile of ferocious beasts in this harsh environment’s icy plain.

“Aowu ~ ~ ~ ~”

“Aowu ~ ~ ~ ~”

As they approached the edge of the mountain, a voice that made one’s heart tremble sounded. Accompanied by wolf howls, a group of giant wolves stood on the icy plain, staring at Shi Yu and the others with blue eyes. They even bared their fangs and emitted a cold aura.

There were a total of 20 to 30 snow wolves.

In the lead was an even larger wolf king nearly four meters long. Its expression was even more ferocious.

A commander rank snow wolf and dozens of transcendent rank snow wolves. This was a pack of snow wolves foraging!

In the past, this group of snow wolves would have long charged forward when they saw their prey.

But now, staring at the group in front of them, the snow wolves didn’t have the urge to hunt. They only had the thought of quickly avoiding them.

It couldn’t be helped. Even without deterrence, the combination of the Green Phoenix, Ice Feather Bird, and Ironback Dragon Eagle also gave them too much pressure.

Besides, there was also a frost dragon that looked like it wasn’t to be trifled with… Many snow wolves looked at Shi Yu and the ice dragon worm with fear.

At the moment, the snow wolf leader did not give the order to retreat immediately because of his ego.

“They’re here.” Upon discovering the wolf pack, the masters looked at Shi Yu.

It was his turn to perform before they ran.

None of the masters believed that the transcendent-level snow wolf could pose a threat to Eleven. After all, Shi Yu had killed indiscriminately in the survival trial.

But the problem was that commander rank snow wolf.

A ferocious beast that could break through the limits of its race and become the leader of a race in a natural environment was definitely not simple. It had definitely experienced countless life and death situations and had huge opportunities to obtain its current strength.

“You guys have probably never fought a commander-level ferocious beast, right?”

Master Lin Hongnian said, “Commander-level snow wolf… In theory, its energy level is more than four times that of your Iron-eating Beast.”

Master Lin used the energy value during the assessment as the standard.

With such a huge energy difference, even if the proficiency of Eleven’s skills was ridiculously high, it wasn’t that easy to fight.

At that time, with Eleven’s Lightning Armor profundity, the Snow Wolf Leader might be able to slap back with an Ice Rending Claw.

“Don’t be afraid. Go. See how powerful a commander-level ferocious beast is.”

He Biao said, “With us here, don’t worry and let the iron-eating beast go.”

“Alright.”

Shi Yu nodded. In the next moment, Eleven jumped down excitedly. Then, it kept enlarging and became more than a meter tall as it walked towards the snow wolves.

“Wuu!! (I’m here!)” Eleven stepped forward.

“Roar!!!! ~!” With the lead of the snow wolves, the snow wolves bared their teeth and growled, warning this seemingly weak little metal-eating beast.

They clearly didn’t want to fight directly.

“These snow wolves… don’t seem to have much battle intent,” President Feng said with a chuckle.

“Mm.” Lu Qingyi activated her glasses index silently. A dense pile of numbers appeared in front of her glasses and started to observe the situation of that snow wolf commander.

1… 33… 2… 9…

Energy Points… 13329!

It had an additional 10,000 energy points than the Little Iron Eating Beast!

Lu Qingyi was curious about how far Shi Yu’s Iron-eating Beast could fight with its skill proficiency in the face of such a huge difference. She originally thought so, but in the next second, Lu Qingyi’s expression changed.

That was because she had also accidentally detected Eleven’s energy level.

The numbers on it made her doubt life.

It wasn’t the 3,000+points during the vocation assessment.

Instead, it was displayed at this moment, “7596”!

How was that possible!

Lu Qingyi’s expression was incredulous, and she even suspected that the index was broken.

However, the other snow wolves had less than a thousand energy points, so it was very normal for them to remind Lu Qingyi that the index wasn’t broken.

She took a deep breath and quickly looked at the Green silkworm. Its energy level was 3045…

It was similarly ridiculous!!

“…” What exactly had Shi Yu experienced these ten days…

At this moment, Lu Qingyi’s expression had already changed slightly. The other three Masters were still laughing and joking, planning to see Shi Yu, this newly advanced genius Beast Tamer, suffer a loss. The gap between transcendent and commander rank… was still very huge.

So big…

Everyone was stunned. They saw that the snow wolf had no intention of fighting. Eleven simply stopped and stretched out its short and fat arm, aiming its palm at the snow wolf commander.

Eh?

What was this?

The few of them knew Shi Yu’s Iron-eating Beast’s battle style. Among them, there was no opening move to aim your palm at the enemy!

“Wuu!” At this moment, Eleven’s super vision had already locked onto the snow wolf commander perfectly.

Buzz!

The next moment, its entire arm hardened into metal.

Crack!

Right on the heels of that, a strong electric arc appeared on Eleven’s hardened arm and wrapped around it, producing a violent sound and shooting out dazzling electric light!

The black hardening substance and the blue lightning intertwined, making Eleven’s entire arm look extremely beautiful.

“Old Lin, what are they doing?”

President Feng and Commander He asked Lin Hongnian, the Iron-eating Beast Master.

Lin Hongnian: “The combination of Hardening and Thunder Palm… But, I don’t know this starting posture.”

Under normal circumstances, shouldn’t it harden the whole body and then use the Thunder Palm to stimulate the cell activity in the whole body to bring about a super explosive speed, piercing through the enemy in one hit?

What do you mean by standing here and pointing your palm at the enemy?

Master Lin Hongnian was confused.

The next moment, the three masters were stunned again.

As Eleven’s entire arm shone, a black ball wrapped in strong blue lightning suddenly condensed in its palm!

Transcendent Hardening, Release of Hardened Material!

However, the three of them still didn’t understand what Shi Yu and Eleven wanted to do.

“…What’s this???”

In the next second, Lin Hongnian’s expression suddenly changed. That was because the black ball wrapped in lightning actually started to spin irregularly at an extremely fast speed. The lightning lingered around, as if it had formed a small lightning typhoon, emitting strong hissing sounds!

Lin Hongnian was stunned. After releasing the hardened substance, it could still spin like a windmill?

Boom!!

Then, a scene that made the three Masters widen their eyes and reveal shocked expressions appeared. As Little Eleven’s gaze focused, the ball that was wrapped in lightning and rotating crazily turned into a blazing blue light beam with a bang. It shot out suddenly. The speed of the light beam was extremely fast, and its destructive power was extreme. Its sound of breaking through the air was like the roar of thunder, shocking everyone.

On the other hand, although the Snow Wolf Commander was completely focused the entire time, when the blue light beam blasted over, it only felt that its vision couldn’t keep up with the speed of this attack at all. Its body trembled to the extreme!

“Wuu!!!!!”

When it reacted, it felt as if its entire body was about to be penetrated and ripped apart. Accompanied by a wave of intense pain, the Snow Wolf commander let out an intense and miserable howl!!

Right on the heels of that, it was sent flying more than ten meters away by the light beam it came into contact with. It directly hit the middle of the mountain and instantly shattered the mountain!

At that instant, the entire wolf pack looked at the commander who flew backward and was shocked in their hearts. Their ferocious expressions turned to explosive as they fled like birds startled by the twang of a bow. In the mountain, the heavily injured Snow Wolf commander sensed the huge injuries on his body and ignored the fact that the injuries were still bleeding. Its heart was filled with extreme horror as it directly sealed the injuries. It also turned around and ran with its pack in a panic!

Damn, a monster.

“Aowu!!!!”

In an instant, the wolf pack disappeared without a trace, leaving Eleven, who was staring at his palm in a daze and feeling confident.

And a few master-level Beast Tamers with their mouths wide open and blank expressions.

“It ran away just like that?” On the Ice Dragon, Shi Yu muttered to himself. Why couldn’t it fight back?

This was commander rank?

Or was the snow wolf race too weak?

Perhaps a pet like the Zonyan Rock Beast would only have reference value after it reached the commander rank.

“Um…” Shi Yu looked at everyone.

Everyone, including Lu Qingyi, looked at him as if they had seen a ghost.

Shi Yu felt a little embarrassed again.

“Although this snow wolf’s growth level is pretty high, its race is too weak. We have to find someone average…” he suggested.

“Holy shit.” Commander He widened his eyes.

President Feng was at a loss for words.

Lin Hongnian: Aba Aba Aba Aba…

Hall Master Lin’s expression was stunned. This, what the f*ck was this!!!

You Iron-eating Beast! Something was wrong!!

During the vocation assessment, it was already very unscientific. Now, what is this? Tell them, what was this?

Why did the hardened substance turn and fly out with a whoosh, producing such a huge destructive force?

Do tell! Do tell!!

Hall Master Lin: w(゚Д゚)w

“The increase in strength of your pet…” Lu Qingyi took a deep breath and looked at Shi Yu.

Wasn’t it a little ridiculous?

Could it be that this Iron-eating Beast had also obtained some divine level bloodline, just like her pet?

“What’s this?!!!” Even if Hall Master Lin was a very serious person, at this moment, he couldn’t help but cry out loud. Why did he feel that his Nine Li War Beast wasn’t as cool as his Little Iron Eating Beast…

Shi Yu: “The profundity skill of Hardening and Thunder Palm, Electromagnetic Cannon… Uh, I think there’s a skill in the Mechanic class called Electromagnetic Cannon. I can change the profundity name later.”

It was time for the difficult naming segment again… It was not easy to name stuff. Shi Yu sighed.

Hardening and Thunder Palm profundities?

Hall Master Lin was stunned. You call this a combination of low-level skills and mid-level skills?

Commander He and President Feng didn’t understand either. They hadn’t seen Hall Master Lin’s Iron-eating Beast have such a ridiculous profundity skill before!

“Wait a minute.” Lu Qingyi suddenly interrupted everyone and looked into the distance with the Green Phoenix.

“It seems like a heavyweight was attracted over because of the commotion…”

“Monarch-level creature…”

Holy shit.

As soon as Lu Qingyi finished speaking, the masters were shocked. Before they set off, Commander Wang Meng had just reminded them… They had really encountered it??

The few of them instantly became serious and entered battle mode.

Beside him, Shi Yu’s expression also lit up. “A monarch-level creature really appeared? I like it!”

Everyone: “?”

“Holy shit, don’t tell me you want to practice this?” Commander He shouted.

This boy… Something was wrong!

Commander He was very afraid that Shi Yu’s Green silkworm could directly instakill this monarch-level ferocious beast with some worm silk later. At that time, he was sure that he would definitely find an ice brick to kill himself and leave Planet Blue.

Shi Yu was stunned and said, “No, no… I definitely can’t defeat this. Please, I just like to observe monarch-level creatures. I heard that they are covered in high-level materials. I also like (to touch) them…”

Everyone :”…”

Little money-grubber!

However, it was true that monarchs were covered in treasures…

After killing a monarch-level creature, it would be enough to directly become a millionaire.

This was also why high-level Beast Tamers were all very rich.

Although the cost of cultivating pets was huge, their ability to earn money was also difficult to catch up to in other professions.

Of course, all benefits coexisted with risks.

Sometimes, it was hard to say who was the hunted one.

“Let’s go take a look.”

Sensing the fluctuations of a monarch-level ferocious beast, Lu Qingyi said.

The few pets she had contracted at the moment were all at the monarch level. Naturally, she wasn’t afraid of such wild monarchs.

Unless the Ice Dragon in history books revived. That one would give her a headache.

After nodding at each other, they flew low and headed in the direction Lu Qingyi pointed.

At this moment, in the snowstorm, there was a creature about four to five meters tall. It looked like a pine tree, but its body was as white as frost. The tree crown was fluffy like a blue ice cloud, and the creature with fruits growing on it was walking with a branch.

In mid-air, everyone saw this creature from afar.

[Name]: Ancient Frost Tree

[Attributes]: Ice

[Race Level]: Low Class Monarch

[Level of Growth]: Monarch Level

[Race Skill]: Cold Breath, Blizzard, Snowfall, Ice Block, Ice Mist, Snow Collapse, Energy Fruit, Snowfield

“It’s the Ancient Frost Tree… Son of a b*tch.”

Upon seeing this plant monarch, Shi Yu’s heart turned cold.

This was because this thing was the evolution form of the Frost Tree. Its attributes were ice-element. Although it was a plant, it didn’t have wood-element!

Its super skills were also ice-element. Although it was also very powerful, it was useless against Shi Yu.

“The Ancient Frost Tree… is indeed a new monarch. Looks like it evolved from the Frost Tree for some special reason,” President Feng said.

“Well, it only has more fruits and walking abilities than the Frost Tree. It’s usually really difficult to recognize,” Lin Hongnian said.

Shi Yu had originally started to sigh and feel that his luck was bad, but suddenly, he also saw the blue fruit hanging in the Ice Clouds of the Ancient Frost Tree and recalled something.

“By the way, is that fruit a wood-element skill?” Shi Yu asked.

He admitted that his foundation wasn’t strong enough and needed Division 11’s index to save him.

“Yes, a high-level wood-element skill, Energy Fruit,” Lu Qingyi said.

“I remember that this skill should theoretically be considered multi-element. But it’s mainly wood-element,” Commander He Biao said.

“Yes, in essence, it’s to create a fruit with wood-element life force, but the inside of the fruit can be filled with different energy types. The upper limit is very high, and compared to a fruit, it’s more like a bomb!”

“The Ancient Frost Tree likes to make its prey think that this kind of fruit is an edible spiritual fruit. When the prey eats the fruit, the fruit will detonate in their bodies and freeze the prey. At that time, the Ancient Frost Tree will become a hunter,” Lu Qingyi introduced.

It was another plant that relied on its body to lure its prey…

At this moment, Shi Yu narrowed his eyes slightly as he listened to everyone’s conversation.

He thought about whether this skill was suitable for his Ginseng Baby.

It sounded very similar to nutritional skills, but nutrition was used to create real spiritual fruits, while this energy fruit was used to create explosive fruits… It could also be said to be a time bomb…

The Ancient Frost Tree could use this to lure the enemy. In theory, the ginseng baby seemed to be suitable for this too?

At that time, directly combining nutrients, energy fruits, and sweet aura into a skill would definitely be more attractive than the energy fruits directly created by the Ancient Frost Tree. Even if a monarch-level ferocious beast saw it, it would probably not be able to resist swallowing it directly… It was even more impossible for it to imagine that the nutrients created by the Ginseng Baby could still explode.

Before learning how to control plants and land in the tree world, it was a very good overkill and camouflage skill… Even after learning how to control plants, creating a forest filled with explosive fruits seemed to be very fierce. It was very suitable for baby ginseng’s attack skill.

Art was explosive!

“I want this skill..”