Chapter 147 - It’S My Turn To Cheat

Chapter 147: It’s My Turn to Cheat

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Shi Yu held the cell phone index and fell into deep thought.

He had specially asked for a non-machinery life form to avoid some unnecessary trouble.

However, he had forgotten that even ordinary cell phones might have artificial intelligence and virtual assistant programs!

The problem was, why wasn’t it pre-named already?

“What does 1111 mean?”

Shi Yu’s expression darkened.

“Must it be named…”

“Then I’ll call you ‘index’.” Shi Yu dug his ears and said perfunctorily, “In the future, I’ll rely on you for information that I don’t know.”

After inputting the opening password, Shi Yu named the virtual assistant.

[Name successful.]

[Archeological 1111 intelligent index [index] is at your service.]

Shi Yu smiled. This virtual female voice was pretty nice.

Index girl.

Without thinking too much, he searched for Eleven, Worm, and Ginseng Baby.

These three…

Shi Yu was silent. The three of them were grimacing as they looked at the Ice Dragon Whisker he had put away.

“Wuu!!!”

“Ji!!”

Eleven and Buggy widened their eyes and sweated as they came into contact with the deterrence of the Ice Dragon Whiskers.

They used the pressure of the dragon’s might to train.

“Yi!”

Baby Ginseng wanted to try, but it didn’t dare to.

Shi Yu came to their side and looked at them speechlessly.

“Catalog, test energy value.”

Shi Yu had already put on the invisible lens. As he gave the order, some numbers immediately appeared in front of his eyes.

Floating on Eleven was “7596”.

Floating on Buggy was 3046.

Floating on top of Baby Ginseng was 7408.

“Buggy,,,” Shi Yu muttered to himself.

It wasn’t even half as high as Eleven and Baby Ginseng.

No wonder it was panting while flying. It was short and weak.

“Ji?” Buggy turned around with an expression of ‘I’m very sorry for being a worm’.

It was just a green worm, why was Shi Yu making things so difficult for it?

“Alright, we can see your specific energy points now.” Shi Yu smiled and said to the three pets,

“Eleven, you’re 7596. Highest. Baby Ginseng, you’re 7408. Buggy, you’re 3046, currently at the bottom.”

Eleven and Baby Ginseng also turned around.

“Wuu!” Eleven acted as if it was only natural.

“Yi!” Baby Ginseng was surprised that it was so much taller than Buggy.

But soon, its face fell.

With high energy levels, what was the point of not having offensive skills?

“Yi…” Baby Ginseng looked at Shi Yu with anticipation.

Teach it deterrence first!

“It’s not impossible,” Shi Yu said. “There’s no hurry. I’ll teach another one first.”

“ヽ(✿゚▽゚)ノ”

Really?

“Eleven, Buggy, play by yourselves.”

“I’ll go modify the ginseng baby. I’ll let it fight with you guys later.”

On this trip to the snow mountain, Shi Yu copied two skills.

One was an Energy Fruit, the other was Heavenly Frost Cold Energy.

Among them, the Energy Fruit was the attack skill that had to be taught to the baby ginseng.

As Eleven and Buggy looked at each other, Shi Yu pulled Baby Ginseng away.

A moment later.

Baby Ginseng prepared the sweet aura and looked at Shi Yu excitedly.

“Yi…”

What skill was it?

It was extremely curious.

“You’ve actually seen it before.” Shi Yu smiled.

Then, he reached out and pressed on Baby Ginseng’s head.

“Energy Fruit, teaching.”

“After learning this move, you have to remember one thing.”

“The art of battle is explosions!”

As the light flowed in, Shi Yu breathed in the sweetness before heaving a sigh of relief.

At this moment…

In the ruins, Baby Ginseng was completely stunned.

It was as if a cook, no, ingredient, suddenly had a pile of explosives battle experience.

The relevant usage method of the Energy Fruit was instantly mastered by Baby Ginseng.

[Skill]: Energy Fruit (Initiate)

“Yi…” After Baby Ginseng recovered, it looked at Shi Yu in a daze.

“Try it?” Shi Yu said.

“Yi!!!” Baby Ginseng expressed its understanding, and its expression immediately became serious.

Buzz!!!

It directly multiplied into a height higher than Shi Yu, like a super big white carrot.

After becoming bigger, it lowered its head to look at Shi Yu before extending its short hand.

In the next moment, countless light spots lingered on its short palm as it quickly condensed a white fruit with green leaves. It looked like ginseng or a radish.

The fruit emitted a faint fragrance and was very tempting. However, compared to Baby Ginseng’s sweet aura, it was clearly worlds apart.

“Yi!!” After creating the Energy Fruit, Baby Ginseng was abnormally excited.

It directly pulled at the leaf and assisted it a few times, throwing it out like a stone.

Although Baby Ginseng’s strength wasn’t great, the fruit still quickly reached the sky 100 meters away. At this moment, with a thought from Baby Ginseng, “Boom!” The fruit immediately changed in the distant sky!

The white fruit first flashed with a dazzling white light, then a loud bang was instantly heard. Then, like a super explosive, the white light kept expanding.

The moment Baby Ginseng’s will detonated the fruit, a huge energy rushed out of the fruit. With a world-shaking bang, the rolling energy tide rose into the sky like a sandstorm.

The white smoke rolled up with a bang and swept up energy fluctuations. It was like enchanting white roses that instantly bloomed in the sky.

The strong wind could be clearly sensed even from 100 meters away.

“Yi…” Baby Ginseng was stunned.

Was this the destruction caused by it??

Was this the destructive power of a baby ginseng’s skill?

It didn’t make sense anymore.

At this moment, Baby Ginseng had the urge to cry. It had finally mastered a lethal skill!!!

Shi Yu had his hands behind his back beside it, looking profound.

“In the future, if you encounter bad people who want to eat you, don’t resist first.”

“Be good and create an energy fruit for it. When it’s placed in its mouth, you’ll directly detonate it!”

“However, if you want to deceive the world, you have to train the Energy Fruit well first and integrate the appearance of the sweetness and nutrients inside, understand?”

“High-level hunters often appear in the form of prey…”

Ginseng Baby: (๑ _ ๑)

Although it felt that it didn’t match its aura of a towering emperor sweeping through the world, the Beast Tamer probably knew what he was doing.

“Hurry up and show Eleven and Buggy your new skills.”

“Yi!!!” Baby Ginseng was excited. Yay, yay, yay!! It liked Shi Yu the most.

After saying that, it immediately shrunk to its normal state and ran towards Eleven and Buggy.

Looking at this fellow, Shi Yu touched his chin. He felt that the Ginseng Baby was just like the Frost Ancient Tree. It couldn’t run fast…

“Under the Earth Chain state, it’s even harder to move.”

“In the future, Baby Ginseng is destined to be like other plant-type pets. It’s destined to stand still.”

“Looks like I have to find a skill to increase its defense…”

“Well, in terms of attack power, Baby Ginseng is temporarily good enough, but this skill isn’t very agile. I still have to modify it.”

The Energy Fruit was a high-level skill. Although Baby Ginseng had only mastered the entry-level Energy Fruit, its power was still very strong when combined with its more than 7,000 energy points.

It was even possible for a fruit to break through Little Yin’s Zonyan Rock Beast.

As for the brittle skin of the Sky Crystal Butterfly, as long as it was hit, it could only be insta-killed.

This was actually just the initial state of the Energy Fruit.

The entry-level energy fruit was only able to detonate the wood-element life force that was injected.

After the proficiency level, one could add another attribute power, just like the Ancient Frost Tree.

For example, the Ancient Frost Tree had added ice power to disguise the Energy Fruit as an ice-element spiritual fruit. In addition to the power of the energy explosion, the Energy Fruit that exploded like this also had some freezing effects.

Baby Ginseng was temporarily at a disadvantage because it didn’t master any other attack power… However, Shi Yu had the skill index, so it wasn’t a problem after this.

Then, for proficient, perfection, and every major increase in proficiency, the Energy Fruit could be injected with an additional power that could be disguised as a top-grade spiritual fruit with multiple elements. In a sense, the Energy Fruit was similar to Zhang Qianyi’s Elemental Coordination Talent, but there was a certain upper limit. It was a super limited version.

…

On the other side, after finally learning the attack skill, Baby Ginseng ran over excitedly to show off to Eleven and Buggy.

Just now, Eleven and Buggy also sensed the blast.

At this moment, when the baby ginseng came over, they couldn’t help but let it demonstrate again.

“Yi! (Alright!)”

Then, Baby Ginseng demonstrated.

A white rose bloomed in the sky again.

“Yi!!”

Baby Ginseng looked pleased.

Eleven and Buggy, on the other hand, showed an expression that was only so-so.

When Shi Yu came over…

Baby Ginseng seemed to have experienced something devastating as it sat on the spot and cried.

Eleven and Buggy looked innocent.

Eleven expressed that it only hardened its whole body and crushed an Energy Fruit.

On the other hand, Buggy expressed that it had entered into a concealed state and casually let the baby ginseng blow fruits up a few times.

They didn’t do anything overboard at all.

“Isn’t that too much?”

“…” Shi Yu was speechless.

How many times did the two of you upgrade points? How many times did Baby Ginseng add points? Was it appropriate to bully it like this?

Don’t blame him if Baby Ginseng wouldn’t work hard the next time he upgraded points for them…

Ginseng Baby: QAQ I’ll remember this.

“Alright, I’ll talk about the next plan.”

After Shi Yu came over, he directly got to the point.

“There are still nearly ten days until school starts. Next, I’ll try my best to meditate with new meditation techniques and the Ethereal Stone to see how the effect is.”

“It’s best if I can raise the Beast Taming Space to level three before school starts. At that time, I can contract a ginseng baby.”

Baby Ginseng blinked.

After the contract, it didn’t have to guess what Eleven and the insect’s cries meant.

“But we shouldn’t be in Ping Cheng for the next ten days.”

“I plan to pack up and leave for the ancient capital immediately.”

“At that time, firstly, I’ll ask Dean Hao to help build the equipment for you to be evolved into, and secondly, it’s time to collect credits to exchange for your evolution materials.” Shi Yu smiled.

“Well, and after the contract, Baby Ginseng, I’ll take you to challenge other pets to fulfill your battle dream.”

Shi Yu’s words made the eyes of the three pets light up.

“Wu!!” “Ji!!!” “Yi!!!”

…

After making the decision, Shi Yu began to meditate and cultivate as he prepared.

During this period, he asked the school to help him prepare a billion yuan worth of Iron-eating Beast evolution materials.

In addition, he also left a message for President Feng and Hall Master Lin to take over the ruins pearl and discuss the Iron Eater Village plan.

“Damn, so fast.”

As for Shi Yu, he established his connection within the new ruin space through the ruin ring and slowly tried the special meditation technique that Senior Lu had given him.

The new meditation technique wasn’t difficult. He only made some modifications to the original foundation.

To be specific, it could be described using a gaming example: In the past, it was as if he was always one of his small accounts fighting monsters to level up, but now, he was using his main account. By using both accounts, he could raise his alternate account to level up and fight monsters to collect experience, and the efficiency of leveling up would directly double!

The ruins left behind by the Legendary big boss were big accounts, while his own ruins were small accounts.

Now, Shi Yu knew why Eleven and the others liked to train in the ruins space.

“At this rate, I might really be able to raise the Beast Taming Space to level three in ten days…”

Shi Yu picked up an Ethereal Stone and said silently. Strong physique+special meditation technique+spatial resources… This was an upgrade acceleration hack!