Chapter 140 - Explosive Strength Of All Members

Chapter 140: Explosive Strength of All Members

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

It felt good to continuously upgrade points.

Shi Yu was immediately immersed in the joy of adding points.

Several days had passed since Shi Yu returned to Ping Cheng from the ancient capital.

For the past few days, Shi Yu had been living in seclusion.

It couldn’t be helped. It was too exciting to use Ginseng Baby to add points.

Be it the sweetness or the various nutritional supplements produced by the ginseng baby, they were all better than the supplements bought. The burden on the body was smaller.

He could also make himself stronger, and he could also make his pets stronger to gain a sense of accomplishment. If he didn’t take advantage of this, would he still be human?!

However, Shi Yu did not forget the main goal.

After calculating the time, he made an appointment with Senior Lu, Hall Master Lin, President Feng, and Commander He, these master-level Beast Tamers. He decided to explore the Ice Dragon Ruins together in a week.

Initially, Shi Yu wanted to call a few more.

In the end, Lu Qingyi said two sentences to Shi Yu.

“It’s only the Ice Dragon Ruins… There’s no need to mobilize so many people…”

“Besides, according to my rich archeological experience, the more people exploring a ruin, the easier it is to fail.”

Shi Yu :”…”

Alright, alright!

Since the big boss of the archeological world had spoken, Shi Yu chose to believe it.

Then, he continued to increase points.

…

About ten days after Shi Yu returned to Ping Cheng.

Shi Yu upgraded all three pets.

During this process, Shi Yu felt that his physical fitness had reached another limit.

Because the feedback effect of the skill index gradually decreased.

After testing his grip, he silently discovered that his current physical fitness might not be inferior to those high-level Beast Tamers who had reached level four in the Beast Taming Space.

This change left Shi Yu at a loss for a long time.

He was really a human battle beast.

More specifically, he could already fight some awakened-level pets of extraordinary races with his bare hands.

If the opponent was an adult Iron-eating Beast that had awakened to level ten, Shi Yu would definitely win if he fought with it without using any skills.

This was only the upper limit of the physical fitness level in the second-level Beast Taming Space.

If the Beast Taming Space reached level six, seven, and eight and reached the upper limit of this level of physical fitness, Shi Yu didn’t dare to imagine if he could really become a human-shaped ferocious beast and a super Earthling under the feedback of the skill index…

The improvement in physical fitness also brought about a benefit.

That was, Shi Yu’s meditation efficiency had become especially efficient.

Originally, he judged that it might take a few months to raise the level of the Beast Taming Space to level three…

But now, with the enhancement of his super physique, he felt that with the full meditation of the Ethereal Stone, this speed could be greatly improved.

But these were not the most important things.

Most importantly, in the past ten days, under Shi Yu’s crazy points, each of the three pets’ strength had undergone a huge change.

Shi Yu sat in the study and leaned against the old chair. He looked at the pet data book he had recorded in Chinese.

< Name > Ginseng Baby

[Level of Growth]: transcendent

[Skill]: Fragrance (Perfect), High Speed Healing (Perfect), Nutrition (Expert), Earth Chain (Transcendent), Origin of Life (Initiate), Multiplication (Expert), Absolute Sleep (Expert)

In the end, Shi Yu reached transcendent in the Earth Chain skill, upgraded Absolute Sleep to expert level, and got Multiplication to expert level.

In this way, the Earth Chain+the source of life+shrinking+absolute sleep, together with the ruins space… This could roughly equalize the consumption of Shi Yu and the others’ points. It would be enough to only absorb natural power. There was no need to buy additional energy crystals to help Baby Ginseng recover its physical fitness.

Of course, as a Beast Tamer who had a ginseng baby, even if he could really borrow the power of nature to completely freeload, Shi Yu wouldn’t squeeze the ginseng baby like this.

Shi Yu did not give the baby ginseng any less energy crystals and nutritional supplements.

Even if it didn’t need these things to replenish his energy, it was good to have a taste. Shi Yu had the mentality that pets had to be doted over. He gave everything to Eleven to Worm, even if Baby Ginseng hadn’t officially contracted with him. Shi Yu had already treated all three pets equally.

Each day, Baby Ginseng still had a lot of entertainment time.

But even so, it didn’t miss helping Shi Yu level up the pets.

Currently, Baby Ginseng could completely supply the consumption of skills below super level.

Super skills… At the moment, it still looked far away.

In addition to multiplication and absolute sleep, Shi Yu also taught Baby Ginseng high-speed healing skills.

Due to the slow healing and source of life, the ginseng baby had just learned to heal at a high speed, and the effect was comparable to perfection.

Compared to slow healing, the effect of Perfect Level High Speed Healing was much greater. Most importantly, Baby Ginseng now had the ability to heal others.

Perfect level High Speed Healing also gave Baby Ginseng the ability to form a combination skill with this move. Coupled with the nutritional supplement skill, Baby Ginseng could not only create high-level supplements, but it could also create high-level medicine for injuries. It could be considered to have completely changed its profession to a support nurse. The positioning of it in the team… was a support, after all.

After all, at the moment, Baby Ginseng should have the highest proficiency level in the team.

Although its dream was to become a combatant… After ten days, its combat power didn’t increase much. The effect of multiplication was different on Eleven compared to the baby ginseng…

Shi Yu planned to think of a way later to find a wood-element attack skill for it. He could teach it when the time came.

However, although Baby Ginseng’s battle power didn’t increase much because of its race, Eleven and Worm, who had witnessed the limits of Baby Ginseng and Shi Yu, had completely taken off in the past ten days.

< Name > Green Silkworm

[Level of Growth]: transcendent

[Skill]: Worm Silk (Dao Proficiency), Absolute Sleep (Expert), Illusory Phantom (Perfect), Deterrence (Expert), Super Sight (Expert), High Speed Healing (Proficient), Spatial Shackles (Expert), Instant Transmission (Expert), Concealment (Expert)

For Buggy, Shi Yu increased the phantom illusion to perfect level.

Perfect-level illusionary illusions focused on the word “solid”.

It could make the illusion even more realistic. If Buggy transformed into a frost dragon, even Eleven’s perfect super vision wouldn’t be able to see through it. Moreover, it would be able to clearly feel the lively life force of the ice dragon. The illusion had reached the point of making it look real.

Of course, this also meant that the quality of the phantom had been raised to a higher level, and the power it could display was stronger.

Shi Yu had also taught Worm three spatial skills.

At this moment, Phantom Illusion skill alone could already easily break through the full-level worm silk, but the spatial shackle was still a little lacking. Shi Yu prepared to upgrade this high-level skill to at least perfect level before evolution.

But at the moment, the thing most worth mentioning was that it wasn’t so easy for Eleven to defeat Buggy. It would take a lot of effort, and it would have to use all his trump cards. Even so, there was a risk of losing.

< Name > Iron-eating Beast

[Level of Growth]: transcendent

[Skill]: Hardening (Dao Proficiency), Thunder Palm (Transcendent), High Speed Healing (Expert), Super Sight (Perfect), Deterrence (Expert), Absolute Sleep (Expert), Multiplication (Expert)

This was mainly because relatively speaking, Eleven’s skills improved less. He only had time to increase the proficiency of Hardening and Thunder Palm.

In the past, it was Buggy who was envious of Eleven’s pile of skills. Now, it was Eleven who was envious of Buggy’s pile of skills.

After Thunder Palm reached transcendent, Eleven had a stronger lightning control ability. It could even turn the Thunder Palm into a Wave Palm, condense the lightning into an energy body, and release the Thunder Palm, or transform the Thunder Palm into various forms.

This was a small surprise, giving Eleven more long-range attacks.

However, after teaching Eleven’s Thunder Palm to transcendent, Shi Yu discovered a big problem.

That was, when this skill reached the level of transcendent, the skill index showed that it could not be taught anymore.

At the same time, the deletion symbol appeared on the Thunder Palm page, indicating that Shi Yu could delete the Thunder Palm at any time.

This made Shi Yu a little silent. This was because the skill index seemed to only be able to increase points in the species skills of pets to the level of Dao Proficiency.

For non-racial skills, reaching transcendent was the maximum level.

Shi Yu’s mood was complicated.

Fortunately, this way, the conditions for deleting certain skills were much lower. He could replicate more rare skills.

What was annoying was that some super useful skills outside the race could not be activated to the highest level. Next, the pet could only rely on itself to train.

Therefore, although he had replicated Earth Chain, Hardening and Thunder Palm had become skills that could be deleted at any time on Shi Yu’s side. He could empty two new skill slots at any time.

As for max level hardening…

Compared to transcendent Level Hardening, apart from the increase in hardness, there was an additional property.

Growth.

The reason why Hardening was evaluated as a low-level skill was that no matter what the Iron-eating Beast’s food was, the nature of Hardening Material was always like that. Apart from becoming a little harder and having a better resistance to physical attacks, it had no special characteristics and didn’t have much growth.

However, after reaching the maximum level, Hardening became like the transcendent Worm Silk. It could directly change the nature of the Hardening Material according to the difference in eating food.

For example, if Eleven ate a large amount of Electric Mines, its hardening substance would become more like a magnet. In the hardening state, its control over thunder skills and thunder talent would increase greatly.

If it ate a large amount of lightweight rocks next, it could freely control its weight in the hardened state, be it light or heavy.

It was also the reason why it was a little difficult for Eleven to fight Buggy at the moment.

Because it hadn’t grown up yet.

In addition, Eleven had yet to successfully coordinate the super electromagnetic cannon, the ultimate combination of max Hardening and transcendent Level Thunder Palm.

Buggy, who had the addition of three spatial skills and a perfect high level skill, was now able to fight Eleven 40:60 because of that. If the bug’s race was a little higher and it had more physical fitness, and if it weren’t a weak green worm, Eleven might fail.

Shi Yu stared at the data card. Baby Ginseng still lacked a wood-element attack skill. He had to choose a suitable one. The skills of Buggy were more or less enough. After filling it up, he just had to wait for it to evolve and awaken new racial skills. He still had to add points to racial skills. After all, the upper limit was high. As for Eleven, there were a little fewer offensive skills, but there was no hurry. After all, it was like Buggy. It could be arranged to evolve soon after school started.

“Why do I feel that if the Beast Taming Space’s level increases smoothly, in addition to the evolution of Eleven and Buggy… I can defeat seniors like Sister Beast Ear in my first year.” Shi Yu’s expression was strange.

Too small, the mindset was too small. Ancient Capital University wasn’t impressive in the battle department either. He would set a small goal of sweeping through the battle department of Imperial Capital University before his second year.

At that time, he would go to the principal to ask for money. When he was paid for his accomplishments, that would be the start of his legend!

This baby ginseng was really his lucky star.

“Hello!!!”

“There’s a package for you!!!”

Just as Shi Yu was fantasizing, a familiar voice came from the outside.

Shi Yu hurriedly jogged. When he passed by the courtyard, Baby Ginseng, who was taking care of the plants in the villa, poked its head out and followed curiously.

“We will meet again.”

“I haven’t delivered it to you in a long time.”

Outside the training villa.

Shi Yu’s old friend, a young man who rode the Wings of the Wind to deliver goods everywhere, looked at Shi Yu with a smile after delivering a metal pile of mineral resources.

He was a little puzzled. Why didn’t Shi Yu buy supplements this time…

Then, he saw Baby Ginseng beside Shi Yu’s leg…

The courier was speechless.

“Yeah, long time no see.” Shi Yu put the goods away with a smile. At the same time, he was very puzzled. Didn’t the other party know his new identity? From the looks of it, the reputation of a genius archeologist wasn’t enough…

The two of them completed another tacit transaction.

This time, Shi Yu bought a level-four thunder-element mineral resource, the Flat Thunder Stone.

It cost about 5,000,000 yuan. He didn’t buy much, just a box.

After all, he only had tens of millions of yuan now.

This also made Shi Yu a little depressed. Although the money for the additional supplements was saved, the other resources weren’t f*cking cheap either.

The reason why he bought this was to test this so-called growth rate of max-level hardening.

“Yi ~” At this moment, Baby Ginseng looked at the big box in front of it and was extremely curious.

What was this?

Shi Yu smiled and opened the box. It was filled with a pile of sealed dark blue electric stones.

“This is food prepared for Eleven.”

Baby Ginseng:!!!

“Yi!!” In Baby Ginseng’s opinion, Eleven and Buggy were very strange.

One ate iron rocks, alright… But the other ate plants. Damn it.

It was different. Ginseng babies loved to eat dirt and drink all kinds of nutritional drinks.

Baby Ginseng felt that it was very normal.

“Let’s go back.”

Shi Yu chuckled. He picked up the big box filled with metal minerals and walked back with the ginseng baby.

This Flat Thunder Stone’s nature was stable.

The stone had super high control over the lightning energy inside.

Many thunder-element pets used this resource to increase their control over the lightning energy.

When Shi Yu chose the resources, he locked onto the Flat Thunder Stone at a glance.

After all, Eleven wasn’t a thunder-type pet. Even if its Thunder Palm had reached perfection and its Hardening had reached the maximum level, as expected, the electromagnetic cannon that Shi Yu imagined was still lacking.

It was impossible to reconcile the relationship between hardening and the electromagnetic field.

To put it bluntly, Eleven’s control over the metal element was strong enough, but it was still lacking when it came to the thunder element.

Therefore, Shi Yu thought of the Flat Thunder Stone and wanted to see if the full-strength hardening could absorb the stone’s nature.

If it could, Eleven would basically have a second attribute under Hardening: Lightning.

At that time, both the profundities of the Thunder Armor and the Electromagnetic Cannon would undergo qualitative changes.

In short, he would use the Flat Thunder Rock excessively first… When he had money in the future, he would buy higher-level and stronger metal resources to change the nature of the hardening substance!

…

Boom!!!

Boom!!

In the ruins.

When Shi Yu and Baby Ginseng arrived, Big Eleven and the Ice Dragon Buggy were engaged in a crazy battle of flashy moves.

“Cough.”

Shi Yu coughed dryly and immediately made Eleven and Buggy stop.

At that moment, Eleven’s eyes lit up when it saw the huge box in Shi Yu’s hand.

“Wuu!!!”

It quickly became smaller and ran over while the worm recovered and crawled over.

At this moment, when Buggy crawled, it raised its head and chest.

It felt that the gap between it and its leader was gradually shrinking. It was very excited.

“Huh?”

After Eleven ran over, it pointed at the Flat Thunder Stone in the box and asked if it was for it.

Shi Yu smiled and nodded. The next moment, Eleven rubbed its hands and stuffed a piece into its mouth.

Great.

It could finally test the nature of maximum hardening.

“This is a fourth-level resource… In theory, it’s for commander-level creatures to use. Take it easy.”

Shi Yu reminded.

“Ow, ow.” Eleven hurriedly nodded, but it was not a big deal. This was because in the ruins space, coupled with absolute sleep, its absorption of nutrition was very good. There would be no indigestion.

Crack. Crack. Eleven ate a piece after a few bites.

Then, its eyes shone.

Delicious!

It simply ate in its hardened state.

Crack.

Eleven ate very happily. After all, the battle had just ended and it was time to replenish its nutrition.

As it ate, something unexpected happened.

A dark blue lightning suddenly flowed across Eleven’s hardened body. However, Eleven didn’t feel anything unusual and continued eating.

“Yi…”” Ji…” Baby Ginseng and Worm looked at the Flat Thunder Stone. Was this thing… really that delicious?

After eating about three pieces, Eleven gradually felt that the nature of its hardened substance was slowly changing. It raised its head slightly and looked at Shi Yu.

Shi Yu nodded and looked at Buggy.

“Let’s give it a try.”

“Buggy, try using the spatial shackles to seal Eleven.”

“Ji!!”

Buggy didn’t understand, but it nodded.

The next moment, a three-dimensional spatial barrier the size of a room appeared around Eleven.

Expert level spatial shackles!

This was even stronger than the spatial shackles of the Sky Crystal Butterfly. In the previous battle, it was quite troublesome for Eleven to break it.

Using this move, Buggy and the ice dragon phantom disgusted him many times.

As for now…

Looking at the transparent spatial wall in front of him, the one-meter-tall Eleven had a serious expression. it slowly raised its fat arm and aimed its palm in front of it.

Then, a black ball condensed outside its palm.

At this moment, Buggy and Ginseng Baby were still very calm.

But the next moment.

Crack!

A shocking electric arc appeared on Eleven’s hardened arm and wrapped around it, making a violent sound!

Then, Eleven’s entire arm shone, and powerful electric currents suddenly spread around the black ball floating in front of his palm. This change made the expressions of Buggy and Baby Ginseng change slightly.

What they didn’t know was that… the magnetic field that formed quickly with the lightning palm’s high-voltage electric current was giving the hardening ball an acceleration! This acceleration was even greater than the power of Eleven!

Boom!!!

Finally, the electromagnetic cannon that Eleven had tried many times but couldn’t complete was finally fired for the first time.

“Wuu!!!” Eleven shouted excitedly during the launch.

Boom!!!

At the same time, it was like a thunderclap exploded in the hearts of the bugs and ginseng babies.

Buggy and Baby Ginseng widened their eyes and only saw a blue light streak across. With a bang, space seemed to shatter and the spatial shackles made by Buggy instantly started collapsing with a flash of lightning!!

In the next moment, the lightning was still accelerating. In the blink of an eye, the light landed in the distance, and a terrifying loud bang was suddenly transmitted along with the fading light. In the next moment, there was even a strong wind that blew over from afar accompanied by this loud bang, completely blowing the spatial fragments away!

“Ji!!!!”

Buggy: ヾ(;゚;Д;゚;)ノ゙

Seeing the fragile collapse of the spatial shackles, Buggy’s eyes immediately widened. Holy shit.

What happened!

Baby Ginseng was also stunned. It didn’t understand what was going on and almost got blown away.

At this moment, Eleven stood on the spot and returned to its normal state. Its black and white hair fluttered with the strong wind. It was at first confused, but then it looked at its palm in surprise.

“Wuuu!!!”

Success!!

It also saw Shi Yu’s smile.

The second profundity!! Electromagnetic Cannon!!

“Wuu! (Buggy, come fight!)” Eleven looked at Buggy with fighting spirit.

Buggy:???

“Ji!!!! Are you sure I won’t die if that thing hits me?!!” Buggy thought..