Chapter 141 - Ice Dragon Snow Mountain

Chapter 141: Ice Dragon Snow Mountain

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The power of the electromagnetic cannon was even stronger than the profundities of the Thunder Armor.

This was because the Thunder Armor profundity required it to cover the hardened substance all over the body and form a protective layer. It was mainly defense and speed.

On the other hand, the Electromagnetic Cannon compressed the power of the metal element and the thunder element into a hardening-created ball and accelerated the launch to detonate. The result was destruction with both power and speed!

At this moment, after witnessing the power of the electromagnetic cannon, Buggy swallowed its saliva. It felt that the ice dragon it transformed into might not be able to withstand a single blow and would be blown up instantly!

What the hell?!

Eleven: 〈( ̄) ̄)〈

“Wuu!”

Come on, come on!

Avoiding battle was bad behavior.

“You’ve challenged me so many times in the past two days, but I’ve never rejected you!” Eleven thought.

“Don’t be in a hurry to fight.”

Seeing Eleven excitedly initiate a battle with Worm, Shi Yu hurriedly said, “Let’s perfect the technique first.”

Shi Yu had saved Buggy’s life, making Buggy turn around with lingering fear.

Buggy suspected that Eleven was holding a grudge.

In the past two days, it had relied on the advantage of having many skills to challenge Eleven continuously and even fought back and forth. It might have annoyed Eleven…

“Huh?” Eleven looked at Shi Yu.

“Wuu!”

Eleven nodded obediently.

Alright, then they would fight another day.

Training, training!

Full Level Hardening was the same as full Level Worm Silk. As Eleven’s control over this skill had reached an insane level, Hardening also extended many high-level usage methods worth training.

For example, after the hardening substance left the body, the duration was longer.

After Eleven made contact with Shi Yu and applied a layer of hardening armor on him, even if the two parties separated, Shi Yu’s hardening armor would not immediately disappear. Instead, it would be maintained for a period of time according to Eleven’s consumption.

In other words, even if Shi Yu didn’t ride Eleven, as long as he armed himself with a layer of hardening in advance… it wouldn’t be a problem for him to fight an ordinary transcendent-level ferocious beast alone.

This greatly enhanced Shi Yu’s life-saving abilities and opportunities to show off.

Apart from that, it was only natural for Eleven to create hardening balls with the nature of metal just now.

With Eleven’s current proficiency in hardening, it could even control this hardening ball that had left its body. It spun at a high speed, allowing the hardening ball to turn into an even stronger tearing force!

This was also why even though Buggy had learned a bunch of proficient expert level spatial skills and even perfect high-level dual-element skills, it still couldn’t defeat Eleven.

Of course, the greater reason was that Eleven had upgraded its racial skill. Its racial skill proficiency had increased, leading to Eleven’s growth. Its physical fitness might not be inferior to the overlord race’s dragons at this moment.

“Thunder Palm, Hardening, and supervision, these three skills can’t be separated.”

“Next, try to integrate your supervision. This way, you can lock onto the target more accurately and let the electromagnetic cannon hit 100%.”

“Your current profundity can only be considered an electromagnetic cannon. When the time comes, it will be a super electromagnetic cannon,” Shi Yu sutured.

Well, a certain unscientific super electromagnetic cannon.

The hardening ball, which had compressed a huge amount of metal-element energy and thunder-element energy, was locked onto by super vision and shot out with electromagnetic acceleration. The final power might be able to heavily injure a commander-level creature…

Now, Eleven was getting closer and closer to being invincible in its level range.

Unfortunately, there were no longer any young divine beast cubs in this world that could be compared to it.

As for Buggy, even if it did not use the Ice Dragon Whiskers, it would not lose to some cubs of monarch races who had mastered super-level skills. It was also not bad.

As for the baby ginseng, the future was bright.

“Wuuu!!!”

After Shi Yu finished speaking, Eleven raised its hand excitedly. Train!

The next goal was the super electromagnetic cannon!

On the other hand, Buggy and Baby Ginseng had looks of envy.

Attack-type combination profundity

Although Buggy had a bunch of skills, right now, there weren’t any profundity skills that had real combat value.

This was also one of the reasons why it couldn’t defeat Eleven.

As for the Ginseng Baby, its combination skill was purely to make the effect of its supplement better…

“Ji!” Buggy looked up at the sky and sighed.

Ahhh, after the hardening and absorption of the special property, the leader became stronger again. It couldn’t fight anymore, and the gap widened again.

Damn it.

It looked at Baby Ginseng and wondered if it could defeat its leader by teaming up with it.

There was another reason why it lost to Eleven. It was restricted by the Green Silkworm Race and had too little physical strength.

For a species like the Green Silkworm, the physique of bears like the Iron-Eating Beast was too much.

But with the support of the ginseng baby, the disadvantages of physical fitness would directly disappear, and even become an advantage…

“Yi?” Baby Ginseng looked at Buggy innocently. What’s wrong?

At this moment, Buggy was thinking.

He and his leader were the “Wuji Airlines” combination, so teaming up with Baby Ginseng would be very impressive…

After Buggy let out a cry, it instantly fell silent.

“Yiji” combination…

…

After handing the Flat Thunder Rocks to Eleven and arranging training missions for them, Shi Yu began to quietly meditate and strive to level up as soon as possible.

He stopped adding points because tomorrow was the day to explore the Ice Dragon Ruins.

This time, there were four master-level Beast Tamers protecting him.

Apart from the main mission, Shi Yu also wanted to see if he could encounter a side mission.

He wanted to fight a few commander-level ferocious beasts on the way.

To look at the difference in battle power between Eleven, Buggy, and a commander-level ferocious beast.

If it was the difference in energy, Eleven and Buggy definitely hadn’t surpassed it.

Even if it was a commander-level ferocious beast of a low-level transcendent race, after reaching the commander level, its energy value would be at least five digits, exceeding ten thousand.

Back then, when Eleven participated in the vocation assessment, its energy level was only slightly more than three thousand.

At the moment, although Eleven felt that its energy level had at least doubled, it should still be much weaker than a commander-level creature.

However, energy points did not represent battle power.

Eleven, who had mastered a bunch of profundities… Even if its energy value was inferior, its use of energy was good. It should still have the ability to fight a commander-level creature.

Generally speaking, the energy level of transcendent cubs of overlord races was above 6,000.

Currently, after Eleven used his supervision to make a rough judgment, its energy value should be above 7,000 when compared to the test.

If it encountered that Zonyan Rock Beast again, it could defeat it with a single punch.

The energy value of Buggy was more than 3,000.

As for the energy value of the ginseng baby, Eleven judged it to be around 7,000 with his super vision.

This was purely because the Ginseng Baby race had a lot of HP and MP, low attack, low defense, and low speed.

At this moment, Shi Yu was very curious about how much energy these three pets could gain after they grew to commander rank.

It didn’t mean that a pet was commander level just because it had over ten thousand energy points.

Instead, when a pet reached the commander level during its growth stage, its energy level would definitely reach 10,000 and it would have magical abilities such as creating energy crystals.

From the transcendent level to the commander level, it was a process of growth, development, and awakening. It was commonly known as “minor evolution”. It directly erupted the heritage and foundation of the pets. Some pets at the transcendent level might have an energy value of 3,000, but after breaking through to the commander level, it might directly increase by four or five times.

Similarly, after Eleven, Buggy, and Ginseng Baby broke through to the commander rank, with their current energy points as the foundation, their energy points would also increase explosively.

To put it bluntly, the growth level was a process that relied on external nutrition, battle training, accumulation, and specific opportunities to constantly increase the strength of the body, vitality, and energy intensity, approaching and breaking through the limits of the race.

Therefore, during this process, the higher the species level, the easier it was to increase. There would be no bottlenecks. As for transcendent species like Eleven and Worm, although their energy levels and skill proficiency were off the charts, due to the limitations of their race, it was still relatively difficult to break through. They needed to accumulate more time.

Only by reaching a certain point could they successfully break through.

According to Shi Yu’s understanding, Lin Hongnian’s Iron-eating Beast had been stuck at the transcendent level for ten years.

The opportunity for a breakthrough was a wild battle. The iron-eating beast was on the verge of death, its life hanging by a thread. It purely relied on the contract to not die directly.

After that, the Iron-eating Beast underwent a month of treatment. Using its extreme near death as an opportunity, it successfully broke through its species limit and grew to commander rank.

At that time, the energy, combat power, and racial skill proficiency of that Iron-eating Beast definitely weren’t as high as the current Eleven. Therefore, this so-called opportunity made Shi Yu very conflicted.

But it didn’t matter if there was no opportunity. With Eleven’s current state, it wasn’t impossible for him to break through when the conditions were right.

If it really didn’t work, the so-called bottleneck would disappear after evolution.

It was also because of the evolution that Hall Master Lin’s Iron-eating Beast broke through to the monarch level.

“Generally speaking, only a level-four Beast Taming Space can control commander-level pets and provide the nutrients they need to grow.”

“I feel that before Eleven breaks through and evolves, my Beast Taming Space might not necessarily reach level four.”

This was also what made Shi Yu conflicted.

“Forget it, it’s alright. In any case, even if the Beast Taming Space doesn’t have the binding power, Eleven can’t break free from the contract. Moreover, as long as the absolute sleep level is high, their own absorption efficiency of nutrition will increase. The second and third-level Beast Taming Space can still maintain their training and growth.”

Shi Yu planned to buy nutritional supplements, also known as a way to bypass paywalls, to increase the proficiency of the Absolute Sleep skill, which was similar to the effect of the Beast Taming Space. It was to reduce the pet’s need for the Beast Taming Space level.

This way, after school started, he could immediately arrange for Eleven and Worm to evolve. Shi Yu was an impatient person and did not plan to wait for the Beast Taming Space to increase to level four. Why would he wait?! Level three was already not bad!

“Meditate!”

…

The next morning.

After Shi Yu finished eating breakfast, he called Eleven, Buggy, and Baby Ginseng out.

At this moment, Shi Yu had already put on the level-five cold-proof coat provided by the Ping Cheng Association.

The core material of this blue cold-proof suit was made from the monarch race’s ice-element ferocious beast, Snow Night Demon, supplemented with various cold-resistant insect silk. It had very good resistance to cold. With Shi Yu’s current physique, wearing this would allow him to withstand the coldest place on the snow mountain.

“Come here.”

After putting on the cold clothes and bringing the props, Shi Yu summoned his three pets.

“Wuu! (Exploration! Battle! Battle!)”

“Ji! (Ice Dragon! Ice Dragon!)”

“Yi! (Can we not go? I’m afraid of the cold.)”

Eleven climbed onto Shi Yu’s left shoulder, while Buggy climbed onto Shi Yu’s right shoulder. Baby Ginseng crawled into Shi Yu’s pocket with a forced expression.

“Let’s go!”

With three pets with him, this sense of security made Shi Yu sigh.

When he came out, a car had already stopped at the entrance of the villa area. Shi Yu took a look at the car number and directly opened the door to get in.

The driver’s seat was occupied by President Feng’s beautiful female secretary.

Shi Yu was slightly silent. This ten-thousand-year-old bachelor, Old Feng… Didn’t he look for a wife? Why was he always inseparable from his beautiful female secretary?

How could that be?

In the front passenger seat was President Feng. In the back seat, apart from Shi Yu who had just come up, Hall Master Lin was in the car already.

“Uncle Feng, Uncle Lin.”

After getting into the car, Shi Yu greeted each of them.

President Feng and Hall Master Lin smiled and said, “Shi Yu, you look pretty energetic today.”

In the past few days when Shi Yu had been living in seclusion, President Feng and Hall Master Lin had come to the villa to visit.

At that time, Shi Yu was in the midst of his refreshment period, so his complexion was naturally not very good.

As for now, how could he not look good after resting for a day…

“I’m good, I’m good…” Shi Yu smiled.

“Well… Where’s Dr. Lu?” Lin Hongnian looked at Shi Yu and asked.

“Yeah, where’s Dr. Lu?” President Feng also said in anticipation.

At that moment, they naturally knew that Lu Qingyi would follow them to explore the Ice Dragon Ruins.

Lu Qingyi was one of the few archeological big shots who was willing to explore the Ice Dragon Ruins. The Masters in Icefield City were very familiar with her. At the moment, Lu Qingyi and Shi Yu were jointly exploring the Ice Dragon Ruins. President Feng and the others had very high expectations.

“Senior Lu said she will directly arrive outside the snow mountain. Let’s go over first,” said Shi Yu.

“Alright! Old He and the others are also stationed by the snow mountain. Then drive. Let’s go and find them.” President Feng nodded and said to his secretary.

Right on the heels of that, this car that was carrying two master-level Beast Tamers and a newbie professional Beast Tamer drove directly to Ice Dragon Snow Mountain!

At the edge of the snow mountain.

A bunch of Beast Tamers who breathed cold air would enter the snow mountain from time to time and come out of the snow mountain, entering the camp outside the city wall.

Against the background of the white snow mountain, the living environment of the soldiers stationed outside the nearby city wall appeared especially arduous.

These soldiers of the Beast Tamer Corps had to clean up the ferocious beasts that came to the edge of the snow mountain every day and were in charge of reconnaissance and patrolling.

On the high wall, Lu Qingyi, who was wearing a white research suit, stared at the soldiers training below as if she was recalling something. Beside her was a huge Green Spirit Wind Bird that looked like a blue Phoenix!

“Have we arrived?” After a long time, Lu Qingyi shifted her gaze and looked at Shi Yu, Lin Hongnian, President Feng, and the vice regiment commander of the Beast Tamer Corps who came out of the car.

“Let’s go over too.” Lu Qingyi patted the Azure Spirit Wind Bird.

…

“Uh.”

Below.

This was the first time Wang Meng, the commander of the Beast Tamer Corps in Ping Cheng, had seen Shi Yu.

Although he had already heard that there was an Ancient Capital Scholar in Ping Cheng and felt that Shi Yu was very impressive, Shi Yu’s image was really difficult for him to understand.

The small iron-eating beast, green worm, baby ginseng combination… no matter how one looked at it, he didn’t look like a top scholar.

“Little brother Shi Yu, awesome!!!” It was the first time the rough-looking Commander He Biao had seen Shi Yu since the last time he cracked the Ping Cheng ruins. When he saw Shi Yu, he immediately cursed. “F*ck, awesome, really awesome…”

This Beast Tamer who had grown up in the army no longer knew how to describe Shi Yu’s achievements during this period of time.

“Not really, not really…” Shi Yu was embarrassed.

“The hope of the country.” Commander Wang Meng praised. Then, he looked at President Feng, Hall Master Lin, and the others with a serious expression.

“According to the previous plan, I’ll continue to guard the city wall. Commander He and everyone, let’s head to the Ice Dragon Ruins.”

“However, the Beast Tamer Corps in the city next door discovered today that there might be some abnormalities in the snow mountain.”

“A monarch-level ferocious beast seems to have appeared in the path of the Ice Dragon Ruins.. Everyone, be careful!”