Chapter 146 - : Officially Becoming A Member Of Bureau 11

Chapter 146: Officially Becoming a member of Bureau 11

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

“Roar!!! (Farewell!!!)”

After bribing Shi Yu and the others with two Ice Dragon Whiskers, Ice Dragon was relieved and let them leave.

Ice Dragon Snow Mountain.

After the group left the ruins space, they were stunned.

They kept feeling that this little female dragon, no, the old female dragon was a little strange.

“Let’s go first.”

At this moment, everyone’s emotions were very complicated.

They didn’t expect that the Ice Dragon Ruins didn’t seal the Ice Dragon overlord, but instead a totem-level creature thousands of years ago.

“Let’s go, let’s go. We’ll talk when we get back.”

Everyone took another look at the Ice Dragon Ruins and left directly.

They flew out of the snow mountain.

“Good lord, this is impressive.”

During this process, on the Ice Feather Bird, Commander He Biao suddenly became talkative.

This was too scary, there was too much information.

Moreover, the ancestor of their Icefield Human Race was actually the Ice Dragon General under Emperor Shi…

“I knew it. I’m a bit of a general myself, after all.”

“General my ass. Mister regiment commander. What should we do next?” President Feng rebuked.

“We definitely have to find an opportunity to completely eliminate the hidden danger,” Hall Master Lin said.

Since it concerned a totem, he definitely couldn’t place everything on that little female dragon.

After all, it had been separated from the Beast Tamer for more than a thousand years. Humans also didn’t know what it was thinking.

“Leave this to me.”

“When I return, I’ll immediately contact Bureau 11.”

On the Green Phoenix, Lu Qingyi spoke.

Indeed, Ping Cheng and even Icefield City did not have the ability to solve their own problems now.

They had to rely on the power of the country.

“Then I’ll leave it to you,” President Feng said.

At the moment, he could only report the news.

“Speaking of which, that ice dragon feels very strong.” Commander He Biao looked at the two ice dragon whiskers in Shi Yu’s hand.

“Dragon might, transcendent level deterrence…”

“And I remember that even an overlord-level dragon can only live for a thousand years.”

“It’s been here for at least two thousand years…”

Shi Yu looked up slightly.

Indeed, this ice dragon was ridiculously strong.

The proficiency of Dragon Might was so high.

“It’s very normal. After all, it’s a battle beast of an ancient general,” Lu Qingyi said. “Moreover, that shouldn’t be considered an ordinary ice dragon.”

“From its appearance, I can tell that there’s a big difference between it and ordinary ice dragons.”

“The ice dragons are a middle-level overlord race. As for this ice dragon, I feel that its race has reached a high-level overlord.”

“It should be thanks to the reward from Emperor Shi.”

“According to the ancient books, after the era of totems ended, Emperor Shi obtained many treasures and rewarded them to his generals to help them increase their strength. Perhaps that ice dragon mutated and evolved because of this.”

“As for lifespan, don’t you feel that the flow of time in the ruins is a little different from the outside world?” she asked.

Apart from Shi Yu, the others were stunned.

“If I’m not wrong, that ruin space should be filled with Heavenly Frost Cold Energy.”

“This is a super skill with both ice and time elements. It can slow down the flow of time within a certain range. When trained to perfection, it can even freeze time. It’s one of the strongest super skills since ancient times.”

“I’m afraid that only Emperor Shi’s subordinates can master such a powerful time skill.” Lu Qingyi took a deep breath and said.

“That ice dragon, as the representative battle beast of the Ice Dragon General… Although it hasn’t reached the totem level, its battle power is definitely close to or even enough to fight against the totem.”

“Heavenly Frost Cold Energy…?”

This was clearly the first time the three Masters had heard of this skill.

Beside them, Shi Yu felt good that he was in the know.

Mere Heavenly Frost Cold Energy…

Was it very impressive?

I’ve already replicated it!

Although he couldn’t teach it yet and didn’t have anyone to teach it to,

But in the future… Shi Yu had already imagined the scene of his pet using the Heavenly Frost Cold Energy to cool him down in the summer!

“This skill sounds so ridiculous. Ice Dragon relied on this ability to gain eternal life?” He Biao clicked his tongue.

“Staying in the Ice Dragon Ruins for two days, will only one day pass in the outside world? Then, this is a cultivation Holy Land.”

“Perhaps. There are similar time faculty training venues in Imperial Capital University,” Lu Qingyi said.

Time… had always been the strongest attribute.

When such an attribute landed on a dragon, it would be even more invincible.

“When can you guys tear a giant dragon apart?”

As he listened, Shi Yu looked at the three babies on him.

After seeing the Ice Dragon, Eleven, who had always wanted to tear a dragon apart, was very quiet.

Buggy was also very obedient as if it had seen its grandmother.

Baby Ginseng was even more afraid that Ice Dragon would eat it.

Shi Yu felt that he had given them deterrence for nothing. They had to show some dominance!

Eleven and Buggy looked helpless. It wasn’t impossible to tear a dragon apart.

The premise was that Shi Yu had to increase points!

Now, they felt that they were the ones who had been torn apart.

Ginseng Baby had the same thought. As long as he added enough points, it could do it too.

A moment later.

The five of them flew back to the city wall outside the snow mountain.

“President Feng, Regiment Commander He,” Lu Qingyi said to the two of them.

“Alright.” The two of them immediately understood that during this period of time, Ping Cheng, no, the entire icy plain had to strengthen their protective awareness.

After leaving the snow mountain, the two of them immediately went to their posts to give the news.

Lin Hongnian also separated from Shi Yu and the others for the time being.

Only Shi Yu and Lu Qingyi were left behind. They looked at the snow mountain in the distance.

“Senior, is the assessment for Division 11 completed like this?”

Shi Yu asked. The ruins had been cracked, but not completely.

If he cracked it all, it would be a big deal. Now that he had asked for the truth, it should be over.

“It’s enough.”

Lu Qingyi said, “Leave the rest to Bureau 11 to handle. As for you, prepare to start school. University life is very beautiful.”

“By the way, give me the first Ice Dragon whisker. As for the last one the Ice Dragon gave you, you can take it with you first. It’s surrounded by deterrence from an overlord. It might have some special use in the future.”

“Alright.” Shi Yu handed the Ice Dragon Whisk to her.

“I have something for you too.”

After putting away the dragon whisker, something appeared in Lu Qingyi’s hand.

It was a black bracelet.

“What’s this?” Shi Yu was stunned.

“The function of the ruin ring is similar to the ruin bead.”

“The predecessor of this ruin ring is a top-notch legend’s Beast Taming Space. This is a tool assigned to you as an official member of Bureau 11. I’ve told you before.”

“There’s an index prepared for you inside, as well as a certificate for an official member of Bureau 11.”

“From today onwards, you’re an official member of Bureau 11.”

Lu Qingyi had long prepared everything, but she didn’t expect that she could pass it to Shi Yu so quickly.

Shi Yu looked at the ruin ring and instantly felt that he was about to take off.

Then, Lu Qingyi added something that made Shi Yu even more excited.

“By the way, the index also contains a special meditation method.”

“This is a meditation method improved by the founder of Bureau 11. Only official members of Bureau 11 can learn it. Beast Tamers need to meditate in the ruins space. The efficiency of meditation is several times higher than normal meditation. Remember to use this meditation to learn. Your Beast Taming Space level should be able to increase a little faster.”

You should have said so earlier!

Shi Yu felt that this was what he needed!

Shi Yu took the ruin ring and said with anticipation, “This meditation method can also use resources such as the Space Spirit Stone to assist in cultivation.”

“Of course.” Lu Qingyi said, “As long as there are enough resources, maybe you can reach level three in the Beast Taming Space before school starts.”

“It’s easier before level three. And it’s harder after level three. However, after graduation, if you have enough resources and enough cultivation time, you might be able to reach level six in the Beast Taming Space.”

“Senior, what level was the Beast Taming Space when you graduated from university?”

“Level five,” Lu Qingyi said.

“She reached the master level in university?” Shi Yu thought to himself. As expected of someone who also cheated.

“Yes, I was still weak at that time. There were relatively few ruins that I could explore, so it wasn’t the time for my strength to rise…”

Human language?

The corners of Shi Yu’s mouth twitched. Becoming a master after graduating from university, this was still called not reaching the explosive stage of strength?

Shi Yu quickly fell into deep thought. Speaking of which, Senior Lu was from Ancient Capital University, right?

“Senior, have you participated in the National League? The one that Senior White Brook mentioned…”

Even with Lu Qingyi, Ancient Capital University had never gotten first place?

“I was pulled by the principal to participate once, but I lost to a monster from the Imperial Capital University.”

Lu Qingyi said helplessly, “Why do you have to mention that? Hurry up and go back. I have to do business too.”

“You don’t have to worry about the Ice Dragon Ruins.”

“Alright.” Shi Yu still wanted to trouble himself. He didn’t have the strength to trouble himself.

If he wanted to think about the Ice Dragon Ruins, he might as well think about how to avenge his senior and sweep through Imperial Capital University. This was more realistic.

…

After leaving the snow mountain and separating from the others, Shi Yu went straight home.

Just as Lu Qingyi said, whatever happened after that was none of his business.

At this moment, Shi Yu had already satisfied his curiosity. It was very comfortable, but he wasn’t completely satisfied.

Now, he wanted to know how the first generation of the Dong Huang Dynasty was destroyed when the Shi Emperor was so impressive and had so many experts under him.

The capital of the Dong Huang Dynasty was the ancient capital. He felt that after school started, he might be able to take a look at the relevant ruins.

As for now, the most important task was to move.

After getting the new ruins space, Shi Yu took a look and immediately understood the difference between the two ruins.

The size of the ruin ring was almost several times that of the ruin pearl.

The amount of energy inside, the strength of the space, and the speed at which it absorbed energy from the outside world were completely incomparable to the ruins.

“Wuu wuu!!” “Ji ji ji!!” “Yiya yiya!!”

Compared to the environment of the ruins pearl, the three pets also clearly liked the ring space with more energy.

After Shi Yu threw them in, the three of them immediately got high.

Upon seeing this, Shi Yu was enlightened.

“Alright, Ruin Bead, you’re useless.”

“Be good and stay in Ping Cheng to become the breeding base for giant pandas.”

In the training villa, Shi Yu immediately started moving things.

The most important items, the Space Spirit Stone and the Ice Dragon Whisker, were all moved to the ruin ring by Shi Yu. In an instant, the ruin bead was completely desolate.

Initially, Shi Yu wanted to immediately inform Old Lin and Old Feng to come and collect it, but considering that they were definitely busy dealing with the Ice Dragon Ruins, he wasn’t in a hurry. He would talk about it later.

At the same time, Shi Yu looked at the Eleven Bureau’s official identification documents and the box containing the index.

Shi Yu didn’t care about documents. He didn’t want to see his handsome face anymore. He was tired of it.

He opened the box and took out the cell phone model index.

It was a very ordinary-looking silver-white cell phone. There were also two invisible lenses in the box.

This mirror shard could make Shi Yu feel like he was looking at a virtual reality video. He instantly knew the information about all the pets and spiritual plants in front of him, as if he was using an omniscient hack.

In addition, through this, he could also control the growth of the pet’s energy at any time and place.

Shi Yu did not wear the lens first. Instead, he chose to turn the index on. He picked up the index and pressed the switch. The screen slowly lit up.

The next moment, Shi Yu revealed an unhappy expression.

A pleasant female voice came from the index…

[Archeological Type 1111 intelligent index [unnamed] is at your service. Please enter the opening password.]

“F*ck, why is he naming things again?”