Chapter 148 - Returning To The Ancient Capital

Chapter 148: Returning to the Ancient Capital

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

When his meditation speed increased and he could make the Beast Taming Space have changes every second, Shi Yu felt that he had fallen in love with the feeling of meditation.

As long as he worked hard for a few days, his strength would immediately take a qualitative leap. It was completely different from the feeling of needing to bitterly cultivate and meditate for a year and a half to gain something.

The former could make one unable to sleep all night, while the latter would only make one want to work hard more and more.

However, after Shi Yu’s meditation speed increased, the energy consumption of the Ethereal Stone increased faster when he used the Ethereal Spirit Stone to assist in his cultivation.

At this rate, he didn’t know if these Ethereal Stones could last until he reached level four in the Beast Taming Space.

“How am I going to do this…”

Shi Yu didn’t care about the consumption of the Ethereal Stone. Compared to the evolution materials, the current consumption of the Ethereal Stone was nothing.

At this moment, as he strengthened the Beast Taming Space, Shi Yu studied the foundation of all Beast Tamers.

When the Beast Taming Space reached level seven, it was said that the Beast Taming Space would undergo a qualitative change, producing some special abilities.

For example, the “etherealization” mastered by Shi Yu was one of the standard abilities used by legendary Beast Tamers with the help of the Beast Taming Space.

These abilities were not awakened by oneself, but developed by generations of Beast Tamers.

For example, the method of separating the Beast Taming Space from the body and transforming it into a mystic realm space and sealing space was developed by the Beast Tamers themselves.

Therefore, there were actually many secrets hidden in the Beast Taming Space. To a curious person like Shi Yu, he also wanted to research special abilities to play with.

“I don’t have high expectations. I just hope that you can mature a little more by yourself. It’s fine even if you’re slower. Don’t keep making me meditate. I can still take it now, but when my level is higher… No one wants to do this all day…” Shi Yu advised his Beast Taming Space.

He, Shi Yu, had to study this ability and benefit all the Beast Tamers.

…

“Aiyo, Brother Shi Yu, you’re really my lucky star!!”

After busying himself with the matters regarding the Ice Dragon Ruins, President Feng hurriedly pulled Lin Hongnian along to visit Shi Yu.

When he learned that Shi Yu had directly assigned the ruins pearl to Ping Cheng through his identity as Division 11, President Feng immediately teared up.

It was good to have someone close in his city. If it was handed to the Archeological Association, how could it be distributed so quickly?

He didn’t dote on Shi Yu for nothing.

President Feng, who was in a suit and leather shoes, rubbed his hands excitedly. He felt that he wasn’t far from being promoted. Once Ping Cheng developed, would he still have to worry about not being able to advance? Once he advanced, would he still have to worry about not being able to raise his Beast Taming level?

“Old Lin, I think Shi Yu’s suggestion is pretty good. How about we work together to turn Ping Cheng into a village of iron-eating beasts?”

“With a mystic realm as the foundation, it will be very effective in two to three years. At that time, Ping Cheng’s economic development level might not reach the standard of a second-level city, but there’s still hope for them to survive in Icefield City.”

Hall Master Lin, who was pulled over by President Feng, was very realistic. “I don’t want to talk about dreams with you. I only want to talk about money now. After the benefits are distributed, everything can be discussed.”

Many parties in Ping Cheng would definitely be able to cooperate and win. However, the problem now was that everyone wanted the most benefits.

President Feng’s expression fell. “Old Lin, you’ve changed. You’re no longer the man who gave up everything for the Iron-eating Beast.”

Lin Hongnian: “Then you don’t know how much the evolution of the Iron-eating Beast costs. I don’t have the money for my daughter’s evolution materials yet, nor do I have the money for my wife’s Iron-eating Beast evolution materials… My future grandchildren…”

“I’m doing this for Ping Cheng! Have you forgotten how we protected Ping Cheng during the beast tide back then? Don’t you want Ping Cheng to become better?”

“It doesn’t matter if Ping Cheng is good or not. They’re all ingrates. Even if we nurture talents, we can’t keep them in the district. The extra resources might as well be given to Old Wang, Old He, and the rest of the strengthening clans.” Hall Master Lin was very open-minded.

“Then it’s settled. When the time comes, the bulk of the money will be used to strengthen the Beast Taming Troops. It’s not bad to increase our military strength.” President Feng and Hall Master Lin spoke one after another, making Shi Yu, who was drinking tea beside them, speechless.

“Uncle Feng, Uncle Lin, maybe you guys should go back to discuss that…” Shi Yu wanted to see them out.

They could distribute them however he wanted. Shi Yu wanted to rely on his shares in the breeding base to give Eleven some food.

“We all agree that we should get an Iron-eating Beast Knight statue as a scenic spot. What do you think?” The two of them looked at Shi Yu. After Shi Yu became a legendary Beast Tamer, this would be a holy land…

Shi Yu: “?”

“I’ll sue you for violating my portrait rights.”

“There’s an endorsement fee.” Old Feng said, “A lot.”

Shi Yu’s eyelids twitched. “Not even if it’s a lot. This concerns my reputation…”

A moment later.

Shi Yu sent the two away with a righteous expression.

After sending them away, Shi Yu was worried. He kept feeling that the two of them were unreliable.

The one who he felt was the most reliable was still Senior Panda. Shi Yu heard that she directly contacted her maternal grandmother’s clothing factory before the release of the Iron-eating Beast’s evolutionary paper and mass produced various panda clothes…

It was fine if she couldn’t afford the Iron-eating Beast. There were also the Iron-eating Beast toys and the Iron-eating Beast clothing here to sell. Senior Panda was really an understanding person.

“It’s a long road to turn the Iron-eating Beast into Dong Huang’s national treasure pet.”

First, he would build an Iron-eating Beast Village and make Ping Cheng a big tourist city. This was the first step. Then, he would increase the upper limit of the individual achievement of a certain Iron-eating Beast. This mission belonged to Eleven, and this was the second step. As for the third step, it was to let all Iron-eating Beasts have the evolution path of an overlord race…

Letting the Iron-eating Beast become a new national treasure was also an insignificant wish of Shi Yu, a transmigrator from the Heaven Dao. Apart from wanting to know all the broken history, he didn’t have any big dreams. He could only use these boring nurturing goals to fill his empty heart.

…

Two days later.

Shi Yu, who was still in Ping Cheng previously, had returned to the ancient capital.

This time, he wasn’t prepared to go back in the short term.

After returning to the ancient capital, Shi Yu first found Director Li.

In the department head’s room, Director Li handed a student card to Shi Yu with a smile.

“Student Shi Yu, guess how many credits there are?”

“5,000?”

Shi Yu and Chief Physician Li were pretty close now. They did not treat him as outsiders. They sat down and chatted with him.

When new students entered the school, the school would allocate basic credits.

Using credits, students could exchange for various resources in the school’s resource bank or open training facilities.

At that time, Senior Panda and the others had told Shi Yu that if the first place in the vocation assessment entered Ancient Capital University, he would be able to get at least tens of millions of resources.

The ratio of credits in Ancient Capital University was about 10,000 for one credit.

Therefore, Shi Yu estimated that 5,000 credits could be exchanged for 50 million resources in the resource bank.

This resource… could slightly solve the pressing problems.

“Too few!” Chief Li’s face was squeezed into a pile.

“8,000?”

“No!”

“A total of 10,000 yuan.” Chief Li said, “Are you surprised? Are you surprised?”

“Apart from the credits allocated for the professional assessment, you also have a scholarship when you jointly discovered the evolution of the iron-eating beast in the archeology of the Ancient Capital University.”

Shi Yu: “Oh.”

Director Li: “?”

“Why don’t you look happy at all?”

Shi Yu said, “Yes, I’m very happy.”

He was happy, but not completely. The Nine-tailed Fox Heart in the resource warehouse was worth 15,000 credits, and the Tears of the Void was worth 18,000 credits, but he still couldn’t afford it.

Including the 10,000 credits, the assets he could use to prepare the insect evolution materials should be close to 130 million…

It was still not enough. He felt that he had to raise at least 300 million to meet the requirements of the insect’s evolution materials.

One was a spiritual-type, while the other was a spatial-type.

However, the problem wasn’t very big. Putting aside whether the worm needed resources of this level, Shi Yu had already found a way out if resources of this level were suitable for it to absorb.

He had heard that the rich overlord of the Resource Chamber, the Gem Cat, was very rich. Moreover, it liked to collect strange things. The price was very high. Shi Yu planned to sell a bunch of worm silk when the time came. He really couldn’t afford so many pets. Now, as expected, he still had to use pet labor.

Director Li: “Sigh, you young people… don’t have any concept of money anymore.”

“When I was in college, my dad gave me 10 million yuan for my living expenses. I was so happy for a long time.”

Shi Yu :”…”

Damn rich second-generation heir.

School had yet to officially start, and the new students from all over the world had yet to arrive at school. With the help of his connections, Shi Yu obtained the student card in advance and the key to his dormitory.

Although the Iron-eating Beast Research Institute was not small, each student’s individual dormitory was not bad…

The size and luxuriousness were basically not inferior to Shi Yu’s training villa in Ping Cheng. It could be said that the school had specially prepared a training villa for each student. This was also to facilitate the students’ interaction with their pets.

The reason why the total area of Ancient Capital University was not inferior to the area of a city in Ping Cheng was this.

With a new place to stay, Shi Yu decided not to squeeze into the Iron-eating Beast Research Institute. He directly moved all the things from Ping Cheng here, planning to treat this place as his new home.

“Huh?”

“Ji?”

“Yi?”

As he walked through the maze-like Ancient Capital University dormitory area, Shi Yu finally found his super dormitory after a long time. He pulled Eleven, Worm, and Ginseng Baby out of the ruins with a sense of relief.

There was also a pile of daily necessities moved from Ping Cheng. They were also thrown out of the ruins space.

“Alright, it’s your turn to work. I have to meditate to build a home for you. I’ll take care of everyone, while you take care of the family.”

Eleven, Worm, Ginseng Baby :”…”

Eleven looked at Buggy. This time, Buggy looked at Baby Ginseng. Although their language was different previously, after its hard work, Baby Ginseng could roughly understand what it and Eleven meant.

“Ji! (Don’t forget to make your new home fragrant with sweet aura.)” Buggy gestured as he used his worm silk to make an emoticon for Baby Ginseng.

“Wuuu!! (All the best, this is also a part of cultivation!)” Eleven encouraged. Everyone had gone through this before.

Ginseng Baby: “QAQ, I’ll remember this”, it thought.

Therefore, when a new teammate joined the team, it could order others around.

At the same time, in the dormitory, Shi Yu had just pulled open the curtains. Before he could sit down and rest, his cell phone suddenly rang. He took a look and saw that it was Dean Hao of the Mechanical Academy. It was this person who had completed the evolution equipment of Hall Master Lin and the other three Iron-eating Beast Tamers.

Shi Yu picked up the call, and Director Hao’s voice immediately came from the other side.

“Shiyu, the mineral materials have all been prepared. Next, it’s up to your design requirements. Do you have any ideas?”

“Yes, yes, I just prepared it yesterday.. I’ll send you the design plan now,” Shi Yu said.