Chapter 149 - Contracting Ginseng Baby

Chapter 149: Contracting Ginseng Baby

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

As school approached, Shi Yu and Eleven discussed the appearance of the evolution equipment overnight.

In the end, they unanimously decided not to use fancy wings, shields, and other equipment.

In fact, the most important reason was that apart from having strong defense and high hardness, the evolution armor had no other special properties.

Even if he got a pair of wings, it would be flashy without substance. It wouldn’t be of any help. It wouldn’t really be able to fly like a bird.

This might also be the reason why in the historical video Shi Yu had seen, the iron-eating beasts’ armor only protected their weaknesses.

“Sigh, in the end, I’m still poor. The materials are limited.” After Shi Yu sent the evolution blueprint to Dean Hao, he felt a sense of sorrow.

In the end, it wasn’t that they didn’t want to be fancy, but the funds didn’t allow it.

Otherwise, wouldn’t it be cool to set up two cannon barrels to release super electromagnetic cannons? It looked like he could only use hardening substances to simulate it later.

1

In fact, there was another important reason. It was because Eleven’s battle style was too fancy.

Eleven didn’t like to fight with weapons and shields. Instead, it liked to fight in close combat with fists. Compared to the super electromagnetic cannon, it preferred the profundities of Thunder Armor.

Considering Eleven’s battle style, perhaps it was more suitable for a full-body armor.

In the end, Shi Yu combined the armor structure of Master Lin and the others’ Iron-eating Beasts, as well as the image of the Runic Battle Bear, Battle Tyrannosaurus, Mechanical Bull, Mecha Super Dream, and Iron Man in his mind. He tried his best to design an evolution equipment that matched its battle style.

However, Shi Yu still hoped that there would be some leftover materials that could be used as weapons for super-electromagnetic cannons for Eleven.

At the moment, Eleven was of the metal element. However, due to the growth potential of the Maximum Level Hardening, Shi Yu planned to shape its second attribute in the future, thunder element.

Let it cultivate the Electromagnetic Force, one of the four basic powers of the universe. This was very suitable for the metal element. When the time came, it would be invincible if Eleven could replicate a super-level thunder skill like “Heavenly Frost Cold” that could modify the power of lightning.

“Dean Hao, how long will it take to complete this set of equipment?” After a while, Shi Yu returned a call to Dean Hao.

The other side pondered for a moment and estimated. “I’ll try to finish it for you before school starts, but do you really plan to multiply the iron-eating beast and have it wear huge armor…”

“Yes.”

Dean Hao thought that young people these days were really rich. This was the cost of one billion evolution materials.

Perhaps after evolution, the iron-eating beasts would become a high-level monarch race, approaching the level of overlords!

“I’ll inform you when the time comes,” Dean Hao said.

With such a large amount of materials, it would take him a lot of effort to create armor even with the support of a mechanical life form.

“Thank you very much.” Shi Yu kept thanking him. He might be able to see Eleven evolve before school started.

Shi Yu looked forward to it a little.

Training… The most important thing now was still training.

After entrusting the matter of the evolution equipment to Ancient Capital University, Shi Yu began to meditate wholeheartedly again.

About five days later.

Under the strengthening of his meditation, more than half of Shi Yu’s gray Beast Taming Space Barrier began to turn white.

This meant that the strength of his Beast Taming Space had already touched the threshold of level three!

Shi Yu was in a good mood and continued to cultivate in peace.

Two days later.

Shi Yu cultivated in seclusion for a week in the dormitory of Ancient Capital University.

On this day, he slowly opened his eyes and took a deep breath. He didn’t expect everything to go so smoothly.

With multiple buffs, his meditation efficiency was almost ten times higher!

“It’s finally upgraded.”

Shi Yu was extremely excited when he sensed the huge increase in his physique again.

The Beast Taming Space was level three!

This meant that his upper limit of physique had increased again. With the additional points later, it probably meant that his physique would soon be comparable to a transcendent ferocious beast!

Apart from that, he could finally contract the ginseng baby.

After the contract, his physical recovery speed would be directly improved by the ginseng baby. It would be easier and more efficient!!

The combination of the two was a very important transformation for him. It also meant that he could already afford Eleven and Worm evolution!

“Where’s Baby Ginseng?” Shi Yu looked for Baby Ginseng in the ruins space through the ruin ring on his wrist.

At this moment, Baby Ginseng was still practicing the Energy Fruit skill.

Under its training and Shi Yu’s additional points, it could already control the amount of energy fruits well. It could create large and small bombs at will, so that it wouldn’t accidentally blow itself and its opponent up in the arena.

During the week of Shi Yu’s meditation, because of the presence of the baby ginseng, his mental state was better, so he added a few more points.

< Name > Ginseng Baby

[Skill]: Sweet Air (Transcendent), High Speed Healing (Perfect), Nutrition (Expert), Earth Chain (Transcendent), Source of Life (Initiate), Multiplication (Expert), Absolute Sleep (Expert), Energy Fruit (Proficient)

He had brought Baby Ginseng’s sweet aura to perfection, and the Energy Fruit to proficient.

After that, Baby Ginseng’s energy directly exceeded Eleven!

The racial skill at the level of “Dao Proficiency” was still quite a big increase in energy.

If he also raised a certain species skill point of the Ginseng Baby to the level of “Dao Proficiency”, Shi Yu really suspected that its energy value would directly break through 10,000 and reach the commander rank standard.

At the moment, the transcendent-grade sweet gas did not increase Shi Yu’s recovery effect much, but it could be manufactured into perfume and spices to sell for money. Shi Yu even wanted to maximize the selling price of the nutrients so that the whole family could work together to buy evolution materials for Buggy.

“Yi??”

At this moment, Baby Ginseng, who was burying fruit landmines and trying out various ways to use the Energy Fruit, saw Shi Yu enter and stood up curiously.

“Dig them all out.” Shi Yu’s face was speechless. “Don’t casually plant land mines at home.”

“Yi!!” Baby Ginseng patted its chest. Don’t worry, even if he stepped on it, it wouldn’t explode. This was a time bomb.

“Even so, dig it out!”

Ginseng Baby: QAQ Yes.

After Baby Ginseng finished handling all the Energy Fruits, Shi Yu sighed slightly.

It was so difficult to take care of the baby. A Beast Tamer might die from carelessness.

He took a look at the skill index. Transcendent skills still couldn’t be taught. He couldn’t help but sigh even more. He would look again when his physique was maxed out.

At the next moment.

Shi Yu and Baby Ginseng’s gazes met.

Shi Yu took a deep breath and said, “Are you ready?”

“Yiya?? (What for?)” Baby Ginseng was stunned.

“What else could it be? A contract!”

At this moment, Shi Yu looked at the Beast Taming Space in his brain.

It was a world with a white crystal wall and a sea of clouds inside.

Hu hu ~ ~

As Shi Yu communicated with the Beast Taming Space, countless light dots flickered in front of him. A white array that looked like a star map appeared above the baby ginseng!

“Wuuu!!!” “Ji ji ji!!”

At the same time, Eleven and Buggy rushed over from the distance of the ruins excitedly.

As Shi Yu’s contracted pets, they had long sensed Shi Yu’s breakthrough.

Shi Yu could obtain considerable benefits from their growth. Similarly, when Shi Yu broke through, their growth upper limit could also be increased!

“Wuu!! (Don’t resist.)”

“Ji! (Cheering)”.

As they were familiar with the process of the contract, Eleven and Buggy immediately reminded the confused baby ginseng after running over.

“Just relax.” Shi Yu smiled.

Next, like Eleven and Buggy, pleased to meet your acquaintance.

In the next second, countless weak light spots flowed out of the formation and wrapped around Baby Ginseng, about to cover it!

“Yi! (Come on!)”

After understanding it roughly, Baby Ginseng called out with a determined expression.

After being contracted, there was no need to worry about the risk of being made into soup.

It very naturally accepted the contract. Its entire body was directly enveloped by white light before gradually turning into fluorescent light, disappearing from the outside world and entering Shi Yu’s Beast Taming Space!

The third pet, Baby Ginseng, was successfully contracted!

Shi Yu happily looked at the ginseng baby in the space. He had already sensed its feedback to his physique after contracting the ginseng baby.

However, the most important thing was that there were five more blank pages in the skill index!

Now, it was a total of 20 pages!

Apart from the deleted Worm Silk, Hardening, and Thunder Palm, there were 15 recorded skills.

They were: Deterrence, High Speed Healing, Supervision, Absolute Sleep, Multiplication, Plant Control, Illusion, Inner Power, Instant Transmission, Space Shackles, Concealment, Earth Chain, Sweet Air, Heavenly Frost Cold Energy, and Energy Fruit.

Also, five blank pages were ready and he could replicate new skills at any time.

“Come out.” Next, Shi Yu summoned the ginseng baby that he had just contracted from the Beast Taming Space.

At this moment, for the three pets, Baby Ginseng, Eleven, and Worm could also understand each other’s language through telepathy.

The ginseng baby that had just come out of the Beast Taming Space was still not used to it.

“Yi?”

“Wuu!” “Ji!”

“Yi!!”

After the three pets communicated, they were instantly very excited.

Shi Yu also smiled. At the same time, he felt that he could start a new round of point upgrades.

“But it’s been a week. I’ve already leveled up while I’m at it. Isn’t the armor done by Dean Hao yet?” Shi Yu suddenly remembered Eleven’s evolution equipment.

“Director Hao should be quite busy recently, let’s wait a little longer.”

It had been three days since he left the academy, and many new students had already come to the ancient capital.

As the dean of the Mechanical College, Dean Hao must be very busy. Shi Yu thought for a moment and took out his student card. He decided to replicate a new skill for Baby Ginseng first.

Next, it was time to do high-intensity points again. He took a fancy to a recovery and attack skill, which was very suitable for baby ginseng.

At the same time, it could also fill in the defects of the wood attribute energy fruit.

Many pets raised in the plant garden of Ancient Capital University knew this skill. Shi Yu felt that he could replicate it after walking around.

This ability was the storage beam of a light-type skill that was very compatible with plant-type pets.

Skill: Energy Storage Beam

Skill Level: Intermediate

< Introduction > It’s a light element skill. It can store light in the body and transform light into physical strength or light.

Shi Yu planned to teach this skill to the ginseng baby as well.

Firstly, he could have an additional recovery method that would allow him to move eternally and freeload more of his natural strength. Secondly, he could also have an additional attack skill.

This was another practical skill that could be used both ways. However, in terms of attack, it might be a little useless.

For non-elemental pets, because light energy was not easy to accumulate, it also needed time to change. It would take about ten seconds to charge up and attack once. The combat value was low, and like the Earth Chain, it relied on the environment.

Even if it was trained to the perfect level, under the sun, the accumulated energy beam attack needed to be converted for a few seconds. It was very slow.

However, this was not a problem for Shi Yu. If the proficiency had reached transcendent. Was there a need to be afraid that it could not shoot beams instantly?

“After learning it, will Baby Ginseng have more flash bombs other than ordinary bombs…”