Chapter 157 - Eleven’S New Race Skill

Chapter 157: Eleven’s New Race Skill

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

“Shi Yu??”

Shi Yu fell into deep thought for a moment. Lin Hongnian asked, “How is it?”

“It’s fine.” Shi Yu recovered and looked at Eleven.

“Looks like Eleven can’t either. Let’s try again in the future.”

“But the function of the inscription is already very clear. Every inscription should be able to awaken a new racial skill.”

“As for the conditions for activating new racial skills, it’s still unknown if a second evolution will occur during the activation of new racial skills,” Shi Yu said.

When Shi Yu finished speaking, the other three were shocked.

He could even awaken new racial skills?

Generally speaking, only when pets evolved, mutated, or obtained special bloodlines could they awaken new racial skills.

Nine inscriptions could do this? What exactly was this inscription!?

Of course, Shi Yu felt that it was definitely not as simple as nine inscriptions. It might still be related to full-strength hardening.

He already had a guess.

Maximum hardening could absorb the nature of other metal minerals and transform them into hardness.

But this nature, in essence, was a simulated external force and not its real strength. Eleven didn’t completely digest it.

Could it be that this kind of inscription could permanently engrave the special metal nature of the iron-eating beast in its bloodline and become a racial skill?

Each inscription represented a special metal. Only specific metals that were compatible with the Iron-eating Beasts could form new racial skills…

If that was the case…

Shi Yu’s heart skipped a beat. There were so many special metals in the world. If there was no exact route, even if he was the richest man in the ancient capital, he didn’t have the capital to slowly test it.

Of course, it was also possible that this wasn’t speculation. It was impossible to continue inscribing inscriptions now, or Eleven’s growth level might not have reached the standard.

Sometimes, evolution had requirements for the growth stage. The most typical was that some pet races with the word “monarch” had to grow to the level of monarch to evolve.

“That white light just now really made me think that it wanted to evolve into a second stage.”

Dean Hao took a deep breath. He didn’t know what to feel now.

Lin Hongnian and Lin Xiuzhu were both happy and disappointed. They were happy that the inscription had such a special effect, but they were disappointed that there was no iron-eating beast that could engrave the inscription.

However, Eleven being able to carve half of it and detect the effect of the inscription was already a huge breakthrough.

Perhaps if Shi Yu was given a little more time, he could really fulfill all the conditions?

“Let’s study it slowly.” Although Shi Yu was anxious, he knew that there was no other way. Moreover, Eleven’s current state already satisfied him.

“Yeah.” Everyone nodded. Haste makes waste.

“Let’s see Eleven’s newly awakened racial skill first,” Shi Yu said.

Then, he looked at Eleven.

“Wuu.”

White light flickered on Eleven’s body, and it immediately recovered to less than a meter tall, becoming its original appearance.

Surprisingly, during this process, its eyes also returned to the black color of ordinary iron-eating beasts.

The super skill Inner Power, restrained state!

“Ji…”” Yi…” As Eleven became smaller and its armor disappeared, Buggy and Baby Ginseng showed aggrieved expressions.

Eleven in this state was more intimate.

The evolution form was too powerful.

They had heard that there were more than 80,000 energy points. This was too exaggerated.

After they evolved and broke through, could their energy level also increase ten times like this?

Buggy calculated his own and felt that it should increase by 20 times. It didn’t seem very high to increase it by 10 times. Damn it.

“Eleven, Electric Magnetic Floating.”

Shi Yu gave the order. Eleven immediately nodded.

Blue-white electric arcs shot out around its body, producing faint blue electric light. In this state, its body slowly floated up.

“Electric magnetic levitation—” Hall Master Lin and Senior Panda revealed envious expressions. It was really good that he could fly.

Because it was a racial skill that had just been awakened, Eleven was not very proficient. Perhaps after his whole body hardened, it could be improved with the special nature of the current hardening, but there was still a long way to go before he could reach the flying skill of that wind-element pet.

Of course, this was normal. The abnormality was that Shi Yu had the ability to immediately add points to the skill level.

At that time, he would directly use electromagnetic levitation and not use the super electromagnetic cannon at all.

Perhaps it could even turn into a super-electromagnetic bear and launch itself.

If his growth level was higher, it might even be able to pull down the meteors in the sky!

2

“Wuuu!!!”

After flying casually twice, Eleven landed excitedly and clapped crazily. Then, it looked at Buggy and Baby Ginseng.

Did you see that? It could fly by itself.

In the future, he would handle the Wuji Airlines battle strategy himself.

“Ji…” Buggy cried. Their feelings had faded. It didn’t want Buggy anymore after learning a new skill.

Was this electromagnetic force as handsome as the illusionary wings?

It seemed like it really was. Buggy was depressed.

“Yi!!” Baby Ginseng patted the worm. “It’s alright, Eleven doesn’t want you anymore, but you have me.”

Baby Ginseng expressed that it also wanted to grow wings and fly. When the time came, they would be the air force. If Buggy brought it along to fly, it would throw energy fruits from the sky. Wouldn’t it be better to bombard the sky?

“Ji!!” Buggy nodded. Alright, alright!

Their “Yiji Oneshot” combination would definitely be stronger than the “Wuji Airlines” combination. They’d destroy the enemy!

1

Ignoring the theater of Worm and Ginseng Baby, Eleven, under Shi Yu’s instructions, planned to see the combination of storage lightning and Inner Power

“I’ll leave the rest to you,” Shi Yu said to Dean Hao.

“It’s nothing.” Dean Hao laughed and immediately summoned the formation.

Previously, Dean Hao had summoned a monarch-level and high-level commander-level laser sword to help Master Lin inscribe inscriptions.

However, the laser sword was a combination of machinery and light. This time, Dean Hao clearly planned to summon another pet!

Boom!

Lights flashed.

In the next moment, a huge body nearly five meters tall appeared from the summoning light.

It was a huge purple mecha. It was tall and handsome with the appearance of a human. It was very similar to the Gundam in Shi Yu’s childhood impression.

“Purple Electric Mecha?” Shi Yu quickly saw the racial information of this mechanical pet through the index.

< Name > Purple Electric Mecha

[Attributes]: Machinery, Thunder

[Race Level]: High Class Monarch

[Level of Growth]: Monarch Level

[Race Skill]: Electricity, Energy Wings, Energy Shield, Thunderbolt, King’s Spear, Electromagnetic Interference, Purple Thunder Core

Energy Points: 1779648

“Gulp.” Shi Yu gulped and said, “1.7 million energy points??”

“Uh.” Dean Hao glanced at Shi Yu and laughed. “A very high-level detector.”

It could actually detect the energy value of the Purple Electric Mecha. It seemed that Bureau 11 had equipped Shi Yu with pretty good equipment.

“But it doesn’t look like a mechanical life form. Do you want me to upgrade it into a mechanical life form?”

“No need, no need.” Shi Yu hurriedly said, “I don’t have that intention for the time being.”

To turn the index into an AI, he would have to add points together with the three other pets. Shi Yu was not mentally prepared.

In addition, wasn’t the mecha cool?

Shi Yu, Lin Hongnian, and Senior Panda looked at the tall mecha in shock.

“Dean Hao, during battle, can Beast Tamers also enter the mecha?” Shi Yu asked.

“That’s right,” Dean Hao confirmed. “Although it isn’t as perfect as the Fusion Talent, the higher-level mecha are all installed with the Beast Taming Talent Connection System and the nutrition system. It can allow the pet to more perfectly connect to the Beast Tamer’s Beast Taming Talent and allow the Beast Tamer to maintain the optimal state at all times.”

“Of course, the value of this mechanical life…” Dean Hao smiled.

Mechanical pets were definitely the most expensive pets.

A complete Sovereign mechanical suit had a terrifying price. Even if it was a non-machine life form, the cost of building it was hundreds of millions. In comparison, the evolution materials of the iron-eating beasts were nothing compared to the expensive Mechanics.

“Wuu!” Eleven looked at this cold big guy and felt that its own armor was not as handsome as it.

Buggy and Baby Ginseng’s eyes lit up, especially Buggy. They felt that this thing wasn’t inferior to a dragon.

It wanted to try transforming into this tomorrow. Its eyes lit up when it saw Shi Yu, intending to curry favor with the Beast Tamer.

Determined Buggy.

However, what made Shi Yu most envious was actually not the Purple Electric mecha.

It was this guy’s super skill, Purple Thunder Core.

Skill: Purple Thunder Core

[Level]: Super Level

< Introduction > It’s a dual skill of both machinery and thunder. It can transform ordinary lightning energy into purple lightning.

Through the index, Shi Yu only saw a very simple introduction. However, although this introduction didn’t go into detail, the description was too similar to the Heavenly Frost Cold Energy. They both converted ordinary energy into a higher-level energy!!

The power of the purple lightning definitely far exceeded lightning of the same level!

Unfortunately, this thing had the word ‘core’ and a mechanical attribute. Shi Yu really didn’t dare to secretly learn it.

Although it was also a thunder-type skill, Eleven might not necessarily have a compatibility score.

“It’s alright. It’s fine if I don’t want the purple lightning. Sooner or later, I’ll get Eleven another super special lightning,” Shi Yu muttered in his heart.

“I wonder what color Eleven likes. Red lightning? Black lightning?”

1

At the moment, super skills were no longer as attractive to him as in the rookie stage. Firstly, he couldn’t teach them, and secondly, his horizons had broadened.

There were still many similar skills.

The flames, lightning, frost, and water in nature weren’t completely the same. Many special elemental energy bodies existed as spiritual objects.

The Heavenly Frost Cold Energy and Purple Thunder were both special energies. Apart from that, there were also many Strange Fire and Strange Water.

After the corresponding pet absorbed this spiritual object, it was possible for it to master new skills.

In fact, not only pets, but also some Beast Tamers’ special talents were special energies of similar forms.

For example, if a Beast Tamer had the talent “Cold Fire”, he could transform the fire power of the pet he contracted into Cold Fire and give it an unbelievable nature.

“Purple Lightning, release lightning at that little Iron-Eating Beast,” Dean Hao said to the purple mecha.

“Wuu!” Eleven took a step back.

It widened its eyes. It had heard it just now.

It had more than 1 million energy points. Did it want it to die?!

“Don’t worry, the other party will definitely control the power. Your storage lightning skill can resist absorbing the lightning from the outside world and store it in your body. As long as the power isn’t strong enough, it’s basically charging you,” Shi Yu said.

“Sob…” Even if Shi Yu said that, Eleven still panicked.

However, it endured.

“Wu! (Come on!)” Restraining Eleven raised his head. Just as he was about to look at the purple lightning mecha, a blue and white electric current had already descended!

It wasn’t purple lightning, but ordinary electricity.

Moreover, the Purple Electric Mecha had weakened a lot of energy, leaving only a trace of energy.

“This discharge is roughly equivalent to the proficient level power of a commander rank thunder-element pet,” said Dean Hao.

Zizizizizi!!!

As soon as he finished speaking, the lightning landed on Eleven.

In the restrained state, it was actually equivalent to sealing the evolution power. Compared to the sharp state, Eleven’s attributes in all aspects were ruthlessly weakened.

The electric shock landed on it. As there were no defensive measures, Eleven cried out in pain.

However, it didn’t seem to hurt that much?

“Wuu!!!” Eleven opened its eyes and opened its mouth as if it was eating lightning. It directly used the lightning to swallow the lightning in its body and store it.

Although storage lightning couldn’t restore physical fitness like storage light beams, storage light beam couldn’t devour violent energy like storage lightning. The two had their own strengths.

After devouring it, Eleven patted its little stomach in satisfaction and looked at the Purple Electric Mecha to indicate that it would do it again.

“Yes.”

Seeing this, Lin Hongnian, the panda senior, Worm, and Baby Ginseng showed shocked expressions.

The power of the discharge just now was actually not small.

Both Buggy and the ginseng baby felt that this lightning could easily heavily injure them.

And Eleven directly swallowed it in its restrained weak state?

Although it was restrained, Eleven’s current physical fitness was still ridiculous!

“Heh.” Dean Hao looked like he knew it. Then, he signaled for the Purple Electric Mecha to continue releasing electricity.

In the next moment, the same powerful but endless electric current fell crazily.

“Wuu!!!” Eleven opened his mouth and tried his best to absorb and store the lightning energy with his body.

One second, two seconds, three seconds…

Ten seconds later, Eleven was still absorbing the lightning energy for storage!!!

“Storage lightning and Inner Power can indeed be combined,” said Shi Yu.

At this moment, he seemed to see a source of stamina like a thunderball in Eleven’s body!!

Eleven’s body had long reached the upper limit of its endurance and could no longer accumulate lightning power.

However, this thunderball was like an independent electrical organ. It took a different route to exceed the limit of Eleven’s body’s endurance and absorbed the external power crazily.

Inner Power+Energy Storage Lightning!

This meant that after Eleven removed its restrained state and entered the sharp state, the total amount of lightning it could release in one go would be several times stronger than its original entry-level lightning accumulation!!

Of course, there was definitely a price to pay, and the body would suffer a huge burden. However, it was still very strong because this also meant that Eleven would become the bane of thunder!

“Not bad, not bad!!!” At this moment, Dean Hao sensed Eleven’s state and said, “By the way, Shi Yu, your Beast Taming Space has reached level three, right?”

“Then did you participate in the assessment and become an intermediate Beast Tamer?”

“Not yet…” Shi Yu said.

“Then do you want to bring it in this state to the Beast Tamer Association to promote yourselfs to Intermediate Beast Tamer?”

“I remember that the promotion requirement seems to be for all pets to last a few minutes in the hands of a commander-level pet.”

1

“Uh.” Shi Yu and the others had strange expressions.

Did he have to have such a bad taste?

Are you sure that Eleven in this state wouldn’t slap the examiner’s pet to death?