Chapter 151 - Stealing The Energy Storage Beam

Chapter 151: Stealing the Energy Storage Beam

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

In the plant garden, in the battle area…

Shi Yu continued walking. In his Beast Taming Space, Baby Ginseng was crying.

“Don’t be anxious.”

Shi Yu smiled and said, “I’ll bring you to find powerful pets.”

This time, with “index” the index, Shi Yu couldn’t be bothered to use Eleven’s super vision.

He directly activated the energy detection function of the index.

In front of his vision, he immediately detected dense energy waves in a large area.

“Energy level 790, trash.”

“Energy value: 1093, boring.”

“Energy value 2195, are there no powerful pets here?”

“Uh, 15843? What the heck is a commander rank even doing here?”

“Eh, I got it. 3033, it’ll be you.” After staying on the spot for a moment, Shi Yu locked onto a pet with an energy fluctuation of about 3033. He planned to bring Baby Ginseng to challenge it.

This value might be a transcendent pet of the monarch race.

Of course, it could also be a commander-type pet that was cultivated better.

Shi Yu pondered for a moment and summoned Baby Ginseng on the spot.

The next moment, the white summoning array appeared in midair. Baby Ginseng fell out and was grabbed by Shi Yu’s hand and placed on his shoulder.

“Yiya!!!”

After sitting in Eleven’s seat, Baby Ginseng was very excited. It moved its little hand forward and let Shi Yu charge forward.

Today was its first battle as a towering emperor. It had to find a worthy opponent.

“Let’s go.”

Shi Yu chuckled. Today, Eleven and Buggy were resting. It was Baby Ginseng’s turn to show off!

It was mainly because if Eleven and Buggy came out, it wouldn’t be as simple as just fighting transcendent creatures.

…

As Shi Yu did not do normal things, this senior who was watching the surveillance cameras directly targeted him.

Regarding Shi Yu sending the Violent Wood Lizard flying with a punch, he first held a wait-and-see attitude. After all, there were too many strange Beast Taming Talents or pet skills.

Soon, as Shi Yu chose to summon his pet, the senior gradually felt that Shi Yu was normal.

“White Formation, Intermediate Beast Tamer.”

“The pet is…”

“Baby Ginseng???”

However, he only felt that Shi Yu was normal for a few seconds. Soon, Shi Yu ignored him again and directly summoned Baby Ginseng over his shoulder in the battle area. The senior didn’t know what to say.

If all of this could still be explained by Shi Yu punching and needing the baby ginseng to replenish his physical strength, then the next scene completely made this senior feel that Shi Yu was really abnormal!

He saw Shi Yu run to the territory of a pet of a battle type…

Moreover, he made Baby Ginseng jump down from his body and confront the pet in front of him.

“F*ck, what’s wrong with this person?”

“Don’t tell me he plans to let Baby Ginseng battle Giant Sunflower!!”

…

“Energy level: 3033…”

After circling around and finding his target, Shi Yu looked at the pet in front of him.

It was a flower-type pet standing on two feet. It was half a meter tall.

It had a green ball root-like body and legs, and a huge golden flower on its head. The flower even emitted a faint light.

At this moment, the huge flower narrowed its eyes. As for its mouth, it grew in the flower. It was a very strange creature.

This creature with a mouth above its eyes looked at the guy who intruded into its territory in surprise.

At this moment, all its information was displayed in front of Shi Yu.

< Name > Giant Sunflower

[Attributes]: Light

[Race Level]: Mid-level commander

[Race Skill]: Flower Dance, Flash, Sun Force, Light Ray, Energy Storage Beam, Sunset

“We’re pretty lucky.”

Shi Yu was overjoyed.

This luck… He came to the plant garden to find pets that had “energy storage beam”.

According to his investigation, there were about five common wild plant pets that could store energy beams in the plant garden. He needed to find them slowly.

And Giant Sunflower just happened to be not among these five types, it could only be said that the heavens were watching over him, directly saving him a lot of time to search.

“Do you want to fight?” Shi Yu invited Giant Sunflower.

If it were other Beast Tamers who weren’t talented in telepathy, they might have directly started fighting.

As for Shi Yu, he was still used to chatting with it first.

This Giant Sunflower should be the pet of a certain senior. Otherwise, it would not have been cultivated to such a high energy level.

“F*ck…”

At this moment, Giant Sunflower heard Shi Yu’s telepathy and was stunned for a moment before nodding.

It didn’t matter. It had come to the battle area to fight. Otherwise, wouldn’t it be better to sleep in the Sunlight area?

However…

Giant Sunflower looked at the excited baby ginseng that jumped down from Shi Yu’s body, looked at the baby ginseng that was showing battle intent towards him, and suddenly felt at a loss.

Was he serious??

The battle didn’t matter, but the opponent…

It wasn’t like it didn’t know what a baby ginseng was!

Let Baby Ginseng fight it???

Giant Sunflower directly showed a disdainful expression, feeling that Shi Yu and Baby Ginseng were fools.

“Yi!! (I’ll attack first!)”

Seeing that Giant Sunflower did not have any battle intent, Baby Ginseng already condensed a small ginseng in its hand.

Under Shi Yu’s instructions, it specially condensed a small one, afraid that the power would be too great and kill the other party.

After all, the energy value of the baby ginseng was more than twice that of the Giant Sunflower. The skills it used were also high-level skills with great lethality…

With its height of more than ten centimeters, one could imagine how small the small ginseng it made was. Just like that, the small ginseng flew directly towards the stunned Giant Sunflower under the throw of the baby ginseng.

“F*ck…”

From this small fruit, Giant Sunflower only sensed fragrance, the kind that could relieve fatigue.

It called out, feeling that it was awesome despite not understanding it.

So, the other party wasn’t here to fight, but to feed it? This wasn’t a zoo either!

At this moment, the senior who was watching the surveillance video was stunned. This skill was so familiar.

It didn’t seem like something a ginseng baby could learn. Instead, it was a skill of the evolution form of a ginseng baby, nutrition!

Shi Yu and the others were indeed here to feed…

The fruit fell beside Giant Sunflower’s feet, but Giant Sunflower still ignored it.

Like its senior, it felt that Baby Ginseng was here to be funny.

But to be honest, this fruit smelled pretty good and was very tempting, making Giant Sunflower swallow its saliva.

Heh, it was no worse than the nutrients it had eaten before.

There was even a unique charm to it.

“F*ck!! (Then I won’t hold back!)”

Giant Sunflower looked at the fruit, seemingly wanting to eat it.

At that moment, Shi Yu and Baby Ginseng fell silent.

Although they had once imagined this strategy…

Shi Yu really didn’t expect that a pet with a Beast Tamer would be so silly to believe it and really plan to eat it.

Was this because it was in a plant garden, so it didn’t think it would be dangerous?

But they had clearly agreed to fight just now!

“Let’s give it a lesson.”

Seeing that Giant Sunflower did not have any sense of crisis, Shi Yu was really helpless.

“Whatever. Destroy!”

In any case, this Giant Sunflower had been in an energy storing state when it walked just now, he could just replicate the skill later. Shi Yu causally ordered.

“Yi!!” Baby Ginseng nodded obediently and looked at the Giant Sunflower.

It quickly detonated it, afraid that Giant Sunflower would eat it.

Although it was only a small amount of energy, if it exploded after being eaten, this Giant Sunflower would not be able to withstand it.

It was better to detonate it outside.

Baby Ginseng thought benevolently.

Boom!!!

The moment Baby Ginseng’s will detonated the fruit, a huge amount of energy rushed out of the fruit. With a loud bang, a surging energy tide spewed out. At this moment, the eyes of the Giant Sunflower, which was still drooling, widened. It felt that its vision was instantly covered by white light, and it was instantly swallowed by countless energy. A powerful force was crazily washing over its body!

“F*ck!!” Its eyes exploded. In the light, it felt its body quickly break apart. The intense pain made its consciousness almost faint.

Giant Sunflower roared unwillingly. It never expected that the nutrients thrown by Baby Ginseng would actually explode.

Damn it, a sinister enemy.

Carrying soaring resentment, Giant Sunflower directly fainted in the huge pit on the spot like a withered flower, losing the ability to fight.

Only rolling white smoke was left with it.

At this moment.

At the battle department academy of Ancient Capital University, a bespectacled boy suddenly looked out the window.

“What happened?”

Sensing that the Giant Sunflower he was raising had instantly lost its ability to fight, he showed a confused expression, directly packing up and heading to the plant garden.

“Did Little Flower challenge some powerful pet again? Being insta-killed… That’s ridiculous. I have to go take a look.”

In the botanical garden.

On this side, the Feeding Department senior who was staring at the surveillance also lost his ability to think like the Giant Sunflower, staring at the screen blankly.

“F*ck!” As the Energy Fruit exploded, he shouted with an incredulous expression.

“Supplement, the supplement exploded, f*king instakilled the Giant Sunflower.”

His shout made everyone look at him in confusion, as if they were looking at a fool.

“Li He, what are you doing?” A girl frowned and looked at him.

“Team Leader, Baby Ginseng… Baby Ginseng… The nutritional substance exploded. This isn’t scientific…”

Everyone: “?”

At the same time, Shi Yu brought Baby Ginseng to the side of the Giant Sunflower and shook his head.

“Baby ginseng, treatment.”

“Yi!” Baby Ginseng obediently stretched out its small hand and released a high-speed healing wave.

The super skill, Origin of Life, coupled with the perfect level healing speed, directly made the injuries of Giant Sunflower recover visibly.

During this process, Shi Yu patted the body of the Giant Sunflower with a worried expression, as if he was educating his child.

“Silly child, didn’t your Beast Tamer tell you not to underestimate any enemy?”

“With your personality, you’ll suffer sooner or later. Today, I’ll give you a lesson. The next time you encounter any opponent, you have to give it your all. Next time, no one will be so kind as to treat you.”

[Recording success]

Skill: Energy Storage Beam

Skill Level: Intermediate

< Introduction > It’s a light element skill. It can store light in the body and transform light into physical strength or light.

During the treatment, Giant Sunflower opened its eyes in a daze. It looked at Baby Ginseng, who was treating it with its small hand, and felt that it was still sleeping.

What happened just now… Who am I, where am I, what is this baby ginseng? Where was its Beast Tamer!