Chapter 158 - Shi Yu’S Advancement Examination

Chapter 158: Shi Yu’s Advancement Examination

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

“Isn’t this too ruthless…”

The panda father and daughter looked at Dean Hao.

Letting the current Shi Yu participate in the Intermediate Beast Tamer assessment?

They felt that this suggestion was a little too much, very much!

Eleven should have very few opponents among commander-level pets at the moment.

Among the same level, the conditions to defeat the current Eleven were very harsh.

At least it had to be an overlord race. The skill proficiency couldn’t be low. Moreover, it was best if the Beast Tamer’s Beast Taming Talent was more violent.

Only then would there be hope of defeating Eleven.

However, how could the pets sent out in the middle-level Beast Tamer’s promotion assessment meet this condition?

Who exactly could last five minutes under whose hands?

“It’s not impossible.”

Shi Yu said after some thought.

Evolution was for showing off. Otherwise, what was the point?

Now that Eleven had just evolved, he also wanted to fight and take a look.

But these people in front of him weren’t suitable.

Dean Hao estimated that there were no pets lower than the monarch level that he couldn’t defeat.

The other two were familiar faces. It wasn’t easy for Eleven to attack them.

“Then let’s do it.”

Dean Hao laughed and said, “In any case, the Beast Tamer Association is close to the school.”

“I’ll call them right away and get them to prepare an exam for you.”

“Alright.” Shi Yu looked bashful.

Then he might as well level up his license.

The money a Intermediate Beast Tamer could get was even more. The school even had credits as a reward. It was a waste not to take it.

“Wuu!!” Eleven also raised its arms to make the lightning stronger.

…

The Beast Tamer Association of Ancient Capital.

At the assessment venue.

The in-charge, Master Qu Jie, unexpectedly received a call.

“Director Hao, why are you so free to call me today?”

In the circles of the ancient capital, these masters were still very familiar with each other.

“Haha, we have a student here who plans to take the Intermediate Beast Tamer Examination.”

“Look if you have time to prepare.”

Master Qu Jie smiled and said, “I’m free anytime. I understand. Should the examiner be more impressive?”

The reason why the examiner was better was not because he wanted to target the candidates, but because it was for the sake of the candidates.

An outstanding examiner must also be an outstanding teacher.

Sending any ordinary commander rank pet to the examination was completely different from carefully choosing a pet to guide the examination.

In any case, the examiner in the intermediate assessment would go easy on the candidates to the normal standard. As for whether the candidates wanted to have a fruitful examination, that was up to the examiner.

“Call your best examiner over.”

Master Qu Jie smiled. It looked like Dean Hao took this student very seriously.

“Which student is it? Do I know?” he asked.

He also knew those genius Beast Tamers from Ancient Capital University.

“It’s Shi Yu.”

“Shi Yu???” Master Qu Jie was stunned.

This kid.

This vocation assessment had not even been a month and he was already here to take the intermediate-level license?

It was really fast!

As the main examiner of Shi Yu’s vocation assessment, Master Qu Jie knew Shi Yu’s abilities.

He indeed had to arrange for a qualified examiner.

“I understand.”

After hanging up, he chuckled. I’ll arrange it.

Forget it, he’ll do it himself!

He had to give enough face for this top scholar of the ancient capital.

No one knew how to guide battles better than him, Master Qu Jie.

He was responsible for the vocation assessment to the master assessment in Ancient Capital. He knew it too well.

…

A moment later.

Shi Yu and the others arrived at the Beast Tamer Association.

After getting out of the car, Shi Yu looked regretful.

Lin Xiuzhu and Master Lin also had looks of regret.

They thought that Dean Hao would bring them here in his mecha.

Driving was boring…

“Hao, Dean Hao?!”

Outside the Beast Tamer Association assessment building.

A curly-haired woman in a white formal suit and holding a folder revealed a shocked expression when she saw Dean Hao, Shi Yu, and the others walking over.

She was arranged by Master Qu Jie to receive her… She originally thought that Shi Yu would be alone, but she didn’t expect there to be someone important!

This dean of the Ancient Capital University’s Mechanical College was a very busy person. Although he was only a top-notch master, his value was not inferior to ordinary legends due to the uniqueness of his Mechanic class.

After all, the current Mechanic class was known as the guardian of humans.

It was the most crucial power to differentiate between the humans of the Seven Nation Alliance and the humans of the totem area.

The woman looked at Shi Yu and sighed. The top scholar of the ancient capital this year was actually so highly regarded.

It was actually Dean Hao who personally came to accompany the assessment… However, shouldn’t Shi Yu enter the Archeology Department? No matter how bad it was, what did it have to do with the Mechanic Department…

“I’m an intern examiner from the assessment department. Hello, Liu Jie, Dean Hao. Hello, Junior Shi Yu. Master Qu Jie asked me to wait outside.”

After putting down her doubts for the time being, Liu Jie immediately welcomed them from afar.

She graduated from Ancient Capital University last year and was now a high-level Beast Tamer. She was very familiar with the school leaders of Ancient Capital University.

“Uh, hello, hello.”

Director Hao and the others were chatting as they walked. When they saw someone coming, they immediately replied.

Beside her, Lin Hongnian glanced at Liu Jie and felt very emotional.

Back then, when he participated in the intermediate assessment, he even registered himself to look for the venue. Shi Yu was still a big deal.

A mid-level assessment made so many people surround it with interest, and there was even someone to receive him!

“Examiner Liu Jie… Are you going to give Shi Yu the assessment next?”

When he saw Liu Jie, Dean Hao asked, “Isn’t this little examiner too young? He doesn’t look much older than Shi Yu and is about the same age as Lin Xiuzhu!”

“No, no. Dean Hao only asked me to pick Junior Shi Yu up. He’s preparing to personally assess Junior Shi Yu.”

As an intern examiner of the assessment hall, Liu Jie had also heard of Shiyu. She couldn’t help but look at this legendary figure with a smile on her face, the Iron-eating Beast Knight…

“That’s good.” Dean Hao smiled.

“That’s good?” Liu Jie was stunned and felt aggrieved. He looked down on her. She was also very good at coaching battles, and this result was nearly full marks, alright?

After receiving so many people at once, Liu Jie panicked a little. She led the crowd to the dedicated examination hall.

During this process, Shi Yu was a little silent.

“Master Qu Jie… is that Master Qu Jie I know? He’ll evaluate me personally?”

“I remember that he’s a top-notch master.”

Ordinary masters were like Lin Hongnian, President Feng, and Commander He. There were only one or two ordinary monarch-level pets.

Top-notch masters referred to experts who could barely fight against overlord-level creatures for a period of time when almost all their pets were at the monarch level.

Could such a big boss take out a commander-level pet for his assessment?

“Master Qu Jie has mastered the special Beast Taming Talent, ‘Strength Seal’. He can seal the power of all his pets to maintain a relatively weak state.”

Liu Jie smiled and said, “It’s no problem to maintain it at the lowest commander level.”

Shi Yu: “Uh.”

This talent was a little useless.

At the side, Dean Hao laughed. “Are you thinking that this talent doesn’t sound very good?”

He said, “Master Qu Jie’s talent is actually quite abnormal.”

“This’ Strength Seal ‘is one of the few skills that can deceive the highest-level energy detector.”

Shrinking couldn’t deceive the energy detector. Even the reserved state of the super skill’s Inner Power couldn’t deceive the top-notch energy detector because of the existence of the stamina source, but this strength seal talent could!

In other words, this was a divine skill of undercover, assassination, and even bait the enemy. Sometimes, even Dean Hao felt that it was a little wasteful to misinterpret this as an examiner’s specialized trait.

And the most impressive thing about this talent was that after deep development, it could seal the power of wild extraordinary creatures and make it easier for him to contract high-level pets!

“I see…” After Shi Yu heard it, he understood. It meant that he would have to face a suspected monarch-level pet that had sealed its strength to commander rank.

What a bully, this intermediate-level assessment! Its level was lowered artificially, but the skill proficiency and experience were still there.

“Don’t worry, the intermediate assessment is actually mainly a guidance battle to test the various qualities of the Beast Tamer.”

Examiner Liu Jie smiled and said to this junior, “Master Qu Jie is a battle instructor. As long as your performance reaches the standard, you’ll pass.”

At this moment, Dean Hao and the panda father and daughter were laughing in their hearts.

Guiding battle? Don’t worry, it was already considered good if he didn’t fail!

…

In the huge specialized examination hall, Master Qu Jie had been waiting for a long time.

When he saw Liu Jie bringing a group of people over, he was stunned.

Dean Hao? And that person… wasn’t he the first Beast Tamer of the Nine Li War Beast, Master Lin Hongnian?

It wasn’t Shi Yu himself, but there were actually so many people.

“Director Hao? Master Lin? And Shi Yu… Why are you guys here too?”

Senior Panda was clearly ignored.

“Isn’t this because not only did Shi Yu break through, but the Iron-eating Beast has also just evolved? Let’s come and watch the show.” Dean Hao smiled and said, “After all, the evolution equipment was made by our Mechanical College.”

“Uh.” Master Qu Jie’s expression turned solemn.

He cursed in his heart.

He looked at the smiling Shi Yu.

Holy shit, that little Metal-eating Beast that could only be worth more than 3,000 was already quite ridiculous.

And now it had evolved?

After evolution, when one reached the level of a monarch race, their energy value would multiply by six to seven thousand.

No, it would definitely be higher. It might even approach ten thousand and reach the pseudo commander rank!!

Apart from that, his physical strength and other qualities were definitely stronger. There were also new skills…

Considering that Shi Yu’s pet’s skill proficiency was also ridiculously high, if he only sealed his pet’s energy level to the commander rank’s minimum requirement of 10,000, this guidance battle would not be easy to guide.

That was because, in theory, Shi Yu had 3VS1 in this battle. Apart from Eleven, Shi Yu could also send two other pets.

Master Qu Jie’s scalp went numb. He understood why Dean Hao said that a powerful examiner was needed.

If the examiner was too trashy, he might even fail in front of a newbie like Shi Yu. It would be embarrassing.

“It’s not a big problem.”

Master Qu Jie laughed and said, “Then watch carefully. How is it, Student Shi Yu? Can we carry out the assessment now?”

Soon, he recovered his calm. It was fine. Even if his pet sealed its strength, it still had a bunch of perfect proficiency skills and other skills with perfect proficiency.

The skill proficiency was at least higher than Shi Yu’s new pet.

Even if it was one against three pseudo commanders, he could still win 100%. This was his confidence as a top-notch master.

“Then let’s begin,” Shi Yu said.

After Master Qu Jie and Shi Yu confirmed it, the two of them walked towards the venue.

As for Dean Hao, the panda father and daughter, and the intern examiner, Liu Jie, they sat at the spectator area to watch the commotion.

“Let’s send our pets out together.”

After arriving at the venue, Master Qu Jie casually said to Shi Yu and started to summon the formation.

A moment later, the purple summoning array was accompanied by dark red flames that surged out, forming a four meter tall phantom!!

“Roar!!!”

The phantom gradually formed and condensed into a monster with brown muscles holding a stone battle axe with a pair of giant horns.

[Name]: Ox-Headed Beast King

[Attributes]: Fire

[Race Level]: Low Level Monarch

[Race Skill]: Raging Flame Charge, Flaming Axe Strike, Flame Horn, Thorny Flame Armor, Deterrence, Fire Battle Soul

The instant Master Qu Jie summoned his pet, Shi Yu was at a loss. The panda father and daughter were also at a loss.

That was because Master Qu Jie had the talent of strength seal. With this talent of baiting the enemy by pretending to be prey, theoretically speaking, he should contract some pets with stronger deceptive appearances…

You contracted a ferocious Ox-Headed Beast King<segmen, so it was obvious that you were very strong, alright? How could you deceive the enemy?

This was one of the evolution forms of the monarch race of the transcendent ferocious beast, Ox-Headed Beast… The prerequisite was to awaken deterrence skills with other evolution materials.

“Energy value, 10086.”

Through the index, Shi Yu could tell the Ox-Headed Beast King’s energy value with a glance. Its strength had indeed been sealed to the commander rank threshold.

Shi Yu had a strange expression because there was no need.

“Sob.” On Shi Yu’s side, in the white summoning array, the restrained Little Eleven slowly walked out and looked at the ox-headed beast king opposite him.

“Sob.” Eleven showed an excited expression. This opponent looked pretty good.

He felt that it was on the same level as the Zonyan Rock Beast. They were both very powerful.

“White Formation, Beast Taming Space level three.”

At this moment, Master Qu Jie saw the color of Shi Yu’s summoning array and nodded. Shi Yu had reached one of the requirements for the advancement of an intermediate Beast Tamer.

The other condition was that in the hands of a commander-level pet, it would fight for five minutes without losing!

This was the hardest.

“Huh?” After Shi Yu summoned Eleven, Master Qu Jie said, “Where are your other two pets?”

Shi Yu said, “Yes…”

Shi Yu then summoned the worm and ginseng baby.

As soon as these two guys came out, they immediately looked like they had the intention of sitting around.

They had no intention of attacking at all.

“Uh.” At the same time, Master Qu Jie was stunned again when he saw the worm and ginseng baby.

This worm had yet to evolve. Good, good. If this worm also evolved, it would be even harder for him.

As for the ginseng baby, Master Qu Jie was at a loss. Why would Shi Yu’s third pet contract a ginseng baby?

Logically speaking, a genius Beast Tamer like Shi Yu should contract a rare pet…

“Wait!!”

Master Qu Jie didn’t pay attention to the worms and ginseng babies for too long. He suddenly widened his eyes and looked at the reserved Little Eleven who was rubbing his fists.

The Ox-Headed Beast King also sensed the unusual aura on Eleven’s body. At this moment, it was looking at the Little Iron Eating Beast with narrowed eyes.

“It… has reached the commander level?” Master Qu Jie said in disbelief.

“Yes.” Shi Yu nodded.

“This…” Master Qu Jie was stunned. Shi Yu didn’t have the Beast Taming Space strengthening talent like Yin Zhengfan. How could a pet reach commander rank in advance?

Generally speaking, only the fourth-level Beast Taming Space and the physique of high-level Beast Tamers could withstand the consumption when commander-level pets broke through and grew.

Those who broke that rule… were usually drained dry.

Suddenly, Master Qu Jie looked at Baby Ginseng. Please don’t tell him that in order to break the restrictions in advance, Shi Yu had specially made a bunch of preparations… including contracting emergency supplements.

Damn, that worked?

“Commander rank?” At the same time, in the spectator area, examiner Liu Jie was stunned.

She looked at the other three.

The three of them smiled and nodded.

Liu Jie was silent. This junior was ruthless.

“What’s the point of the assessment?” On the other side, Master Qu Jie’s face darkened. “You definitely meet the standard of an intermediate Beast Tamer.”

“Even the standards of high-level Beast Tamers are almost fulfilled.”

Shi Yu had an innocent expression. “Then we won’t take the assessment?”

Master Qu Jie was silent.

“Forget it, I’m already here.”

He looked at Dean Hao and the others who were smiling in the audience, and his expression darkened. He finally knew why the busy Dean Hao had come to watch the show. It turned out that there was a big show to watch.

Did he want to see Shi Yu beat up the examiner?

Impossible!

Not only did he want to give him an intermediate-level license, he also wanted to fight the examiner!

How could an examiner, such a sacred profession, be beaten up by an examiner?

“Fight!”

He wanted to see how powerful Shi Yu was now.

In the blink of an eye, Master Qu Jie did not talk about virtue. With a boom, dark red flames erupted from the Bull-headed Beast King’s body!!

“Roar!!!” The Bull-headed Beast King roared, raised its battle axe, and swung down!!

Bang!!!

The huge ax burned with flames, and the surrounding heat waves began to sway. The destructive flames directly made the arena red and crack.

The transcendent Exploding Flame Axe attack directly changed the terrain, causing the venue to start shooting flames. He even condensed a terrifying flaming axe shadow and released its energy!

Hu ~ Hu ~

In the arena, a Flaming Axe attack that could easily hack a steel building in a range of several meters attacked.

“Master Qu Jie is too shameless…” In the spectator area, examiner Liu Jie spoke up. A mid-level assessment, and he was using the transcendent skill of his pet?

Even if the opponent was also a commander rank, it was a little bullying…

However, just as she finished speaking, her mouth opened slightly. She saw that the restrained Eleven opposite her suddenly erupted with lightning.

Buzz…

At the same time, Eleven made a posture of gathering strength to punch. The violent lightning power formed countless arcs on its body. It was now like a violent lightning machine!

In an instant, Eleven punched.

Buzz…

At this moment, Master Qu Jie and the Bull-headed Beast King’s expressions froze.

They sensed a huge threat from Eleven’s palm that was filled with electric light!

“Eleven, Hardening Thunder Palm,” Shi Yu said.

Boom!!!

As the lightning accumulated in Eleven’s body erupted, electromagnetic wave patterns instantly appeared around it and gathered into a fist. The terrifying fist power swept up a huge fist wind like an electromagnetic storm.

The Thunder Palm’s energy was released and blasted towards the Flame Axe. Then, it instantly swallowed all the flames. During this process, it directly lifted up most of the cracked floor and crushed it. Then, it swept the gravel and swallowed the Ox-Headed Beast King!

Even if it was in a restrained state, its energy value was not what the Ox-Headed Beast King with sealed power could compare to.

Bang!!!

In an instant, smoke and lightning lingered around the Bull-headed Beast King’s body, and it was sent flying by the aftermath of the thunder palm’s explosion!

At the Transcendent level, he released the Thunder Palm! Under the coordination of the thunder nature of the hardened state, he even borrowed the power of the accumulating lightning!

Examiner Liu Jie’s eyes widened as she watched helplessly as the Ox-Headed Beast King was sent flying by Little Eleven, who hadn’t moved at all… Monster? Moreover, this was still in a restrained state, right??