Chapter 150 - Shi Yu In The Plant Garden

Chapter 150: Shi Yu in the Plant Garden

Many training facilities existed in Ancient Capital University, including a mystic realm space.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

In these training facilities, the training efficiency of the pets could be greatly improved.

The last time Shi Yu came to Ancient Capital University, he had only experienced the battle tower to train the Beast Tamer’s life-saving abilities.

This time, he was prepared to go to a plant garden in a holy land of plant pets in Ancient Capital University.

“Let’s go out for a while.”

“Maybe I can take you to a fight.”

After making the decision to steal a skill, Shi Yu exited the ruins space and said to the baby ginseng who was staring at him with a fruit on the table in front of him.

“Yi? (Battle?)”

Baby Ginseng’s eyes lit up.

In short, it had been looking forward to the day where Shi Yu brought it to challenge other pets for a long time.

It was purely because the two teammates were too strong, so up until now, Baby Ginseng had not made a correct assessment of its battle power.

In short, it had been looking forward to the day Shi Yu brought it to challenge other pets for a long time.

“That’s right.”

“Go to the Beast Taming Space to sleep for a while and recover. I’ll call you later.”

Under Baby Ginseng’s expectant expression, Shi Yu recalled it to the Beast Taming Space.

He had just contracted a ginseng baby. Shi Yu was still willing to let it rest more in his Beast Taming Space to sharpen its feelings.

After that, Shi Yu took his school student card and went out.

…

“By the way, I wonder what the effect will be if I go to the Internet Addicted Granny now.”

As he walked in the direction of the plant garden, Shi Yu muttered.

He was still very vengeful.

At that time, he wanted to use the bone sword to PK the energy pet in the Battle Tower but he only got beaten up by the group. But now, Shi Yu, who had an extremely strong physique, felt that he could take revenge…

He was no longer the man who only knew how to dodge. Well, he would go to the plant garden to try first before going to the battle tower.

“Hey, look, doesn’t that person look like the Iron-eating Beast Knight…”

As Shi Yu walked, he suddenly heard people talking about him.

He turned his head slightly and saw two girls carrying a bag of daily necessities talking with their heads lowered.

Unfortunately, after Shi Yu’s physique was strengthened, his vision and hearing had also been enhanced. He could hear them.

“Kind of. That Iron-eating Beast Knight is an archeologist. He should have entered our school.”

“Is it him in person? He’s much more handsome than in the video. He’s so silly in the video. I remember my stomach hurting from laughing.”

“Heh…” Shi Yu couldn’t help but walk faster. Stupid humans.

He didn’t feel like a new student, but a senior returning to school. His name actually spread so quickly…

“It’s troublesome when people become famous.” Shi Yu took out a black and white baseball cap from the ruins space and put it on himself, trying to not be recognized. If he could still be recognized, he might be forced to wear a mask.

…

Ancient Capital University was too big. It took Shi Yu a lot of effort to reach the plant garden from his dormitory.

In fact, although the plant garden had the word ‘garden’, its area was quite ridiculous.

According to the school’s official website, the area shouldn’t be inferior to Mt. Tian Mang that he had gone to in Ping Cheng. It was much larger than the Iron-eating Beast Breeding Base of Lin Xiuzhu’s family.

This was actually also a mountain, but the entire plant garden mountain was clearly divided into several areas.

There were areas with richer water-element resources, areas with more abundant earth energy, and areas with richer natural wood and sun power. These were all modified, suitable for the habitation of various plant pets.

It could be said that using Earth Chain and Energy Storage Beams here could directly maximize the effect.

“We’re here.”

The entrance of the plant garden was separated by a white building. Shi Yu looked around and saw that the surroundings were cold and quiet. He didn’t care too much and directly entered.

As soon as he entered, Shi Yu smelled a fragrance. He immediately determined that it was a sweet aura skill.

However, it was only at the proficient level. It was nothing much. He didn’t even feel it when he smelled it.

“Hello…” After Shi Yu entered, in the hall of the building, a girl in a white dress who was trimming flowers stopped what she was doing and looked over in surprise.

Apart from her, the building looked like a huge office. There was also a group of young people sitting in front of computers. They took a look over and saw that someone was already handling Shi Yu, so they continued working.

“Hello,” Shi Yu greeted when he saw the senior.

“What business do you have?” she asked with a smile.

Shi Yu felt strange, but thankfully, he had done enough homework before he came.

There were three main possibilities for students to come to the plant garden.

Come and raise pets.

The environment of the plant garden was very suitable for the growth of plant-type pets. If the pets were more obedient, it would be no problem for the students to let the pets stay here for some time. It could have a good effect. Moreover, during this period, there were also students and teachers from the Feeding Department who were part-time workers who would help take care of the pets and provide food, nutritional supplements, and medical care.

<ol start=”2″>

Contract a new pet.

The plant garden also had the function of the Feeding Base. There were a large number of plant-type pet cubs of commander races. Their growth levels were basically at the Awakening level. These pets could be contracted and were suitable for Beast Tamers to contract, but students needed to use a certain amount of credits to exchange for the contract qualifications.

Like what Senior Lu said, the Seven Star Four Leaf Clover lived in a certain place in the plant garden.

<ol start=”3″>

Battle experience.

There were also a large number of transcendent creatures that had already grown up in the plant garden. There were even commander rank and monarch rank creatures living inside to guard the plant garden. For some students who wanted to increase their battle experience with plant-type pets, the plant garden also provided battle experience.

At the same time, the pets raised by some students could also be considered opponents.

Therefore, there were many opportunities for battle here.

“Battle,” Shi Yu said.

“Alright, come over and register.” The part-time senior signaled for Shi Yu to follow him.

“Yes.” Shi Yu nodded. He felt that the environment here was pretty good.

At least no one cared about him, and this senior didn’t look like she knew him.

As expected of the Feeding Department, they didn’t pay attention to the results of the vocation assessment at all.

Perhaps compared to the professional Beast Tamer assessment, this group of people were more concerned about the professional Feeder assessment.

Next, Shi Yu followed his senior to a machine to swipe his card and register. Releasing pets and contracting new pets required credits, while battle training was completely free. However, every student had a certain number of times per month. This was also to prevent the plant garden from being overloaded and unable to function normally.

“Eh, level 178? You’re a new student?” The senior looked at the message in surprise after Shi Yu swiped his card.

Level 178 archeology student, Shi Yu…

At this time, it wasn’t time for school yet?

But soon, she was relieved. If it was a new student with some connections, it wasn’t rare for him to enter the school early and live here.

“Yes.”

“Oh, it’s a junior.” Realizing that it was a new student, the senior who was working part-time was much more polite. She smiled and said, “Do you plan to go in and take a look yourself, or do you plan to specify pets to fight?”

In this botanical garden, there were many elite pets almost invincible at the same race level. Students who wanted to fight and train could even specify some pets in the plant garden to fight. Of course, they could also go in and randomly try their luck.

“I’ll go in and take a look myself.” Shi Yu smiled.

“Alright, you have to be careful. Most of the pets in the plant garden are raised here by seniors. They’re very fierce,” the senior reminded.

“Yes.” Shi Yu nodded.

That was exactly what he wanted. He felt that the wild ones were too weak.

“Can you go in yourself?” As Shi Yu was a new student, the part-time senior asked.

“No problem.” Shi Yu took the compass from his senior’s hand and reassured her.

This compass could guide Shi Yu into the battle area of the plant garden and help him find the way and leave. Apart from that, it could also be used with the software navigation on the Ancient Capital University’s official website, but it was not as convenient and accurate.

…

After registering, Shi Yu entered the plant garden.

As Shi Yu entered, a senior in front of the computer stretched with difficulty. He didn’t expect that he had to work before school started.

In order to ensure the stability of the plant garden and prevent any conflicts between the pets that had been raised, there were surveillance cameras everywhere in the plant garden. His job was to discover unstable factors. Among them, students who came here to battle and train could also be considered unstable factors. They needed to be paid attention to.

He looked at the screen. At this moment, Shi Yu had already entered the battle area with the compass.

In the battle area, there were basically no ferocious beasts below the transcendent level. They were all very brave and good at battle. Soon, the senior was stunned.

This was because just as he entered, Shi Yu encountered a transcendent-level Violent Wood Lizard.

It was a half-meter-long lizard made of wood matter. Although it looked like an animal, it was indeed a plant life form. It was essentially of a wood element.

“A Wild Violent Wood Lizard…” The senior’s expression was relatively calm. However, what made him uneasy was that in the scene, Shi Yu saw this Violent Wood Lizard and had no intention of summoning his pet??

In the scene, Shi Yu and the Violent Wood Lizard looked at each other…

“Its battle power is only 5… No, its energy level is only 599? Trash…” Shi Yu looked at the energy level of the Violent Wood Lizard in front of him through the Invisibility Mirror Image and sighed. This was too weak.

A pet of this level was weak enough for Baby Ginseng to make it faint with just a sweet aura. There was no meaning in fighting.

“Hello, do you want to fight? You can fight with me, but we have three rules. You’re not allowed to use skills.”

However, Shi Yu still issued a challenge to the Violent Wood Lizard through telepathy.

Baby Ginseng:???

Didn’t you say you wanted me to fight???

The Violent Wood Lizard was also stunned.??

It had lived here for a while, but it had never seen such a strange request.

The name of the Violent Wood Lizard sounded very irritable, but in fact, they were also very good gardeners. Poop was the best fertilizer, so these lizards were kept in the plant garden.

But even so, it didn’t mean that the Violent Wood Lizard didn’t have any battle power.

“Heh!!! (You said it, don’t regret it.)” After a moment of silence, the Violent Wood Lizard chose to satisfy Shi Yu’s wish.

It leaped over and pounced at Shi Yu. It had no intention of hurting Shi Yu. If it dared to hurt a human, it would have to become dinner for the monarchs and commanders of the plant garden tonight. It only wanted to pounce on Shi Yu and let him see how powerful it was.

However…

Just as the Violent Wood Lizard pounced at Shi Yu, it felt its stomach suffer an incomparable blow before it could even come into contact with him. With a boom, it was sent flying and hit a tree in the distance.

On the spot, Shi Yu moved his slightly sore fist and looked at the Violent Wood Lizard.

“Again!” Shi Yu said.

As expected of him, his physique was really not much inferior to a transcendent-level ferocious beast. He could actually still gain the upper hand against a creature that did not specialize in physiques like the Violent Wood Lizard??

If he reached the current upper limit of the level, he might be able to fight transcendent creatures who used skills!

At this moment, after it was sent flying. The Violent Wood Lizard stood up in a daze and stared at the human in front of it, revealing an expression as if it had seen a ghost.

Although this punch didn’t cause it much injury, it still hurt. It thought about it. It couldn’t take on this battle. It was too aggrieved.

“Heh!!! (Fight my ass, I’m not allowed to hurt you, and you’re also so strong, are you even human?)” The Violent Wood Lizard cursed angrily and turned to leave, even pulling a pile of shit on the spot to show its disdain.

In the botanical garden, it didn’t matter how the pets fought. As long as they didn’t die, it was fine. However, Beast Tamers definitely couldn’t be injured. This was the rule.

Shi Yu :”…”

Seeing the Raging Wood Lizard leave, Shi Yu was silent. In the hall of the plant garden building, the senior who was staring at the surveillance was also shocked.

“Holy shit.”

What the hell was this student? Which specialization was he from? Why was he here? Did he come to train himself or his pets? Just go to the battle tower if he wanted to train himself!