Chapter 159 - Strength In The Nine Li Form

Chapter 159: Strength in the Nine Li Form

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Bang!!!

The Ox-Headed Beast King was sent flying.

“You guys…”

After this attack, Master Qu Jie’s expression changed.

It quickly looked at the ox-headed beast king in the smoke, whose body was partially charred. It used its ax to stab the ground.

If he remembered correctly, after the Iron-eating Beast evolved, it mastered the super skill to restrain its sharpness.

Shi Yu’s Little Iron Eating Beast was clearly in a restrained state!!

The Ox-Headed Beast King of a monarch race was suppressed before this panda even erupted with power??

“This power, what’s going on…” At the spectator area, Liu Jie was similarly confused.

“The reason is very simple. It’s because it’s strong enough.”

Dean Hao said calmly. A billion worth of evolution materials, even in the Iron-eating Beast state, would more or less receive some increase.

“Just now, It didn’t use the additional lightning as a source of stamina. It only used the strength naturally stored in its body.”

Dean Hao said, “Even so, can he still have such strength in its reserved state?”

He began to be curious about Eleven’s strength.

Beside them, the panda and its daughter were also looking forward to it.

The stronger the iron-eating beast, the happier they were.

After all, Shi Yu and Eleven were ambassadors of the Iron-eating Beast Breeding Base…

“In that case…”

In the arena, Master Qu Jie was numb. He felt that it was troublesome. He took a deep breath and gave the next order.

Since ordinary skills were not enough, he would combine the profundities!

“Roar!!!” In the next second, the Bull-headed Beast King stomped on the ground again.

Profound: Red Lotus Explosion

Boom!!!

Its entire body was filled with flames again, as if it had turned into a flaming tank.

Under the profundity combination skill of the Ox-Headed Beast King’s Raging Flame Charge and Horn of Fire, the flames it turned into seemed to have become a fire red lotus with a huge horn. It charged at Little Eleven with very terrifying power and energy.

“This…” Liu Jie was stunned again.

Hey, hey, hey, Master Qu Jie, this is an intermediate Beast Tamer assessment, not a master assessment!

“Wuu!!!”

The profundities didn’t matter either. In the face of this terrifying attack, Eleven still had a calm expression. After letting out a roar, it directly turned into a size similar to the Bull-headed Beast King in a restrained state!

Moreover, its whole body hardened, and it smashed towards the bull-headed beast king’s huge horn without dodging!!

It was a super combination skill that was proficient in level multiplication+Dao Proficiency!

Bang!!!

In an instant, under the collision of the Bull-headed Beast King and Eleven, explosive flames surrounded their bodies!

Boom ~ Boom ~ Boom ~ Boom ~

Accompanied by the roar of the flames and the explosion of heat waves, this huge confrontation stunned Liu Jie, who was watching the battle. You call this an intermediate assessment?

If that was all, it would have been fine. In the next second, the huge flames changed shape, as if forming a fire tornado, and then disappeared. In the flames, with a roar, the huge Bull-headed Beast King was pulled by Eleven’s horns, raised, and thrown out!!

Bang!!!

The Ox-Headed Beast King, which had used the combination profound meaning to collide, was directly blocked by Giant Eleven. It was thrown out and hit the ground!

Examiner Liu Jie’s expression was already stunned. She dared to confirm that if one of them was her, she would have been insta-killed!

No wonder Director Hao looked down on her…

“Roar!!!”

At that moment, the Ox-headed beast king that was thrown out by the horns exploded in anger.

Why was the strength and defense on the other side so ridiculous?

“Damn it.” As the Ox-Headed Beast King crawled up, Master Qu Jie panicked.

Although the Ox-Headed Beast King had sealed its power, this little Iron-eating Beast was too difficult to deal with.

If he didn’t show some real ability, he would probably fail.

“Roar!!!”

After being suppressed one after another, the Ox-Headed Beast King was filled with anger, and flames of war filled its eyes.

“Roar!!!”

This time, fiery cracks appeared all over its body, as if the ground had been split open by the flames. At the same time, an even larger illusory image of the Demonic Ox Flame appeared behind it.

Skill: Thorn Fire Armor

[Introduction]: Intermediate fire-element skill. Clad in armor of flames that looks like thorns. When the enemy attacks you, the flames will erupt with a stronger power to attack the enemy.

Skill: Flame Battle Soul

< Introduction > It’s a transcendent fire-element skill. Summon the Flame Battle Soul and fight together. During the existence of the Flame Battle Soul, it can increase the user’s strength, defense, speed, fire power, battle will, injury recovery speed, and can be a substitute to help the user be immune to one fatal attack.

Boom!!!

After using some proficient level Thorny Flame Armor and Bathing Flame Soul, under the enhancement of the battle soul, the Ox-Headed Beast King was like an incomparably violent giant fire beast. Its huge body could barely capture the explosive speed with Eleven’s perfect super vision. It came in front of Eleven amidst the trembling ground and swung its ax.

“Wuu!!”

Eleven entered the Thunder Armor state under the enlarged state and took this axe head-on. However, even if it was full-strength Hardening+Perfect Level Thunder Palm+Mastery Level multiplication, it could only be suppressed by this violent attack.

Eleven first felt the huge power of the Ox-Headed Beast King, and its feet collapsed. Then, it felt the second rebound of the Thorny Flame Armor from the ax after it hit the ax!!

This Ox-Headed Beast King had actually trained the Thorny Flame Armor to the point where it could be enchanted into the battle axe, although the battle axe was originally one with the Ox-Headed Beast King.

Boom ~ Boom ~

“Wuu!!” Under the double strength, the restrained Eleven’s energy value was much higher than his opponent, but it was still knocked over with a bang in terms of strength. Like a leaking panda balloon, it was smashed back to its one-meter state and flew onto the arena!

Bang!!!

Eleven fell into the pit.

“Finally…” Examiner Liu Jie felt that it was hard for Master Qu.

“Phew.” After finally suppressing Shi Yu and the others, Master Qu Jie felt that he had regained some face.

However, before he could calm down for a moment, Eleven, who was opposite him, let out a cry of dissatisfaction.

After recovering quickly with the help of the high-speed healing, it got up.

White evolution light shot out of his body.

At this moment, for some reason, Master Qu Jie and the Ox-headed Beast King’s hearts trembled.

Boom!!!

Under the light, a terrifying deterrence erupted from Eleven.

At the same time, with the light, Eleven’s body gradually enlarged to nearly ten meters.

A moment later, Eleven’s Nine Li Battle Beast form appeared in front of the Ox-Headed Beast King.

The huge armor of black and white covered its entire body in hardened armor. Its blue eyes were as domineering as lightning. At this moment, lightning was really entangling in the metal armor. In an instant, an incomparable pressure enveloped the Ox-Headed Beast King.

Even before the strength seal, as a real monarch-level pet, it couldn’t help but swallow its saliva when facing Eleven in this form.

“This is… its evolved form?”

Master Qu Jie also gulped.

“Again.”

“Wuu!!! (Again!!)”

Shi Yu and Eleven spoke at the same time. At the same time, with a boom, Eleven’s super skill was activated for the first time after it evolved into a sharp state.

The overload of lightning that had been accumulated in its stamina source directly filled its entire body, making it look like a tall Thunder God. It was incomparably domineering. The power of this lightning bolt completely exceeded the thunder palm just now!

Boom!!!

The shocking energy explosion stunned Liu Jie, who was in the audience, again. She originally thought that Master Qu Jie was finally going to turn the situation around, but she realized that things weren’t that simple…

Congratulations, Master Qu Jie, for baiting the opponent’s “sealed” state.

At the side, the panda father and daughter and Dean Hao revealed excited looks. This power was such a waste of talent if not used against dragons!

Multiplication+Energy Storage Lightning+Lightning Palm+Inner Power…

Nearly 100,000 energy points against the Ox-Headed Beast King that was sealed with about 10,000 energy points. At this moment, the difference could no longer be made up with skill. This was absolute power. No one could stop a difference of ten times.

“Roar!!!!”

At this moment, sensing a huge threat, the Ox-Headed Beast King roared and activated the proficient level of the flames of war. The battle soul floating behind it directly attached to its body and fused into its body. At this moment, the Ox-Headed Beast King’s muscles increased exponentially and its body enlarged. Its gaze shot out flames as it swung out another Flaming Axe!!

Boom!!!

The air vibrated!

However!

This Bursting Flame Axe Strike, which should have been earth-shaking and could casually send Eleven flying with one strike just now, hit Eleven’s hardened armor… With a bang, it actually didn’t leave any marks on Eleven’s body!!

Instead, the huge impact made the Ox-Headed Beast King’s whole body go numb, and it took a few steps back!!

There was no way to break through the defense!

The Ox-Headed Beast King revealed a shocked expression, its hand trembling so much that it couldn’t even hold the battle axe properly.

“This body strength, how is it possible…” Master Qu Jie also said with a shocked expression.

It was no wonder that Master Qu Jie was shocked. After evolving, Eleven’s body strength was comparable to that of the overlord race’s dragons. In addition to hardening, there was a difference in energy. As long as the Ox-headed Beast King remained in this state, even if it attacked with all its might, it would still be giving Eleven a mere massage!

“Wuu!!!!” After evolution, even though the expression under the armor was very fierce, Eleven still smiled foolishly. It was its turn.

Boom!!

Eleven, in its giant form, directly threw a simple palm.

It was a simple palm, but it contained monstrous power.

Buzz—

The Thunder God’s palm that descended from the sky made the expression of the Bull-headed Beast King, who was holding a battle axe, change.

Stupid Beast Tamer.

What kind of assessment did they call him out for?

Intermediate assessment?

And sealed his power for this?

What kind of assessment was this?!

Give back the Ox-headed Beast King’s power!

Otherwise, it would turn from a bull-headed beast king into a battle-axe steak!!

“Hou!!!” The Ox-Headed Beast King let out a roar!!

Master Qu Jie was also shocked by the might contained in this attack.

This was called a commander rank?

Without nearly 100,000 energy points, he definitely couldn’t release such a powerful skill!

“For you!”

At this moment, Master Qu Jie was forced to unseal a portion of the Ox-Headed Beast King’s power, restoring it to a level close to 100,000 energy points. This level was still considered a “commander-level” standard, but compared to the 10,000 just now, one was the lower limit, and the other was almost the upper limit.

If he was forced to let the Ox-Headed Beast King recover its monarch-level battle power during the assessment, then he wouldn’t need to be an examiner anymore. He could just retire!!

This was his final stubbornness.

Boom!!!

An almost tenfold aura erupted from the Bull-headed Beast King.

“Old Qu can’t handle it,” Dean Hao shouted.

“It’s been unsealed…” Liu Jie’s intern examiner was also a little confused. Was this an intermediate examination?

The examinee forced the examiner to release the seal and used the strength of almost the upper limit of the commander rank to deal with it?

It had already exceeded the level!!!

She admitted that she had underestimated Junior Shi Yu a little previously.

This guy was a pervert!

The top scholar of the ancient capital? Even if the top scholar of the imperial capital and demon capital were added together, they probably wouldn’t be enough for him to fight!

At least, as a high-level Beast Tamer, Liu Jie felt that she was inferior to Shi Yu in a one-on-one battle.

Ten times the energy was unsealed.

The Ox-Headed Beast King erupted.

It felt that it could do it again.

However.

“Roar!!!” Even though the Bull-headed Beast King had recovered to an even stronger state, Master Qu Jie and the others still underestimated this attack.

The lightning power contained in this palm wasn’t as simple as Eleven’s limit.

It had long surpassed the extreme destructive power of Eleven Hardening and Thunder Palm!!

This was thanks to the huge amount of electricity that accumulated energy lightning and converged sharpness that helped Eleven accumulate power that exceeded his own limits!!

This was part of the power of the monarch-level Purple Electric Mecha!

The effect of Inner Power was to accumulate a huge amount of energy that exceeded the limits of the body and then multiply it out!!

However, the process would cause huge side-effect damage to oneself.

At this moment, the electricity that should have caused a huge load on his body, under the coordination of Eleven’s hardening “Thunder”, fused into the Thunder Palm at the smallest cost and was released by Eleven!!

“Wuu!!” Eleven felt the terrifying lightning power as if it wanted to tear apart the hardened substance, armor, and palm. The huge pain made Eleven both excited and afraid.

As long as it wasn’t afraid of pain, it could release powerful skills that exceeded the limits of its body?

It liked this Inner Power too much.

Later on, Shi Yu had to maximize the high-speed healing… It could use this skill as self-destruction!

Bang!!!

The thunder palm hit the huge axe of the Ox-Headed Beast King below, whose eyes were bulging. But in the next moment, the Ox-Headed Beast King’s expression almost exploded.

He sensed an unbearable terrifying power descend.

“Boom!!!” The ground under the ox-headed beast king’s feet directly cracked, as if it was about to collapse and drown it.

“Roar!!” The Ox-Headed Beast King’s gaze exploded. Wait, this power… Something’s wrong! Is this f*cking commander rank?

Beast Tamer, help! This bit of sealed energy wasn’t enough to sh*t!

Master Qu Jie was also stunned. He didn’t expect that despite unsealing so much power, the Ox-Headed Beast King was still suppressed by this attack!!

“Huge Transformation and Inner Power are both skills with high consumption and high damage superimposing attack power. Even if the opponent’s level is relatively high, he might not necessarily be able to withstand a round of explosive power,” Master Lin Hongnian explained excitedly.

This was the Iron-eating Beast, this was the Nine Li Battle Beast!!

Every skill was born to increase strength beyond the limit!

Compared to the average enhancement of the Flame Bath Battle Soul, not only was it not damaged, but it also had a protective super skill. The reserved sharpness was even more extreme!

It gave up everything in exchange for an attack power that exceeded the limit. In fact, during this process, it would even heavily injure the user. In the direction of the attack, almost no super skill could compare to the extreme Inner Power!

The name of a battle beast was well-deserved.

“Roar!!!” The Ox-Headed Beast King resisted with all its might.

When the lightning palm made contact with it, violent lightning surged out. At the same time that the Ox-Headed Beast King was tortured, it also exploded Eleven’s hardened substance and armor. Fortunately, these things were already completely one with Eleven. They could be recovered with high-speed healing. If they were like the Mechanic class, they would have to spend money to repair them after breaking through. Shi Yu would cry to death.

Bang!!!

In an instant, the ground collapsed. The venue rumbled, lightning flashed, and sporadic electric arcs and fire snakes flew in all directions. As for the Ox-Headed Beast King, it was about to lose control and was smashed into the ground, revealing a tragic expression.

Son of a b*tch, what a scam of a Beast Tamer. He won’t play assessment battles with this guy anymore.

Who exactly was the one being tested?

It was just about to continue cursing when it suddenly realized that it had disappeared from the outside world and returned to the Beast Taming Space.

Eleven hit nothing but air and shattered the arena.

In the outside world.

Master Qu Jie had an idea. After putting away his pet, he had a calm expression and said calmly, “Not bad, five minutes have passed. Congratulations on passing the assessment. You’re the most outstanding candidate I’ve tested. Not only have you resisted for so long, you almost forced out more power from the Ox-Headed Beast King. Your future is very promising.”

Boom.

After the palm missed, Eleven looked at Master Qu Jie in confusion. Are you a sore loser? Let it out, it can still fight!

“Uh.” Shi Yu was also stunned.

In the distance, Dean Hao and the panda father and daughter had strange expressions.

What did you say?

He had already forced it out!!

When Eleven was still in a restrained state, his battle standard had already far exceeded the intermediate assessment!

Which examiner would use transcendent skills, combination profundities, or even super-level skills to test candidates?

Moreover… They looked at the corner of the arena, where each of Shi Yu’s two other pets were just staring there, revealing a confused expression. Moreover, only one of Shi Yu’s three pets appeared…

The three of them looked at Liu Jie, the intern examiner beside them.

Liu Jie:◑_◐It’s too dangerous to be an examiner. Perhaps what she needed to do was to be as thick-skinned as Master Qu Jie?

1

Shi Yu and Eleven were too strong…

“…” At this moment, although Master Qu Jie’s expression was calm and stubborn, his heart was already trembling. F*ck, what was wrong with this Shi Yu? Were both he and these pet monsters? The vocation assessment was already ridiculous… But now…

Even among the high-level Beast Tamers, he was probably in the first tier.

As other pets break through, they might be able to touch the threshold of the “quasi-master level” very soon. They could barely fight against real monarch-level pets.

Now, Qu Jie felt a little regretful for appearing personally. If he had known earlier, he would have thrown the assessment mission to someone else. Guidance battle… Guidance his a*s. He couldn’t control the situation on his side the whole time. Guidance his a*s.

Right now, he only wanted Shi Yu to take the intermediate-level license and leave quickly. He wanted to go back and comfort his and his pet’s injured hearts.

“Then… I passed?” Shi Yu asked.

Qu Jie’s face darkened. “Yes.”

You passed. Go already, you monsters!

I wonder how your cohort’s candidates will feel when they see this assessment… He heard that in order to catch up to Shi Yu, Yin Zhengfan seemed to have gone to some Capital University?