Chapter 163 - Spiritual Space Dragon

Chapter 163: Spiritual Space Dragon

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

“How do I assemble it…”

Shi Yu opened the two folders that the gem cat had mentioned.

In the resource warehouse of Ancient Capital University, the best spiritual-type resource was the Nine-Tailed Illusion Fox Heart.

The best spatial resource was the Tears of the Void.

Unfortunately, neither of them was suitable for Buggy.

One was the heart of a nine-tailed fox, while the other was the eye of a Void Worm. Both were difficult to absorb, and the compatibility was not high.

From ancient times until now, the evolution materials used to evolve the Green Silkworm were basically plants.

If it were other things, it wasn’t impossible, but the absorption effect was definitely not the best.

This was like the Iron-eating Beast’s digestive system. It was clearly easier to digest metal minerals, but if the Beast Tamer just had to feed it rock minerals. There would definitely be a problem…

“I have to have the Dream Fruit.”

After taking a few looks, Shi Yu locked onto a plant resource in the Ancient Capital University’s resource bank. He had long decided on this.

[Name]: Dream Fruit

[Attributes]: Spirit

[Level]: Level 7

[Main Use Introduction]: The fruit of the Illusion Tree blooms every 30 years and bears fruit every 30 years. It will only mature in another 30 years and can only be eaten in 100 years. The Illusion Tree is the king of the Illusion Domain and can pull its prey into the Dream World. In the Dream World, it can create illusions identical to the hypnotized person and let them fight the hypnotized person. Its fruit can greatly increase the resistance and proficiency of the eater towards illusion skills.

[Exchange Price]: 11,000 credits

“You.” Shi Yu marked it.

Although this fruit wasn’t as rare as the Nine-Tailed Illusion Fox Heart and was mass-produced, it was still a plant and was more compatible with Buggy.

In addition, the ability of the Illusion Tree was too fragrant.

If Buggy inherited a similar ability, together with the phantom illusion skill, it could more perfectly materialize dream illusions.

At that time, not only could it fight enemies in the dream, but it could also perfectly summon the dream phantom to reality.

Unfortunately, this plant creature was the same as the Dream Shell. There were only a handful of them in the world. Shi Yu had no place to go and steal and replicate skills.

“100 million…” Shi Yu calculated in his heart.

Just one fruit was worth hundreds of millions.

Resources above level-seven were basically not worth less than 100 million. He was already mentally prepared.

There was only one Illusion Fruit in the inventory, so he decided on one for the time being.

Next, Shi Yu searched for spatial resources.

In the resource bank of Ancient Capital University, there were actually not many spatial resources of higher levels and plants. After careful consideration, Shi Yu chose the root of the hollow tree.

[Name]: Grotto Tree Root

[Attributes]: Space

[Attributes]: Space

[Main Use Introduction]: The root of the Grotto-Heaven Tree. The Grotto-Heaven Tree is a spiritual plant that contains spatial power. Its body is an independent small world that can store anything except life…

This was also a resource that could increase spatial talent.

Apart from that, the grotto-heaven tree roots could also expand the size of the Beast Taming Space. Humans could also use it, so its value was even higher than the Dream Fruit. Unfortunately, it couldn’t increase the strength and environment of the Beast Taming Space. Otherwise, Shi Yu would want to eat it himself.

“You’re done?”

Shi Yu hesitated for a long time on the resource table.

At this moment, the gem cat couldn’t help but eat three fruits.

After eating, it asked Shi Yu.

“Not yet, not yet…”

He knew that he had to choose more. Otherwise, it would become a losing deal.

Shi Yu looked at the gem cat’s private warehouse and was shocked.

The value of resources was not much inferior to the resource warehouse of Ancient Capital University.

However, what was speechless was that the resources it collected were almost all pearls, gems, and strange stones…

[Name]: Soul Pearl

[Attributes]: Undead

[Level]: Level-eight resource

< Introduction > It’s a pearl that seals the soul of Undead at overlord rank.

Good lord, did the gem cat obtain this item by itself?

[Name]: Holy Light Gem

[Attributes]: Light

[Level]: Level-seven resource

[Introduction]: The core crystal of the elemental life form, the Holy Tree.

The dazzling resources stunned Shi Yu for a moment.

However, because more than 90% of the resources here were gems, pearls, and strange stones… This was very unsuitable.

Buggy couldn’t really absorb those.

“By the way, this gem cat likes gemstones so much. Why does it want to collect worm silk?”

“Does it want to roll it into a ball to play?” Shi Yu muttered in his heart.

1

Also, Shi Yu wanted to know if the gem cat counted these fixed assets when it mentioned its assets.

Next, Shi Yu looked for a long time but couldn’t find any evolution materials suitable for Buggy.

Just as he was thinking that the Illusionary Dream Fruit and the Grotto-Heaven Tree’s roots were almost good enough, and that Buggy wouldn’t be able to absorb anything more, a resource attracted Shi Yu’s attention.

[Name]: Dragon Ball

[Attributes]: Dragon

[Level]: Level 4

[Introduction]: The intrinsic Dragon Ball of the unknown dragon race. Because it has been too long, its energy has been lost. It has no effect of changing its race, but it can effectively increase the pet’s racial potential and evolution aptitude, making its physique comparable to that of the dragon race.

Dragon Ball!

2

This was something only purebred dragons had, and it was also the most precious thing of dragon creatures. In addition, it was also one of the rarest resources!

After any creature absorbed the complete Dragon Ball, it had a chance to obtain the dragon race bloodline and make its physique comparable to a dragon!

For subspecies dragons, swallowing a dragon ball was one of the few opportunities for them to evolve into purebred dragons.

Shi Yu was really happy to discover the Dragon Ball.

Because the body of the bug type was too weak, the dragon ball could effectively change this weakness!

The Green Silkworm’s body was very weak, and it was the same even if it evolved into a butterfly. Take Yin Zhengfan’s Space Crystal Butterfly for example. Although its race level was very high, that was purely judged because its racial skills were strong.

In terms of energy value and vitality, it was inferior to the commander race’s ginseng fruit tree. In terms of physical strength, it might even be inferior to wild iron-eating beasts that had yet to evolve. It was a classic example of a high attack with weak defense.

However, if he used the dragon ball, he could completely change this situation effectively.

One of the uses of the Dragon Ball was to make the physique and life force of the absorber become incomparably strong, comparable to the dragons!

The rarity of the Dragon Ball far exceeded resources like the dragon scale or even the reverse scale. It even exceeded spatial resources of the same level. Only time resources could suppress the Dragon Ball.

The only pity was that this dragon ball was a defective product. Its energy level had fallen to level four, and it no longer had much of the original effect of the dragon ball. It could only increase the physique.

“But it’s just right. If the level is too high, it couldn’t be absorbed by Buggy anyway. Even now, it might be a little difficult.”

Shi Yu browsed through it again and looked at the gem cat.

“Excuse me, can I have these four resources?”

Shi Yu looked at the gem cat who was eating the fourth fruit. He labeled the three resources “Dream Fruit”, “Grotto-Heaven Tree Root”, and “Dragon Ball”. Apart from that, there was also a pretty high-level “level-seven wood-element energy crystal”.

The last resource was to charge the ginseng baby.

Without this, it was very difficult to pay this overlord gem cat…

“Uh…” The gem cat looked over.

When it saw the Illusion Fruit, the Grotto-Heaven Tree Root, both level-seven wood-element energy crystal, it nodded indifferently.

When it saw the “dragon ball”, it pondered for a moment and froze.

Because it liked this blue dreamy dragon ball very much.

Moreover, it had yet to figure out which dragon this blue dragon ball belonged to, and its curiosity had yet to be satisfied…

“Forget it, curiosity kills the cat. Spirit fruits are better.”

Although it liked it very much, after thinking about it, the spiritual fruit was indeed better.

“Take it, take it, take it all.” It waved its claws.

However, it was too much for Shi Yu to take away resources worth 500 million at once.

It had to find a way to squeeze it back. It couldn’t lose out.

“Thank you.”

Shi Yu smiled and moved away. He didn’t plan to take more this time. He would stop when he was satisfied.

He planned to come back the next time Baby Ginseng wanted to evolve.

When it was time for evolution of low-level monarch races, there would definitely be more evolution materials needed.

However, at that time, the gem cat probably wouldn’t refuse.

After all, if Baby Ginseng evolved, the spiritual fruits it made would be even more delicious…

“I’ll get my clone to get the goods for you. Remember to send a new spiritual fruit on the first of next month. By the way, what’s the name of this fruit?” the gem cat said.

Wasn’t the first day of the next month the day after tomorrow? Shi Yu was stunned.

Fortunately, he had the foresight to take an additional energy crystal. Otherwise, the ginseng baby would die!

“There’s no name yet. Let me think. Why don’t we call it the Gem Fruit?” Shi Yu said.

The profundity of Sweet Aura+Nutrition, Gem Fruit.

It meant that every single one of them was as precious as a gem and could bring huge wealth to the Beast Tamer. Perfect. He was really a genius at naming things.

Shi Yu was already considering whether he should use the gem fruit to bribe the little female dragon in the snow mountain.

As a dragon that had lived for more than two thousand years, it should have a lot of collections.

This cat had only lived for a hundred years, but it was already so rich. That dragon was the one who had helped Emperor Shi conquer the world. No matter what… its wealth couldn’t be underestimated.

“Gem Fruit.” When the gem cat heard that, it immediately felt that Shi Yu was very smart. It ordered its clone to quickly go and get the resources.

At this moment, the clones in the resource warehouse felt that their main body was being too ridiculous.

It ate the good stuff while they worked. They would remember this…

“Meow—”

…

…

Half an hour later.

In the student dormitory.

Shi Yu returned excitedly.

Illusionary Dream Fruit, Grotto-Heaven Tree Root, Dragon Ball… The day the worm evolved was today!

If it were an ordinary Beast Tamer, they definitely wouldn’t dare to be so crazy.

The Beast Taming Space was only level three, but it had already contracted two commander-level pets. It also had to support an evolution body in the form of a cocoon. It would wait to be drained dry.

However, Shi Yu, whose physique exceeded that of a master-level Beast Tamer and who had contracted a supplement pet that had mastered two perfect supplement skills, was very arrogant.

“Is this considered half a Beast Taming Space strengthening talent?”

After Shi Yu returned, he entered the ruins space smugly.

At this moment.

In the ruins space.

Eleven was practicing flying. Because of the foundation of the Thunder Palm and the special hardening nature, it had only evolved for a short while, but it had already become very proficient in electromagnetic levitation.

As for Baby Ginseng, it entered a shrunken state. It rooted itself and absorbed light energy, recovering its energy with difficulty.

Shi Yu and those fruits had squeezed it dry.

As for Buggy…

It was a classic scene. Buggy was sleeping.

It was unknown if it was training or daydreaming.

Yesterday, Buggy daydreamed for the whole day. It dreamed that it had evolved, but unfortunately, it was fake.

In the words of Buggy, it was accumulating evolution experience in the dream in advance. When it really evolved, it would be much smoother.

“Where’s Buggy?”

“I bought the evolution materials back.”

Shi Yu left the ten gem fruits and three boxes of worm silk for the gem cat and brought back a pile of evolution materials.

“Ji…” As if it had heard Shi Yu’s thoughts, Buggy woke up from its sleep and teleported to Shi Yu’s side.

Moreover, it looked at Shi Yu with anticipation.

Evolution materials?

Wherever it was.W

“Wuu.”

In the distant sky, Eleven realized that Shi Yu had returned. It also flew over with an electromagnetic levitation, planning to watch the commotion.

As for Baby Ginseng, as the current second in the team, it wanted to observe the situation of the worm. If the worm’s evolution exceeded it, that would be uncomfortable.

“Ji!!! (Evolution! Evolution! Evolution!)”

When Eleven and Baby Ginseng rushed over, they saw Buggy shouting excitedly.

However…

“Although I’ve bought the materials, you can’t evolve yet,” Shi Yu said.

Buggy:???

Baby Ginseng was amused. Buggy was so miserable.

“You have to eat the nutritional fruits that the ginseng baby created to increase your racial potential and evolution aptitude first. After eating them until they lose their effectiveness, then we can let you evolve. This way, the evolution effect will definitely be better.”

“During this period, I also want to upgrade your spatial shackles skill to Perfect Level. At that time, with the two perfect high-level skills, spatial shackles and phantom illusions, you will be able to break out of the cocoon easier. It will be more stable.”

“Baby Ginseng, I’ll leave it to you.”

Baby Ginseng:???

“Ji.” Buggy was amused. Sure, sure, no hurry.

Baby Ginseng:???

“Yi!!!” Baby Ginseng frowned. It really didn’t have a single drop of energy left.

Shi Yu chuckled and took out a level-seven wood-element energy crystal. “It’s not a big problem. I even exchanged for this. Even if you grow and break through to the monarch level, the energy inside won’t be so easy to absorb.”

“With this, not only can you recover your energy at a high speed at any time, your growth speed will also be much faster.”

Shi Yu had no choice. If he didn’t exchange for this and just relied on the energy recovered from its natural strength for free, Baby Ginseng might not necessarily be able to support him, Eleven, Buggy, and the Gem Cat at the same time…

He still had to spend money!

“Yi—”

At that moment, when it saw the level-seven wood-element energy crystal, the ginseng baby was stunned. It sensed the huge wood-element life force inside. It swallowed its saliva and nodded.

He should have said so earlier.

This was the most attractive resource for it apart from the Fruit of Life.

With this, there would be plenty of nutritional supplements and sweetness.

Then, Shi Yu took out the Illusion Fruit, the Grotto-Heaven Tree’s roots, and the Dragon Ball and informed the Green Silkworm of the effect.

Spirit, space, dragon… It just happened to satisfy all the requirements of Buggy.

Buggy’s eyes lit up. It couldn’t wait anymore. However, before absorbing these cocoons, it would increase its evolution potential in advance through the nutrition of the ginseng baby!

“Ji!! (Baby Ginseng, let me see your limit!!)” It looked at the baby ginseng holding the wood-element energy crystal and urged crazily. Quick! Quick! Quick!