Chapter 165 - School Starts

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Chapter 165: School Starts

After evolution, Buggy was very excited.

Because it felt that this evolution had yet to consume the power of any evolution materials.

It was purely because of its accumulation of natural evolution.

It was very curious now how powerful it could become after it completely absorbed the evolution power.

Even if it couldn’t reach the overlord race, it should be able to catch up to the Leader.

At the same time, it was even more curious about how strong it was now.

The energy value increased several times in an instant. Although it was not as high as the leader and the ginseng baby, battle did not depend on energy levels alone!

The use rate of energy points depended on the level and proficiency of the skill. Its skill level and proficiency were not lower than that of a leader or a ginseng baby.

In other words, under the same level, at a certain time, it wouldn’t be much weaker than the leader and the ginseng baby.

Only after a long time, when the battle evolved into a battle of attrition, would its disadvantage of having less energy appear.

Of course, having a lot of energy also gave some pets the capital to squander. For example, Eleven… relied on its energy to superimpose several skills to form profundities and attack as if it was a basic attack. Who could withstand that?

“Ji ~”

A moment later, Buggy said to Eleven telepathically, “If Baby Ginseng doesn’t want to fight, I’ll fight you!”

As it spoke, it even wrapped his entire body with blue Psychic power and flew up!

Eleven had the Electric Magnetic Floating skill, and now it had the Psychic power to float. Who couldn’t fly!

Shi Yu, Baby Ginseng:??

“Fight my butt.”

“Hurry up and go to sleep.”

Shi Yu glared at Buggy.

Although it had evolved and was in a completely new form, the cocoon had to sleep obediently.

Did it still want to evolve successfully?

What if a “miscarriage” happened?

“Wuu!” Eleven also advised Buggy not to fight, at least not with it. It was afraid that it would accidentally help Buggy break out of its cocoon.

At that time, it would be a Thousand Sin Bear.

Buggy: (๑ _ ๑)

Didn’t they agree not to act cool during evolution?

Why did it change when it came to it?

“Absorb the evolution power well first. When you’re about to evolve, you can fight. At that time, you’ll evolve on the spot and show off big time,” Shi Yu advised, wanting Buggy to give up its current battle plans.

This cocoon form was like a little wife who had been pregnant for ten months. Although its battle power was not weak, it was better to be careful.

“Your current mission is to quickly absorb the evolution power and then absorb more nutrition from the outside world.”

Shi Yu said, “I’ll increase your absolute sleep skill points in the future. This way, your digestion and absorption of nutrition will increase. You might be able to break out of the cocoon earlier. Sleep in peace.”

“Also, a new racial skill, Psychic… I’ll also try to make it reach the maximum level before you evolve. Perhaps there will be an unexpected effect during evolution.”

After Baby Ginseng’s sweet aura, nutritional supplements, and other skills were maxed out, there were many more skill index slots. Shi Yu could relax and replicate Psychic power.

Now, he also had a difficult task, which was to lay a better foundation for the cocoon as much as possible!

Then the rank after evolution would at least be monarch and maybe overlord!

“!!!” Buggy was excited. It didn’t expect this cocoon form was still viable for adding points.

“Alright, alright, come back and sleep.”

Shi Yu didn’t plan to let Buggy wander outside for too long. He directly put it back into the Beast Taming Space.

However, just as he retracted it, Shi Yu suddenly felt a little tired.

It was unknown if it was because he was tired from worrying about his three pets or because contracting three commander-level pets was a little overload.

“Sigh.” Shi Yu smelled the sachet in his pocket and instantly revived. He looked at Eleven and Baby Ginseng, who were looking at each other.

“Eleven, stop training and rest.”

“Baby Ginseng, you… Although it’s very cruel, please prepare the gem cat’s food for the next month and do it well. After all, your future evolution materials might still have to rely on it…”

“° ° (๑ ๑)” Ginseng Baby understood.

They were sucking up to the cat.

At the same time, Eleven rubbed its head.

Stop training? Take a break?

Impossible!

Baby Ginseng had a training mission, and Buggy was also evolving and becoming stronger. Don’t even think about tricking it into staying where it was.

Rest was impossible!

“Wuuu, wuu, wuu, wuu ~” Eleven revealed an intelligent gaze and jumped away to train.

Shi Yu :”…”

This child had been smart since it was young.

It had perfectly inherited the outstanding character of a Beast Tamer who was hardworking and unwilling to fall behind.

“You guys arrange the time yourselves. Work and rest are both important.”

Shi Yu was tired and planned to go back to sleep and think about it quietly until school started tomorrow.

The past few days before school started had exhausted him.

Not only had two of the three pets evolved, three of them had even reached commander rank!

His current strength…

At the moment, Shi Yu’s strongest strategy should be to let Baby Ginseng create nutrients and let Eleven eat a bunch in one go.

This way, Eleven could accumulate a huge amount of energy in its restrained state. In the end, after reaching the limit, it would directly explode into a sharp edge using Inner Power. Who among the commander ranks could compare to it!

Then, the burden produced by the eruption could still be treated… It was invincible.

After Buggy turned into a butterfly, the combination of the three pets would be even more invincible.

With such strength, he could still be ranked at the top even in the big schools of the ancient capital.

“Fortunately, I didn’t go into the battle department. Otherwise, I would have graduated before school started.”

“Senior Lu is right. There’s really no future for the battle department.”

After school started, Shi Yu planned to distribute the time.

3: 3: 4.

30% of his free time was used to increase points and nurture bugs first.

30% of his free time was used to study. After all, Lu Qingyi had sent him to Ancient Capital University to let him learn some professional knowledge. He couldn’t always rely on his voice of history talent and archeological books.

Apart from the history and archeological knowledge of this world, Shi Yu was also quite interested in knowledge like machinery and feeding.

In this way, time was a little tight. However, he had at least four years to go to university. If he learned slowly, it wouldn’t be very urgent.

Most of the time, Shi Yu planned to use it to cultivate and meditate. After all, the level of the Beast Taming Space was the foundation of the Beast Tamer.

After knowing that the full skills of the index could be deleted, Shi Yu was no longer so obsessed with contracting new pets and adding new index pages. However, he was still a little obsessed with super skills.

The increase in the Beast Taming Space meant that the upper limit of his physique had increased… Shi Yu also wanted to teach super skills earlier.

Whether he could teach super skills… was definitely an important dividing line!

When the day came that he could teach super skills, perhaps his level could leave the scope of the younger generation and quickly advance to the older generation.

Just like when those legendary figures were young.

Emperor Shi had carried the burden and duty of driving out the totems and unified Dong Huang in his twenties, becoming the strongest under the Mythical stage. He was almost an evolutionary talent big boss who had reached the Legendary stage before the age of 30. He had one foot in the Mythical Domain. Shi Yu felt that he should use him as his goal. Only then would he be worthy of the cheat-level talent, the skill index.

“Skill index, skill index, hurry up and make me invincible. When the time comes, I can go overseas or even the totem area to party.”

Especially the totem area…

Even the big shots of Bureau 11 didn’t dare to explore the ruins there.

After all, it was the territory of the totem creatures. However, the more dangerous this place was, the more it attracted Shi Yu…

Shi Yu knew that this was an illness. He had to change it.

…

The next day.

January 31.

Shi Yu woke up early and opened his electronic guide letter.

School had theoretically started today.

Although class had yet to officially begin, they would meet the class mentor today. The students would also meet.

Perhaps, the new students of various specializations and even the entire school would gather to listen to the school leader’s speech… At the thought of this, Shi Yu’s expression darkened.

The universities in this world… The school wouldn’t have any crazy opening ceremonies, right?

With a very nervous mood, in order to hide his handsome aura, Shi Yu deliberately didn’t wear a panda costume. He only wore a simple blue casual suit.

Then, he arrived at a certain classroom for the class meeting at the specified time.

When Shi Yu entered, there were already more than 20 people in the class. The mentor had yet to arrive. As Shi Yu entered, the entire class suddenly fell silent.

Dead silence.

Some people widened their eyes and watched as Shi Yu slowly walked to the back row and sat casually in a seat beside the window.

“What’s wrong? Who is he?”

A boy asked his deskmate beside him, wanting to know why the atmosphere in the class suddenly changed so quickly.

“Brother, you’re not from the Ancient Capital, right? You don’t often watch the news or surf on the Internet, right…” The person beside him was the one who had passed this year’s Ancient Capital vocation assessment. He said with a serious expression.

“He’s Shi Yu, a super big boss.”

The new students of Ancient Capital University were mainly recruited from a bunch of messy assessments like the professional Beast Tamer assessment, professional Feeder assessment, professional medical assessment, and so on. The source of life was basically the candidates who passed the assessment in the nine first-level cities. It wasn’t that there were no candidates who passed the assessment in the second-level cities, but the requirements were very high.

Therefore, there were really a lot of people who didn’t know Shi Yu…

However, among the 20 plus people present, there were still many who passed this year’s Ancient Capital vocation assessment.

They had all seen Shi Yu take first place with their own eyes. How could they not recognize Shi Yu after changing his clothes?!

“This guy is actually my classmate?”

Many boys and girls in the class felt strange…

They were paying attention to Shi Yu, and Shi Yu casually glanced at them. It had been a long time since he sat in the classroom and listened to class with the little kids. He still missed this feeling.

“No one I know.” Shi Yu glanced at everyone and shook his head.

Why didn’t the school leader assign his opponents in the vocation assessment to this class to relieve his boredom?

No…

He knew someone here.

Two Spirit Mediums entered. Shi Yu recognized them.

“Wang Ling, Xu Jingyin, that should be the name, right?” Shi Yu raised his head slightly and looked at a boy in gray casual clothes and a girl in a black dress who entered the classroom.

He couldn’t remember it clearly, but this Wang Ling should be the armored man in the Ancient Capital vocation assessment. He had contracted a Skeleton General, Ghost Horse, and Sword Ghost. He liked the combination battle strategy of the “Skeleton Sword Knight”. He was that unlucky guy who was smashed into pieces by Yin Zhengfan’s Zonyan Rock Beast’s Lava Explosion!

As for that Xu Jingyin, she seemed to be from Icefield City just like him. Back then, when they were competing for the Evolution Holy Spring, Shi Yu was the second to fight her. His impression of her was that the other party had contracted a Nether Cat and was very weak. Back then, she was still a Beast Tamer intern. This person… had also come to Ancient Capital University?

“Perhaps the Evolution Holy Spring also brought considerable benefits to others at that time. In addition, during the probationary stage, no one has developed the Beast Taming Talent. Perhaps she also has an extremely special Beast Taming Talent…”

As Shi Yu analyzed in his heart, the two of them walked in his direction.

Then, they accidentally saw Shi Yu.

At this moment, their expressions couldn’t help but change.

Shi Yu?

Shi Yu looked up with a smile. He wasn’t a bad person. Did they have to be so exaggerated as to “change their expressions”?

“You know each other?” Shi Yu looked at the two of them walking together and asked curiously.

“She’s my cousin.” Wang Ling looked at Shi Yu and said, “I didn’t expect us to be in the same class. However, there are only three classes for the archeology Department new students. It’s not very surprising.”

“…” Xu Jingyin looked at Shi Yu speechlessly. Back then, when Shi Yu announced that his Iron-eating Beast had an ancient evolution bloodline, the ones who were most depressed were definitely the group of people who competed with Shi Yu for the Evolution Holy Spring in Icefield City.

In their opinion, Shi Yu had definitely obtained the benefits from the Evolution Holy Spring.

Everyone was clearly soaked in it… Why did it have to be Shi Yu who earned it?

“Oh, oh, cousins. Not bad. I’ll leave the next four years in your care!” Shi Yu said amiably.

Wang Ling and Xu Jingyin:???

Us? Take care of you? Human language?