Chapter 166 - Martyr’S Ruins

Chapter 166: Martyr’s Ruins

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

The two of them guessed what Shi Yu’s so-called “care” meant.

At this moment, a dry cough was heard.

“Cough.”

“Students, please sit down first.”

The class guide who had entered the classroom had already walked to the podium.

This voice was a little familiar.

Shi Yu’s gaze passed the two Spirit Mediums and looked over. Then, he was stunned.

Isn’t this Old Ding!?

He was the mentor of the archeological Seven Elites, one of the members of the archeological Research Group at that time!

Well, Mentor Ding was a member, and Shi Yu was in charge…

Shi Yu had a strange expression.

Bah, this was very strange.

“I’m your counselor for the next four years. Ding Jie, just call me Teacher Ding.”

The male teacher smiled at the students who had already sat down.

“Next, we’ll have a ‘short’ class meeting to distribute textbooks, school cards, and talk about the plans for the next half semester.”

Then, Mentor Ding said a bunch of nonsense.

It was only until the class committee’s election that the class atmosphere became restless.

It was good to be a class committee member. Although one would do more work, they got extra credits, and the credits in the school here were all real money. It was more suitable to describe it with points. They could be exchanged for cultivation resources!

Moreover, its value couldn’t be compared to the priority right of the lousy scholarship in his previous life.

“Is there anyone who recommends themselves?” During this period, Mentor Ding’s gaze looked at Shi Yu either intentionally or unintentionally, but Shi Yu dodged and shook his head…

It was meaningless. Being a lousy class committee member was a waste of time. For ordinary students, this might be a very good way out. They could get closer to teachers, expand their connections, and obtain some resources in advance. But for those really capable students, it was a waste of their lives.

Shi Yu had understood this in his previous life.

Shi Yu was pretending not to notice the whole time, and Mentor Ding had no choice either. In the end, the armored man, Wang Ling, took the class monitor position away. The other class cadres also separated the other positions and placed it on different students.

“There’s no hurry to collect the textbooks. I’ll talk to everyone about the subsequent plans.”

Mentor Ding finally started talking about business.

He looked at everyone with a smile.

“You won’t be taking professional lessons so soon. Before that, you might have to undergo military training in three to five days.”

“The school will arrange for you to live for a week with the Beast Tamer Corps stationed outside Ancient Capital City.”

“Of course, this process isn’t for you to undergo any arduous training or battle, but for you to experience history and get close to history!”

“You guys chose the archeology Department because you’re more curious about Dong Huang’s history, right?”

“As the capital of many dynasties, the ancient capital has a large number of ancient dynasty ruins and ruins. The earliest can be traced back to the era of the Shi Emperor. These ruins are all guarded by the Beast Tamer Corps in various places.”

“Letting you guys go there to live for a week is actually more like a trip. It’s considered letting you guys experience it. Of course, during the process, there will definitely be plenty of training, training, and receiving knowledge. You have to be prepared.”

Whoosh!

As soon as Mentor Ding finished speaking, the eyes of the 33 students in the class, including Shi Yu, lit up.

“Ancient Dynasty ruins…” Shi Yu’s DNA moved.

Although it wasn’t impossible for him to go alone, with his identity as Bureau 11, he could go and take a look at any ruin, he was still following the big wave. It felt safer and it had more atmosphere.

“Teacher Ding, have you confirmed the location? What era’s ruins are they?” Shi Yu couldn’t help but ask.

Mentor Ding looked at Shi Yu and smiled. “I’ve long confirmed it.”

“It’s a ruin from the era of Emperor Shi, the era of Dong Huang’s founding. No, to be precise, it’s a ruin space!”

“It’s a ruin from the era of Emperor Shi, the era of Dong Huang’s founding. No, to be precise, it’s a ruin space!”

1

All the students perked up.

“This ruined space is very magical. I believe you will definitely broaden your horizons. If you’re lucky enough, you might even be able to obtain some benefits from it, or even…”

Benefits?

“Hero??!!!” In the class, Wang Ling and Xu Jingyin suddenly thought of something, and the other Spirit Mediums in the class said in disbelief. Could it be that place?

“Is it the heroic spirit ruins?” they asked.

“Yes, that’s the place.”

“Perhaps some students don’t know. Let me introduce them to everyone.”

“This is a ruin that hasn’t been completely explored. It’s said that the Dong Huang Dynasty built it to record some heroes with outstanding achievements at that time. From ordinary soldiers, battle beasts, and even weapons with merits to legendary generals and heroic figures who formed the legends of the later generations, they were imprinted in this ruin space in a magical manner.”

“It records the heroic figures of every level in the early stages of our human rise. Emperor Shi himself even modified this ruin through his own time power. I hope the future generations can forever remember these heroes’ contributions to Dong Huang.”

“And this ruin has been preserved until now, and it has even developed a mysterious power.”

“Those heroes, war beasts, weapons, mountains, rivers, plants, legions, and marks that have become targets of faith have become heroic spirits drifting in the long river of history over a long period of time. The archeological world unanimously believes that it was Emperor Shi who used his own power to let them survive in another form to this day.”

“Although they don’t have their previous memories and are new lives, their strength and potential are still present.”

“And the other special thing about this ruin is that if someone enters the ruin and has suitable aptitude, there’s even a chance to summon a certain heroic spirit from the long river of history and become an undead-type pet in the form of a ‘guardian spirit’ to protect the Beast Tamer himself!”

“In the past hundred years, there have been many Beast Tamers who have received the recognition of heroic spirits in our human race. At the moment, there’s a legendary Beast Tamer in our ancient capital who has obtained the recognition of the ‘battle soul’. This is the conceptual heroic spirit formed by a certain invincible army of Emperor Shi due to their faith. It’s peerless in battle.”

Fu Jing!

Everyone knew which legend Mentor Ding was talking about.

Since entering the Alliance calendar, although there had never been a legendary Beast Tamer in Ancient Capital City, there were still many famous legendary Beast Tamers.

For example, Legend Yin and Legend Fu were both representatives of Ancient Capital City.

Moreover, unlike a Beast Tamer like Legend Yin who relied on his impressive Beast Taming Talent to rise, the turning point of Legend Fu’s life was that he obtained the recognition of the Battle Soul!

As an ordinary soldier of the Beast Tamer Corps, Legend Fu, who couldn’t even afford a decent pet but had a lot of ambition, was a classic rags to riches story.

Perhaps it was because of his personal charm or other reasons, but he obtained the recognition of the battle soul of the army under Emperor Shi from the heroic spirit ruins. This battle soul with an extremely high growth rate directly made him soar into the sky and grow into a legend all the way, becoming a big boss in the military world.

With Mentor Ding as an example, everyone instantly understood.

As soon as he finished speaking, all the students present were immediately filled with endless anticipation for this heroic spirit ruin.

They were even more curious about every big and small figure who had left merits during the Time Emperor Era. They were curious if they could obtain the recognition of these heroic spirits!

“Alright, there will be more specific notice later. The military training activity of the Martyr’s Ruins is jointly carried out by the archeology Department and the Battle Department. Everyone, just know in advance and prepare.”

“Next, class monitor, organize it. Everyone, go and get the textbooks.” Mentor Ding looked at the armored man, Wang Ling.

“After retrieving the textbook, you can go back today.”

“Yes!” Wang Ling nodded.

…

This class was very strange. Because the ratio of men and women was severely imbalanced, there were 24 boys and only 9 girls.

Then, under Mentor Ding’s lead, everyone went to the next room to carry books. What shocked Shi Yu was that there were a total of 32 textbooks for the first semester of the archeology specialization alone, and they were all pretty thick…

This page count was too much.

However, although there were many textbooks, everyone was a Beast Tamer. It was quite easy to move them.

Even if it was a girl, she could lift dozens of books with one hand. All of them were transcendent humans. There were no delicate female students who couldn’t even twist the bottle cap. This couldn’t help but make Shi Yu sigh at the valiance of the people on the blue planet.

When distributing the textbooks, many students chatted together and even flipped through the textbooks.

“Look at this book. It records the three generals and the three great armies under Emperor Shi. Perhaps we can summon some heroic spirit from it when the time comes.” Someone found a history book and smiled.

“Legend Fu seems to have obtained the recognition of one of the Beast Tamer Corps’ battle souls!”

After his reminder, everyone quickly flipped open the book.

The three generals under Emperor Shi were all Titled Legendary-level Beast Tamers. There were even countless experts in the army under them. This book recorded hundreds of Beast Tamers and pets that could be called heroes.

From their birth to their pets to their achievements, there were certain records.

“The three generals?” Shi Yu also flipped through it.

“General Bai Lin, Heavenly Formation General, Sea Suppression General…”

Upon seeing this, Shi Yu smiled.

“What are you laughing at?” Beside Shi Yu, Wang Ling, who had been secretly observing Shi Yu, looked at the monster that had been keeping a low profile just now.

According to what he knew, his childhood friend and strong opponent, Yu Shu, was extremely angry at this Shi Yu. It was one thing for Shi Yu to be strong, but in other aspects, Wang Ling also wanted to investigate.

“It’s nothing. It’s just that it looks like the history of that time hasn’t been completely recorded.” Shi Yu slowly put down the book.

“What do you mean???” Wang Ling was stunned.

After Emperor Shi opened the Beast Taming Era, compared to the Mythical Era and the Totem Era, the lost history was actually relatively small. However, from the looks of it, it still hadn’t been completely recorded. However, this was also normal. Even if it was a previous life without transcendent power, the amount of history that had been passed down is still incomplete. Whether it was real or fake is still a big problem.

“What I want to say is that as everyone knows, there are five of the Four Heavenly Kings, so there should be at least four of the three generals,” Shi Yu said.

Wang Ling: “?”

What was this confusing riddle?

“Are you going to tell me or not?” The corners of Wang Ling’s mouth twitched.

Shi Yu smiled and said, “That’s what I meant just now. I mean, apart from these three generals, there should be another general under Emperor Shi. However, from the looks of it, she hasn’t been recorded.”

Ice Dragon General, Mu Huiyin!

Due to special reasons, the Heroic Spirit Ruins had yet to be completely explored. He didn’t know if she was recorded inside.

Shi Yu looked out the window and in the direction of Ice Dragon Snow Mountain in Icefield City.

That ice dragon also have said that its Beast Tamer, the Ice Dragon General, was also a general under Emperor Shi. However, there were no records in this book.

She had clearly sacrificed herself to help the Country suppress the totems, but her merits had not been recorded… He wondered how the Ice Dragon General Mu Huiyin and the Frost Dragon felt.

“I want to discuss with the Ice Dragon to help the Ice Dragon General verify her name! It doesn’t matter if I get a dragon whisker, or scale, or whatever, the main thing is to restore history!”

However, compared to this, Shi Yu wanted to know more. If he entered that heroic spirit ruins, what kind of heroic spirit could he resonate with… Or could it be that without that one in ten thousand aptitude, he couldn’t summon anything in the first place…