Chapter 167 - Beginning Of Club Recruitment

Chapter 167: Beginning of Club Recruitment

Apart from the three generals, there was another general that had not been recorded?

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Shi Yu’s words stunned Wang Ling.

He didn’t think that Shi Yu was talking nonsense.

There was no need for Shi Yu to lie.

However, how did Shi Yu know?

“Are you serious?” Wang Ling asked.

Shi Yu patted the book and said, “It should be announced in a while.”

He didn’t know how the conversation between Bureau 11 and Ice Dragon was going.

Now, Lu Qingyi was in charge of this matter.

He could ask later.

If he really planned to destroy the Ice River Totem, he also wanted to take a look.

He just didn’t know if the mechanical guardians that had forbidden weapons could be touched by him.

Shi Yu estimated that there was no chance. From the looks of it, his plan to let his future mechanical pets be able to use nuclear bombs had failed!

“Stop chatting.”

Just as Shi Yu and Wang Ling were chatting, Xu Jingyin walked over and interrupted their conversation.

“Uh.” Wang Ling was stunned. Although his curiosity had yet to be satisfied, judging from Shi Yu’s expression, he didn’t seem to want to talk about it in detail.

Business was more important… Continue moving the books!

However, before leaving, Wang Ling suddenly said to Shi Yu, “Will you go to the battle club’s recruitment tomorrow?”

At the beginning of school every year, the various clubs of Ancient Capital University would face the entire school to recruit new students.

Among them, the most popular battle club was definitely among them.

If other clubs had interests and hobbies, then battle clubs were purely about strength.

The club adopted a ranking system, and there were resources to be divided.

Within a year, various internal competitions of various sizes would be carried out in the club. When the National League was about to begin, the head students of the club would also form a school team and fight the National League.

After the National League ended, a new school year began. Some members graduated, and the clubs would be new from the older students who weren’t strong enough to enter the clubs before. They wanted to see if anyone had any opportunities and improved their strength during this period.

Basically, the threshold to enter the battle club was to be a high-level Beast Tamer and commander-level pet.

Only those older students with the strength to accumulate could reach this condition.

However, in recent years, because the school had increased the favoritism of the resources of the battle club, and because of new policies, even those new students who only had transcendent pets could receive the training of the club in advance as long as they had the potential.

Wang Ling wanted to know if Shi Yu was interested in becoming a reserve member of the club.

Although Shi Yu had entered the archeology Department, everyone knew Shi Yu’s strength clearly.

If Shi Yu planned to enter the battle club, he would definitely receive huge resources.

“Me? I should go take a look,” Shi Yu said.

If he didn’t go, the beast-eared girl would come knocking on his door.

The Ancient Capital University of the National League lost again this year. It didn’t even enter the top five in overall grades, making the beast-eared girl explode.

Also… This year was her last year in school. She wanted to do well because the original president graduated and she became the president.

In this situation, Shi Yu was embarrassed to not join in the enthusiastic invitation of the beast-eared girl.

“You’re going too ?…” After Shi Yu answered, Wang Ling muttered and left.

Sigh, Shi Yu was also going…

This guy would definitely steal the limelight again. Damn it.

As the two of them walked away, Shi Yu smiled.

A moment later, he waved his hand and the books disappeared.

In the ruins space, Eleven and Baby Ginseng watched as a huge pile of books piled in front of them.

Seeing these books, Baby Ginseng was still a little confused, but Eleven suddenly trembled.

“Wu!” It looked panicked.

Eleven was not afraid of anything, but it was afraid that Shi Yu would let them learn mathematics and physics.

Although these weren’t the same subject, Eleven felt that it was similar.

“Yiya,” Baby Ginseng asked. What was this?

“Wuu!” Eleven thought for a moment and said, “Wuu wu wu. (After mastering all the secret manuals to become stronger, one will be invincible.)”

“Yi?!!” Baby Ginseng’s eyes lit up.

Then, it was a little nervous.

Then could it take a look?

“Wuu!” Eleven expressed that Baby Ginseng could look around as it pleased. It was best to memorize everything.

With that said, the lightning sparked around it and it took off and left this troublesome place.

…

On the day of school, apart from the class meeting, there were no other meaningless meetings. Fortunately.

After putting away the books, he returned.

After returning, Shi Yu had originally planned to study the textbooks first.

However, after entering the ruins space, he realized that Baby Ginseng was staring at a book with a worried expression. It was studying for him, so he turned around and slept, planning to rest more.

“Ha ~” After yawning, Shi Yu slept and accompanied the green worm’s cocoon.

He sunk into his dreams, there was no concept of time. It was even a phone call that woke Shi Yu up.

“Hello, hello, hello ~”

“The club is recruiting new members today, remember to come ~”

“Also… remember to perform well later!”

White Brook knew Shi Yu’s background and potential. Although she also wanted to directly distribute most of the resources to Shi Yu, she still had to be fair in the position of president.

“Alright,” Shi Yu replied in a daze when he heard the beast-eared girl’s voice.

Eh? Wait, today?

Shi Yu was stunned and hurriedly looked at the time.

7: 32…

Holy shit, he had slept for more than ten hours.

It broke the record.

Shi Yu immediately became energetic. Apart from being a little hungry.

“Eleven and the others actually didn’t wake me…” Shi Yu rubbed his temples.

The club recruitment event began at 8: 30 pm. Shi Yu planned to find something to eat before going over…

After tidying up a little, Shi Yu left the house in high spirits.

…

Ancient Capital University, the northern campus, one of the exclusive training grounds for the battle club.

This place was huge. In the center was a huge venue. The seats from low to high were almost surrounded.

At this moment, it was already extremely lively here.

There were freshmen and seniors from the first to fourth years of university. There were students from all grades.

Archeology, Battle, Medical… There were also specializations.

Shi Yu walked in the noisy training ground and immediately saw the beast-eared girl on the platform.

Although she was small, White Brook, who stood there with a rare expression, had a very strong aura. A moment later, she sat in the main seat of the platform. On her left and right were seven or eight members of the battle club of the same age, both male and female.

“Senior White Brook is so brave.”

“Did you see the National League this year? She fought with a monarch-level pet and resisted the opponent’s skill. She’s so cool.”

In the audience, some new students looked at the platform and discussed.

“What’s the use of being cool… Didn’t Ancient Capital University still not produce any results this year? The other team members are too lousy.”

“Fortunately, Senior White Brook and her pet advanced before the competition. Otherwise, with the president at the master level, the results of Ancient Capital University would probably be even worse.” An inappropriate voice came from the side.

A guy sitting lazily in a chair and wearing a cloak said casually.

“You… who are you?” The surrounding new students looked at him.

“Don’t you even know me?” Yu Shu was helpless. “Forget it, it doesn’t matter. Anyway, the battle club of Ancient Capital University is too much. I hope that after I join, my teammates will be more awesome.”

Because his parents were students from Ancient Capital University, Yu Shu had long been internally decided by Ancient Capital University. He even planned to join the battle club of Ancient Capital University and restore the glory of Ancient Capital University!

Perhaps not in the short term, but if he was given two to three years, Yu Shu believed that he would definitely do better than these seniors.

“Little Yu, you’re so cocky now.” As Yu Shu was posturing, a palm landed on his shoulder.

Then, a person sat beside him.

As this person sat down, Yu Shu frowned and turned around. Then, his expression darkened.

“Shi Yu??”

Shi Yu sat down with a smile. He didn’t expect to meet someone he knew. Alright.

The first to call out Shi Yu’s name was not Yu Shu, but the surrounding students.

Obviously… The reputation of Shi Yu, the first place in the assessment, was much greater than Yu Shu, who couldn’t enter the top three.

“Holy shit, Shi Yu is here too.”

After discovering that Shi Yu had also arrived at the recruitment venue, many students around them began to stir and discuss.

However, everyone was young after all. Shi Yu was not an idol-level positive figure, so no one came over.

“What are you doing?” Yu Shu looked at Shi Yu. His Beast Taming Space was still a little short of breaking through to level three. It was a little early to take revenge on Shi Yu now, but after the military training ended and he obtained the recognition of the impressive heroic spirit, he was confident that he could surpass Shi Yu.

The Heroic Spirit Ruins was also the reason why Yu Shu, a Spirit Medium, stayed in Ancient Capital University.

According to tradition, almost 100% of talented Spirit Mediums like him could obtain the recognition of the heroic spirit. In fact, after obtaining multiple recognition, the heroic spirit could be chosen by him. However, the strength was not certain.

“Join the club? What else?” Shi Yu smiled.

“Tsk.” Yu Shu curled his lips.

What was a telepathy talent doing in the battle club? He should go archeology obediently.

Even the legendary figure of Ancient Capital University, Senior Lu, couldn’t use her telepathy talent to defeat those Beast Tamers with battle-type talent… Shi Yu definitely couldn’t.

Between high-level Beast Tamers and master-levels, there was a common title. Quasi-master-level Beast Tamers referred to Beast Tamers who could control commander-level pets and fight monarch-level creatures.

This was also the strength of the second tier contestants in the National League.

Generally speaking, the difference in strength between commander rank and monarch rank pets was difficult to cross even with the racial advantage.

Beasts alone did not have the ability to fight above their level, but with the increase of the battle-type Beast Taming Talent, there was a chance of doing it!

Because of these precedents, Yu Shu felt that Beast Tamers with battle-type talent would definitely widen the gap between them and non-combat-type Beast Tamers over time!

He looked at Shi Yu with pity… Unfortunately, such a good opponent was destined to be “surpassed” by him in the future.

“F*ck…” Shi Yu also looked at Yu Shu like he was looking at a fool. He was speechless.

He had to give him a lesson later. This Yu Shu had clearly not been beaten up enough!

At the same time.

On the stage.

White Brook picked up the microphone and directly spoke. As her voice sounded, the training ground immediately fell silent.

“I’m the current president of the battle club, White Brook.”

“Welcome, students who want to join the battle club.”

“There are limited social resources and limited venues. A small selection will be carried out next.”

“Today’s selection is divided into two rounds. After passing the first one, you can become an official member of the battle club. After passing the other one, they can become a reserve member of the battle club and even the school team. In short, one will face the older students and the other will face the new students.”

“Let me briefly explain the rules of the first selection. Next, the battle society will send out different Beast Tamers to guard the arena. The rules are 3VS3 solo. They will send their pets first. Those who want to join the club can go on stage and challenge them themselves.”

“As long as you can defeat two pets of the battle club’s guardian, you’ll pass the assessment.”

3VS3. The representatives of the battle club members and candidates who wanted to join the club could at most send three pets.

However, soloing meant that the three pets couldn’t be released at the same time. It wasn’t a team battle, but a 1VS1 battle.

At the level of high-level Beast Tamers, theoretically speaking, Beast Tamers could send out four pets at the same time, but the burden of commanding four pets at the same time was very high for Beast Tamers. Therefore, in battles that were not related to life and death battles, usually, Beast Tamers would choose rules that were relatively friendly and enjoyable for Beast Tamers.

For example, a 3VS3 solo battle was a very mainstream competition rule. That was, choose three out of all the pets he contracted and send them out to battle the opponent one by one. Whichever side all three pets lost their battle ability, or the Beast Tamer himself used his talent to exhaust his physical fitness, would be judged as a loser.

“Then, in order to save time, let’s start now.”

As White Brook finished speaking, someone had already walked onto the arena.

He was tall and strong, wearing clothes that looked like a basketball suit. He had messy hair, narrowed eyes, and a smile, looking very friendly.

After boarding the arena, he took the initiative to summon it.

“Jiu!!!!”

In the green summoning array, flames rose. A huge bird with red feathers and flowing flames flew into the sky and let out a cry…

“Hong Xiao, high-level Beast Tamer, commander-level Flame Three-Headed Bird.”

The member of the battle club smiled and introduced himself.

Seeing him, many seniors who wanted to go on stage hesitated.

Because this person was not weak. As a Beast Tamer with fire-element strengthening talent, his output was clearly very violent.

In the battle club, there were still a few Beast Tamers with non-combat-type talent. Most of the older students who wanted to join the club wanted to wait for the weaker “examiner”.

[Name]: Flame Three-Headed Bird

[Attributes]: Fire, Wind

[Race Level]: Mid-level commander

[Level of Growth]: Commander Level

[Race Skill]: Flame Assault, Flame Breath, Wind Drill, Wind Pressure, Sea of Fire

[Energy Points]: 33976

A fire-element pet with extraordinary strength!

Shi Yu nodded after seeing the pet data through Bureau 11’s index.

If the Beast Tamer’s fire strengthening talent was added, it was indeed a nightmarish strength for new students.

“Aren’t you going?” Seeing that no one was going up for the time being, Shi Yu couldn’t help but feel bored. He asked Yu Shu, why didn’t the students register in advance for this recruitment activity to arrange the assessment order? In a club, it seems like there weren’t any logistics members in the battle club?

“What the hell?” Seeing that Shi Yu was asking him, Yu Shu’s expression darkened. The assessment for the new students was at the back, what was the hurry? This was prepared for the older students!

“No one’s going up…”

“Then I’ll go.” Shi Yu didn’t expect the assessment for the new students to be ranked at the end. In order to not waste time, he directly got up and slowly walked to the arena. In any case, he was entering the battle club. There was no difference between an official member and a reserve member.

Fire-element pets were perfect for Baby Ginseng to practice!