Chapter 164 - Chapter 164: Buggy Evolved Too

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Chapter 164: Buggy Evolved Too

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

A day later.

[Name]: Green Silkworm

[Level of Growth]: transcendent

[Skill]: Worm Silk (Dao Proficiency), Absolute Sleep (Expert), Illusory Phantom (Perfect), Deterrence (Proficient), Super Sight (Expert), High Speed Healing (Proficient), Space Shackles (Perfect), Instant Transmission (Expert), Concealment (Expert)

[Energy Points]: 4399

After spending a day, the Green Silkworm with an energy value of more than 3,000 previously underwent a complete transformation under the modification of Shi Yu and the ginseng baby.

Although it was still lousy.

Even if Shi Yu raised Buggy’s high-level spatial skill to Perfect Level, even if Baby Ginseng created nine full-level nutritional fruits to change Buggy’s evolution aptitude… Buggy’s energy value still couldn’t double.

It only increased by a third.

At this moment, after continuously absorbing nine nutritional fruits that could increase his racial potential, change his evolution aptitude, and increase his lifespan, this fruit had gradually lost its effect on the worm.

It looked like no matter how much it improved, it was very difficult for the worm to match an overlord race with the ‘Green Silkworm Body’.

“It’s alright, it’s alright…”

Shi Yu was still relatively calm.

The Green Silkworm was the weakest pet race in the first place. Even the Dragon Carp, which was a weakling in the pet world, was stronger than it. Shi Yu was already very satisfied that it could have its current energy level.

In addition, the most special thing about the Green Silkworm was that its racial potential was huge.

Very few pets could increase more than the Green Silkworm after evolution.

The weakness before evolution was only for the rise after evolution.

This was related to the green worm’s special evolution method.

The other pets evolved in an instant.

The evolution materials they used were rarely used perfectly.

It was either hidden in the body or lost, but it was definitely not the strongest state where it had perfectly absorbed the power of the evolution materials.

The evolution of the Green Silkworm Race was an exception.

They first turned into cocoons and then fell into a deep sleep. They experienced the baptism of the evolution power for at least a month and almost perfectly absorbed the power of the evolution materials before completing the evolution.

In the cocoon state, the Green Silkworm’s absorption rate of nutrition for evolution materials was also among the best among all pets.

Therefore, after the worm evolved, it would definitely be reborn to the greatest extent. Shi Yu looked forward to the day when the worm woke up from its slumber and broke out of its cocoon to become a butterfly.

“Ji…”

After feeling that it had reached another “bottleneck” state, Buggy ran over pitifully.

It could eat evolution materials to turn into a cocoon.

It couldn’t wait anymore.

“Then let’s begin.”

Shi Yu had also worked hard for the whole day, but he was surprisingly energetic at the moment.

Just now, he had also eaten a weakened version of the nutritional fruit created by the ginseng baby. Now, he felt like he had returned to his childhood and was extremely energetic.

Perhaps he had accidentally increased his lifespan by a year and a half just now…

Beautiful.

“Ji!!!”

Upon hearing Shi Yu’s command, Buggy’s eyes filled with tears. It looked to both sides and suggested that Shi Yu call Baby Ginseng and the leader over.

Let them see its heroic bearing after its worm evolution.

Shi Yu :”…”

What’s the hurry?

During the evolution process, Buggy would be inside the cocoon, and it would sleep for a month. How could it be that fast?

Considering that Buggy used high-level evolution materials, it might be more than a month.

“Alright.” Shi Yu looked at Buggy’s excited expression and shook his head. He called Eleven and Baby Ginseng over to record it.

In the blink of an eye, everyone gathered.

These two guys arrived faster than Shi Yu imagined. Clearly, they also paid a lot of attention to Buggy’s evolution.

“Wuu!! (Coming, coming.)” Eleven came over with its cell phone.

Don’t worry about evolution, it will seriously take a video of it!

“Yi—(After eating so many of my nutrition fruits, it can’t be weak)” Baby Ginseng cried.

“Ji!!”

Faced with the encouragement of its two companions, the Green Silkworm’s expression was firm.

Then, it looked at the white Illusion Fruit, the brown grotto-heaven tree roots, and the blue Dragon Ball.

Buggy didn’t hesitate. It first ate the Dream Fruit in one go and quickly swallowed the grotto-heaven tree root.

In the end, it swallowed the glass bead-sized Dragon Ball into its stomach in one go.

During this process, Buggy felt a terrifying power slowly flowing out of the evolution materials it ate…

If it were other pets, even if it was a commander-level pet with a very strong physique that swallowed so many high-level materials, it would definitely explode at this moment.

However, due to the Green Silkworm’s special racial talent, “Cocoon Evolution”, this energy did not explode the worm immediately. Instead, it quickly flowed into the infinite worm silk in the worm’s body!!

“Ji!!”

At this moment, the worm looked up. White worm silk surged into the sky like angry waves.

The endless threads were dense and crisscrossed, covering the sky and sun. In an instant, they turned into a white sea of clouds in the sky.

Such a strange scene shocked Eleven and Baby Ginseng.

How much would this sell for!

Ordinary green worm evolution definitely didn’t have such a big scene.

Shi Yu had already expected the special scene that might occur when Buggy evolved.

However, he still underestimated everything.

At this moment, not only did Buggy spit out an incomparably huge worm silk, but the ground its body touched was also affected by an unknown effect, turning into a white line like a huge wave. The sky, the ground, and at this moment, Buggy, seemed to be in a world of white silk!

On the ground was a sea formed by lines with surging waves.

In the sky, there was a white sea of clouds that constantly surged and covered the sky.

Shi Yu had really never heard of such a shocking cocoon transformation.

In the next second, something unexpected happened.

After spitting out an unparalleled amount of worm silk, the worm finally began to form a cocoon.

Countless threads that approached its body began to quickly wrap around its body.

At the moment it was about to form the cocoon, Buggy looked at Shi Yu, Eleven, and Baby Ginseng. Whether it was a month or two, it had to wait for it…

When it thought about how it was going to turn into a cocoon and sleep for a long time, Buggy actually felt a little reluctant.

However, at the moment, the evolution path had already opened, and the transformation of the cocoon was already an irreversible fact.

Hu hu ~ ~

The worm silk wrapped the Green Silkworm bit by bit. Soon, it became a white cocoon lying motionless on the ground wrapped in white silk…

In the next moment.

The endless worm silk in the sky and ground began to transform into a white stream of light that surged into the cocoon with the cocoon as the core, as if the world had become light at this moment.

“Sob.” Why did Eleven feel that the scene of Buggy’s evolution was even more spectacular than its own?

“Yi…” Baby Ginseng looked at everything in a daze, very envious.

It already had a premonition that when the worm evolved and returned, it would definitely become the strongest.

A few seconds later.

The ruins were completely calm.

The worm silk that filled the sky had already disappeared.

There was only an oval cocoon the size of half an arm left.

This meant that even after breaking out of the cocoon and becoming a butterfly, the worm wouldn’t be very large.

It was still… concentrated with essence?

“It’s over…”

At that moment, as he looked at the sleeping cocoon, Shi Yu took a deep breath. He had already sensed that the worm had completely fallen asleep and was quietly waiting for evolution.

He just didn’t know how long it would take for it to break out of the cocoon.

At this moment, Shi Yu had a very strange feeling.

This feeling was like… he was an old father waiting for his pregnant wife for ten months?

He looked at Eleven and Baby Ginseng.

He wanted to ask if they felt this way.

But at this moment, he suddenly saw Eleven and Baby Ginseng’s eyes widen.

“Wuu!”

“Yi!”

They pointed at the cocoon and shouted, “Oh no, Buggy is dead!”

“Uh.” Shi Yu hurriedly looked at Buggy. Buggy didn’t die, so where did this corpse come from!

However, at this moment, there was indeed a change in its body.

Boom!!!!

The cocoon that was originally lying quietly on the ground suddenly erupted with soaring evolution light.

The scale of the white light was completely not inferior to the previous worm silk sea.

Upon seeing this scene, Shi Yu’s mind went blank.

This…

Evolution light?

Damn…

After the green worm evolved, didn’t it have to experience at least a month of sleep to perfectly absorb the evolution power?

How could it be so fast…

It wasn’t just the evolution light. Just like when Eleven evolved, Buggy was still experiencing a breakthrough!!

The growth level also seemed to want to go from transcendent to commander rank!

In the index in front of Shi Yu, the energy value of the worm was jumping crazily!

“Gulp.”

Shi Yu gulped and was stunned. He didn’t expect so many changes to happen to the evolution of Buggy.

It didn’t make sense. Even if it had Absolute Sleep, it didn’t make sense for it to absorb the power of the evolution materials so quickly, right?

This was unscientific!

However…

“What form will it take?”

Shi Yu was certain that after Buggy evolved, it would definitely not be any known butterfly, moth, bee, or worm, but a new form, an evolution form that had never appeared.

This was the power of the DIY evolution path.

The white evolution light was extremely dazzling. Soon, it slowly retracted and condensed on the cocoon.

The evolved form of the worm slowly appeared in front of Shi Yu and the others.

At this moment, Eleven was silent.

Baby Ginseng was silent.

Shi Yu fell silent.

“Huh?”

“Yi?”

“Huh???”

Three stunned voices sounded.

Shi Yu raised his hand and pointed at the “Worm Evolution” in front of him with a stunned expression.

Because at this moment, the worm was still in the form of a cocoon, but compared to the completely sealed sleeping worm cocoon form just now, there were two more small holes. Buggy’s big eyes were observing everything outside…

3

Green Silkworm’s evolution… Green Silkworm’s cocoon?

2

“…” Buggy couldn’t make a sound at this moment, but Shi Yu and the others understood what it meant.

Just now, for some reason, the worm might have been affected by Absolute Sleep, Phantom Illusion, and other skills. After it turned into a cocoon and fell asleep, it could still retain its thoughts and not completely lose consciousness…

In the dream, it had just had the thought of looking outside when… its body… couldn’t help but evolve.

It evolved into a cocoon with eyes.

Moreover, it had awakened a new racial skill.

It could also feel that its evolution power had yet to completely disappear. It could still complete another evolution after sleeping for a period of time and completely absorbing the evolution power.

Buggy was confused by the changes in its body.

It had evolved, but not completely.

Shi Yu :”…”

F*ck.

What was this…

The Green Silkworm had this evolution form?

What should he call it now?

Green worm cocoon?

Ridiculous!

It felt that this form was even more terrible than the green worm form.

However, the current growth level and energy value of the Green Silkworm cocoon told Shi Yu how powerful the Green Silkworm cocoon was…

[Name]: Green Silkworm’s cocoon

[Race Level]:???

[Level of Growth]: Commander Level

[Energy Points]: 23333

It had already exceeded the standard of commander-level pets. It had 20,000 energy points.

In other words, the current cocoon was very likely a special form of a bug type commander species?!

“Commander rank cocoon? This is ridiculous. This doesn’t make sense.”

Shi Yu didn’t know what to say.

The form of the cocoon was used for sleep and to absorb power, waiting for the worm to evolve.

But this bug first turned into a cocoon form and even broke through the growth level. It even awakened a new racial skill??

The new racial skill awakened by Buggy was the low-level spiritual skill, Psychic.

[Name]: Psychic

< Level > Low

< Introduction > It’s a spiritual skill. It can materialize spiritual power and form Psychokinesis that’s as agile as your hands and feet.

In the cocoon state, Buggy’s previous racial skill, Worm Silk, was temporarily sealed.

However, as if to compensate for it, it automatically awakened its Psychic skill and replaced the worm silk as its limbs…

Although the level of Psychic was low, it was definitely one of the best skills to use…

“Wuu…”” Yi…”

At this moment, Eleven and Baby Ginseng didn’t understand, but they were shocked.

Shi Yu didn’t understand either, but he was also quite shocked.

“Therefore, the current situation is that you can wake up now or continue sleeping.”

“After absorbing all the evolution power, you can still easily carry out the next stage of evolution,” Shi Yu said.

“Ji!!” Buggy nodded excitedly. That was what it meant.

It even felt that it could fight now!

The worm silk was sealed, but the other skills weren’t!

Commander species, commander rank cocoon, invincible!

Great!!

It looked at Shi Yu and the others, reminding them of something important.

Speaking of which, if it turned into a cocoon and became commander rank first, would there be a chance for its next evolution to directly evolve into an overlord race?

The evolution law couldn’t cross the level of the three major races at once, but the problem was that it wasn’t a transcendent race now, but a commander race!!

In theory, the upper limit race if it continued to evolve was an overlord, not a high-level monarch!

When Buggy finished speaking, Shi Yu and the others were stunned. An unimaginable path…

“You’re really a genius… This evolution… This evolution is worth it.” Shi Yu’s expression was strange. It seemed to be true. If the cocoon was also a brand new race, it wasn’t impossible for the worm to evolve two consecutive times and become an overlord race.

At that time, wouldn’t it be a huge gain to have super racial skills in both psychic and spatial realms?

“Yi…” At the side, Baby Ginseng’s face instantly fell. Overlord race… What was going on? Wouldn’t it be at the bottom again?

Was its evolutionary fruit so powerful… It wanted to eat it too now!