Chapter 168 - Baby Ginseng’S Might

Chapter 168: Baby Ginseng’s Might

Translator:

Atlas Studios

Editor:

Atlas Studios

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Then I’ll go.”

When Shi Yu finished speaking, Yu Shu was first at a loss before saying, “Huh?”

As Shi Yu walked away, Yu Shu reacted from his daze.

What was Shi Yu going to do?

What did Shi Yu say he was going to do?

Wait, did he hear wrong?

This fellow… was going to challenge that Hong Xiao?

“Holy shit, is this guy crazy? Is he stupid?” Yu Shu stood up. He was stunned by Shi Yu.

At this moment, Shi Yu had already walked down.

They arrived at the border between the venue and the audience.

There was also a group of battle club members sitting here. They were registered for challengers who wanted to enter the club.

Coincidentally, when Shi Yu came down, three other senior students also came down.

Shi Yu couldn’t help but be speechless. They didn’t have to register and queue here, right?

“Register here if you want to take the entry assessment ~”

“One by one.”

“Do all four of you want to try?”

A tall girl with long hair waved a pen and said.

She looked at the four people who had walked over at about the same time.

The three older students were all familiar faces. Among the four students of the Combat Department, only Shi Yu was a new student. However, Shi Yu, this new student, seemed to be a familiar face to the few members of the battle club responsible for registering…

After carefully identifying it, they looked at Shi Yu in front of them in a daze.

“F*ck.” A member of the battle club was stunned.

When the three older students saw the reaction of the elites of the battle club, they also looked at Shi Yu.

Moreover, he also felt that the handsome Shi Yu was a little familiar.

“Are you Junior Shi Yu??”

The tall girl in charge of registering stared at Shi Yu with her beautiful eyes.

In the battle club, White Brook respected Shi Yu very much. She believed that in the next few national competitions, the new blood of Ancient Capital University, Shi Yu, would change their losing streak.

Regarding this, White Brook even brought some members to watch the vocation assessment.

The members of the battle club naturally knew Shi Yu.

However, it was precisely because of this that it was very strange… Shi Yu was clearly a new student!

“Yes.” Shi Yu nodded.

“Junior Shi Yu, you’re too early? The assessment for the new students is behind ~” the senior said.

“No, I’m here to participate in the assessment of an official member,” Shi Yu said.

Everyone: “?”

To participate in the official member assessment, one had to at least have commander-level battle power!

If they remembered correctly, Shi Yu’s Beast Taming Space level was only level two. Even if he broke through after the vocation assessment, he was only level three!

It was completely different from the official assessment.

“Are you serious??” The battle club sister confirmed again.

“I’m not kidding, senior. I already have commander-level battle power.” Shi Yu smiled.

As Shi Yu finished speaking, the nearby battle club senior was a little stunned.

Her head was dizzy.

Wait… Half a month ago, Shi Yu, who had just passed the vocation assessment at the second level of the Beast Taming Space, already had commander-level battle power?

He did look like he was kidding!

“Your guys…” At this moment, on the platform, White Brook also discovered the abnormality in the registration office.

In the arena, Hong Xiao also looked over.

They had all discovered Shi Yu’s figure, but they weren’t sure what was going on.

“Are you serious? I’ll register for you, then you go.” After realizing that she was dragging the progress, the tall senior immediately registered for Shi Yu. Although she had yet to figure out what was going on, Shi Yu could do whatever he wanted…

“Thank you, then I’ll go…” Shi Yu thanked, leaving the three older students beside him a little stunned.

It seemed like they had arrived a couple steps earlier, right? Damn it, Shi Yu gotta go first!

…

Shi Yu completed the registration and really stepped onto the arena.

At this moment, the members of the battle club and the new and old students who had all focused on the registration area were stunned.

Looking at Shi Yu’s familiar face, everyone rubbed their eyes.

“Why did he go up?!?!”

On the platform, the beast-eared girl nearly collapsed the table under the gaze of her companions, scaring them.

White Brook was at a loss. What was wrong with Shi Yu…

At the same time, in the audience.

Zhang Qianyi, the Gu Master Miao Dongdong, Han Dong, who had also entered Ancient Capital University’s Elemental Coordination Talent, were staring. Han Dong, who had been insta-killed by Shi Yu during the vocation assessment, as well as Shi Yu’s classmates, Wang Ling, Xu Jingyin, and the others, all looked at Shi Yu, who had stepped onto the arena, in confusion.

No, what was this guy doing up there…!

“He’s crazy,” Yu Shu sat back down and said.

“Senior Hong, hello ~” After Shi Yu came up, he looked at the Beast Tamer of the Flame Three-Headed Bird and greeted him.

Hong Xiao was stunned. He looked at the register and saw the tall senior make an “OK” gesture at him, meaning that, yes, Shi Yu was the first challenger to enter the club.

She was leaving it to him.

F*ck… Hong Xiao didn’t understand why a new student like Shi Yu would come up now. However, at this point, he nodded and said, “Junior, send your pet out. It’s a 3VS3 solo.”

Shi Yu nodded.

In the next second, a white summoning array appeared in the arena.

Moreover, ripples came from the index. A pet figure was about to appear!

“White array, level-three space… He broke through.”

Before the pet appeared, many candidates of the same batch as Shi Yu were stunned when they saw this scene!

Shi Yu, who had the Iron-eating Beast and the Green Silkworm, was already so strong. Now, who knew what new pet Shi Yu had contracted… What changes had his strength made…

However, the problem was that even the level-three Beast Taming Space… didn’t meet the standard of the battle club!

“Yi…!!!”

However, as the pets Shi Yu sent out appeared, the level of Shi Yu’s Beast Taming Space was no longer the point of discussion.

At this moment, everyone’s gaze was focused on Baby White Radish in the arena. No, Baby Ginseng!

“Huh…?”

“Jiu!!!!?”

Not to mention the audience, even in the arena, the pets of Shi Yu and the others, the Three-Headed Flame Bird that wasn’t a human, were a little confused. What did it mean?

Its opponent was this thing?

Are you sure this is a battle and not an additional meal?

Burning a ginseng baby… This was too cruel.

It looked at its Beast Tamer.

At this moment, Hong Xiao was very silent.

He wasn’t the only one who was silent. Everyone was.

Was the wood-element ginseng baby serious about fighting the fire-element three-headed bird??

Not only was it a battle of attributes… but it was also a battle of races. Shi Yu was definitely crazy! Everyone stared at the arena with widened eyes.

The most silent was still White Brook on the platform. Her expression was solemn. This ginseng baby…

A mutated ginseng baby of a low-level monarch race!

As one of the people present when Lu Qingyi recommended pets to Shi Yu, White Brook was the only one who knew the origin and extraordinary aspects of this ginseng baby.

However, even so, she still couldn’t understand it at this moment. No matter how high the level of the mutated ginseng baby was… it was still a supplement.

Just because its race level crushed the Flame Three-Headed Bird didn’t mean that its battle power would be higher.

“Baby Ginseng… What is this Iron-eating Beast Knight trying to do? I don’t understand.” In the audience, a battle faculty senior student spoke in confusion.

“Baby Ginseng doesn’t have any battle power. So what if it’s a commander rank? It’s still useless even if it evolves into a ginseng fruit tree.”

Beside him, a battle department senior who had also come to participate in the assessment had a messy gaze.

Baby Ginseng… Baby Ginseng didn’t have any battle power?

A long time ago, he also thought so, and so did his Giant SunFlower…

Until a new student brought a ginseng baby and blew up his Giant SunFlower.

After watching the surveillance video somewhere, he couldn’t calm down for a long time. He silently forgot this memory and picked up the Giant Sun Flower from that heartbreaking plant garden…

And now, the familiar figure of a Beast Tamer and pet in the surveillance video appeared again…

Giant Sunflowers Beast Tamer’s voice was dry and hoarse.

Damn.

It was them!

He looked at his companion. The problem was that this ginseng baby had battle power, and its battle power was so high that it didn’t make sense!!

“Why can’t Baby Ginseng have battle power? Of course it can! This Baby Ginseng’s battle power is definitely off the charts. It’ll bet on an energy crystal!” He gave up thinking and looked at his companion beside him. He planned to not be the only one injured.

“???” His companion.

“You’re here to distribute benefits? So be it, don’t regret it!”

The audience was bustling with activity. In a certain corner, Yu Shu looked at Shi Yu like he was a fool. Although Shi Yu was stronger than him now, he wasn’t as smart as him. Meanwhile, after a short silence, although the plot was a little wrong, the assessment still had to be taken. Senior Hong Xiao chose to let Shi Yu attack first.

“Junior, you attack first.”

He was afraid that if he attacked first, Baby Ginseng wouldn’t have anything else.

It was still a backup plan.

In the arena, Shi Yu had one hand in his pocket as he looked at the sky. Baby Ginseng, who was standing on the ground with its calves, also looked up at the sky and at the Three-headed Flame Bird that seemed to have fused with the hot sun.

“Jiu ~!!!!”

The flames on the Flame Three-Headed Bird’s body swept up. Although it wasn’t a move, the flames on its body seemed to have wrapped it into a fireball. Ordinary wood-element attacks probably couldn’t get close to its body!

This was attribute suppression!

Moreover, did Baby Ginseng have any attack skills?

“Yiya ~ (So hot ~)” Baby Ginseng looked at the sky and muttered to itself.

Moreover, under the gazes of everyone, he stretched out a finger-like palm and pointed at the three-headed flame bird in the sky.

“Baby Ginseng, Light Clearing Cannon,” Shi Yu said.

Clearing Light Cannon?

What the f*ck?

Shi Yu deliberately didn’t use telepathy. After hearing this, Hong Xiao and the others were stunned.

Baby Ginseng had this skill?

Moreover, the name of this skill sounded a little fierce. It felt like a super skill!

Boom!

After Shi Yu gave the order, everyone was attracted by the light that appeared on the arena.

Because Hong Xiao chose to let Shi Yu attack first, it gave Baby Ginseng time to accumulate light energy.

Although its storage beam was only at the expert level and its proficiency wasn’t very high, the energy value of the ginseng baby was currently as high as 90000!

It was three times closer to the Three-headed Flame Bird in front of him!!

Under the guidance of such a huge amount of energy, the formation speed and scale of the light beam transformed from the energy fusion in its body was not as slow and small as imagined.

A few seconds later, a ball of light the size of a marble and containing terrifying power appeared in front of Baby Ginseng’s fingertip.

Buzz ~ Buzz ~ Buzz ~

The dazzling light and surging energy suddenly made the Three-headed Flame Bird in the sky feel that something was wrong.

Hong Xiao’s expression also changed.

“Something’s wrong.”

“Let’s increase the distance and use Flame Assault to accelerate!”

As he didn’t know what was going on, Hong Xiao quickly gave the order.

In an instant, the flames on the three-headed bird’s body became even stronger. It used an acceleration attack skill and burned the power in its body!

However, it was already too late. The white light ball at Baby Ginseng’s fingertip had already spewed out.

The light ball extended and turned into a dazzling light pillar. It shot out of Baby Ginseng’s fingertip like a flash from the sun.

At this moment, the airflow around the arena was dyed white. Because the power of the storage beam was too strong, it had already caused the air to tremble!

Boom!!!

Under the lingering of the hurricane, the terrifying white pillar of light turned into a white shock wave. Its speed completely exceeded the Three-Headed Bird’s Flame Assault and reaction speed, directly devouring the Three-Headed Flame Bird, whose pupils constricted, and pushing it into the distant sky!!

An incomparably thick beam of light pierced into the sky at an extremely terrifying speed. The flames on the Flame Three-Headed Bird were instantly extinguished. Its gaze gradually became absent-minded as it was pushed by the power of the beam until it was covered in injuries!

“Screech—” In the sky, the cry of the three-headed flaming bird came.

At this moment, everyone only felt a flash of light. In the next moment, the three-headed bird’s body that was riddled with holes from the beam of light appeared in front of everyone. Only the ridiculously strong beam of light continued to penetrate the sky…

Because he underestimated the enemy, this battle club leader didn’t even have the time to activate his talent, and the Flame Three-Headed Bird didn’t know what happened either. Its eyes turned white and it fell from the sky with a white smoke…

It was a huge tragedy.

Bang!!!

A moment later, the Flame Three-Headed Bird fell heavily to the ground. At this moment, the entire place was dead silent.

From Hong Xiao to Yu Shu, Miao Dongdong, Han Dong, and the other new students who were watching the commotion at the same time as Shi Yu, their gazes gradually exploded. Their mouths were agape, and their hearts almost stopped.

Especially Yu Shu. His mind went blank as he looked at the calm Shi Yu in the arena.

This Yu Shu suddenly lost the ability to think.

He almost blacked out, unable to accept the reality in front of him.

“Aba Aba Aba Aba…” Yu Shu.

At the same time, in the arena, Hong Xiao widened his eyes as he looked at the fallen Flame Three-Headed Bird.

“How, how is this possible!!!”

Who could tell him what was going on!!

Everyone, including the members of the battle club, looked at the baby ginseng that retracted its arm in shock.

What was that just now? How was it possible? That powerful skill… That powerful light-element skill… They had only seen it on White Brook’s Six-tailed Light Fox previously… No, Baby Ginseng’s move might even be stronger than a Six-tailed Light Fox of the same level!!

Was this a f*cking supplementary pet with the lowest battle power?

At this moment, all the new students who knew Shi Yu stood up and looked at the arena in disbelief.

A ginseng baby that could instantly kill an elite commander rank battle pet of the battle club?

Moreover, was it wood-element versus fire-element?

“This doesn’t make sense!”

“Yi…” In the face of everyone’s shock, Baby Ginseng enjoyed it very much. It endured the excitement in its heart and tried its best to make itself as” proficient “as Shi Yu at looking calm. From today onwards, the Ginseng towering emperor would stand tall on the ground, dictate the ages, and be invincible.. Mortals, let’s celebrate and be shocked!