Chapter 160 - Baby Ginseng Breaks Through Too

Chapter 160: Baby Ginseng Breaks Through Too

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Shi Yu successfully obtained an intermediate-level license.

It was a pity that his Beast Taming Space was not Level 4 yet. Otherwise, he could have gotten his high-level license as well.

However, in terms of battle power, Shi Yu was not inferior to a high-level Beast Tamer at all.

Only the best among the high-level Beast Tamers, which were also the quasi-master-level Beast Tamers who could fight against monarch-level creatures, had the strength to defeat Shi Yu.

Usually, such people were the core force even in the school teams of the nine major schools.

At the moment, although Eleven was very strong, it was still much, much weaker than those monarch-level pets with energy values that could easily exceed millions.

Even if he relied on Inner Power to erupt, it was very difficult to resist.

After all, it couldn’t enjoy the enhancement of the Beast Tamer’s talent, nor could it have a combination skill like Yu Shu’s pet.

Shi Yu didn’t mind. After all, Eleven had just evolved and broken through. There were a lot of racial skills to be learned.

Slowly, it was only a matter of time before his battle power reached the pseudo monarch level.

“Hahahaha.”

After passing the assessment, Master Qu Jie did not stay long at all. He directly sent everyone out.

Outside, when he thought of Master Qu Jie’s dark face, Dean Hao smiled very happily.

As expected of a pet that completed its evolution with his help. It was indeed strong!!!

Apart from the Flame Battle Soul, none of Master Qu Jie’s Bull-headed Beast King skills were lower than perfect proficiency.

Even so, Eleven still suppressed him very badly at the same level.

Dean Hao already had a premonition that Shi Yu would become a very impressive Beast Tamer in the future.

Eleven would also become a guardian-like pet that stood tall in Dong Huang.

As the person who made all of this happen, Dean Hao felt a sense of accomplishment.

After all, he was also a teacher. He enjoyed the feeling of nurturing people into talents.

“Uncle Lin, Senior Sister, you guys are satisfied now, right?”

Shi Yu looked at Master Lin Hongnian and Senior Panda.

The two of them rushed over to see Eleven’s strength after evolution. There shouldn’t be any regrets now, right?

“Haha, of course I’m satisfied.” Lin Hongnian smiled.

“By the way, my daughter’s Iron-eating Beast doesn’t seem to have a spouse yet. Shi Yu, take a look. Can your Eleven and her Flower pair up?”

He felt that Eleven’s bloodline was too impressive. It would be a pity if he didn’t make a little Iron-Eating Beast.

Shi Yu, Lin Xiuzhu:???

Dean Hao also had a strange expression. This Hall Master Lin was really amazing.

But that made sense… If Eleven had a cub, its talent potential would probably be off the charts.

There should be a bunch of Beast Tamers willing to pay hundreds of millions to apply for raising. After all, their parents’ potential and talent were too strong.

“This…” Shi Yu was embarrassed.” Eleven is still a little young, right? He’s only two. “

Lin Xiuzhu also had a helpless expression. Her Iron-eating Beast was already 11 or 10 years older.

Although age wasn’t an issue?

“I’m just saying.” Hall Master Lin chuckled.

It couldn’t be rushed… Eleven was indeed a little young.

Then, everyone sat in Dean Hao’s car in satisfaction.

Their destination was not the school, but the restaurant.

In order to celebrate Eleven’s evolution, Shi Yu had to treat everyone to a big meal no matter what.

After lunch.

The panda father and daughter didn’t plan to stay long in the ancient capital. After all, there were still a lot of things to settle in Ping Cheng.

After satisfying their curiosity, the father and daughter went back.

In the end, only Dean Hao drove Shi Yu back to school.

In the car.

Dean Hao couldn’t help but ask again, “Shiyu, do you really not have any intention of upgrading that index to a mechanical life form?”

Shi Yu smiled bitterly. “No, really.”

“But I’m actually quite interested in mechanical suits.”

“It’s not impossible if the index can become a part of a battleship and mecha.”

Dean Hao smiled. “Mechanical lives like mechas have higher requirements for Beast Tamers.”

Apart from orthodox Mechanics, even if some Beast Tamers wanted to contract mechanical lives, they would only choose simple machines like laser swords and electromagnetic guns.

Ordinary Beast Tamers really couldn’t control the life of a mecha, nor did they know how to upgrade and maintain it.

“Ah, this…” Shi Yu felt that it was a pity.

“By the way, after I start school, can I choose a Mechanic course?”

Dean Hao laughed and said, “No problem, no problem, but every department is a big field of study. Are you sure you can learn it?”

Shi Yu said, “No problem. I’m not going deep. I just want to have a rough understanding.”

One way or another, Shi Yu really wanted Dean Hao’s Gundam. Oh, wait, mecha.

When there was a chance in the future, he would definitely make one.

He wanted to understand Mechanical Life and Mechanic skills well. After all, he had the skill index. Perhaps he could find another way to become a Mechanic.

It was fine if he did not understand the upgrade of his mechanical suit. When he looked at the Purple Electric mechanical suit, he saw that some of the skills recorded in the skill index could also be taught to mechanical lives!

In short, Mechas were still a man’s romance!

…

After arriving at school, Shi Yu returned to his dormitory.

At this moment, Eleven had just recovered.

Although the attack just now was strong, it directly crippled its right palm. The various parts of its body also suffered huge injuries from overloading the lightning.

Even if Eleven used high-speed healing, it couldn’t recover immediately. It lacked energy.

Fortunately, Shi Yu and the others still had the invincible Ginseng Baby.

Under the knock-off Fruits of Life that Baby Ginseng quickly created, Eleven quickly became lively.

However, it was a pity that the lightning energy from the Purple Electric Mecha in its body was all gone.

In the source of physical strength in a restrained state, there was no longer any energy.

In this way, even if it evolved again, it wouldn’t be able to erupt with the super strong state it had just now.

If he still wanted to have that state, he could only spend money.

Using metal-element energy crystals and thunder-element energy crystals, he could increase the upper limit of his energy through the spending limit.

“Although Inner Power is powerful and one of the most powerful super skills, the drawbacks are also very obvious… It costs money.”

“Fortunately, Eleven has awakened the ability of storage lightning. This way, even if it’s lightning in nature, it can still be absorbed and stored as energy. This is very cheap.”

“It seems that in the future, on rainy days and thunderstorm days, Eleven will have to fly into the sky and be struck by lightning. It’s impossible to feed energy crystals. It’s fine if it’s just one or two battles, but it definitely won’t be able to withstand it for a long time.”

The only pity was that in nature, there were relatively few metal-element natural environments, unlike lightning environments.

Now that he thought about it, Shi Yu felt that his secondary attributes were really on the right path.

Thunder types were too easy to absorb from nature for free, and the natural thunderstorm energy was not small!

It perfectly matched Inner Power.

But if it were time and space, where would they go to replenish their energy quickly and exceed the limit? Even Eleven’s own metal power wasn’t as easy to accumulate as thunder power.

…

“Wuuu!!!”

In the ruins, Eleven was floating with a smug look on its face, showing off its power to the bugs and ginseng babies.

“Ji!!” “Yi!!”

Buggy and Ginseng Baby were both envious and proud.

That was all?

After they evolved, they would definitely be stronger.

Also, who was the one who despised evolution at the start? Why was it so excited after evolution?

Buggy and Baby Ginseng despised it.

“Sob.” Eleven slowly landed. It was going to train hard. It had taken too many shortcuts to evolve. It was time to make up for it.

When Eleven decided to go for training, Shi Yu happened to enter.

After he entered, the three pets immediately looked at Shi Yu.

“Eleven, go train yourself. You have nothing to do for the next month.”

Eleven: QAQ

“Ji!!” “Yi!!!” Buggy and Baby Ginseng agreed with both hands.

Eleven was too strong. Let’s strengthen Buggy and ginseng babies!

“Sob.” Eleven clenched its fist in excitement. It didn’t matter. It was very strong and hardworking now. It was invincible. It didn’t matter if it didn’t get to add more points.

With that, it ran off to train.

There was even a very excited smile on its face.

Evolution was so good.

It, Panda King Eleven, was really invincible this time.

It looked forward to the next evolution!

Shi Yu smiled and looked at Eleven, who was still running away like a child.

He planned to let Eleven, who had just evolved, settle down and adapt to the next two states.

In addition, he should take advantage of this time to upgrade Buggy.

This was really quite urgent.

After all, the lifespan of a worm wasn’t comparable to that of a baby ginseng or Eleven.

Shi Yu planned to let Buggy evolve in the near future.

“Buggy, I’m preparing to arrange your evolution next,” Shi Yu said. Buggy was overjoyed.

“So, I’m going to give Baby Ginseng more points.”

Buggy:???

Baby Ginseng was overjoyed. What was going on?

But it liked it.

“The money for the evolution materials isn’t enough for the time being. Next, Buggy, you create more Worm Silk. I’ll increase the sweetness and nutritional skills of the Ginseng Baby. Let’s sell Worm Silk, spices, and nutritional supplements to earn it!!”

Buggy was ecstatic again. That works too.

Baby Ginseng cried crazily. So it was adding points to sell supplements.

“Calm down, calm down. When Buggy’s evolution is over, it’s your turn. You have to follow the order of entry.”

“Now, add the skill level. When the time comes, sell more money. You also have money for your evolution materials.” Shi Yu patted the Radish Baby.

Upon hearing this, Baby Ginseng nodded determinedly. So be it. It was all for a better future!!

“Hu…”

At this moment, looking at the two pets, Shi Yu planned to test the limits of his contracted ginseng baby.

After the Beast Taming Space upgraded, the upper limit of his physique and physique increased. After contracting the Ginseng Baby, his physical recovery speed increased again. After Eleven evolved and broke through, it brought great benefits to Shi Yu.

The current Shi Yu was in his best state.

Two days.

He gave himself two days.

School would start in three days. He wanted to upload the skill points of Baby Ginseng and Worm in two days. Then, he would sell the products of their “Dao Proficiency-level skills to the rich lady gem cat who liked to collect rare treasures in Ancient Capital University to exchange for a small sum of money to buy evolution materials.

If it went smoothly, perhaps when school started, Buggy could turn into a cocoon.

Moreover, its physique could also reach another limit.

“Come on.” Shi Yu’s expression was determined.

…

Currently, the sweetness of the ginseng baby was at perfection, and the nutritional content was at expert level.

Shi Yu felt that he could still take the exhaustion of one low-level skill and one mid-level skill.

Then, the green worm spat out the worm silk into a pile of boxes in pain and joy.

As for Shi Yu, he held the ginseng baby and increased his points crazily.

With every point added, Shi Yu’s physique improved after recovering from the sweet smell.

At the same time, the skill proficiency of the baby ginseng and its energy level could also increase.

Initially, Shi Yu thought that everything would go smoothly.

However, an accident still happened.

Shi Yu was stunned when he upgraded the sweetness aura of the ginseng baby from “transcendent” to “full”.

Beep… Beep… Beep…

The energy value of the ginseng baby reached 9999…

Then, a white light filled its body. It directly underwent a growth transformation.

Its aura kept rising, and its energy kept erupting. Shi Yu’s detector could clearly see that its energy value was jumping crazily.

Obviously, Baby Ginseng’s growth level went from transcendent to commander rank.. Just like Eleven, it broke through!