Chapter 169 - Giving You A Chance Is Useless

Chapter 169: Giving You A Chance Is Useless

Translator:

Atlas Studios

Editor:

Atlas Studios

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

This was impossible, this was impossible, this was impossible!

Shi Yu was the first to go on stage. After insta-killing his opponent in one round, countless people muttered this sentence.

Zhang Qianyi and the others from Shi Yu’s batch looked at this commander rank “ginseng baby” in disbelief.

He couldn’t understand why a ginseng baby not only had combat power, but was also so ferocious.

The feeling that the beam just now gave everyone was that it was almost a crushing level of destructive power!

“It feels like an energy storage beam skill…”

Someone muttered, “Baby Ginseng can master the storage beam?”

“Bullshit storage beam, how can a storage beam have this power? Didn’t you hear him? This is a Light Clearing Cannon. It should be a special super skill that only a certain baby ginseng race can master… It’s just that I’ve never heard of it before.”

What a powerful Light Clearing Cannon. Countless people had learned something new.

“Is this the Beast Tamer of a big city?”

Why didn’t these pets follow the routine!

The Gu Master Miao Dongdong sat in the audience in confusion. This didn’t make sense. Where did Shi Yu get these pets that had mastered strange skills!

“There might be a top-notch skill teacher behind this Shi Yu,” a girl wearing a headband beside Miao Dongdong said.

“Skill teacher?” Miao Dongdong turned around.

“It’s very similar to the elders of our tribe. They have mastered many skill manuals. It’s a branch profession of the Feeder. The most powerful skill teacher in Dong Huang had managed to make one of their pets master a hundred skills,” the girl in the lead handkerchief said.

“A hundred?!” Miao Dongdong widened his eyes. This was a person?

“Her comprehensive ability strengthening talent can make it easier for pets to learn external skills of the race. There are also a few skill teachers in Ancient Capital University. Although they can’t reach that level, they all have their own secret manuals. You can save up some credits. When the time comes, ask them to help pets awaken deterrence in advance or learn other skills,” the girl in the lead handkerchief instructed.

“Forget it… I haven’t understood my pet race skill yet.” Miao Dongdong was speechless.

Everyone looked at the venue again.

Commander-level ginseng baby.

At this moment, everyone understood why Shi Yu could have commander-level battle power in advance.

As a supplement-type pet, even if the level was higher, the baby ginseng could feed the Beast Tamer’s physical recovery speed. In addition, it could provide supplements at all times. It was much easier for the Beast Tamer to withstand it than to withstand battle pets of the same level.

If that was the case, it could be understood. This was considered a kind of sneaky escape method, but not every Beast Tamer was willing to do this. Apart from Medical-type Beast Tamers, very few Beast Tamers were willing to nurture supplement-type pets.

Everyone completely didn’t expect that Shi Yu, the top scholar of the ancient capital, would actually choose a ginseng baby instead of a high-level battle pet… Shi Yu didn’t have any strengthening talent either. In theory, telepathy was one of the talents that didn’t consume physical strength the most. A supplement-type pet was completely meaningless to Shi Yu.

However, no one could say that this choice was bad, because this ginseng baby’s battle power was indeed a little stronger.

“Not bad!!!”

In the training ground, Hong Xiao was the most embarrassed.

Right now, he only wanted to find a hole to hide in.

Heavens, Hong Xiao, what exactly have you done?

He actually let a new student torture him in public!

Senior Hong Xiao’s face flushed red as he retracted the Flame Three-Headed Bird.

“Junior, next, I’ll send out stronger pets and use my Beast Taming Talent.”

His heart trembled, hoping to regain his composure in the next battle.

Hong Xiao admitted that he had been careless just now.

This mistake shouldn’t have been made.

He already had a premonition that he would definitely be scolded by the president when he returned later!

It didn’t matter if their strength was inferior, but losing because they underestimated the enemy was a huge taboo in the battle club!

“President, this Shi Yu…” On the platform, the other students of the battle club looked at White Brook.

White Brook shook her head. She didn’t really understand, but it seemed that this ginseng baby was more abnormal than she imagined!

As expected of a pet recommended by Senior Lu!

As expected of a genius supplement that ate the Fruit of Life and didn’t explode but instead evolved!

She didn’t expect that there was actually a talent to master attack skills. Shi Yu had picked up a treasure.

“Remember, Hong Xiao underestimated the enemy. When he comes back, his training volume will double. Flame Three-Headed Bird, obeyed the Beast Tamer’s wrong command and underestimated the enemy. Without its own judgment, it will increase by one level. The training volume will be super doubled.” White Brook patted the table and said,

“Although Shi Yu has a lot of potential, he’s only a new student after all. There’s still one round. Give Hong Xiao another chance! This time, it’s only a light punishment!”

“If this is the performance of the members of the battle club… What will the other new students think?”

The members of the battle club beside him didn’t dare to say a word. They looked at Hong Xiao sympathetically. All the best. There’s still one more chance. This time, give it a try… Seeing Hong Xiao lose so badly, they also felt ashamed.

At the same time.

On the venue.

After Hong Xiao toughed out the embarrassment, he summoned another pet.

“Roar!!!!”

The moment this pet appeared, a dazzling red light shot out of the arena, and a shocking hot wind spread on the ground. At this moment, the temperature of the entire arena seemed to have increased a lot!!

In the loud roar, Hong Xiao sent out a red dinosaur-type creature!

Its scarlet skin was like the combination of a lizard and a dinosaur. It had huge wings, a strong body, and a thick tail. This was a subspecies of dragon species with a weak dragon bloodline. It was a high class commander rank species, the Flame Dragon Lizard!

“Roar!!!” The nearly three-meter-tall Exploding Flame Dragon Lizard swung its thick red tail and stared at Baby Ginseng with its fiery red eyes.

“The Flame Dragon Lizard… he didn’t summon his monarch level trump card.”

Seeing that Hong Xiao’s second pet was still not his trump card, many students were stunned.

As one of the famous people in the school, many students were not unfamiliar with Hong Xiao’s configuration.

He had a pet of a low-level monarch race. That was the trump card!

But soon, they were relieved. This was only a recruitment assessment. Using an ace was too harsh.

Even if this Exploding Flame Dragon Lizard wasn’t Hong Xiao’s trump card, its strength was enough to be ranked second in his team!

[Energy Points]: 41,168

Beep… Beep… Beep…

[Energy Points]: 56,167

The energy value of this Exploding Flame Dragon Lizard quickly appeared in front of Shi Yu!

Although it was only a high class commander species, because it was a rare subspecies dragon species, its energy level was terrifyingly high, comparable to some low class monarch species with relatively weak energy points!

What was even more ridiculous was that in front of Shi Yu, the energy value of the Flame Dragon Lizard suddenly increased fiercely, quickly reaching 50,0006!

It increased by a whole 105,000!

It wasn’t a move that relied on external forces to erupt with stronger power, but…

Shi Yu looked at Hong Xiao and saw that red light had already spread around Senior Hong Xiao. His entire body was already wrapped in a red arc, and even his gaze was suffused with a faint fiery red. The Flame Strengthening Talent from the Beast Tamer was directly used on the Exploding Flame Dragon Lizard at this moment!

It increased the quality of the Flame Dragon Lizard’s flame power, indirectly increasing the amount.

It made its strength increase by a full level!

Apart from the fact that it might not have super skills, its various qualities were already not inferior to low-level monarch species pets!

Boom!

The crazy heat wave made Baby Ginseng take a step back and reveal a serious expression.

If one were to say that the flaming three-headed bird just now was no threat to it…

Then this Exploding Flame Dragon Lizard, which had been strengthened by the Beast Tamer, was already qualified to heavily injure it!

Facing the other party’s fire-element moves, even if Baby Ginseng had the source of life and healing skills, if it was hit, it would definitely not feel good. After all, the attribute restraint more or less existed.

“Strengthening Talent…” Shi Yu took a deep breath when he saw Senior Hong Xiao and the Exploding Flame Dragon Lizard erupting with all their might.

The reason why Beast Tamers’ pets were stronger than wild ferocious beasts was partly because of careful cultivation, system, and science. On the other hand, it was because of the various talents of Beast Tamers.

The Exploding Flame Dragon Lizard was only a mere high class commander species. Under the enhancement of the Beast Tamer, its various qualities at the moment weren’t much weaker than low class monarch races.

For people like Hong Xiao, their Beast Taming Talent development should be relatively poor.

After all, he was really young.

It was also by relying on various Beast Taming Talents that Beast Tamers could fight higher-level pets. Those titles of quasi-master, top-notch master, and top-notch legend actually valued the talent development of Beast Tamers more than pets.

The increase of a Beast Tamer was the key to determining whether a pet could fight above its level!

“Roar!!!”

Because it had learned from its teammate’s mistakes, the Exploding Flame Dragon Lizard was very cautious at this moment. After it slowly took off, its gaze was always fixed on Baby Ginseng, waiting for the Beast Tamer’s command.

At this moment, seeing the extremely calm Baby Ginseng reveal a serious expression, Hong took a step back and smiled.

He felt that he could do it again.

The only lesson humans learned from history was that humans didn’t learn anything from history.

“Junior, you guys should attack first.”

Hong Xiao planned to take revenge.

However, for safety’s sake, glittering scale-like structures had already appeared on the smooth skin of the Exploding Flame Dragon Lizard!

Fire and Dragon Dual Attack Skill, Fire Dragon Scale!

It was the favorite of alternative dragons!

At this moment, the defense of the Exploding Flame Dragon Lizard was comparable to the Three-headed Flame Bird.

Clearing Light Cannon, come on!

At this moment, seeing that Hong Xiao “didn’t underestimate the enemy” and was fully armed, many people nodded at the members of the battle club.

Yu Shu, the half Dragon Tamer, sensed the huge aura of the dragon lizard and recovered from the shock of Shi Yu.

“Shi Yu… This guy…”

“No matter how ridiculous and unscientific this ginseng baby is, it should end here.”

“After all, this is an assessment for older students. Why would a new student like him join in the fun…”

“Moreover, he probably only has one commander, Ginseng Baby. This fellow got lucky. He definitely won’t have it anymore.” Yu Shu kept convincing himself. After all, the Ginseng Baby was only a supplement!

At the same time, on the venue.

“Alright.” Shi Yu slowly raised his head.

He quickly analyzed it.

And gave Baby Ginseng an attack command.

“Sweet aura.”

Buzz!

Shi Yu gave the order. Baby Ginseng brewed for a second. In the next moment, a huge pink gas bloomed from its ginseng flower!

If the previous Light Clearing Cannon had confused many spectators, then now, the audience didn’t understand Shi Yu’s intention!

Sweet aura?

Wasn’t this a supplement-type skill to relieve fatigue?

Releasing this thing… was to relieve someone’s fatigue?

His?

Yu Shu and the other candidates from Shi Yu’s batch widened their eyes. They kept feeling that things weren’t that simple.

Now, Baby Ginseng was like a supplement, but would everything be that simple?

“This isn’t ordinary sweetness…”

A moment later, everyone suddenly realized that there was something wrong with this sweetness!

The problem was the spreading speed!

This didn’t look like a wood-element sweet aura skill at all. Instead, it looked like a combination of light and wind!!

The moment the sweet aura was released, it rumbled. In the blink of an eye, the sweet aura spread and actually covered the entire arena and sky!

The Exploding Flame Dragon Lizard also stopped for a moment in the blink of an eye. It realized that the sweet aura had already lingered around and was even absorbed into its body!

The smell spread at a ridiculous speed. It might even be faster than the attack speed of the beam just now!

After the sweet aura reached transcendent proficiency, Baby Ginseng could casually control the speed at which the sweet aura spread. Now, the sweet aura at the Dao Proficiency level spreads at an even more ridiculous speed.

“What’s with the sweet aura?” White Brook and the others frowned.

Under their gazes, the Exploding Flame Dragon Lizard directly inhaled a large amount of sweetness!

“Don’t breathe!!!”

Seeing the Exploding Flame Dragon Lizard’s nose wrinkle, Hong Xiao’s eyes widened. He was not stupid, nor did he think that Shi Yu was a fool to take the initiative to help the enemy relieve their fatigue.

There was definitely something wrong with this sweet aura. He didn’t plan to let the Flame Dragon Lizard absorb it with him, but before he could order it, the sweet aura entered the Flame Dragon Lizard’s body at lightning speed!

“Roar!!”

The Exploding Flame Dragon Lizard blinked innocently. It was too much.

Moreover, it was just a little sweet. What did it matter? It didn’t feel threatened at all. It even felt that the power in its body was even more active…

Buzz!

The Exploding Flame Dragon Lizard was still acting as if nothing had happened. However, in the next second, its wings suddenly stopped, and its eyes gradually turned red and chaotic. At this moment, Hong Xiao even felt that the mental connection between him and the Exploding Flame Dragon Lizard had been instantly broken by the chaotic and violent emotions produced by the Exploding Flame Dragon Lizard!

Hong Xiao’s pupils were constricted.

As expected, something was wrong.

Everyone discovered the abnormality of the Flame Dragon Lizard.

“What’s going on…”

Everyone was confused. Wasn’t this ordinary sweetness?

Shi Yu and Baby Ginseng… What special strategy were they up to again?

“After inhaling that sweet aura, it will indeed relieve fatigue and the effect is very good. However, if the pet’s state is already very full, it will produce a certain amount of excitement due to its special scent, falling into chaos…”

Shi Yu chuckled.

Apart from using the sweet aura of Dao Proficiency to simulate tempting auras, it could also be used to simulate some dangerous auras, such as the hypnotic aura, the stink, and the special scent that made life forms confused!

While letting Baby Ginseng take the plants like the gem mint to learn how to simulate the aura, Shi Yu also found many other plants.

One of them was called the “Flower of Chaos”. It was a ferocious plant that relied on its aura to cause chaos in the energy of living creatures.

Now, with the abnormality of the Flame Dragon Lizard, everyone was stunned.

Damn.

It was indeed not a proper supplement pet.

Who dared to inhale this sweet aura?

Are you sure this is sweet gas, not poisonous gas?

Hong Xiao was also stunned. What was going on?

Idiot dragon, I already said not to inhale randomly. The other party put rat poison in the candy!

After Shi Yu finished explaining, Baby Ginseng had already thrown several Energy Fruits into the sky.

The Energy Fruit was thrown very high.

Moreover, it emitted an extremely tempting fragrance.

“Holy shit, what’s this?”

“It looks… like nutrition.”

“The racial skill of the ginseng fruit tree… is also a supplement skill.”

“Do you believe it? I don’t believe it… It’s probably not a poisonous fruit…” The audience was smart.

It had already realized that this was definitely not a proper ginseng baby.

However, although everyone realized it, the confused dragon lizard didn’t.

After the Flame Dragon Lizard in the chaotic state smelled it, it was like a hungry dog that had seen someone throwing bones. It drooled without any ability to think!

“Roar!!” It roared loudly, flapped its wings, and charged at the few fruits.

“Idiot, come back!!!” Seeing Baby Ginseng throw out the “nutritional supplements” right after spreading “sweet aura”, how could Hong Xiao still dare to let his pet come into contact with it? However, at this moment, under the extreme chaos, the Exploding Flame Dragon Lizard completely ignored the Beast Tamer, making Hong Xiao howl in anger.

“Wake up, don’t eat.” Hong Xiao was going crazy.

As he shouted, he saw that the Flame Dragon Lizard was about to touch the Energy Fruit.

He wanted to take back the Exploding Flame Dragon Lizard and change his pet, but it was already too late. The moment the Exploding Flame Dragon Lizard approached, these few fruits were already filled with white light.

With a thought from Baby Ginseng, with a boom, the fruit immediately changed in the sky!

The fruit first flashed with a dazzling white light, then a loud bang was instantly heard. Then, like an explosive, the light kept expanding and instantly swallowed the Flame Dragon Lizard!!

Everyone’s expressions froze again.

Hong Xiao’s gaze nearly exploded.

F*ck…

It could even f*cking explode?

This… this might as well be a poisonous fruit.

That was more scientific. When it was supplemented to the extreme, it would be poisonous. They accepted it!

However, the explosion was f*cking ridiculous!!!

“Holy shit, this power…” Someone covered his eyes.

At this moment, huge energy rushed out of the consecutive fruits. With a world-shaking bang, the rolling energy tide rose into the sky like an earth-shattering sandstorm, squeezing each other and overlapping!

The white smoke that was swept up with a bang swept up energy fluctuations. It was like enchanting white roses blooming in the sky, or like dazzling suns releasing strong light.

The strong wind could be clearly felt by every audience in the venue.

After the white light, countless people widened their eyes and looked at the dragon lizard in the “nutritional supplements” that exploded with a bang, their expressions stunned again.

Boom!!!

Under Hong Xiao’s confused expression, the Flame Dragon Lizard was smashed by the huge energy impact in the sky and fell rapidly. With a loud bang, its broken body appeared in the huge gravel pit that was born on the ground with a loud bang.

The energy level of the attack just now was several times that of the energy storage beam.

It directly tore apart the dragon scale of the Flame Dragon Lizard and heavily injured it.

The shocking change made the scene silent again.

“You guys…” Senior Hong Xiao’s hand trembled slightly, and he had yet to recover.

Sweet aura, nutrients?

Hahahaha, supplement pet, so good.

“Freak!” Zhang Qian, Miao Dongdong, and the others’ pupils constricted. They looked at the motionless ginseng baby rooted in the ground and found it even more difficult to understand!

“That ginseng baby, baby…” Yu Shu stuttered. Mom, what was going on!!!

His gaze was empty. The alternative dragon species was killed by two supplement skills?

Although he already knew that the ginseng baby was very strong in the first round, after Hong Xiao used his strengthening talent and sent out a stronger pet, the ability displayed by this ginseng baby was even more ridiculous!

This time, Yu Shu completely collapsed. His values were shattered.

Was Shi Yu still human?

The previous iron-eating beasts and green worm were already unscientific.

The new trump card was even more unscientific!

Sweet gas and nutrients could be used to attack?

On the platform, many members of the battle club watched this outcome with twitching mouths.

In the arena, the dragon lizard slowly crawled up with a blank expression. Although it didn’t lose its battle power, it didn’t look like it could continue fighting.

“Senior, do you want to continue?” Shi Yu’s voice sounded like a demon’s whisper in the ears of the stunned Hong Xiao.

His heart stopped. He wanted to send a monarch species pet to take revenge…

However, at this moment, a low voice came from the platform.

White Brook’s mouth opened and closed. Finally, after a long period of silence, she said, “Hong Xiao, come back here.”

“Shi Yu passed the assessment. Next.”

At this moment, many members of the battle club looked at the crying Hong Xiao and felt uncomfortable. Little Hong, oh Little Hong, the president gave you a chance. You guys didn’t treasure it…

However, one way or another, this Junior Shi Yu… No wonder the president thought so highly of him. They looked at Baby Ginseng, who had a calm expression and looked rather strong. They were speechless. That baby ginseng should be Shi Yu’s current trump card. This strength was indeed not inferior to ordinary battle club members.. They were only in their first year!