Chapter 174 - Ice Dragon General

Chapter 174: Ice Dragon General

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Ancient Capital, ruins protected area, Heroic Ruins, above the summoning altar.

At this moment, as a peerless and extraordinary figure appeared from the heroic spirit ruins, everyone around the altar suddenly fell silent.

He looked at the figure quietly.

And her contribution introduction.

Wang Ling, Yu Shu, and the others had dry voices.

Damn, how was this possible?

It was off the charts!

“This…”

Director Li, Dean He, Instructor Xu, and the others were also stunned.

A legendary general that had never been recorded in history?

The strongest individual general under Emperor Shi??

Everyone felt as if their hearts had been squeezed.

From the merits introduction, this seemed to be the second strongest battle power of the first generation of the Dong Huang Dynasty!

Unbelievable!

Why wasn’t such a person recorded in the history books?

Also, if everything that was happening in front of him was real… Then this should be the strongest heroic spirit that had appeared in the ruins of the heroic spirit.

How did Shi Yu summon such an existence…

This boy was really a monster.

“The fourth general…” In the crowd, Wang Ling suddenly recalled what Shi Yu had said to him in class. His brain suddenly buzzed.

[Shi Yu: As everyone knows, there are four of the three generals. There’s nothing wrong with that, right?]

“Holy shit.” Wang Ling was shocked.

He felt that he and Shi Yu were not playing the same game.

So Shi Yu already knew what he could summon before coming here?

Specified summoning?

Cheating!

No wonder Shi Yu said that he wanted to communicate with the ruins from an archeological perspective…

“Wait, wait.”

“It’s not fair?”

After the phantom of the Ice Dragon General appeared, everyone held their breaths and focused on waiting for the Heroic Ruins to introduce Mu Huiyin’s life.

For example, Lu Zhizhou just now, apart from his merits, the ruins also recorded almost all of his life from his birth to his death in the form of a brief introduction.

Although Lu Zhizhou’s story was also recorded in the history books, the more detailed records in the heroic spirit ruins were undoubtedly another confirmation and supplement to history.

Compared to Lu Zhizhou, Mu Huiyin was undoubtedly more mysterious now. Her achievements were even more shocking!

Everyone wanted to know everything about this mysterious general.

“Why not?”

“Why isn’t it showing anymore?”

Everyone waited.

However, a moment later, everyone was stunned.

Apart from the name and huge merits, there didn’t seem to be any more detailed information about Mu Huiyin in the Heroic Ruins.

It seemed that not only in history, but even the time emperor who built the heroic spirit ruins didn’t have much information about her!

“Why…” Shi Yu stared at the phantom and was very confused.

It was fine if there were no records in history.

Why weren’t there any records of the heroic spirit ruins?

As a national hero of that era, there was no reason for this treatment.

There must be some unknown information hidden among them!

Why didn’t the frost dragon say so at that time!

Just as everyone didn’t know what was going on, something unexpected happened.

“Impossible…”

“What’s going on…”

Looking at the sky above the altar, some students suddenly spoke in shock.

Shi Yu’s gaze suddenly constricted.

At this moment, Mu Huiyin’s figure seemed to have walked out of the heroic spirit ruins, gradually revealing her clear face.

After all, for thousands of years, the appearance and figure of the heroic spirits summoned from the ruins were almost unclear.

But when it came to the Ice Dragon General… it completely changed.

In the next moment, everyone was stunned by the Ice Dragon General in front of them.

She had a beautiful face and was peerlessly handsome. She was wearing armor and a longsword. She had red hair and red eyes. Outside her phantom body that was like a soul, she was wrapped in spiritual aura that was like the flames of the sun. Her aura was peerless!

It really was like an ancient general descending into this world!

What was even more unbelievable was that everyone could clearly see Mu Huiyin’s gaze sweeping across everyone.

This made everyone open their mouths in disbelief.

Then, the spirit body that landed on the altar locked onto Shi Yu and spoke slowly.

“How many years is it now?”

Her voice sounded, shocking everyone.

Holy shit!

Holy shit!

As the spiritual body that appeared from the heroic spirit ruins spoke, everyone present widened their eyes again. How was this possible!!

Weren’t the heroic spirits summoned from the heroic spirit ruins brand new life forms without any memories?!

What was going on!!!

The spirit… spoke??

Shi Yu was also slightly shocked.

This didn’t make sense!

According to his understanding, the heroic spirits here couldn’t possibly have consciousness.

What had he awakened…

“2300 years after Emperor Shi established the Dong Huang Dynasty.”

Shi Yu endured his shock and looked at the heroic spirit he had accidentally summoned.

Mu Huiyin’s expression was emotionless.

“Is the dynasty still around?”

“The dynasty established by Emperor Shi has already died, but later on, someone rebuilt it again and repeated it until now.”

Shi Yu replied.

“Why was it destroyed?”

Mu Huiyin asked.

“I don’t know,” Shi Yu answered and asked, “You don’t know either?”

Mu Huiyin shook her head.

“Including me, all the spiritual bodies here are traces of power preserved by Emperor Shi through the power of time. I don’t know what happened in the late stages of the dynasty.”

“I’m just a trace of Mu Huiyin’s power. Perhaps she experienced everything herself, but I’ve always been here.”

She was an exception. She was the only spiritual body here that preserved part of its consciousness, and the only heroic spirit whose life had not been recorded.

After Mu Huiyin finished speaking, Director Li and the other archeological faculty mentors trembled slightly.

As expected.

There were many theories in the archeology world about how Emperor Shi modified the heroic spirit ruins!

Among them, some said that it was Emperor Shi who buried all the heroic souls here.

Some also said that Emperor Shi had copied a portion of their power at a certain node through the power of time, preserved it, and branded it here. Then, the traces of power settled over time and became heroic spirits under the baptism of the power of faith.

From the looks of it, it was indeed the latter.

The true bodies and souls of those heroes had either been destroyed or buried somewhere.

As for the undead born in the ruins of the heroic spirit, they were the same as the sword spirits and book spirits evolved from the elemental life forms evolved from the elements. They were completely new transcendent undead born from the combination of traces of power and faith.

Because of this, there were no memories of the predecessor. Because of this, there were various forms. Because of this, the forms of power were almost the same…

Emperor Shi’s method shocked the Beast Tamers present again.

This was equivalent to creating a new undead race.

His methods were not much weaker than Mechanics who could create mechanical lives in the modern era.

Time element… was indeed mysterious and powerful.

At this moment, when he heard Mu Huiyin’s heroic spirit’s answer, Shi Yu fell into deep thought.

Didn’t she know anything?

From the looks of it, this heroic spirit didn’t know about the subsequent suppression of the Ice River Totem by Mu Huiyin and the frost dragon?

After all, this ruin had been established quite early. Mu Huiyin should still be young at that time.

“Why… are there no records of you here or in the outside world?”

Shi Yu asked Mu Huiyin’s spirit.

He had a new guess.

Standing on the altar of the heroic spirit ruins, Shi Yu wanted to understand two things.

He wanted to know why Emperor Shi died and why the first generation of the Dong Huang Dynasty was destroyed.

Second, it was why the Ice Dragon General was not recorded in history.

Mu Huiyin’s spirit body didn’t answer.

However, when Shi Yu looked at the characteristics of the Ice Dragon General, he deduced, “You didn’t get Emperor Shi to record your story?”

As Shi Yu finished speaking, Mu Huiyin looked at him.

Everyone looked at Shi Yu.

“Did that dragon tell you?”

“I guessed so.”

How could there be no record of a top legend whose battle power was off the charts and whose battle merits were off the charts? It was most likely that someone had deliberately erased her traces.

“Then continue to guess why I erased my traces.” There was no change in Mu Huiyin’s expression.

She and Shi Yu looked at each other.

At this moment, all the instructors, mentors, and students present were numb. They had no idea what was going on in front of them.

The situation was terrifying.

Even Instructor Xu and the others were trembling.

Damn, the fourth general under Emperor Shi… who knew it’d be this exciting? Also, this student named Shi Yu, he was so brave.

On the altar, Shi Yu looked straight at the Ice Dragon General.

The difference between Mu Huiyin and the image in his mind was very big.

He originally thought that the Ice Dragon General came from the Icefield Tribe, contracted the Ice Dragon, and titled the Ice Dragon. It would be a Beast Tamer with the talent of ice-element Beast Taming, but… from the fluctuations of her strength, her strength was fire-element!

This didn’t make sense!

The power of the Ice Dragon General, the owner of the Ice Dragon, had talent that leaned towards fire? Moreover, her hair color and eye color…

“You… aren’t a purebred human?” Shi Yu took a deep breath.

In that unstable period, a top expert had always fought alone. Apart from being ridiculously strong and no one could cooperate with her, there was another possibility. It was very difficult for her to integrate into the group, or rather, she didn’t want to integrate into the group.

In addition, if there was a reason why someone didn’t want their identity to be recorded, there was a possibility that even she hated her identity.

Shi Yu looked at the various characteristics of the Ice Dragon General. Her image gradually overlapped with the image of another character in history. He judged that she wasn’t a purebred human, but a hybrid of a human and another race!

At this moment, as Shi Yu finished speaking, the Ice Dragon General still didn’t say anything. Instead, the 600 plus students present suddenly opened their mouths wide with shock.

Holy shit.

What was Shi Yu saying…

They looked at the heroic spirit of the Ice Dragon General in disbelief.

At this moment, Mu Huiyin’s heroic spirit looked at the humans present with a calm expression. “You don’t seem to dislike this identity.”

She didn’t deny Shi Yu’s speculation.

Moreover, she discovered that when the people of later generations heard this, their reaction was very different from the humans of her era.

Those who were not of the same race would definitely have different hearts. This was the common concept of that era.

But now, Mu Huiyin’s heroic spirit strangely discovered that many young humans were looking at her with stars in their eyes, as if they worshiped and were curious… Their thoughts were especially open.

Unbelievable…

“Of course not,” Shi Yu said. “After all, you’re the hero of Dong Huang.”

“That’s really a good era,” Mu Huiyin’s heroic spirit said.

In her era, even if she became a human hero in the end, she still couldn’t be trusted.

Mu Huiyin, who had had enough of being ostracized and suspected, finally chose to dilute her existence.

It was even to the extent that because of this, she didn’t marry in her lifetime and completely severed this bloodline.

Because of this bloodline, she went through a lot of pain and could only contract powerful ice-type pets to cool down her strength.

The mixed blood gave her talent and potential, as well as many difficulties.

She didn’t want such a bloodline to be passed down to future generations.

Apart from this heroic spirit ruin, there should be very few places with her name.

“Is there anyone similar to me in history?” Mu Huiyin’s heroic spirit asked.

Shi Yu nodded.

“There was a Great Empress in the future, just like you. She wasn’t a pure human, but she ended the totem war that lasted for decades and united the Dong Huang Land again, becoming a legendary Beast Tamer like Emperor Shi.”

1

Empress!

Upon hearing Shi Yu’s words, most of the people present revealed looks of admiration. After all, this was also a great legendary figure who had liberated the Dong Huang Human Race from the hands of the totems.

In history, there were indeed many hybrids like Mu Huiyin. Their birth was a tragedy. In ancient times, they were indeed excluded. Only when the empress appeared out of nowhere did this situation change.

At this moment, when she heard Shi Yu’s words, Mu Huiyin’s expression was in a daze.

“I see. I’m inferior to her,” Mu Huiyin was relieved.

However, combined with the information that the Dong Huang Dynasty had been destroyed and the Dong Huang land had fallen into totem war again, she couldn’t help but shake her head.

In her opinion, the destruction of the Dong Huang Dynasty was not something difficult to accept. Instead, she had long expected it.

Emperor Shi’s ambition was too big.

After expelling the totem, he was not satisfied.

He also wanted to live forever and become a legend, immortal forever.

He even locked his sights onto the sleeping Mythical creature.

If he succeeded, he would soar into the sky. If he failed, he would disappear.

Although he didn’t know what path Emperor Shi chose later, from the looks of it, the outcome wasn’t very good.

This caused Dong Huang to encounter a huge calamity and fall into war again.

Fortunately… it looked like the humans in the future had survived.

After saying that, she looked at Shi Yu.

“Since you’ve awakened me, let’s see if you have the right to inherit my power.”

More than two thousand years ago, in order to leave some power for the later generations, Emperor Shi used a certain super level time and undead dual-element skill that had been developed to the extreme to imprint the traces of the power of many heroes in the Dong Huang Dynasty, letting them rely on the power of time to grow into heroic spirits.

At that time, Mu Huiyin had also preserved a portion of her power and had now evolved into an undead life form.

She looked at the sword beside her.

To be precise, the traces of her power had evolved into sword spirits.

A sword spirit of the fire element and the undead element.

Perhaps it was also related to her liking to use the sword. She had sealed her talent bloodline power inside.

This was an extremely violent sword spirit. She originally didn’t want it to be born, because probably very few Beast Tamers could control it. However, Shi Yu had awakened her with the aura of the ice dragon. At that moment, she could only try to test Shi Yu and see if he had the qualifications to control it.

“After passing my test, I’ll give you the Strength Soul Seed. You can hatch and contract it yourself.”

The appearance of Mu Huiyin’s heroic spirit shocked everyone present.

No one had expected that there was still a Titled Great General with extraordinary battle power under Emperor Shi’s command who wasn’t a purebred human.

He looked at Shi Yu in envy. Shi Yu… was about to obtain a young undead spirit of a suspected overlord race?!

“What test?” Shi Yu looked up with great interest.