Chapter 171 - The Evolution Method Of Baby Ginseng

Chapter 171: The Evolution Method of Baby Ginseng

“Then has Senior Lu been to the Heroic Ruins?”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Shi Yu asked again.

White Brook said, “I remember that she should have been there, but she wasn’t interested in contracting an undead. She only went to investigate the ruins, but unfortunately, she couldn’t find out what she wanted to know in the end.”

“Investigation?”

“Does she want to know the reason for the destruction of the Dong Huang Dynasty established by Emperor Shi?” Shi Yu recalled the question Senior Lu asked the little female dragon.

“It seems to be that!” White Brook nodded.

It was indeed that.

Why would the Dong Huang Dynasty suddenly encounter a huge calamity and be on the verge of destruction in an extremely short period of time? Then, the totem creatures that were expelled from the country made a comeback and divided the resources of the Dong Huang Continent again. These had always been the ten unsolved mysteries of the Dong Huang archeological world.

In theory, although Emperor Shi was old at that time, he still presided over the Dong Huang Ancient Country. His battle power was peerless, and there were countless successors. There was no reason for the Dong Huang Ancient Country to be destroyed so quickly, causing the Dong Huang Land to fall into war again coveted by the totems.

If it weren’t for the appearance of a person with talent not inferior to Emperor Shi, Dong Huang might have returned to the totem era and driven history backward.

What exactly happened at that time had always been one of the questions modern archeologists wanted to figure out. It was understandable that Senior Lu couldn’t forget it. Not to mention her, even a transmigrator like Shi Yu wanted to find out.

…

A moment later, Shi Yu left the recruitment venue.

After returning, he first started to read the information.

“The ten unsolved mysteries of the Dong Huang archeology world…”

Of the ten unsolved mysteries, five were related to the ancient Dong Huang Dynasty.

In the history of Dong Huang, a total of five peak dynasties had appeared.

Their common achievement was to end the totem war.

When a dynasty walked to its lowest point, it would definitely be coveted by the totem creatures again. At this moment, war often happened.

A true era of peace did not exist in the Dong Huang Ancient Country. Humans had never eliminated the threat posed by the totem creatures.

Of course, the other countries were even worse. Even now, some of the seven countries were in a state of war.

In comparison, the Dong Huang Ancient Country was considered lucky. In every era, an outstanding legendary Beast Tamer appeared.

After Emperor Shi was Emperor Wu, and after Emperor Wu was the empress. Legends of Beast Tamers with extreme talent ended the war time and time again until the modern era.

Among them, Emperor Shi was the beginning of the Beast Taming Era in the east.

The direction of the dynasty he established had an extremely important status in history.

“Since it’s ranked among the ten unsolved mysteries, it must be a mystery that many archeologists can’t solve.” Shi Yu was worried. Unlike the Ice Dragon Ruins that Bureau 11’s big boss didn’t fancy, this mystery should have been explored by many big bosses of Bureau 11.

However, they still got nothing. It wasn’t easy.

It was better not to think too much. He decided to first go to the Heroic Ruins to see if he could encounter interesting heroes. It was better not to think about the school period for the time being. Right now, accumulation was the priority!

After suppressing his curiosity, Shi Yu turned around and planned to add points and meditate.

The operation began according to the time allocation ratio of 4: 3.

Shi Yu meditated first.

The sweet aura that calmed the mind, the ruins meditation technique, and the super physique made Shi Yu use every minute and second efficiently.

Then, he added points.

After meditation, he added points, saving himself the trouble of wasting his meditation efficiency.

Shi Yu summoned the sleeping Buggy and didn’t wake it up. He just started adding points like this.

One of Buggy’s racial skills, Psychic. Under Shi Yu’s teaching, its proficiency quickly increased.

Moreover, Shi Yu would occasionally light up Buggy’s absolute sleep skill.

“Ji…” In the dream, Buggy slept very comfortably and was unwilling to wake up.

Under the baptism of the power of evolution, it had already evolved countless times in its dreams.

Among them, there were dreams and nightmares.

Sweet dreams where it evolved into beautiful butterflies, while nightmares evolved into ugly mosquitoes and beetles…

Shi Yu didn’t mind what it evolved into. Its appearance was all superficial. With Buggy’s potential, it would be extremely powerful no matter what it evolved into.

It now had an additional evolution form. Its racial potential had already exceeded its own race by too much. Shi Yu no longer had any extravagant hopes. Well, of course, it was best not to evolve into strange things.

Shi Yu devoted most of his energy to Buggy, but he didn’t ignore Eleven and Baby Ginseng.

In the ruins space, Shi Yu built a huge house for each pet.

Eleven’s house was filled with various metal minerals from level one to level six. There were hundreds of types.

These were all its snacks. Apart from being snacks, Shi Yu and Eleven were also studying whether the inscription was related to the hardening nature of different metal minerals.

Because he had relied on the gem cat, Shi Yu’s resources immediately became much richer, directly improving the lives of his pets.

If Eleven’s was a house of metal minerals, then Baby Ginseng’s was a house of spiritual plants with various unique smells.

Although its max-level sweet aura could change the smell, if it wanted to match perfectly, it still had to let the ginseng baby come into contact with it in practice. After all, although it had hundreds of millions of smells in its inventory, it didn’t know their specific effects and how to arrange them at the moment.

For example, the sweet scent that could make the opponent fall into a confused state was a scent that needed to be developed.

In the huge room, the research ginseng was wearing a mini white coat. It held spiritual plants and smelled them, frowning.

“Yi…”

Shi Yu meditated and added points in one go. His state was a little light-headed.

Because school had yet to start, there was naturally no need to study.

Unfortunately, Shi Yu still had a pile of other things to study.

At the moment, the evolution path of the ginseng baby was one of the most important research topics Shi Yu needed to study.

He wanted to find some evolutionary skills to teach the ginseng baby and help it find the path of evolution!

“Eye of the Gem and Carp Leaping Dragon Gate are both evolution-type skills.”

“However, none of them match wood-element ginseng babies.”

Shi Yu lay on the bed and flipped through the cell phone index.

Group message: “Mentor Ding: Students, we’ll set off for military training in three days!”

Flip.

Shi Yu directly skipped over a bunch of evolution skills and useless information and eliminated the search target to the wood-element range.

He planned to find it from the wood element first. If he couldn’t find it from the wood element, he would expand it to other elements.

Shi Yu immediately discovered the racial skill of the “forest spirit”.

This pet happened to be one of the plant pets recommended by Senior Lu back then.

Moreover, Forest Spirit was also one of the few pets that could evolve naturally with their racial skills after reaching the requirements. There was no strict evolution ingredient rule similar to the Green Silkworm.

The wood spirit was a plant spirit born from the evolution of an entire forest. It could possess ordinary plants and accelerate the growth of one plant, helping it evolve into a spiritual plant and giving it battle abilities.

As it grew, it could control the entire forest. When the types, quality, and number of plants it possessed reached a certain limit, there was a chance of it evolving into the monarch species pet, the monarch of the forest.

Its racial skill was the “Possession Growth” of the wood and undead elements…

“In other words, if Baby Ginseng can learn this move, and at that time, find a high-level spiritual plant and graft it onto it… Can it fuse and evolve?” Shi Yu was speechless. It was too difficult to execute and imagine.

It felt a little unreliable.

He searched for other evolution skills.

Then, he found the wood-element “lush” skill.

There were a total of two pets with rich mastery, but they were not plant-type pets, but animals.

They were all high-level transcendent races.

One was a sprouting deer with tender branches on its head, and the other was a tree species turtle with seed grass growing on its back.

Both creatures were grass-eating wood-element creatures. One’s favorite food was plant-type branches, and the other’s favorite food was seed-type.

And their lush skill could subtly accumulate evolutionary heritage according to the nutritional content they ate.

When their racial skills reached a certain level of proficiency and they had also accumulated enough evolutionary heritage, they would complete their evolution by using “specific evolution materials” and using lush growth to activate their evolutionary heritage.

The Sprout Deer would evolve into a True Branch Horned Deer of a high class commander species.

Tree species turtles would evolve into tree world turtles of middle-level monarch races.

Although the evolution skills used by the two different pets were the same, the evolution materials were different, and the racial potential after that was different…

“Lush. I feel that Baby Ginseng can give it a try. After all, it has characteristics similar to that of a deer and little turtle… Isn’t there also a ginseng flower on its head? Moreover, it’s a plant itself… But it doesn’t seem to have the habit of eating plants.”

Shi Yu continued looking and discovered another wood-element racial skill, “Mutated Body”.

This skill was different again. Until now, only one plant pet, “Mutated Tree”, had mastered it.

This plant was very ancient. It was because of this racial skill that it had survived countless years ago.

The plant genes that had the skills of mutants were very unstable. It was very easy to evolve into a form that adapted to the current environment because of the differences in the surrounding environment.

Even if they were infected by light pollution, water pollution, soil pollution, and atmospheric pollution, they wouldn’t be easily extinct. Instead, they would mutate into breeds that were suitable for the current environment.

However, it wasn’t accurate to say that the mutation was evolution.

This was because after the mutation type creatures evolved, their race level might not change, or they might increase, but they might also decrease. They were mutated purely to adapt to the living environment, and the instability was extremely high. In addition, because the mutation skill might not have any concept of proficiency, or it was extremely difficult to increase, the mutant tree basically didn’t exceed the monarch race.

But generally speaking, in the face of harsh environments, the strange trees mutated and evolved towards higher races. This way, they could better resist the harsh environment of the outside world.

“Uh…”

“Mutants…”

“This skill is easier to understand. After all, Baby Ginseng mutated. It means that after Baby Ginseng masters the mutation, I only need to throw it into magma, glaciers, and radiation areas. As long as it doesn’t die, it can mutate and evolve on its own…”

“Lava Ginseng Baby, Glacier Ginseng Baby, Radiation Mutated Ginseng Baby…”

[Ginseng Baby:???]