Chapter 179 - Senior Is Here

Chapter 179: Senior Is Here

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

As he felt that Eleven, Buggy, and Baby Ginseng would prevent him from establishing his authority in front of the little sword spirit, Shi Yu directly called them back into the space.

These three guys were too ridiculous.

Were their names not nice?

He trembled.

It was clearly very appropriate.

After Shi Yu summoned them away, he looked at the little sword spirit again.

At this moment, the little sword spirit was a little nervous, afraid that Shi Yu would give it another name.

Shi Yu :”…”

“Forget it, adapt to the outside world first.” Shi Yu held his forehead.

“Mi ~” The little sword spirit turned around happily. Its gaze… No, its light was pointed at the fridge.

At the same time.

“You’re already awake?”

A voice suddenly came from outside the door.

When Shi Yu heard a familiar voice, he immediately looked over.

“Senior?”

The person was wearing a black T-shirt and brown shorts. A white research suit was draped over her shoulders, and her long legs were wrapped in black silk. It was Lu Qingyi.

“Why are you here?”

Shi Yu was rather surprised and immediately got out of bed to welcome her.

“You caused such a big thing. How can the police not send someone?” Lu Qingyi was helpless.

She looked at the red little sword spirit that had just entered the fridge. After a moment of silence, she asked,

“It’s probably a heroic spirit formed by General Mu Huiyin’s power.”

“After receiving the news that General Mu Huiyin’s spirit was summoned by you, I rushed over from Icefield City directly.”

“Uh.” Shi Yu nodded. “Wait, how long did I sleep?”

Shi Yu glanced at the time of the electronic clock.

Then, his expression darkened.

Holy shit, another day?

Although there were no injuries and his physical fitness had gradually recovered to its peak, Shi Yu still slept for a long time afterward…

“Then it’s alright.” Shi Yu scratched his cheek. He had never slept so much in his previous life.

“Senior, you’re here because…?”

“There’s nothing especially big. It’s just that the matter of you obtaining Mu Huiyin’s spirit is very important. Come and take a look,” Lu Qingyi said.

“I didn’t expect that what that ice dragon said was actually true. There really is a figure like General Mu Huiyin. This can be considered a very lucky coincidence,” Lu Qingyi sighed.

Shi Yu and Mu Huiyin were both considered people of Icefield City. Shi Yu had also cracked many ruins in Icefield. It wasn’t difficult for people to accept that he had summoned the spirit of General Mu Huiyin.

“Yeah, I didn’t expect that either.”

“By the way, how’s the handling of the Ice River Totem?” Shi Yu asked.

“It’s alright.”

“Ice Dragon already has the intention to cooperate with humans to completely destroy the Ice River Totem. If it learns that you have obtained the recognition of General Mu Huiyin’s heroic spirit, our relationship should be able to improve further.”

“However, activating a forbidden weapon is very important. Even Bureau 11 doesn’t have the right to decide directly. It might take a while to decide,” Lu Qingyi said.

“Is that so…”

“You just said that General Mu Huiyin’s heroic spirit has a huge impact?” Shi Yu asked.

“Is there anything I can do?”

“Just cooperate and block the news. The news that you obtained the recognition of General Mu Huiyin’s heroic spirit has already been sealed. At that time, all the Beast Tamers present had already signed a confidentiality agreement. You should treat it as an ordinary sword spirit for the time being to avoid unnecessary trouble.”

Lu Qingyi looked at the little sword spirit that flew out of the fridge timidly, shining and seemingly very excited.

It was difficult to imagine that this was the heroic spirit of Great General Mu Huiyin, who had repelled countless totems. It had degenerated too cutely…

“Ah, is it that serious?”

Shi Yu extended his hand and the little sword spirit landed on him.

Shi Yu still wanted to announce General Mu Huiyin’s deeds.

In any case, this was also an impressive archeological discovery. If the secret was not announced, he could not share the curiosity that it had obtained. Wasn’t this too lonely?

“Of course, although it’s relatively safe in the country, you probably don’t want to be targeted by those foreign races who have a blood feud with General Mu Huiyin, right?” Lu Qingyi smiled.

“At that time, the totems that were destroyed represented only a small portion of the world’s powers. There are still many factions with strength at the level of totems, still active today…”

“They are still eyeing the human domain covetously. If they know that you have the spirit of a great general, you won’t have it easy. Or do you want to lose your freedom and live under the surveillance of bodyguards 24 hours a day?”

Shi Yu was speechless. Lu Qingyi continued, “But I still found you a bodyguard.”

“Who?”

“You should know. You’re a student of Ancient Capital University now. You’ll also be living there for four years. Your best bodyguard is naturally the Teacher Ying,” Lu Qingyi said with a smile.

“Rich cat?” Shi Yu was stunned.

Lu Qingyi looked at Shi Yu strangely. What was this title??

“Cough, cough, cough, gem cat.” Shi Yu was embarrassed and excited…

“Yes.” Lu Qingyi didn’t think too much and nodded.

“Don’t worry, with it protecting you in Ancient Capital City, nothing will happen.”

Shi Yu was at a loss whether to laugh or cry. Even without this, that gem cat seemed to have said that it would protect him in the future.

After all, at the moment, Shi Yu seemed to be the largest snack supplier for the gem cat.

“Senior, are you familiar with it?”

“Of course. On its birthday, I gave it a level-eight gem that was discovered in the ruins.” Lu Qingyi said, “Then, Teacher Ying brought me to clear several ruins. We used to be partners for a period of time. We were comrades!”

Shi Yu :”…”

They did sound like buddies.

If someone gave him a gem worth more than a billion, he could immediately become sworn brothers with them.

The conversation between the two parties changed and returned to General Mu Huiyin.

“Speaking of which…” Lu Qingyi asked,” I heard that the Ice Dragon General is of mixed blood? ”

“Yes, I feel that it’s related to the Phoenix race,” Shi Yu said.

Lu Qingyi was stunned and said, “Then wouldn’t it be the same as the empress?”

Shi Yu nodded and said, “Yes.”

Rumor had it that the empress had the Phoenix bloodline. The nine pets she contracted were all members of the Phoenix Race.

The Fire Phoenix, Ice Phoenix, and the other nine Phoenix Clans crossed the nine major attributes, and their strength all reached the totem level. For a time, they also pushed the empress to the position of quasi-mythical Beast Tamer.

When the female emperor ascended, there were even phoenixes dancing together.

In the future, archeologists believed that the empress might be a human emperor supported by the Phoenix Race and that her position was achieved through improper means.

But it couldn’t be denied that when the empress was in power, it was the most stable and fertile period in the Dong Huang Dynasty. At that time, the Dong Huang Dynasty was so strong that no totem clans dared to invade it.

With the citizens living in peace, no one cared about the background of the empress who had ended the war of totems.

Moreover, the Phoenix Race had always been close to humans since the totem era. They were good totems and often brought auspicious signs to humans. In comparison, humans accepted the Phoenix Race.

However, whether the empress led the Phoenix Race, or whether the Phoenix Race supported the empress… It had always been an endless debate.

“Senior, I remember that you’ve explored ruins related to the Phoenix race, right?” Shi Yu asked.

“What are your thoughts?”

Lu Qingyi shook her head. “I’m not sure, but there’s indeed a saying that the Phoenix Race deliberately nurtured humans and supported hybrid life.”

The dragons and phoenixes could be traced back to the Mythical Era at the earliest. The ancestors of both parties were the strongest batch of Mythical creatures. Unfortunately, after the Mythical Era ended, the descendants of the phoenixes didn’t do as well as the dragons.

The dragon bloodlines were spread across various species. The phoenix race had always pursued the purity of their bloodline through hybrid evolution, but it was precisely because of this that their race became smaller and smaller, and their atavism wasn’t as fast as hybrid evolution.

In the end, the Phoenix Race also started to learn from the Dragon Race and develop. Therefore, an archeologist speculated that the human race was one of the Phoenix Race’s goals.

It seemed that various signs indicated that the Phoenix Clan’s plan had reached its peak during the Great Empress period.

Unfortunately, there was no evidence.

In addition, as the dynasty established by the Great Empress collapsed due to the internal strife of the Phoenix Race, the Phoenix Race disappeared from the sight of humans again. This made the mystery even greater.

During the era of the empress dynasty, the Phoenix Race’s internal strife was also one of the ten greatest mysteries in the archeological world of Dong Huang.

“If you’re interested, you can investigate it yourself in the future,” Lu Qingyi said. “Actually, some time ago, when you mentioned plant pets to me, I was investigating this matter.”

Shi Yu looked up. “The undead battlefield outside the ancient capital?”

“I remember… is it because of the Phoenix race?”

“Yes.” Lu Qingyi nodded.

“A totem-level undead Dark Phoenix is sealed below. It’s suspected to be the one who experienced the internal strife of the Phoenix Race. Unfortunately, apart from that seal, we humans don’t have any way to effectively defeat it at the moment, so we can only continue to let it be sealed like this.”

It wasn’t that Ancient Capital didn’t want the surroundings to become more normal.

Unfortunately, due to the existence of the Undying Dark Phoenix, it couldn’t do it at all.

There were plagues and curses everywhere. It was a paradise for the undead. If they didn’t solve the key factor of the Undying Dark Phoenix, they could only let it be.

It was because of the existence of that Undying Dark Phoenix that the ancient capital became the current undead capital, producing undead-type pets.

“Let’s talk about it after I reach the Legendary stage.” Shi Yu smiled bitterly.

This wasn’t like the Ice Dragon or even the Ice River Totem.

For example, the ice-element Ice River Totem belonged to transcendent creatures with relatively conventional abilities despite being strong. Humans could destroy it with fire-element forbidden weapons.

However, if it was a top-notch totem-level creature like the Undying Nether Phoenix, a dark dual-element creature, and one with a phoenix bloodline… No one was confident of completely annihilating it.

“But the Undead Battlefield is a good place…” Shi Yu looked at the little sword spirit and said,” There are more undead there. Perhaps it’s very suitable for its growth. It needs to burn other souls to free its other forms. ”

Shi Yu was a little curious about the little sword spirit’s other forms.

Actually, it was more because he had heard that there were many ancient ruins there…

“It shouldn’t be dangerous there, right?”

“How can it not be dangerous?” Lu Qingyi was speechless. “It’s even more dangerous than the Ice Dragon Snow Mountain. But if you bring Teacher Ying along to travel, there won’t be much danger.”

“I understand, I understand.” Shi Yu nodded. He was good at sucking up to others.

Unfortunately, the rich cat’s wasn’t a big enough deal. After all, if it could hold down that phoenix and let the little sword spirit directly kill it, its Spirit Dispelling proficiency would probably directly reach perfect level and above…