Chapter 170 - Beast Ear Lady’S Hope

Chapter 170: Beast Ear Lady’s Hope

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

“Is it over?”

Upon hearing the beast-eared girl’s words, Shi Yu planned to stop fighting.

Shi Yu originally thought that he would still need Eleven for the battle club’s assessment, but he didn’t expect it to be resolved with Baby Ginseng.

It was mainly because the senior was too kind. The first round gave him enough time to store energy, and the second round gave him enough time to compress the sweet aura and release it…

Baby Ginseng was overjoyed. Defeating two powerful enemies in a row made it feel proud in front of so many people!

It, the battle ginseng, was invincible!

Supplements would never be a slave!

No one would dare to drool at it!

“Yi!!!”

Baby Ginseng’s roar, which was just about to expand, was stopped when it was immediately retracted by Shi Yu.

“Then, Senior, I’ll go down first.”

Shi Yu said to the confused Senior Hong Xiao.

“I # @% @.” Hong Xiao didn’t know what to say.

“Junior Shi Yu, please register at the platform too. The assessment will continue.”

At this moment, White Brook’s voice sounded from the platform.

Shi Yu was stunned before nodding and walking towards the platform.

At this moment, as they watched Shi Yu leave, the candidates who were in the same batch as Shi Yu had dazed expressions.

Shi Yu… had directly become an official member of the battle club?

And they still had to wait for the assessment of the reserve members?

Damn it!

However…

“This guy is so strong.”

“Where did this ginseng baby come from?”

“Is it a mutant contracted from some ruin?”

Countless people had mixed feelings. It was no longer a secret that Shi Yu had cracked the two major ruins.

And ruins were equivalent to other hidden spots and ancient inheritances.

It was said that Shi Yu’s Green Silkworm and Iron-eating Beast had obtained benefits from the ruins he had cracked.

The green worm obtained the illusion ability in the Ping Cheng ruins, awakened a special bloodline, and broke the racial restrictions of the green worm.

The Iron-eating Beast had obtained the inheritance cultivated by the ancient Iron-eating Beast and had unlimited potential. There was still a possibility of going further.

Then what about this ginseng baby?

Don’t tell them that Shi Yu accidentally cracked a ruin again and made the supplement-type pet take charge!

“Sister, I want to learn archeology.” Miao Dongdong looked at the girl beside him.

The girl frowned. “Our Gu Master lineage should just be thrown away then?”

Miao Dongdong :”…”

At this moment, countless battle faculty students recalled what the trump card specialization of Ancient Capital University was.

They were restless and had the thought of changing their major.

They felt that the battle specialization… had no future.

…

“You guys continue hosting.”

On the platform, as Shi Yu came over, White Brook threw the recruitment mission to the other members and pulled Shi Yu, who had just arrived, to the back.

Backstage, she observed Shi Yu from left to right, as if she wanted to see through him.

“Senior, you’re so strong…”

Shi Yu sweated. He felt that his physique, that didn’t lose to any master-level Beast Tamer… was actually not as strong as the petite beast-eared senior.

She had yet to transform.

“Beast Tamers with Fusion Talent generally have higher physiques,” White Brook said.

“I know, I know,” Shi Yu said. “When trained to the extreme, it should be like Emperor Wu. Even if it doesn’t fuse, you can still tear apart ferocious beasts with your bare hands, right?”

“Yes.” White Brook nodded and said, “Emperor Wu is the common goal of all Beast Tamers with our Fusion Talent.”

Emperor Wu, another legendary Beast Tamer after Emperor Shi.

After the Dong Huang Dynasty established by Emperor Shi collapsed for unknown reasons, many expelled totem creatures returned. The Dong Huang Continent continued to be in war for many years, and the people everywhere were plunged into misery and suffering.

However, heroes always appeared in troubled times. At this moment, a Beast Tamer with Fusion Talent completed the unification of Dong Huang Dynasty again, expelled the totems, and established the second generation of Dong Huang Dynasty.

Legend had it that when he cultivated his physical body to the extreme, he became the human with the strongest physique. He completely relied on a pair of fists to defeat a group of totem-level creatures.

With such a legendary figure, the Beast Tamer with the combination talent naturally became a goal for people like White Brook.

Shi Yu was also very curious. Was the Fusion Talent giving that Emperor more physical strength, or was the skill index giving Shi Yu more physical strength?

“Stop talking about me. What’s wrong with you?”

White Brook originally planned to let Shi Yu become a reserve member first. Who knew that Shi Yu would give her such a big shock?

“What’s going on? You mean Baby Ginseng?”

“As expected of a pet recommended by Senior Lu. Its potential is really too great.” Shi Yu praised. “This mutated ginseng baby has unlimited potential. Perhaps, it can break the racial restrictions of supplement-type plant pets and become an all-rounder!”

As Shi Yu finished speaking, White Brook had a look of agreement and worship in her eyes. “As expected of Senior Lu.”

Shi Yu :”…”

Damn, bootlicking!

“Cough.” White Brook coughed dryly and said, “Then your current strength…”

It had only been half a month since the vocation assessment ended. She originally thought that even if Shi Yu’s strength had improved, it wouldn’t be so fast.

But after just now, she suddenly couldn’t be sure.

She wanted to ask Shi Yu personally.

“You saw the battle power of the Mutated Ginseng Baby just now. It has already reached commander rank. Its current battle power should be comparable to a monarch race commander rank pet.”

White Brook’s eyes turned solemn.

Was Shi Yu’s evaluation of this ginseng baby so high?

It had to be known that whether there were super skills or not was a huge dividing line for pets.

“The Green Silkworm has already turned into a cocoon. After completing its evolution, I estimate that it won’t be weaker than the ginseng baby, nor will it be inferior to the monarch race.”

[Ginseng Baby:???]

“The Iron-eating Beast has already evolved and also broken through to commander rank. Its species rank is close to the overlord race.”

“It’s my trump card now.”

[Ginseng Baby: QAQ]

“Fortunately, I contracted the ginseng baby. Otherwise, it might be a little difficult for them to evolve.”

[Ginseng Baby: Uncool! When will I evolve!]

“That’s about it. I passed the Intermediate Beast Tamer assessment two days ago.”

“Unfortunately, the level of the Beast Taming Space isn’t high enough. Otherwise, I should be able to take down the high-level license along the way.”

When Shi Yu saw White Brook ask, he simply told her.

It wasn’t any valuable information, because Shi Yu felt that this information would probably be overturned a month later…

“…” At this moment, White Brook was already speechless. She looked at Shi Yu in disbelief.

The growth trajectory of everything was extremely reasonable. In her opinion, it was inevitable that the Green Silkworm and the Iron-eating Beast would evolve.

However, White Brook didn’t expect Shi Yu’s execution ability to be so high. Moreover, after completing all of this, Shi Yu’s strength would change so drastically.

In that case, that ginseng baby was actually the last pet in Shi Yu’s team??

“You… you… you…” White Brook fell into deep thought.

She looked at Shi Yu again and felt that at this rate, in less than a year, Shi Yu’s strength in the battle club would be at the top?

This year, could Shi Yu fight in the National League? A first-year student participating in the National League?

She didn’t choose the wrong person!

White Brook’s mood brightened.

“In short, welcome to the club. I won’t give you the specific benefits of being a member.”

Shi Yu: “?”

“Don’t worry, it means that you can use the school’s training facilities as you wish. The club will reimburse you and give you the greatest amount of resources.”

“The training facilities in the school can all be very useful to the growth of the pet. Some of the facilities require a huge amount of energy to be activated. It’s more expensive than providing food and nutrition to the pet. This is the greatest spending place for every student in the school.”

“Your mission is to not have any worries. Use these training facilities as soon as possible to cooperate with your ruins space and support your pets to become stronger,” White Brook said.

“When it’s almost the holidays, I’ll take you to see the world. Moreover, at the end of this year, you should also participate in the National League. The results don’t matter. It’s mainly to train for a year first, and then see if your strength has reached the standard to take over the club.”

“I don’t believe that you can’t take even one national championship in four years of university.” White Brook shouted.

In her opinion, Shi Yu’s starting point was even more perfect than Senior Lu.

At least, before Lu Qingyi graduated from university, she had never cracked any major ruins or obtained any substantial benefits from them.

However, Shi Yu was different. He had started to show his talent at the rookie stage.

Every ruin he cracked had a huge increase in his strength.

This was a crushing advantage for young people in their twenties.

“Is it that urgent?” Shi Yu scratched his face and said.

However, the club benefits were alright.

Ancient Capital University had a charging room for thunder-element pets. It seemed that Eleven would have a place to freeload in the future. He could use this Inner Power often.

“Of course. Every step is slow. It’s always right to quickly increase your strength,” White Brook said.

“Alright.” Shi Yu nodded. He didn’t know if he could match a master-level Beast Tamer in a year.

In his opinion, if he wanted to participate, he should get first place. Otherwise, he might as well not participate.

“Where are we going during the holidays?” Shi Yu asked.

“The exchange match,” White Brook said. “In order to warm up the National League, there will be a certain amount of communication between schools at various times in a year. It’s our turn vs Imperial Capital University this year. When the time comes, I’ll take you to the Imperial Capital to take a look.”

When White Brook finished speaking, Shi Yu’s expression froze.

Holy shit.

He kept shouting about sweeping through Imperial Capital University and Imperial Capital University… Was this retribution?

He was just casually thinking about that…

“Don’t worry. Usually, in such an exchange match, master-level students won’t take action.” White Brook patted Shi Yu’s shoulder and said, “I won’t talk to you anymore. The recruitment assessment still has to continue.”

Shi Yu: “…Then I’ll go back first.”

“Aren’t you going to continue watching?”

“No.” Shi Yu shook his head and said, “I still have a bunch of things to do over there.”

“Besides, we still have to go to the heroic spirit ruins to train in two days. I have to prepare in advance.”

“Heroic Spirit Ruins?” White Brook thought of something and said, “The one with Emperor Shi?”

“Yes.”

“I’ve also been there. Unfortunately, the heroic spirit that responded to me doesn’t match my aesthetic taste. Although it’s a big disappointment, I let it go back again.” White Brook sighed and said, “And I don’t want to fuse with the undead either. It’s strange. How good is a furry pet, right?”

Shi Yu :”…”

You are indeed obsessed with looks.

However, it was true that White Tiger Mother, Fox Tail Lady, and Cat-eared Lady did indeed sound a little Yang Realm compared to “half human, half ghost” and “female ghost”.

2