Chapter 178 - Horrible Namer

Chapter 178: Horrible Namer

Translator:

Atlas Studios

Editor:

Atlas Studios

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Wu…”

Sitting on the bed, Shi Yu looked at the little sword spirit, not knowing whether to laugh or cry.

Eat a popsicle?

Little guy… Are you serious?

Shi Yu had never heard of a fire-element pet having the thought of eating a popsicle.

“You don’t make sense.”

“Is it really alright to eat that kind of thing?”

Would it get diarrhea…

Alright, the sword spirit didn’t have these messy questions.

At this moment, the little sword spirit was leaning against Shi Yu’s arm.

Because it was a spirit body, the feeling was very different from normal weapons.

If the flames had a physical body, Shi Yu felt as if he had touched a soft flame.

It was like water, soft but hot…

After coming into contact with it, he also wanted to have ice cream to cool down.

“Mi…” The little sword spirit begged.

Shi Yu was helpless.

“Ice… No… How about this?”

Shi Yu stretched out his hand and an ice-element energy crystal appeared.

“Mi ~!!”

As Shi Yu took out the ice-element energy crystal, the little sword spirit let out a long cry as if it was very surprised.

He instantly ignored Shi Yu and immediately ran to the ice-element energy crystal that released cold air. It stuck to itself.

Although it was sticking to itself, Shi Yu, who was speechless, felt that it was more like it was sharpening a knife!

A fire-element sword, using ice to sharpen the blade… What the heck was this?

Was it practicing how to harm ice-type pets?

Swoosh!

As if it felt that this wasn’t cool enough, the little sword spirit’s sword immediately turned illusory. It passed through the energy crystal and wrapped itself in the sword.

“Mi!” The little sword spirit nodded in satisfaction.

At this moment, after discovering that the little sword spirit was a problematic child, Shi Yu, Eleven, Buggy, and Baby Ginseng were stunned.

Then, Buggy looked at Shi Yu.

That… wasn’t that the energy crystal left for it to transform into an ice dragon??

It felt that… the energy crystal was melting little by little!!! It was purely wasteful!!!

Shi Yu turned around. Was there a problem?

Buggy: QAQ

No problem, as long as you guys are happy.

It suspected that Shi Yu’s had a new favorite now!

But forget it. In any case, he had Ice Dragon Whiskers, so it was fine if he didn’t get the energy crystal.

“Looks like he has perfectly inherited General Mu Huiyin’s characteristics.”

Shi Yu looked at the little sword spirit flying happily wrapped in the energy crystal and smiled.

Alright… Shi Yu could clearly sense that the little sword spirit was not afraid of heat, but rather hated high temperatures. Instead, it liked cold things very much.

Wasn’t this similar to the Ice Dragon General? She also specialized in contracting ice-type pets to suppress her fire talent.

Well… as long as the little sword spirit was happy.

Shi Yu observed the little sword spirit that was stuck to the ice-element energy crystal.

As expected of an overlord race!

Shi Yu could clearly sense the huge power contained in the little sword spirit’s body.

Even if this power was cooled down a little by the ice-element energy crystal, it was definitely not something any Beast Tamer trainee could adapt to.

Was this really an awakened pet?

Compared to the Green Silkworm that could be beaten up by a human with one hand, it was simply heaven and earth.

Race levels indeed enhanced strength.

Now, Shi Yu estimated that only intermediate Beast Tamers could normally control awakened-level little sword spirits.

As the little sword spirit’s growth level increased, its existence, be it contracting, possessing, or fighting, would bring greater pressure to the Beast Tamer.

When it grew to the transcendent level, it would probably need a master-level Beast Tamer to control it.

Then what about commanders and monarchs?

It wouldn’t require a Legendary-level physique, right?

The conditions for the use of the little sword spirit were indeed very harsh. If the Beast Tamer didn’t meet the corresponding requirements and used it forcefully, he would probably be sucked dry, drained, and his body and mind would burn up.

“Fortunately, my physique far exceeds that of a Beast Tamer of the same level.” Shi Yu was glad.

Otherwise, he would probably have to learn from General Mu Huiyin and contract an ice-type pet to suppress the sword spirit’s power.

However, if there really came a day when his physique couldn’t keep up with the little sword spirit’s growth speed, this might be a way.

Shi Yu looked at the little sword spirit playing alone and searched for its racial skills again.

The undead of an overlord race… Another big spendthrift.

Six racial skills, three high-level and three super-level. Although Shi Yu felt that it was powerful, he was a little dizzy.

There was really no low-level skill.

In the future, he’d probably be constantly tired from adding points.

Although that was the case, the little sword spirit’s skills were really strong.

High-level undead skill, Soul Slash.

Soul Star, the Undead skill. The little sword spirit had the aptitude to become an undead traitor at a glance.

However, it was indeed a good skill. Be it an ordinary life form or a spirit body, this move could cause huge damage and was impossible to guard against. After all, very few creatures mastered the skill to defend against souls.

High-level undead skill, Possession.

Needless to say, this was also a divine skill that superimposed its power on other life forms.

However, possession also required a certain compatibility.

For example, it was basically impossible for the little sword spirit to possess baby ginseng and the worm.

According to research, Beast Tamers were actually the best targets to possess.

Although Beast Tamers were weak, human physiques were the most inclusive. If both parties had a contract, they could enter a special resonance state.

After the Beast Tamer contracted with an undead that mastered the possession skill, they became partners who could stimulate the potential of both parties the most. They were even stronger than pets that had been possessed.

For example, if the little sword spirit directly possessed Eleven. Eleven using the Interlocking Sword was far inferior to the sword spirit possessing Shi Yu. If Eleven transmitted its strength to Shi Yu who was using the sword skill together, that would be much more powerful.

Therefore, many Spirit Mediums treated the undead that could possess them as their life-saving skill. Of course, it was only a life-saving skill. After possessing a human, the consumption and burden was really huge. This was also why even if Yu Shu’s dragon soul pet mastered possession, Yu Shu didn’t dare to go into battle himself and let the dragon soul possess the bone dragon.

Compared to the Fusion Beast Taming Talent, the disadvantage of the possession skill was that it consumed a lot of energy and was easy to overload.

Advanced fire-element skill, Light Flame Sword.

Shi Yu had used this skill before. It was a standard fire-element sword-type skill. Its characteristic was that the sword light was extremely fast, like a flash that could instantly destroy the enemy.

Super level fire-element skill, Interlocking Sword.

This super skill felt a little like Zhang Qianyi’s elemental coordination talent in the vocation assessment, but also like the energy fruit of the ginseng baby, but it was different.

Although Baby Ginseng’s Energy Fruit could contain two powers, the higher the compatibility between the two powers, the greater the power it could display.

Although the Elemental Coordination Talent could coordinate the power of different attributes, it was the same. Coordinating elements with high compatibility was easier for Beast Tamers. Coordinating the power that countered each other would also consume a lot of Beast Tamers.

However, the Interlocking Sword was different. The more compatible the two powers fused, the more ordinary the power. The more conflicting the two powers fused, the greater the power.

Fire borrowed the power of the wind, after all. This was a very common elemental combination skill, but it couldn’t be done with the Interlocking Sword. When the wind and fire combined, it was inferior to the combination of the two powers that were incompatible, like fire and water.

This should be a skill that perfectly matched Great General Mu Huiyin.

After all, she had an incomparable fire talent, and her pets were all ice-element pets, which happened to counter her.

However, this move also had a disadvantage. The user himself had to withstand the super burden brought by the intersecting power. This was comparable to Eleven’s restrained sharpness of Inner Power. They both used unconventional methods and paid a price in exchange for incomparably violent power.

This was also the reason why Mu Huiyin wanted to test Shi Yu first. If Shi Yu couldn’t control the power of a sword spirit of the same level, even if Shi Yu directly obtained a sword spirit, to Shi Yu, the sword spirit would ultimately become something that harmed Shi Yu, just like the burden her physique placed on herself.

Sun Flame.

This was a super fire-element skill that contained the power of the sun. It was considered a type of different Fire skill. Its power was extremely strong, and it could also be enhanced by the power of the sun. At the same time, this move… seemed to be the nemesis of the undead element. To undead, what they feared the most was the sun.

The little sword spirit was walking further and further on the path of a traitor of the undead department…

As for Spirit Release, it was the skill that surprised Shi Yu the most.

Second, third, and fourth forms after Spirit Release? What would they look like… Shi Yu was very curious.

Unfortunately, the little sword spirit couldn’t even reach the beginning at the moment.

The entry-level Spirit Release only provided one effect: It could allow the little sword spirit to increase the proficiency level of this skill by burning the soul of the enemy and killing the enemy.

This move required continuous devouring of souls to increase the skill level in order to free the second, third, and fourth forms. It was a very clear skill to increase the skill level. In a sense, it was to fight monsters and level up.

“Six high-level racial skills. This is too useless for Beast Tamers and Ginseng Babies.” Shi Yu sighed again.

However, this Spirit Release skill could allow him to take a breather.

He could level up by fighting monsters. Shi Yu liked this kind of crude method of leveling up.

There was nothing else in the ancient capital, but there were many undead.

Shi Yu already had a premonition that the consumption of teaching a super skill could directly cripple him.

He was very happy about this skill that increased proficiency in a very clear way.

“It’s better not to give it more points before contracting the little sword spirit. Let it grow naturally.” Shi Yu thought for a moment and made a decision.

Letting the little sword spirit have a good childhood was the right way. It was not in a hurry to grow up at all.

He could still barely withstand the high levels of Eleven, Buggy, and Baby Ginseng. As for the little sword spirit, Shi Yu, who had experienced its power, felt that he really couldn’t hold on in his current state.

But then again, if he also taught the little sword spirit healing and recovery skills and let it possess him, would his burden be lighter? This should have the same effect as contracting an ice-element pet to suppress the power of fire…

Shi Yu touched his chin and looked at the little sword spirit.

“By the way, I have to give you a name.”

Shi Yu said to the little sword spirit.

“Mi?”

The little sword spirit wrapped in the energy crystal seemed to be drunk as it staggered towards Shi Yu.

“It’s just a name. I can’t keep calling you Little Sword Spirit, right? Just like them. Let me introduce you first. This is Eleven, this is Buggy, and this is Baby Ginseng. You have to get along well in the future.” Shi Yu introduced the three emperors in the team to the Little Sword Spirit.

“Wuu!” “!!” “Yi!!” The three emperors had also observed the newborn little sword spirit for a long time.

As soon as the little sword spirit was born, she was immediately appointed the Big Sister in the team.

Fire directly countered metal, worm, and wood. What kind of suffering was this?

“Mi ~” The little sword spirit shook. It still didn’t know who was who.

It only knew that it had a very deep connection with Shi Yu. Shi Yu was its mother!

Whatever Shi Yu said, it would do!

“How about calling you Little Red?” Shi Yu said.

The little sword spirit was speechless.

It took back its words.

The little sword spirit shook its head crazily. Perhaps it had retained General Mu Huiyin’s aesthetic sense, but it felt that this name was too lousy.

“Then…?”

“Mi!” The little sword spirit looked at Eleven, Buggy, and Baby Ginseng for help.

At this moment, the three pets showed helpless expressions.

From their names, haven’t you discovered the level of naming their Beast Tamer had?

Eleven’s name was the number of the Feeding Base.

Buggy was simply a word.

Baby Ginseng might as well be a race name. Occasionally, it would be called the towering emperor outside the team.

“Wuu.” “!” “Yi!”

Eleven and the others looked regretful. Why don’t we teach you how to read? Then, it could name itself.

“Mi…” The little sword spirit fell into deep thought. It wasn’t impossible.

Shi Yu: “?”