Chapter 176 - Shi Yu Vs Mu Huiyin

Chapter 176: Shi Yu vs Mu Huiyin

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

“Yes.”

She didn’t say much.

Instead, she continued, “Then… let’s begin the second test…”

As Mu Huiyin finished speaking, the students who were immersed in shock suddenly woke up.

They almost forgot that there were two tests. Everything wasn’t over yet!

After saying that, everyone suddenly realized that a chill had risen.

A snowstorm suddenly appeared out of thin air on the ridiculously hot altar!

Under the snowstorm, a huge dragon’s body slowly condensed…

“Roar!!!” A huge monster more than ten meters tall appeared.

The strong body of the creature in front of him was made of ice rocks. The color was ice-blue and dark purple, looking cold to the bone.

Not only its body, its neck, head, long tail, sharp claws, and fangs, its four strong feet, as well as its pair of wings, were all made of ice and stone. Its scales revealed coldness, and snow condensed!

Frost Dragon!!!

Upon seeing this fellow, Shi Yu was clearly stunned.

The surrounding students were also shocked.

What was going on… How did she summon it!

“F*ck, it’s an ice dragon again. Shi Yu can summon the Ice Dragon General. Could it be related to the Ice Dragon Snow Mountain in Icefield City?” Yu Shu recalled that Shi Yu’s worm could also summon an ice dragon and couldn’t help but analyze.

The more he analyzed, the darker his expression became.

He suspected that there was a conspiracy behind this. He suspected that Shi Yu was here to make fun of him and that he wasn’t using a proper summoning channel!

At this moment, as the huge frost dragon appeared, the beautiful and peerless Mu Huiyin Spirit in armor slowly walked towards the frost dragon.

At this moment, this ice dragon phantom appeared and crawled down. It stretched out its huge claws, as if it was giving Mu Huiyin a staircase to climb its body.

Mu Huiyin walked up to the ice dragon’s body step by step. During this process, the hilt of her sword ignited with sun-like flames again, and a new sword spirit appeared.

A moment later, the Ice Dragon General stood on the Ice Dragon’s body and stared at Shi Yu, who was also holding a sword spirit.

“Mutated Frost Dragon, high-level overlord race, commander rank.”

“Defeat us.”

“Use the sword in your hand.”

“I’ll give you three chances to adapt.”

As Mu Huiyin finished speaking, even the top-notch masters’ voices were a little hoarse.

If it was said that everyone was still a little confused and feeling strange about the title of Ice Dragon General just now, then now, looking at Mu Huiyin standing on the body of the Ice Dragon, everyone only felt a strong pressure.

Defeat them?

From the looks of it, it was more than ten times harder than the first test.

This ice dragon was clearly a super ferocious beast that could casually help Mu Huiyin hunt overlords in ancient times!!

It was actually still a commander rank!!

Even with the support of the sword spirit, Shi Yu, an intermediate-level Beast Tamer, basically had no chance of winning.

In the face of Mu Huiyin in her current state, even if it was a master-level Beast Tamer, they wouldn’t dare to say that they could steadily defeat her. After all, her name was too famous. The strongest general under the Emperor Shi during the era of the Dong Huang Dynasty… In other words, she was the guardian of a country now!

At this moment, under the gaze of the Ice Dragon General, Shi Yu, who was holding a sword spirit, suddenly received two skill information.

It was a message from the sword spirit that possessed him.

Skill: Light Flame Sword

[Level]: Advanced

< Introduction > It’s a fire-element skill. It needs to be used in the possession state. Focus the fire power on the sword and condense it into a Light Flame Sword with an extremely high temperature. It can instantly burn everything without a trace.

Skill: Interlocking Sword

[Level]: Super level

< Introduction > It’s a fire-element skill. By concentrating the power of fire on the sword, it can absorb and integrate the power of the outside world. The more conflict this power has with the power of fire, the greater the increase in the power of the sword.

After receiving the skill information transmitted by the sword spirit, Shi Yu subconsciously condensed the so-called Light Flame Sword.

In the next moment, the sword spirit became extremely violent again.

Endless flames gathered on the sword, not only on the sword body, but also on Shi Yu’s body!

It was as if it was wrapped in the sun, and flames covered its body and blade. At this moment, Shi Yu felt that his arm was extremely heavy, as if it was extremely difficult to control a sword spirit. He couldn’t control it at all!

Sensing that the power of fire was about to burst him, Shi Yu lost control and aimed at the ice dragon. He could only release this power!

Boom!!!

Countless people looked at the altar and felt that the light in front of them was instantly snatched away. The world seemed to have fallen into darkness.

At this moment, everyone felt a fatal threat, as if they would fall into the abyss in the next second.

Then, with overflowing killing intent, a white light appeared. A sword light that seemed to have broken through the darkness streaked across, turning into a terrifying fire sword aura. When everyone reacted, they were already covered in sweat again.

At the same time, the sword light shooting out of the sword spirit in Shi Yu’s hand swept up an extremely huge pressure and flew towards Ice Dragon and Mu Huiyin.

“This power…”

At this moment, everyone’s hearts seemed to have been squeezed. They suspected the level of the sword spirit at this moment. Was this really the power a transcendent-level sword spirit could display with a Beast Tamer?

Even killing a commander-level ferocious beast with one strike didn’t seem impossible.

Sword spirits of high-level overlord races… People didn’t have any specific concept of this.

However, just as everyone was looking at the Flame Sword in shock, their expressions stopped in the next second.

On the frost dragon, Mu Huiyin’s heroic spirit slowly unsheathed its sword with a calm expression. In the next moment, it was as if a wind pressure suddenly rose, transforming into an invisible hand that crushed the sword light Shi Yu had swung out. A huge power erupted in the sky, and a terrifying power surged down like a meteor shower.

Although the scene was huge, but…

“It was resisted just like that?”

Countless people opened their mouths wide and looked at the Ice Dragon General.

“I’ll give you two more chances,” Mu Huiyin said to Shi Yu.

At this moment, Shi Yu’s palm was already injured from the burn and was trembling slightly.

However, as a ruthless person who injured himself and went to the infirmary in order to steal a skill, Shi Yu could still tolerate it!

“A mistake…”

Shi Yu raised his head and looked at Mu Huiyin on the ice dragon. He pinched his right hand with his left hand to stop it from trembling.

“This test allows the summoning of battle pets, right?” After realizing Mu Huiyin’s intention, Shi Yu confirmed.

“Yes.” Mu Huiyin nodded.

“Then there’s no problem.” After getting an answer, Shi Yu no longer hesitated and summoned the array.

Hu hu ~ ~

A white summoning array appeared. A little Iron-eating Beast about a meter tall opened its eyes from the summoning array. It first looked up at the huge frost dragon, and then at Shi Yu, who was possessed by the sword spirit.

“Sob. (You dyed your hair and even brought contact lenses.)” Eleven looked at Shi Yu.

Could he also dye its white parts black so that it wouldn’t look dirty after the training battle?

Shi Yu :”…”

There was a battle!

Without the white hair, it wouldn’t be the national treasure panda anymore!

“Wuu!”

There was a battle!

Upon hearing Shi Yu’s words, Eleven looked at the frost dragon and Mu Huiyin, who was holding a sword spirit.

In the next moment, it felt a strong pressure.

Its whole body couldn’t help but tense up.

There was a chance to tear apart a dragon again?

But why was it an Ice Dragon again!

At this moment, Shi Yu placed his hand on it and said, “Relax.”

“This time, you’re the support.”

Eleven was stunned and then showed an aggrieved expression.

“Huh?”

“Yes, Knight form.”

Eleven was stunned.

Again…

However, it couldn’t refuse the Beast Tamer’s orders.

It could only obediently transform into its mount form under Shi Yu’s command, allowing Shi Yu to ride on it.

At this moment, Mu Huiyin fell silent.

Was Shi Yu imitating her?

However…

Looking at Shi Yu riding the iron-eating beast with the sword spirit in hand, the scene was completely incompatible. Mu Huiyin’s heroic spirit was at a loss for words.

But clearly, Shi Yu wasn’t trying to imitate her.

Shi Yu and the others had long tried this posture.

After the vocation assessment, the Iron-eating Beast Knight reappeared!

“Holy shit, Shi Yu plans to fight the Ice Dragon General on this thing?”

“It’s very ridiculous.”

“Don’t underestimate the Iron-eating Beast. Have you forgotten this Iron-eating Beast’s performance in the vocation assessment…”

“The vocation assessment is a vocation assessment… The opponent is a high-level overlord race, a commander-level ice dragon… the trump card battle beast of the Ice Dragon General!”

Everyone looked at the altar and had no idea what Shi Yu was thinking.

However, it seemed like Shi Yu had no other choice.

However, if they didn’t remember wrongly, Shi Yu should have a commander-level ginseng baby…

“This Iron-eating Beast has also reached commander rank.”

At this moment, a master-level Beast Tamer with talent in detecting looked at the venue and said.

The mentor’s gaze was solemn. “Moreover, the energy level isn’t low.”

As soon as he finished speaking, everyone stopped talking.

However, there were still a few students who felt that it was a little ridiculous.

“F*ck, not only has the supplement baby reached the commander rank, but its main battle pet has also reached the commander rank?” Yu Shu and the others were stunned.

Was Shi Yu still an intermediate Beast Tamer?

Yin Zhengfan didn’t cheat like you!

Don’t tell them that the worm was also commander level!

“This is very normal. Don’t forget Shi Yu’s physique…” After a moment of silence, Dean He said.

After this, everyone realized for the first time that Shi Yu’s physique was even stronger than a master-level Beast Tamer.

This was very sick. Even Beast Tamers with Fusion Talent weren’t this monstrous.

With such a powerful physique, contracting a high-level pet in advance would indeed be sustainable

“Monster…” In the crowd, Zhang Qianyi and the others said in a low voice.

Then…

Under everyone’s gaze, the little Iron-eating Beast under Shi Yu kept growing and enlarging. In the blink of an eye, it reached more than ten meters in length. Although there was still a difference in size from the frost dragon, the two huge creatures on the altar looked to be of the same level.

As this scene occurred, everyone couldn’t help but be speechless.

Shi Yu stood on the huge Iron-eating Beast and faced Mu Huiyin’s heroic spirit. This scene was really difficult for these young people to digest.

“Iron-eating Beast Knight vs Ice Dragon General…”

“I feel that something is wrong, but I also feel that there’s no problem…”

At this moment, on the huge altar…

The altar seemed to have become an arena.

On the ice dragon, Mu Huiyin, who was holding a fire sword spirit, stood at the side.

On the Iron-eating Beast, Shi Yu, who was holding a fire sword spirit, stood to the side.

The two parties faced each other. A moment later, Shi Yu took a deep breath.

“Eleven, harden.”

It was impossible to defeat the Ice Dragon General in front of him with the Flame Sword.

The Light Flame Sword was just a transition skill for him to adapt to the sword spirit.

What Mu Huiyin really wanted to do was not a battle of victory or defeat, but a guidance battle. It was to see if he could master the skill “Interlocking Sword ”!

At this moment, Shi Yu gradually understood why Mu Huiyin, who had a fire talent and contracted an ice-element pet, could also become a super expert that could fight against totems.

This Interlocking Sword was the key!

Although it was a fire-element skill, and although the user had to concentrate the fire power on the sword body, it could absorb and integrate the power of the outside world. Moreover, the more the power that conflicted with the fire power, the greater the increase in the power of the sword.

Frost and fire were definitely conflicting forces.

In other words, the Interlocking Sword could allow these two powers to combine and unleash power greater than two?

“Fire counters gold. These two powers should also be considered to counter each other.”

At that moment, Shi Yu stood on Eleven. His entire body was armed and hardened, and his physique increased a little.

It was even easier to withstand the possession of the sword spirit.

Moreover, the hardening power even covered the illusory sword spirit. The huge power of metal and fire intertwined within the sword and increased each other. This was the second time Shi Yu tried to control the sword spirit!

At this moment, sensing the change in Shi Yu, Mu Huiyin’s heroic spirit revealed special emotions for the first time.

This Beast Tamer’s ability to accept things was pretty fast.

In an instant.

Shi Yu felt that his burden had reached its limit.

Buzz!!!

Above the fire sword spirit, golden flames spread this time!!

Countless people looked at this scene and still didn’t know what had happened. They only saw Shi Yu lift the sword spirit for the second time and slowly land in the direction of Ice Dragon and Mu Huiyin!

Boom!!!

The next moment, the golden flames turned into a terrifying shock wave that seemed to have formed a huge domain that enveloped half the altar. Like a tsunami, it crashed towards Mu Huiyin in the direction of the ice dragon!

At this moment, everyone’s expressions changed drastically. They felt a terrifying power fluctuation erupt. It was several times the power of the previous attack. Moreover, the violent wind swept by the energy tide almost made them unable to stand steadily on the spot.

“Wuu!!!”

The Interlocking Sword’s pressure was released, and Eleven howled. It was very unhappy that it couldn’t fight personally. Where did this sword spirit come from? It had completely stolen Shi Yu’s soul. In the future, it would call him “Party Pooper”.

On the other side.

Seeing this sword pressure, Mu Huiyin raised her hand again. She didn’t use the long condensation like Shi Yu and the others. In an instant, a sword pressure formed by white and cold flames erupted from the opposite side with a bang. In an instant, it squeezed together with the crisscrossing sword Shi Yu released!

Boom!!!

Two huge shock waves directly formed a confrontation, compression, and collision situation in mid-air!

At this moment, a strong wind continued to blow. The two huge beasts and the Beast Tamer in the center of the battlefield could still be unscathed, but the students standing not far from the altar couldn’t hold on anymore at this moment. Their faces seemed to be going bald from the strong wind.

“Damn it, Shi Yu, you’re indeed a monster. In the future, I’ll be a dog compared to you.” When Yu Shu spoke, he drank a large mouthful of wind. His lips were blown backward by the wind, but his gaze was still fixed on the collision on the altar.

This power… probably reached the threshold of a quasi monarch.

What was going on!

Crack!

Everyone looked at the sword pressure collision on the arena in shock. A moment later, on Shi Yu’s side, the sword pressure domain gradually froze. The huge ice flames were actually about to freeze the golden flames on Shi Yu’s side into pieces.

Crack…

The fluctuations of the ice flames were still spreading, causing Shi Yu’s expression to change slightly.

“Teacher…” Many students looked at the master-level teacher.

At this moment, the group of mentors also had a serious expression. “Although I don’t know what move this sword pressure is, it seems to be created by the joint efforts of Beast Tamers, pets, and sword spirits.”

“Shi Yu’s obvious disadvantage.”

The students no longer cared what skill this heaven-defying sword pressure was. They looked at the subsequent situation on the altar.

At this moment, Shi Yu fell into a dilemma.

He was wondering if he should let Eleven enter the Inner Power sharp state. In that case, he should be able to exceed the limit of the enhanced Interlocking Sword, but…

Crack…

At this moment, even though his body was protected by hardening, a portion of Shi Yu’s skin, such as his fingers, still cracked and bled.

His body had already reached its limit.

If a stronger power erupted, as a Beast Tamer, he would definitely be heavily injured.

“What are you afraid of?”

A moment later, sensing that the sword pressure domain was about to collapse, Shi Yu gritted his teeth and made a decision.

Wasn’t it just a little more load?

The Iron-eating Beast Knight would never admit defeat!

“Eleven, Blade Explosion!!”

“Baby Ginseng, remember to save me! I believe you!”

“Wuu!!!” Eleven hesitated and continued to listen. Didn’t he believe in eleven?

Don’t worry, it would control its strength well!

As Eleven roared, Shi Yu looked opposite with his sword in hand.

Mu Huiyin also looked at Shi Yu with her sword. Compared to Shi Yu’s struggle, she appeared very calm.

From the beginning to the end, she had only used strength that was slightly higher than Shi Yu’s to test him.

At the moment, Shi Yu had already performed very well, but he still didn’t meet her requirements.

Although it couldn’t be said to be weak, Shi Yu never erupted with the sharpness of his sword. His attack was too stable, and his potential had yet to be completely stimulated.

Born in that chaotic era, she had higher requirements for successors and pursued stable successors too much. It was very difficult for her to reach the peak. It was not what she wanted.

Mu Huiyin increased her strength again, trying to make Shi Yu give up or force out more of Shi Yu’s potential.

At the next moment.

Under Mu Huiyin’s gaze, the huge Iron-eating Beast under Shi Yu suddenly raised its head and roared at them.

Boom!!!

At this moment, under the frown of Mu Huiyin’s heroic spirit, the Iron-eating Beast’s entire body erupted with the light of evolution!!

Accompanied by the light, Eleven’s body continued to increase. In an instant, it became closer and closer to the frost dragon. Most of the students were stunned and didn’t know what happened. In the next moment, as the light disappeared, Eleven’s sharp form appeared in front of everyone!!

The huge armor of black and white covered his entire body. The blue eyes under the armor were like lightning, and domineering blue lightning was still flowing between the metal armor. At the same time, the huge lightning power accumulated in the charging room in Eleven’s body. The huge amount of lightning that far exceeded its own limit was operating crazily!!

“Wuu!!!” Eleven looked at the frost dragon.

The power of lightning started to flow along the hardened substance to the sword spirit.

After Eleven’s own body passed through Shi Yu’s body, the violent power of lightning made Shi Yu’s body almost collapse. Even if Shi Yu’s body was hardened, giving him resistance to lightning… Even if his physique had been strengthened by the Sword Spirit… He could clearly feel the pressure his body was under after exceeding the load!

But… all of this was a necessary process to exchange for stronger power!

Boom!!!

An even larger power of lightning replaced the power of metal and the power of fire to wrap around each other. It was also the most violent power. An even more magical energy reaction appeared between the lightning and fire. The flames on Shi Yu and the sword spirit suddenly increased in size and spread more than ten meters high.

In an instant, flames filled the sky and lightning filled the air, causing blue electricity to linger on Shi Yu and Eleven’s bodies. Dark red flames flowed. At this moment, all the Beast Tamers revealed shocked expressions as they looked at the Iron-eating Beast and Shi Yu, who had suddenly changed.

“That, that, that’s…” Yu Shu’s mouth trembled and his eyes widened.

Wang Ling, Han Dong, Miao Dongdong, and the others were stimulated again!

“Iron-eating Beast Evolution!”

“Nine Li Battle Beast! Inner Power!” Director Li said.

“Shi Yu’s Iron-eating Beast has completed its evolution!”

At this moment, all the Beast Tamers had participated in the Ancient Capital vocation assessment, and they were people who had a very clear understanding of the Iron-eating Beast Nine Li Battle Beast’s evolution chain. When they saw the change in Eleven in front of them, they suddenly opened their mouths wide.

Holy shit, Shi Yu, how much stronger did you become after the vocation assessment? How many new trump cards did you add!

Were they really candidates from the same batch?!

Boom!!!

After the sharpness erupted, Eleven, as its new name suggested, became more like a battle beast. It, who was covered in armor, and Shi Yu, who was fully armed, became more and more like a real warrior at this moment. On the battle beast, Shi Yu felt that his muscles were about to explode. He couldn’t help but squeeze the sword hilt tightly again.

Seeing this scene and sensing the power close to the frost dragon that the Nine Li Battle Beast instantly erupted with, Mu Huiyin revealed a shocked expression.

Bang!!!

At this moment, the Golden Flame Sword that was frozen by the ice flames completely collapsed. The Ice Flame Sword that filled the sky pressed down, but in the blink of an eye, an even larger Thunder Flame Sword pressed down on Shi Yu!!

In an instant, the power situation instantly reversed. The terrifying Thunder Flame Sword pressed down and swallowed the power of the other party at lightning speed, devouring the frost dragon and Mu Huiyin’s heroic spirit.

Facing this attack, Mu Huiyin’s heroic spirit didn’t attack again, allowing the Thunder Flame Sword to swallow their illusions.

“Forget it, let’s stop here. If this continues, their bodies won’t be able to withstand it anymore.” Mu Huiyin’s heroic spirit gave up resisting, looking forward to how far the young Beast Tamer in this peaceful era would grow after experiencing the baptism of war one day.

“Roar!!!” Under the pressure of the Thunder Flame Sword, the blurry figure of the ice dragon roared.

Time seemed to have frozen. Under everyone’s shocked expressions, the illusory figures of the ice dragon and Mu Huiyin’s heroic spirit were instantly swallowed!

It was as if it had never appeared from the beginning to the end. At this moment, the sword spirit that had possessed Shi Yu directly disappeared. Shi Yu also returned to his normal appearance. Instead, under the condensation of countless light sources, a red ball of light appeared in the sky.

Everyone looked at Shi Yu on the huge Nine Li Battle Beast in a daze, as well as the red soul seed in the sky.

The ball of light slowly landed in Shi Yu’s palm.

At this moment, in Shi Yu’s blurred vision and consciousness, he felt it was more like a divine bean…

“Things are about to change,” Instructor Feng said with a serious expression.

The pets of high-level overlord races were existences with enough resources that could definitely grow to the peak of the overlord level.

Moreover, this was the heroic spirit of the Ice Dragon General that could resist totems.

In other words, the upper limit of this heroic spirit’s growth was very likely totem level!! That was the guardian level!!

The level of a guardian was the peak battle power of various countries. If a heroic spirit with the level of guardian recognized him as its master, this would definitely cause a huge wave internationally!