Chapter 177 - Birth Of The Little Sword Spirit

Chapter 177: Birth of the Little Sword Spirit

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Outside the heroic spirit ruins, there was silence.

Under the shocked gazes of the students, Eleven slowly shrank from the size of the huge beast and returned to its restrained form.

At this moment, looking at the change in Eleven, Yu Shu and the others had mixed feelings.

He originally thought that Shi Yu’s performance during the club assessment was his limit.

He originally thought that his trump card was temporarily replaced by Baby Ginseng…

However, he didn’t expect that Shi Yu participated in the club assessment for fun.

The trump card was never sent out from the start to the end.

Just a new pet alone shattered their values.

“I won’t compete anymore, alright?” Yu Shu thought.

From the start of the survival trial, after countless blows, Yu Shu completely gave in.

Even with the talent advantage, he didn’t know how to compete.

The sword spirit of a high-level overlord race!

This almost meant that Shi Yu would definitely become a legend.

This fellow’s luck was simply explosive to have obtained the recognition of the Ice Dragon General’s spirit.

However, Yu Shu couldn’t feel jealous at this moment because even if he was given a chance, he didn’t seem to be able to pass the test Shi Yu just experienced.

Not only was Shi Yu’s pet ridiculously strong, but he was also ridiculously strong.

In fact, Yu Shu even suspected that Shi Yu had planned it himself when Shi Yu summoned the heroic spirit of the Ice Dragon General.

Everyone heard their conversation. Both parties clearly knew their common pet, Ice Dragon.

“Shi Yu!” “Shi Yu!”

When everyone reacted, they saw that on the altar, an Iron-eating Beast was still on all fours.

As for Shi Yu, he wasn’t riding it anymore. Instead, he hung on Eleven’s back like a bow-shaped pendant and closed his eyes. In any case, he didn’t look sober.

“Yi!!”

On the iron-eating beast, apart from Shi Yu, there was also a ginseng baby diagnosing Shi Yu’s situation.

A moment later, Baby Ginseng came to the conclusion that Shi Yu was too weak and had fallen asleep.

It condensed a nutrient tentacle and pried open Shi Yu’s mouth. After letting him eat it first, it felt that it was enough.

As for Shi Yu’s injuries, they were already healed by the Iron-eating Beast and the ginseng baby with high-speed healing a moment ago. It was as if nothing happened.

“What’s wrong with him!”

At this moment, Director Li and the others ran up the altar in a panic. They looked at the fallen Shi Yu and trembled violently. If something were to happen to Shi Yu…

“Wuu, zz ~”

Eleven closed its eyes and pretended to snore. It was trying to tell this group of people Shi Yu’s situation through the acting method.

He was sleeping.

Everyone :”…”

“The soul seed has already integrated into his body, right?” Dean He looked at Shi Yu.

“It should be.” Examiner Feng nodded.

“I wonder when it will hatch.”

The heroic soul seed was a very magical thing. Apart from the people it recognized as its master, outsiders could not hatch or contract it at all.

It was basically equivalent to binding a certain Beast Tamer after forming.

It would integrate into the Beast Tamer’s body and wait to hatch. After hatching, even if it didn’t contract, it would protect the Beast Tamer like a guardian spirit.

Therefore, the heroic spirit was very different from other pets. It was very difficult to covet it. Even if outsiders obtained it and didn’t obtain the recognition of the heroic spirit, both parties would still be rejected.

Just now, everyone clearly saw General Mu Huiyin’s spirit and sword spirit transform into light and condense into a soul seed before landing in Shi Yu’s hand.

This meant that the Ice Dragon General had already acknowledged Shi Yu.

“Director Li, take them to rest.”

“Next, we have to seal the heroic spirit altar here. We still have something to do.”

Instructor Feng looked at the crowd below.

“Yeah.” Dean He nodded. He had to let everyone present sign the confidentiality agreement today.

He couldn’t expose the fact that Shi Yu had obtained Mu Huiyin’s spirit.

Mu Huiyin was the number one person under Emperor Shi of the Dong Huang Dynasty back then. She must have participated in the first totem battle.

This person was indeed a person with a blood feud with the totem race.

Perhaps there were still many totem clans who had enmity with Mu Huiyin who had survived until now.

If Mu Huiyin’s battle results were real, the hatred brought by her name would definitely not be small.

The revenge of the totem clans on the descendants of the war heroes had never stopped.

In Dong Huang, no one could be sure if there were any spies planted by the totem clans hidden.

At least, Dong Huang definitely had spies planted among the humans in the totem area. Then, there would definitely be spies from the totem clans in the country.

Before Shi Yu completely grew up, it was better to seal the news about Mu Huiyin to avoid unnecessary trouble.

Shi Yu had contracted an ordinary sword spirit. Where did this Ice Dragon General come from? That didn’t happen. They didn’t know anything!

He didn’t know anything!

“Block the news first.” Director Li nodded. The rest would be left to Bureau 11 to handle.

Shi Yu… As expected, none of the members of Bureau 11 were easy to deal with.

He had just arrived at the Heroic Ruins and already caused such a big commotion. He wondered if the old principal would faint from fright after informing him…

…

Shi Yu had a very long dream.

In his dream, Shi Yu seemed to have dreamed that he had become a red sparrow. Then, after being burned by the flames, he transformed into a phoenix after rebirth.

“Hu…”

A long time later, Shi Yu suddenly woke up.

He quickly got up from the bed and looked around.

It was an infirmary with a pretty good environment…

At the side, Eleven and Baby Ginseng were looking at their cell phones…

After discovering that Shi Yu had woken up, they quickly turned their heads.

“Wuuu!!” Eleven waved its hand excitedly.

“Yiya!!” Baby Ginseng was also very excited. They had discovered Buggy’s daydreaming diary.

Shi Yu :”…”

Shi Yu reached out and looked at his palm.

In the next moment, a red light ball, which was the soul seed of the Sword Spirit, slowly floated up from Shi Yu’s palm.

Looking at the soul seed, Shi Yu fell silent for a moment.

During the final attack, his consciousness and vision were almost blurred, but he could still see that in the end, General Mu Huiyin also integrated into it.

So, Mu Huiyin’s spirit had disappeared just like that?

At that time, Mu Huiyin’s heroic spirit had indeed said that it would completely disappear in the end, transforming into a soul seed and forming a new undead life form.

However, at this point, Shi Yu suddenly felt a little regretful.

“Mu Huiyin’s main body died after suppressing the Ice River Totem. Now, her heroic spirit has also become a soul seed.”

“What a pity.”

Shi Yu still had many things he wanted to ask the Ice Dragon General. Compared to the soul seed, he wanted to know more about the early days of the Dong Huang Dynasty from the other party, especially about Emperor Shi.

However, there was something else that made Shi Yu very concerned.

That was Mu Huiyin’s bloodline and identity.

She was half human, but what was the other half?

From the start until now, Shi Yu had caught two points.

One, the sun.

The feeling that the sword spirit’s flames gave him was very similar to Sun fire.

2. Phoenix.

If the dream just now was related to this soul seed…

Mu Huiyin seemed to be intentionally or unintentionally forcing him to use the power of the sword spirit to exceed the load to fight.

After the battle, after Shi Yu recovered, he could clearly sense that he didn’t have much of a negative impact.

On the contrary, his current state in various aspects was stronger than before the Sword Spirit possessed him.

The flames just now seemed to have revived him.

After the physical body experienced immense pain, a more perfect body was born.

The strength of physique, spirit, soul, and even the Beast Taming Space was almost an all-round increase.

“Sun, Phoenix?” Shi Yu was at a loss.

He was even more curious about Mu Huiyin’s identity now.

How did such a ridiculous bloodline, which was close to a myth, come to be born in humans?

Shi Yu couldn’t help but be curious. This was because the empress who established the third peak of the Dong Huang Dynasty seemed to also have the bloodline of the Phoenix and was of mixed blood.

It could still be a coincidence the first time, but there had been two such mixed bloods in history, and they had both become big shots. The probability of it being a coincidence was much lower.

1

“From the looks of it, I have to ask the little female dragon in detail,” Shi Yu muttered.

Perhaps it could know something…

In addition, Shi Yu had a new discovery.

After the heroic spirit turned into a soul seed, it seemed to have been recognized as a special life form.

Shi Yu’s index could already see its information.

[Name]: Soul Seed

[Attributes]: Undead, Fire

[Race Level]:???

[Level of Growth]: Unawakened

Energy Points: 100

Good lord, Shi Yu was speechless. What should he say?

He felt that it was even more ridiculous than the Green Silkworm’s cocoon.

This was equivalent to being detected before the young spirit was born. It was still an egg!

Moreover, its energy level was not low. It completely defeated a normal green worm at level ten.

“Wuu!” “Yi!”

At this moment, seeing that Shi Yu was staring at the soul seed, Eleven and Baby Ginseng also looked at the soul seed and asked.

Was this light ball the big sister from before?

“Uh.” Shi Yu nodded and said, “Sort of, but not all.”

However, regardless of whether it was true or not, the little sword spirit at that time should be a female, right?

Eleven, Buggy, Ginseng Baby… Shi Yu felt that it was indeed time for a female pet to come beside him. It was balanced now.

Shi Yu looked at the light ball and sensed his current state.

He pondered for a moment and planned to awaken the soul seed now.

He also knew the speciality of heroic spirits. Their loyalty was very high. Even without a contract, both parties could communicate telepathically.

The premise was that the Beast Tamer used his own strength to hatch it.

Shi Yu held the ball of light and slowly fell into a meditative state.

However, just as Shi Yu entered meditation and wanted to hatch the soul seed, he was immediately interrupted by the awakened worm!

“What are you doing…” Shi Yu couldn’t help but say in disdain when he saw that Buggy wasn’t sleeping well. It was supposed to be waiting for evolution but it wanted to run out to watch the commotion.

“I know, I know. Just this once.”

Unable to stand Buggy’s pestering, Shi Yu summoned the cocoon-like Buggy.

After coming out, Buggy immediately looked over excitedly. Was a new teammate going to join the team?

And it was a little baby that had yet to hatch?

It was sleeping just now and didn’t know anything. It was still shocked awake because Shi Yu was injured and unconscious.

It had almost evolved to save Shi Yu.

After learning from Eleven and Baby Ginseng that Shi Yu was alright, it finally calmed down.

“Sob.” Eleven told Buggy not to be happy too early.

“Yi.” Baby Ginseng also told Buggy not to be happy too early.

A fire-element teammate suspected to be a high-level overlord race. Would they be able to defeat it after adding points??

Baby Ginseng looked worried. Fire-element, and a high-level overlord.

Baby Ginseng would burn to death!

“!!!” Buggy was also shocked. It looked at the soul seed. Seriously?

As a worm, it was also afraid of fire.

Among the three pets, even Eleven couldn’t maintain a very stable mentality.

This was because Eleven could sense that Shi Yu liked the little sword spirit very much. Eleven imagined it for a moment before its expression gradually became solemn.

It felt that the Iron-eating Beast Knight would be a common thing now!

In the future, it would probably have to go from the main force to the support of the charger.

All its power would be absorbed by Shi Yu…

“Shut up.” Shi Yu looked at the soul seed floating in his palm and glared at the three pets.

The worries of the three pets were completely unnecessary in the short term.

Just now, he had already sensed that under the state of the Sword Spirit Possession, the burden on the Beast Tamer was very high.

The sword pressure from just now looked powerful… But in fact, the sword spirit’s growth level at that time was the transcendent level.

This was ridiculous.

If the sword spirit grew to commander rank, Shi Yu felt that he would probably be drained dry before he could even swing his sword.

Therefore, as a proper Beast Tamer, he had to control the growth level of the sword spirit and not possess it randomly.

Iron-eating Beast Knight? Not him. He didn’t want to die. In any case, he wasn’t interested.

It would be best… if the sword spirit was always one level lower than Eleven and the others. This way, he could guarantee that he wouldn’t be suddenly drained dry one day after holding the sword.

No matter how strong Shi Yu’s physique was or how powerful Baby Ginseng was, Shi Yu was very certain that in his current state, he definitely couldn’t contract and control a high-level overlord race commander-level sword spirit.

Shi Yu felt relieved.

He closed his eyes again and entered a meditative state.

He tried to communicate with the soul seed through his mind.

In the darkness, he searched for the wisp of fire.

One second… two seconds… three seconds…

In the outside world, the three pets stared at Shi Yu, who was hatching the soul seed in his palm.

After several minutes, Shi Yu finally established a certain connection with the soul seed.

At the same time, under Shi Yu’s continuous efforts, the light on the bead-sized red light ball became even more dazzling.

Its form also slowly changed under the light.

Eleven and the other pets still stared at the soul seed that was gradually changing its form. They held their breaths and didn’t dare to make a sound, afraid that they would disturb Shi Yu and the soul seed.

At this moment, although Shi Yu’s eyes were closed, he could also feel the changes in the soul seed in the dark vision.

But a moment later.

Shi Yu opened his eyes in confusion and looked at the little undead in front of him.

At this moment, there was no longer any soul seed in front of Shi Yu.

In its place was an illusory figure with a dark red hilt. The sword was a red “Little Sword Spirit”.

Its overall form was similar to Mu Huiyin’s “Red Sparrow” sword, but perhaps because it was young, it didn’t have that many markings.

It was indeed a sword spirit, but…

Shi Yu looked at the sword spirit in front of him that was the size of a fruit knife and the size of a dagger and fell silent.

No way, even a sword spirit had to grow up slowly???

“Mi ~ ~?”

“Mi ~ ~?”

“Why ‘mi’? But that’s not important…”

Shi Yu looked at the little sword spirit and was completely certain. A new sword spirit was like a new baby, young like a piece of white paper. In addition, it was very different from the sword spirit he had just taken earlier. It clearly had its own consciousness.

In addition, perhaps because of some connection, although Shi Yu had yet to contract the little sword spirit, he could clearly sense its situation with the index, just like how he sensed Eleven and the others.

[Name]: Unknown Sword Spirit (Unnamed)

[Attributes]: Undead, Fire

[Race Level]:???

[Level of Growth]: Level 1 Awakening

[Race Skill]: Soul Slash (High-level undead skill, Soul Star, can release Soul Slash, doubling the damage to undead creatures)

Possession (Advanced Undead-type skill)

Light Flame Sword (Advanced Fire-element skill)

Interlocking Sword (super fire-element skill)

Sun Flame (transcendent fire-element skill, Flame containing Sun Power)

Spirit Release (transcendent undead-type skill, Spirit Body with this skill, has the second, third, and fourth forms after liberation)

1

[Energy Points]: 500

Sensing the little sword spirit’s feedback, Shi Yu’s breathing became a little heavy. This was too strong!!

It had only awakened one level. Its battle power could probably break ordinary transcendent pets!

Shi Yu looked at the little sword spirit in surprise and joy.

“Mi ~ ~” At this moment, the little sword spirit had already stuck to Shi Yu’s arm.

“Mi ~ ~” The little sword spirit communicated with Shi Yu like a spoiled child.

It wanted to eat a popsicle.. It was so hot.

1