Chapter 175 - : Sword Spirit Possession

Chapter 175: Sword Spirit Possession

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

“What test?”

When Shi Yu asked, everyone present gulped.

It would probably be very difficult to completely obtain the recognition of this heroic spirit whose predecessor’s battle power was comparable to a totem.

Could Shi Yu pass the so-called test?

“Two.”

Mu Huiyin’s spirit spoke.

“The first condition depends on whether you can withstand the possession of a sword spirit below the same level. This is a test of your body, heart, and will.”

“Second path, control the sword spirit and defeat me.”

As soon as he finished speaking, most of the people watching felt their hearts beat faster.

Putting aside what the first test was, how was the second test possible?

Although the current heroic spirit was only a trace of power, it still had to be considered just who it was that left this power.

Moreover, in the long river of time, these traces of power did not weaken because of time. Instead, they gradually became stronger!

The test… was to fight an ancient general that was comparable to a totem?

Moreover, he had to win?

Even if it was a battle of the same level, this was also a fantasy, right?

At this moment, Mu Huiyin, who had red hair and red eyes, pulled out her sword. Her sword floated quietly in the sky.

Just like the Ice Dragon General, this sword was also in a spiritual body posture. It was wrapped in fire spiritual aura that was like the sun, dazzling.

The body of this sword was red, showing patterns, as well as Yang flames. The flames around it were oppressive, and two words were carved: Red Sparrow.

A moment later, the longsword fell into the altar and was inserted into it. It wasn’t really inserted, but in the form of a spiritual body, as if it had fused. Half of the sword’s body fused into the altar, leaving only half the sword and the hilt.

“Sword… Is this the final form of the Strength Soul Seed?” Shi Yu looked at the Sword Spirit.

His gaze trembled.

Just now, he was just very interested, very interested.

Now, seeing this sword, it was the universe’s invincible super, super, and special interest.

Sword Spirit!

It was a sword!!!

This was more handsome than an archer. Shi Yu had already begun to imagine himself riding an Iron-eating Beast and then being possessed by a sword spirit, killing one small totem at a time.

“Yes, and no.”

Mu Huiyin said, “The Strength Soul will indeed transform into the form of a sword spirit in the end, but what it looks like in the end depends on the person who hatches it.”

“The Red Sparrow is just my sword, it’s a weapon I use to seal the power of my talent bloodline. In the end, it and I will completely disappear and integrate into the soul seed to become a new sword spirit.”

“Do you want to take the test?”

Mu Huiyin said, “Let me remind you in advance that there will be life and death danger.”

“The sword spirit is evolved from the traces of my power. Even if it’s only at the transcendent level, it needs the body and soul of a Beast Tamer above fifth-grade to withstand its power.”

“In order to suppress my own strength, I was forced to contract many ice-element battle beasts and become the Ice Dragon General you name me as.”

“This is a sword spirit with extremely violent power. Ordinary Beast Tamers can’t control it.”

When Mu Huiyin finished speaking, everyone present was speechless.

F*ck…

How strong were they?

Other contracted pets were all to better use their talent.

But this person did it to suppress her strength!

In addition, even if the sword spirit was at the transcendent level, it needed the physical and soul strength of a Beast Tamer above fifth-grade to control it?

In ancient times, the Dong Huang Dynasty had undergone a period of grading for the Beast Tamer level.

There were nine grades in total. Ninth grades was equivalent to a Beast Tamer intern. The initial level of the eighth-level vocation, the intermediate level of the seventh-level vocation, and the advanced level of the sixth-level vocation. As for the fifth-level, it was naturally the current master level!

In theory, if one wanted to control a transcendent-level pet, one just had to be a primary-level Beast Tamer. The second level of the Beast Taming Space was enough.

However, this sword spirit needed a level-five Beast Taming Space?

After everyone judged, there was only one possibility. Using the easier way to understand it now, it was that the racial level of the sword spirit was ridiculously high!

At the very least, there had to be a high-level overlord race, or even higher. Otherwise, they wouldn’t have such strict requirements for Beast Tamers.

“I’ve controlled its power to the transcendent level.”

“If you can pick it up with your own strength, the first test will be considered to be a pass.”

“If you can’t take the current one, you definitely won’t be able to control the new one in the future.”

Ice Dragon General’s expression was calm as she explained the truth.

“Shi Yu, why don’t we forget it?” At this moment, Director Li frowned at the Sword Spirit in the crowd.

“That sword spirit’s energy is very violent and strong. The load it brings might already be close to the level of a monarch. This is not suitable for ordinary Beast Tamers to contract at all.”

“Your Beast Taming Space is only level three, right? Your own safety is more important,” Dean He said.

They also hoped that Shi Yu could obtain the recognition of the sword spirit. This was a huge gain for Ancient Capital University and even for Dong Huang.

However, as top-notch masters, they could clearly sense the horror of the power of this sword spirit.

“Even if I want to pick it up, I’ll probably have to withstand a certain amount of pressure.” After Instructor Xu sensed it, his gaze was solemn. This was only a transcendent-level sword spirit.

It could be said that even if an ordinary master-level mentor went up now, they might not necessarily be able to withstand the power of the sword spirit.

The three top-notch masters persuaded.

However, many students realized that Shi Yu was still staring at the sword spirit seriously.

“Forget it, I know you’re very impressive, but don’t try random things like this.” Among the students, Yu Shu actually spoke too.

Although he was envious and jealous of Shi Yu, as a Spirit Medium, he knew the drawbacks of the undead element very well.

Especially the drawbacks of undead-type pets that could be possessed.

Most necromancers relied on devouring the life, soul, spirit, and physical growth of the Beast Tamer. Under the possession state, although it could increase the combat power of the Beast Tamer, the requirements for the Beast Tamer’s physique were ridiculously high, and the consumption was even greater than the Beast Tamer’s talent.

Shi Yu clearly had no experience in the school of necromancy, so he didn’t know the danger.

Shi Yu really couldn’t withstand a heroic spirit that was number one below Emperor Shi.

Moreover, there had never been a situation of going easy on the test of the heroic spirit ruins.

“Thank you for the reminder.”

“However, I still want to try.” Shi Yu looked at the sword spirit. Was the requirement for the strength of the body and the strength of the soul very high?

Shi Yu stepped forward and walked to the sword spirit.

At this moment, everyone held their breaths. They saw Shi Yu directly place his right hand on the sword hilt.

If it were any other request, Shi Yu might still be afraid.

However, his physical strength and soul strength, the feedback of his two lifetimes and the skill index, had reached the limit of his physical body at every stage. He was not weak at all.

Although he was only an intermediate Beast Tamer now, his physical strength had long reached the level of a top-notch master.

Boom!!!

The sun-like fire spiritual energy wrapped around the sword hilt directly wrapped around Shi Yu’s palm.

Although the sword spirit was only a spirit body, Shi Yu still touched it directly.

At that moment, Shi Yu felt as if he had plunged his hand into the sun. It was extremely hot. The heat instantly invaded his entire body, causing Shi Yu to be instantly covered in sweat. His entire body seemed to be drenched in sweat.

As Shi Yu touched the sword spirit, the sword spirit’s power was also released. With a boom, a huge heat wave erupted from the sword spirit. With a hum, a terrifying hot wind surged in all directions!

“What—”

Almost instantly, the students surrounding the altar felt dizzy as if they had suffered a heat stroke. At this moment, the entire altar and the surrounding ground were scorched by the sun. The thick air seemed to have frozen. The terrifying heat pressure made the students present unable to breathe and feel powerless to move.

“Quickly retreat!!!”

The master-level mentors present also didn’t expect the power emitted by the sword spirit to be so terrifying. They almost made this group of students faint from the heat. At this moment, beads of sweat also flowed down their heads. They hurriedly organized the students and retreated.

“So hot.”

“It’s impossible for fire-type elemental life forms to have this temperature, right?”

Many students felt troubled.

This temperature… transcendent? It was ridiculous.

However, what was even more ridiculous was everything on the altar. After recovering, everyone looked at the altar in disbelief.

At this moment, the sword spirit was like a sun wrapped around its blade, as if it could instantly turn all external objects into dust. The current altar was like a scorching hell. Even if a master-level Beast Tamer relied on himself, it would probably be very difficult to last long. That was the place with the highest temperature, like the core of the sun.

As the sword spirit erupted with power and they felt that this wasn’t a heroic spirit that ordinary Beast Tamers could control… Director Li, Director He, Instructor Feng, and the others regretted not stopping Shi Yu. How was this a transcendent-level sword spirit…

In theory, the burden produced by this sword spirit was probably something that only a top-notch master could withstand. However, as the blurry figure in the heat wave on the altar appeared, all the teachers and students who retreated widened their eyes.

Due to the core of the heat wave and the area with the highest temperature, Shi Yu’s hand was still firmly holding the sword spirit’s hilt.

At that moment, Shi Yu’s sweat had already evaporated. The fire spiritual energy that was like the sun wrapped around his entire body, as if it was burning his physical fitness, making him feel like he was in the hottest sea of fire.

Buzz!

As Shi Yu exerted strength, the sword spirit inserted on the altar loosened slightly.

Everyone revealed incredulous expressions.

How was that possible!

Not only did Shi Yu persist, but he also really made the sword spirit loosen up?

Was he really a human?

Mu Huiyin, who was also on the altar, didn’t show any expression, but she was already surprised that Shi Yu could do this.

Were the Beast Tamers of the later generations actually so trained?

When Shi Yu meditated on the altar to summon her, she could clearly sense Shi Yu’s realm. In her era, even if it was a Beast Tamer with special talent, it was definitely impossible for their training to reach Shi Yu’s level.

Even a hybrid like her might not necessarily be better than Shi Yu at the same level.

General Ice Dragon looked around the altar again and looked at the group of children who were bitterly persisting and seemed to have lost consciousness. She then looked at Shi Yu, who was in the center of the altar.

It seemed that this young Beast Tamer was extraordinary to be able to obtain the recognition of that dragon.

Like a humanoid ferocious beast, a huge power was hidden in its seemingly weak body.

“Damn, is he alright?”

“How exactly did he last?” Among the students, Yu Shu, Wang Ling, and the others didn’t expect that they had also suffered an undeserved calamity outside the altar. Sensing the power of the fire sword spirit’s eruption, they felt like their bodies were about to explode.

That Ice Dragon General didn’t lie… It was completely difficult to imagine what it would feel like if this power appeared in a person’s body. No wonder she had to rely on the power of an ice-type pet to suppress it.

However, at this moment, what made the students who resisted with difficulty but were unwilling to leave the heat… Was the unacceptable fact that Shi Yu, who was of similar level to them, was actually in the center of the heat wave at this moment, still slowly pulling out the sword spirit! Wasn’t this guy afraid of the heat?

What kind of monster was he!

On the altar, the sword spirit was slowly pulled out.

During this period, Shi Yu’s hair color and pupils were faintly visible. Coupled with the flames around him, he had almost turned from a Super Earthling to a Super Saiyan God. During this process, the power of the sword spirit was still gradually increasing, but Shi Yu also gradually began to adapt to the power of the fire sword spirit from a passive situation.

“Come out!” Shi Yu used all the strength in his body. His face was distorted to the extreme by the heat wave, and he was still forcefully pulling the sword spirit. Suddenly, with a boom, an even hotter orange flame erupted from the sword spirit. The fire was like a blazing sun. At this moment, the endless heat seemed to have been summoned by the fire overlord and gathered in the sword spirit again!

Hu hu hu ~

On the altar, amidst the dazzling flames, Shi Yu, who was pulling out his sword with both hands, suddenly felt relaxed. After the light flashed, the Sword Spirit’s entire body was directly revealed in Shi Yu’s vision!

With the sword spirit in hand, Shi Yu’s entire body was still wrapped in the sun-like fire spiritual energy. Under the state of the sword spirit’s possession, his hair, eyes, and body temporarily turned into a color similar to Mu Huiyin.

At this moment, time seemed to have stopped.

The students opened their mouths slightly and looked at the scene on the altar in disbelief.

Shi Yu, who had red eyes and was covered in flames, gave them the feeling that their hearts were trembling.

This was Shi Yu?

“Ridiculous.” Yu Shu widened his eyes and took a step back.

Damn, it was really pulled out?

This guy was indeed not human.

“He…”

“He’s indeed a monster!” Miao Dongdong also widened his eyes.

“It’s been pulled out?”

At this moment, the masters also felt that it was very unbelievable.

Seeing the flames submit and change in attitude in front of them, everyone swallowed their saliva crazily.

“It feels pretty good.”

At this moment, Shi Yu looked at his hands in confusion, as well as the sword spirit in his hand.

Success?

This power…

At this moment, Shi Yu felt that his blood had turned into flames. Although the burden was huge, it had infinite power. Perhaps he could instantly one shot Baby Ginseng with this.

[Ginseng Baby:???]

No, maybe it could even burn space and instantly kill Buggy.

[Buggy:???]

Under the deep breaths of everyone present, Shi Yu’s gaze moved and looked at Mu Huiyin’s heroic spirit.

Was this the form of a sword spirit’s possession? It was indeed powerful.

Although it was very draining, Shi Yu could clearly feel that it had given him some other enhancements, but he didn’t have time to explore it now.

“This… I should be considered to have completed the first test?” Shi Yu said, waiting for Mu Huiyin’s heroic spirit’s response.