Chapter 173 - Summoning The Spirit

Chapter 173: Summoning the Spirit

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

“Damn.”

“Someone beat me to it.”

After arriving at an unfamiliar place, most of the students were still a little restrained.

Without the guidance of mentors and instructors, no one dared to wander around for a moment.

They only communicated in a small area and waited for lunch.

But at this moment, a class ran to the Heroic Spirit Ruins on its own and even successfully summoned the Heroic Spirit, shocking everyone.

“Battle Department (3) class, Yu Shu?”

“Meow.”

“It must be Yu Shu who summoned the heroic spirit!”

At the archeology Department (1) class, Wang Ling was stunned when he heard the discussion in the distance.

Why was Yu Shu so fast?

He had just arrived here not long ago, why did he run over?

Was he in a hurry to reincarnate?

“Are we going too?”

“Of course.”

“There are only so many heroic spirits in the ruins. There won’t be a single one after summoning one. Let’s go and see who the Battle Department’s people have summoned.”

The archeology Department (1) class also quickly followed the crowd to the Heroic Ruins.

…

The Heroic Ruins was a modified special ruin.

It couldn’t move, be entered, or be damaged.

It was an altar with the outside world.

This altar couldn’t be destroyed either. Moving, even the attack of the totem creature couldn’t hurt it at all.

When humans stood on the altar, they had a chance to communicate with the ruins space and summon heroic spirits.

At this moment.

The huge altar connected to the heroic spirit ruins was heavily sealed.

This place had always been heavily guarded, and it was not allowed to enter easily.

However, during the military training of the students of Ancient Capital University, the students could freely go through the blockade line and onto the altar to try to communicate with the heroic spirit.

The battle department (3) class was the first class to come here.

At this moment, a young man stood on the altar in a daze and surprise. He felt the white light around him and was at a loss.

Did it really succeed?

He had actually obtained the recognition of a certain heroic spirit?

The young man was very happy.

Not far from him, the surrounding soldiers revealed envious expressions.

The other students in the Combat Department (3) class also had looks of envy. In the crowd, Yu Shu chuckled and said, “Impressive.”

“Brother Tao, heh~”

The first to take the initiative to ascend the altar and try to summon the heroic spirit was not Yu Shu.

It was a Spirit Medium that Ancient Capital University had dug out from Shen Du City, Tao Yi.

In the vocation assessment of the Divine Capital, he was ranked at the front and was also a Beast Tamer with very good strength.

However, at this moment, only a few people paid attention to Tao Yi.

More people looked at the altar shining with white light and the sky above the altar that had turned into chaos.

They wanted to see what kind of heroic spirit he had summoned.

At this moment, the sky above the altar was blurry and light was chaotic. It was like an illusory scene.

“It looks like a mirage…” Someone muttered.

After the white light shone, the heroic spirit didn’t appear immediately.

Instead, it was this mirage-like chaotic area that began to reach the soul. In a form similar to telepathy, with words, it replicated this heroic spirit’s achievements!

Apart from that, a heroic man in armor and holding a bow appeared in the sky.

The man’s face was blurry, but his figure was tall and imposing.

[Sky Formation Army, Divine Shooting Camp, Lu Zhizhou]

Soon, his name appeared.

Everyone present immediately knew his identity.

Not only was it because the heroic spirit ruins had teleported his name to everyone’s hearts, but also because Lu Zhizhou’s deeds had been recorded in detail. Everyone was familiar with it.

“It’s actually Lu Zhizhou.”

“It’s him…?”

Tao Yi was a little afraid. He felt that he didn’t deserve his recognition.

[Lu Zhizhou, a Beast Tamer from the Heaven Array Army of the three legions under Emperor Shi…]

[At the end of the first totem battle, the battle of Sky Island Pass began. The Divine Shooting Camp was ordered to guard Sky Island Pass and stop the attack of the Feather Demon Empire.]

[At this moment, the difference in the strength of both parties is huge. Our supply is insufficient, and the battle is urgent. Lu Zhizhou, a member of the Divine Shooting Camp, took the initiative to activate the special array symbol left behind by the Heavenly Formation General. At the cost of burning all his and the five battle pets’ lives, he shot out the Resplendent Arrow, igniting the determination of all the members of the Divine Shooting Camp.]

[For two days and two nights, the Divine Shooting Camp waited for reinforcements at the cost of the remaining three and countless sacrifices. They blocked the attack of the Feather Demon Empire and completed the defense mission.]

Then, the heroic spirit ruins even showed Lu Zhizhou’s life experience. He died at the age of 33. From the time he became a Beast Tamer at the age of 17, he had responded to the battle of the totems and fought for 16 years.

His talent was ordinary, and even when he died, he was only a master-level Beast Tamer in today’s time.

As an ordinary member of the Divine Shooting Camp, he could face overlord-level creatures and resist at the cost of his life.

After everyone understood Lu Zhizhou’s merits, the traces of his strength and the heroic spirit formed by the power of faith finally appeared.

A white bow wrapped in a white cyclone appeared in the sky under the convergence of light. This was Lu Zhizhou’s heroic spirit embodiment.

However, after the heroic spirit of the bow appeared, it wasn’t over yet. The heroic spirit of the bow gathered strength in the sky, and its light was dazzling. It aimed at Tao Yi, making Tao Yi take a deep breath.

“After the heroic spirit appears, it might directly recognize its master, or it might choose to test the Beast Tamer who summoned it. If the summoner can’t pass the test, the heroic spirit will disappear on its own.” A large number of people had already gathered outside the altar.

More than 600 students had already arrived.

The mentors of the various classes, the instructors here, as well as the top masters of the Xu, Li, and various other classes also stared at the altar, and were planning to see if this student could pass the test.

“It’s actually not Yu Shu, but Tao Yi. He’s not bad either. His father is a martyr… Perhaps he was influenced by him since he was young.” Dean He looked ahead with mixed emotions.

In short, he was happy that their students from the Combat Department could obtain the recognition of the heroic spirit!

“It’s not Yu Shu. I don’t know him.” At the archeology Department (1) class, after everyone saw the situation in front of them, they started discussing.

“Lu Zhizhou, I’ve seen his story in the textbook…”

“He should be a master-level Beast Tamer. His trump card battle pet is the ‘Falling Feather Bow’.”

“I didn’t expect his heroic spirit form to also be a bow and arrow…”

In this world, mountains, rivers, and plants could all evolve. Books, swords, and swords could also nurture spirits. However, for some reason, after a historical break, weapons became unable to nurture spirits and complete evolution. Instead, in the modern era, mechanical weapons replaced these.

Beep…

[Discover information]

At the same time, below, Shi Yu, who had arrived, activated the index.

Unfortunately, there was no information.

This was the first time Shi Yu had seen “unknown” on Bureau 11’s index.

He originally wanted to see the racial level and growth level of this bow spirit.

However, it seemed that this bow and arrow spirit had yet to completely transform into an undead life form before it completely acknowledged the student in front of it.

Amazing!

How exactly did Emperor Shi manage to imprint the power traces of so many people and things here and make them become heroic spirits in the future? Shi Yu was extremely curious.

How great was this power?

“Come on!!!” At this moment, this student named Tao Yi from the battle department also steeled his heart and was incomparably excited. He planned to accept Lu Zhizhou’s heroic spirit’s test.

He summoned his pet and planned to withstand the attack with all his might!

Outside the altar.

Wang Ling said, “If this Tao Yi can pass the test, he will soar into the sky…”

“Lu Zhizhou was a master-level Beast Tamer when he was alive. With the support of the power of the Time Emperor and the power of faith in the future, his heroic spirit won’t be lower than the potential of a low-level monarch.”

“The upper limit of growth is very high!”

At this moment, Tao Yi, who was looking at the test from various places, started discussing it.

“Do we judge the race level by the strength of the heroic spirit when it was alive?” Someone from the archeology Department (1) class asked Wang Ling.

Wang Ling, a Spirit Medium, clearly knew more about this kind of undead ruins.

“It depends on strength and merits,” Wang Ling said. “It’s also related to the power of faith.”

“At that time, what level would the heroic spirits of the three generals under the emperor be?” Shi Yu also stood beside Wang Ling and asked as he looked at the altar.

Wang Ling said in front of the whole class,

“Under Emperor Shi, the three generals are equivalent to our modern ‘Titled Legends’. They are experts who can fight against totem-level creatures. Their heroic spirits must have the potential of overlords, and it’s very likely that they are a high-level overlord race.”

“Bai Lin, Tian Zhen, and Zhen Hai, the three great generals, also have one deputy general each. They are also equivalent to the legendary Beast Tamers of our later generations. Among these three deputy generals, someone has been summoned. Their heroic spirits’ growth potential is not inferior to low-level overlords.”

“Apart from the three great armies, there are also ten ordinary legendary generals under the command of Emperor Shi. Their heroic spirits have potential levels that aren’t inferior to overlord races.”

“Also, the peerless Iron Blood Hundred Battles Generals, the souls of these generals, have potential levels are all high-level monarch races.”

“As for warriors like Lu Zhizhou, who were master-level when they were alive and had huge merits, their heroic spirit potential levels won’t be lower than monarch races.”

“It’s because of this that the heroic spirit ruins are a treasure left behind by Emperor Shi for the future generations. It’s the foundation to ensure the eternal survival of Dong Huang! Emperor Shi is awesome!”

Wang Ling blushed as he spoke. His requirements weren’t high either. As long as he could obtain the recognition of one of the hundred battle generals under Emperor Shi, he would have no regrets in his life.

Boom!!!!

At this moment, Tao Yi had already endured the dazzling attack of the bow spirit.

In the huge energy shock wave, endless light flickered.

As the light faded, Tao Yi and his pet’s miserable appearance appeared on the altar.

At this moment, Tao Yi looked at the bow spirit in the sky weakly and smiled. He had endured it.

“The heroic spirits are all tested according to the strength of the Beast Tamer who summoned it. They won’t be too difficult…” A knowledgeable person looked at the scene on the altar and nodded.

At this moment, on the altar, the light of the bow spirit dimmed, turning into a white object similar to a “seed” that landed in the student’s palm.

“Hahahaha, congratulations, congratulations!!”

At this moment, when everyone looked at this student enviously, the person in charge of the military training, Xu Kai, laughed and said,

“You’re called Tao Yi, right? Congratulations on obtaining the recognition of Senior Lu Zhizhou’s heroic spirit. You have to inherit his will well!!”

“Yes!!” Tao Yi’s expression was excited as he held the heroic soul seed.

At this moment, although he had yet to contract it, he could clearly feel the connection between him and the soul seed.

“Well done.” Dean He of the Combat Department also looked at Tao Yi in praise.

A moment later.

The laughing Xu Kai walked to his side and patted him on the shoulder. Then, he said to the more than 600 students present,

“Everyone, see this? This is the heroic spirit test I was talking about just now!”

“In the next seven days, all of you have the chance to ascend the altar and try to obtain the recognition of the heroic spirit!”

“Student Tao Yi, go down and rest. You’ve done very well,” Xu Kai said as he supported Tao Yi.

At this moment, outside the altar, the students immediately became lively.

The topic discussed by the archeology Department (1) class was discussed again in each class.

After learning that Tao Yi seemed to have obtained the recognition of a low-level monarch race heroic spirit, the students were even more envious and looked at the altar eagerly.

However, for a moment, many students were quite afraid.

After all, there were too many people here. Moreover, one person had just obtained recognition. If they went up now and didn’t obtain recognition, how awkward would it be?

“It’s my turn next, right?”

At this moment, Yu Shu, who had brought Tao Yi over, smiled and looked at the altar.

Tao Yi’s strength and talent were inferior to his. If he could obtain the recognition of the ruins, he definitely could too!

With that, Yu Shu wanted to walk towards the altar.

At the same time, another person walked towards the altar.

“Shi Yu…” In the archeology Department (1) class, everyone, including Wang Ling, was originally hesitating.

However, the curious Shi Yu couldn’t wait at all. He couldn’t help it.

1

After witnessing the wonders of the heroic spirit ruins, he didn’t have the mood to watch anymore. He couldn’t wait to immediately go up and try to see which ancient heroic spirit he could summon.

Yu Shu and Shi Yu, these two social buffs, were directly stuck in front of the blockade at the same time.

It fell into the eyes of all the mentors, instructors, and students.

Outside the blockade, the corners of Yu Shu’s mouth twitched as he looked at Shi Yu beside him. His stomach hurt.

“What are you doing?” he asked.

“To the altar,” Shi Yu said.

Yu Shu :”…”

I f*cking knew you were going to the altar, but why did you come with me!

“Why don’t you go first?” Shi Yu saw that Yu Shu looked like he wanted to eat him up and said helplessly.

“No, you first!” Yu Shu turned around speechlessly. No, he wanted to see what Shi Yu could summon first.

Only then could he be confident when he boarded.

With that, Yu Shu returned to the class and remained silent.

At this moment, all their gazes landed on Shi Yu.

“Uh.” Director Li looked at Shi Yu. He didn’t expect that Shi Yu, the big boss of Bureau 11 hidden among the new students, would be so curious about the Heroic Ruins so quickly.

But that was normal… The attraction of the Heroic Ruins to all Beast Tamers was terrifying.

“Next… can I go up?” Shi Yu asked the instructor who sealed the altar.

The instructors glanced at Xu Kai.

Xu Kai nodded.

Soon, the blockade was opened. Shi Yu boarded the altar under everyone’s gaze.

Soon, the blockade was let in. Shi Yu boarded the altar under everyone’s gaze.

The other students also discussed.

“It’s Shi Yu…”

“He’s here again.”

“On the day of the club assessment… he was too monstrous.”

“I wonder if he can obtain the recognition of the heroic spirit…”

“Generally speaking, the more you come into contact with undead, the easier it is to obtain the recognition of the heroic spirit. This is also why the chances of a Spirit Medium obtaining the recognition of the heroic spirit are higher. Shi Yu’s three pets don’t have one undead element. It shouldn’t be that easy…”

“But he has the gift of telepathy. It’s hard to say if he can communicate with everything…”

Not only the students, but the examiners and teachers also looked at Shi Yu solemnly.

Although not everyone knew the identity of a member of Bureau 11 Shi Yu, they knew the identity of the top scholar in the assessment in Ancient Capital.

He also knew that Shi Yu was a new star in the archeology world.

They were also very concerned about Shi Yu’s performance in the Heroic Ruins.

“Actually, no matter what kind of heroic spirit’s recognition I can obtain, as long as I can resonate with it, I’ll be rich…”

Many people discussed below, because the heroic spirits that appeared in the heroic spirit ruins were rarely lower than monarch races.

Even if the predecessor of the heroic spirit was only an ordinary soldier, the symbol of an army had long been sublimated to the extreme under the erosion of the power of the Time Emperor and history, becoming extraordinary.

At this moment, Shi Yu had already ascended the altar.

Standing on the altar, he felt very strange.

However, after more than ten seconds, there was still no reaction from the ruins.

Shi Yu :”…”

Shi Yu shouted at the ruins through telepathy twice, but there was still no response.

“Well, do you need any specific actions or language to communicate with the heroic spirit…” Shi Yu looked down at everyone shyly.

Everyone :”…”

Yu Shu looked at Shi Yu speechlessly and shouted, “There’s no need. Just close your eyes and meditate. Don’t worry, it usually takes about one minute.”

Shi Yu nodded. So that was the case.

He began to wait quietly.

Moreover, after his heart settled down, his heart was sincere, and his heart was sincere… Seniors in the ruins, come out!

Miss General Ice Dragon, your Ice Dragon misses you and dragged me to bring you a message!

“A minute.”

A moment later, Shi Yu looked up.

The one minute law really worked.

In an instant, endless light appeared from the altar, and the light shot into the sky. Everyone widened their eyes.

Boom!!!

Below, Tao Yi, who had just gone down, widened his eyes.

All the students widened their eyes.

The phenomenon of Tao Yi summoning a heroic spirit… appeared again!!

“There’s a reaction!”

“Shi Yu and a certain heroic spirit have resonated!”

“I knew it.” Director Li’s eyes lit up.

As a member of Bureau 11, how could Shi Yu not be able to summon a spirit?

The only problem now was which heroic spirit Shi Yu had summoned and which one he had resonated with.

“Could it be a warrior spirit with the potential level of a high-level monarch among the hundred battle generals!” Director Li looked forward to it.

“This guy…” Yu Shu, Wang Ling, and the others didn’t expect Shi Yu to really be able to summon it successfully. Their hearts skipped a beat as they looked at the sky, wanting to know the story of the heroic spirit Shi Yu had summoned.

The students, teachers, instructors, and everyone looked up at the sky.

Soon, in the chaotic area that was like a mirage, the image of a valiant woman in armor with long hair but an unclear appearance appeared.

Although their faces couldn’t be seen clearly, everyone could feel her aura that far exceeded that of a man, the demeanor of a leader, and the aura that shocked the top masters present.

“A female general???” Everyone revealed shocked expressions when they saw the English phantom Shi Yu had summoned.

If it was said that he was only shocked at the start, then next, all the pores on his body seemed to have exploded, and his eyes nearly popped out.

[Ice Dragon General Mu Huiyin, Titled General under Emperor Shi, the strongest general under Emperor Shi, a heroine among women!]

[Mu Huiyin has never married in her life. She dedicated her life to the Dong Huang Ancient Country. In the battle of the totems, she resisted five totem attacks with a single soldier posture, killed 39 overlords, and destroyed countless monarchs…]

As the merits of the heroic spirit phantom appeared bit by bit, everyone was shocked to the extreme. They looked at Shi Yu, who was squinting on the altar, in shock!!

How was this possible?!

Who was this?!

Ice Dragon General?!

The strongest general under Emperor Shi?!

Why had they never heard of it…

After blocking five totem attacks, killing 39 overlords, and destroying countless monarchs… This battle result was completely not inferior to the other three generals!!

Damn, Shi Yu, are you still human???

How did he do it???

At the same time, on the altar.

“It’s not Emperor Shi’s Spirit…” Shi Yu looked at the phantom.. The Ice Dragon General was also very good. It was just nice to rectify the reputation of the Ice Dragon General!