Chapter 172 - Arriving At The Heroic Ruins

Chapter 172: Arriving at the Heroic Ruins

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Shi Yu meditated, added points, and conceptualized the evolution of the ginseng baby.

In the blink of an eye, three days later.

More than 600 new students from the Combat Department and the archeology Department of Ancient Capital University were about to head to the vicinity of the Heroic Ruins for military training.

During this period, Shi Yu thought for a long time and still felt that the skill “mutation” was more suitable for baby ginseng.

Because their baby ginseng was a mutated race.

It was absolutely impossible for an ordinary ginseng baby to be fine eating a level-eight Fruit of Life at the Awakening level.

But his baby ginseng had done it and even underwent a mutation evolution. Perhaps this meant that his baby ginseng’s adaptability was very strong!

Now, in addition to the source of life that almost made it immortal, it might really be able to complete mutation evolution through some extreme environments.

Shi Yu had also thought of the so-called extreme environment.

He planned to create and simulate it himself.

There were mainly three aspects: soil, light source, and water.

He planned to find some super high-level mutant soil, mutant water, and special light to combine the mutant skills and assist the mutation of the baby ginseng.

Among them, Shi Yu’s idea for these mutants was that it was best if they could cause huge pressure on the growth of plants, but also provide a positive boost.

In short, Shi Yu planned to reference the method of the first mutation evolution of the ginseng baby before letting it undergo a mutation evolution.

Of course, it wasn’t impossible to add more external conditions during this process. For example, giving Baby Ginseng another high-level spiritual fruit.

With the help of more comprehensive and higher-level overload resources, the ginseng baby would mutate towards a stronger race!

Before that, Shi Yu would also try his best to increase the skill point of the “mutant” skill.

Through this skill, perhaps as the special environment Shi Yu and the ginseng baby came into contact with became more and more harsh, it could directly solve all the evolution problems of the ginseng baby. It could allow it to mutate and evolve all the way to a Mythical race!

Plant Baby Ginseng on the moon and mutate into Baby Moon Ginseng.

Falling onto Jupiter, Baby Jupiter…

Throw it into the sun, Undead Ginseng Baby…

1

As for the “lush” skill, Shi Yu felt that the chances of evolution were not high, but if there was a chance, it was not impossible to replicate it.

Lush was actually a classic gardener skill. It was a low-level wood-element skill that could allow plants to flourish and increase the power of the wood-element skill. Some specific pets could indeed evolve through this skill and suitable evolution materials, but Shi Yu was not confident about Baby Ginseng.

Baby Ginseng was already a monarch race. It was a little unrealistic to rely on a low-level non-racial skill to complete its evolution. At that time, it would probably still need the so-called specific materials. It was really difficult to experiment, so it was better to mutate and evolve.

Compared to entrusting his hopes to lush, Shi Yu might as well look forward to a super skill, plant control.

This skill included the ability of most wood-element skills. Not only could it control the growth of plants, but it could also increase the quality of plants. Perhaps, when Shi Yu gave this skill to Baby Ginseng and upgraded it to “transcendent”, it could use this skill to help increase its quality and complete evolution again. It looked like it was much higher than the upper limit of the lush skill.

And the problem now was… the Mutant Tree was not easy to find.

Shi Yu had already paid attention to the relevant information. He hoped that he could replicate the mutation skill before he finished using up most of the baby ginseng’s racial skill points.

At this moment, Shi Yu had already started to get on the school bus to the Heroic Ruins.

…

“Are you all used to staying in school these few days?”

Stopping in the armored school bus in the school, Shi Yu’s students were already in position.

Mentor Ding stood in the front row and smiled at the students.

School didn’t start early before the end of the military training because it was to give the new students time to walk around the school, understand the school, and adapt to the school.

“I’m used to it!”

“Ancient Capital University’s number one!”

“The training facilities are too awesome, but they’re a little expensive.”

In the car, the students were very active.

A few socially awesome students shouted at the top of their lungs.

After all, Ancient Capital University was a top-notch institute that had cultivated countless master-level Beast Tamers and even legendary Beast Tamers. The internal training facilities could naturally satisfy the requirements of these new professional Beast Tamers.

“Well, not bad.” Mentor Ding smiled and said, “When we reach the location, remember to listen to the class monitor’s command. If you have any problems, you can also look for Student Shi Yu. Don’t cause trouble.”

As soon as Mentor Ding finished speaking, many people’s gazes turned to Shi Yu, who was sitting in the front row with his eyes closed, and Wang Ling, who was sitting uncomfortably beside him.

Wang Ling was the class monitor, so it was only right to look for him if there were any problems. As for Shi Yu… because he was too strong, Mentor Ding was especially relieved. Be it in the archeological field or strength, Shi Yu was much better than his peers.

However, it was also because of this that Wang Ling felt a headache. Why was he assigned to the same class as Shi Yu? At this moment, his ambition to surpass Shi Yu a few days ago had been halved after watching Shi Yu participate in the battle club assessment.

The stimulation he received was not much smaller than Yu Shu…

Originally, they wanted to rely on the Heroic Ruins to achieve a reversal, but now, Wang Ling, Yu Shu, and the others were feeling a little weak…

…

Soon.

A bunch of school buses started to set off from various places in Ancient Capital University.

The Heroic Ruins was located in a protected area at the edge of Ancient Capital City. With the Beast Tamer Corps guarding it, it was considered a relatively safe ruin. There had been no danger for the past two thousand years, only giving future generations opportunities.

The distance wasn’t very far. Two hours was enough.

During the process, it was alright at the start, but suddenly, Wang Ling, who was sitting beside Shi Yu, was a little nervous.

Something was wrong!

He glanced at the meditating Shi Yu and inexplicably felt that the smell on Shi Yu’s body was a little good. He even wanted to smell more, making him call himself a pervert.

“What’s your smell…” A moment later, Wang Ling couldn’t help but ask. Was it shower gel, shampoo, or some brand of perfume?

Shi Yu could clearly rely on his looks and talent to make a living, so why did he have to be such a fancy foil?

Although it smelled really good.

Shi Yu opened his eyes and looked at him.

Without saying a word, he took out a sachet that was constantly emitting a sweet aura and swayed in front of Wang Ling.

“A sachet made of sweet gas above transcendent can relieve fatigue, replenish physical fitness, and increase the efficiency of meditation.”

“How is that possible? It’s not like I haven’t used it before. How can it have so many effects? Where did you buy it from?” Wang Ling didn’t believe it.

Moreover, the taste was very special.

“You’ve never used it before. This is something we made ourselves. Do you need it? The friendship price of a classmate is 3 million yuan each. It can be used for about a month. I suggest packing a year for you to surpass Yu Shu. It definitely won’t be a problem.” Shi Yu smiled and looked at him.

“I can be so strong because of it.”

Wang Ling was stunned.

Extortion! It was f*cking expensive!

The price was almost close to the level-five resources used by monarch-level creatures.

With this money, wouldn’t it be better for him to buy Ethereal Stones and other supplements?

“Stop lying to me!”

“In addition, to correct you, I’m stronger than Yu Shu to begin with,” Wang Ling said. “I don’t need this thing.”

“Alright then.” Shi Yu returned the sachet. You’re not confident about being given opportunities? He wasn’t lying.

As a strengthening talent, Wang Ling was also very weak. This sachet was definitely a supreme-grade divine weapon for strengthening talent Beast Tamers.

Not only could it assist the Beast Tamer in meditation, but it could also be used to relieve the fatigue after the Beast Tamer used his Beast Taming Talent to help his pet train. The cost-effective ratio exceeded other supplements. 3 million was really a friendly price.

…

After discovering the nature of Shi Yu’s “black business”, Shi Yu and Wang Ling were speechless.

“Everyone, pay attention to maintaining order.”

Soon, everyone arrived at their destination.

After arriving at the location, Mentor Ding appeared out of nowhere again.

The students in Shi Yu’s car and the dozen or so other cars nearby got off neatly under the guidance of their respective mentors.

“What a high city wall…”

After getting out of the car, the students could immediately see the wall dozens of meters tall in the distance.

In fact, every city close to the wild had city walls. For example, Ping Cheng had tall city walls that could withstand the ferocious beasts in the snow mountains. The materials of these city walls were special, and even ferocious beasts would find it difficult to break through.

Seeing the city wall, everyone clearly realized that this should be the edge of the ancient capital.

It was also where the Beast Tamer Troops were stationed in Ancient Capital City and the ruins of the Martyrs.

“A new student from Ancient Capital University is here.”

“They’re all good seedlings. I really want to pull them into the camp to train.”

“Unfortunately, there are very few talented Beast Tamers who are willing to come to the Beast Tamer Troops now.”

“What do you know? The country is pursuing comprehensive talents now. How can they all come to the camp?”

When the students arrived, not far away, a group of Beast Tamers in camouflage battle suits looked at them and communicated with each other.

“Stop chatting. Go receive the school leaders of Ancient Capital University,” said a leading officer.

On the way, the in-charge of Ancient Capital University, Director Li of the archeology Department and the Combat Department, Director He, walked towards the group of army Beast Tamers with a smile.

“Old Xu, long time no see.”

“It’s been a while.”

When the students went to the assigned accommodations to place the daily necessities, Director Li and Dean He of Ancient Capital University found the Old Xu they were talking about.

“Yeah.” The officer in the camouflage battle suit, Xu Kai, smiled and said, “How’s the quality of the students this time?”

“Of course it’s good. Let’s strive for ten people to obtain the recognition of the heroic spirit!” Dean He of the Combat Department chuckled.

There were many Spirit Mediums in his department, the chances were very high!

Unfortunately, Wang Ling and Shi Yu were intercepted by the archeology Department. He glanced at Director Li, who was also smiling.

“Looks like it’s pretty good.” The officer, Xu Kai, nodded.

Then, the mentors of the various classes and the instructors of the ruins protected area also met.

Soon, the students who found their temporary residence and placed their daily necessities came out.

Under the guidance of the mentors, the more than 600 students who had come to the Heroic Ruins for military training were quickly organized.

Shi Yu didn’t have to think in the crowd to know that it was time for the so-called speech segment again.

On the wide ground, the students stood neatly. Xu Kai, Director Li, and Director He smiled and said a few words before walking to the conspicuous high platform.

At this moment, when they saw this dark-skinned, muscular officer with a little beard go on stage and reveal a serious gaze, the students below began to discuss softly.

“That’s one of the top masters of the ancient capital, Xu Kai, an expert of the Beast Tamer Corps.”

“He has a super battle record of leading teams and fighting the overlord undead for half a day!”

“It’s said that he’s also a Beast Tamer recognized by powerful ancient spirits.”

Below, these new students from Ancient Capital University were also knowledgeable people. After all, apart from some who came from humble origins, most of them were still second-generation heirs. They were not unfamiliar with the experts in the Beast Taming Domain of Ancient Capital.

“Hello, I’m one of the in-charge of your military training, Xu Kai.”

Xu Kai’s gaze flowed through the crowd and said, “You’re all proud sons of heaven, elites from top universities. I’m very honored to be your instructor. This time, I’ll be together with your Dean Li and Dean He to show you the deeds of those ancient heroes!”

Not far from Xu Kai, Director Li from the archeology Department and Dean He from the Battle Department smiled and nodded.

The purpose of this military training was extraordinary. It was mainly to let these students who lived in relatively peaceful times know who brought them this hard-won life.

Apart from the Beast Tamers who were still guarding the edge of the city and the border of the country, there were also ancient heroes who should be grateful for the liberation of humans from the totems.

It could be said that the goal of this military training was to nurture the national identity of the young Beast Tamers.

If he taught people and ended up teaching a bunch of villains, it would be a waste.

With countless external enemies, no one could guarantee how long the stable situation could last.

After all, the ancient Dong Huang Dynasty was also incomparably glorious in the past, crushing the totem clans until they couldn’t breathe. There were even dynasties who organized their armies to kill their way to the totem area.

But it still couldn’t escape the law of the dynasty’s decline, because in comparison, the lifespan of humans was too short. The alien races couldn’t be defeated, and who could guarantee that the current peace would last forever? Now, the small-scale conflict at the border had never stopped.

In this situation, it was very necessary to let these elite Beast Tamers who weren’t from the military path understand the history of Dong Huang from the past to the present. They had a certain amount of hot-bloodedness.

This Master Xu Kai was also an expert in speech. In just a few words, he mobilized the national honor of many young students present, making many people’s blood boil. They even wanted to immediately drop out of school and join the army to fight the foreign races in the border battlefield and the totem area.

“In order to protect the future, the great Emperor Shi imprinted the traces of countless heroes of the first generation of the Dong Huang Dynasty in the heroic ruins in front.”

“All humans of Dong Huang have hope of obtaining the recognition of the heroic spirits and activating their deeds!”

“In the subsequent thousand years of turmoil in the Dong Huang Dynasty, many heroes rose up and launched a counterattack with the recognition of the heroic ruins here.”

“And up to now, all the heroic spirits in the heroic spirit ruins have yet to be unlocked, waiting for the inheritors of the future.”

“In other words, if you have enough determination, faith, and aptitude, those ancient heroes might walk out of the long river of history and assist you in the form of undead spirits. They will continue to protect Dong Huang in another form!”

“In the past seven days of military training, apart from visiting the ruins in the ruins and understanding the deeds of every hero, you can also take the initiative to try to communicate with the ancient spirits that have not been summoned.”

After spending more than an hour explaining the things to take note of, the student group dispersed.

Unlike what Shi Yu had imagined, the military training here was very different from the so-called military training in his previous life.

There were no strict requirements for discipline, and no special instructors were sent to manage a class, giving the students a relatively free space.

It was indeed as Mentor Ding said. They seemed to be here for a holiday.

Those instructors’ subsequent duties were more like guides introducing the ruins.

He hoped that through the protected area of the ruins, he could let the students understand history and nurture their sense of national identity. He could really obtain some substantial thinking growth from this military training.

There were also some elite students who might obtain strength growth from the heroic spirit ruins.

In comparison, using some military-style training methods to train this group of elites who had passed the vocation assessment was really meaningless and unnecessary. It wouldn’t have any huge effect at all.

Which one of them wasn’t an elite of the same level? If they were pulled out alone, even instructors might not necessarily be able to defeat this group of students at the same level.

After the meeting ended.

The various classes gathered together again.

Wang Ling looked at the 32 students in front of him and took a deep breath. “Everyone heard that, right?”

“The most valuable thing about this military training is to obtain the recognition of ancient heroic spirits!”

“In seven days, everyone can try countless times. In addition, as the class monitor, I can teach everyone a small skill to communicate with the heroic spirit and increase everyone’s success rate of communicating with the heroic spirit.”

As the class monitor, Wang Ling was still very responsible. The moment he spoke, the students in the class below immediately became restless and looked at him.

Even Shi Yu looked at him. What little skill was this? Why didn’t the beast-eared girl remind him?

“Class monitor, you’re awesome. What little skills?” The other students also started to ask anxiously.

“Really? I heard that the success rate of the candidates communicating with the spirits during the military training in the Heroic Ruins over the years is only about 1%. In other words, among the six hundred of us, maybe only six will succeed…”

This probability was neither high nor low, but for most ordinary students, it was still a little despairing.

“In short, if I can successfully communicate, I’ll treat the whole class to a meal,” someone said.

Wang Ling looked at the excited students and chuckled. “Don’t be anxious, don’t be anxious. Listen to me…”

“This little skill is that it works if you’re sincere…”

Shi Yu :”…”

Everyone: “…Let’s change our class monitor?”

It felt like he was talking nonsense.

Everyone knew that sincerity worked.

Could it be that he had to communicate with the heroic spirit from the perspective of the totems?

That way, even if it could be summoned, it probably wouldn’t be recognition, but manifestation to kill.

“There’s still more,” Wang Ling added.

“You’ve all seen the textbooks, right?”

“There are countless heroic deeds recorded on it. The power of these heroes must have been branded in the heroic spirit ruins.”

“Generally speaking, the stronger your faith in a certain person, the more familiar you are with his deeds, the greater your hope of obtaining its recognition.”

“Therefore, this week, if the first communication fails, don’t be discouraged. You can try to revise more heroic deeds and communicate with them with a sincere heart.”

“In addition, you have to be devoted. Don’t think that you can obtain the recognition of many heroic spirits. Just go for one person.”

“Also, do a good investigation. Many heroic spirits have already been summoned. At this time, no matter how much you understand them, it’s useless. It’s impossible for them to appear again.”

Wang Ling explained many small skills that he knew. This time, he even sounded like he was talking sense. The students nodded.

“Shiyu, do you have any suggestions?”

At this moment, a pretty girl in the class looked at Shi Yu, who was lazing around, with shining eyes.

Shi Yu was known as a new star in the archeology world and a famous figure among the new students. She also wanted to hear Shi Yu’s suggestion very much.

As soon as she finished speaking, the group of fans in the class immediately looked at Shi Yu.

“Uh.” Shi Yu was at a loss. Suggestion?

Shi Yu thought for a moment and said, “Then I’ll give you my opinion.”

“It’s said that Emperor Shi imprinted the power and deeds of all those with merits in the ruins of the heroic spirit in a special way.”

“One goal is to hope that the future generations will encounter a disaster. Their strength and faith can still be replicated in another form to protect Dong Huang.”

“And the other goal is to hope that their merits can be preserved in one more way.”

“This is also why when someone summons heroic spirits, not only will their power reappear, but their deeds will also appear.”

“There shouldn’t be anything missing from the records of Emperor Shi, but the later generations should have many incomplete records of the things that happened at that time. Because of this, if we can summon a hero that hasn’t been recorded in history, its deeds will appear. It should be a very valuable archeological discovery.”

“Therefore, maybe we can communicate with the ruins from the perspective of an archeologist…”

“Explore the unknown and restore the truth of history.”

In theory, in this special place modified by Emperor Shi, even without the gift of telepathy, the ruins could still appear!

However, after Shi Yu finished speaking, he suddenly felt that he had said a bunch of nonsense. This was too abstract. It was far inferior to Wang Ling’s little skills.

However, Wang Ling nodded at this moment and looked enlightened.

“Shi Yu is right. My little skill is actually more suitable for students of the Combat Department. Our current identities are students of the archeology Department. If we want to achieve something in this field, compared to obtaining the recognition of a powerful heroic spirit, it’s more valuable to explore things that have not been recorded in history or have ambiguous information that can’t be judged in history.”

“The heroic spirits of the heroic spirit ruins have yet to be completely unlocked. Many archeologists have come here to investigate mostly because they want to explore unknown deeds and not obtain the recognition of the heroic spirit.”

“Indeed. Senior Lu Qingyi has investigated the ruins of the Heroic Spirit many times and rejected the Heroic Spirit’s ownership just to investigate some truth.” Shi Yu nodded.

“We understand!” When Shi Yu and Wang Ling finished speaking, the students from the archeology Department (1) class looked enlightened.

Although they didn’t know what had happened, after Shi Yu and Wang Ling said this, they suddenly felt stable. They felt like their conception and understanding had been unlocked.

It was really good to have a big boss and a good class monitor to guide him.

Shi Yu :”…”

Did they really understand?

As everyone was talking, suddenly, a white light shot into the sky from afar, instantly attracting everyone’s attention.

Not far away, an instructor widened his eyes and said, “Who is it? Are you students so efficient? Someone ran to the altar so quickly and successfully communicated with the heroic spirit?”

Many mentors also revealed shocked expressions.

“Which class?”

“It’s the battle department (3) class. After they were disbanded, they were brought to the Heroic Ruins by class monitor Yu Shu…”

At this moment, no matter if it was the teachers, students, or instructors, they couldn’t sit still anymore.. They all ran towards the Heroic Ruins to see what the battle department (3) class was doing over there.