Chapter 180 - Chi Tong

Chapter 180: Chi Tong

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

After Lu Qingyi arrived, Shi Yu wasn’t sleepy anymore.

Shi Yu chatted with her about many things regarding the Phoenix race.

Lu Qingyi still had a lot of research on this race.

After all, her Green Spirit Wind Bird was the phoenix bloodline obtained in an archeological ruin.

“Mi…”

However, as the two of them chatted, they almost ignored the real protagonist of this encounter.

The little sword spirit listened to the two of them talk about Dong Huang for thousands of years with a blank expression. Her head hurt.

Little Sword Spirit:(╥╯^╰╥).

In order to attract their attention, the little sword spirit condensed flames on the sword and used the flames to form a crying expression.

Unhappy!

“Mi ~!!”

“Uh.” Shi Yu looked at the little sword spirit.

“Are you hungry?”

Shi Yu realized that the little sword spirit was really talented. How long had it been since it was born? It could already use the power of fire as an emoticon.

Not only was he stronger than Buggy, but he was also smarter than Buggy.

“Mimi!!!” The little sword spirit nodded crazily.

It threw away the ice-element energy crystal. Although it was quite comfortable to carry this thing, it felt a little hungry after carrying it for a long time.

“Alright.” Shi Yu understood. After all, the little sword spirit had just been born and was an overlord race. It was time to replenish a large amount of nutrition.

“Uh, fruit to eat…” Shi Yu fell into deep thought.

The little sword spirit had mastered the Sun Flame. If Baby Ginseng could create a nutritional fruit by absorbing light, theoretically speaking… Well, it seemed unlikely. There was still a huge difference between sunlight and Sun Flame.

“Mi?” The little sword spirit landed in Shi Yu’s hand. What was that?

“You should give it the soul crystal.” Lu Qingyi helped the little sword spirit refuse this food.

Was it appropriate to feed a undead fruits?

Even if it was really nutritious, it was no different from giving the green worm rare metals.

It couldn’t absorb much at all!

“For undead creatures at the Awakening Stage, the Soul Crystal is the most perfect food. Even fire-element creatures can delay the cultivation and develop it after it reaches the transcendent level.”

“That’s true, but I’m not prepared. “Senior, do you have it?” Shi Yu said.

“I don’t have any undead pets. Go and ask Master Feng. The Beast Tamer Troops definitely have stock.”

“Or… Do you want me to bring you along to hunt personally? I just want to see its ability.” Senior Lu looked at the little sword spirit with interest.

“Outside the city wall?” Shi Yu’s eyes lit up.

“Yes.” Lu Qingyi nodded.

Soul crystals were the same as fire-element energy crystals, thunder-element energy crystals, and water-element energy crystals. They were all pure energy crystals.

However, natural elemental energy crystals like fire, lightning, and water were born in nature in the form of mineral veins or condensed by creatures above commander rank.

As for the soul crystal, its birth method was different. It only appeared in the bodies of undead creatures and was considered the core of the other party.

Therefore, the competition between undead creatures was also the greatest. All the races could form a food chain.

The Undead Battlefield was known to have tens of millions of undead. The Beast Tamer Troops were stationed nearby and would regularly sweep it. Resources like soul crystals couldn’t be lacking.

Even if the Beast Tamer went hunting himself, as long as he had the strength, he could obtain the Soul Crystal like picking up a rock.

“Didn’t you say that this little sword spirit has mastered the Spirit Release skill?”

“Yes.”

“From entry-level proficiency to proficiency level, the requirement to reach proficiency level requires devouring ten thousand transcendent-level undead and a commander-level undead.”

“The process of obtaining the soul crystal can also increase its Spirit Release skill. It’s killing two birds with one stone. In the future, you can come to the undead battlefield to train more,” Lu suggested.

Not only could it increase the skill proficiency, but it also obtained a large amount of reserve food!

“Then let’s go take a look?”

Shi Yu was also tempted. It was mainly because Senior Lu was bringing him. Even if he went to the Undead Battlefield, it should be very safe.

In addition, Lu Qingyi was right. This was the advancement requirement for the Spirit Release skill.

To release the second form, it needed to devour 10,000 transcendent-level undead and a commander-level undead.

Unlocking the third form required devouring a thousand commander-level undead and a monarch-level undead.

To liberate the fourth form, one needed to devour 100 monarch-level undead and one overlord-level undead.

It corresponded to proficiency, mastery, and perfection.

The Spirit Release skill was not exclusive to the little sword spirit. Apart from it, there were still some undead who had mastered the Spirit Release skill.

This kind of undead had a unified characteristic, which was that their race was too strong and their strength was too strong. They needed to seal part of their strength and unlock them one by one. Otherwise, excessive strength would interfere with their growth, causing their strength to go berserk.

At the moment, there was only a perfect proficiency record for this skill. He had never heard of a higher fifth form. Probably no pet had reached it. According to the previous conditions, someone deduced that it probably needed to devour ten overlord undead and a totem-level undead.

The former was still alright. It was too difficult to kill a totem-level undead.

2

This difficulty was not something that could be achieved under normal circumstances.

“Let’s go.” Lu Qingyi smiled.

“Let’s go.” Shi Yu pulled the little sword spirit over and said, “I’ll take you to a big meal.”

Because it was a spirit body, the texture of the little sword spirit’s body was not like a real sword. Its body could even bend and make various arcs. Shi Yu could also lengthen its sword body like rubber mud, as if he was pinching its face.

This was very cute. Otherwise, if it was a metal-element sword, Shi Yu would really be afraid of cutting off his hand when interacting with it.

“Mi!!”

…

“Dr. Lu, Shi Yu?”

When Shi Yu and the others came out, the instructors and mentors outside were immediately shocked when they saw them.

Shi Yu woke up.

“Shi Yu, how’s your situation?” Director Li asked in concern.

“You guys…”

Director Li, Director He, and Instructor Feng had been waiting outside. At this moment, when they saw Lu Qingyi bringing Shi Yu out and looking like she was about to leave, they couldn’t help but ask.

“There’s nothing serious,” Shi Yu said. “Thank you for your concern.”

The three top-notch masters had also heard from the doctor and the doctor that Shi Yu was alright, but he had slept for a day regardless. It was very difficult for them not to think too much.

“I’ll take them to the edge of the undead battlefield to take a walk. I’ll be back later,” Lu Qingyi said.

Shi Yu nodded. The little sword spirit that came out of Shi Yu’s pocket also popped its head.

“The soul seed hatched? It’s indeed a sword spirit!”

The three of them were stunned, and then they had bitter expressions.

What!

To the Undead Battlefield?

His superior had given the order not to let anything happen to Shi Yu. Now they were letting him go to the Undead Battlefield to cause trouble. Was it alright for him to take a walk?

“It’s alright,” Lu Qingyi confirmed.

“Alright, alright.” Instructor Feng was in a difficult position. Lu Qingyi had more power, after all. Moreover, Lu Qingyi’s strength was stronger than the three of them.

A top-notch master!

Lu Qingyi was currently one of the few master-level Beast Tamers who were close to the legendary level under the age of 30 in Dong Huang. In addition, although they were both top-notch masters, there was still a difference in strength.

After all, the threshold of resisting overlord-level creatures was too broad. It was possible for them to resist commander-level races and overlords, but it was also possible to resist monarch-level races and overlords. It was also possible to resist for a few minutes under the overlord’s bitter attacks. Or, it was possible to fight back.

Lu Qingyi, whose many pets had quasi mythical bloodlines, was clearly the batch with the highest battle power.

…

A moment later.

Outside the ancient capital.

Dark clouds lingered, and above the gloomy plain battlefield, a gentle starlight appeared.

A huge bird with a sky-blue body and beautiful blue feathers, bright colors, and a light body slowly appeared.

Its wings were as green as the sky and suffused with a gentle light. It wrapped the two figures on it and dispersed all the Yin energy.

Before long, the Green Spirit Wind Bird slowly descended.

Lu Qingyi and Shi Yu got down from it together.

Because the Plain Battlefield was filled with plagues and curses, for convenience’s sake, Lu Qingyi simply let Shi Yu ride with her on a pet.

Shi Yu shouldn’t have any experience training in such a place, but Lu Qingyi had come here many times for archeology. Whether it was her Green Spirit Wind Bird or the Wind Demon Lion with an evil suppressing bloodline, they all had the ability to dispel plagues and curses.

“Pfft…” Shi Yu stopped breathing as he stood on the black ground and looked at the bones and ghost flames on the ground.

What kind of lousy place was this?

“You’ll get used to it.” Lu Qingyi looked at Shi Yu and smiled faintly.

“…Alright,” Shi Yu replied with difficulty.

The problem was that it was very difficult to get used to.

Shi Yu was considered bold. He had even slept beside a tomb. However, the environment here was really very oppressive. Apart from the pressure on his vision, there were also various negative energies suppressing his mind and heart.

“Mi!!!”

Shi Yu was depressed, but at this moment, the little sword spirit flew up excitedly.

Its entire body burned with flames!

Its battle intent increased.

In its opinion, the atmosphere here was very suitable for a big battle.

“Although it looks timid, it seems to be very brave.”

Seeing the little sword spirit like this, Lu Qingyi couldn’t help but smile.

“After all, it’s the spirit of Grand General Mu Huiyin. That person completely rose up in the war. Just the overlords she had killed alone are in the dozens, and the number of monarchs that have been destroyed is countless.” Shi Yu felt that since the little sword spirit had inherited the characteristics of Mu Huiyin’s liking for ice pastes, it probably had also inherited some battle will.

Beep…

The location where the two of them landed was not bad. There were many undead creatures nearby.

Just now, because of the aura of the Green Spirit Wind Bird, many undead immediately pretended to be dead and hid. But as the Green Spirit Wind Bird landed and put away its aura, many undead immediately became restless.

Shi Yu and Lu Qingyi both had indexes. Under the energy display of their indexes, they quickly locked onto a skeleton pile about 300 meters away.

In the skeleton pile, after a whoosh, a specter with burning ghost flames, facial features, and a terrifying face floated up like a red lantern.

[Name]: Lantern Monster

[Attributes]: Undead

[Race Level]: Medium transcendent

[Level of Growth]: transcendent

[Race Skill]: Ghost Flame

[Introduction]: It was originally a symbol of happiness, light, vitality, perfection, and wealth. It turned into an undead because of the war.

Energy Points: 555

“It’s a lantern monster.”

Lu Qingyi spoke and turned to look at Shi Yu and the little sword spirit. “It’s up to you.”

At this moment, Shi Yu also looked at the little sword spirit.

However, before he could give the order, the little sword spirit immediately turned into a red light. Before the lantern monster knew what was going on, it pierced a hole in the middle with one hit!

With a boom, the lantern monster immediately exploded. Flames surged out from inside, and ghost flames filled the air!

Then, an even stronger, hotter, and more dazzling flame covered the ghost fire and swallowed it in an instant.

In the explosion, a broken soul crystal fell. At the same time, a flame flew from the lantern monster to the little sword spirit’s side and fused into its body.

At this moment, the little sword spirit’s aura strengthened a little, and it cried out in joy.

“Mi ~!!”

After saying that, it looked at the Soul Crystal that the lantern monster had exploded.

It wasn’t in a hurry to get it. Instead, it looked at Shi Yu like it was asking for credit, hoping to receive Shi Yu’s praise.

“…Not bad, but don’t attack rashly next time. What if the opponent is very strong?” After being stunned, Shi Yu said to the little sword spirit,

“Remember to listen to my command. I’ll let you attack again. Of course, if you face danger, you can counterattack yourself.”

The little sword spirit was just born and had only awakened one level, while the lantern monster was at the transcendent level. It was a whole level higher than it.

The little sword spirit was reckless, making Shi Yu very embarrassed.

“Mi ~!!” It was unknown if the little sword spirit understood.

At the side, Lu Qingyi nodded slightly and said, “High-level skill Soul Slash, instantly killing the lantern monster. That was the Spirit Release just now, right? After burning the killed lantern monster, it can break it down into special spiritual power to increase skill proficiency.”

“It’s just a little useless soul crystal.” She looked at the fallen soul crystal again.

The soul crystal that should have been fine now looked broken.

They couldn’t sell it for a good price anymore. They could only let the little sword spirit settle it itself.

Unlike other energy crystals, it was not easy to get a high-quality soul crystal. It was very challenging for Beast Tamers to hunt undead.

“It’s already not bad.” Shi Yu went to pick up the soul crystal. The little sword spirit flew over and quickly burned the soul crystal to death, devouring its soul power.

“Mi ~” The little sword spirit stuck to Shi Yu in satisfaction.

However, it still felt hungry… It looked around again.

“Don’t worry ~ There are many undead here,” Shi Yu said with a smile.

“Senior, it shouldn’t be a problem for the little sword spirit to be judged as a high-level overlord, right?”

“Well, three high-level skills, three super skills, in addition to this energy value that’s comparable to transcendent level, and the attack just now… There’s no doubt that it’s a high-level overlord race.”

Lu Qingyi gave it a very high evaluation.

Generally speaking, with two transcendent race skills, the creature could be considered a low level overlord.

Three super-level skills was the baseline for middle level overlords.

Four super racial skills made up the skills of the high-level overlord race.

However, this was ignoring the other qualities of the pet and looking at the evaluation criteria of the skill alone.

Although the little sword spirit only had three transcendent racial skills, this ridiculous energy value was enough for it to be called a high-level overlord race.

“Impressive ~” Shi Yu looked at the little sword spirit.

At this moment, Lu Qingyi thought again and said, “Perhaps, it’s not just that. The Spirit Release skill is very special. It can’t be regarded as an ordinary super skill.”

“What do you mean?”

“Because the method to increase the proficiency of the Spirit Dissection is relatively clear.”

“The growth level is divided into seven stages. After the overlord level, it’s the totem level. Of course, there are many ways to call this level. Some people like to call totem level, some like to call humans at that level a guardian, and some people like to call this level quasi-mythical. It means that this is a level close to the Mythical Domain.”

“Do you know the requirement for overlord-level creatures to advance to the totem level?” Lu Qingyi asked Shi Yu.

Shi Yu shook his head.

“There are actually many ways to get to the totem level. Among them, one method is to train the transcendent racial skills to the ‘transcendent level’ after your growth level reaches the overlord level standard. At this time, transcendent racial skills will once again lead the growth of your pet to another level, which is the totem level we’re talking about.”

“You can understand that most totem-level creatures have mastered a transcendent skill.”

“General Mu Huiyin’s heroic spirit has mastered the Spirit Release skill. The Spirit Release skill is the most explicit skill to increase proficiency. As long as there are enough resources, it’s not too much to say that it has totem potential, which makes it a quasi-mythical race. After all, very few pets have such a clear path to advance.”

“Mi!” The little sword spirit was so awesome.

“The criteria for advancing to the totem level is for the transcendent racial skill to reach the transcendent level?” Shi Yu was stunned.

“Yes.” Lu Qingyi nodded and said, “But there are also differences between totems.”

“For example, a totem that has trained a super ability to perfection can only be considered an ordinary totem.”

“And some totems have already raised two, three, or even four superpowers to that level. They have new nicknames, just like how the Undying Dark Phoenix under this undead battlefield is a top-notch totem.”

“Under the influence of its power, even an ordinary red lantern that symbolized happiness could be turned into undead…”

“It’s off topic. So, as long as its growth is smooth, your little sword spirit might also have a chance to advance to the totem level,” Lu Qingyi said. “You understand what to do, right?”

“I understand.” Shi Yu nodded. Senior Lu meant for them to develop steadily.

Stable development, and not to be reckless!

“Then… let’s continue hunting with it,” Lu Qingyi said. However, she suddenly thought of something and looked at Shi Yu and the little sword spirit with interest.

A faint smile appeared.

“By the way, I seem to have also heard that after the Sword Spirit possesses you, you will become a red-haired and red eyed person, a Chi Tong?”

“I heard from Director Li that it’s also very elegant, no, divine. How about transforming for me?”

“If it’s pretty, I’ll also consider contracting a possessed undead.”

Shi Yu: “?”

Could it be that the purpose of her contract with the undead was to dye her hair and get free contact lenses?

“Wait,” Shi Yu said. “Senior, you just said Chi Tong?”

Lu Qingyi was stunned and nodded. “What’s wrong?”

Shi Yu looked at the little sword spirit and said, “Smile.”

The little sword spirit was at a loss, but it still followed Ji Yu’s request and used the flames to condense into a smile on the sword.

Its fiery red eyes were very lovable.

“Yes, I’ll call you Chi Tong. After all, after you possess me, your power turns me into a red-haired Chi Tong. It’s a symbol of our commonality. How about that?” Shi Yu asked the little sword spirit.

“Mi!!” The little sword spirit was stunned and nodded happily.. Alright, alright, it was better than Little Red and Little Mi.