Chapter 188 - The Butterfly Meeting

Chapter 188: The Butterfly Meeting

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

“Or did you awaken some special ability?”

After the anomaly, Shi Yu was in no mood to attend class.

He was thinking about the Tyrant Dragon. The Tyrant Dragon, the Tyrant Dragon…

Shi Yu felt that the anomaly might be related to Buggy.

Otherwise, why would Buggy have appeared beside him at that time?

Furthermore, the various abilities of the insects happened to be related to dreams!

There was definitely a connection!

“Let’s try again.”

Shi Yu called out to Buggy.

Buggy nodded crazily.

Damn it. Although he didn’t know what happened just now, that dinosaur felt so strong.

It didn’t take many looks and he sensed its power.

Otherwise, if it materialized, it would be another good fighter, not inferior to the Frost Dragon.

At that time, wouldn’t he become a great dragon tamer, with the Frost Dragon and the Tyrant Dragon, take off?!

Then, Shi Yu entered a meditation state again.

Then, like in the beginning, he tried to sense the year of the Tyrant Dragon fossil.

In the Beastmaster Space, Buggy also tried to sense the outside world through psychic power.

It was the same as before.

Furthermore, the target was very clear. It tried to sense the Tyrant Dragon fossil that Shi Yu was also sensing.

Instantly, their perceptions were in sync.

A hint of light appeared in Shi Yu’s dark eyes again.

However, things didn’t go as smoothly as before.

There was a feeling that it was indeed feasible, but it was still lacking something.

It was like listening to history. It depended on luck.

Grass just grew randomly on the street, but flowers, even if you took the energy to tend to them, might not necessarily grow.

“I hate it…”

Moments later, Shi Yu and Worm gave up struggling.

Because the accident succeeded just now, there was no reaction, but when they took the initiative to try, Buggy expended a lot of energy.

In order not to affect Buggy’s condition, Shi Yu quickly stopped.

“Sigh.” Shi Yu opened his eyes again and muttered to himself, “There’s definitely a problem.”

“The meditation technique developed by Emperor Shi is not that simple. It’s not just used to detect years.”

“There might be other uses when combined with the abilities of pets, and they mainly rely on the strength of pets.”

“I made another big discovery.”

…

After class, Shi Yu returned to the dormitory.

He sighed, feeling like he was surrounded by pits.

Besides, they were all pits that he couldn’t explore in his current state.

Without the strength, he didn’t dare to go use the crystal left behind by Emperor Shi.

The mystery of the bloodline of the Ice Dragon General and the Great Empress couldn’t be exposed to the Phoenix Race.

Now, he had discovered the specialness of the meditation technique left behind by the Time Emperor, and it was restricted because of Buggy’s state, making it impossible to explore deeper.

“Just kill me.” Shi Yu lay on the bed.

Then, he turned around and searched for information through the channels of Bureau 11.

In the end, he shook his head.

“I don’t want to do my homework anymore. I want to cheat.”

Shi Yu chose to ask the big shot directly!

He was still a student, so it was embarrassing to ask a teacher.

Like the crystal, he didn’t believe that no one knew what was going on.

There were so many capable people in Bureau 11. Maybe some big shot knew what was going on.

A moment later, Li Lianping from the Eleventh Bureau picked up Shi Yu’s call.

This was the most authoritative archaeologist and researcher in the fossil field in the entire Dong Huang Continent.

“Shiyu?”

“Did something happen to that ginseng baby?”

Shi Yu said, “No, Senior Li, I want to ask you some questions about the fossil domain.”

“Oh? Are you starting to be interested in the fossil domain?”

Senior Li chuckled. Archaeology was also divided into different branches.

There were archaeologists who were focused on investigating myths, archaeologists who liked to investigate totems, archaeologists who studied ancient dynasties, and archaeologists who studied extinct biological fossils. When he heard that Shi Yu was interested in fossils, Senior Li laughed.

She suddenly felt that there was a successor…

“Ask away.”

“Senior Li, is it possible for a fossil to still be alive? Could there be remnants of its dream? Is there any special use for the special meditation technique left behind by the Time Emperor?”

A moment later, Li Lianping’s laughter came from the other side. “It’s impossible for fossils to live. Of course, it’s not impossible to eliminate the possibility that one day, it will revive and evolve into an undead or an elemental life form.”

“On that day, perhaps the entire fossil research field, even the entire archaeology world and the Beastmaster world, will be in an uproar.”

“Although it can’t compare to the birth of a mechanical life, it’s still a super big discovery.”

“Your other question is right… A fossil does have a chance of surviving as a dream. Did you pry into the dream of a fossil and accidentally dream back to ancient times?” Senior Li asked with a smile.

“Alright.” Upon hearing his tone, Shi Yu understood that she understood.

“It’s more troublesome to explain in detail. This is actually a manifestation of the traces of time. Another form of Spirit that will only appear on the remains of powerful ancient creatures.”

“What’s known at the moment is the specific method to peek at the fossil dream realm. It’s a meditation technique developed by the Time Emperor. In addition to the support of the pets who have mastered the transcendent Dream skill, the Beast Tamer and the pet’s perception have to be combined. Only then will there be a chance to peek at the ancient fossil dream realm.”

“And the probability of this is even lower than hearing and seeing the shadow of history. Although I’ve cultivated a dream stealing Beast, I’m usually too lazy to use this ability. On the other hand, some dream masters abroad are very proficient in this. After all, there are very few people in their country. You can’t find many beast tamers with the listening talent. You can only rely on other methods to do archaeology.”

“Dream Stealing Skill?” Shi Yu asked.

Skill: Thieving Dream

[Level]: Advanced

Introduction: A spirit-type skill. It can enter the dreams of other life forms and pry into their secrets. It can also replicate their dream illusions and create its own dream world.

“That’s right. Speaking of which, you actually have a pet that knows the Dream Steal skill? And its level is so high?” Senior Li suddenly discovered the issue.

There were less than three people in the entire Dong Huang Continent who had mastered the Godly Thief Dream skill… This skill was too difficult to master.

“No…”

Shi Yu was stunned. There was really a way to enter the fossil dream world, but the problem was that Buggy didn’t know this skill!

“No?” Senior Li was confused.

“It’s my Green Silkworm. It helps me enter that state, but it’s in the form of a cocoon now. Besides, it doesn’t have any dream stealing skills. Wait, I used the Illusion Fruit in the evolutionary materials I gave it!”

“The Illusion Tree has mastered the Dream Steal skill. Is this a sign that the Green Silkworm will also awaken the Dream Steal skill…?”

Shi Yu suddenly thought of something.

Name: Dream Tree

Introduction: The Illusion Tree is the king of the Illusionary Dream Domain. It can pull prey into the Dream World. In the Dream World, it can create illusions identical to the hypnotized person, allowing them to fight the hypnotized person.

Senior Li was silent. That was indeed a possibility. However, why didn’t his Green worm not master the Dream Stealing skill, and it could do something that even a pet that mastered it would find difficult to do?

Unscientific.

Also, you just said that your worm is a cocoon. Shouldn’t it be sleeping? Why can it help you enter a dream?

Sleepwalking?

There were too many points to complain about. For a moment, Senior Li didn’t know where to start.

At this moment, before Senior Li could say a word, Shi Yu was already high.

Awesome, Buggy.

If he awakened the dream stealing skill, that would be awesome.

Wasn’t this the reason why he used the Illusion Fruit back then?

Insects used virtual illusions to summon powerful pets. The hardest part was that they didn’t know enough about this creature and didn’t have enough compatibility, which led to the pitiful combat power of the summoned phantom.

Even with the dragon whisker, it was impossible to almost perfectly replicate the ice dragon.

However, the Dream Steal skill could allow a pet to enter the dreams of other life forms and pry into the secrets of their skills, almost perfectly replicating their abilities.

Because the Illusion Tree had mastered this skill, it could pull its prey into the Dream World and summon the other party’s Illusion Replica to let the other party attack it.

This was already very impressive, but if Buggy mastered it, it could be even more powerful. This was because the Illusion Tree could only control the enemy’s dream mirage in the dream realm, but Buggy could summon it to reality through the phantom illusion skill!

Dream Steal+Illusion. This was an invincible combination skill.

In other words, as long as the level of these two skills were high enough in the future, it could even let the Tyrant Dragon almost perfectly reappear in the world?

It was even to the extent that if a divine beast was willing to let Buggy enter his dream, Buggy could let even divine beasts appear!

Impressive.

As expected of the Worm of Daydreaming.

“After evolution, you must help me awaken the Dream Stealing Skill. Only then will I live up to my reputation as the Illusion Fruit.” He thought to Buggy.

As for why Buggy could bring him into a dream without awakening the Dream Stealing skill, Shi Yu was silent for a moment and felt that it might have something to do with the maxed skill Psychic.

Psychic power was a basic skill of the mental class. The development direction was endless, and it was the cornerstone of most mental skills. It was still unknown how a max-level Psychic could affect other skills.

“Of course, the greatest possibility is that my talent is outstanding?”

Shi Yu nodded. That was indeed a possibility. After all, he had even mastered the talent for listening. It was not impossible for him to perfectly match the meditation technique developed by Emperor Shi…

“Your Green Silkworm. Seems like its talent is not simple.”

In the end, Senior Li gave up on asking. She found it troublesome. Shi Yu, the Green worm… They were strange from the start. However, it was a Green Sponge Worm that had obtained the Dream Clam inheritance after all. It was normal for it to be unscientific.

“By the way, did you just say that your Green worm is still in a cocoon state?”

“Can you confirm when the evolutionary period is?”

Senior Li suddenly said.

“It should be done in a month,” said Shi Yu.

“In a month…” Senior Li’s tone was a little uncertain.” I wonder if I can make it in time. ”

“Is there something?” Shi Yu asked.

Senior Li said, “I received news two days ago that one of Dong Huang’s guardians, the Butterfly God, who lives in slumber in the Immortal’s Capital, has woken up.”

The Dong Huang Guardian… In other words, a totem-level creature!

Shi Yu quietened down. Butterfly God?

Meaning, butterfly-type creatures?

“Do you know about the Butterfly Meeting?” asked Senior Li.

Shi Yu said, “I’ve never heard of it…”

“Hmm… This is an evolutionary conference organized by the Butterfly God.”

“The Butterfly God is a guardian-level butterfly-type pet. Its species is a high-level overlord. But at the start, it was just an ordinary Green Silkworm. It was very ordinary, like the Green silkworms that can be seen everywhere on the street. It was far from talented like your insect.”

Shi Yu :”…”

You have overestimated Buggy. It was inferior to those ordinary green sponges at the start.

“And this Butterfly God’s true identity is a pet that Senior Lin casually raised. It hasn’t been contracted.”

“Senior Lin…?” Shi Yu pondered for a moment. To be addressed as Senior by the big boss of Bureau 11…

“Is it Senior Lin Feng, one of the legendary Beast Tamers of the Dong Huang Continent?” Shi Yu asked.

Li Lianping said, “Yeah.”

“Senior Lin Feng has an evolutionary talent. Apart from the nine pets he contracted, he also likes to raise some other pets. Although he didn’t make a contract, these pets that have undergone multiple evolution after his guidance are all willing to serve him as their master.”

“The Butterfly God was a pet raised by Senior Lin. When Senior Lin and his nine pets went missing, these pets he raised searched for them for a while but to no avail. Then, they fell asleep in the Dong Huang continent and became our guardian gods.”

“Among them, because of her special experience, this Butterfly God will use her special Ascension talent to support some Green Silkworms in the forest that were sleeping to complete evolution. After evolution, the Green Silkworms that could go through evolution turned out to have very strong racial potential and strong vitality.”

“Later, after evolution, it became the famous’ Butterfly Meeting ‘. With the approval of the Butterfly Goddess, even some Green Silkworms of the Beast Tamers can receive its evolution blessing like the wild Green Silkworms in the forest.”

“Therefore, every time the Butterfly God awakens, it’s a celebration for the Beast Tamers who raised the Green Silkworm. This means that they can receive the Blessing of the Butterfly God for free, the Blessing of a totem-level creature who has mastered the talent of Ascension.”

“You’re pretty lucky. The last time the butterfly god woke up seemed to be ten years ago…”

“I was also there. Tens of thousands of Green Sponge Bugs turned into butterflies together. That scene was simply beautiful. Haha.”

“And it’s said that the most perfect evolutionary body can also receive additional gifts from the butterfly god.”

Shi Yu said, “In other words, I can also bring my Green Silkworm to participate in this’ Butterfly Meeting ‘??”

Li Lianping said, “Yeah, but the butterfly god has just woken up. The exact time is still uncertain. I wonder if you can make it.”

“If your Green Sponge Insects complete their evolution in advance, you’ll miss this opportunity.”

“You can pay attention to the date of the butterfly transformation event. If you can’t make it in time, you can find some methods to temporarily slow its growth.”

Shi Yu fell into deep thought. If he wanted to catch this meeting, he would definitely be able to. This was because his bug’s consciousness was very clear at this moment. It could completely control its evolution. Even if it evolved now, it wasn’t impossible for Buggy to continue. It could easily break out of the cocoon. However, the evolutionary power had yet to be completely absorbed, so it wasn’t worth it to evolve in advance.

At this moment, Shi Yu was considering whether he should bring Buggy to participate in the butterfly transformation event held by this guardian creature…

“Buggy already had a chance of advancing to an overlord race. Wouldn’t it be more stable if we participated in this?” Shi Yu made a decision. If he participated, he might even take the opportunity to replicate some rare skills.

He firmly believed that his Buggy was definitely the strongest evolutionary body.

Speaking of which, this evolutionary talent big shot was so awesome. Not only did he nurture a bunch of quasi-divine beasts, but he also left behind guardian deities for Dong Huang. Buggy he casually raised had even become the nation’s guardian deities. Nice, he was simply full of positivity.

He was a role model and worth learning from!