Chapter 185 - Beast Tamer Eleven Comes Up

Chapter 185: Beast Tamer Eleven Comes Up

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Iron-eating Beast Research Institute.

This research institute that was opened to study the evolution of iron-eating beasts was actually half abandoned at the moment.

The evolution of the Iron-eating Beast had been announced. Although there were still a few other research projects, Senior Panda had brought most of the research materials back to Ping Cheng for research.

Currently, there were only three young Iron-eating Beasts left as mascots. They were the witness of the friendship between Senior Panda and the university!

The age of the three little iron-eating beasts was about the same as when Shi Yu had carried Eleven away. They were just one year old.

They were all petite and cute.

Currently, the seven archaeological heroes were taking turns to take care of them.

When Shi Yu arrived, no one was there. There was only a Moon Silver Wolf looking at the research institute. It was Zheng Yingjie’s pet.

“Roar!!!” When the Moon Silver Wolf realized that it was the person in charge of the research institute, Shi Yu, it turned a blind eye and continued sleeping.

Shi Yu ignored it and headed straight for the backyard amusement park of the three little iron-eating beasts.

“Zzzz ~”

As expected, the three little iron-eating beasts that had just finished lunch were piled together, sleeping in their nests.

“Hmm.” Eleven stuck her head out of Shiyu’s pocket.

What a lazy atmosphere!

“This is a normal iron-eating beast.”

“You guys aren’t supposed to train all day.” Shi Yu felt that it was very normal.

Eleven in Shiyu pocket:???

So I’m abnormal!

“It’s not that you’re abnormal, but it’s only right to strike a balance between work and rest.” Shi Yu coughed dryly. If not for the fact that he had the ginseng baby and Absolute Sleep and Minimization skills, Eleven would have long been crippled for training so desperately.

“Hmm??” Eleven was furious. It had worked so hard just to make Shi Yu the strongest Beast Tamer. Only then would it live up to its reputation of being acknowledged and nurtured by Shi Yu.

“Hmm!” Eleven firmly believed that no matter what, its determination would not change!

It trained hard and worked hard to have the strength to help Shi Yu deal with various situations. It would help Shi Yu become the most powerful Beast Tamer and make Shi Yu not regret choosing him!

Perhaps it was because Shi Yu and the others had arrived, but the three young Iron Beasts opened their eyes in a daze.

“Wu…”” Wu…” “Wu…”

They let out cries one after another and looked at Shi Yu and Eleven with watery eyes.

Shi Yu and Eleven had lived here for a long time, so they were naturally familiar with the three Iron-eating Beast cubs. Although they weren’t as familiar as the Panda Senior, they had fed them a few times.

Upon seeing them, Shi Yu smiled, as if he had seen the Eleven when he was young.

“Do you want to become stronger?”

When Shi Yu arrived, he immediately spoke with telepathy like a charlatan.

“Hmm! (Want to become stronger!)”

Eleven jumped down and looked at her three brothers and sisters.

On the way, Shi Yu had already told Eleven about the hardening support training method and the purpose of his visit.

“Huh?” “Huh?” “Huh?”

The three Iron-eating Beast cubs had confused expressions. Become stronger? What was that?

Now, there were people feeding them every day, eating, drinking, sleeping, playing when they woke up. What was the point of getting stronger? They loved their current life.

Eleven: ╥_╥

“Roar! Roar! Roar!” Eleven looked at Shi Yu. Was this appropriate?

It was because of this that the Iron-eating Beast Clan was looked down upon!

Remove their benefits! Iron-eating beasts had to be reared!

Three cubs of the small iron-eating beast: (っ`- ́c)マ

Bad Bear! Leave!

Shi Yu :”…”

“Calm down… I don’t think one generation can change that.” Shi Yu smiled.

“Alright, quickly bless them.”

“Roar!” Eleven looked at the three little iron-eating beasts resentfully and jumped down from Shi Yu’s shoulder. Its body slowly became larger, and then it walked over and grabbed a baby iron-eating beast with one hand, with another in its mouth.

A moment later, Eleven began to impart skills to them with Hardening. The Level 11 Hardening quickly flowed through the three little iron beasts and circulated once.

At this moment, the three little iron-eating beasts were still in a daze. They felt a slow flow through their bodies.

But a few minutes later, after Eleven used the hardening substance to temper their bodies a few times, the Iron-eating Beast cubs could clearly sense a qualitative increase in their physiques!

There was even a small iron-eating beast that suddenly emitted the Light of Awakening. It leveled up and reached Level 4!

Without thinking, it was obvious that it was the improvement of hardening proficiency that led to growth.

“As expected of the Maximum Level Hardening. It’s much better than the Perfect Level Hardening described by Senior.” Shi Yu was stunned.

At the same time.

The three little iron-eating beasts, who originally didn’t care much about becoming stronger, cried out in surprise when they discovered that their strength had increased so easily.

“Wu wu wu!!!” What was this?

Eleven looked calm. “Oh! (It’s called adding points.)”

The little iron-eating beast didn’t understand what it meant, but after a moment of silence, it uniformly roared, “Roar! (Big boss, add more!)”

Eleven:???

Eleven was about to lecture them and realized that this was her catchphrase. It went silent.

In the end, it all came back to adding points.

Beside him, Shi Yu smiled and said, “Have fun. I’ll call Senior and get you a card on the way. I’ll be back later.”

“Roar!!” A moment later, Eleven told Shiyu to rest assured. If it wanted to correct the thoughts of these three children. Why didn’t they at least have the awareness of a bug!

With that said, it began to emit the Panda King’s deterrence.

One of the effects of deterrence could make his clansmen worship, revere, and follow it.

Shi Yu was about to leave when he was made speechless by Eleven’s deterrence and almost fell!

Good lord!

It was just for you to use them as an experiment. Why was it thinking of teaching them the “hard training” mental mentality?

…

“The effect was right.”

“It’s indeed possible.”

“Is that so? Haha.”

“Mm, let me know when you get back.”

As Shi Yu walked towards the battle club, he called Lin Xiuzhu.

After knowing that Shiyu had also succeeded, Lin Xiuzhu was very happy.

Her father had developed the Thunder Palm and Cannon Fist manuals. Shi Yu had found the iron-eating beast’s evolution method, and she had finally made some contributions to reviving the iron-eating beast’s glory.

Lin Xiuzhu had been researching iron-eating beasts for the past four years.

Ping City.

“Shiyu succeeded too?” Lin Hongnian asked his daughter.

“Yes.” Lin Xiuzhu smiled and nodded.

“He also asked me to go to the ancient capital and planned to use this method to let Eleven help my iron-eating beast increase its hardness.”

“Dad, I think the day when Little He Hua masters Perfect Level Hardening won’t be far away. Remember to prepare the evolution materials. Our family should at least have a high-level sovereign race.”

In this world, an overlord species pet was a potential strategic weapon. No country had a stable breeding channel for overlord species pets. Today, an advanced king species was super powerful for a Beast Tamer.

“What? He wants you to go to the ancient capital? How about I go with you?” Uncle Lin Hongnian was shocked.

Eleven’s Hardening level was definitely high, at least higher than his Nine Li Battle Beast. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have been able to use that super electromagnetic cannon and leave no marks on the armor.

“I also want to let Eleven help my battle beast…”

Lin Xiuzhu shook her head and said, “No, according to the data, the hardening substance of the Nine Li War Beast only has an enhancement effect on the hardening substance of the Iron-eating Beasts, and it doesn’t react to the form after evolution… Of course, if you don’t believe me, you can try it, but please believe my data!”

…

What a sin!

Lin Hongnian regretted being the first person to try evolution. Firstly, he didn’t use enough materials during the evolution. Secondly, he missed the opportunity to get carried to increase the hardness!

…

At the Gu Du University battle club.

Before Shi Yu came, he had asked the Beast-eared Lady about the student card.

Apart from the school, the combat club was also qualified to apply for some training cards. Shi Yu’s goal this time was to get two for Eleven and the others.

Anyway, all expenses would be reimbursed to the battle club. It would be a waste not to.

“I heard that you brought back a sword spirit that can possess you in the Martyr’s Ruins?”

When Shi Yu arrived, White Brook handed him the two training cards that Shi Yu wanted and said with a very interested expression.

Due to the confidentiality contract, she had only heard that Shi Yu had contracted a sword spirit. As for the source, she wasn’t too sure.

“That’s right, thank you.” Shi Yu took the training card and smiled.

“How’s your combat strength after possession? Do you want to fight me?”

“Possession VS fusion.” White Brook licked her lips, tempted.

Shi Yu was indeed a junior that she thought highly of. His battle style was getting more and more liked by her.

A real man should fight himself. What was the point of hiding behind a pet?

“This…” Shi Yu smiled bitterly and said,” Forget it, it’s only Level 2. ”

Although the little sword spirit was very strong, the difference in levels was too great. White Brook was a fierce woman who could smash a sovereign-level pet after fusing with it in the National Competition. Shiyu still didn’t want to be pressed down and ravaged by her.

“Hurry up and nurture it. Give it more resources and the school will reimburse you,” White Brook said.

“Alright.” Although Shi Yu said that, he chose to ignore it in his heart.

“Because the heroic spirits were very strong when they were alive, their growth speed is still very fast as long as the resources are in place.”

“Mm. If your sword spirit can reach the commander level during the holidays, you can also contract it. Apart from taking you to the capital to take a look, I can also take you to participate in another competition.” White Brook sat down, leaned back in her chair, and stretched.

“What match?” Shi Yu asked casually.

“Specifically, an unorthodox match for us Beast Tamers who are going to fight. Martial Arts Conference. During the Wu Emperor era, it was quite popular.” White Brook smiled and said, “However, the rewards are very ordinary. They are all some body tempering methods. There are sword skills, martial skills, and some strong nutritional supplements passed down from ancient times. You shouldn’t be interested.”

Shi Yu’s hand trembled as he said casually, “Yeah, let’s talk about it again. Let’s prepare for the Imperial Capital University exchange event that you mentioned first.”

“All the best, work hard.” The beast-eared girl cheered for Shiyu. Charge, towards the future of the battle club!

…

In just a day, after Shi Yu obtained something from the three rich girls, he returned to the Iron-eating Beast Research Institute, both physically and mentally exhausted.

This time, when Yu returned, he silently discovered that less than an hour had passed, and the three Iron-eating Beast cubs were already training in the backyard with hard work. Eleven was even encouraging them!!

Eleven suddenly realized that bringing the little guys who had gone astray back to the right path was even more satisfying and fulfilling than training him to become stronger.

Shi Yu: “?”

“Eleven, don’t force them. They’re still children.”

“Chirp!” “Chirp!” “Chirp!” Before Eleven could say anything, the three Iron-eating Beast cubs who were training for sprinting shouted solemnly.

It wasn’t the leader’s fault. It was their sudden realization.

Youths needed to shed blood and not stagnate. This was the meaning of life!

Shi Yu: “?”

You’re only a damn one year old. What youth? Be good and drink milk!

Eleven: (.◕ˇ∀ˇ◕)”Where’s the student card, I want to show them around!”