Chapter 183 - Space-Time Key

Chapter 183: Space-time Key

With the crystal in hand, Shi Yu asked for a long time what the ruins were.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

But the ruins didn’t want to talk to him.

Shi Yu was speechless.

One start review!

“Sigh.”

So be it.

After a day, Shi Yu was also tired.

“Ha ~” After yawning, he put the crystal in his pocket and went back to sleep.

…

…

Outside the heroic spirit ruins, there were still a few soldiers on night duty.

The commotion that the crystal made just now was not big. They didn’t even know what happened inside.

Seeing Shi Yu come out so late today, they couldn’t help but ask.

“As usual.”

Shi Yu chuckled and brushed it off.

Even if there were gains, he couldn’t say it casually.

He saw Emperor Shi, and Emperor Shi also saw him. Then, for the first time, something other than a soul seed was shook out of the heroic spirit ruins. This was a big deal!

Even if he wanted to share it, he had to share it with the right person… It was impossible for these soldiers to know about the crystal.

As Shi Yu walked, he took out his cell phone and took a photo of the crystal.

Shi Yu: “Senior, help me see what this is.”

He used the chat software and took a photo for Lu Qingyi.

Lu Qingyi: “?”

Lu Qingyi: “…Why aren’t you asleep yet?”

Somewhere, Lu Qingyi glanced at the time and typed out “…”.

Shi Yu: “You’re not sleeping either…”

A proper Beast Tamer would sleep before three in the morning.

Lu Qingyi: “Crystal? Use the index to take a look.”

Shi Yu: “I’m definitely asking you because I can’t detect it.”

Lu Qingyi: “Even the index can’t detect what it is… You’re asking me…? Where did you pick it up…”

Shi Yu: “It’s nothing. The listening talent accidentally overheard the conversation between Emperor Shi and Mu Huiyin. Then, I chatted more with the ruins, so it shook this out for me.”

Lu Qingyi: [Surprisedcat.jpg]

A minute later…

Shi Yu: “Where are you??”

Lu Qingyi: “On the way… Wait for me. I’ll be there in 20 minutes. Wait until I’m there.”

Shi Yu: “?”

Shi Yu glanced at the moon and looked at the time. Waiting for you??

What time was it? He still wanted to sleep even if she didn’t sleep.

“I miscalculated…”

Shi Yu was confused when he put down the cell phone.

He should have sent Senior Lu a photo after waking up tomorrow.

…

In less than 20 minutes, Lu Qingyi really came here.

In order to cooperate with Shi Yu’s research, Director Li and the others found a single dormitory for Shi Yu.

Lu Qingyi arrived in a hurry and didn’t disturb the others.

“Where’s the crystal?”

The moment Senior Lu arrived, she grabbed Shi Yu’s shoulders and shook him.

She sounded nervous and excited.

“Cough, don’t be excited. It’s over there.” Shi Yu pointed at the table.

Lu Qingyi:!!!

She showed a pained expression. This was such an important thing, was it just like a cup?

“What you said just now, was it true?”

“How could I lie about this?”

Lu Qingyi took a deep breath and looked at Shi Yu with a complicated expression.

Freak!

His listening talent was activated too often.

“Blue, rhombus, crystal. I think I know what this is.” She sighed.

Along the way, she recalled Shi Yu’s words and finally realized something..

“You know??” Shi Yu was shocked.

She should have said so earlier.

Shi Yu was immediately not sleepy.

“I’ve only heard of word descriptions, but because no concrete substance has been passed down, it’s very normal that the index can’t detect it.” Lu Qingyi looked at the hexagon crystal.

“This is the ‘key’.”

“Key??” Shi Yu was at a loss. He picked up the crystal. What could this thing open?

“The key to space and time!” Lu Qingyi added.

“You should have heard of it, right? Although the earliest origin of archeology might not be Emperor Shi, he was the first person to systematically organize this subject.”

“Therefore, Emperor Shi is also known as the ancestor of archeology.”

Shi Yu was stunned. That was indeed the case…

“The entire Blue Planet has a history of billions of years, and the Beast Taming Era is only more than 2000 years. Before that, the historical gaps were even more serious. There were many Mythical ruins and totem ruins. Emperor Shi was the first person in the records to classify the ruins and organize personnel to establish an organization to explore many ruins systems.”

“However, some ruins are difficult to crack even for Emperor Shi.”

“According to the records, in order to open some ruins, he used the spatial power of time to tailor-make a ‘Space-time Key’ to forcefully open the door of the ruins.”

“It’s said that this kind of ‘Space-time Key’ consumes a lot of the power of the Time Emperor. The Time Emperor didn’t create many of them in his life, so he only left behind some simple words and records, but there was no real item for us to look at.”

“Well… Only those ‘Mythical Ruins’ can block Emperor Shi outside and require him to spend a lot of effort to create the key.” Lu Qingyi looked at Shi Yu.

“This!!”

Shi Yu almost lost his grip on the crystal.

“It means that this crystal is a key that can 100% open a certain mythical ruin?”

Shi Yu immediately felt that this thing was a Pandora’s box. He felt cold all over and immediately put it back on the table.

“Well…” Lu Qingyi had a serious expression.” It must be. The ruins space we’re in contact with now are all left behind by legendary Beast Tamers. However, apart from this type of ruins space, there’s also that kind of naturally formed alternate spaces or special spaces created by Mythical creatures themselves. It might be their habitat or their treasure vault, but no matter what, it’s not something outsiders can easily enter, even for legendary Beast Tamers. ”

“And the ‘Space-time Key’ created by the Time Emperor, who is proficient in controlling spatial power, seems to be a tool that can forcefully open the corresponding space.”

“You’re too lucky.” Lu Qingyi looked excited.

“What’s so lucky about that…”

Shi Yu smiled bitterly and said, “Perhaps Emperor Shi destroyed the Dong Huang Dynasty because he explored these Mythical Ruins.”

Shi Yu thought about it carefully. When he chatted with the ruins, the most they talked about seemed to be where Emperor Shi went in the end.

Damn it, the more Shi Yu thought about it, the more he felt that the Mythical Ruins corresponding to this ruin crystal were the culprits behind the death of Emperor Shi, as well as the great calamity of the Dong Huang Dynasty.

Although he wanted to know what kind of ruins it was, his rationality stopped Shi Yu.

He shouldn’t court death. If he guessed correctly, there was a ferocious divine beast that could instantly kill Shi Di living inside. If he woke it up, he wouldn’t be the only one who would die. Perhaps the entire country would be buried with him. They would enter the next totem war.

“Tell me in detail.” Lu Qingyi asked Shi Yu.

“This…” Shi Yu told Lu Qingyi about the conversation between Emperor Shi and Mu Huiyin, as well as his guesses.

A moment later, Lu Qingyi’s expression also became serious. She felt that this ruin crystal was not something good.

She was very similar to Shi Yu. Beast Tamers with the gift of listening preferred to court death, but this Space-time Key clearly led to disaster…

“Actually, we can guess in a good direction…” Lu Qingyi said after a moment of silence.

“Stop.” Shi Yu persuaded his senior and said, “Even if it’s a 99% chance that Emperor Shi had conquered this Mythical Ruins and left us a bunch of treasures inside, we should still hold on to the worst 1%… After all, we can’t afford to bet.”

Lu Qingyi smiled. “That’s true. Moreover, we don’t even know which ruins correspond to this space-time key.”

“There are only a few Mythical ruins in the country, but there are still many Mythical ruins in the totem area…”

Shi Yu nodded and said,

“Senior, please keep this a secret.”

“As for the crystal, leave it with me for the time being.”

“Uh.” Lu Qingyi was stunned.

Shi Yu touched his nose. He was a little selfish. He was afraid that after handing it over, the big shots of Bureau 11 would not be able to help but team up to explore. They wouldn’t bring him along for sure, but they were also afraid that this Mythical Ruins would really bring about some disaster. Of course, with such a thing, it would be a lie if Shi Yu said he wasn’t curious.

If possible, he hoped to explore with everyone after he became stronger.

Legendary Beast Tamers only had totem-level pets.

And he already knew the standard to advance to the totem level. A transcendent-level skill!

As long as he could teach super skills, theoretically speaking, he had hope of stepping into the legendary domain and standing on the same level as those super experts in history.

In fact, what if he maxed out his super skill points?

Divine-level skills represented origin, rules, and laws. They were abilities that only divine beasts could master.

As for the transcendent level, it was the level closest to a Mythical skill. If the transcendent skill point reached the “Dao Proficiency” level, could it compare to a divine skill, or rather, upgrade it into a divine skill and let the pet step into the Mythical level?

Shi Yu felt that he could look forward to it. Therefore, he wanted to wait until he developed to that point. At the very least, he had to be not inferior to Empress Shi before trying to open this demonic box.

“No problem,” Lu Qingyi said. “It was originally given to you by the heroic spirit ruins.”

“If it’s placed elsewhere, there might be unknown hidden dangers.”

“However, since you’ve already let me know about this…” Lu Qingyi stared at Shi Yu.

Shi Yu: “I understand.”

He had already dug a hole for Senior Lu. If he didn’t satisfy her curiosity, she would probably die of depression.

Digging a hole without filling it was a bad habit.

…

The next morning, Lu Qingyi left.

Shi Yu was glad that he had asked her. She immediately satisfied his curiosity.

Otherwise, not knowing the use of the ruins crystal would probably be more uncomfortable than being prevented from exploring the Mythical Ruins.

When Shi Yu woke up the next morning, he took a deep breath.

Although he didn’t sleep for long last night, it seemed like he could return to school to sleep next. Today’s military training would be over. This military training was ridiculous, to be honest. First, he summoned a general, then he was glared at by Emperor Shi, and then he obtained the key to a Mythical Ruins. His experience was too exciting.

Who else had that!

In the next half of the morning, it was the farewell meeting between the instructors and the students. There were also talks. Shi Yu didn’t pay much attention to it because apart from Master Feng, he didn’t seem to know any instructors.

And the thing that Shi Yu had the deepest impression of Master Feng was that he had provided Little Chi Tong’s food for the past few days…

When the students were packing, Shi Yu, who had spatial equipment, was already waiting to leave.

“You’re welcome to come and play next time. Eat your fill.” Outside, Instructor Feng went to Shi Yu’s side. Damn it, the future guardian level pet of Dong Huang had eaten his food when it was a baby. If word of this got out, it would be so amazing.

“Ah, alright, no problem,” Shi Yu said with an embarrassed smile. He still had to bring Little Chi Tong here to farm experience later. He would definitely come to visit more.

“Did Dr. Lu come over again last night?” The two top masters, Director Li and Dean He, were naturally with Instructor Feng the whole time. After all, the three of them were the in-charge of this military training.

“About three in the morning, she directly rode the Green Spirit Wind Bird over.” Dean He blinked. He looked at Shi Yu with a strange expression and said, “Could it be that something happened in the ruins yesterday?”

Instructor Feng also looked at Shi Yu.

Shi Yu fell into deep thought. Could they handle the truth?

“Why? Why are you asking?” Director Li coughed and said, “Don’t ask too much about Bureau 11. This is all confidential. Do you still want to sign more contracts?”

Instructor Feng and Dean He waved their hands in embarrassment. How could they?

The three of them stopped asking about Shi Yu.

Shi Yu smiled and said, “Forget it, I’ll wait in the car first.”

He went back the same way he got here. Shi Yu boarded the armored school bus.

A moment later, the other students who had packed their things also got into the car.

After a student came up, he passed by Shi Yu and fell silent. He glanced at Shi Yu in awe and walked back.

Another student came up. As he passed by, he took a deep breath and glanced at Shi Yu in admiration before walking back.

Xu Jingyin, Wang Ling, and Shi Yu’s classmates had complicated views on Shi Yu after this.

In this military training, Shi Yu was the greatest winner. He actually contracted the heroic spirit of the Ice Dragon General.

A high-level overlord race!

The most uncomfortable thing was that because of the contract, they couldn’t discuss it yet. They could only worship Shi Yu with their eyes.

If nothing unexpected happened, these more than 600 new students, the new students from the archeology and Battle Department, would become a cool group in Ancient Capital University in the future.

In the future, when they encountered other students’ evaluations in Ancient Capital University, they could stand on a high ground and say disdainfully…

“You don’t understand Shi Yu at all. He’s not that simple, but I can’t give you the specifics. I can only say that I know what I know, but I can’t say much about what I don’t understand either. Don’t ask me what’s going on. The confidentiality involved is too great. Saying it won’t benefit either of us. Just pretend you don’t know. As for the rest, I can only say that the waters here are very deep…”

When Shi Yu thought of this scene, he couldn’t help but smile in the car.

It was difficult for these people to cooperate with him and keep it a secret…

“Well…” When Shi Yu smiled, Wang Ling, the class monitor, was still sitting beside Shi Yu, looking at him. This time, he said carefully,” Are you still selling that sachet of yours? ”

He thought for a moment. Perhaps Shi Yu really didn’t lie to him. This sachet was really something. In any case, Shi Yu’s was definitely something good…

“Uh.” Shi Yu glanced at him and said, “It’s too late… There’s no more stock.”

Wang Ling: “?”

Shi Yu was helpless. He had contracted another energy-consuming big shot.. How could he have any extra sachet to sell to him? He didn’t have enough to absorb!