Chapter 189 - Beast Tamer From A Foreign Country

Chapter 189: Beast Tamer from a Foreign Country

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

With Grandma Li’s reminder, Shi Yu paid attention to the butterfly god.

The species of the butterfly god was “Divine Feather Phoenix Butterfly”, a dual-elemental wind and bug type.

It was said that its body was a hundred meters tall. Its wings could envelop the sky, and were covered in feather-like scales. With a light wave, it could stir up a violent wind and destroy a city.

Its feather-like scales were very special, a very rare resource. After floating down, it could melt into light, helping bug-type lifeforms to be reborn and increase their life level. They could even help turn the worms into butterflies.

Shi Yu took out a small notebook and memorized it.

He was determined to befriend this beast.

Baby Ginseng, don’t study the gem cat’s food for the time being. There’s no hurry. Let’s study what the Divine Feather Phoenix Butterfly likes first!

“Achoo…” Somewhere, as it looked after Baby Ginseng’s experimental class, the gem cat, as well as the Gem Cats everywhere in the Ancient Capital University, it frowned. Its powerful sixth sense made it feel like someone was scheming against it…

Which bastard…

…

Since the first fossil lesson, Shi Yu completely welcomed university life.

He began to accept new knowledge bit by bit. Because he was more interested, he didn’t have to worry about failing.

For example, although a special meditation technique that was necessary for archeology was difficult to practice, because Shi Yu knew its special use, he knew that in the future, it could even be brought back to reality using Buggy’s powers. How could he not practice it well?

After all, interest was the best teacher.

Just like how Eleven was interested in training and didn’t need Shi Yu to supervise it at all, working hard by itself.

At present, although Eleven was working in the gravity room and charging room, the benefits were indeed there.

In just two to three days, its electromagnetic levitation, accumulated lightning, and proficiency levels had reached Proficiency level and above.

There was no need to add points. It trained by itself.

Of course, Eleven’s hard work was one aspect. The reason why the proficiency of the new skill could increase so quickly was because of the proficiency of the old skill.

It had mastered the Transcendent Thunder Palm and had added a new lightning attribute. It was already familiar with lightning control. Compared to the ignorance it had when learning the Thunder Palm from scratch, learning a new lightning attribute skill now had twice the effect with half the effort.

This actually saved Shiyu a lot of effort, allowing him to do his own things first.

Three to four days later, Shi Yu was completely immersed in his ordinary and calm university life.

He was learning very quietly.

Eleven was also training very quietly.

After training in a restrained state every day, it was Eleven’s pleasure to come back and enter a sharp state of Inner Power to see how much stronger he was.

Another characteristic of the Inner Power skill. In the restrained state, because pets could withstand greater external training pressure, the efficiency of training was better than under the restrained Inner Power state, and the training effect could be perfectly inherited after turning into the sharp state.

As for Baby Ginseng, there was naturally no need to talk about it. It seriously studied various classes and enriched its knowledge.

The evolutionary skill, mutation… Shi Yu had already locked onto what the target was and could replicate it at any time. However, before he collected the evolutionary materials, Shi Yu was in no hurry to replicate and teach. It was mainly because he had no time to leave school.

The Sleeping God Buggy and Baby Chi Tong could be ignored. What Shi Yu looked forward to the most every day was the so-called Butterfly Meeting.

Initially, Shi Yu thought that he would be able to wait calmly, but on a Saturday morning, he chatted with the battle club and exploded.

Teacher He: “If you have time now, come to the club’s main training hall. Someone will come to challenge the club later… No, it’s a visit exchange! You understand.”

Members: “?!”

Who was so bold to come to the university to challenge them?

President White Brook: “I’ll leave it to you. I’m not in school. I can’t rush back today.”

Vice President Xu Ze: “Which school or club?”

The former was easy to deal with, while the club’s Beast Tamer was a Beast Tamer nurtured and signed by some financial groups. They were often active in various public competitions. Generally speaking, their level was lower than the nine top schools.

Teacher He: “Neither. He’s an overseas Beast Tamer. His father is a legendary Beast Tamer. He’s from the Ancient Capital and was once a member of the national team. During the World Tournament, he fell in love with a foreign Beast Tamer and settled overseas after the competition.”

[I’ve returned to Dong Huang to take a look and have also brought my child back. @ White Brook, there shouldn’t be a big problem. It’s said that the other party isn’t a master yet.]

Members: [Duck shocked.jpg]

A mixed-blood baby?

[I’m going now! How dare they challenge us if it’s not a master?]

Not long after, they replied to the members of the battle club. Even the reserve members like Yu Shu and Wang Ling also appeared to join in the fun.

A foreigner!

At present, even crossing countries as a Legendary Beast Tamer was difficult and required a huge price. There was almost no communication between domestically and abroad. Perhaps the higher-ups knew a lot about the situation abroad, but to ordinary people, and even low-level Beast Tamers, there were very few channels to come into contact with matters abroad.

It was only limited to extremely different movies and novels, but this kind of fictional work… even adults knew it. Just look at it. Only a fool would believe it.

“Oh…” Shi Yu rubbed his eyes. An overseas Beast Tamer.

“Stop sleeping. Get up.” Shi Yu patted the bed under him.

“Huh??” The panda bed opened its eyes in confusion. Ah, the sun was up. It was time to train.

“We’re not training today. Let’s go to the battle club to see what’s going on.”

Shi Yu didn’t have much of an impression of this world’s foreign countries. He only remembered one characteristic: special pets from abroad were especially rare in the country.

For example, the Slimes and the gemcats in Dong Huang were imported from abroad.

…

Ancient Capital University, Battle Club.

When Shi Yu arrived, there were already more than 30 people gathered.

Apart from the president, White Brook, Shiyu really wasn’t too familiar with the other older students. Or perhaps it could be said that he didn’t know them at all. Apart from the senior who had been miserably bombarded by Baby Ginseng to be responsible for his assessment, Shi Yu already had a vague impression of the others.

“Shi Yu…” As for the other members, when they saw Shi Yu arrive, their impression of him was more or less the same. He was a genius archeologist, a super monster who had made Hong Xiao’s lose.

However, although everyone mocked Hong Xiao, it wasn’t too ridiculous. After all, it was only an assessment back then. Hong Xiao didn’t send his trump card, the monarch species pet.

It had to be said that these socialites were too young and had no idea how deep Shiyu was.

“Shi Yu is here too.” Instead, it was the instructor for the battle club, Dean He, who looked at Shi Yu with a smile. He knew Shi Yu’s strength the best!

Back when the Ice Dragon General tested Shi Yu, Shi Yu+the commander-level Nine Li Battle Beast+the transcendent Sword Spirit Possession… The power of that strike was enough for him to be considered a quasi-master.

Apart from White Brook and the members at her level, none of them were Shi Yu’s match.

It was also because the more than 600 new students who saw that sword had all signed a confidentiality agreement that the older students still did not know Shi Yu’s strength.

“Yes, Dean He.” After Shi Yu entered and greeted Dean He, he saw a familiar face.

Without knowing the senior, he directly looked at the corner and discovered Yu Shu, Wang Ling, and Miao Dongdong.

After telling Dean He, Shi Yu chuckled and walked over.

“Everyone is here.” Shi Yu smiled and came over. It was fine if Yu Shu and Wang Ling were together, but this little Gu Master was also here.

“Yes.” Wang Ling was already used to Shi Yu and had accepted this monster classmate. After all, they were in the same class and had met almost every day previously.

On the other hand, when Yu Shu and Miao Dongdong from the Combat faculty saw Shi Yu, they were still a little depressed.

“What’s the situation now? Is he here?”

“Not yet,” Wang Ling said.

“Which country is it? Male or female? Isn’t it a master? Is it a high-level Beast Tamer? Do you know what the pet is?” Shi Yu asked.

Yu Shu: “F*ck, you have so many questions.”

Shi Yu: “Do you know…”

Yu Shu’s face darkened. “I heard that just now. I know a little.”

“Didn’t the group chat say that he, he, is a man? His father is from Dong Huang Ancient Capital, and his mother is the Beast Tamer of the Kingdom of Glory.”

Glory… Shi Yu was slightly stunned as he recalled carefully.

If Dong Huang, the “Eastern Brilliance Ancient Kingdom” had a similar style to China on Earth, then Rongguang, “Kingdom of Glory”, was closer to European culture on Earth.

“I thought it was the Beast Tamer from the Seven Islands close to us,” said Shi Yu. After all, Dong Huang and the Seven Islands were relatively close. In comparison, he was much farther away from Rongguang.

“What’s that legendary senior thinking? Marrying to such a far place.” Miao Dongdong muttered softly beside him, “What’s the difference between that and marrying into the family? Returning for a while is probably even harder than defeating an overlord.”

“Maybe it’s because girls in Rongguang are more beautiful? Isn’t their skin pure white? They seem to have blue eyes?” Wang Ling said, “It does feel very good.”

Miao Dongdong: “Black hair and eyes are still the best. Shiyu’s red hair and red eyes aren’t that pretty either.”

Shi Yu: “???”

“Do you believe that I’ll hit you?” Shi Yu felt that this guy was too bad at talking. Even Senior Lu felt that he was handsome. What aesthetics did he have?

Gu Master Miao Dongdong immediately cowered, afraid that Shi Yu would snatch away the target that his parasite pet took control over, once again.

Yu Shu said, “Tch, forget about the parents. Since the other party has returned to the country and even came to the Ancient Capital University to challenge the school, he has to suffer the beatings of society!”

Yu Shu was very confident. After all, Donghuang was the first country to escape the control of the totem. The number of legendary Beast Tamers that were born was the highest among the seven countries that escaped the control of the totem and entered the Beast Emperor Era!

Judging from the overall strength of the Beast Tamers, Dong Huang was also at the front!

Wang Ling: “Why don’t you go for an ‘exchange’ later? Let’s see who gets beaten up.”

Yu Shu spat and said, “I’m still a new student. The other party named names to exchange battles with the members of the battle club. The lowest is definitely a high-level Beast Tamer. If you’re so capable, give me another three years. Three years, three years, three years…”

Shi Yu: “Since both parents are members of the national team, he’s a son of legends, so the other party’s strength is definitely not weak. Maybe he can match Yin Zhengfan?”

“By the way, hasn’t our little friend Yin Zhengfan come to the university? Why haven’t I seen him before?”

Yu Shu looked at Shi Yu with a strange expression. Aren’t you the main culprit for the other party not coming to Ancient Capital University?

He heard from his mother that Yin Zhengfan seemed to have gone to Imperial University in the end! The reason might be because he lost to Shiyu.

“He went to another school,” Yu Shu said. Sigh, children were just children. Did they think that they could improve faster if they went to a more curled school?

Unlike him, who clearly knew that Shi Yu was also at the university, but still had the courage to face Shi Yu head-on. Though, the outcome was a little different from what he had imagined at the start. He had been cracked by the collision.

“If it’s Yin Zhengfan, the two of you definitely won’t be able to win. It’s hard to say in the future, though.” Miao Dongdong said honestly to Wang Ling and Yu Shu. After all, Wang Ling had been beaten miserably by Yin Zhengfan during the vocation assessment.

And Yu Shu’s strength was about the same as Wang Ling’s…

When Miao Dongdong finished speaking, Yu Shu and Li Lei’s faces darkened.

“The future is still long, do you understand?” Yu Shu said solemnly, “Will the son of a legend definitely become a legend?”

“Legend Yu, you’re feeling tough again?” Wang Ling’s position was very unstable, and ran to argue with Yu Shu again.

Yu Shu was very unyielding. “With an ordinary legend as the baseline for me, it will definitely be a titled legend that I turn into in the future. I’ve thought of which title to use.”

Shi Yu’s mouth nearly cracked from laughing when he heard this group of young people fantasizing. Nice, they were even better at bragging than him.

“Which title?” Shi Yu asked happily.

Legendary Beast Tamers referred to Beast Tamers with overlord-level pets. Top legends with titles referred to Beast Tamers who could fight against totems.

In ancient times, titles were conferred by emperors, but in modern times, they were fixed titles, waiting for the legendary Beast Tamers to challenge for the ownership of them.

Either in the form of a competition, or in the form of a trial, or in the form of challenging a Guardian God and a totem. After passing, one would obtain world status approved by the country and the Seven Kingdoms Alliance, obtain a world-famous title, and obtain a large amount of resources from the Seven Kingdoms Alliance.

Even Yin Zhengfan’s father, Legend Yin, had yet to successfully obtain a title.

This was what it meant to be a legend. Under normal circumstances, the ceiling battle power of humans was the main force that resisted the totems. The Ice Dragon General belonged to this level, and the three generals under Emperor Shi were all at this level.

“It must be the Dragon King,” Yu Shu said. “It’s very easy to say, isn’t it? Besides, hasn’t this title been vacant for a long time?”

Wang Ling and Miao Dongdong rolled their eyes. As expected, Yu Shu was thinking of something big. The Dragon King’s title required the Beast Tamer to control a dragon-type creature and fight the Dragon Guardian for more than a day and night. It was one of the few titles with explosive difficulty. Why did Yu Shu even think that this title had been vacant the longest?

“But the Dragon King shouldn’t be the most prestigious title, right?” Shi Yu said.

“The one with the highest value should be Legend of the World? I remember that Senior Lin Feng had this title back then.”

Yu Shu: “This is not bad, but it depends on luck. After all, the timing of that title’s competition is too irregular.”

Everyone :”…”

Wang Ling and Miao Dongdong felt that Yu Shu had definitely shocked Shi Yu silly. In the past, he was proud, but now, he had completely let go of himself and thought about beautiful things all day!

A world legend usually referred to the Beast Tamer who became a legend under the age of 30 and competed with the other six countries to become a legend. This person would have won the championship and obtained the Blessing of the World Tree. The value was high, but it basically meant that this was the most talented and promising Beast Tamer of that era.

Currently, only that evolutionary talent big shot had obtained this title in the entire Dong Huang.. Yu Shu was purely dreaming.