Chapter 181 - Shi Yu And Emperor Shi Looking At Each Other

Chapter 181: Shi Yu and Emperor Shi looking at each other

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Shi Yu directly named the child on the spot.

Lu Qingyi was rather speechless. She thought that Shi Yu wanted to do something.

This Beast Tamer was too big-hearted. He actually got inspiration from daily conversation to find the name of his pet…

“Then I should also have half the credit for naming it,” Lu Qingyi said at the side.

“Uh.” Shi Yu was speechless. If she said so…

“No other requests ~ Hurry up and transform,” Lu Qingyi said.

“It’s only at the Awakening level now. Even if it possessed you, you shouldn’t feel any pressure, right?”

Shi Yu was vexed. He really wanted to see it.

That was true, but… he had already sworn not to be an Iron-eating Beast Knight. It was a little addictive.

It wasn’t a good habit.

Forget it, this was the last time. Next time, definitely not.

“Alright then…” Shi Yu nodded and looked at the little sword spirit.”…Chi Tong, possess me. ”

“Mi?!”

The little sword spirit was stunned for a moment. After understanding what it meant, it immediately flew in front of Shi Yu and circled around him. After pausing for a moment, it slowly fused into Shi Yu’s heart.

At the same time, Shi Yu closed his eyes.

This was the first time he was possessed by the little sword spirit. The test didn’t count.

The proficiency of the possession should be quite high, and the proficiency of the other skills shouldn’t be low either. However, his little sword spirit was clearly only at the entry level at the moment. It was a new student and very unfamiliar.

Therefore, the two parties might take a longer time to bond.

Lu Qingyi watched carefully.

One second… two seconds… Three seconds later, a cyclone began to swirl under Shi Yu’s feet, blowing dust.

Right on the heels of that, Shi Yu’s body began to turn blurry and hot. Red flames slowly erupted and lingered around him.

Buzz…

The fire threads slowly became dense. At this moment, Shi Yu slowly opened his eyes. After opening them, his gaze seemed to contain flames as it gradually changed in the direction of Chi Tong’s burning eyes.

However, perhaps because both parties had yet to contract, the little sword spirit was not very proficient in using Possession either. The fusion process between the two parties was still a little difficult. Shi Yu’s pupils kept changing between his black pupils and Chi Tong’s burning eyes.

Apart from that, his hair color also flashed between black and red, constantly changing.

After a few seconds, the two parties finally matched.

With a boom, countless fire threads condensed. A fierce spiritual aura that was like the flames of the sun transformed into flames that wrapped around Shi Yu’s entire body. At this moment, Shi Yu’s entire body seemed to have become thinner but more powerful!!

Moreover, at this moment, his hair had completely turned bright red, and his eyes were the same as before. His skin also became even fairer under the illumination of the fire spiritual energy!

At this moment, Shi Yu’s aura had completely changed. He no longer looked like a human. The emotions in his eyes had faded a lot, and his voice had become much more ethereal. He stretched out his hand. In the next moment, an adult version of the Chi Tong Sword Spirit appeared in his hand like a flaming sword.

“Senior, it’s done.” Shi Yu looked at Lu Qingyi and saw that she was full of praise as she kept nodding.

“Very good, it looks much more reliable than White Brook’s Fusion Talent.”

Compared to White Brook, who had become a beast-eared girl, Lu Qingyi felt that Shi Yu’s special effects were a little more handsome.

She had decided. The next pet would be an undead with a possession skill!

Moreover, the race level couldn’t be low. At least, it had to be an overlord race.

It wasn’t that she had never seen undead who possessed humans before, but the humans never changed much after the bond.

Perhaps it was related to the power of the undead. Those undead were too weak, causing the special effects to be a little low.

Unlike Shi Yu, whose pet simply changed the aura of the Beast Tamer.

Were there any relatively cute undead creatures with high racial levels?

Lu Qingyi fell into deep thought.

“Alright, alright!” Lu Qingyi hurriedly said while in deep thought.

“Alright.” Shi Yu exited the Sword Spirit Possession state. The flames on his body disappeared, and his hair and eyes returned to normal. The Sword Spirit in his hand also slowly degenerated into a young spirit form that looked like a fruit knife at the start.

“Hu…” Shi Yu sighed. Although the little sword spirit was only at the Awakening level, its consumption was not small.

“We can continue now, right?”

“Let’s go.” Lu Qingyi smiled, satisfied.

After her curiosity was satisfied, Lu Qingyi began to seriously bring Shi Yu to fight monsters.

However, to put it bluntly, it was purely to bring Shi Yu to familiarize himself with the environment at the edge of the Undead Battlefield.

After learning that the little sword spirit had mastered the Spirit Release skill, Lu Qingyi knew that the Undead Battlefield was the best training place for Shi Yu and the little sword spirit.

The ten million undead here could satisfy the advancement requirements of most of the little sword spirits.

There were even totem-level undead!

As long as someone was able to kill it.

Soon, Lu Qingyi and Shi Yu walked together. They brought the little sword spirit to hunt more than ten undead.

It was all hunted by the little sword spirit.

They let it fight above its level!

Its growth level had also broken through to level two of Awakening.

[Name]: Sword Spirit Chi Tong

[Attributes]: Undead, Fire

[Race Level]: High-level overlord

[Level of Growth]: Level 2 Awakening

[Race Skill]: Soul Slaying (Initiate), Possession (Initiate), Light Flame Sword (Initiate), Interlocking Sword (Initiate), Sun Flame (Initiate), Spirit Dissection (Initiate)

After the little sword spirit grew up, Lu Qingyi saw it.

“I was wrong. It’s killing three birds with one stone. Bringing it here to hunt undead can increase the proficiency of the Spirit Release, and it can also solve the food problem. Its racial skills will increase. After absorbing nutrition from the food, it will also increase its growth level…” Lu Qingyi smiled and said,” This is a good place, right? ”

At the side, Shi Yu, who was watching the little sword spirit burn the soul crystal, felt helpless. It was a good place, but a good place…

However, in the villa, enjoying the air conditioner and inhaling fragrance was pretty good too.

However, one thing was for sure. If there was a big boss leading the team, it wasn’t impossible for them to be at the Undead Battlefield.

“Yes.” Shi Yu agreed.

“By the way, Little Chi Tong, are you full?” he quickly asked Little Chi Tong.

At this moment, Lu Qingyi glanced at the time.

“Continue, or go back?”

“I think so too. Otherwise, Director Li and the others would be anxious,” Lu Qingyi said.

“Little guy, are you full?” She also asked Little Chi Tong telepathically.

The little sword spirit: “Mi ~!!”

The little sword spirit nodded. Anything was fine.

It had a satisfied expression. Of course, it wasn’t really enough, but it was enough.

When Shi Yu saw the little sword spirit eating, he smiled and said, “Then let’s go back first.”

Lu Qingyi nodded. A moment later, she summoned the Green Spirit Wind Bird.

They went back through the same transport.

On the Green Spirit Wind Bird, although the Wind Bird’s flying speed was very fast, because it was wind-element, it formed a perfect wind domain. Inside, Lu Qingyi and Shi Yu couldn’t feel any wind pressure.

The two of them weren’t far apart. As they flew, Lu Qingyi turned her head slightly and glanced at Shi Yu, who was staring ahead. She raised her arm and patted his shoulder.

“Did the iron-eating beast give you your physique?” she suddenly asked.

After rushing over from the icy plain, Lu Qingyi heard a lot from Director Li and the others. There was also something about Shi Yu’s physique.

If Shi Yu didn’t have a physique that wasn’t inferior to any master, it would probably be very difficult for him to control an extraordinary sword spirit normally and obtain the recognition of General Mu Huiyin’s heroic spirit.

“Indeed, Eleven gave me a portion of it. As for the other portion, there was another opportunity. Why?” Shi Yu was curious.

After Eleven upgraded and evolved, the strength of the physique that it gave Shi Yu was not low either. To say that his current physique was all enhanced by points of feedback, that was not entirely true.

“Didn’t you tell me previously what you saw at the iron-eating beast ruins?”

“Hundreds of Iron-eating Beasts have mastered the hardening of their proficiency above transcendent, and then completed the evolution through this skill, right?” Lu Qingyi said.

“Yes.” Shi Yu nodded.

“Aren’t you curious? The corresponding period of the Iron-eating Beast Ruins is the Wu Emperor period,” Lu Qingyi said.

Shi Yu continued to nod. This was actually the point that made Shi Yu most conflicted. He felt that the Iron-eating Beast should be even further away in time. It was best to involve Huang Emperor and Chi You. Only then would it be explosive.

However, on careful thought, it was basically impossible. In the Mythical systems of the Huang Emperor and Chi You, Mythical creatures were frequent visitors, and during the Mythical Era in this world, humans had yet to be born.

The truth was that the history of the iron-eating beast ruins was only two thousand years.

This was the ruins of the Wu Emperor Era, still after Emperor Shi.

“At that time, such ruins might belong to a special army of Emperor Wu,” Lu Qingyi said.

“That’s indeed a possibility.” Shi Yu didn’t deny it.

The Wu Dynasty was one of the few dynasties in history with relatively clear reasons for its destruction.

Emperor Wu was too warlike. For example, after Emperor Shi and the empress unified the dynasty, they didn’t continue to launch external wars. However, Emperor Wu was a war fanatic. After banishing the totems, he had been chasing after it and frequently brought his troops to fight with the totem clans in the totem area.

He went deep into the danger ground many times, hoping to completely destroy the enemy totem.

For decades, the totems were suffocated.

However, perhaps because of the years of war, the humans also felt the pressure.

Before the totems died, there was already a conflict among the humans.

It was said that the injuries of a late-stage Wu Emperor were very difficult to treat. He needed to rest regularly. The people around the Emperor were familiar with this. For unknown reasons, they betrayed him one day and joined forces with the totem clans to rebel against the Wu Emperor. A peak dynasty was destroyed.

Then, the information about Emperor Wu was also deleted and changed by the usurper, who maliciously smeared it.

“In the history of humans, Wu Emperor is a Beast Tamer who has tempered his body to the extreme. All its battle pets are pets known for their physical bodies. If the Iron-eating Beast army is the secret army of Emperor Wu, and if the potential of the Iron-eating Beast is so strong, could it be possible that Wu Emperor himself contracted the Iron-eating Beast to evolve?”

Lu Qingyi asked, “Apart from the feedback increase of the Fusion Talent on the physical body of a Emperor Wu, the feedback of its pets should also be the most important thing for the incomparably strong physical body his.”

Shi Yu was stunned and said, “Now that you mention it, that’s indeed a possibility. After all, just one evolution is enough for the Iron-eating Beast’s physique to match that of a giant dragon.”

“Eleven is now a quasi overlord race… It’s because its physique isn’t inferior to any overlord race…”

“Right, according to President Feng, aren’t you guys doing something about the Iron-eating Beast Village? If the archeology team discovers that the Iron-eating Beast’s evolution form is a battle pet of Emperor Wu, the value of the Iron-eating Beast will probably increase,” Lu Qingyi said confidently.

Shi Yu first smiled before immediately feeling sad.

“Stop, I have a headache now.”

“Emperor Shi, Emperor Wu, Empress… This is impossible!!!”

Emperor Shi, Emperor Wu, Empress, Dragon Emperor, Emperor Kong, evolution talent big boss, and Mechanical Giant, who could also be said to be one of the first ancestors of the Mechanic class…

There were seven legendary Beast Tamers in the history of Dong Huang. Shi Yu didn’t expect that he would be related to three in a short period of time that needed to be investigated!

This woman dug a big hole for him.

Lu Qingyi smiled. “Life goes on.”

…

A moment later, the two of them returned to the protected area of the ruins.

In the protected area, Instructor Feng, Dean He, Director Li, and the others were still waiting.

“Ah, you guys are finally back.”

Finally, they had returned!

Seeing that Lu Qingyi had returned with Shi Yu, the three of them were relieved and wiped their sweat.

“I already said it’ll be fine.” Lu Qingyi was helpless.

At the edge of the Undead Battlefield, Shi Yu’s little sword spirit alone could sweep through it. What could happen?

It was fine, unless the Undying Dark Phoenix broke out of the seal…

“I’m just worried about you guys,” Director Li said with a laugh.

“Well, is Dr. Lu staying here today? I’ll get someone to prepare a room for you.” Instructor Feng looked at Lu Qingyi.

“No, thank you. I’ll leave later,” Lu Qingyi said.

With that said, she looked at Shi Yu and said, “Do you still plan to continue the military training?”

“It’s better to return to school with me directly.”

Shi Yu thought for a moment and said, “I still want to stay here for a longer time. When the time comes, I’ll go back with the other students.”

“By the way, Director Li, I remember that one person in the Heroic Ruins can summon multiple heroes, right?” Shi Yu asked.

“Uh.” Director Li was stunned. He smiled bitterly and said, “That’s indeed the case. You still plan to summon one??”

Shi Yu shook his head continuously. “No, no, I was just asking casually. I don’t have this intention anymore…”

Even if he summoned another great general spirit, he wasn’t interested anymore. Having a little sword spirit was enough.

He really couldn’t afford more.

“I just want to stay longer and understand history more,” Shi Yu said.

“Alright.” Lu Qingyi nodded and said, “I hope you can gain something.”

She had also stayed here for a long time back then, but unfortunately, her gains were not much. It was not as much as Shi Yu’s gains from staying here for a day.

Comparisons were pointless. Shi Yu’s talent was better than she imagined.

“I hope so…” Shi Yu also hoped that there was. He looked at Director Li again and said,” Director Li, did anyone still receive the recognition of a heroic spirit? ”

“The Martyr’s Altar hasn’t been unsealed. After you came down, no one has gone up yet. Everyone’s busy signing a confidentiality contract.” Director Li chuckled and said, “Now that you’re awake, it’s time to unseal that place again.”

Shi Yu nodded.

Then, Shi Yu answered the three top-notch masters’ questions about the little sword spirit again. He started to return to the proper training.

After Senior Lu exhorted information from Shi Yu, she left directly and ran to Ancient Capital University to settle things.

At this moment, the heroic spirit ruins finally began to be unsealed.

The students were stifled.

Seeing Tao Yi and Shi Yu summon awesome heroic spirits consecutively, no one wasn’t envious.

Among them, the heroic spirit summoned by Shi Yu made them sign some confidentiality contract. Although this group of students was a little confused, they could feel Shi Yu’s awesomeness.

Now, after the seal of the heroic spirit ruins was lifted, hundreds of students immediately swarmed towards the ruins.

They hoped to recreate Shi Yu’s glory on the altar. At the very least, it would be good to have an archer like Tao Yi.

…

“Damn it, I was a step too slow…”

After learning from the instructors and mentors that the ruins had been unsealed, countless students ran over.

However, there were definitely fast and slow students among the hundreds.

It was impossible for more people to go up the altar together, so they could only queue.

People like Yu Shu and Wang Ling, who felt that they could summon heroic spirits but couldn’t get in the front line, could only worry.

The scene of the altar was lively all of a sudden.

Even though it was almost evening, this place was still extremely lively.

“How lively.” Shi Yu packed up. After changing his clothes, he also wore a hat and came to the scene to watch the commotion.

At this moment, looking at the students putting on painful masks on the altar, he couldn’t help but smile.

At that moment, everyone’s attention was focused on a person on the altar. Shi Yu had changed his clothes and was wearing a hat and mask. As he walked in the crowd, no one noticed him.

“This disguise talent…”

Just as Shi Yu felt that his disguise talent was invincible, a palm suddenly landed on Shi Yu.

“You… are awake??” Wang Ling and Yu Shu were together, looking at Shi Yu in a daze.

Shi Yu took back his words.

“Yo!” Seeing this pair of good friends, Shi Yu waved and greeted them.

“Good evening.”

Good my ass!

Wang Ling and Yu Shu looked at Shi Yu with complicated expressions.

He wanted to ask Shi Yu about General Mu Huiyin’s heroic spirit, but unfortunately, due to the contract, he couldn’t say it.

“Shi Yu, do you think that manual is real?” Wang Ling said.

“What manual?” Shi Yu was stunned.

“I have to communicate with the spirits with the intention of ‘archeology’.” Wang Ling and the other students from the archeology Department (1) class had long treated Shi Yu’s words as a mystic manual. They remembered it in their hearts and waited for the moment when they went up to summon it.

Yu Shu also heard about it and felt that it could be tried.

“Uh…” Shi Yu was speechless.

This thing… how should he put it?

Shi Yu looked in the direction of the altar. It was completely difficult to say. It all depended on luck.

For example, now, he was going to the ruins with the intention of archeology. He wanted to know more about Emperor Shi and Mu Huiyin. Was it useful? Was it useful? He didn’t care!!

“…” Just as Shi Yu was about to tell the two of them that money could change one’s life, his brain suddenly trembled.

His eyes were confused and his mind was a little dazed.

Everything around him seemed to have fallen silent.

Shi Yu’s mind seemed to be isolated from the outside world.

Just now, with the mood to try it out, Shi Yu used telepathy to communicate with the ruins again.

However, to Shi Yu’s surprise…

He felt it again.

This time, a scene appeared in front of Shi Yu’s eyes again. It was a very vague scene. Although it was vague, he felt like he was in that world.

In the scene, there were two backs.

One of them was a domineering middle-aged man who stood with his hands behind his back. Shi Yu couldn’t see or recognize him.

However, Shi Yu could vaguely see the image of Ice Dragon General Mu Huiyin in the blurry figure behind him.

“Are you leaving?” The man’s dignified voice sounded.

“I plan to return to the icy plain and guard there. A snow mountain is not enough to isolate the huge ocean empire,” the woman said. “Leave the border of the dynasty to me, but remember to erase my information.”

“It’s a pity. I still want you to continue fighting with me.”

“I’m not interested in the Mythical domain, much less longevity. It’s best you don’t immerse yourself in it. This is the most critical moment of the dynasty.”

“We’re already close. How can we not take a look? Don’t worry, I’ll leave enough backup before exploring. This heroic spirit ruin is one of them. With it around, even without me in the future, humans can still have the power to resist the totems.”

“Your bloodline is relatively special. I’ll use my strongest power to preserve the traces of your power. At that time, your heroic spirit can transform into an unparalleled general to intimidate the totem!”

The woman began to remain silent, and the man also began to remain silent.

At this moment, Shi Yu, who seemed to be in an alternate space, had already gone numb.

His heart was shocked to the extreme, as if he had heard a huge secret!

Then, what made Shi Yu’s heart nearly explode was that in the blurry historical scene, the man standing with his hands behind his back seemed to have sensed something. He suddenly turned his head slightly and turned around. His dark pupils seemed to have passed through the river of time and completed eye contact with Shi Yu.

“Who’s there?”

Crack!

The scene stopped. The world Shi Yu saw shattered completely. He was so shocked that he broke out in cold sweat.

“Shi Yu, Shi Yu, why are you in a daze? What do you want to say?” Beside Shi Yu, Yu Shu and Wang Ling looked at Shi Yu, whose expression had changed drastically, in confusion.