Chapter 182 - Mysterious Crystal

Chapter 182: Mysterious Crystal

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

“I wasn’t in a daze. I cracked,” Shi Yu muttered.

This time, after hearing the Voice of History, he was shocked that the ruins didn’t crack!

That was… Emperor Shi and Mu Huiyin?

Was it the conversation between the two when the heroic spirit ruins were built?

But why did Emperor Shi suddenly turn his head as if he had discovered his spying!

Shi Yu was shocked when his gaze landed on him.

“You cracked?” Yu Shu and Wang Ling were at a loss.

Shi Yu looked at the two of them and then at the heroic spirit ruins.

After waiting for a few seconds, he realized that the Emperor Shi had not crossed the River of Time to catch him. There was no Emperor Shi Spirit appearing either. Even the other heroic spirits in the ruins didn’t move. Shi Yu said to Yu Shu and Liu Qiyue,

“The waters here are too deep and the implications are too big. I’m not playing anymore. All the best.”

After Shi Yu warned the two of them, he felt a little weak and wanted to go back and lie down.

At this moment, Yu Shu and Wang Ling were stunned again.

“What do you mean?”

Yu Shu said as he watched Shi Yu leave.

He looked at Wang Ling.

Wang Ling said, “Didn’t you hear what he said? I just want to say that I understand everything. It’s very difficult for me to explain the parts that I don’t understand. Try it yourself carefully.”

Yu Shu: What the f*ck???

…

Not long after he left, Shi Yu returned.

His mind was a little confused now. He wanted to calm down. The ruins were too noisy.

Shi Yu began to recall the situation from the beginning.

To trigger the Voice of History, Shi Yu had many experiences. There was nothing to say about this.

From the conversation between the man and the woman in the “video”, their identities were undoubtedly Emperor Shi and Mu Huiyin.

The heroic spirit ruins were established after the battle of the totems. At that time, the war had already ended, and the Dong Huang Dynasty had completed its unification and walked on the right track. It was the start of the Eastern Beast Taming Era.

After the dynasty got on track, Mu Huiyin seemed to have chosen to return to her hometown. Her goal was to guard the dynasty’s border.

This was not difficult for Shi Yu to understand. Icefield City had a special geographical location that was adjacent to the ocean.

During the totem era, the Ice River Totem had led its clansmen to fight the totems in the sea many times to snatch resources.

After the Beast Taming Era, while the land totems were fighting humans, the sea totems had taken advantage of the situation many times.

However, humans couldn’t do much about ocean creatures either. It was as shameless as hiding in an alternate space.

It was only when the Dragon Emperor reached an agreement with the underwater dragon race that the sea posed less of a threat to humans, now that the Dragon Palace City dragon race was an ally of the Dong Huang Dynasty.

“Judging from the conversation, after expelling the totem, Emperor Shi didn’t seem to have given up on fighting, but the target doesn’t seem to be the totem.”

“According to the records, at that time, Emperor Shi was incomparably powerful. He led the Dong Huang Dynasty and was completely capable of continuing to destroy the fleeing totems like Emperor Wu, but he didn’t choose to do so… Instead, he looked at a higher domain.”

“From what the Ice Dragon General said, the Mythical Domain… Immortality… At that time, Emperor Shi was pursuing these??” Shi Yu sat on the bed and frowned.

Why did every emperor want to be immortal and become a legend?

However, it seemed normal. After reaching that level… there wasn’t much to pursue other than this.

Shi Yu was still young and had no feelings for these things. He wasn’t sure if he wanted to just die or become immortal after he grew old.

“In that case, the destruction of the first generation of the Dong Huang Dynasty is very likely because Emperor Shi challenged the Mythical Domain. They even really managed to find the long lost Mythical Creature, causing the Dong Huang Dynasty to encounter an unknown calamity?”

This was a very surprising secret, but not that surprising. Legend had it that when Beast Tamers pursued the Mythical Domain, this was very normal. Perhaps every Beast Tamer who had reached that level had done this, including the legendary Beast Tamers that weren’t limited to the Dong Huang Ancient Country. The legends of the other countries must have also pursued the Mythical Domain.

Even those totemic foreign races were chasing to advance to the Mythical stage.

Emperor Shi pursued the Mythical Domain, and the Dong Huang Dynasty might have perished because of Mythical creatures. Even a high school student might be able to guess this guess, but in the absence of evidence, guesses were forever guesses. They couldn’t become true history.

But now, as Shi Yu saw the historical video, this guess became even clearer. Emperor Shi was indeed preparing something. In fact, at that time, Emperor Shi had already found a target and knew that he might fail! Therefore, he had left behind the so-called backup plans he mentioned.

However, compared to this, what confused Shi Yu the most was still the Emperor’s reaction at that time…

Wasn’t the image of history recorded by the “historical spirit” that was naturally produced? In theory, when he looked at the historical image, it should only be equivalent to looking at a recorded video. Why could the person in the video still sense who was looking at him? This time, the elemental wall had broken.

Or could it be that there were parallel universes of the past, present, and future? The Ancient Emperor of that time could sense that someone was spying on him in the future because he had mastered the power of time?

Or could it be that there were also Shi Di’s spirits in the ruins?

“Do you know anything?”

Shi Yu asked the little sword spirit that crawled out of his chest.

“Mi?” The little sword spirit was at a loss.

“Ah…” Shi Yu was helpless. This was no longer the Ice Dragon General.

“Forget it, rest well tonight. We’ll start investigating tomorrow,” Shi Yu said.

Although he said that the ruins were magical and that the waters were too deep and the implications were too great, Shi Yu still had to continue investigating.

He belonged to the type of person who would be more obedient when encountering strange phenomena, but after calming down and analyzing it carefully, he felt that the more he took a step back, the angrier he was.

“I’m a Beast Tamer recognized by the heroic spirit of Grand General Mu Huiyin. The Ice Dragon that has made great contributions to the Dong Huang Dynasty even asked me to call it Grandma, what’s there to be afraid of?! Even if Emperor Shi is still alive, we’re all family…”

After Shi Yu figured it out, he meditated and rested.

In the past few days, he had clearly just strengthened the Beast Taming Space to level three, but Eleven had evolved and broken through, Baby Ginseng had broken through, Buggy had evolved and broken through… He was also possessed by the Sword Spirit. Shi Yu felt that before he even cultivated much, the Beast Taming Space seemed to have improved a lot…

Although it couldn’t be said that he could reach level four immediately, he felt that it shouldn’t be a problem in another two to three months.

Compared to the feedback of the pet, the feeling it gave Shi Yu was more like his space was too small. The pet had broken through consecutively and accidentally enlarged it. Otherwise, it would feel uncomfortable staying here.

While he was cultivating, Shi Yu didn’t forget to let Little Chi Tong, Eleven, and Baby Ginseng improve their relationship.

“Little Chi Tong, go play with Eleven and Baby Ginseng in the ruins.”

“Use your Sun Flame to help them train their fire resistance. Well, just burn them.”

Shi Yu realized that Eleven, Baby Ginseng, and Buggy were all a little weak in his team.

The fire-element team was really superior.

“Mi ~!!” The little sword spirit was confused, but its attitude was very serious.

“Wuu!!!” A moment later, in the ruins space, Eleven was extremely excited. As long as its new teammate trained with it, everyone would be good friends!

As for Baby Ginseng, it wore a painful face. How was this training its fire resistance? It was clearly training its healing ability… Compared to Eleven, it was clearly weaker in fire. Even if its level was very high, it couldn’t be said to be unscathed after resisting the little sword spirit’s super-level fire, because it was a plant.

Among the three weak guys in Shi Yu’s team, only the worm in the Beast Taming Space escaped because it was in a delicate phase…

…

That night, Shi Yu heard a lot of commotion.

Light appeared outside the window, as if someone had obtained the recognition of the heroic spirit.

After casually taking out his cell phone to look at the group message, he realized that it was only an ordinary heroic spirit, so Shi Yu didn’t pay attention.

Until the next morning.

Shi Yu arrived at the place yesterday.

There were still many people here today. After all, it was already very late when the ruins were unsealed yesterday.

There was no time for many people to try summoning it.

“Can’t I?”

Near the Heroic Spirit Ruins, Shi Yu tried to find the feeling he had yesterday. Unfortunately, he couldn’t enter that strange feeling again.

Shi Yu naturally didn’t believe it.

The ruins altar didn’t crack. In theory, it should still be able to enter a listening state.

If it was like the stone statue of Ping Cheng or the stone wall of the Iron-eating Beast Ruins, it would have directly cracked. Shi Yu wouldn’t have to go through so much trouble. After all, the dead were to be respected, but the problem was that it hadn’t cracked yet.

“Have breakfast and read some books first, I guess.”

Shi Yu turned and left…

He decided to spend the remaining five days of the military training with this ruin.

As for any more time than that, he really couldn’t afford to waste much. After all, he still had a pile of pets to raise.

Throughout different times in the day, Shi Yu secretly came to the ruins altar many times.

When others summoned their spirits, he was chatting with the altar in the corner.

When others accepted their tests, he held a memorial for Emperor Shi in the corner.

When others happily obtained their soul seed, Shi Yu was depressed. He really hoped that he could answer Shi Di’s “who’s there”.

In fact, because he missed Emperor Shi, Shi Yu even specially found Director Li and Instructor Feng to apply to ascend the altar again when no one was around.

What if there really was an Emperor Spirit inside?

“Didn’t you say you weren’t going?”

“And why do you need to be alone when you do it?”

Director Li and Instructor Feng looked at Shi Yu and were stunned.

“I originally didn’t plan to go up, but I made another discovery. This is part of an important archeological plan.”

“In order to avoid making a big commotion again, it’s better to choose a time when no one is around.”

“If we have to do the confidentiality agreement again, you guys will be in trouble.”

Shi Yu coughed dryly and explained.

“Yes.” Director Li and Instructor Feng looked at each other and nodded.

With Bureau 11’s identity, this request was not difficult.

They deliberately found an empty night to avoid the awkward situation if Mu Huiyin’s spirit appeared again.

In short, although they were quite stunned at first, Director Li and Instructor Feng immediately became excited after thinking about it.

Oh shit!

Shi Yu was going to make another big discovery!

Looking at Shi Yu’s confident expression…

This time, was it the Heavenly Formation Great General, the Sea Suppression Great General, or the heroic spirit of Great General Bai Lin?

Late at night.

With only Shi Yu, Director Li, and Instructor Feng around, Shi Yu ascended the altar again.

Seeing Shi Yu ascend the altar, the two masters revealed looks of anticipation.

However, this time…

Shi Yu stood in a military posture on the altar for an hour.

Forget about the Emperor Shi’s Spirit, no other heroic spirits appeared this time.

On the altar.

Shi Yu’s expression was blank .”…”

The scene was awkward.

This also made Director Li and the others have strange expressions.

Although he didn’t know why Shi Yu suddenly wanted to ascend the altar, theoretically speaking, Shi Yu had already obtained the recognition of General Mu Huiyin. With Shi Yu’s aptitude, it wasn’t difficult for him to obtain the recognition of other heroic spirits.

It wasn’t like it had never happened for a talented Beast Tamer to receive the recognition of multiple heroic spirits.

For example, Lu Qingyi at that time summoned seven or eight heroic spirits at once.

As for Shi Yu… it was quite strange. He had clearly summoned the heroic spirit of the Ice Dragon General, but after that, not a single heroic spirit responded.

A moment later, Shi Yu came down.

He even muttered to himself,

“I didn’t expect General Mu Huiyin to be so unpopular with her comrades. The ancients are really biased against mixed blood.” After Shi Yu came down, he pushed the blame for the lack of heroic spirits onto the little sword spirit.

Director Li and Instructor Feng: (⊙_⊙) So that’s how it is?

…

For the next few days, Shi Yu still did not give up.

Occasionally, he would meditate and give his pet some extra points, but the most important energy was still spent on looking.

The protected area of the ruins had amassed a large collection of antiques, artifacts, and historical information from the Emperor Shi era. Shi Yu planned to finish reading them in the next few days.

As he learned about history, he chatted with the altar.

Therefore, another famous scene appeared in the next few days. The other students were working hard to summon their spirits. Shi Yu was reading. The other students followed the instructors and mentors to the edge of the Specter Battlefield to train. Shi Yu was reading.

Over the past few days, the students of Ancient Capital University have gained a lot.

The ones with the greatest gains were a batch of Beast Tamers who had obtained the recognition of the spirits, including Shi Yu, Yu Shu, and Wang Ling.

After the ruins were unsealed, ten more people obtained the recognition of the heroic spirit after Shi Yu.

However, although they were ambitious and hoped to receive the same treatment as Shi Yu and the recognition of the Great General, reality was reality. The subsequent ten people were only acknowledged by ordinary heroic spirits like Tao Yi.

This was considered not bad. After all, those who could be left behind by Emperor Shi had extraordinary strength. When they were alive, they were basically master-level Beast Tamers, the elite forces of the Dong Huang Dynasty. Their heroic spirits were basically all monarch races. This was already a very huge increase for this group of students.

If nothing unexpected happened, in a year or two, they would definitely become elites of the battle club and candidates for the school team. They had a chance of competing in the National League!

“F*ck.” In the protected area, in a library, Shi Yu sat in a corner. After reading 116 books, he felt extremely sad. The little sword spirit stuck its head out and followed beside Shi Yu. It fought with him to monopolize the cool air of the air conditioner, making Shi Yu, who couldn’t find any useful information, even more depressed.

“It’s almost 1 PM.”

“The military training will end tomorrow.”

“If I had known earlier, I wouldn’t have named you Chi Tong. If you were called Red Hair, the ruins might have given us more face…” Shi Yu fell into deep thought.

The little sword spirit was confused. The Beast Tamer was saying strange silly things again.

“Let’s try again.” Shi Yu saw that the sky was dark and knew that it was time for him to take action.

After 12 o’clock, the Heroic Ruins would be sealed. There was basically no one left, but Shi Yu had the privilege to enter himself.

Two days ago, Director Li and Instructor Feng even specially followed, hoping to see a surprise. However, after that, only Shi Yu himself went to chat in the middle of the night.

In the dark night, under the moonlight.

Shi Yu walked on the altar again and looked at the ruins under the moonlight.

“Why aren’t you saying anything… I’m leaving tomorrow. I won’t be back if I leave.”

Ruins :”…”

“I’m really leaving.”

Shi Yu repeated “I’m leaving” more than ten times.

Shi Yu was angry. He was already so humble.

Unfortunately, he didn’t dare to use reverse psychology on a Hero Ruins and a ruin built by Shi Di. He was afraid that Shi Di would wake from his corpse and kill him.

2: 30 a.m.

Shi Yu fell into complete despair. He planned to come again when he was free in the future.

However, at this moment, something unexpected happened. The ruin that didn’t react even after he said “I’m leaving” hundreds of times changed after he really turned around.

A diamond-shaped crystal appeared with a faint light and slowly landed in Shi Yu’s hand.

Shi Yu’s expression changed slightly. This ruin indeed had a “spirit”.

However, what was this thing? It didn’t look like a soul seed nor a resource… What was this…