Chapter 184 - Senior Panda’S New Discovery

Chapter 184: Senior Panda’s New Discovery

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

In the student dormitory of Ancient Capital University.

At noon, Shi Yu returned to the campus.

After returning, Shi Yu took a cold shower and ate an ice popsicle. He lay on the bed in satisfaction.

“Wuu.”

Eleven also hugged a basin of milk fragrance ice cream and ate it with relish.

This was an ice cream frozen from the basin milk made of the female Iron-eating Beast’s mother’s milk. It was produced by Senior Panda’s family, and the Iron-eating Beast agreed to eat it.

“Yiya ~ Burp ~”

As for Baby Ginseng, it gulped down some iced soda.

If what Eleven ate was still a little nutritious, then what it drank was purely junk food water.

However, in the words of the ginseng baby, it was already very nutritious. As for water, it just had to drink whatever it got happily.

Along the way, Shi Yu and the others were affected by Little Chi Tong and yearned for something cold.

Unfortunately, Buggy didn’t have a mouth, so it could only continue sleeping.

“Mi ~”

After arriving at a new environment, Little Chi Tong undoubtedly crawled into the fridge again and even hugged its ice-element energy crystal.

Shi Yu didn’t mind the risk of the fridge being burned. He yawned and looked at the classes after school officially started the day after tomorrow.

As he watched, a video call frame suddenly popped up on his cell phone.

“Eh.”

Shi Yu glanced at the ID and realized that it was Senior Panda. He directly swiped to answer.

A moment later, Lin Xiuzhu’s face appeared on the screen.

Her face was very close to his, and she looked very excited. Her gaze revealed joy.

“Big, big, big discovery!”

Lin Xiuzhu went straight to the point and said, “There are two pieces of good news. Which one do you want to hear?”

Shi Yu blinked.

“Let’s hear the second best one first.”

Lin Xiuzhu smiled and said, “I’ve already researched a way to let the Iron-eating Beast steadily awaken the ‘Giant Transformation’ skill before evolution.”

“Really??” Shi Yu was pleasantly surprised.

“Well, the resources used are relatively expensive, but compared to evolution materials, it’s alright.”

After confirming how much the evolution materials determined the potential of the Iron-eating Beast after evolution, Lin Xiuzhu had been researching ways to let the Iron-eating Beast awaken its giant transformation before evolution.

If it could be researched, it was a relatively important increase in the Iron-eating Beast race’s potential.

This meant that as long as one had money, every Iron-eating Beast had a chance of reaching a high-level monarch race.

“Impressive, impressive,” Shi Yu praised.

Master Lin Hongnian had developed a skill manual that allowed the Iron-eating Beast to learn Thunder Palm and Cannon Fist.

Now, Lin Xiuzhu had researched the secret manual for the Iron-eating Beast’s awakening skill.

This father and daughter’s research of the Iron-eating Beast was indeed very talented.

The Iron-eating Beast’s price increased for sure. Was he just waiting to collect the money?

“Wait, there’s better news than this?” Shi Yu suddenly realized.

“Hehe.” Lin Xiuzhu’s expression was smug. “I also found a way to let the Iron-eating Beast quickly increase its’ hardening ‘proficiency.”

“In the breeding base, a young Iron-eating Beast used this method to reach expert level in just a week.”

If Shi Yu was only slightly surprised when Senior Panda said that she had developed the awakening method of Giant Transformation, then he would be very shocked now.

“How did you do it?” Shi Yu was stunned. Senior Panda was too strong.

The four years in the Feeding Department and Research Department weren’t wasted.

If they really found a way to quickly increase their hardening proficiency, the Iron-eating Beast could evolve in batches.

At that time, the Iron-eating Beast’s status would rise again!

Shi Yu originally planned to study it himself when he was free, but firstly, he wasn’t free. Secondly, he had more important missions at the moment, such as exploring the second stage evolution of the iron-eating beast.

However, in the blink of an eye, Senior Panda had researched it?

“Do you remember that in the research paper on the evolution of the iron-eating beasts, it mentioned that the hardening substance of the Nine Li Battle Beast is a little different from the hardening substance of the iron-eating beasts?”

Shi Yu nodded.

“That’s the key.”

“The hardening of the Nine Li Battle Beast has a ‘nourishing’ effect on the hardening of ordinary Iron-eating Beasts.”

“With the special features of transcendent Level Hardening such as release, flow, and application, the Nine Li Battle Beast can use its Hardening Material to nurture the little Iron-eating Beast’s strength.”

“Under nurturing, as long as the hardening energy circulates around the little Iron-eating Beast’s body, the amount of hardening of the little Iron-eating Beast and its control over hardening can increase quickly.”

“I’ve already used my father’s Nine Li Battle Beast to experiment. Its hardening, and even the perfect level hardening of my Iron-eating Beast, has a strengthening effect.”

“In other words, as long as one Nine Li War Beast puts all its energy into constantly strengthening and hardening another Iron-eating Beast, then the speed of the hardening of that Iron-eating Beast will, in theory, be very fast. Furthermore, the upper limit of the increase can be very high, depending on the hardening level of the Nine Li War Beast!”

Shi Yu: “!!!”

“This is indeed a super big discovery…” He looked stunned and said to the screen.

What was the difference between this and the body tempering in martial arts novels!

Hardening could be played this way?

No wonder there were so many Iron-eating Beasts who had mastered high-level hardening in the stone wall images.

As long as there was a big shot to level up, a high proficiency hardening Iron-eating Beast Army could indeed be nurtured with some time!

“Is there anything I can do?” Shi Yu asked.

“Didn’t the Iron-eating Beast Research Institute at the university still raise three Iron-eating Beast cubs?”

“Zheng Yingjie and the others are taking care of it.”

“Yes.” Shi Yu nodded.

Lin Xiuzhu: “Can you test them again and see if Eleven can help them increase their hardening levels?”

“That’s easy.” Shi Yu nodded. He would try even without Lin Xiuzhu saying so.

If even transcendent Hardening could help the iron-eating beast strengthen the hardening substance, what about his Eleven’s max-level Hardening?

He felt that the Iron-eating Beast Army he saw must also have at least one Nine Li Battle Beast that had mastered max-level hardness.

“Please.”

“Then I’ll go now. If it’s alright, Senior, come to Ancient Capital again when you’re free. I’ll get Eleven to help you increase your pet’s hardening proficiency.” said Shi Yu.

“Alright.” Lin Xiuzhu smiled.

…

“Eleven!!”

Eleven had just finished its basin of milk ice cream and was about to do the training for falling at an altitude of 10,000 meters. It was stopped by Shi Yu.

“??!” Eleven scratched its head.

What was wrong?

“Stop training for now. Come with me to do an experiment and see if you have the potential to raise a child.”

“Huh?” Eleven was confused.

It was only two years old, and it was a baby.

“Let’s go and get you a student card. When the time comes, you can go to the gravity room, charging room, competitive tower, and other training facilities.”

“!!!” Eleven’s eyes lit up.

“Awww!!” It cheered.

Eleven liked the training facilities of the Ancient Capital University that it saw a few days ago.

For example, in the gravity room, one could freely adjust the gravity in the room. Five times the gravity, ten times the gravity, and twenty times the gravity. Eleven had only done weight training in the past. When had it ever experienced such a high-end training method like the gravity training room maintained by mechanical life?

Unfortunately, because Shiyu wasn’t free, he temporarily took Eleven only to the charging room of the Gudu University.

1

Now, when he heard that Shi Yu was going to give it a student card, so that it could go to various training facilities in the future, Eleven was extremely excited.

That’s right!

It was already a mature pet and could already use its own card to train.

Following that, Shi Yu began to set off for the Iron-eating Beast Research Institute.

Because he was worried about leaving little Chi Tong alone at home, he conveniently pulled the sleeping little sword spirit up from the ice cream pile.

Hardening could lead to hardening…

Along the way, Shi Yu first found it magical, but then found it understandable.

From the various historical traces, the iron-eating beasts should be a very large-scale army type of battle style.

They were closely connected, and it was obvious from the skill “impregnable”.

Although Shi Yu had yet to add some “impregnable” points to Eleven, he already knew the characteristics of this skill.

This metal-element skill described that it was protected by the metal-elemental power, increasing its overall resistance. Elemental, physical, mental, and soul damage was all included in the skill’s resistance.

This was undoubtedly a very strong skill, but if that was all, wasn’t calling it “Metal Protection” more appropriate than “impregnable”?

The reason why the ancients named this skill impregnable was very simple. It was because after reaching proficiency, it would become a resonance skill.

There was nothing special about using Impregnable. However, if another pet beside it also used Impregnable, then the solid skills of both sides would resonate. Although it couldn’t achieve the exaggerated effect of overlapping effects, it would strengthen each other.

Furthermore, the resonance effect and number of resonances would also increase with the proficiency of the skill.

Just think about it, if there was an army of 100, 1,000, and 10,000 pets that mastered all the impregnable skills, and when they fought, 10,000 impregnable forces would strengthen each other, how terrifying would the effect be? Although this was only a high-level skill, the tactical value was not inferior to any super skill!

This was a skill that had an even more impressive effect the more people used it. It was specially made for war, and it was an army skill. Together with the Inner Power skill, giantization, and hardening, it could easily create an invincible army.

In ancient times, the solid city wall and the heavily guarded moat was the standard. It was undoubtedly very appropriate to compare the army of pets who had mastered those skills to these standard defenses.

“It’s a pity that I only plan on nurturing one Iron-eating Beast. My impregnable skill is useless.”

He couldn’t nurture an iron-eating beast army just because of a skill, right? As he thought about it, Shi Yu sighed.

This was a single-target high-level skill, group type super skill… Only group battles could maximize the effect.

“Unless…” Shi Yu thought for a moment. It was not impossible.. Firstly, he could let Buggy materialize a bunch of teammates who knew how to use impregnable. Secondly, he could casually teach Eleven a suitable avatar skill to create a second Eleven…