Chapter 199 - Buggy’S Final Evolution

Divine Capital, Divine Feather Mountain Range, Butterfly Valley!

A huge fairy that was ten meters tall and looked like a flower fairy flew in the sky like a butterfly.

Myriad Flower Butterfly Fairy King!

On the overlord butterfly, Legend Flower stood there and looked at the Beast Tamers who were arriving slowly below.

The Butterfly Meeting would officially begin at noon. The Beast Tamers entered the forest from 6 a.m. to dawn. Normally, even if they got lost a little, they could reach here before 12 a.m.

Moreover, there were so many people. Even if there were really a few people who were bad at directions, as long as they followed the large group and weren’t targeted by the butterflies in the forest, there wouldn’t be any problem.

“He’s here too.”

As a legendary Beast Tamer, Legend Hua had very good vision. His vision immediately clearly saw Shi Yu, who was communicating with Miao Dongdong in the crowd.

At the same time, Miao Dongdong was in disbelief.

“So easily?!”

Beside him, Shi Yu had a matter-of-fact expression. Why would he think he would get lost in the forest?

Anyone could successfully reach this place.

“Please don’t summon the cocoon first. After the Butterfly God descends, you can summon the cocoon to its designated area.” As more and more people gathered, Legend Hua’s voice entered everyone’s ears.

Many people looked up at the Ten Thousand Flower Butterfly Sprite King with adoring expressions.

It was good to have an overlord pet.

Legend Hua was also beautiful.

“It seems like we still have to wait for a while.” Miao Dongdong glanced at the time and said, “I wonder where the other students in the school are. Many people came from Ancient Capital University this time.”

“There are so many children.”

Shi Yu was not concerned about his classmates in the same school as Miao Dongdong. Instead, he sized up many Beast Tamers around and realized that most of them were sixteen or seventeen years old. They looked very young.

Miao Dongdong:???

You’re not that much older, alright?

However, Miao Dongdong looked at Shi Yu, who was wearing a black and red battle suit and a red cloak. He indeed discovered that Shi Yu looked more mature and handsome. The premise was that the little Iron-eating Beast and the little ginseng baby in his pocket didn’t show their cute faces randomly.

“Wuu.” “Yi!”

Eleven and Baby Ginseng asked, “Has the Butterfly God not come out yet? Has the Butterfly Meeting not started yet?”

“Soon, soon,” Shi Yu said.

At this moment, Beast Tamers everywhere in Butterfly Valley were discussing excitedly and expectantly.

It was noisy below, and it was lively. The sound wave covered everything.

In the sky, after a moment of silence, Legend Hua said, “From now on, everyone meditate.”

As soon as she finished speaking, the voices below immediately stopped. Tens of thousands of people suddenly fell silent.

Although they didn’t know what was going on, they guessed that it might be a specific ceremony. Therefore, they stopped discussing and meditated calmly, waiting for the Butterfly Meeting to begin.

“It’s much quieter.” The Legendary Hua Xiajin chuckled.

These guys were too noisy.

There was no ceremony. She just wanted these people to shut up.

Under Legend Hua’s persuasion, even Shi Yu began to meditate.

The Beast Tamers who rushed over later saw that the people who had already arrived were meditating, and they quickly entered a meditative state.

Just like that, in the silent environment, more and more people gathered in Butterfly Valley.

Time passed little by little, and changes slowly began to happen here.

A light wind blew from afar, cooling everyone.

This breeze seemed to be silver, perhaps mixed with silver scale powder or crushed silver worm silk.

In the sky, a silver substance landed in Legend Hua’s hand. She suddenly looked up and smiled.

“Stop meditating,” she said loudly, her voice reaching everyone’s ears again.

At this moment, everyone stopped meditating and opened their eyes to look at the sky.

Silver!

At some point, silver whirlwinds filled the sky. In an instant, the Butterfly Transformation Valley seemed to have become a silver world.

Countless silver substances were swept together like rolling silver waves, extremely dazzling.

“The sky…”

“The sky disappeared!!”

At this moment, the number of people present had already reached 60,000 to 70,000. Many people opened their eyes and looked at the sky in shock.

Because in a short instant, the sky here seemed to have been covered, and the blue sky and sun couldn’t be seen at all. Everyone seemed to have been wrapped and enveloped under a silver dome.

The dome shone and was especially beautiful, lighting up the surroundings.

Hu hu hu ~

Hu hu hu ~

Under everyone’s gaze, the crystalline silver substance in the sky began to undergo a new change. Like a reverse silver meteor shower, it quickly gathered at a certain point and gradually formed a huge figure with endless fluorescent light. A powerful aura covered the sky.

This figure was incomparably huge, reaching a hundred meters tall. It was like a god. Its entire body was shining with silver light. Even the Legend Hua and the overlord butterfly she rode in the sky seemed like a baby in front of it.

Below, in the crowd, Shi Yu’s heart raced like everyone else as he quietly looked at the huge figure that appeared in the sky.

It was a butterfly-type creature more than a hundred meters tall. It had two pairs of wings that looked like a silver ocean of feathers. Its body and head couldn’t be seen clearly, but it overall revealed a mysterious and dangerous aura.

Dong Huang’s butterfly guardian, Divine Feather Phoenix Butterfly!

Seeing this creature, everyone held their breaths and didn’t dare to breathe loudly. After all, this was currently the highest level creature in the world.

“Wuu.”

The little sword spirit on Shi Yu didn’t say anything. Baby Ginseng was a little afraid and felt that 100 of itself wasn’t enough for such a creature. Eleven, on the other hand, looked at this huge creature with shining eyes.

It was huge!

Although it could also become so big after getting its enlargement to the “Dao Proficiency” level, this hundred-meter state consumed too much physical strength. Even if it didn’t do anything and only stepped on the ground after enlarging, it wouldn’t last more than a few seconds. Could any creature really maintain this state to fight?

How destructive would the battle be?

“!!!” At the same time, beside Shi Yu, Miao Dongdong’s body trembled in excitement when he saw the butterfly god.

Such a pet was what Beast Tamers should pursue.

Hu hu hu ~

After the Divine Feather Phoenix Butterfly appeared, it didn’t show any special expression. It just continued to flap its wings gently. The endless silver storm turned into a tsunami again and blew. A moment later, not only the sky, but even the ground below the valley turned silver. At this moment, the Beast Tamers standing on the mountain swallowed their saliva.

“Now, you can summon your cocoons. Summon them to the silver area at the foot of the mountain, and you all just stay on the mountain,” Legend Hua said again.

“Yes.”

Many Beast Tamers nodded and listened to Legend Hua’s instructions obediently.

In a moment, countless summoning lights and summoning arrays appeared on the ground at the foot of the mountain.

In the blink of an eye, cocoons appeared in the vast silver area one after another. Tens of thousands of cocoons appeared, and the scene was abnormally shocking.

There were so many cocoons, and they were almost identical. If it weren’t for the contractual connection between Beast Tamers and their pets, after evolution later, Beast Tamers might still be able to find their pets.

“Buggy, you can do it.”

In the crowd, the inconspicuous Shi Yu also summoned the worm. Because of the insufficient location, his summoning array was released very far away. Soon, an alternative Green Silkworm cocoon appeared in the white sea.

At this moment, the worm had just woken up in confusion. However, after discovering its surroundings and discovering that there were oval sleeping white cocoons everywhere, as well as an incomparably huge butterfly in the sky, it suddenly became excited.

“Ji!!!”

Unlike the sleeping cocoons, Buggy looked up at the Divine Feather Phoenix Butterfly, its eyes shining just like Eleven.

Then, Buggy quickly sensed that the layer of silver substance on the ground was very warm, as if it had woven into a soft bed. Moreover, it slowly released a special power that radiated around. This feeling was very similar to when it ate the nutrient fruit back then. Its evolution potential was slowly changing.

It wasn’t the only one. At this moment, every Green Silkworm cocoon could feel the silver land and the silver sky.

It wasn’t just here. The wild Green Silkworm cocoons that were everywhere in the entire Divine Feather Mountain Range also had silver wind blowing beside them and integrating into their bodies.

The Divine Feather Phoenix Butterfly was helping more than 100,000 Green Silkworm cocoons increase their evolution potential by itself to assist in their evolution!

“Wu ~” In the sky, the Divine Feather Phoenix Butterfly seemed to have made a sound for the first time. Its voice was deep and distant like the voice of a whale. After it made a sound, its wings began to spread with light. The wings that were like a silver feather sea seemed to have melted into light spots. The light spots in the sky were like Essence Energy, falling towards the green cocoons like a meteor shower.

“During this process, they will be able to accelerate their growth and absorb the evolution power from the Butterfly Goddess. They will begin to complete the final evolution one after another with different talent potential.” Hua Xiajin smiled and looked down.

It was as if she could already see the spectacular scene of the Butterflies’ evolution.

It was indeed as Legend Flower had said. At this moment, every cocoon was accelerating the absorption of the evolution power that had yet to be absorbed due to the Divine Feather Phoenix Butterfly’s Ascension Talent. Apart from that, this process was even merging the blessings that came from the Butterfly Goddess, increasing its evolutionary potential and absorbing additional evolutionary power.

“Impressive.”

Looking at the silver world in front of them, many Beast Tamers, including professional and master Beast Tamers, were extremely shocked.

Was this the power of a guardian? No wonder it could be called a national guardian.

How much power did it have to bless more than 100,000 cocoons at once?

“I feel that my Green Silkworm will break out of the cocoon soon…” At this moment, Beast Tamers looked down the mountain from various places and spoke if they sensed something.

“Me too.”

“My Green Silkworm’s consciousness has awakened.”

“Mine is trying to awaken a new skill.”

“It’s starting to try to break free of the cocoon!”

Soon, Beast Tamers everywhere revealed looks of surprise and anticipation.

Of course, there were also people who understood the industry and showed disdainful expressions.

If they sensed that its pets were about to evolve so early, this meant that its pet potential was not good.

It reached its limit before it could absorb and bear the butterfly god’s blessing.

Still smiling?

At this moment, nearly ten thousand people sensed the change in their pets.

In fact, their pets were relatively similar.

They didn’t use any special evolution plans. They purely relied on the level of the worm silk to evolve.

Green Silkworm, Wind Crystal Butterfly!

With the Butterfly God’s blessing, even if the Green Silkworm’s worm silk reached perfect level, the Green Silkworm inside might still be able to break free.

Swoosh!!!

Soon after, finally, on the vast silver land, the first cocoon changed.

Chaotic wind blades wrapped around the inside of the cocoon out of thin air. Under the escort of several wind blades and the light of evolution, a Wind Crystal Butterfly broke out of the cocoon and flew into the sky!

Swoosh!!! Swoosh!!! Swoosh!!!

Then, Wind Crystal Butterflies broke out of the cocoons in the same way.

Using the newly awakened racial skill, Wind Blade, they broke the shackles of the cocoon.

The Wind Crystal Butterfly, which was as beautiful as the sky, was extremely beautiful. At this moment, thousands of Wind Crystal Butterflies were the first batch of creatures to evolve. They flew into the sky together, wanting to surround the Divine Feather Phoenix Butterfly and thank it.

“It evolved!”

The evolution of these cocoons seemed to be lit. As a white light lit up, dozens or hundreds of white lights flickered in succession, illuminating the place.

Countless cocoons began to break free. After the butterfly-shaped pets waved their wings a few times in discomfort, they flew up one after another.

From the initial Wind Crystal Butterfly to the later Ice Crystal Butterfly that relied on freezing the cocoon, shattering the ice crystal cocoon, and the Flame Crystal Butterfly that burned the cocoon, the Dark Crystal Butterfly and even the Light Crystal Butterfly that penetrated the cocoon with darkness and light were born one by one.

At this moment, the entire sky above the Butterfly Transformation Valley was covered in the colors of various evolutionary wings. The scene was like a colorful fairyland. It was beautiful.

Looking at the colorful sky, many Beast Tamers could lock onto the figures of their pets, and their hearts rippled.

Shi Yu also saw the changes in these pets through the index. The butterflies that evolved here had surprisingly high energy values, far exceeding pets of the same race.

And this moment had actually just begun.

Next, the birth of various commander races was the highlight.

Its size was even larger. An Ice Crystal Phoenix Butterfly that had reached nearly a meter in both ice and wind appeared. Generally speaking, this was the evolution form of the Wind Crystal Butterfly and Ice Crystal Butterfly. However, a Beast Tamer used a special method to complete the evolution in the first stage.

They came out with a snowstorm, and the scene of breaking out of the cocoon was gorgeous.

There was also suddenly a black-colored mist lingering around the cocoon that had become extremely strange. These cocoons seemed to have been twisted into a terrifying mask by a dark power. After a moment, a butterfly with a left and right wing that seemed to have different patterns, like a skeleton or a beautiful figure was born.

Its entire body was surrounded by an ominous aura. The patterns on its wings were black, yellow, and red. It was blurry and abnormally strange.

It was the middle class commander species Ghost Beauty Butterfly.

Apart from that, there was also a big peacock butterfly with ten eyes on its wings…

Thunder Crown Butterfly, Three-tailed Phoenix Winged Butterfly, Withered Leaf Spirit Butterfly, and Glass Butterfly. Then, various butterflies were born one after another, instantly suppressing the limelight of the transcendent species butterfly breaking out of its cocoon.

In fact, it wasn’t just butterflies. All kinds of moths, beetles, and bees also broke out of cocoons. They had different forms and competed with other pets. The Butterfly Transformation Valley immediately reached the most prosperous scene. Every creature broke out of the cocoon in different ways, and the view was extremely gorgeous.

Unfortunately, there were too many powerful evolution forms. Even if it was a high class commander species butterfly, there were thousands of them here. No evolution form could snatch everyone’s attention.

“My golden-winged Gu has also completed its evolution.”

Miao Dongdong’s gaze immediately locked onto his fingernail-sized Golden Wings Gu from the Ten Thousand Butterflies. Because of the speciality of the Gu worm, its body was very small. Although it had reached the high class commander species, it didn’t cause too much of a commotion. However, Miao Dongdong was still very happy, communicating with the Golden Wings Gu to understand its situation.

Almost all the Beast Tamers who had completed their evolution were sensing the new power of their pets after their evolution.

“Next, the insect world will welcome a new eruption.” In the sky, seeing this scene, Hua Xiajin’s smile remained. Then, her gaze fell on the few pets still in the cocoon.

At this moment…

There were still very few cocoons on the ground.

Some of the Beast Tamers who had completed their evolution shifted their gazes from the sky to the ground.

At this moment, those who had yet to evolve had failed… Or were they maybe still accumulating evolution potential?

“Where’s your cocoon?” Miao Dongdong asked beside Shi Yu.

Shi Yu looked into the distance quietly.

He knew that Buggy was still absorbing the butterfly god’s feather power.

It was like a wolf that couldn’t be full…

At this moment, because the cocoons had become very few, everyone also noticed a strange phenomenon.

“Holy shit!!”

“Holy shit!!!”

Suddenly, someone shouted. They widened their eyes and looked at the constantly moving white cocoon on the ground in shock.

As the other cocoons were lying quietly, there was actually a cocoon running at a low altitude!

Its target seemed to be a place with a richer power of ascension. Every time it stayed in a place with thinner energy, it would immediately roll to another place!

“What’s this!”

What made the tens of thousands of Beast Tamers widen their eyes the most was that this cocoon actually had eyes too.

Not only did it have eyes, but it also had consciousness, absorbing the remaining Feather Energy everywhere.

“Huh? That’s also a Green Silkworm cocoon?”

“Whose is it… Did it evolve or not? Or did it fail to evolve, and became this state?”

At this moment, looking at this strange cocoon, most people were stunned and felt that it was ridiculous.

“F*ck, that cocoon.” Miao Dongdong also widened his eyes. What the hell?

In the next second, he looked at the calm Shi Yu beside him and was stunned.

He opened his mouth slightly and had a feeling that something was wrong.

“Don’t say it. This cocoon is yours?”

Shi Yu was silent because he could sense Buggy’s heart.

At this moment, Buggy looked up at the Divine Feather Phoenix Butterfly in the sky while absorbing the energy that could be perfectly absorbed in the rare cocoon state.

This, this, this…

Butterfly God, let me see your limit!!!

Divine Feather Phoenix Butterfly:??

After so long, even if it had to take care of the hundreds of thousands of insect cocoons in the Divine Feather Mountain Range at the same time, the butterfly god should have discovered the abnormality of the insect.

It looked at Buggy in silence, a little puzzled.

Seeing this freak, the Butterfly God almost thought that its Beast Tamer had returned and cultivated some strange breed.

“It seems to have attracted a lot of attention. Many people are probably curious about its Beast Tamer now.” In the sky, Legend Hua watched the show quietly.

Those who had yet to break out of their cocoons should have the potential of monarchs.

Countless people were attracted by the worm, but not long after, the creature that started breaking out of the cocoons diverted their attention.

The Space Crystal Butterfly of the spatial element, the Yin Yang Butterfly of the light and darkness coexistence, the Ice Fire Twin Butterfly that evolved into two bodies at once, the Hidden Spirit Butterfly that abandoned its body to transform into a spiritual body, and the Fairy Butterfly that transformed into an elemental life form. The evolution forms of various races that could be said to be at the level of pseudo monarchs appeared one after another at this moment.

Under the blessing of the Butterfly God, it was not a problem to say that their race was a low-level monarch race.

These evolutionary masters had always been paying attention to their pets and weren’t attracted by the strange worm cocoon. Until their pets evolved, they all smiled.

At this moment, strange phenomena appeared in Butterfly Valley.

However, just as these butterflies that had reached the potential of monarchs were about to bloom with their own light, an even greater aura erupted.

A phoenix cry suddenly came from a cocoon that was lying quietly somewhere!!

Then, the surroundings of the cocoon quickly changed. The terrifying frost immediately froze the silver ground, as if it had created an even more snow-white world!

In an instant, with it as the center, a range of hundreds of meters instantly became a snow domain!

Such a huge change instantly attracted everyone’s attention. This evolution phenomenon completely suppressed the other evolutionary cocoons and immediately became the focus of everyone’s attention!

“What happened?”

Countless people looked at this cocoon in disbelief.

That wave just now…

“This aura.” Hua Xiajin’s gaze landed on a girl in a blue dress surrounded by countless people.

She was in her early twenties, and her appearance was cold and beautiful. She watched the changes on the field like an iceberg beauty.

“It’s time to evolve, Ice Phoenix Moth.” At this moment, no matter how cold her aura was, she still smiled as the cocoon changed.

This stage should be prepared for her.

Ten years ago, her mother discovered the evolution method of the monarch race, the Ice Phoenix Moth, and her name spread throughout the world.

And today, she wanted to use the evolution method developed by her mother to obtain the recognition of the Butterfly Goddess and become a female expert like the legend of Hua Xiajin!

“It’s Dr. Zuo Jiangyun’s daughter.” Hua Xiajin quickly recognized the origin of this cocoon and its Beast Tamer and couldn’t help but smile.

Amidst the incomparably huge commotion, soon, in the snow world, this Ice Phoenix Moth broke out of its cocoon.

Originally, without the butterfly god’s blessing, relying on the transcendent worm silk and ice phoenix materials, it could evolve into a true monarch race. Now, because of the butterfly god’s blessing, this Ice Phoenix Moth’s potential would only be higher, reaching middle-level monarch or even high-level monarch race!

Under the lingering phoenix cry and snow, what broke out of the cocoon seemed to be a phoenix instead of a butterfly. However, it had only used some phoenix materials, and it was only a phase of evolution. It was definitely far from the point where it could transcend species and change races.

It was similar to the method of breaking out of the cocoon of the Ice Crystal Butterfly and the Ice Crystal Phoenix Butterfly. Soon, its cocoon was also frozen into ice before shattering. With the crack and the incomparable evolution light, a huge Ice Phoenix Moth about three to four meters tall appeared in everyone’s vision!

It had a blue body and wings that were like phoenix feathers. Its figure was incomparably cold and proud. It was born along with the crystalline snow and wind and instantly became the focus of the entire world. Even the Butterfly God acknowledged the potential of the Ice Phoenix Moth.

The limelight of the other evolution forms was all suppressed by it.

At this moment, in theory, there were no other cocoons.

But in fact, it wasn’t that there wasn’t a cocoon anymore.

On the silver ground, the worm glanced at the Ice Phoenix Moth and continued to absorb the last bit of Feather Energy. Because it was very conscious, its absorption efficiency was much faster than other cocoons. Moreover, it had been searching for places with abundant energy. The energy it absorbed at this moment was countless times more than other pets.

The butterfly god wasn’t helping it specifically, so Buggy could only work hard on its own.

After the Ice Phoenix Moth completed its evolution, Buggy finally felt that its body had reached saturation. This time, it had completely unearthed its evolution potential.

“Evolve,” Shi Yu thought when he saw this.

His attention, Eleven, Baby Ginseng, and the others were one of the few that weren’t attracted by the Ice Phoenix Moth.

It had been watching Buggy the whole time, waiting for it to complete its final accumulation!

“Ji!” Buggy transmitted telepathy and slowly closed its eyes. At this moment, it completely activated all its strength!

At this moment, everyone was still immersed in the beauty and power of the Ice Phoenix Moth.

But at the next moment, something unexpected happened.

Boom!!!!

In an instant, a huge aura erupted from the last Green Silkworm cocoon on the ground.

It forced everyone to pay attention to it.

An incomparable aura shot into the sky, accompanied by a huge deterrence, shocking everyone.

Why was there still a Green Silkworm that had yet to evolve? Moreover, this might, what was going on…

“It’s that insect cocoon with eyes that had been running around previously.” At that moment, everyone was stunned. They looked at the cocoon that had acted extremely unscientific just now in confusion.

At this moment, its behavior was even more unscientific.

Under everyone’s gaze, the cocoon slowly rose into the sky with a blue light and flew higher.

It flew up.

“Holy shit.”

Many people were stunned, and then they looked at the ground and the sky. So, the Ice Phoenix Moth wasn’t the last to evolve?

That insect cocoon that could run with its eyes open had yet to evolve?

Was it about to evolve too?

“What exactly is this…” Legend Hua took a deep breath and looked at the Butterfly God.

However, at this moment, the butterfly god’s mood was not calm either.

It felt like this little guy flew into the sky with the goal of absorbing more of its power…

Ridiculous.

Moreover, it had expected every evolution form of the more than 100,000 cocoons present. However, to be honest, it couldn’t understand why this one would evolve.

“What’s going on?” The Ice Phoenix Moth’s Beast Tamer frowned.

“Senior Sister Xia, that cocoon is a little strange…” A student from Demon Capital University said to the talented girl of Demon Capital University, Xia Qingwei.

Xia Qingwei was silent as she sensed the message sent by the Ice Phoenix Moth.

At this moment, although the worm was still evolving, the Ice Phoenix Moth that had already completed its evolution was actually also shocked by the huge might emitted by the worm, giving rise to a feeling of wanting to submit.

The feeling described by the Ice Phoenix Moth made her feel that it was incomprehensible.

In fact, although the Ten Thousand Butterfly Dance was beautiful in front of them, the highest they could reach was only at the transcendent level. At this moment, as a commander rank worm with perfect level deterrence, even if it didn’t evolve, its strength would definitely crush every pet present.

Boom!

Under countless gazes, the strange cocoon in everyone’s eyes began to evolve.

Its entire body emitted an evolutionary light that shot into the sky like its aura. At this moment, everyone’s eyes suddenly widened, revealing an incredulous shocked expression, because…

“Heavens, heavens, the sky, the sky split open!!”

Looking at the silver sky that had cracked because of a spatial crack and the shattered space, everyone’s mouths widened. What exactly happened? Why, why did the evolution of this cocoon crack the silver sky created by the butterfly god??

Divine Feather Butterfly:!!!

Not only were the people shocked, the butterfly god suddenly felt that something was wrong.

Impossible. With this commander rank cocoon, even if it reached the monarch rank, it would definitely not be able to cause such a huge change.

What evolution materials had it absorbed?

At this moment, the Divine Feather Butterfly suddenly felt a trace of dragon might on the evolution cocoon.

It was even purer, stronger, and denser than the Phoenix might on the Ice Phoenix Moth just now!

This cocoon, the evolution ingredient, had absorbed dragon-type power?

Moreover, it seemed to be the power left behind by the dragon race above it at a very high bloodline level!

Crack!! Crack!! Crack!!!

In the light of evolution, Buggy’s deterrence completely erupted.

The tens of thousands of evolution butterflies present couldn’t help but dance for the evolution of the worm.

The deterrence power of a perfect-level deterrence against its own race, and it was a deterrence that crossed a large level. Even if Buggy didn’t have this thought, these evolution butterflies couldn’t help but look at the mutation of the cocoon in the sky in admiration and dance to express their congratulations.

Even the Ice Phoenix Moth lowered its stance slightly at this moment and left the spotlight for this mysterious cocoon.

“Ten thousand butterflies dancing together, the birth of an overlord.”

In the crowd, many experienced masters and even Legend Huas took a deep breath when they saw this scene and revealed shocked expressions.

That cocoon was going to evolve into an overlord race?

Apart from the legend of Hua Xiajin, everyone felt that it was impossible, because this violated the evolution law set by Senior Lin Feng!

How could a Green Silkworm skip two large stages of evolution to become an overlord race!

This didn’t make sense!

But the scene in front of them, the scene of ten thousand butterflies dancing together to celebrate, couldn’t help but make them confused.

“Impossible.” The Beast Tamers, led by Xia Qingwei, who had evolved into butterflies with monarch potential, looked at the scene in front of them in disbelief. They looked at their sincere pets in disbelief and felt that the scene in front of them was ridiculous.

They were all super geniuses, so how could they accept this situation?

It would be fine if it was the butterfly god, but what was wrong with this cocoon!

The evolution light was still fermenting, and the changes were also continuing to upgrade. At this moment, not only was the sky splitting, but the surroundings of the cocoon were also filled with dense spatial cracks. It was difficult to imagine that this was the power that a green worm could awaken after evolution.

At this moment, countless information started to feedback to Shi Yu from Buggy.

Skill: Thieving Dream

[Level]: Advanced

Introduction: A spirit-type skill. It can enter the dreams of other life forms and pry into their secrets. It can also replicate their dream illusions and create its own dream world.

…

Skill: Space Pocket

[Level]: Advanced

< Introduction > It’s a spatial skill. Opening the inner space can be used for storage.

…

Buggy began to awaken new racial skills one after another. Shi Yu’s expression gradually became happy.

Thieving Dream, it was here!

Spatial pocket? It came from the root of the grotto-heaven tree, right?

Would it conflict with the ruin ring?

It was completely impossible. It could allow the worm to store huge energy crystals in its body. Top-notch resources like the Ice Dragon Whiskers could allow the worm to have the most perfect ability to materialize illusions at any time and anywhere. It was simply made for it!

It was equivalent to opening a pile of equipment for Buggy to wear infinitely!

Beside Shi Yu, Miao Dongdong had always been suspicious of this strange cocoon. At this moment, when he saw Shi Yu smile, he trembled. Damn it.

The evolution awakening continued.

Soon, Shi Yu received the feedback of the first super skill.

Skill: Imagination Domain

[Level]: Super level

< Introduction > It’s a spiritual and spatial skill that overlaps the dream and illusion worlds with reality. In the Imagination Domain, the user grasps the power of imagination. All factors, including environment, space, change, and so on, will change because of the user’s will. Moreover, in the Imagination Domain, the user’s mental strength will undergo a qualitative change.

Shi Yu:!!!!

“Good job!”

He really wanted to praise Buggy for being awesome. This super skill… This super skill was simply the perfect upper level of illusions. This was simply a god-like ability, and it even perfectly included various weather skills and venue skills.

And this was still not the end.

“Roar!!!!”

At this moment, a dragon might bloomed in the sky. It wasn’t from the cocoon, but from the Worm’s evolution. The Imagination Domain unconsciously spread to the outside world. At this moment, the sky was already dark. Dark clouds lingered. Under the influence of its deterrence and the power of Imagination, rain fell from the sky.

Everyone watched the weather change in shock.

Even Eleven, Baby Ginseng, and Chi Tong couldn’t help but look at Buggy. Why did Buggy evolve into a monster?

At this moment, in the sky, in the dark clouds, a phantom figure was vaguely visible, gradually forming a dragon phantom.

Shi Yu was stunned because this wasn’t the ice dragon that Buggy had once transformed into, but an unknown dragon.

At this moment, even Shi Yu, the Beast Tamer, was a little stunned. But soon, he thought of the mysterious dragon ball that the worm had absorbed.

Could it be that it was the owner of the Dragon Ball

The phantom in the sky was a huge dragon-shaped body covered in blue and white dragon scales, a huge Eastern dragon.

It kept floating and circling in the sky, the scales on its body shining, dazzling the spectators. Under their gazes, it was as if they were pulled into another world.

Countless people sensed the huge dragon might and terrifying magic power of this divine dragon and couldn’t help but be stunned for a moment.

What the hell was this evolution phenomenon!!!

Was this still the evolution of the Green Silkworm?

What the heck!

“Roar!!!”

A moment later, with a roar from the divine dragon, the evolution light of the insect cocoon was released to the limit. It was incomparable and huge. Seeing this, the divine dragon phantom immediately flew into the light, as if it had become nutrients for evolution and fused into it.

The scaled claws pierced through the nine heavens, the coiling beast tied itself to the clouds.

As the divine dragon integrated, the information of the last super skill appeared in Shi Yu’s mind.

Skill: Dragon of Imagination

[Level]: Super level

< Introduction > It’s a combination of spiritual, spatial, and dragon skills. Through the power of imagination, it can transform its physique into the body of a divine dragon. It has true attributes, physique, energy, life force, and dragon might that are comparable to dragons. It’s an ability to compare and surpass dragons.

When trained to perfection, it could evolve into a dragon and break through the limit of the skill. It would surpass the dragon race and reach the extreme, walking out of its own path.

This was… a super evolution skill!

At this moment, Shi Yu was completely stunned. He didn’t expect Buggy to be so powerful. He had never heard of this skill.

Boom!!!

Just as Shi Yu was feeling extremely pleasantly surprised, Buggy’s main body finally broke out of the cocoon.

Its huge body was not inferior to the Ice Phoenix Moth from before. It reached three to four meters and was a huge butterfly. After evolution, the worm had a blue and white body like the divine dragon just now, and its figure was like a dream.

It was large and gorgeous, with a shining metal-like blue luster and a white luster. It was extremely beautiful. The entire surface of its wings was like white waves surging on a blue sea. Its color and patterns were very spectacular, completely exceeding any previous evolution form.

On the surface of the huge wing, it was even more like a string of beautiful white halos embedded in the blue sky. It was extremely gorgeous and had an elegant figure. When it spread its wings, it was like a peacock spreading its tail, but its incomparably huge body also seemed to contain the powerful magic power of a divine dragon, shocking everyone.

Boom!!!!

After the worm evolved, its aura erupted again. The Butterfly God was shocked. All the Beast Tamers looked at everything in disbelief. In front of Shi Yu, the worm’s current energy level was jumping crazily.

[Energy Points]: 141112

There were still the four newly awakened racial skills. Before they had been upgraded, there were an additional 100,000 energy points than before. It had already exceeded the energy value of Eleven and the ginseng baby. It was a proper overlord race, and it was definitely not as simple as a low-level overlord race.

Spirit, space, and dragon… Such powerful three attributes combined…

Buggy’s current battle power was definitely not weak.

“I’ll call you the Butterfly of Imagination,” Shi Yu looked at the huge evolution body and muttered to himself.

Eleven, Baby Ginseng, and Little Chi Tong looked at the worm in a daze and felt that it was alright!

Beside him, Miao Dongdong looked at Shi Yu with an explosive gaze. His arm and fingers trembled as he pointed at Shi Yu.

At this moment, the nearly 100,000 Beast Tamers present were all crazy. They looked at this huge butterfly and lost the ability to think.

This, what was this?!

What race was this butterfly from?

Who, who was its Beast Tamer???

Countless people looked at the Butterfly of Imagination in confusion.

At this moment, Legend Hua was also extremely shocked. She looked at the Imagination Butterfly and swallowed her saliva. She felt that this guy’s potential completely exceeded her Myriad Flower Butterfly Fairy King.

And this was still before he accepted the butterfly god’s gift. There was definitely no surprise. Shi Yu and the others were the real protagonists in this Butterfly Meeting!

“Follow me.” At this moment, the Butterfly Meeting had completely ended. The guardian-level Divine Feather Phoenix Butterfly, which could also be said to be at the totem level, looked at Buggy and Legend Hua in silence. Its gaze even crossed the sea of people and landed on Shi Yu, instantly locking onto the Beast Tamer of the Imaginary Butterfly.

It transmitted telepathy.

It made Shi Yu, the Butterfly of Imagination, and the others leave with it.

At this moment, Shi Yu patted Miao Dongdong’s shoulder, raised his finger in front of him, and shushed him.

“I’ll leave first. Don’t sell my information. I’ll finish writing the thesis first.” Shi Yu didn’t want to be disturbed unprepared.

Then, he smiled and slowly disappeared. Buggy instantly teleported to him, leaving behind a stunned Miao Dongdong.

He regretted following Shi Yu. This fellow didn’t want to be human!!!

At this moment, the Divine Feather Phoenix Butterfly turned into a silver breeze again and led the way for Shi Yu and the others.

As Shi Yu appeared on the Butterfly of Imagination, everyone saw this mysterious Beast Tamer in a black and red battle suit. Unfortunately, they couldn’t see his appearance.

Xia Qingwei and the others were shocked. They clenched their fists. Who exactly was this person?

That pet, that pet, could anyone nurture it?

An overlord race!

Moreover, it was definitely not just a low-level overlord.

He actually broke the evolution law set by Legend Ln Feng?

At this moment, countless people were shocked. A huge commotion arose in the sea of people.

“The Butterfly Meeting has ended. Everyone, leave in an orderly manner,” Hua Xiajin said before looking in the direction of Shi Yu and the others.

The figures of the Butterfly of Imagination, Shi Yu, and the others slowly disappeared from everyone’s vision with the silver wind. When she recalled that the Butterfly God had even called her, Legend Hua couldn’t help but calm his churning heart and follow.

At this moment, Shi Yu was smiling very happily as he sat on Buggy. Eleven and Baby Ginseng were also jumping around.

“Wu ~” Buggy’s light voice sounded, thanking Shi Yu, Eleven, and Baby Ginseng.

At this moment, when they heard the cry of the worm, Eleven and Baby Ginseng looked at each other.

Oh shit, it was over.

Wuji Airlines and the Yiji combination. Pa, gone!

Buggy:???

It had already evolved, so who would still do that!

Shi Yu smiled. After discovering that there weren’t many changes to Buggy’s evolution, he was in a very good mood. Speaking of which, shouldn’t he arrange for Buggy to learn multiplication? This was too big, and it wasn’t easy to keep it in his pocket.

“How do you feel?” Shi Yu asked Buggy.

Buggy’s eyes flickered. The image of itself being patted off the tree by the leader, then turned into a cocoon and broke out of the cocoon appeared in its mind.. It nodded heavily. It was very strong now, and it already had invincible strength!