Chapter 193 - Third Breakthrough

Chapter 193: Third Breakthrough

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

After Shi Yu revealed the subsequent trip to Divine Capital and the team’s internal meeting plans, every pet was excited.

Eleven and Baby Ginseng worked even harder for new super skills.

Buggy’s daydreaming became more and more serious.

Only the little sword spirit was still lying in the ice without any worries and watching cartoons.

Little Chi Tong: “Beautiful Swordsman” is so beautiful!

Just like Shi Yu, he could transform.

Moreover, he could change instantly!

The little sword spirit thought about it. What could it do? After possessing Shi Yu, could it also change him?

At this moment, Shi Yu also made the final sprint.

Meditation!

He was about to strengthen the Beast Taming Space to level four. He needed one or two days.

This was also why Shi Yu decided to leave in three days.

Only when his level reached the standard would there be no accidents where Buggy evolution was too fierce while the Beast Tamer was too weak, unable to stimulate all its potential.

After all, after the worm evolved this time, it was very likely to be at the overlord race’s commander level. Shi Yu relied on the current level-three Beast Taming Space and the level of an intermediate Beast Tamer to maintain the contract. It was very difficult.

But if he advanced to a high-level Beast Tamer, it would be much better.

…

Two days later.

The color of Shi Yu’s Beast Taming Space Crystal Wall completely turned green.

Colorless, gray, white, green, blue, purple… Green corresponded to the fourth level of the Beast Tamer, advanced Beast Tamer.

Under normal circumstances, he could perfectly control commander rank pets!

If he took another step forward, he would be a master-level Beast Tamer.

This was another challenge.

During the process of strengthening spatial levels, there were different levels for Beast Tamers from level three to four, from level four to five, from level six to level seven. The difficulty was very high.

Because the difference between level four and level three was whether it could control commander-level pets.

The difference between level five and level four was whether it could control monarch-level pets.

Level-seven… was the overlord level pets.

Shi Yu used a total of three months to go from level three to level four under the enhancement of the five buffs from the ruins meditation technique, Calming Heart Concentration Sachets, Ethereal Spirit Stone, super physique, pet breakthrough, and evolution feedback!

This time was very fast, but also very slow.

Compared to other Beast Tamers, it was naturally very fast, but with Shi Yu having so many buffs, it seemed very slow.

Although Shi Yu had too many things to do and didn’t spend most of his energy on meditation…

However, if he continued with this efficiency, Shi Yu thought for a moment. It would probably be even harder to break through to the master level.

It was at least five times the current time, which was… fifteen months?

“Monarchs and commander ranks are completely on different levels. With Eleven and the others’ races, after breaking through, their energy values will be in the millions. Even with the ginseng baby, no matter how strong my physique is, if I’m restricted by the contract, Eleven and the others probably won’t be able to break through to the monarch rank before I become a master.”

If he forcefully broke through, it wouldn’t be as simple as Shi Yu being squeezed dry. Instead, the contract would automatically break. The Beast Taming Space would shatter and fall. Shi Yu would suffer a backlash and suffer a huge blow to his vitality. It was serious and might even endanger his life.

Shi Yu’s expression darkened when he thought of that situation.

“My speed is still too slow.”

“Looks like I have to increase the proportion of meditation time. In addition, the Ethereal Spirit Stone should be exchanged for other high-level spatial resources.”

For example, the root of the Grotto-Heaven Tree, one of the evolution materials of the worm, could strengthen the Beast Taming Space. However, it was worth hundreds of millions. Ordinary people really couldn’t afford to use it.

However, if he couldn’t afford it, Shi Yu had to buy some.

If he continued to increase points and meditate like this, Shi Yu felt that he would be the first Beast Tamer to suddenly die because he cultivated his pet too well.

2

This was too tragic.

“Wu…” After breaking through, Shi Yu looked at the spatial environment and clenched his fist. He was sure that his upper limit of physique had been broken again and he could continue to increase the strength of his physique through the additional points. This was very comfortable.

Apart from that, he could also contract Little Chi Tong now…

…

Little Chi Tong was still watching the cartoon. Shi Yu had appeared behind it without anyone noticing.

Buzz…

The little sword spirit quickly turned around.

Chi Tong: “!!!”

What was wrong!

It wasn’t addicted, there was no need for curfew!

In order to let Little Chi Tong sleep enough, Shi Yu gave it limited time to watch cartoons every day.

“Not this.” Shi Yu smiled and activated the fourth contract slot.

A breeze blew, and the curtains fluttered. The contract halo appeared beside the little sword spirit.

“Mi?” Little Chi Tong was stunned before quickly reacting.

It condensed a surprised expression with flames.

Shi Yu had broken through?

“Yes.” Shi Yu smiled and said, “Sorry, I made you wait three months.”

“Mi!” The little sword spirit entered the halo without hesitation.

Under the envelopment of the contract halo, Little Chi Tong quickly turned into light dots and was contracted by Shi Yu to enter the Beast Taming Space.

At the same time.

In the charging room of Ancient Capital University, Eleven, who was holding the charging cable, looked up slightly.

In the plant garden, the ginseng baby, who was gathering anti-buggy materials, also raised its head and looked into the distance.

In the dormitory, Buggy woke up from its sleep.

They all looked in Shi Yu’s direction.

Eleven and Baby Ginseng smiled slightly, while Buggy’s eyes flickered with joy.

Not only had Shi Yu broken through, Little Chi Tong had also officially been contracted!

At this moment, among Shi Yu’s pets, only Eleven, Baby Ginseng, and Buggy had a mental connection. Now, there was another little sword spirit.

If the Beast Tamer didn’t forcefully distort the will of the beasts, then the feelings between the different pets contracted by the Beast Tamer were more like siblings.

Life and life would develop new emotions because of the Beast Tamer bond.

“My soul power has increased.”

At this moment, just as he finished contracting Chi Tong, Shi Yu felt his soul power suddenly increase.

And it was still being nourished!

As a pet of the undead family, the most direct feedback Chi Tong could give to Beast Tamers was the increase in soul power!

Shi Yu smiled. This way, it was easier to possess him.

The condition for the possession of the undead was that the physique and soul power of the Beast Tamer reached the standard!

“Eh, you broke through too?”

After the surprise, Shi Yu was suddenly stunned. He sensed that Little Chi Tong was undergoing some changes in the Beast Taming Space.

He quickly summoned Little Chi Tong.

At this moment, compared to the size of the fruit knife at the Awakening level, Little Chi Tong had already grown to the size of a short sword the length of an arm.

Although there were no flames on the dark red sword hilt and the fiery red sword body, the soul was burning hot wherever his gaze landed.

“Mi ~” Little Chi Tong let out a happy cry.

After receiving the nourishment of the Beast Taming Space, it almost reached the transcendent level from the awakening level without any bottlenecks.

[Name]: Sword Spirit (Chi Tong)

[Level of Growth]: transcendent

[Energy Points]: 10,000

“10,000…” Shi Yu was slightly stunned when he saw the change in Little Chi Tong.

As expected of a high-level overlord race’s sword spirit, the race closest to myth.

It had just reached the transcendent level and had yet to be strengthened with racial skills, but its energy level had already reached the lowest standard of a commander rank!

Perhaps after Little Chi Tong reached commander rank, he really had hope of using it to chase after Eleven, Buggy, and Ginseng Baby?

At the same time, Buggy, who had just entered to congratulate them, suddenly stiffened.

It saw Shi Yu smiling foolishly at the ceiling in the room. It revealed a frightened expression and quickly retreated.

It was better to continue sleeping. Shi Yu, who had just broken through, looked a little abnormal.

…

“Speaking of which, there should be five new pages in the skill index.”

A moment later, Shi Yu returned to his senses.

In the past three months, he had emptied many pages.

Now that he had five new pages, he immediately felt the pressure decrease.

“By the way, let’s see if we can teach super skills now.”

Shi Yu suddenly thought of something and quickly opened the skill index.

Shi Yu had already opened the skill index thousands of times, but during this meditation, Shi Yu suddenly realized that something was wrong.

In the space in his mind, an even darker rhombus pattern appeared on the black stone index book skin compared to before.

“What the hell?”

The skill index… changed with his breakthrough?!!

Shi Yu was stunned. It was common knowledge that the Beast Taming Talent would strengthen as the Beast Tamer’s level increased.

For example, Fu Dian’s White Thunder Talent might only be equivalent to an entry-level super skill in his current state, but as his strength increased, the subsequent development of his talent might have an effect equivalent to a proficient, expert, or even perfect super skill!

Similarly, those strengthening talents would also be more effective as the Beast Tamer level increased.

Shi Yu originally thought that the embodiment of the upgrade of the skill index was to increase the page count, but at this moment, as he flipped to the first page, he immediately realized his mistake!

In the pitch-black Sea of Consciousness, the black index floated there. Shi Yu revealed a shocked expression.

The skill index… had upgraded a function!

Skill: Deterrence

[Skill Level]

[Introduction]

[Status]

Apart from the basic information, there was a new column on the skill index.

It was not the occasional [Cooldown Time], but the [Teaching Method]!!

[General Teaching Method]: After absorbing the spiritual power of a creature of the spiritual royal family (a race with deterrence as a racial skill), one can break through the growth level under the deterrence of an expert level and above. There is a chance of awakening the deterrence skill. The awakening probability depends on the compatibility of the pet talent, pet race, and pet race with this skill.

Looking at the so-called “universal teaching method”, Shi Yu was stunned.

He quickly flipped through a few pages. Be it multiplication, impregnable, or Energy Fruit, apart from the super skills Plant Control, Inner Power, and Heavenly Frost Cold Energy, under every low, mid, and high-level skill that had been recorded, a [Universal Teaching Method] appeared!!

Shi Yu naturally understood what this was…

The index was updated. Even without the special power of the index, some pets could learn the “universal skills”!!

Shi Yu rubbed his eyes.

“This is… Is this for me to change my profession to a skill teacher???”

Skill teachers and evolution planners were both branches of Feeders.

For example, the evolution plan of the Goddess of Light Butterfly that Lu Qingyi gave Shi Yu back then was created by an evolution planner.

As for skill teachers, they were naturally the professions that taught other pets to learn skills and increase skill proficiency.

These two professions… were both known as the Beast Tamer deputy positions that earned the most money and had the highest status.

At this moment, as he looked at the new function of the index, Shi Yu, who had graduated from the Feeding Department, fell into deep thought.

He kept feeling that his identity as a graduate of the Feeding Department would be even more solid.

The new version of the skill index had been updated. He couldn’t not use it, right? It was also good to sell some skill manuals to earn extra money.

“Archeologists who don’t want to be feeders aren’t good Beast Tamers?”