Chapter 192 - First Team Meeting Plan

Chapter 192: First Team Meeting Plan

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Not long after, Eleven and Baby Ginseng returned.

Eleven, who was about 0.4 meters tall, pushed the door open.

In these three months, with the enhancement of proficiency, Eleven’s size for training was no longer one meter.

According to unscientific experiments, 0.4 meters was the best condition for its current training efficiency and restraint.

This state was purely cute.

Handsome value -10, cuteness+10.

“Mm!”

With the electromagnetic levitation in hand, Eleven didn’t have to worry about movement difficulties.

When he returned, Eleven flew to the fridge and took out a bottle of bamboo juice.

After drinking it, it smiled in satisfaction.

“Ha…”

Beside Eleven, Baby Ginseng, who was also about 0.4 meters tall, was also holding a bottle of frozen soda.

After taking a sip, it revealed a refreshed expression.

Nothing could be happier than drinking a cold drink after training and learning!

“Meeting, meeting, meeting!!!”

After Eleven and Baby Ginseng were done, Shi Yu’s voice suddenly sounded in the huge student villa.

The two pets were stunned. They immediately obeyed the summon and ran over.

Moments later, four pets surrounded Shiyu, who was sitting on the bed.

Eleven hugged the bamboo juice.

Baby Ginseng hugged its soda.

Little Chi Tong hugged the ice.

Buggy lay on the bed like a patient.

They looked up at Shi Yu. What was it?!

“It’s nothing. I’ve decided to leave for Divine Capital in three days. Prepare yourselves.”

“Eleven, change your training plan.”

“Baby Ginseng, go and apply for leave too.” Shi Yu pointed at the calendar.

“Roar!” Eleven agreed!

It could train anywhere!

However, before leaving, it had to leave enough training missions for the three little iron-eating beasts. This was the most important thing.

“Yi!!”

Baby Ginseng also said that there was no problem. It had already finished its preparatory lessons for this semester, so it wasn’t a big problem to miss a few.

“That’s good.” Shi Yu chuckled.

“Then I’ll talk about something else.”

“You’ve improved quite a lot in the past three months, right?”

Eleven, Buggy, and Baby Ginseng revealed unquestionable expressions.

With the nutritional supplements of the ginseng baby and Shi Yu’s physique improving, the efficiency of time and space would increase exponentially.

These three months had made Eleven, Baby Ginseng, and Buggy beautiful.

For example, Eleven and Baby Ginseng had already reached the battle power level of a “quasi monarch”.

Their energy level had reached more than 100,000, and both had mastered a high-level profundity. They could probably exchange a few moves with ordinary monarch level battle power alone and wouldn’t be defeated too quickly.

Ordinary Monarchs referred to the weakest Monarchs with an energy value below 1,000,000 and ones that hadn’t mastered super skills or high-level profundities.

Of course, Eleven and Baby Ginseng were not sure how far they could fight. After all, they had never really fought.

“Ji…” On Buggy’s side, it muttered to himself.

Although it was in its cocoon form and didn’t have high combat power, it should be able to surpass Eleven and the Ginseng Baby after evolution, right?

Its energy value had increased by more than 10,000 compared to when it first turned into a cocoon!

40,000!

If it were to triple after evolution, it wouldn’t be inferior to Eleven and the ginseng baby.

After three months of accumulation, Buggy believed that it wouldn’t be weak after evolution.

Buggy had finished absorbing the evolutionary power two months ago and could break out of the cocoon at any time.

However, in order to wait for the so-called Butterfly Meeting, Shi Yu and the others forcefully endured for nearly three months.

This was also the reason why Buggy was so calm now.

Its Dao heart had been tempered steadily.

In the cocoon state, apart from the evolutionary nutrition that came with it, the efficiency of the insects absorbing nutrition from the outside world was not high.

Apart from adding points.

The additional points of the skill index could perfectly transform the power of Time and Ginseng Baby into skill proficiency, increasing the evolutionary foundation of Buggy.

Therefore, in order to let Buggy evolve with a super invincible foundation, Shi Yu’s main target for these three months was Buggy.

Although he had added Eleven and Baby Ginseng many times, Buggy was undoubtedly the most favored during this period.

Even if the impact of non-racial skills on attributes was inferior to race skills, it still depended on how far Shiyu had added.

Now that he was covered in level skills, Buggy was still very willing to believe that it would be invincible very quickly after evolution.

Eleven was confident because of the high intensity training.

Baby Ginseng was confident because it had studied a few secret trump cards that could suppress Eleven and Buggy through knowledge.

As for Buggy, it was confident because it was about to complete the strongest evolution.

The three pets were full of confidence.

However, although they were very confident in their strength, they actually didn’t know much about their teammates’ strength.

In these three months, the three pets had almost no chance to communicate and fight.

Buggy was nourishing its body, and Baby Ginseng was researching secret weapons. Eleven was using the training facilities of the Ancient Capital University to train.

Whoever had the best enhancement effect… If they didn’t spar, even Shi Yu couldn’t analyze it 100% correctly.

“Seeing how confident you are… How about this…”

“Remember the ‘team internal competition’ I mentioned previously?” Shi Yu grinned.

Eleven, Bug, and Baby Ginseng looked up at the same time with serious expressions.

Could it be…

“When we return from Divine Capital and Buggy evolves, let’s hold an internal team competition…”

“At that time, I’ll give you a rank for your combat strength.”

“Let me think. Since it’s a competition, there must be a reward.”

“I wonder when I can teach super skills…”

“The reward for the first meeting will be this. The winner will be rewarded with a super skill. How about that?” Shi Yu smiled faintly.

“At that time, the type of skill will be an attack skill. As for a support skill or whatever, you can choose for yourself.”

“This is the benefit of the strongest.”

“Ying!” “Ji!” “Yi!” Eleven, Buggy, and Baby Ginseng’s eyes turned red.

Super skill!

Up until now, only Eleven had mastered the ability to hold back, while Baby Ginseng had only mastered the source of life.

These two super skills were undoubtedly their current core abilities.

Although the proficiency was only at the beginner level, the power of super skills made all their tactics revolve around those skills.

Eleven’s explosive strength that exceeded the limit, Baby Ginseng’s powerful self-healing and supplement effects, were all because of super skills.

They naturally knew that super skills were good stuff.

And Buggy without a super skill… Although it felt that it could also awaken after evolution, it wouldn’t complain about too many super skills.

The reward of a super skill made the three pets excited.

This was the effect that Shi Yu wanted.

Buggy glanced at Eleven and the ginseng baby, calculating how far it had to evolve to defeat them.

The leader of the team had been sitting on the throne for too long. It was time for this empire to change hands.

“Yi…”

Baby Ginseng pushed its glasses. The team meeting, the chance to test his learning results, was finally here.

it didn’t know if the anti-Eleven Energy Fruits and Anti-Buggy Energy Fruits it had secretly studied would be effective.

“Wuu…”

Eleven was originally quite excited and planned to use an interesting skill, but suddenly, its body trembled.

It felt an unknown gaze.

Eleven quickly turned around and saw Baby Ginseng whistling as if nothing had happened. Buggy was also lying quietly without any ambition.

Eleven fell into deep thought and rubbed its head.

At this moment, only Little Chi Tong was confused.

“Mi ~”

Team internal competition, super skills. What were those? Could they be eaten?

With three super skills, it had always been like a bystander when Shi Yu spoke.

“Are you participating?” Shi Yu smiled at his daughter.

[Name]: Sword Spirit (Chi Tong)

Attributes: Spirit, Fire

Race Level: High-Level Overlord

< Name > Iron-eating Beast

1

[Skill]: Soul Slaying (Initiate), Possession (Initiate), Light Flame Sword (Initiate), Interlocking Sword (Initiate), Sun Flame (Initiate), Spirit Dissection (Initiate)

Energy: 2000

1

For the past three months, Shi Yu had never let Little Chi Tong train.

Although he didn’t receive any additional points or do any training and only ate normally every day, Little Chi Tong was also about to break through to the transcendent level. Shi Yu couldn’t help but sigh at the power of a high-level overlord race.

Moreover, its energy level could already break commander races…

So strong…

However, compared to the battle power of Eleven, Baby Ginseng, and Buggy, it was definitely still much weaker.

It was the same even if it broke through to the transcendent level… Unless, if it possessed him, his battle power would increase. It was equivalent to the combined power of Shi Yu and the Sword Spirit.

“Mi ~!!!”

After Shi Yu spoke, Little Chi Tong’s eyes lit up (its sword light flickered).

It also sounded very interesting. Then it would participate and take a look.

Buggy and Ginseng Baby: “!!!”

Although they didn’t know what had happened, it seemed that no matter what happened, they wouldn’t be at the bottom?

They looked at Shi Yu. Were they really going to let it participate?

“Well… it’s not impossible.”

After some thought, Shi Yu said, “Then, when the time comes, you can possess me. We’ll participate in the battle together!”

In this case, he had to study it carefully. At the very least, he had to quickly nurture Little Chi Tong to transcendent and near commander rank.

The possession skill had to be increased too.

At that time, he would probably break through to the high-level Beast Tamer level and contract Little Chi Tong.

With the upper limit of his physique at that time, it shouldn’t be any pressure to control the transcendent sword spirit of the overlord race.

This decision was also because Shi Yu suddenly recalled what the beast-eared girl said about the martial arts conference.

It sounded very interesting. At this kind of meeting, if the Beast Tamer personally fought, he shouldn’t be regarded as an anomaly, right?!

It didn’t matter if the reward was there or not. It was mainly because Shi Yu’s hands were itchy.

He had finally contracted a biological daughter sword spirit. It was a pity to spoil it as a mascot!

Let’s fight together!

“Mi ~!!!” Little Chi Tong let out a happy voice and immediately ran over to stick to Shi Yu.

Shi Yu’s words made Buggy, Baby Ginseng, Eleven, and the other pets fall silent.

What!! Shi Yu wanted to participate too?!

What the hell?

If they beat up the Beast Tamer together, would there still be super skills?