Chapter 194 - Divine Capital

Chapter 194: Divine Capital

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

The new function of the skill index undoubtedly gave Shi Yu a surprise.

But not long after, Shi Yu sighed.

Because…

Skill: Inner Power

[Status]: Cannot be taught. The energy required for teaching is insufficient.

“Holy shit.” Shi Yu was stunned.

He still couldn’t teach super skills.

However, the information on the [Status] column changed!

Logically speaking, if there were no goals, it should show that there were no teaching targets for the time being.

Only when he wanted to teach pets would it show that he couldn’t teach them.

But this time, it directly showed that it couldn’t be taught.

It even marked the reason.

“After the index was upgraded, more than one function was updated.”

“It’s even more humane. Damn it.”

This made Shi Yu confirm again that it was his physical fitness problem that he couldn’t teach super skills.

“Ridiculous…”

Shi Yu stared at the Inner Power, plant control, and Heavenly Frost Cold Energy for a long time before shaking his head.

His current physique should be comparable to a top-notch master who had never paid attention to physical training.

If he trained to the upper limit, he might be comparable to a legendary Beast Tamer who had never paid attention to training.

Even so, wasn’t it enough?

“Is there a possibility that my body can do it but my energy isn’t enough? I need to level up again just like this time to teach super skills?”

Shi Yu guessed that he and the index were both trash. They didn’t have enough energy.

“In that case…” Shi Yu fell into deep thought.

“I feel that before I can teach super skills, I can even max out all the low, intermediate, and high-level skills of the four pets.”

It would take at least a year for him to break through again.

In a year, no matter how lazy they were, the pets’ skills should be full.

“Sigh…”

“Baby Ginseng, it’s time to come back.”

After some thought, Shi Yu transmitted his telepathy in the distance.

Life wasn’t easy, so how could he relieve his worries?

He could only numb himself with points.

“Before we leave, let’s upgrade Chi Tong’s possession skill to expert level and see the training effect.”

Shi Yu then looked at Little Chi Tong, who was crying at the melting ice.

Because of its own breakthrough… The low-level ice-element crystal couldn’t withstand its temperature anymore…

“Mi!!!” It was unhappy! Why was there a melting reaction!

At the same time.

Although it was very far away, Shi Yu’s thoughts still reached Baby Ginseng.

This was an ability that other talents of Beast Tamers couldn’t have.

Ordinary talented Beast Tamers let their pets grow. The two parties were very far apart. Unless the pets lost consciousness, were on the verge of death, died, or broke through, it was very difficult for Beast Tamers to sense the situation of the pets.

But for Beast Tamers with the telepathy talent, their telepathy talent could strengthen the mental connection between contracts and make the perception of both parties stronger.

In other words, in the future, when Shi Yu reached the legendary level, even if the pet was separated from him by a country, they might still be able to sense each other’s state. But if it were other talents, even if there was a contract, it would be no different from losing contact.

Around this characteristic, the pets of many Beast Tamers with talent in telepathy in ancient times had been cultivated into assassins who scouted secrets. Even if they died during the process, they could transmit important information to Beast Tamers far away in time.

In the plant garden, after receiving Shi Yu’s message, Baby Ginseng tidied up the anti-buggy plant in its bag. It was actually a spiritual plant that countered the bug type. It turned around domineeringly.

Home!

That night, Shi Yu, Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, and Little Chi Tong had a good meal to celebrate Shi Yu’s breakthrough and Little Chi Tong officially joining the team.

That night, Buggy was very happy, because it could go to Divine Capital tomorrow.

Little Chi Tong was also very excited, because this was the first time it had come into contact with additional points!

Shi Yu spent some effort to upgrade its “possession” skill to expert level after three times.

There weren’t many changes, but its spiritual physical fitness was more compatible with the target he was possessing and it could unleash greater strength.

However, Shi Yu didn’t expect Little Chi Tong to also like the feeling of having its points added. He felt that it found it as comfortable as sleeping ice.

“Mi ~” Little Chi Tong kept flying around Shi Yu and sticking to him. Why didn’t he continue?

It hoped to use the cute tactic and continue to be upgraded by Shi Yu.

As expected, for pets, being upgraded points was like eating rice to eat nutrition. It was fascinating.

No pet could escape the temptation of points, even if it was a high-level overlord race.

“No,” Shi Yu said mercilessly. It was just a test of the training effect. He had to get up early tomorrow and couldn’t continue.

Little Chi Tong cried. It was gone?

“Yes, that’s all.” Shi Yu felt sleepy and looked worried.

If he had known earlier, he wouldn’t have added points to Little Chi Tong.

The first time was indeed relatively fresh, unlike Eleven, Buggy, and Ginseng Baby who could restrain themselves now.

Chi Tong wanted to say something but hesitated.

“…You also want to see where my limit is?” Shi Yu stopped it.

“I’ll definitely do it next time!” With that, he fell asleep.

Little Chi Tong fell into deep thought. Hmph…

…

The next morning.

At the first airport of Ancient Capital City.

Shi Yu arrived in a black and red battle suit.

In his pocket, there was also a red cloak. Because it was hot, Shi Yu didn’t wear it.

This was the Flame Demon Armor he had specially bought. It was a level-six fire-element equipment. It cost him 15 million to match a top-level monarch.

The reason why he bought this was that this equipment could effectively increase the Beast Tamer’s resistance to fire. If he wore this to withstand the possession of the little sword spirit, it could reduce the burden on Shi Yu’s body.

Even if it wasn’t a fire-element attack, the Flame Demon Armor could also provide pretty good protection.

The level-six Fire Demon Armor Set and a level-seven Ice Dragon Whisker, dual-element resource, were Shi Yu’s more precious resources at the moment.

Of course, the crystal ring of the ruins of Bureau 11 was also a very precious resource, or even more expensive, but their value didn’t have a very good level evaluation standard.

[The flight to Divine Capital is about to take off…]

In the crowd, Shi Yu yawned and boarded a high class commander rank plane.

Because of the Butterfly Meeting, there seemed to be a lot of people going to the capital recently.

In Ancient Capital University, many students skipped classes and planned to watch the commotion.

Some Beast Tamers who had contracted the Green Silkworm and had special evolution plans planned to participate in the Butterfly Meeting. Shi Yu wasn’t the only one with this intention.

“Eh?”

On the plane, Shi Yu had just found his seat when he looked at the guy beside him in surprise.

In the seat beside him, a student in a cotton shirt also widened his eyes and looked at Shi Yu.

“Little Gu Master, what a coincidence.” Shi Yu said.

“You’re the little Gu Master. Please call me Gu Master!” Miao Dongdong retorted.

“You’re going to Divine Capital too?” Then, he said,

This person was surprisingly the little Gu Master who had contracted the Shadow Gu and the Parasitic Gu. He had been destroyed by Shi Yu and Buggy during the vocation assessment and was now a battle-type student at Ancient Capital University.

“Of course. This is a flight to Divine Capital. You can’t leave me alone halfway, right?” Shi Yu smiled.

Miao Dongdong was silent for a moment before saying, “Don’t tell me you’re going to participate in the Butterfly Meeting.”

“I haven’t seen your green worm in a long time. Has it turned into a cocoon?”

“Yes.” Shi Yu nodded and said, “You too?”

Miao Dongdong’s balls hurt. Shi Yu’s Nine Li Battle Beast, Baby Ginseng, and Grand General Mu Huiyin’s heroic spirit were already ridiculous. When that Green Silkworm completed its evolution, it would probably be able to reach the monarch race no matter what. At that time, wouldn’t Shi Yu’s battle power be even more ridiculous?

It was a transcendent-level worm silk!

How could there be such a monstrous Beast Tamer!

“Sigh.” Miao Dongdong sighed and said,

“I broke through and contracted a Green Silkworm sent by my clan. I plan to use the method of my clan to evolve it into a ‘Golden Wings Gu’.” He told Shi Yu his goal for this trip.

Golden Wings Gu, a high class commander species, a dual-element pet of the Wasp-type Metal and Worm type.

Shi Yu smiled. “It’s a Gu worm again. When the time comes, everyone will turn into butterflies. Wouldn’t it be awkward for a Gu Bee to come out of your cocoon?”

“Which evolution path is your Green Silkworm?” Miao Dongdong curled his lips and asked.

The Butterfly meeting was just a general name. It wasn’t like they all turned into butterflies.

“Well, if I say I don’t know either, would you believe me?” Shi Yu said.

Miao Dongdong:???

“You don’t know either?”

“What do you mean?”

Shi Yu smiled. “On the surface, I don’t use any of the known evolution plans to give it. I plan to take a gamble.”

“Creating an evolution plan?”

Miao Dongdong widened his eyes. Holy shit, how dare you?

Using such a green worm with terrifying potential as a bet?

If he messed it up, wouldn’t his heart hurt?!!

Regardless of whether Shi Yu’s heart ached or not, Miao Dongdong’s heart ached when he thought of the risk of that crazy Green Silkworm failing in its evolution.

What a waste.

“Yes.”

Shi Yu coughed dryly. In the end, he was also a little panicked. He didn’t know what Buggy could evolve into.

He had asked Buggy, but Buggy didn’t know either. This was very uncomfortable.

“So, am I not here for this Butterfly Goddess? I hope its blessings can increase the success rate.”

Shi Yu thought to himself. Increase the chances of Buggy evolving to an overlord race in one go.

The two racial skills that had advanced into Dao Proficiency, the mysterious Dragon Ball, the Grotto-Heaven Tree Root, and the Illusion Fruit, were a large number of max-level nutrition Fruits that increased the potential of evolution. When added together, their value exceeded Eleven’s evolution foundation. Shi Yu felt that it was no different from failing if it didn’t evolve into an overlord race.

Hopefully, everything went smoothly…

After all, he didn’t have the evolution talent of Big Boss Lin Feng to allow a Green Silkworm to evolve five times. After the worm evolved this time, it would welcome a third evolution again. Who knew when it would happen? It was naturally best to get it done in one go.

“Then I wish you success,” Miao Dongdong muttered.

…

“Divine Capital, one of the birthplaces of the Dong Huang Civilization. The mountains and rivers in the country are intertwined, and the terrain is complicated. There are a large number of mountain ranges surrounding it, and many guardians reside here. The mythical atmosphere is rich…”

On the plane, the tourists listened to the broadcast introduction of their destination and dozed off.

Because almost every tourist who planned to go to Divine Capital knew this information.

At the moment, the greatest guardian of the Dong Huang Continent was sleeping in the capital. This was actually related to the evolution big boss, Lin Feng. He was from the capital, and the guardian he cultivated, including the Butterfly God, naturally lived in the capital.

“We’re almost there.”

The plane passed through layers of clouds and mist. The journey was calm. Miao Dongdong took off his eye mask and looked out the window.

As for Shi Yu, he was seizing all the time to meditate and strive to break through to master as soon as possible.

Only by becoming a master could he have the ability to protect himself in various dangerous places in the country. After all, there were almost no wild hostile overlord-level creatures in the country. Monarch-level ferocious beasts were the greatest bosses.

As for going overseas to have fun, that would have to start from legendary.

“Have we arrived?” Shi Yu slowly opened his eyes.

At this moment, Miao Dongdong said, “By the way, have you booked a hotel? I have a brother who studied at Divine Capital University who helped me reserve their school’s hotel. Why don’t I get him to help you book one too?”

“At that time, we can still visit Divine Capital University.”

Shi Yu said, “Thank you, but there’s no need. I still have to deal with some things next. Let’s meet at the Butterfly meeting in three days.”

“Oh…” Miao Dongdong was stunned and nodded.

…

At the first airport of Divine Capital City.

After the plane landed, Shi Yu put on his mask and left.

If he was free, perhaps he would go to Divine Capital University with Miao Dongdong to… take a look. However, apart from the Butterfly Meeting, Shi Yu could also complete another thing on his way to Divine Capital. He just had to make do with his residence and ruins.

His other target was a high-level wood-element skill: Mutant.

There was an abnormal tree in the capital!

This was the evolution opportunity for the ginseng baby.

Although the Mutant Tree was ancient and had strong adaptability, it was not a native species of Dong Huang. Instead, it was a unique pet from the seven neighboring islands. The common type had already become all kinds of mutants, and it wasn’t even limited to the form of a tree.

But in Dong Huang, there weren’t many. About a hundred years ago, in order to study various evolution forms, the evolution talent big boss, Lin Feng, brought in a batch of pets from the seven islands. In order to not let it mutate into dangerous invading species, its number had been controlled in a certain range, in a specific area.

This should be a species imported from the same period as the gem cat and the slime.

In the ancient capital, there was no Mutant Tree. However, in the pile of information Shi Yu had investigated, there happened to be an organization that had a mutant tree.

After leaving the airport, Shi Yu casually took a taxi and arrived near the Mechanical Tree Club.

The so-called clubs were usually places where Beast Tamers supported by various large financial groups moved.

In Dong Huang, the power of the top five financial groups could not be underestimated. Their financial resources were extraordinary, and they monopolized most resources. They were forces with the ability to nurture legendary-level forces. The heads of the five major financial groups were also almost all top-notch experts in the country. Some financial groups even had connections with the legendary Beast Tamers.

Any one of them had a rich heritage that could crush a top-level institute alone. Moreover, they had a system similar to that of schools and regiments to nurture Beast Tamers, which were also the major clubs.

Through signing contracts with Beast Tamers with potential, they could compete internally and explore various dangerous areas through competition. The resources inside would be tilted.

The school system, club system, and army system were generally the normal promotion path for ordinary Beast Tamers. Apart from that, there were also a small number of Beast Tamers with overly heaven-defying aptitudes who would enter some secret departments in advance to be nurtured. For example, Shi Yu was such a person. Compared to the dispensable school system, his identity as Bureau 11 was more important.

“It’s here, right?” Shi Yu looked at the dazzling huge stadium in front of him and planned to go in to take a look.

Opening the door, Shi Yu had just entered when he saw an armed mutant tree standing in the middle of the hall.

Shi Yu was silent.

[Name]: Mutant Tree (Mutated Type: Mechanical Tree)

[Attributes]: Wood, Machinery (Mutated)

Although he had already obtained some information, Shi Yu still found it magical.

Mutation was a rare skill that could transform normal life forms into Mechanical lifeforms.

However, his was just a ginseng baby. Forget it, its secondary attributes should still choose earth or light.. The mechanical ginseng baby didn’t sound very reliable, he might as well directly contract a nuclear bomb baby.