Chapter 191 - Three Months

Chapter 191: Three Months

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

He had originally wanted to progress slowly and defeat at least three elites of the Ancient Capital University.

It was best to fight with the president of the battle club of the Ancient Capital University.

But it was over before it even began.

He didn’t expect that he couldn’t even defeat a new student.

Although the teachers of the Ancient Capital University said that this new student was very strong, it couldn’t change the fact that Shiyu was a new student!

“No wonder Father couldn’t get into Donghuang University…”

With this in mind, Fu Di’an left the university.

At the Battle Club training hall.

After Fu Dian left, Dean He couldn’t help but secretly wave his old fists behind his back.

Good!

Shi Yu, well done.

White Brook, well done.

So what if Shiyu was an archeologist? Wasn’t he still obediently helping the rise of the battle club!

“Hahaha, not bad.”

Dean He ran over and patted Shiyu’s shoulder. “As expected of you.”

Among commander ranks, unless one encountered a true overlord race opponent or an even more insane beast taming talent, Shi Yu, this Nine Li Battle Beast, was invincible in solo battles.

“Thankfully, the other party was countered,” said Shi Yu modestly.

“No need to be humble. Try to reach the Master level in two years. When that time comes, White Brook, Xu Ze, and the others will graduate. The future of the battle club will be up to you.”

“I’ll try my best.” Shiyu smiled.

Dean He was satisfied. If it was possible, they would be so powerful!

He nodded silently. A Master Beast Tamer in his early twenties had the potential to become a legend under the age of 30!

He was even more outstanding than Lu Qingyi back then!

“Damn it.” Many freshmen and senior students were silent. There was nothing to say.

At this moment, seeing how fierce Shi Yu was and realizing that the baby ginseng was nothing compared to the evolution of this iron-eating beast, the elite of the Battle Club fell into deep thought.

If Shi Yu challenged them and wanted to increase his ranking in the battle club, what would they do? Would they be beaten up?

As for the new students, they had completely given up on the idea of surpassing Shi Yu in the short term. There was still time in the future, so they wanted to see if there were any fortuitous encounters in the future…

…

After Fu Di’an left, half the people in the battle club dispersed.

After feeling bored, Shi Yu brought Eleven back.

“Unfortunately…” When it returned, Shi Yu could not help but sigh.

That Furian’s pet didn’t have any skills that were very worth replicating.

Lightning and White Thunder were pretty good.

When lightning was trained to a very high level of proficiency, it could mobilize natural lightning to a large extent and produce stronger attacks.

In the future, using this move in the wild along with charging lightning to recharge itself was pretty good, but it could only be said to be promising in the future. It was useless at the moment.

After all, the skill column didn’t have enough space. Eleven hadn’t reached the point where it had to learn lightning. Its racial skills weren’t maxed out yet, so how could he have the time to learn other skills?

Besides, lightning was a high-level skill among lightning-type pets. Any random lightning-type pet in the university could master it. There was no need to be anxious.

As for White Thunder, as a super skill of the thunder family, it was similar to Purple Thunder. It was pretty good, but one of the reasons was that this move didn’t belong to a pet, but was instead Fu Dian’s Beast Taming talent. It couldn’t be replicated. Another reason was that White Thunder had to match the light family and wasn’t compatible with Eleven.

Shi Yu was puzzled. Wasn’t there any Metal or gold Divine Lightning?

It didn’t seem like it…

He could only see if there were any super lightning that matched the metal element in the future.

“Hmm.” At this moment, Eleven leaned on Shi Yu’s shoulder and asked him if it could go to the gravity room.

“Go, go!” Shi Yu said helplessly. “Remember to come back early.”

“Oh, oh, oh!” Eleven was excited.

“By the way, starting next week, the battle club will probably start the social ranking competition every weekend. Are you interested? I’m not interested anyway. If you have any thoughts, go ahead.”

Eleven’s eyes lit up. No problem.

Shi Yu nodded. Since Eleven was full of energy, he decided to give it more combat missions.

It was not a bad idea to let Eleven meet the elite pets of the battle club every weekend.

“Of course, evolution is too easy. If you want to participate, fight in a reserved state.”

“Mainly increases battle awareness, battle experience, and battle will. Such actual combat experience can also be higher. Otherwise, it would be meaningless to instakill.”

Eleven:???

Was being beaten interesting then?

Eleven covered its mouth with tears. Shi Yu wasn’t the one getting hurt! Let Baby Ginseng go then!

…

At the same time.

Somewhere in the ancient capital.

After returning to Dong Huang, Fu Dian’s father visited an old friend.

In an elegant ancient-style house, Legend Fu and Legend Yin drank the bitter tea from the mystic realm and discussed their children.

“He inherited your talent. Not bad. That son of mine inherited his mother’s talent.”

“But thankfully he did. Otherwise, if he inherited my defective talent, the path would be difficult.” Fu Chuan shook his head.

“Your talent isn’t defective. It’s just difficult to develop.”

“In comparison, my Beast Taming Space Enhancement talent has encountered a similar bottleneck. I’ve already felt its drawbacks.” Legendary Yin sighed slightly.

Even if he could contract high-level pets in advance and contract many pets, it wasn’t practical.

When everyone reached the Legendary level, would there still be Mythical races and Mythical pets who would contract with them in advance to enhance their talent in the Beast Taming Space?

No…

At that time, the advantage of this talent would only be the ability to contract double the number of pets of the same level.

However, a double number of pets might not be very good, because the resources for training had to double as well. The same resources were invested in one pet and different pets. It was hard to say which was more cost-effective.

A totem level monster couldn’t be defeated by numbers.

“I wonder if Zheng Fan can break the limit of this talent.” Yin Legend continued to drink his tea and said.

“You just said that he went to Imperial University, right?” Fu Sheng asked.

“Mhm.” Yin Chuanqiu nodded and said, “Because he lost to someone else in the vocation assessment, he must be competitive.”

“There’s actually someone who can defeat your son in the early stages…” Fu Chuan was surprised.

Beast Taming Space talents were strong in the early stages.

“Let me take this phone call. It’s from my child.”

At this moment, Fu Chuan’s phone rang. After gesturing to Legend Yin Zhongrong, he picked up the call.

“It’s over?” Fu Chuan received a call from his son. He was very surprised. So fast?

“Dad, you’re right. Donghuang’s Beast Tamer is too strong… I… I couldn’t even beat the new students of Ancient Capital University. I lost the first match…”

“?” Fu Chuan fell into deep thought.

Are you kidding me?

It was fine if he couldn’t beat a master, but what was the big deal if he couldn’t beat a new student?

“Who is he…”

“A Beast Tamer named Shi Yu. I heard that he’s the top scorer of this year’s professional assessment, and even an archeologist… And it’s even a talent in telepathy… and it’s even an intermediate level…” Fu Dian’s tone trembled slightly. He didn’t believe it himself when he repeated it.

A moment later, the call was hung up.

“Where were we talking about just now?” Fu Chuan suppressed his confusion and looked at Yin Chuan.

Yin Chuan said, “We talked about how my son lost to a Beast Tamer named Shi Yu in the vocation assessment. Because he wanted to surpass Shi Yu too much, he ran to Imperial Capital University to train himself.”

“Your son was also beaten by Shi Yu?” Fu Chuan was stunned.

Legend Yin: “?”

…

After this battle, Shi Yu’s strength was finally not just tacitly understood among the new students…

But the older students of Ancient Capital University also knew of Shi Yu’s abnormal strength.

Two days later.

The beast-eared girl returned to the university.

She looked at the three little iron-eating beasts that Ten brought to train every day and fell into deep thought.

1

Was the iron-eating beast that strong…

Although she had previously overestimated Shi Yu’s strength, this time, after watching the training hall’s battle recording screen, she directly refreshed her understanding of the Iron-Eating Beast’s evolution form.

Otherwise, she would consider contracting one. After all, evolutionary materials were not expensive.

Why not talk to Senior Lu? The two of them could have one each and raise them together?

They were cute and had good potential, so why not raise them!

“Senior Sister Lu!!!”

[Lu Qingyi: Don’t disturb. Next pet, possession type undead!]

1

At this moment, Shi Yu was already leisurely starting his peaceful university life again.

Lessons, points, studies, meditation, sleep, rice…

4

The life that was repeated every day seemed to have brought Shi Yu back to Earth’s student era.

He had been waiting for the Butterfly Meeting that Senior Li mentioned, planning to use it as a stage for the evolution of Buggy.

This meeting could firstly increase its evolution potential, and secondly, Shi Yu couldn’t miss the opportunity to come into contact with a guardian-level creature

However, this meeting gave Shiyu a huge surprise.

Because Shi Yu had waited for three months.

He waited until his scalp was itching, until Buggy was stressed.

Although news of the Butterfly meeting appeared one after another during this period, it was only today that it was completely confirmed that it would be held in Divine Capital in a week.

“I’ve waited so long. It’s so bitter.”

Shi Yu stood on the balcony of the student villa, blowing the wind and looking at the blue sky.

As for how bitter it was, one could tell from Buggy’s expression.

On the balcony, Buggy, who had long absorbed the power of the evolutionary materials, was lying on a baby chair, swaying its body with a Buddhist expression on his face.

From initial excitement to later impatience, to now having a heart as calm as water. One could imagine the psychological changes that Buggy experienced.

Perhaps this was the most precious treasure during Buggy’s evolution?

As for Shi Yu, he looked into his Taming Space.

In three months, he had already reached quasi-fourth level in the Imperial Beast Space.

99% of the crystal color of the spatial barrier turned green. He would be able to advance to a high-level Beast Tamer immediately and obtain the fourth contract slot.

Counting the time, it would only be two to three days.

And this result, apart from three months of bitter cultivation, naturally had to do with a large number of sachets and Ethereal Stones.

The dozens of Ethereal Stones he had obtained from the ruins had long been used up. If it wasn’t enough later, he would still have to borrow resources from the Gem Cat.

Nothing major happened in these three months.

Originally, Sister Panda had planned on coming to the Ancient Capital University to let Shi Yu help her iron-eating beast enhance its hardness.

However, considering that there was still a pile of missions at the farm in Ping Cheng, and that Shiyu might still have to attend classes at the moment, she was also busy with her studies. In the end, she didn’t come and chose to make an appointment with Shiyu during the holidays.

Just like that, Shi Yu peacefully spent three months.

Of course, it might not be a big deal for the Ancient Capital University.

In the past three months, apart from the increasingly profound rumors of the training of the Mad Demon Iron-eating Beast and the best student Ginseng Baby, there was no other news about Shi Yu. However, it was not calm at all for the team.

Three months… Even if Shi Yu only took out one-third of his time to add points every day and shared the additional points with the three pets, Eleven and the others had undergone a complete change!

For example, none of the skills below super level were below perfect proficiency.

In order to empty the skill column, Shi Yu even maxed out and deleted low-level skills.

“Continue sleeping. When Eleven and the others return and wake up with Chi Tong, let’s have a short meeting and prepare to go to Divine Capital,” Shi Yu said to Buggy.

“Ji…” Buggy’s telepathy sounded, and its eyes lit up.

Shi Yu chuckled and continued to return to his bed. He picked up the ruin ring and prepared to meditate, hoping to break through in the next two days and contract Chi Tong first.

At that time, with the four contract spots added to his body, Buggy would evolve and take off directly! It had been holding it in for three months to accumulate strength, and it could no longer tolerate it!

Let’s go to the Butterfly God!