Chapter 200 - Gift Of The Butterfly God

After the Butterfly Meeting ended, the Divine Feather Phoenix Butterfly turned into a silver whirlwind and flew into the unknown.

Shi Yu and the others followed behind, still unable to calm down.

Although the Butterfly Meeting had ended and the worm had evolved perfectly, the Butterfly God seemed to have additional gifts for the evolution with the greatest potential.

This was very exciting.

At the moment, Buggy had two super skills and was already the reserve of a low-level overlord race.

Because its spatial attribute was strong, it could still be raised by another level, just like Yin Zhengfan’s Space Crystal Butterfly.

Therefore, Buggy was the foundation of a middle-level overlord race.

Then, considering that the Space Domain and the Dragon of Imagination, one was a super powerful dual-element skill, and the other was an evolution skill with an extremely high growth rate and all-element augmentation skill, Shi Yu could no longer easily determine the species level of the worm.

What could be confirmed was that even if the worm couldn’t reach a high-level overlord race or quasi Mythical race at the moment, it would definitely be able to reach it when its Dragon of Imagination skill reached the perfect level. This was because at that time, it would usher in a new round of transformation!

“I feel that it’s about the same as a middle-level overlord. It’s still a little lacking compared to Little Chi Tong,” Shi Yu analyzed in his heart.

Just as Buggy said, it was invincible.

Even if they faced Chi Tong at the same level in the future, their race wouldn’t be at much of a disadvantage.

With this foundation, Shi Yu and the others were looking forward to the butterfly god’s gift again.

What could it be? Could it increase Buggy’s racial potential a little more?

A moment later.

Shi Yu and the others arrived deep in the mountain range.

On the path to the depths of the mountain range, a silver storm formed a barrier, making it a mysterious forbidden area.

However, at this moment, the storm barrier had already automatically opened a hole, as if it was inviting Shi Yu and the others to enter.

“Let’s go in. This is the habitat of the butterfly god.”

Legend Hua Xiajin also followed Shi Yu and the others from behind. At this moment, she spoke beside Shi Yu.

“Legend Hua!” Shi Yu said.

“You guys… aren’t bad.” Legend Hua smiled, still very shocked.

Was this the random evolution Shi Yu mentioned?

The spatial cracks that filled the sky tore apart the silver sky. The evolution light that shot into the sky danced with the ten thousand butterflies. There were even divine dragon phantoms that swept the wind and clouds into the cocoon…

She would even believe it if he told her that this was a prearranged movie worth hundreds of millions! Random your head!

Forgive her for being direct, but this Butterfly Meeting was, after all, a public meeting. If nothing unexpected happened, the news of Shi Yu’s pet would quickly shock the country and inherit the hot topic discussion of the Butterfly Meeting. It would even let the hot topic level increase!

This news was definitely more explosive than the so-called vocation assessment, the so-called popularity of the iron-eating beast’s evolution.

The vocation assessment was held once a year. There was nothing new about it. In a year, there were already nine top scorers in first-level cities. Everyone would only watch it for fun at a certain time period. Even if there were any famous infractions, they would quickly forget it. As for the evolution of the iron-eating beasts, the value was in the category of monarch races. It was worth being shocked, but it wasn’t very exaggerated.

This was because in the hands of institutions, financial groups, and even some top-notch masters, the evolution form of monarch races was not rare. Many monarch races had stable breeding, cultivation, and evolution channels.

However, overlord races were different.

At the moment, even at the national level, no country had a stable and continuous cultivation channel for overlord race life.

Even if it was an artificial mechanical life, if it involved the overlord race or overlord level, it would also need some super rare resources that could not be replenished or could not be replenished in the short term. Moreover, the creation of life depended on luck very much. It required the power of the country and the support of many legendary Mechanics.

In this context, the significance of the overlord race was especially great. For a country, the birth of the life of every overlord race was the possibility of increasing a legendary battle power in the future. Or it could be said that a legendary battle power was almost reserved.

This was a big matter that could make the entire country tremble. After all, the number of legends in Dong Huang, including the ones guarding the country, the defense line of the totem area, and the legends guarding the public areas jointly protected by many countries, had never exceeded 50.

From this, one could tell how much of a stir a Beast Tamer and pet with legendary potential and overlord potential could cause.

This was also the reason why Shi Yu immediately sealed the news after contracting the heroic spirits of high-level overlord races. It was because it was really important.

However, who would have thought that the overlord species pet would be like a wholesale one when it came to Shi Yu? Another one…

“Haha, my luck is pretty good,” Shi Yu said with a shy smile.

“Wu ~” Buggy also said shyly.

Speaking of which, Buggy felt that if it weren’t for the butterfly god’s feather energy, even if it had a chance of becoming an overlord race, it wouldn’t have been so smooth. It still had to thank the butterfly god.

“In short, congratulations. If nothing goes wrong, the next blessings of the Butterfly God can make your…”

“The Butterfly of Imagination,” Shi Yu said. “Its new species’ name.”

Legend Hua smiled and said, “The race that can allow the Butterfly of Imagination to reach a higher level!”

“I never said that. Hua Xiajin, don’t talk nonsense.” At this moment, the two of them had already entered the depths. As they were talking, the butterfly god’s telepathy interrupted their conversation. It was the same voice as before, like a normal voice.

Legend Hua:???

Generally speaking, these totem-level creatures that had lived for a hundred years and even some overlord-level creatures had pretty much mastered telepathy. Some even learned to speak human language.

However, the butterfly god’s telepathy stunned Shi Yu and Legend Hua.

Legend Hua: What?

She had just finished talking, and got interrupted.

In the center of the silver storm, Shi Yu and the others had already arrived. When they landed, the silver whirlwind transformed back into the figure of the Divine Feather Phoenix Butterfly. This time, compared to the hundred-meter-tall behemoth from before, it was much smaller.

Shi Yu knew that the Butterfly God had once evolved into an elemental butterfly and also evolved into a Phoenix Vein Butterfly. It had experienced a total of five stages of evolution before it could become what it was today. The accumulation of five stages of evolution had allowed it to awaken five different racial skills and obtain a super strong potential. It even inherited the elementalization ability of the elemental butterfly and could freely transform into a silver whirlwind to form a new body.

In a sense, Lin Feng’s legendary evolution talent could also help pets master many skills.

“Wh-what do you mean?”

However, those weren’t the main points they were concerned about. Shi Yu and Buggy looked at the butterfly god nervously.

Couldn’t increase race potential?

It never said that?

Well, it indeed didn’t say… But, in theory, shouldn’t this be the case? What was it denying?

“I didn’t expect it to evolve into an overlord race in an instant. My gift can only increase the chances of an overlord race evolving into an overlord without increasing their life force. It’s useless to this butterfly,” the Divine Feather Phoenix Butterfly said confidently and very frankly.

Legend Hua:…

Shi Yu, Buggy:…

Eleven and the other pets looked at each other and mourned for Buggy in their hearts.

Strength was also a mistake…

“Butterfly God…” Shi Yu was about to cry. Buggy’s heart turned cold. Was it wrong to be too awesome after evolution?

Legend Hua was a little at a loss. This… She suddenly felt that it was reasonable, but at the same time, it didn’t make sense. The reasonable thing was the limit of the Butterfly God’s ability, while the unreasonable thing was that Shi Yu and the Butterfly of Imagination actually made the Butterfly God helpless…

“I called you here to ask you what happened to the divine dragon phantom just now,” the Divine Feather Phoenix Butterfly said.

The butterfly god could tell that the worm didn’t break the evolution rules its master had concluded. It could tell that the cocoon was already in an overly evolved form.

It had seen too many strange evolution forms around its master, so it wasn’t too shocked. However, that divine dragon phantom really made it curious.

Legend Hua also looked at Shi Yu. Yes.

She also wanted to know what was going on.

At this moment, Shi Yu was stunned. “Among its evolution materials, there’s a level-four Dragon Ball Could it be related to that…”

Dragon Ball

It was not out of the expectations of the Divine Feather Phoenix Butterfly and Legend Hua.

“A level-four Dragon Ball” However, the Divine Feather Phoenix Butterfly was still puzzled.

“It’s level four, but it’s not level four at the start. It’s because the dragon ball has been too long ago, and its energy has already disappeared naturally. Its original level can no longer be judged, and even the owner of the dragon ball can’t judge…”

This was a dragon ball that the gem cat had obtained when it was looting an alternate realm in the undead battlefield. Its origin was unknown and incomparably mysterious.

Back then, it didn’t even blink when Shi Yu wanted to take high-level spatial resources, but it only hesitated for a long time before gritting its teeth and giving it to Shi Yu to exchange for the gem fruit.

From the looks of it, this dragon ball was indeed a good thing. The owner’s identity was also incomparable.

What Shi Yu had seen just now was a classic Eastern Dragon Phantom. Moreover, from the looks of it, Shi Yu actually couldn’t determine what race it was. It looked like it was another super expert that had been lost in history.

“The owner of that dragon ball has a very high bloodline level.”

“It’s even above high-level overlord races. The limit is close to a Mythical race, or it can be said to be a quasi Mythical race. This bloodline can already be said to be a divine dragon.”

“I’ve only seen this bloodline level on the Black Dragon King beside Master.” The Divine Feather Phoenix Butterfly’s tone was nostalgic.

Legendary Hua looked at Shi Yu and was not calm. The dragon ball of a divine dragon?

Ridiculous.

Where did Shi Yu get it and how did he end up feeding it to a Green Silkworm?

She didn’t understand.

“Divine Dragon…” Shi Yu took a deep breath.

“It’s this situation. Because of this Dragon Ball its potential has become too high. The gift I originally prepared is already meaningless to it, but since I have already agreed to the gift, I won’t go back on my word.”

A breeze blew over from a distance. Under the sweeping of the silver whirlwind, a palm-sized, sea-blue scale was swept out of its secret treasure vault.

The scales emitted a dragon might and were filled with pressure.

“This is…”

“The dragon scale of one of my companions is also a friendly keepsake of the underwater Dragon Palace City. There’s nothing else for you guys. This is for you. It’s one of the headquarters of the Eastern Dragon Race in Dragon Palace City. Perhaps you can go there to unearth more of its bloodline mysteries and better break through its limits.”

The butterfly god gave up. Since it couldn’t complete the gift, it simply sent Shi Yu to its companions.

“Sea Dragon Scale…” Seeing this scale, Legend Hua was stunned.

Legend had it that Lin Feng had once cultivated a Green Silkworm that eventually evolved into the Divine Feather Phoenix Butterfly. He had also cultivated a Dragon Carp, which evolved into a sea dragon and married into the Dragon Palace City.

It was indeed as Butterfly God had said. This was an important keepsake that led to Dragon Palace City.

This dragon scale looked like it had been collecting dust for a long time, but the energy and dragon might were still vigorous. It was probably not lower than level seven.

This was also good!

“Thank you.” Shi Yu’s expression changed quickly.

“Buggy, hurry up and thank the butterfly god.” It looked very much like a parent who was helping his child collect his New Year’s red packet money.

“Wu!” Buggy also quickly thanked the Butterfly God and put the dragon scale in its spatial pocket.

With this, could it also conjure a powerful sea dragon?

Just like when he used the Ice Dragon Whiskers.

At this moment, Shi Yu was very satisfied.

With the Dragon of Imagination skill, it was indeed not that important whether Buggy improved its race level or not.

However, the token of friendship that led to Dragon Palace City was too precious. Tyrant Dragons were everywhere there, and the totem dragons also had several absolute ocean overlord powers.

It was because the Dragon Emperor had befriended the underwater Dragon Palace City that Dong Huang could develop the strength of the navy and have absolute authority over the sea.

“Then that’s it. You guys can leave.” After holding the Butterfly Meeting, the Divine Feather Phoenix Butterfly was sleepy again. It didn’t have any intention of keeping Shi Yu and the others longer, and it wasn’t any more curious about Buggy.

“Hua Xiajin, I’ve completed the Butterfly Meeting according to our agreement. Don’t forget your responsibility.”

“Alright.” Hua Xiajin sighed.

“We won’t forget.”

Shi Yu looked at Legend Hua. Was there any other agreement between humans and the Divine Feather Phoenix Butterfly?

Hua Xiajin remained silent. Even if it was very strong, as a pet that had been raised by someone since it was a Green Silkworm, the request of the Divine Feather Phoenix Butterfly was actually very simple. After being alone for a hundred years, it only wanted to find its Beast Tamer. Up until now, the entire Dong Huang had never given up on searching for the missing Lin Feng legend. This was also one of the connections between the guardians left behind by Dong Huang and Lin Feng.

…

At the same time, in the outside world.

Just as Xia Jinqi had expected, it had already caused a huge commotion.

On the Internet, at the Butterfly Meeting, the birth of the overlord race, the mysterious butterfly species. This hot search immediately suppressed all the news and rushed to the top of the hot search.

However, although the evolution process and dreamy figure of the Butterfly of Imagination were described in words to be extremely shocking, the information about this evolution body and its Beast Tamer was still unknown.

At that moment, only a small number of people could know the full story of the incident through the information left behind by Legend Hua.

In the capital, at the headquarters of the Beast Tamer Association of Dong Huang, a few important figures received the information and slowly scanned it. After discovering that everything came from Bureau 11, they didn’t pay attention.

As for the ordinary Beast Tamers who didn’t understand these things, they were extremely shocked.

The Butterfly Meeting… produced a creature of an overlord race?

Demon Capital.

In the Dark Club, Heavenly King Zou browsed the trending list that had been pushed down and was slightly stunned.

At the Insect Research Institute of the Demon Capital University, Dr. Zuo Jiangyun, who had received the news from her daughter and researched the evolution method of the Ice Phoenix Moth, pondered for a moment and called Hua Xiajin Legend. Unfortunately, no one picked up for the time being.

In Bureau 11, all the members also obtained relevant information soon.

After knowing about this newbie, he created another big news.

Li Lianping, who had recommended Shi Yu to participate in the Butterfly Meeting, was immediately stunned. Even if she recommended Shi Yu to participate in the Butterfly Meeting, she didn’t let Shi Yu film a movie. The evolution phenomenon spreading on the Internet was like the birth of a Mythical creature. Good heavens, it was ridiculous.

“Well…” In a certain place, Lu Qingyi looked at the news and didn’t know what to say. Logically speaking, she just wanted Shi Yu to study well in Ancient Capital University first. The first half of the first semester of university wasn’t over, but he had already gotten two overlord race pets. What was going on?

She kept feeling that Shi Yu wouldn’t be too calm over the next period of time…

At this moment, the entire country was boiling as they pursued more information about the mysterious evolution butterfly. Among the many people who knew, only Miao Dongdong was mixed in the crowd and trembling.

“Is Shi Yu a huge event maker?” He was confused.

…

At this moment, the protagonist of this incident, Shi Yu, had already been brought back by Hua Xiajin.

Shi Yu temporarily ignored the huge reaction caused by this incident. After he returned, he temporarily stayed in Hundred Butterfly Town. The first thing he did was to return to the ruins space and help Buggy learn the multiplication skill in one go. He also raised the skill proficiency to expert level.

After everything was completed, the 0.3-meter Eleven, the Ginseng Baby, and the smaller Little Chi Tong looked at Buggy that had also become 0.3 meters and nodded.

As it kept shrinking, soon, Buggy’s size became about the same as before. This made it easier for it to interact with Shi Yu, Eleven, and the ginseng baby.

“Wu ~ ~” Buggy, with watery blue compound eyes and a pair of dazzling blue wings, landed in Shi Yu’s slightly raised hand in a blue butterfly pose and asked in anticipation.

When… was the team meeting? It couldn’t wait anymore.

[Name]: Butterfly of Imagination

[Attributes]: Spirit, Space

[Race Level]: Medium overlord

[Level of Growth]: Commander Level

Moreover, a pile of high-level skills, two abnormal super skills, 140,000 energy points, and two level-seven dragon-element equipment, how could it lose?

Eleven and Baby Ginseng’s expressions changed.

Good heavens, after just evolving, Buggy’s ambition was almost impossible to hide.

“What’s the hurry?” Shi Yu was quite calm. Buggy was too strong. Even if he let Little Chi Tong possess him, he would probably only be tortured. This version was not balanced at all. Why not let him strengthen Little Chi Tong first?

He had just broken through and was no longer that weak Beast Tamer who could not withstand the wind and could not be possessed.

“You should adapt to your new ability first. I still have to organize your information. Let’s settle the evolution storm first,” Shi Yu confirmed.

Buggy was stunned. Pa, the joy was gone.

It looked at Eleven and asked the leader if it wanted to warm up first.

“Wuu!” Eleven turned around directly. It clearly sensed Buggy’s strength at this moment. There was no hurry. It would wait until Shi Yu organized the team’s internal meeting. It didn’t want Buggy to know its background too early. Moreover, it had to take advantage of this period of time to work harder.

Eleven didn’t fight battles that it wasn’t confident in. If hard training wasn’t to defeat the opponent, it would be meaningless.

“Yi!” Baby Ginseng also turned its head. Although the worm didn’t look at it, Baby Ginseng felt that the Anti-Buggy’s Energy Fruit didn’t seem to be very qualified… It had to continue studying the Anti- Butterfly Energy Fruit.

“Wu!”

Seeing that Eleven and Baby Ginseng were scared by him, Buggy waved its wings indifferently and was excited. Great!

It didn’t matter!

It didn’t matter when. With its current strength, it would definitely be first place no matter when Shi Yu organized the team meeting!

Even if Eleven, Baby Ginseng, and Chi Tong were given a few months, could they still surpass the Butterfly of Imagination?

Impossible! It didn’t know how to lose at all!