Chapter 1502 - 1502 Current Situation Of The Team Internal Tournament (1)

1502 Current Situation of the Team Internal Tournament (1)

Lin Feng chuckled and said, “It’s not a big deal.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“After watching the competition for so long, in addition to the fact that you know about Shi Yu’s pet information, I believe you’ve also noticed it, right?”

“Shi Yu’s four holy pets were all cultivated by Shi Yu to be very strong.”

“The evolutionary path of faith is the cruelest. Countless lives are fighting for it. The birth of two gods of the same faith means that the strength of the other will be halved… Now, as Shi Yu’s four holy pets show their potential, and they don’t belong to the Four Holy Family, they will definitely become a thorn in the side of the Four Saints super divine.”

“Although I heard that those four old guys indeed value their status very much, it shouldn’t be that a Four Holy Evolver with potential will appear just like that, right?” The five super divine beings didn’t understand.

“Of course it’s not that simple,” Lin Feng said. “Actually, Shi Yu… even cracked the Four Holy Ruins of the Heavenly Spirit Domain and has the power of faith of countless eras. This almost means that every four holy pets of Shi Yu can evolve to the extreme and have super divine potential.”

The five super divines on Blue Planet were stunned. Then, they said in disbelief, “Shi Yu… cracked the Four Holy Ruins??”

“Yeah.” Lin Feng smiled and said, “However, he hasn’t had time to take away the ruins, but once he takes away the ruins, he will definitely become a thorn in the side of the Four Holy Families. Moreover, even if the procedures are legal, it probably won’t be that smooth-sailing for him to take away the ruins.”

“Therefore, we’ve discussed it. Seniors, when the time comes to take away the ruins, can you be Shi Yu’s guardians and clean up all the enemies blocking his way?”

“This…” The hearts of the five super divines on Blue Planet kept changing. They completely didn’t expect Shi Yu to actually crack the ruins of the Four Holy Era.

That was fat meat in the hands of the Four Holy Family, and it was fat meat that would make them hungry if others ate it.

At this moment, Blue Planet’s Five super divines, who originally thought that they had already overestimated Shi Yu, immediately felt how terrifying Shi Yu was when they heard that Shi Yu had even become the master of the Four Holy Ruins.

This kid’s possibility was countless times stronger than that of the Space Emperor and Lin Feng.

Not to mention the super divines of the Four Holy Family, even they were a little worried at this moment that Shi Yu would become the new super divine of Blue Planet after he grew up and competed with them for Blue Planet resources.

Fortunately, Shi Yu wasn’t even at the divine level now. When Shi Yu became a super divine, the bulk of Blue Planet’s resources would have long been divided between them… Moreover, on account of Shi Yu bringing back the permanent teleportation array, even if they gave some to Shi Yu, the five super divine beings could still withstand it.

At the thought of this, the five super divines sighed with emotion at their kindness. Although the Four Saints were stronger than them, their moral standards weren’t as high as theirs!

“Can we seize the Four Holy Ruins later?” The dragon super divine said, “After Blue Planet advances to a high-level planet, our Blue Planet will definitely not be afraid of the Four Holy Families.”

Emperor Kong said, “How long will this take? Moreover, not taking it away in advance doesn’t mean that the Four Holy Family won’t pay attention to Shi Yu. With the ability of a super divine level, Shi Yu won’t hide the fact that he deciphered the Four Holy Ruins for long. For example, it’s better to take the initiative than to be passive. Could it be that our Blue Planet bloodline can’t protect a junior?”

“Who said so?” the super divine of the Demon Race said. “I’ll be his guardian.”

“I’ll be his guardian too,” the angel super divine said.

Dragon, Phoenix, Kirin: ???

The Angel Race and the Demon Race’s super divine were just worried that they didn’t have a deep connection with Shi Yu. At this moment, after analyzing the benefits of this matter, they immediately expressed their position.

Although there was a risk of becoming enemies with the Four Holy Family, it was impossible for the Four Saints to openly launch a super divine battle over such a thing. The Four Holy Family couldn’t ignore public opinion.

If a genius with possibility appeared, they would have to suppress him openly. This would make the Four Saints super divine infamous. A large number of Four Holy Evolvers among the commoners would also treat the Four Holy Family as enemies.

Therefore, the Four Holy Family would at most have some cheap shots and cheap tricks. It was precisely because of this that the Angel God and the Demon Race agreed very readily.

Moreover, Shi Yu’s Ling and Susu were both pets with special identities. They were from the Space Disaster Research Institute and the Environmental Protection Association. The Four Holy Family would definitely be more wary when the time came.

In addition, Shi Yu had been chosen by the cosmic overlord army. In this aspect, the Four Holy Family still had to be wary!

This way, after thinking about it carefully, they felt that this matter wasn’t that unsolvable.

Under this pile of pressure, even the Four Holy Family had no choice but to admit defeat!

“Alright, it’s just the Four Holy Family,” the super divines of the Dragon, Phoenix, and Kirin races also uttered with stomachaches after thinking it through.

Let’s do it!

The five of them had been silent for so long. Now that they had decided to come back, they couldn’t be as timid as before. Now that the advantage was theirs, so be it if they provoked the mere Four Holy Family!

Moreover, the five of them might not necessarily be united in the Four Holy Family.

“Thank you, seniors,” the Space Emperor uttered with a smile. He didn’t expect the five super divines to be so straightforward this time. He said, “As for Shi Yu, he said that he will also go to the Environmental Protection Association, the Space Disaster Research Institute, and the cosmic overlord army to seek some support before taking action. In addition, he, who has just become the champion of the God Sealing Battle, will also be the center of attention on the entire World King Planet. Therefore, the taking of the ruins shouldn’t cause too much of a commotion.”

“Considering the pressure of public opinion, the Four Holy Family doesn’t dare to be too brazen. They’re not the only ones dominating the World King Planet.”

Soon, the Blue Planet bloodline finished discussing. After the God Sealing Battle ended, they would go and seize away the Four Holy Ruins at any time.