Chapter 1508 - 1508 The Person Who Sees Through The Truth (4)

1508 The Person Who Sees Through the Truth (4)

Although Ling’s Starry Sky Storm was powerful, it was only for ordinary people. Would the four cosmic emperors, that cosmic overlord, be afraid of the Starry Sky Storm?

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Buggy, who was more ambitious than a cosmic-level expert and had watched the powerful Buggy of the Starry Sky Storm many times, naturally couldn’t allow the team to have skills that it couldn’t match.

It had long prepared a response strategy.

Dao validation with strength!

“Is it going to shapeshift?” Ling still kept retreating.

Facing the difficult Ling, Buggy didn’t dare to be careless and directly went all out.

“Roar!!!” As the huge Starry Sky Storm condensed and surrounded Buggy, under the gaze of the audience, the so-called “Buggy of Imagination” directly shapeshifted. Accompanied by a dragon roar and dragon might, a ten-thousand-meter-long Green Dragon directly circled the starry sky arena and appeared shockingly.

At this moment, although Buggy had become a Green Dragon, its image had actually changed a little from its previous form.

The level of the evolution skill, the Dragon of Imagination, had increased to the quasi-divine skill stage. Coupled with the huge power of faith of the Green Dragon, Buggy had already reached the 2.5 stage of the Green Dragon’s evolution.

When the Dragon of Imagination reached the divine skill stage, Buggy would definitely take another step closer to the Green Dragon and even awaken a new skill.

At this moment, Buggy was entrenched under the starry sky. It had golden dragon horns and was covered in green scales. These didn’t change. What changed was that the golden faith flames that were originally burning on its body had already been restrained. Its body was already a perfect body of faith, and it no longer needed other faith substances to prove its identity.

In its place were some green dragon feathers on its head and body that turned into white dragon feathers. They landed on Buggy like a sea of clouds that stretched for thousands of miles, making it look ancient and honorable.

Buggy liked these white dragon feathers very much. It felt that they were like the worm silk from before—very warm.

Apart from that, Buggy was also holding a small star-like dragon ball in its claw!!

At this moment, the Starry Sky Storm swept over. The Dragon Ball in Buggy’s hand burned with the flames of golden faith, and a world seemed to have been born inside. Buggy surprisingly activated its strongest profundity now!

Creation Domain+Star Refinement+Dragon Star Group!

The Dragon Star Group was an arms, and the Star Refinement was a skill to use arms, allowing the Dragon Ball to absorb the power of the stars in the surroundings. As for the Creation Domain, it opened a world inside the Dragon Ball and gave this star-like Dragon Ball the true power of the world.

The Star Refining Race could only use non-life stars as arms. However, the Dragon Ball Star that had fused with the power of creation was like a life star, and its power became stronger.

Such use was the supreme profundity that the genius of the Green Dragon Family could only dream of. It was also a combination that the Star Refining Race couldn’t come into contact with.

“Roar!!!” Under Buggy’s roar, it directly smashed the Dragon Ball at the Starry Sky Storm. The Dragon Ball shot out like a golden laser. Under the shocked gazes of Ling and the audience in the distance, the Starry Sky Storm was directly smashed into a huge hole violently. Buggy followed the trajectory of the Dragon Ball and also seemed to have turned into a green-gold light that instantly broke out of the Starry Sky Storm!!

“This!!!” The audience was shocked.

“Impossible!” Ming Gu was shocked when he saw the Starry Sky Storm being violently smashed open.

In the next moment, the Dragon Ball floated in the sky above the battleship, containing a powerful pressure. Buggy descended in front of Ling and grabbed Ling, who wanted to teleport and turn into light to escape, in its huge dragon claw.

Ling’s spatial control was still copied from it. It was showing off in front of an expert.

“Don’t even think about escaping,” Buggy said.

“Is that necessary?” Ling said.

“Admit defeat,” Buggy said. With Ling’s skill configuration, it was impossible for it to win against something that could utilize the power of faith.

“Alright, alright… I admit defeat~” Ling raised its hand helplessly. It had stated that it wasn’t interested in the championship. To be honest, it had already predicted this outcome before the battle began.

Star Refinement+Dragon Star Group+Creation Domain was simply a perfect combination. Its power under the starry sky arena was not much inferior to the Immortal Slaying Sword Formation. It was indeed a little difficult to deal with.

If the opponents were Shorty, Turtle, and the others, Ling could still find their weaknesses and combat the enemy enjoy Baby Ginseng. However, Buggy’s weaknesses were too few. Its attributes were even more comprehensive than Eleven’s, making Ling helpless.

“Thank you for the fight.” Buggy let go of its dragon claws.

Ling was directly teleported out.

As for the gamblers who bet on Buggy winning, they were already stunned.

They were looking forward to Buggy reversing the battle, but…

They never expected that the powerful cosmic disaster would actually be directly smashed into a hole by violence and cracked by this method…

“What’s going on… This guy… Green Dragon??”

After realizing Buggy’s main body, the geniuses of the Four Holy Family looked at it in disbelief. This was the first time the Worm of Imagination had revealed its true body.

As a Green Dragon, why did this guy keep his worm form previously?

What was it thinking?

But most importantly, what was wrong with this guy’s strength?

“Aiya, aiya.” At this moment, Shi Yu and the gem cat, who had been watching the battle, sighed when they saw that the competition had all ended.

“Why did Ling admit defeat!!” the gem cat girl stated unhappily. It was looking forward to this battle, the battle in the starry sky.

Who knew that after Buggy shattered the Starry Sky Storm, Ling would directly admit defeat?

“Because Ling analyzed that its chances of winning aren’t high, right? Now that it has mastered Future Prediction, it can basically decide its chances of winning before the battle…”

The gem cat: “Wuu… I know, but it’s fine to combat anyway. What if something happens to Buggy if we’re lucky?”