Chapter 1501 - 1501 Shi Yu Fails (4)

1501 Shi Yu Fails (4)

Previously, this Super Holy Beast basically used divine skills like Water Control and Ice Control to end the battle when it defeated the enemy. This was the first time everyone knew that this guy’s defense was also so terrifying, several times more terrifying than the Red Ant that had mastered top-notch defensive divine skills.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Perhaps even Zavay’s combination divine skill that could injure Eleven couldn’t break through the defense of the Super Holy Beast!

No wonder… No wonder the box god ranked the Super Holy Beast third among the ten newbies. The Time Sect Master, who was ranked fifth, really couldn’t defeat this Super Holy Beast at all.

The difference between the two parties looked even greater than the tenth place’s World Destruction Dragon and the sixth place’s World Cleansing Demon Duck!!

“So, why didn’t God Shi Yu go on stage to support his pet? This situation is too dangerous. This Super Holy Beast’s defense is so strong!!”

Amidst everyone’s confusion, the Super Holy Beast seized the gap between the Time Sect Master’s attacks and launched its first attack. It chose absolute zero, instantly freezing the huge White Tiger on the spot.

Crack!!!

The huge tiger quickly broke free, but what awaited was the Black Tortoise Fist accumulated by the Super Holy Beast!!

Boom!!!

This punch instantly sent Shorty flying. Its armor shattered, and its huge body was blasted thousands of meters away with vast might.

Shorty was sent flying and lay on the spot in despair. Although it could immediately revive and fight again after mobilizing the power of faith, it didn’t plan to get up.

Shi Yu had very strict rules regarding the internal battle of the team, restricting the number of power of faith that every faith beast could mobilize.

This was also for the sake of fairness. After all, the power of faith of the era was an external force obtained by Shi Yu. If he didn’t restrict its use, it would be too wasteful. This power shouldn’t be wasted too much in the team’s internal battle. He just had to use a little.

Therefore, after Shorty deduced that it couldn’t defeat Turtle and Little Quas, it gave up struggling. With its performance to this extent… it shouldn’t fall out of the top ten, right??

The Time Sect Master… lost!

Moreover, it was defeated the whole time!

This scene stunned countless spectators, including the spectators of the cosmic overlord army.

What a joke… That Time Sect Master… That Time Sect Master who could shatter Red Ants like they were nothing…

Even without the support of a Beast Tamer this time, it actually couldn’t even break through the opponent’s defense??

Wait a minute, the World Destruction Dragon lost, and the Time Sect Master lost… Great God Shi Yu… was eliminated just like that??

“Impossible, definitely impossible!!” Countless Shi Yu supporters couldn’t believe that Shi Yu’s pet, which had swept through the cosmic overlord army, had lost just like that. They couldn’t accept that Shi Yu had been eliminated without even going on stage.

…

In the outside world, Baby Ginseng, who was paying attention to the battle, felt that this kid was worth teaching when it saw the way Turtle defeated Shorty.

In the team internal competition, one should think of a countermeasure according to the opponent’s skills in advance!

This was the battle method of intelligent creatures!

As long as they controlled themselves and didn’t have any hostility towards Shorty, they could directly cripple Shorty’s Retribution White Tiger and reduce its attack power by 30%. With the defense of the Super Holy Beast, Shorty couldn’t break through their defense at all.

Of course, it wasn’t easy to do this either. The reason why Little Quas and Turtle could do it was because they were teammates with a contract connection. This relationship was even more reliable than blood relations. If it were other non-Shi Yu pets, it would be impossible.

“Yi…” Baby Ginseng looked at the next battle list and adjusted its glasses.

Susu vs the World Cleansing Demon Duck!

Baby Ginseng vs Super Holy Beast!

Eleven vs Chi Tong!

Buggy vs Ling!

The elimination of Shi Yu’s two pets directly caused a huge commotion in the various realms. Most people who didn’t know were very unacceptable to this outcome.

A small number of people who knew were already numb. For example, Phoenix Man, Zi Lan, and the others, who had been to Blue Planet, exploded when they saw the pile of Shi Yu’s pets left on the God Sealing Battle list.

If it weren’t for the fact that they couldn’t talk nonsense without Shi Yu’s permission, they really wanted to spoil the show for these ignorant spectators.

The two who had just been eliminated, the two powerful pets that had swept through the geniuses of the overlord army, were only the second team of Shi Yu’s second team!!

This God Sealing Battle… was about to be destroyed by Shi Yu!! This top eight battle directly became the team’s internal competition!!

“In the end, it’s finally come to this?” The Space Emperor, Lin Feng, and the others looked at the battle list and were rather silent.

At this moment, the Floating Realm was going to lose.

“Shi Yu is really a strange person.” The five super divines of Blue Planet were additionally together. They paid attention to Shi Yu’s advancement progress the whole time. At this moment, when they saw that the top 10 had already been completely monopolized by Shi Yu, their feelings were extremely complicated.

If the Dong Xuan Region and the Heavenly Demon Region wanted to nurture a genius who could enter the top 10 and 100, they had to wait many years for one.

Shi Yu, on the other hand, had all his contracted pets and occupied the top 10…

“Perhaps our mother planet really has some great luck,” the Phoenix Race super deity said. “I’m looking forward to returning to our mother planet more and more.”

As a race born on Blue Planet, although the five god races had left Blue Planet for a long, long time, as long as they returned to Blue Planet, they could still quickly establish a “bloodline” connection with Blue Planet again.

At that time, when Blue Planet advanced, they could obtain a lot of benefits. On the contrary, if they supported other planets and other planets advanced, the benefits they obtained would be much lesser than Blue Planet’s advancement. It was equivalent to the difference between a biological mother and a stepmother.

“Seniors, the championship is imminent. There’s something I want to discuss with you.”

“About Shi Yu.”

“There might be someone who wants to harm Shi Yu.”

At this moment, as the final fight approached, the Space Emperor and Lin Feng additionally found the five super divines of Blue Planet again.

“Who???” At that moment, the five super divines on Blue Planet treated Shi Yu even more intimately than their clansmen. Whoever dared to touch Shi Yu at this instant was undoubtedly provoking them.

“Who is it?” The angel goddess’s tone was additionally a little cold.

“The Four Saints of the Four Holy Families are super divine!” Lin Feng said. As soon as he finished speaking, the expressions of the five super divines on Blue Planet froze.

“Why are they trying to harm Shi Yu???” The Kirin Race’s super deity couldn’t understand.

The super deity level was divided into exceeding 1 to transcendent 9. The five of them were all super divines who had transcended once. They were the weakest super divines, and the Four Saint super divines of the Four Holy Families were all powerful super divines above transcendent 4. Not to mention five against four, even if it was five against three, it was still a question if they could win.

“Seniors, don’t panic first.”

“Nonsense, why would we panic? Not to mention the Four Saints super divine, even if the cosmic overlord army wants to harm Shi Yu, they have to pass by us first… So, what exactly is going on?”