Chapter 1505 - 1505 The Person Who Sees Through The Truth (1)

1505 The Person Who Sees Through the Truth (1)

The audience discovered that this year’s God Sealing Battle was the most difficult to predict.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Shi Yu brought the World Destruction Dragon and the Time Sect Master to sweep through the elite recruits of the cosmic overlord army. Just as everyone thought that Shi Yu would be a powerful candidate to win the championship, the World Destruction Dragon was shattered by the World Cleansing Demon Duck. The Time Sect Master was crushed by the Super Holy Beast…

Just as everyone was lamenting the strength of the World Cleansing Demon Duck and the Super Holy Beast, the World Cleansing Demon Duck directly surrendered when it encountered its opponent. The Super Holy Beast was even insta-killed!

It gave people the feeling that there were reversals everywhere, and that each beast was stronger than the other.

“This ginseng emperor is simply unbelievable. I understand. The Super Holy Beast is a Black Tortoise Evolver. The Turtle Snake-type Black Tortoise is evolved from the fusion of two lives! However, the unique skill used by the ginseng emperor just now is like Time Reversal, reversing the Super Holy Beast to before evolution, splitting them into two, and their battle power is greatly reduced!”

“It doesn’t seem like the ginseng emperor has displayed very powerful attack methods, but this is clearly more terrifying than Zavay!”

The audience felt their hair stand on end. They had completely underestimated this ginseng emperor previously. Why did it have such a terrifying skill?

“Next round… Eleven vs Chi Tong. Who do you think will win…”

“At the moment, Eleven’s best battle result is to defeat Zavay, but winning isn’t easy.”

“And contestant Chi Tong’s best battle result is to instantly kill the son of the Demon Emperor with a sword…”

“The two of them are ranked first and second among the newbies by the box god…”

“Of course, from the looks of it, the box god’s ranking isn’t accurate. Perhaps it’s because Eleven and Chi Tong displayed more strength before the ranking that they’re ranked first and second… The hidden methods of the ginseng emperor and the others at the bottom are also very terrifying.”

“But it’s undeniable that Eleven and Chi Tong are still very strong. Eleven should have used all his trump cards to fight Zavay, but contestant Chi Tong looked extremely calm when he fought the son of the Demon Emperor. Perhaps contestant Chi Tong still has trump cards.”

“I bet that contestant Chi Tong will win. As long as contestant Chi Tong’s trump card is powerful enough, he might be able to defeat Eleven!”

The audience kept analyzing the next battle between Eleven and Chi Tong. Among them, Eleven, who had defeated Zavay, was very strong in everyone’s eyes, but there were no secrets.

However, they couldn’t see the depth of contestant Chi Tong’s sword that instantly killed the son of the Demon Emperor. They didn’t know if it was its strongest strength, so from the looks of it, the outcome of the confrontation between the initial and second rookies was still uncertain.

However, considering the reversal of the previous battles, most of the audience felt that Chi Tong had a higher chance of winning!

There was no other reason than that Chi Tong was more mysterious and beautiful. It gave people the feeling that they could win to the end.

In response to this battle, the son of the Demon Emperor, Tian Shang, Ming Gu, Zavay, and the others, also paid extreme attention.

Soon, the battlefield opened.

This was a forest venue. In the center was a large empty space, surrounded by a forest with rich natural energy. This randomly matched venue didn’t look like it had any bonuses for both parties.

Just as Ling had said, luck was also a part of strength. On this point, the mechanism of the God Sealing Battle was also acknowledged. As for the confrontation between Eleven and Chi Tong, clearly, neither party’s luck had the upper hand.

Eleven and Chi Tong slowly appeared on both sides of the ground and looked at each other.

Chi Tong, who was in the form of a Sword Maiden, was the initial to smile. From the first battle, the Death Sword Maiden Chi Tong had always been very cold and had a silent aura. This was the first time everyone had seen her smile!

Unbelievable!

“Since the opponent is you, I won’t hold back!” After smiling, Chi Tong came up and chose the strongest ultimate move!! Its final profundity!!

Immortal Slaying Sword Formation!

“Wu wu wu!!” Eleven, who was opposite Chi Tong, was angry. Damn Chi Tong. Eleven was very stifled to encounter Chi Tong so early.

This was because Chi Tong was definitely very strong. Although Chi Tong had gotten initial place in the previous batch because of Shi Yu’s support, Chi Tong’s accompanying move could be said to be the most perfect existence in the entire team.

Eleven experienced that if it wanted to defeat Chi Tong, it had to pay a huge price.

“What is she doing?” As Chi Tong changed its usual expression, the audience was rather surprised. Chi Tong, who was opposite Eleven, directly let go of the fire-patterned Black Sword in its hand, took it out, and flew into the sky to disappear!

“A move I’ve never seen before.” The gazes of the opponents who had been insta-killed by Chi Tong rotated cold.

In the next moment, with shocking sword cries, everyone also discovered that something was wrong and looked at the sky in shock.

At some point, four huge sword phantoms suddenly hung in the sky. Each of them was a thousand meters long.

At first, they were phantoms, but as the sword cry sounded, they gradually gained divine power. One of them had a purple light secret in the silver-white sword body. In an instant, it was as if it had transmigrated into an endless space and time and descended, reflecting the endless spatial profundities. Then, in front of everyone, it was instantly covered by a red light that filled the sky. The light was as dazzling as a blazing sun, and the sword cry that sounded like a sparrow’s cry sounded. A red immortal sword suddenly appeared, like a world-destroying divine weapon.

The descent of the third immortal sword, accompanied by a vast death aura, swept up black clouds that stretched for thousands of meters. The black sword body was filled with death nirvana fluctuations.

The fourth one had just descended. The unstoppable metal sword aura seemed to have pierced through the sky and space, collapsing everything. It also formed a Heavenly Sword Formation that towered in all directions with the other three immortal swords. With shocking sword pressure, it sealed the entire small world in the sword formation.