Chapter 1507 - 1507 The Person Who Sees Through The Truth (3)

1507 The Person Who Sees Through the Truth (3)

Boom!!

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Space distorted, and the world shattered.

Every audience looked at Eleven and Chi Tong in a daze, especially Zavay. His body kept trembling as he looked at Eleven, who was controlling the eight trigram clone…

This move…

Top-notch clone army divine skill…

“When it fought me, it didn’t use its full strength at all…” Zavay was in a daze as it looked at the battle scene in disbelief. It originally thought that it had already forced Eleven to the limit and into its strongest state.

However, the other party actually still had such a trump card!!

The audience realized that they had made a mistake again!!

Not only did Chi Tong hide its peerless trump card, but Eleven was also the same. Moreover, its trump card was quite shocking and incomparably powerful. The eight armored Iron-eating Beasts whose auras weren’t much inferior to Eleven gave everyone the same terrifying feeling. Every clone seemed to be able to take down the top 10 of the God Sealing Tournament!

Boom boom boom boom boom boom!!

Under the continuous collision of the two divine formations, the audience felt that the entire world had already collapsed. After losing consciousness, the audience didn’t know how long had passed. When everyone returned to their senses, the eight trigrams array had already disappeared. The eight trigrams clones were all half-knelt on the ground, as if there was no life left.

In the sky, the Death Sword Ji Chi Tong had an indignant expression. The four immortal swords shattered with a bang.

Obviously, the Vermillion Bird clone and itself had already exceeded the burden and reached their limit.

She looked at Eleven, who was standing on the Taiji Painting. Its condition wasn’t much better than the Bean Bears, but it was much better than her. Its eyes were still filled with warpath. It closed its eyes slightly unwillingly and fell from the sky.

“You win…”

Before landing, Chi Tong was directly teleported out of the world. Seeing Chi Tong admit defeat, Eleven roared excitedly as the eight trigram clone disappeared!!

“Roar!!! (I am the Panda King!!)” It was Little Ji and Duckie possessing him.

But soon, Eleven’s expression turned bitter. Although it had defeated Chi Tong, its eight trigrams clone was gone. It hoped that Baby Ginseng and the others could also exhaust each other’s trump cards. Otherwise, its champion position would really be in danger!

The competition ended!

Eleven won!

Although some people guessed this result correctly, the process completely shocked everyone. They didn’t guess correctly.

This battle once again explained to everyone what a battle between gods was!!!

“I don’t understand…”

“Scary, too scary… Chi Tong’s move was already so terrifying, but it actually lost??”

“What kind of monster is this Eleven!!”

“Is this the strength of the first and second rookies??”

Everyone found it unbelievable. They felt that they couldn’t understand the situation anymore.

Outside the battlefield hall, Chi Tong was teleported out. It sighed slightly, and sharp sword intent still lingered on its body. As the surrounding contestants looked at her in shock, she also looked weakly at the battle screen hanging on the wall.

“The next battle…”

Soon, everyone paid attention to the last battle of the top eight and top four, Ling vs the Worm of Imagination!!

Regarding Ling’s strength, no one doubted at all that Ling, who had mastered the Starry Sky Storm, was definitely a super big boss of the Space Disaster Research Institute. Perhaps it didn’t have a human mechanic at all. After all, after the audience thought about it carefully, they couldn’t think of a Level 9 mechanic who could nurture the Starry Sky Storm machine.

Perhaps Ling was a quasi-divine machine created by some super divine mechanic or super divine mechanical life form without a contract.

As for Ling’s opponent, no one actually felt anything. Firstly, Buggy’s newbie introductions as the Time Sect Master and the Super Holy Beast were too ambiguous. Moreover, it had always been in Buggy’s body, so they really couldn’t tell how it was strong.

Of course, it wasn’t strong. It was just that, compared to other newbies, ranking fourth was definitely not weak. However, Buggy had yet to display its true strength, making it impossible to see through.

“Ling is really lucky. It’s the starry sky venue again!!”

After the battle between Buggy and Ling began, the audience realized that they had been matched to the starry sky venue again.

For Ling, who had mastered the Starry Sky Storm, this was simply a huge enhancement effect.

However, on the starry sky arena, Ling gazed at Buggy opposite it without any joy. As a constellation god, the Green Dragon was also a universe god from the last era. The starry sky was also its home ground.

This time… its good luck didn’t take effect.

Or rather, Buggy’s ability was too comprehensive and almost omnipotent. In front of absolute strength, luck seemed a little unnecessary.

“I bet on the Worm of Imagination to win!!! The previous battles were all reversals. This combat will definitely be reversals too. It must be the Worm of Imagination that hasn’t displayed its strength before and hasn’t been thought highly of!” This time, a gambler learned to be smart. The chances of winning were reversed. The villa was close to the sea!

Although Ling’s Starry Sky Storm was very strong and its luck was heaven-defying, according to the rules of the previous matches, it definitely looked weak and had a higher chance of winning!

“A bunch of people believe they’re smart. The power displayed by that Starry Sky Storm can definitely rank in the top three of the unique skills that have appeared in this God Sealing Battle!” Ming Gu thought!

Only Eleven and Chi Tong’s unique moves might exceed that of Starry Sky Storm.

When the combat began, Ling didn’t say a word and directly condensed the Starry Sky Storm, planning to trap Buggy. Then, it kept backing off and pulling away from Buggy.

This move stunned the audience. Although Ling had also began Starry Sky Storm previously, it had always been calm. But this time, why did it suddenly retreat as if it was facing a great enemy?

On the starry sky arena, Buggy stared at Sister Ling…

“Ji… (Sorry.)” For the sake of honor, it was going to eliminate Ling in this battle!