Chapter 1518 - 1518 Champion Moment (4)

1518 Champion Moment (4)

“President Saatchi, is the candidate for this year’s examiner still ‘Jermon’?”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“That’s right, it’s Jermon.” In the face of his assistant’s question, President Saatchi stroked his beard and said, “Go and send it this year’s God Sealing Battle video.”

“Well… Considering the special situation… Don’t just send the video of the finals.”

“Send the top 16 over.”

“If I remember correctly, this is its last time as an examiner, right? After this, the modification points can accumulate to the standard and be released from prison.”

“Yes,” the assistant with a human appearance and a camera on his head said. This was clearly a modified person. Otherwise, it would be very unscientific for a human to have a camera on his head.

In the center prison of World King City.

This was the second largest prison on World King Planet, where a group of extremely ferocious sinners was imprisoned.

However, compared to the number one prison, “Cosmic Sea Prison”, the prison here seemed a little docile.

In the Cosmic Sea Prison, even super divine-level criminals were imprisoned, while in the center prison of World King City, only some divine-level criminals were imprisoned.

Apart from that, there was another obvious characteristic of the prison in the center of World King Planet. There were more descendants of large families here.

Some descendants of large families who had committed crimes and were not easy to deal with would be sent here to be modified and undergo various hard work. When the modification was completed, there was still a possibility of being released from prison.

The examiners of the past champions of the God Sealing Battle were actually the criminals here.

Being an examiner of the God Sealing Battle was one of their modification quests.

After President Saatchi’s assistant entered the first prison, he arrived at a cell under the lead of the prison guard.

In the cell, there was a black yak lying on the ground in boredom.

“Jermon!” President Saatchi’s assistant said, “The God Sealing Battle has ended this year.”

“Ah, it’s over?” The black yak looked at the camera assistant and said, “Is the winner still that crow?”

“No, there’s another candidate for the championship this year.”

“What? Someone defeated that crow?” The black yak was in disbelief. It felt like the crow wasn’t weak.

“Forget it, it doesn’t matter. As long as I’m the last examiner, I can be liberated, right?” The black yak said, “99 consecutive wins, our fight results are still alright. I’m about to win 100 consecutive wins!”

“100 years, 100 years, it’s so tough!” The black ox suddenly became angry.

“President Saatchi questioned me to tell you not to go against your grandfather after you go out. In addition, the champion of this year’s God Sealing Battle is very strong…”

The black yak, Jermon, had a grandfather who was a super divine-level expert and an ruler of the World King Planet.

The reason it was locked in jail was also because of the family.

It was all because Jermon was ignorant, incompetent, and extremely good-for-nothing. It even wanted to run away from home and idolize the cosmic overlord. It wanted to be a universe pirate and join the cosmic overlord army.

If it weren’t for these, it wouldn’t have been sent here to reflect.

Now, Jemon had been locked up for 100 years. It had probably lost the intention of being a cosmic pirate.

“I understand, I understand,” Jermon said.

A moment later, President Saatchi’s assistant left, leaving behind a battle footage of the top 16.

Jermon originally didn’t plan to look. After all, it was an intermediate god. It hadn’t reached the point where it felt that it couldn’t defeat a quasi-divine champion. However, considering that Zavay had been defeated, it still secretly took a look.

“What’s going on? Why didn’t Zavay even enter the top 16 this time? Who beaten him?”

“Where’s Ming Gu?”

“Well… There are indeed many powerful new faces this time. No wonder, no wonder.”

“This black and white bear is so fierce, and this one with a sword is also so fierce.”

“This Green Dragon, this machine…”

“Holy sh*t, they’re not bad.”

After the black ox finished watching, it fell into deep thought. The new face this time was indeed a little strong. This ginseng emperor who won the title actually knew the Time Mark!

“Self-destruction+Time Mark, and so many strange fruits. No wonder they could break out of a group of monsters. Every one of these monsters isn’t inferior to Zavay and the others. What’s going on this year!!”

“Fortunately, a mark was removed… Otherwise, I wouldn’t be able to withstand continuous self-destruction.”

“However, it’s wishful thinking to defeat your Grandpa Bull with this level.”