Chapter 1510 - 1510 Who Will Be King After Becoming A God (1)

1510 Who Will Be King After Becoming a God (1)

“What’s the origin of this ‘Exposing King’?”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

In the room, Shi Yu asked the Space Emperor and Senior Lin Feng.

“The reviews seem to be very poor. Although the information he exposed just now is all true, no one seems to believe it.”

“I believe it!” The gem cat, who was looking through the comments, said.

“You’re not human,” Shi Yu said.

Gem Cat: Angry.

Although it was the truth, why did the gem cat feel like Shi Yu was scolding it?

Lin Feng said, “He bumped into a dead rat this time. In the past, the revelations were mostly rumors. Rumors of Senior Space Emperor and I were spread by this old kid.”

The gem cat felt that someone was scolding her again.

Emperor Kong said, “It should be some unknown special race.”

“I’d rather offend a super divine level than expose some big news…”

“Just like how the Future Prediction skill can receive feedback after the premonition thing is verified.”

“Perhaps he also has the ability to become stronger by revealing unknown secrets.”

The starry sky of the universe was huge, and there were all kinds of strange things. Many people also had a guess about the situation of the Exposing King.

“If that’s the case, this ability isn’t bad,” the gem cat said.

It was suitable for curious people to be beaten up easily.

“Forget it, forget about this guy. If I know who he is, I’ll beat him to death,” Lin Feng said.

“Forget about killing it, why don’t we exchange for a bounty? Our Floating Realm will have money,” the Space Emperor said. “After all, it’s multiple super divines who jointly issued a bounty in the previous hundred realms…”

“Is this for real?”

Although Shi Yu didn’t care much about the Exposing King’s revelations. After all, in two days, this wouldn’t be a secret anymore, when he heard that he had actually spread rumors about the Space Emperor and Senior Lin Feng, Shi Yu, who respected his elders, immediately couldn’t tolerate it.

Apart from being valuable, this guy’s skills should be very interesting, right?

“Meow?” The gem cat beside Shi Yu also had an angry expression. She hated rumormongers the most in her life. This guy had to be captured!

The gem cat had decided. After Shi Yu became stronger, she would ask the owl to catch the Exposing King together!

“It’s true, but it’s indeed difficult to catch. If even a super divine level can’t catch him, forget it. Next, let’s pay attention to the top four…” Lin Feng and the Space Emperor looked at Shi Yu with slightly twitching expressions.

They had seen today’s competition.

Eleven vs Chi Tong, Buggy vs Ling—what kind of battle between gods!

Why did it give them the feeling that there was no need for ten of them to attack together at all? They could just choose a few to attack together and farm past the intermediate gods.

“Yes, let me take a look.” Shi Yu looked at the competition schedule.

The semifinals…

Susu vs Eleven!

Buggy vs Baby Ginseng!

Well… not bad.

There was another exciting battle to watch.

In fact, even Shi Yu himself watched the team internal competition very happily.

Because he didn’t know what trump cards the pets had prepared for their teammates.

For example, Baby Ginseng vs Turtle and Little Quas. Shi Yu originally thought that it would be an evil battle, but in the end, Baby Ginseng directly blew the other party into two and developed the Anti Black Tortoise Energy Fruit, almost stunning Shi Yu.

Baby Ginseng… was really a talent.

He felt that to a certain extent, Baby Ginseng was more talented than Ling.

No, or rather, the two of them were extreme!

Ling’s talent was how to make its teammates stronger!

It could think of many strengthening plans for its teammates.

However, Baby Ginseng could always think of ways to weaken its teammates… It could think of many ways to counter its teammates.

“Shi Yu, quickly tell me who can win,” Lin Feng said.

“I don’t know who can win either… Mainly, for the sake of fun, I indeed didn’t look into their trump cards,” Shi Yu said.

Lin Feng and the Space Emperor were silent. Did he really treat the God Sealing Battle as an entertainment venue?

“I can only tell everyone not to analyze their chances of winning according to conventional strength.”

“Just like how Baby Ginseng dealt with the Super Holy Beast previously… They prepared many targeted countering trump cards for the other party.”

“Everyone, wait and see. Well, they’re back…” After Shi Yu finished speaking, Baby Ginseng, Buggy, and the others returned home. However, the opponents they encountered, such as Eleven and Susu, Buggy, and Baby Ginseng, were no longer as friendly as before. The atmosphere was filled with gunpowder.

“This is the manual that every pet in Shi Yu’s team is very strong…” the gem cat girl said.

This made the Space Emperor and Lin Feng fall into deep thought about the cultivation idea.

Could it be that competing with each other in the team competition was the best way to increase strength?

“Perhaps…” The Space Emperor felt that he could additionally learn Shi Yu’s team internal competition mode.

“I like to see women fight.” After thinking about it, Lin Feng additionally decided to make a team internal competition in the future to let the pets fight and become stronger…

…

The next day.

The semifinals began.

Eleven vs Susu.

The audience felt that there was no suspense in this battle.

Although he possessed to admit that Susu was also extremely strong, Eleven, who was under the Eight Trigrams Formation, seemed to be one level mightier than when it fought Zavay.

It gave people a feeling of invincibility in the world.

In comparison, for Susu to be able to reach this stage, it gave people the feeling that it was already lucky.

Although the Cleansing Star Spirit Race was strong, its ranking of all races was only 77. It was a race not good at internal war and was only suitable to deal with external enemies like the Abyss Race.

Their unique skill, the Star Sea Contract, wasn’t suitable to be used in normal battles.

Therefore, Susu could rely on the time and ice-element quasi-divine skills, the Heavenly Frost Cold Energy, to prevail all the way until now. It even made the World Cleansing Demon Duck admit defeat willingly. Even the higher-ups of the Environmental Protection Association felt that Susu was already extremely proud and didn’t embarrass the Cleansing Star Spirit Race.