Chapter 1514 - 1514 Who Will Be King After Becoming A God (5)

1514 Who Will Be King After Becoming a God (5)

Buggy originally thought that it could resist Baby Ginseng’s self-destruction, but it didn’t expect that it couldn’t resist at all. It couldn’t even rely on the Creation Dragon Ball.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The self-destruction of the Sun and Moon Brilliance was definitely a move that could heavily injure intermediate gods.

It was directly blown up by Baby Ginseng until only the dragon bone was left. If it weren’t for the fact that the power of faith made Baby Ginseng immortal, it would have died already.

However, the power of faith consumed to revive once was also incomparably huge. The power of faith specified by Shi Yu wasn’t enough for it to revive continuously!!

As Buggy calculated the consumption, the terrifying soul explosion impact attacked again. Although the explosion this time wasn’t as strong as the previous time, it also made Buggy feel a huge crisis and warned it crazily!

In the range of the explosion, there was nowhere for it to escape!

“Roar!!!” Buggy activated the Creation Domain, but the moment the domain came into contact with the soul explosion, it directly shattered. The soul storm sent Buggy flying again. This time, it didn’t look injured on the surface, but the Green Dragon’s soul suffered an incomparable impact, as if its soul was about to dissipate!

“Roar!!!” Under Buggy’s painful roar, the power of faith quickly repaired its soul, allowing Buggy to withstand this attack. However, a despairing scene occurred.

The Time Mark was activated.

Under the gathering of the power of time, under the stunned expressions of Zavay, Ming Gu, and all the spectators of the God Sealing Battle, a seemingly unscathed ginseng emperor with a hexagram of time flowing in its eyes gathered in the sky again.

“Aren’t you admitting defeat?”

Its petals ignited with the rich flames of life. It was in an excellent state, and its pupils were filled with invincibility.

“I, who have mastered the Time Mark, keep self-destructing. It’s impossible for you to withstand it.”

“The self-destruction just now was just a warning. The next time I self-destruct, I’ll still add toxin.” Baby Ginseng looked at Buggy and threatened.

“It made the incense poisonous because I’ve never tried it. I can’t guarantee that you can still successfully revive.”

At this moment, the eyes of the originally shocked audience almost popped out.

“Zavay’s Time Mark???”

“It has two revival methods?”

“One is the revival of a race, and the other is… time revival!”

“Damn, no wonder it dared self-destruct!!”

“First, it revived with an undead, then with the Time Mark. In other words, if its Time Mark attainments are the same as Zavay, even if it self-destructs twice, it can still revive?”

“Wait, what kind of monster is this?”

“Most importantly, isn’t this its self-destruction move? It actually contains the laws of the sun and moon. It’s like the explosion of the sun and moon, and even the Dragon Ball that dispersed the Starry Sky Storm instantly sublimated.”

Self-destruction+revival.

Zavay had also believed of this combination skill, but because it couldn’t find a suitable self-destruction move, its self-destruction power was inferior to the five-element combination skill, so it finally gave up. Now, seeing someone use this strategy so perfectly…

Zavay collapsed again!

“What exactly is going on with this year’s God Sealing Battle?” It gritted its teeth. It… was the number one quasi-divine on World King Planet. Now, it experienced so down and out!

“Roar!!!” In the face of the confident ginseng baby, Bugg bared its fangs and brandished its claws, its heart stifled to the extreme.

It wasn’t just them. At this moment, no matter who it was, it was difficult to imagine the confrontation between the ginseng emperor and the Green Dragon just now.

The confrontation between the two parties at the cost of their lives was actually like playing in the eyes of the two parties when they were extremely nervous.

On one side, it could revive with the power of faith.

On the other side, it could revive with undead and time methods.

What a joke. Was this a battle that a quasi-divine could fight?

At this moment, when everyone heard the threat of the ginseng emperor to the Worm of Imagination, they were extremely numb. Even some divine-level experts felt their hair stand on end.

This ginseng emperor was too terrifying.

Everyone looked at the Green Dragon in unison. At this moment, the Worm of Imagination’s gaze kept flickering. In the end, it roared unwillingly, as if it admitted that its skills were inferior, and chose to admit defeat.

The faith incense offerings were poisonous?

Baby Ginseng even developed such a countermeasure?

Buggy was really a little afraid. Even if the incense wasn’t poisonous, according to its calculations just now, the power of faith in the rules definitely couldn’t let it defeat Baby Ginseng.

Although it experienced that it was a pity, in order to have a trump card to deal with the intermediate god in the end, it still chose not to fight Baby Ginseng and let Baby Ginseng preserve a Time Mark to increase its safety.

“Roar!!! (Wait next time, you win this time.)” The Green Dragon directly chose to admit defeat. However, every audience experienced that it was nothing for the Green Dragon to admit defeat because this ginseng emperor they had underestimated previously wasn’t as simple as it looked.

If the Worm of Imagination insisted on fighting, it might really die.

“Who said that these 10 monster rookies are all Shi Yu’s pets? I’ll kill whoever says so. If they’re all the same person’s pets, is there a need to work so hard?”

“Shi Yu himself doesn’t even dare make a sound.”

“I finally understand why so many realms have desired the Exposing King. He’s really unreliable.”

At this moment, Buggy was teleported out of the world. Baby Ginseng stood in the arena and enjoyed countless gazes. It sighed.

Sister Susu, don’t be afraid! The Anti-Susu Energy Fruit I readied for you is very gentle!

Baby Ginseng spun around, and Susu, who had made the outside world pay attention to the battle, experienced its heart skip a beat…

Who would become the king after becoming a god depended on the battle of Susu vs the ginseng emperor!