Chapter 1516 - 1516 Champion Moment (2)

1516 Champion Moment (2)

“Ning!”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Yi!!”

After looking at each other for a moment, Susu and Baby Ginseng’s might erupted.

Their gazes were filled with determination. As teammates, they were also telepathic.

It meant that no matter who lost the competition, they shouldn’t complain.

Susu was at the bottom every time. It was very miserable. Baby Ginseng was forbidden from self-destructing every time. It was also very miserable.

This was their only counterattack. Both parties had a huge desire for first place.

“What a strong battle intent…”

The audience instantly sensed the violent warpath of Susu and the ginseng emperor. The shocking warpath seemed to be able to break through the shackles of space.

“Ning!!!” Susu was the first to move, directly activating the origin wave.

“This move again!” The audience was already familiar with Susu’s move. This cleansing skill was too strong. It directly cleansed half of God of War Eleven’s strength under the enhancement of the Star Sea Contract. Even if Eleven used the Light Control and Light Speed to escape and displayed extreme speed, it couldn’t escape.

This was the first time everyone knew that cleansing methods could be so powerful.

However, this time, Susu didn’t seem to have activated the increase in the Star Sea Contract. No one knew if the cleansing wave without the increase could have a huge impact on Baby Ginseng.

But soon, not only was the audience stunned, but even Baby Ginseng was stunned.

Because the target of Susu’s purification wasn’t the enemy, but itself!

“Ning! (I think my bottleneck, pain, physical load damage… are all impurities!)” Susu’s gaze contained a shocking warpath as it surprisingly chose to cleanse itself. Baby Ginseng was very strong. Although Susu could also cleanse skills like Baby Ginseng’s time mark, without the strengthening of the Star Sea Contract, it was impossible for Baby Ginseng not to resist.

In comparison, cleansing itself could be completed in an instant. After temporarily cleansing itself, Susu directly activated the countless powers accumulated in the Infinite Devour Space and erupted!!

Susu had also started preparing for the God Sealing Battle a long time ago. Eleven could accumulate Bean Bears, Baby Ginseng could accumulate the Time Mark, the energy of the sun and moon in the Sun and Moon Fire Seed, and water-element power!

Although it was inferior to the infinite energy on Blue Planet, it could definitely allow Susu to have a huge backup energy source. Logically speaking, this energy was originally nothing. No matter how huge it was, Susu couldn’t use it and erupt in one go. It could only slowly mobilize it under the limit of its body’s burden.

However, when Susu used the origin fluctuations to break through these restrictions, a great demon king that exceeded the limit was surprisingly born. From the explosive fluctuations displayed by Susu at this moment, it even exceeded the ginseng baby that used the Time Fruit to break through the limit.

“What a powerful wave…” The audience exclaimed.

“Susu is indeed not someone to be trifled with.” The gem cat girl who was watching the battle also said to Shi Yu beside her.

On the arena, Baby Ginseng’s gaze also turned cold. So that was the case.

“Is this your trump card? Although it’s very strong, unfortunately… I’m more prepared.”

Then, it also activated the nature of the Time Fruit and temporarily broke through the limit to step into a higher domain. Two huge aura fluctuations collided with a bang!

Baby Ginseng stretched out its palm, and countless huge trees immediately grew out beside Susu. The huge trees were filled with fruits. Then, fruits filled with light exploded!

“Clear!” Susu emitted origin fluctuations and looked around to eliminate the fluctuations of the fruits exploding. When the energy of the fruits exploding approached it, they instantly turned into nothingness.

“I feel that this ginseng baby is in danger,” the gem cat said. “Although it has the trump card of self-destruction, it shouldn’t dare use it, right? From the looks of it, only self-destruction can pose a threat to Susu, but if it dares self-destruct, Susu will dare risk its life to cleanse its Time Mark, making the Time Mark incomplete and the ginseng baby unable to revive. Both parties are in a state of ‘forbidden arms deterrence’.”

“Because it’s not a life-and-death battle, they definitely aren’t willing to take the last step and don’t dare bet.”

Shi Yu, Susu, and Baby Ginseng understood what the gem cat said. However, the direction of the battle still couldn’t develop as everyone expected.

“Baby Ginseng… might have thought of this,” Shi Yu said.

Seeing that the ordinary Energy Fruits created couldn’t threaten Susu, Baby Ginseng took a deep breath and condensed 90% of its energy into an Anti-Susu Energy Fruit of the Wood Life Clone. It grew on a enormous tree closer to Susu.

Boom!!!

The explosion of the strongest Anti-Susu Energy Fruit directly made Susu’s expression turn cold, and it experienced a enormous threat from the fruit.

“Clear!” Susu cleansed this extreme Anti-Susu Energy Fruit. However, because the power contained in this Anti-Susu Energy Fruit was too huge, Susu solely cleansed a portion. The energy aftermath still quickly swept through Susu’s entire body!!

“Cleanse!!”

Susu first felt intense damage, but it wasn’t afraid. It had already cleansed its pain, damage, and other negative states and broken through the limit. This power might not necessarily be able to threaten Susu.

However, Susu still experienced vaguely uneasy…

It looked at Baby Ginseng opposite it from the corner of its eye.

“General.” As Baby Ginseng finished speaking, Susu was stunned. At random, its gaze suddenly became empty. Apart from the damage from the explosion, the power of reincarnation in the fluctuations erupted!

Susu experienced that it looked to possess been instantly pulled into an empty space with endless white and black light. Countless memories began to surge into Susu’s mind. Many memories made Susu fall into a stunned state like a horse looking at a flower. These were the memories of the Blue Sea Sprite Susu that had reincarnated for hundreds of millions of years and was constantly activated by the Reincarnation Fruit.