Chapter 1511 - 1511 Who Will Be King After Becoming A God (2)

1511 Who Will Be King After Becoming a God (2)

As for a higher ranking… Considering the monster performance of Eleven, Buggy, and the others, the chances were really not high.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“If nothing goes wrong, Eleven will be the champion of this God Sealing Battle,” Zavay, Ming Gu, and the others thought in silence.

Chi Tong, Ling, Little Ji, Duckie, and the others, who had already been eliminated, also watched the final direction of the team internal competition seriously.

One was Susu, who had been at the bottom for several consecutive years, and the other was Eleven, who was the strongest candidate to win the championship every time. They felt that this was the end for Ling.

“Quack…” Duckie put its palms together piously.

Big Sister Susu, losing to Eleven is justified.

At this point, it’s already a huge improvement. We’ll work hard next time!

Emperor Kong, Lin Feng, the gem cat, and the others entered the live-stream immediately to see the cruelty of Shi Yu’s team internal competition.

“Wuu!!” On the sky arena, Eleven looked at the Starry Sky Slime opposite it quietly.

“Admit defeat.” However, to everyone’s surprise, just as it appeared on the battlefield, Susu confidently spoke and asked the other party to admit defeat.

This…

The audience was stunned.

In front of it was a terrifying guy who had defeated Zavay and Chi Tong.

“Wuu!!!” Eleven was dissatisfied.

How is this possible?

Does Susu still want to rely on the origin fluctuations to cleanse all my battle intent?

Then let’s see if Susu can cleanse faster or if my warpath can erupt faster.

The deterrence of both parties erupted at the same time!

At this moment, the Environmental Protection Association and even God Bing Ling were watching the battle in secret, paying attention to this new little cleansing star spirit.

However, even this super divine Beast Tamer shook his head at this battle.

Susu was indeed strong and had mastered a top-notch cleansing divine skill, but unfortunately, this skill alone wasn’t enough to defeat Eleven, who had multiple top-notch divine skills.

That was unless Susu used the Star Sea Contract to strengthen the origin fluctuations. However, this undoubtedly violated the rules and restrictions of the Star Sea Contract. It would cause Susu to have a serious backlash and even lose the ability of a cleansing star spirit…

“Wait?! Is it crazy?” Just as the Bing Ling God felt that this battle might end in Susu’s defeat, she discovered in disbelief that starlight suddenly lingered around Susu’s body.

It was actually activating the Star Sea Contract to strengthen its origin fluctuations.

“The cleansing star spirit used the Star Sea Contract. Isn’t it afraid of the backlash?”

Countless spectators were also shocked to discover that Susu directly used the forbidden skill, the Star Sea Contract.

This was a unique skill that could only be safely activated by protecting the starry sky environment.

If the opponent was from the Abyss Race, it wouldn’t be a problem for Susu to activate it, but its opponent shouldn’t be related to polluting the starry sky environment, right?

Could it be that in order to win, Susu didn’t care even if it suffered the backlash of the Star Sea Contract?

“Huh?” Eleven was also stunned as Susu activated the Star Sea Contract.

In the next moment, Eleven’s expression changed as if it had encountered a bolt from the blue.

“Ning!” Susu sent a voice transmission to Eleven.

“You devoured the meteorite fragment and evolved by devouring the pollution power of the Dark Demon God of the Yun Race. I think there’s a potential risk of polluting the starry sky environment on you, so I want to cleanse your Demon God power!”

After Susu finished speaking, origin fluctuations directly bloomed from its body.

All the spectators could clearly see that as a cleansing wave that was as vast as the sea of stars came from Susu’s body, Eleven seemed to be shocked together. The arena under its feet instantly shattered, and it turned around to escape at the speed of light.

“What’s going on?” Seeing that someone as strong as Eleven was actually frightened by Susu in one round, the audience was stunned.

However, soon, they knew why Eleven wanted to escape. Eleven couldn’t be faster than the origin fluctuations enhanced by the Star Sea Contract at all. In an instant, the cleansing fluctuations enveloped Eleven. While Eleven was stunned, it felt the power of the Demon God in its body quickly disappear.

“Wuu!!!!” All the spectators could hear Eleven’s heartbreaking voice, like a child whose lollipop had been snatched away!!

It was very desperate!

All the spectators could additionally sense that Eleven’s state was decreasing rapidly, and the power in its form was being extracted.

“This!!”

The audience was extremely shocked as they looked at Eleven, who was enveloped by the cleansing wave.

Could it be that the cleansing star spirit had cleansed Eleven’s power?

What a joke. The purifying skill had already reached this level?

Zavay and the others couldn’t believe it.

Fortunately, the power of the Demon God didn’t disappear completely. It only disappeared completely.

But even so, Eleven was stunned on the spot. This was because the more energy its form had, the stronger its physique. Its One Thought of God and Demon additionally needed the power of a Demon God to activate it.

Now that it no longer had the power of the Demon God in its body, it was equivalent to having half its battle power crippled.

“Ning!!!” At this moment, Susu moved. Susu was additionally very difficult to cleanse this time. It more or less suffered a backlash, but using the relationship of Eleven eating pollution trash and the fact that it wasn’t completely eliminating Eleven’s power of the Demon God, Susu successfully restricted Eleven at the smallest cost.

Under the influence of Baby Ginseng, it was additionally thinking about how to target its teammates.

It had long been unhappy that Eleven ate pollution trash. Now, Susu could finally cleanse Eleven openly!

It directly triggered the time-element Heavenly Frost Cold Energy and froze the surrounding time. In the face of this move, Eleven could easily counter it perfectly with the One Thought of God and Demon, but now, with only half its strength, it couldn’t activate the perfect One Thought of God and Demon at all, causing its reaction speed to greatly decrease…