Chapter 1515 - 1515 Champion Moment (1)

1515 Champion Moment (1)

“Hello, is this President Feng?”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

In the luxurious manor, the gem cat girl wore a pair of sunglasses and leaned against a summer bench, looking at the screen in front of her like a rich woman.

On the screen in front of him was an excited old granny in a grass skirt.

“Madam Ying!!!”

The president of the Blue Wave Plant Association didn’t expect that Madam Ying, who was with the ginseng emperor, would actually contact him at this moment.

Shi Yu had never interfered in Baby Ginseng’s matters at the Blue Wave Plant Association. The gem cat did it for him.

Speaking of Baby Ginseng, the vice president of the Blue Wave Plant Association would also be speechless. Although they had finally fought for the ginseng emperor to become the vice president of the Blue Wave Association, apart from selling things, Baby Ginseng didn’t have any presence at all. It didn’t participate in any activities. Even if it sold things, it would let Madam Ying appear…

Not long ago, it had disappeared for a long time.

To the surprise of the Blue Wave Plant Association, as soon as they returned to their senses, the ginseng emperor was already killing everyone in the God Sealing Battle.

Now, it had even entered the finals and become one of the champion candidates.

“President Feng, you saw the God Sealing Battle, right?” the gem cat said.

“I’ve taken a look. President ginseng emperor is indeed powerful! It’s simply the pride of our plant association!” President Feng said.

The gem cat said, “That’s right. Don’t the outside world want to know how the ginseng emperor became so strong?”

“What exactly is your plant association doing?”

“If we don’t advertise now, when will we? I want its name to spread throughout the World King Planet in two days!”

“The advertising slogan is: Do you want to become stronger? Then eat one. Do you want to become a genius in the limelight? Then eat one. If you want to become the champion of the God Sealing Battle, eat one. The same Cultivation Fruit as the ginseng emperor, it’ll send you straight to the top 10 of the God Sealing Tournament!”

“The botanical association’s all-out gift! The best cultivation resource of the year! The story behind the ginseng emperor! No matter who suffers, we can’t let the child suffer!” The gem cat girl took off her sunglasses with a serious gaze!

“I believe those gods who look forward to their sons becoming geniuses will definitely raise such resources to an astronomical price.”

“After all, we can’t let the child lose at the starting line.”

President Feng was stunned… Huh?

…

“It’s been arranged.” The gem cat girl returned to the hall and said to Shi Yu, “The finals are about to begin. Why aren’t you concerned at all?”

Just as the gem cat entered, it saw Shi Yu, Chi Tong, Eleven, and Buggy playing mahjong.

“Why don’t you guys bring Ling along to play?”

Just as it finished asking, the gem cat felt that its question was a little unnecessary.

“The finals are about to begin. It feels really fast.” Shi Yu stretched. He also understood very well that after this, it would be the true beginning of his life on World King Planet.

Before the God Sealing Battle, he was a newbie who had just arrived at the World King Planet and developed everywhere.

After the God Sealing Battle, he would inevitably walk into the vision of the various large factions and compete with many factions, including the five major divine races on Blue Planet, including the Four Holy Family.

At that time, he probably wouldn’t be so free.

…

“The finals have finally come!!”

“I’m looking forward to it!!”

“I wonder who can win between Susu and the ginseng emperor.”

It was time for the audience to be excited again.

It could be said that before reaching the semifinals, no one expected that the ones who entered the finals were actually the cleansing star spirit Susu and the ginseng emperor.

This final battle added a magical color to the ridiculous direction of the God Sealing Battle again.

The ratings of this year’s God Sealing Battle were already the highest in 100,000 years. After all, in the previous batches, people didn’t need to look to know that Zavay was probably first again.

But this year, Zavay was eliminated in the first round, directly making the popularity of the God Sealing Battle unprecedentedly high.

Then, the 10 monster newbies that appeared one after another also became the focus of the audience.

“The champion of this year will be decided between the two newbies.”

“One is a genius secretly cultivated by the Plant Association, the ginseng emperor.”

“The other is a genius secretly cultivated by the Environmental Protection Association, Susu.”

“This isn’t just the peak battle of the God Sealing Battle, but also the competition between the two major factions!”

“Did these institutions agree to release the hidden secret geniuses together… Is something big going to happen next?”

Compared to the rumors of the Exposing King, people were still more willing to believe that these newbies were secretly cultivated by some large factions and suddenly released.

The Cosmic Crow Race had been impressive for so long. Was it going to be attacked by the various large institutions collectively?

In the only live broadcast room, the number of people entering kept rising. Before the battle even started, the popularity had already exceeded any competition.

Soon, the two contestants who were in the finals appeared one by one.

This was an ordinary venue, and no one had the advantage. After Susu and Baby Ginseng appeared on both sides, both parties didn’t immediately start a battle under countless gazes.

“Hu…”

“Hu…”

Instead, they looked at each other with extremely serious expressions.

“I didn’t expect that the final opponent would be you.”

“I didn’t expect you to be the final opponent either.”

Neither Baby Ginseng nor Susu expected that that final opponent would become the opposite party. They originally thought that the final opponent would be Eleven, Buggy, or Chi Tong, who had once won the team championship.

In that end, on one side was the only ginseng baby that had never won the championship.

On that opposite side was Susu, who was at the bottom of the first team every time.

Not toward mention that two of them, even Eleven and also the others were rather surprised.

This damn competition system!