Chapter 1517 - 1517 Champion Moment (3)

1517 Champion Moment (3)

Although it was impossible to really activate all the memories over hundreds of millions of years, it was still incomparably huge. Information never stopped surging. Susu wanted to forcefully stop this state and cleanse a lot of trash information, but it felt that its thoughts were out of control. It even lost the ability to activate the origin wave.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

However, under Susu’s powerful obsession, the origin fluctuations still automatically began to cleanse the trash information. However, the reincarnation information of Susu was too huge, and the cleansing time needed was huge.

Therefore, in the eyes of the outside world, it became the cleansing star spirit that was still at an advantage just now. It was instantly frozen on the spot and kept cleansing itself as if it had lost its mind.

The weak ginseng baby walked towards Susu step by step. Countless tender shoots appeared beside Susu and stabbed into its body!

During this period of time when Susu couldn’t react, the huge energy it could provide as a water-element life form was instantly absorbed by the plant life ginseng baby!

The originally weak ginseng baby began to recover, and the powerful Susu began to become weak!

“Yi!!!” As Baby Ginseng roared, the sea of trees that filled the sky grew crazily with Susu as energy, and the huge energy that Susu erupted with was crazily extracted!!

Under the stunned gazes of the audience, after Susu finished cleansing the pile of trash memory information and finally recovered control of its body, its expression froze again. It felt that its body had already lost most of its strength.

Opposite her, Baby Ginseng, who was leaning against the Infinite Tree Sea, looked at Susu and directly threw out a “20s Dizziness Fruit”. Its research suit fluttered as it turned around coolly.

Boom!!!

“Ning!!!” Under the explosion, Susu directly fainted.

“Knowledge is power.” Baby Ginseng wrapped its arms around it, unable to bear to see Susu eliminated by it.

Susu, forgive me. Although I know you want to get first place very much, I’ve never gotten first place!

[Winner: ginseng emperor!]

“Holy sh*t!!!” As soon as the battle ended, although the audience didn’t understand what had happened, they instantly stood up in confusion.

At this moment, the battle elf gradually analyzed the process just now and explained in shock,

“Contestant ginseng emperor used unknown methods to make contestant Susu enter a special state where it lost its ability to think, thereby finding an opportunity to reverse the battle…”

“It’s that unbelievable fruit effect again. The attack methods of the ginseng emperor contestant seem to be endless. It’s impossible for the opponent to guess its battle goal.”

“There’s no doubt that this is a decisive battle that was won with skill instead of absolute strength!”

“The champion has appeared!!”

As they shouted at the battle elf, Shi Yu and the others also stood up. Eleven, Buggy, Chi Tong, and the others also took a deep breath.

Baby Ginseng… This guy had really developed the Energy Fruit that countered all its teammates during this period of time!

After researching the Anti-Teammate Energy Fruit for so long, Baby Ginseng seemed to have finally mastered its research results and reached its peak.

“Damn…” the gem cat muttered.

“The champion is born. The champion of this team internal competition is Baby Ginseng.” Shi Yu smiled.

“You have to work hard next time.”

“Perhaps the reward for the next team internal competition champion is the source of transcendence, the second opportunity in the team to enter the super divine level.” Shi Yu smiled.

The competition was intense.

The pets immediately had a high fighting spirit. As expected, the team internal competition was more exciting. No one knew what trump cards their teammates had created. It was much more interesting than fighting the geniuses of the World King Planet!

…

The champion of the God Sealing Battle was finally announced, and the multiple realms trembled.

Zavay, Ming Gu, and the other contestants stood on the ground and looked up at the sky, thinking about something.

Perhaps it was because they couldn’t believe that this year’s God Sealing Battle would be so complicated and that the champion would finally fall onto the originally ordinary white radish, the ginseng emperor.

“This is the power of the plant element!!!” As Baby Ginseng won the championship, a bunch of plant lives were extremely excited.

How long had it been since a plant life had won the championship?

Compared to the cosmic life forms of other races, plant life forms had always been the weaker party.

50% of the plant lives were in the status of food and supplements and were hunted.

If it weren’t for the fact that this ginseng emperor looked powerful, everyone experienced that its appearance was truly quite like supplements.

In short, no matter what, this ginseng emperor immediately made the plant life form feel proud and confident again.

The title of ginseng emperor had also become a title pursued by some plant races.

“I want to be the Flower Emperor when I grow up!”

“I’ll be the Grass Heaven Emperor!”

“I, the Garlic Emperor, am invincible!” Baby Ginseng’s fans appeared in the various major domains. At this moment, the plant association also initiated to advertise according to the gem cat’s requirements.

Now that Baby Ginseng was the champion, the advertisement effect would probably be even more explosive!

“Hahahaha, the ginseng emperor won the championship. Shi Yu’s pet won the championship!” On the Blue Planet’s side, the five super divines were extremely happy to see Baby Ginseng win the championship.

“What’s there to be happy about? The pets in the top eight all belong to Shi Yu. Won’t the winner definitely be one of his pets?” Emperor Kong said.

The five super divines were speechless.

“Next is the most important thing. It’s the winner challenge. Only by passing the champion challenge can Shi Yu be qualified to obtain the permanent teleportation array.”

“No problem.” The five super divines were full of confidence now. Eleven against one, how could they lose?

…

As the finals ended.

The God Sealing Battle Committee also initiated to prepare.