Chapter 1513 - 1513 Who Will Be King After Becoming A God (4)

1513 Who Will Be King After Becoming a God (4)

“He actually used his full strength right from the start. The Worm of Imagination takes the ginseng emperor very seriously!”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Holy sh*t, it directly smashed the Dragon Ball?”

Not only did they take it seriously, but under the gazes of the audience, the Green Dragon almost ferociously smashed the Dragon Ball with its dragon claws!!

A shocking killing intent lingered around its body, as if it wouldn’t stop until it smashed Baby Ginseng to death.

“Is there a problem…” The audience exclaimed.

Buggy’s Dragon Ball could even smash a huge hole in the Starry Sky Storm. Its lethality was huge. Baby Ginseng’s small body really didn’t look like it could withstand it.

“Hey, hey, hey.” In Zi Jian’s special forces, Zi Jian watched Baby Ginseng’s battle and frowned.

Because she knew that Baby Ginseng was Shi Yu’s pet, she originally believed the Exposing King’s revelation, but now that she saw Buggy’s ruthlessness, she wondered if this was something a contracted beast of the same master could do?

These two probably had a grudge for killing their father!

“The ginseng emperor is in danger!” Baby Ginseng’s supporters were also extremely nervous.

However, to everyone’s surprise, in the face of this attack that directly wanted Baby Ginseng’s life, Baby Ginseng itself also revealed an expression of facing death calmly.

“Bang~” Baby Ginseng’s mouth changed and it emitted the onomatopoeic words. It was first raised to the divine level by the power of time. Then, the Sun and Moon Fire Seed spinning in its body was directly ignited!

The energy in its body began to expand and explode.

Any creature present was very familiar with this familiar energy waveform change.

Self-destruction.

The ginseng emperor actually started to self-destruct!

“What!” Zi Jian was so scared that she directly got up from her seat with a shocked expression. Wait, wait!!

All the spectators who were paying attention to this battle were stunned.

Damn it.

So there was really a life-and-death grudge between them?

One used the strongest killer move without any intention of holding back, while the other saw the other party offer its killer move and directly self-destruct, swearing to perish together. How much hatred and resentment was there?

“Yi!!! (Sun and Moon Brilliance, explode!!!)”

Under Baby Ginseng’s voice, with a boom, Baby Ginseng fell like the sun and moon. Endless strong light bloomed from its body.

“Roar!!!” Buggy let out a heart-wrenching roar. The attack continued, letting the audience see the cruelest battle.

Both parties were fighting with their lives!

Bang!!!

Under the shaking of the entire small world, the screen was directly covered by strong light.

The entire sky first darkened. With a loud bang, it created a world that belonged to the night, changing the entire weather.

The dark sky and bright night moon made everything silent.

Right on the heels of that, a dazzling sun slowly rose and lingered with the moon in the night.

Under the alternation of the sun and moon.

Boom!!!

The explosion wave spread for the second time, and everyone could only vaguely see the state of both parties. Baby Ginseng undoubtedly died instantly, and the terrifying energy wave it released shook the sky and earth, as if the sun and moon had exploded at the same time. Even if the Worm of Imagination held a star world, in the face of self-destruction of this level, Buggy’s Dragon Ball still instantly sublimated!

Including Buggy’s dragon claws, Buggy’s body was instantly devoured by the strong light.

“Roar!!!” Accompanied by Buggy’s miserable cry, the audience and the battle elf looked at the scene in a daze. After Baby Ginseng died, the ten-thousand-meter-long Green Dragon was also burned to death by the strong light, leaving only the huge charred drake bone blown away by the frightening aftermath and losing its life fluctuations!

Such a terrifying confrontation made the hearts of hundreds of millions of spectators pound. Cold sweat flowed, and their bodies trembled.

“No, no way… Are they… worth it? Why?”

A large number of contestants who had encountered Baby Ginseng had pale faces. They were suddenly a little glad that they weren’t strong enough and weren’t worth Baby Ginseng self-destructing. They were extremely afraid.

Under the pale gaze of the audience, it was suddenly impossible to tell what venue it was. In the already messy small world, golden flames burned on the charred dragon bone. Under the burning of the flames, in just a few seconds, the power of faith reforged Buggy’s body. It roared and bathed in the flames to be reborn, flying into the heavens again with a domineering and shocking posture.

“It revived?”

The audience looked at the Green Dragon in a daze, but before they could be surprised by Buggy’s revival, they followed Buggy’s gaze and looked at the dark ground.

“Yi…” Under the swaying of the light pollution, on the ground, a ghost-shaped ginseng baby grew up like a new sprout and looked at the Green Dragon with a burning gaze.

The ginseng emperor… also revived after self-destructing!

Moreover, it was in the form of a ghost!

Just as the audience was stunned, Baby Ginseng stretched out its hand and squeezed the Worm of Imagination. In the next moment, a strong soul explosion wave bloomed from Baby Ginseng!

The consecutive resurrections of both parties were undoubtedly a enormous reversal. Just as everyone’s thoughts couldn’t keep up, Baby Ginseng self-destructed again!

“Holy sh*t, again!!!” Everyone was surprised to discover that after the ginseng emperor revived, it surprisingly chose clueless consecutive explosions.

Baby Ginseng wasn’t afraid of blowing Buggy up. Buggy, who had the reserves of power of faith and had mastered the Green Dragon Indestructible Body, had an immortal body.

In other words, as long as it consumed the power of faith specified by Shi Yu and let Buggy consume it, it would win.

And the resources it could use were two Time Marks. And now, it had yet to use one. It only used the Sun Moon Fire Seed and the Soul Fruit to fight the enemy!

Now, Baby Ginseng’s battle power was fully released!

“Death Quartet. The second movement.” Baby Ginseng’s voice came under the light of the soul eruption, making Buggy in the heavens roar. Damn, it was truly so ruthless!