Chapter 1519 - 1519 God Sealing In This Battle (1)

1519 God Sealing in this Battle (1)

Shi Yu’s manor.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The team internal competition finally ended. Shi Yu’s pets recovered their peaceful and friendly relationship and played happily together.

Next, they had to unite against the outside world and fight an intermediate god. They couldn’t let their tacit understanding be injured because of the team internal competition.

“Yi!” Although the ginseng emperor had won the championship, it also knew that it was impossible for it to defeat an intermediate divine examiner alone. It still had to rely on its teammates.

“Wuu!!” Eleven expressed that Baby Ginseng should leave the subsequent champion challenge to us. Don’t even think about self-destructing.

Be a support obediently!

Baby Ginseng had already gotten first place, so it could forget about showing off in the champion challenge.

“Yi…” Baby Ginseng had a bitter expression, but it was refuted by its teammates’ gazes. However, Baby Ginseng also knew that self-destruction indeed couldn’t be played casually.

There were so many teammates beside him, and self-destruction wasn’t controllable. Apart from blowing up the opponent, it might also blow up his teammates. It wasn’t good.

Unless necessary, it couldn’t use it!

“Quack…”

“Quack…”

In the distance, Duckie comforted Susu. Second place was already very good!

“Quack!! (Why don’t we wait? No matter how much limelight the champion challenge gives, at that time, I’ll pollute the intermediate god and let it have the aura of the abyss. Big Sister, activate the Star Sea Contract again, then cleanse and instantly kill it!)”

“Ning!” Susu glared at Duckie. If there were too many cheats, it would also suffer a backlash!

“Come, come, come, I’ve already summarized the examiner’s battle moves and battle weaknesses. Everyone, come and take a look. I’ll analyze it for everyone…” At this moment, Ling called out to everyone.

“The examiners of the recent 99th batch are all awesome. It’s called ‘Jermon’.”

The entire team cast sharp gazes. F*ck!

After this battle, let’s go home!

…

The next day, the God Sealing Champion Challenge began.

In the silver fire basin, the Sun Fire, which represented the power of the star, burned fiercely as the holy fire of the competition.

The audience was already full. The God Sealing Battle was held in the second world online the whole time, but the championship challenge was different.

This was an additional challenge organized by World King City online. The champion of the God Sealing Battle vs the intermediate divine examiner chosen by the competition authorities!

If one could successfully challenge someone two levels higher, they could obtain the highest honor and be recognized as having it. As long as they didn’t die, they would definitely become a super divine aptitude and be able to obtain the quasi-cosmic treasure that even super divine level life forms yearned for, the permanent teleportation array of World King Planet.

At the scene, more than 1 million spectators were there. They were all high-quality spectators from the God Sealing Battle. Apart from that, the contestants who performed well in the God Sealing Battle and the major media outlets also had the qualifications to enter the God Sealing Arena.

In the center of the arena was a stone arena. It looked to be only a hundred meters in length and width, but the arena contained spatial laws rewritten by super divine-level experts. Ordinary people couldn’t walk to the other end from one end in their lives. It was much larger than what they could see with the naked eye.

“You’re here.” It was almost competition time. Baby Ginseng and Shi Yu rushed over from home. When they wanted to enter the venue through the contestant passage, they realized that there were no other staff there. Instead, an old man was waiting for them.

“Ginseng emperor, Shi Yu.” President Saatchi smiled and said, “You guys have turned the world upside down in this God Sealing Battle.”

“Until now, most of the audience is still in the dark.”

“Yi!”

“My family is too poor, so I had no choice but to do this,” Shi Yu stated with a smile.

“The rewards for the second to tenth spot of the God Sealing Battle have been prepared. When the God Sealing Battle completely ends, you can go and collect them. As for whether you can receive the champion reward for first place, it depends on today’s battle.”

“Hurry up and go. It’s not long until the competition starts.”

“I’ve already greeted the host. He’ll introduce your situation.”

With President Saatchi’s blessing, Shi Yu and Baby Ginseng entered the contestant passage and entered the contestant’s room to wait.

…

In the venue, the audience was extremely enthusiastic.

The host, who was wearing a black formal suit and black sunglasses, walked to the arena and said, “Hello, audience friends!!!”

“The championship challenge that everyone has been looking forward to is about to begin!”

“Firstly… President Saatchi said that he still doesn’t want to talk this year. Let’s fast-forward to the competition segment!”

“Alright!!!” The audience’s enthusiasm increased.

“This year’s championship test is different from the previous years. In the previous 79 years, it was contestant Zavay who won the championship consecutively and obtained the challenge opportunity. But this year, a newbie forcefully charged out and became the greatest dark horse. He won the championship when no one expected it!!”

“It’s… the ginseng emperor!!”

On the duel screen, in all directions above the audience, a domineering photo of Baby Ginseng in a research suit appeared.

“Ginseng emperor! Ginseng emperor! Ginseng emperor!!”

As countless spectators shouted, somewhere in the audience, Zavay sighed and felt its chest tighten. Beside it, Ming Gu patted it with a smile.

“Next, do you still want to participate? Your Time Mark has already been tempered to a very high level through the God Sealing Battle, right? Why don’t we forget it and break through to the divine level? There will be those monsters in countless years. It’s meaningless.”

“You want me to give up the contest and have one less competitor, right?” Zavay said.

“How is that possible? As long as you give up the competition, I’ll give up the contest too. I feel that there’s no way to struggle these guys.”

The two of them looked at each other and sighed infinitely in their hearts.

On the venue.

The host continued, “And the examiner the ginseng emperor is going to test next is our old acquaintance, Jermon!”