Chapter 1528 - 1528 Everyone Breaks Through To The Divine Level (2)

1528 Everyone Breaks Through to the Divine Level (2)

Why wasn’t it as strong as that Demolishing Divine Bull?

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Ling: “?”

“That’s because the increase in divine power, apart from the strengthening of resources, mainly depends on the level and number of divine skills. I’ve just advanced a quasi-divine skill!”

“Because I’ve accumulated pretty well before the divine level. My current divine power level is already very high among primary gods!”

“At least it won’t lose to Ancient God Golden Bull!”

“Master, continue to add points. Add all my remaining quasi-divine skills to divine skills. Show them my limit!” After Ling finished speaking, it looked at Shi Yu.

“Add!” Shi Yu chuckled.

After the Mechanical Spirit… was Wind Control… After Wind Control… was Wind Blessing!

Just like that, Shi Yu slowly added points to Ling. After Ling’s Turning Misfortune into Luck, Wind Control, Wind Spirit Bead, and Wind Blessing from quasi-divine skills to the divine skill stage, Ling’s divine power indeed increased to a terrifying level.

A large amount of divine power appeared in the Heart of God.

Soon, Ling seemed to have reached a bottleneck and broke through with a bang. Under the shocked expressions of Eleven and the others, Ling broke through to the primary-level god and reached the intermediate god level!

Compared to when it reached the bottleneck just now, its divine power had doubled.

Boom!!

Ling’s powerful divine might directly made Eleven and the others’ hearts pound. They felt that Ling could easily kill them at this moment.

“How is it!” Ling said.

Shi Yu was extremely excited. As expected of his pet, its aptitude was good. Its divine skills had just been upgraded, and its divine power had reached the level of an intermediate god.

“This is because the quality of these divine skills isn’t low…” Ling said.

There were three ways to increase divine power. First, to increase the proficiency level of the divine skill. The higher the quality of the divine skill, the more divine power it would obtain after its level increased. Of course, it was even harder to increase the level of this divine skill.

Second, by cultivating a large number of divine techniques, for each divine technique cultivated, it could gain some divine power. The higher the quality of the new divine technique, the more divine power it would obtain, and this included non-racial divine techniques.

Third, it would still use resources to strengthen itself and let the Heart of God automatically transform energy into divine power.

The extent of the three’s increase in divine power was that the level of the divine skills was greater than the number of divine skills and the strengthening of resources.

Battle power was also related to this.

Now, Ling’s increase in level relied on the second method.

“There’s more, there’s more.” Shi Yu continued to add points to Space Control, Light Control, Future Prediction, Starry Sky Storm, and Nine-Colored Divine Light.

One after another, it was added to the divine skill stage by Shi Yu.

The quality of these teaching skills was even terrifyingly high. Ling’s divine power fluctuations were still increasing quickly. Soon, it was close to the peak of an intermediate god, giving Eleven and the others a feeling that Ling alone could fight that Space Worm alone!

Hu…

After all the points were added, Ling’s level finally stopped at the intermediate god level. It was a pity that it couldn’t break through to the high-level god level in one go.

However, at this moment, Shi Yu’s brain rumbled. He felt that the Beast Taming Space had improved under Ling’s feedback.

He had directly advanced to the third level of the divine level!

“How fierce,” Shi Yu couldn’t help but say.

“Thank you, Master.” After Ling completed its breakthrough, it was extremely happy. It felt that in time, it could quickly advance to a high-level god.

At this moment, it could completely sense how impressive and unbelievable changes had happened to its skills with divine power and divine skills.

It now completely had the battle power to destroy planets!

“By the way, Master, is the difficulty of adding points to divine skills high?” Ling asked a question it was very concerned about.

If it wasn’t high, they could completely instantly advance to perfect god.

“Of course it’s high. What are you thinking?” Shi Yu smiled. “Even the success rate of Wind Control is extremely low. The success rate of Wind of Blessing and Starry Sky Storm is also 0. The difficulty of increasing it is huge.”

“But there’s no need to worry. As long as there are skills that could add points, it’s easy. Your level enhance won’t be slow. After my level increases, I believe these skills that can’t add points will return to normal.”

“Alright!” Ling was relieved.

“Wuu!! Wuuu!!” At this moment, Eleven and the others couldn’t wait anymore when they saw how fierce Ling was after breaking through.

It expressed that it wanted to break through next.

“Add!!” Shi Yu’s heart rippled. He felt that after the entire team leveled up, his battle power would definitely undergo a qualitative change!!

Even if it couldn’t compare to Lin Feng, the Space Emperor, and the others, it should be considered an expert among divine-levels.

“Buggy, go first,” Shi Yu said. After Buggy’s Dragon of Imagination was raised to the divine skill stage, it could still let it evolve again and learn fresh skills.

Shi Yu wanted to know what kind of transformation Buggy’s strength would undergo after it evolved into the Green Dragon 3.0!

“Roar!!!” Buggy immediately flew over excitedly and circled in the sky.

Shi Yu directly activated the Green Dragon Domain and added points to it.

For example, although Ling had only advanced to the divine level this time, because it involved evolution, Buggy’s breakthrough was huge.

Fortunately, this island was all in Buggy’s creation domain. It was harmless and couldn’t affect the outside world.

“Roar!!!” A moment later, in the clouds, a huge divine dragon circled in the sky and let out a shocked roar. It was extremely excited.

Chi Tong, Shorty, Turtle, and Little Quas gazed at it in a daze.

It understood why it was so excited.

As the Dragon of Imagination advanced to a divine skill, Buggy directly evolved into the Green Dragon 3.0. Although its appearance didn’t change, a fresh skill was indeed born.

Compared to a fresh skill, it was more similar to one of its old skills had undergone a transformation and advanced under this evolution!