Chapter 1526 - 1526 Breaking Through To Divine-Level Beast Tamer (4)

1526 Breaking Through to Divine-level Beast Tamer (4)

“Wait, wait?” The World Tree was shocked. It looked at the teleportation anchor and said, “You obtained the championship of the God Sealing Battle and completed the champion challenge?”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“What’s so difficult about that? I even killed the Abyss Worm. This guy is considered one of the best among the intermediate gods, right? To us, the God Sealing Tournament is naturally indiscriminate.” Shi Yu smiled and gave him a thumbs up.

“It’s just the baby cup!”

The World Tree was also speechless. The green worm’s eyes were filled with shock as it looked at the teleportation array Shi Yu had left behind.

“Aunt World Tree, there’s no problem, right? I’m going to break through. I’m so anxious. After I break through, I’ll come back to Goddess Wa’s Ruins. You probably haven’t let anyone else in yet.”

“No…”

“That’s good. I’ll leave first.”

The World Tree watched in a daze as Buggy flew away with Shi Yu. It never expected that the permanent teleportation array that even the super divine level disciple of the Space Emperor, Zi Lan, mentioned would really be brought back by Shi Yu just like that.

However, on careful thought, with Shi Yu’s monstrous strength, it seemed to be only natural. Now, the World Tree really wanted to see how the God Sealing Battle of the World King Planet was and how Shi Yu obtained the championship…

“Work!” It looked at the teleportation array. After building this, it should know.

…

At this moment, after throwing the teleportation array to the World Tree, Shi Yu directly got Buggy to build an island close to him. He didn’t choose to break through in Inatella, afraid that it would affect the World Tree’s establishment of the teleportation array.

On the island, after Shi Yu landed, he sighed and meditated on the spot without saying a word.

At the same time, Shi Yu’s pets, including Qi and Little Zi, also came out of the Beast Taming Space.

They looked at Shi Yu with anticipation.

After Shi Yu broke through to the divine level, they could also break through to the divine level!

“Coming.” Shi Yu had already cultivated to the extreme of Level 9 in World King City and was on the verge of breaking through at any time. At this moment, Shi Yu entered a meditative state again and attacked the shackles to strengthen the two Beast Taming Spaces. His Beast Taming Space with the golden barrier trembled with a bang.

“Huh?” The breakthrough this time was very special. It was a little different from any other time in the past. Under Shi Yu’s gaze, his two Beast Taming Spaces appeared to have shed paint. The golden color began to fade and slowly change to colorless. It returned to the state of the Level 1 Beast Taming Space and felt like it had returned to its original state.

Shi Yu wasn’t surprised. The Level 10 Beast Taming Space itself was a colourless barrier for restoration. He had long known about this. What surprised Shi Yu was that the first Beast Taming Space, the second Beast Taming Space, and the two Beast Taming Space appeared to be colliding with each other and squeezing each other. With a boom, as Shi Yu’s two spaces changed, they actually fused together and became an even larger Beast Taming Space!

Boom!!!

At this moment, Shi Yu’s physique, soul, and mental fortitude underwent another transformation.

It made him look like a humanoid ferocious beast, emitting an aura that was enough to crush demigods.

At this moment, Shi Yu had a feeling that the top 10 fighters in the God Sealing Battle would all be him,

However, this wasn’t the focus of the pets.

“Quack?” After Duckie and the others sensed their home and fused with the home of a team of seniors, Little Ji and Duckie looked at each other and revealed ecstatic expressions.

Was this considered a different promotion to the first team?

“Ning?” Of course, Susu didn’t seem to welcome Duckie and the others. When it thought of how Little Ji and Duckie wanted to be in the same Beast Taming Space as them, it felt a headache. This was because the entire team knew about Little Ji and Duckie’s ADHD.

“Although it has fused, the contract rules haven’t changed. The 20 contract slots are stable.” Shi Yu sensed it again and confirmed that apart from fusing, the two spaces had become stronger and the environment had become better. There didn’t seem to be any disadvantages.

Not only was there no disadvantage, but there were also benefits. As the two Beast Taming Spaces fused, Shi Yu discovered that two days had appeared in the sky of the Beast Taming Space. These two layers of sky contained a huge amount of origin power of the Beast Taming Space. It was a surprise.

“Second level of the divine level!” Shi Yu said.

He didn’t expect that once he fractured through, he would reach the second level of the divine level. There were a total of 10 levels for the divine level. The two Beast Taming Spaces broke through at the same time, one level higher than the new divine level. It appeared to be the benefit of the accumulated foundation of the two spaces.

At this moment, the greatest benefit of the origin power of the two heavens to Shi Yu was that apart from allowing him to be reborn, increasing his stats in various aspects, and increasing his vitality, the origin power had also upgraded after fusing with the telepathy and physical control talent that came with the first and second Beast Taming Space!

Telepathy and advancing to the divine level contained the laws of the mind. At this moment, Shi Yu could even affect the emotions and thoughts of other lives through telepathy.

Body control and advancement to the divine level allowed Shi Yu to obtain unbelievable body control. He had the ability to regrow broken limbs, leave his soul, and create mental clones without the power of his pet.

At this moment, what increased was the accompanying talent in the Beast Taming Space. Talents like space, time, and fusion didn’t increase. Shi Yu still had to cultivate on his own, as well as the telepathy domain derived from telepathy. It was the same.

However, this wasn’t the main point.

“Holy sh*t.” As Shi Yu was shocked, every pet sensed Shi Yu’s astonished mood.

What was going on? This was…

The pets gazed at Shi Yu in anticipation. What good thing happened?

“This is asking me not to be human!!!”

Shi Yu gazed at the skill index. As expected, as he fractured through to the divine level, the skill index also changed. It upgraded and had a new function!!

< Name > Origin Plunder

< Introduction > The user can materialize the book. When a super divine level life form dies in front of the user, by activating the Origin Plunder ability, it can increase the probability of drawing the other party’s source of transcendence!

…