Chapter 1523 - 1523 Breaking Through To A Divine-Level Beast Tamer (1)

1523 Breaking Through to a Divine-level Beast Tamer (1)

Shi Yu ascended to the top of the God Sealing Battle and became famous throughout the world.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

After that, the revelations of the Exposing King were dug out by the audience again.

Those comments below, swearing never to believe, had tragically become the target of criticism…

At this point, Shi Yu’s pile of information was gradually released.

The fact that the monster Beast Tamer Shi Yu and the 10 new stars were also from the Floating Realm was completely verified.

“I know the Floating Realm. Although it’s only a second-level realm, their realm overlord is said to have a battle record that surpasses that of a super divine!”

“That’s right. The super divine expert on that battlefield even personally praised the realm lord, Wang Kong’s heroic and powerful strength, and thought that he had a chance of becoming a super divine in the future!”

“Hiss… Is the lord of this Floating Realm so strong? There are simply endless monsters in this realm. Now that Shi Yu has obtained a permanent teleportation array, won’t this realm take off? Although it can’t become a first-level realm, it can basically become an existence in the top 10 of the second-level realm.”

The Floating Realm was filled with joy.

The Wang, Lin, Zhao, and Lu families were extremely excited. They didn’t expect the geniuses brought back by World Master Wang and Lin from their mother planet to be so valiant.

Those Floating Realm factions who originally felt that the plan of the Space Emperor and Lin Feng to find their mother planet was unrealistic and not very meaningful fell silent. The benefits might not be reciprocated.

In the Dong Xuan Region and the Heavenly Demon Region, some top-notch gods who assisted Wang Kong and Lin Feng in carrying out the plan to find their mother planet also went blank the whole time in this God Sealing Battle.

Of course, the most difficult to understand was still the genius, who was also from Blue Planet like Shi Yu and was picked up by the Angel Race and the Demon Race.

The Fallen Angel Prince of the Demon Kingdom and the Holy Maiden of the Rongguang Nation were already completely depressed at this moment. They originally thought that when they arrived at the World King Planet and were brought back by the divine race as geniuses, it would be the start of their rise.

However, they didn’t expect that Shi Yu, who had suppressed the younger generation of the entire planet on Blue Planet, would reach the top again and become the number one quasi-divine in the universe only a year after coming to the World King Planet!

As for them, they had only just adapted to the World King Planet in a year… The difference was so huge that it made them despair.

However, the Dong Xuan Realm and the Heavenly Demon Realm were allies with the Floating Realm, after all. The arrival of the permanent teleportation array would benefit the entire Blue Planet. They were still relatively happy.

Although there was joy, there was also worry. The powerful families that crossed hundreds of realms, the Four Holy Family, were very anxious!

The ancestors of the four major families started a meeting from afar again.

At this moment, the eyes of the Four Saints were also filled with disbelief.

When the Black Tortoise super divine said that someone would bring the Four Holy Beasts to take away the Four Holy Ruins in the future, although they believed it, they didn’t take it seriously and thought that this matter wasn’t difficult to solve.

However, as they paid attention to the God Sealing Battle, the Super Holy Beast, and the other Four Holy Evolvers, they were gradually shocked.

It was confirmed that the God Sealing Beast Tamer, Shi Yu, was the person in the Black Tortoise super divine prophecy.

However, the Four Holy Beast Tamers mentioned by the Black Tortoise super divine weren’t as simple as the Four Holy Beast Tamers!

In his team, there was also the vice president of the Environmental Protection Association, the cleansing star spirit, the vice president of the Plant Association, the ginseng emperor, and the vice president of the Space Disaster Research Institute… the Starry Sky Storm battleship Ling!

In addition, Shi Yu had become the strongest Beast Tamer to complete the champion challenge in the new batch. The attention he received now was incomparably huge.

He was almost the focus of the entire World King Planet and even obtained the favor of the cosmic overlord army.

At this moment, the Four Saints super divine couldn’t help but feel a trace of fear, thinking that Shi Yu couldn’t be touched easily.

At this moment, the Black Tortoise super divine finally understood why the divination result was very ominous.

With the strength of the Black Tortoise Family, it was probably extremely difficult to come into contact with and stop the other party from obtaining the Four Holy Ruins.

“If it’s said that before confirming that person, the other party only had the potential of the ‘Four Saints super divine’…”

“Then now, combined with the other party’s shocking battle results, the other party has become someone with the ability to definitely have the ‘Four Holy super divine’,” the Vermillion Bird super divine said. “How should we deal with it? Just watch helplessly as the other party takes away the Four Holy Ruins?”

The White Tiger super divine said, “With the other party’s identity, it’s indeed not easy to handle with. If the other party really comes to take the Four Holy Ruins, we can use other resources to exchange for the Four Holy Ruins. Let Shi Yu show us a few respect. The Four Holy Ruins is currently a public ruin and concerns the interests of all the Four Holy Evolvers on the World King Planet. With this pressure, he might not dare take the Four Holy Ruins with the risk of offending all the Four Holy Evolvers on the World King Planet.”

“We can use righteousness and stand on the moral high ground to suppress him.”

“No matter who the other party is, there cannot be a second Four Saints super divine on the World King Planet,” the Green Dragon super divine said. “I won’t allow a second Green Dragon super divine to be born.”

As a powerful super divine that had transcended several times, it had this confidence. On the World King Planet, there weren’t many people stronger than it.

“Of course, but this matter is troublesome and needs to be discussed at length,” the Vermillion Bird super divine said. The Four Holy Family was nothing to be afraid of. With the four of them joining forces, apart from the World King, there was really no one to be afraid of on the World King Planet, even these special institutions.

Their Four Holy Family also had numerous clansmen holding important positions in the Plant Association, the Environmental Protection Association, and the Space Disaster Research Institute!

Moreover, their main target was solely Shi Yu’s Four Holy Evolvers. The various huge institutions didn’t have to extend their reach that far, right? They took care of the another party, but if the other party didn’t show respect and didn’t take care of them, they couldn’t be blamed for not being polite.