Chapter 1521 - 1521 God Sealing In This Battle (3)

1521 God Sealing in this Battle (3)

“Shi Yu? Is he very famous?” Examiner Jermon was stunned on the spot. Why did it feel that cheers for this human were even higher than for the ginseng emperor?

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

In the arena, the host was also stifled. When he learned about today’s incident from the inside of the God Sealing Battle, he was far more shocked than these people.

At this moment, in the 177th Fleet of the cosmic overlord army, Luster, the super divine, sat on the throne and took a deep breath. As expected…

“He’s actually really the contractor of the ginseng emperor.”

Back then, when the Exposing King revealed that the 10 newbies were all Shi Yu’s pets, Luster naturally received the news. He immediately sent his subordinates to investigate and verify it. At the same time, he asked Zi Jian, who seemed to know Shi Yu, in order to verify it with her.

The answer Luster obtained from Zi Jian was, “I can’t be sure either, but what I can confirm is that at least the ginseng emperor is Shi Yu’s pet.”

Just obtaining this news was enough to surprise Luster. He didn’t expect that apart from contracting mechanical beasts and faith beasts, Shi Yu also contracted plant pets.

After the ginseng emperor won the championship, Luster asked about Baby Ginseng’s research results, the Cultivation Fruit and the Reincarnation Fruit. Luster’s mood was even more subtle after finding out more. This meant that Shi Yu was at least an expert in three subjects: botany, machinery, and archeology.

This made Luster like and desire Shi Yu even more.

At this moment, seeing Shi Yu completely publicize his relationship with the ginseng emperor in public, Luster seemed to have also sensed the shock of the audience present and couldn’t help but say, “Shi Yu has to be roped in at all costs.”

Apart from the super divine Luster, the geniuses from the Blue Wave World Plant Association who knew Baby Ginseng were also shocked.

They couldn’t believe that the ginseng emperor who created the Cultivation Fruit and caused a frenzy in the Blue Wave World actually had a contractor, and this contractor was God Shi Yu, who had swept through the cosmic overlord army.

This was simply ridiculous to the extreme.

At the venue of the champion challenge.

Amidst the commotion.

Shi Yu had already stood beside the ginseng emperor. The host said, “Alright, now that the ginseng emperor’s contracted partner, Shi Yu, has already appeared. Next, I’ll count down. The competition officially begins!!!”

“10…”

“9…”

When the host counted down, the audience had yet to react to their shock. They observed Shi Yu and the ginseng emperor.

At this moment, Shi Yu, who was beside the ginseng emperor, made a gesture that made all the spectators swallow their saliva.

Summon a pet!

According to the rules of the God Sealing Battle, as long as there was a contract connection, it was considered a whole being.

Therefore, even if Shi Yu summoned new pets, these pets and Shi Yu could be regarded as pendants for the champion ginseng emperor.

However, the audience knew very well that what Shi Yu summoned next wasn’t a pendant equipment of the ginseng emperor!

What he wanted to summon was clearly the World Destruction Dragon that wasn’t much inferior to the ginseng emperor!! The Time Sect Master!!

“What, there’s a pendant?” On the other side, the unaware examiner, Jermon, was slightly stunned when it saw that Shi Yu actually continued to summon the battle pendant during the countdown.

This ginseng emperor was greedy. Just one pendant wasn’t enough. It even had to contract a few more pendants to assist it.

Jermon’s expression became even more serious.

However, soon, its serious expression couldn’t hold it in anymore.

“Roar!!”

A huge summoning array appeared not far behind Shi Yu. Accompanied by a dragon roar, the World Destruction Dragon appeared in shock.

When it saw Little Ji, Jermon was directly stunned. Wasn’t this guy the World Destruction Dragon that lost to the World Cleansing Demon Duck in the top 16??

How could it, how could it…

Before it could react, a second summoning array appeared.

Behind Shi Yu, a short White Tiger walked out of the summoning array and let out a king’s roar.

“Roar!!!” Shorty looked at Jermon with battle intent.

Jermon was stunned again. Holy sh*t, wasn’t this the Time Sect Master who lost to the Super Holy Beast Black Tortoise in the top 16?

Wait a minute, why was it also…

While Jermon was thinking, a scene that stunned not only it, but also all the spectators appeared.

Shi Yu’s summoning array was still appearing!!

One, two, three, four… A total of nine summoning arrays appeared!!

Including the ginseng emperor, there were 10 summoning arrays!

Shi Yu was clearly a Level 9 Beast Tamer, and the color displayed on the array was also at Level 9, but he actually contracted 10 pets!!

Of course, this wasn’t difficult to achieve on the World King Planet. The divine contract and special modification methods could allow the Beast Tamers to have a few more contract slots. However, the more creatures they contracted, the more spatial assets had to be distributed, and the greater the burden on themselves. Hence, very few Beast Tamers did this.

However, Shi Yu did it. Moreover, these weren’t the most important things. Most importantly, the audience perceived that every one of the pets Shi Yu summoned was extremely familiar!

Examiner Jermon gazed at the creatures Shi Yu summoned one by one in shock…

“Quack!!!” The World Cleansing Demon Duck wore a black eyeband that fluttered in the breeze, looking evil.

“So many people.” The main body of the Super Holy Beast Black Tortoise sighed after appearing. The three-headed snake behind it stared at the enemy with cold eyes.

“The climate is pretty good.” After Ling materialized and perceived the weather, it nodded. It was suitable to use the Starry Sky Storm and wouldn’t be affected.

“Ning!” Susu’s eyes were filled with warpath. It decided to take revenge here and become the MVP of this battle to relieve the repentance of not being able to win the championship.