Chapter 1525 - 1525 Breaking Through To Divine-Level Beast Tamer (3)

1525 Breaking Through to Divine-level Beast Tamer (3)

At this moment, after finally confirming that they had obtained the permanent teleportation array, the five super divines began to think about it again.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The three races naturally hoped to settle in the Dong Xuan Region.

As for the angels and demons, they definitely hoped to settle in the Heavenly Demon Realm.

The permanent teleportation array was divided into two sets. One was brought to Blue Planet by Shi Yu, and the other was placed where?

“Seniors, you’re also thinking about this?” Lin Feng said unhappily. “Shi Yu fought for this teleportation array. Why don’t we place it in his realm?”

“Everyone, stop fighting.”

“In any case, his realm is also established between the Floating, Heavenly Demon, and Dong Xuan realms. It’s not troublesome for any of us.”

“That’s right.” The Space Emperor nodded. In any case, it was impossible to build it in Dong Xuan Realm and the Heavenly Demon Realm.

When the five super divines on Blue Planet saw this, they couldn’t say anything. Alright, alright, it was considered fair.

“Then it’s decided. Shi Yu will go to Blue Planet to fix the teleportation array first. When the location of the realm is confirmed, we’ll fix the teleportation array here,” the Kirin Race super divine said.

“During this period, let Shi Yu’s secretary safeguard the other teleportation array.”

“Who is it?” Lin Feng said.

When did Shi Yu have a secretary?

“Isn’t it that cat girl?”

“That’s Shi Yu’s teacher! Although it’s not the kind of teacher who teaches Shi Yu how to increase his strength, it’s just a teacher in the mother planet school.”

The five super divines: ???

“But look, that guy always helps Shi Yu work.”

Emperor Kong and Lin Feng didn’t know how to quibble.

“Leave it to Teacher Ying…” Shi Yu smiled. This way, Teacher Gem Cat should be very happy.

In the future, she would also control the teleportation array. Just collecting the teleportation fee would probably make her happy.

That day, everyone returned to the Floating Realm without any reluctance to leave World King City.

Shi Yu had actually recorded the names and skills of many outstanding contestants in the God Sealing Battle, but now wasn’t the time to slowly replicate them. He planned to return to Blue Planet and break through to the divine level first!

At that time, it wouldn’t be too late to visit them one by one.

If he had the strength, he would be more confident in touching the various races in the starry sky.

Now, for Shi Yu, breaking through to the divine level was the most important thing.

Apart from having stronger battle power, it would be safer to go and get the Four Holy Ruins.

Of course, most importantly, after breaking through to the divine level, Shi Yu could finally explore a ruin on Blue Planet that he had yet to explore.

Back then, after he won the World Tournament, the World Tree had once told him to leave a ruin behind for “Goddess Wa”, who had brought humans from the starry sky to Blue Planet.

Only divine-level humans could enter this ruin.

At that time, Shi Yu was regarded by the World Tree as the human with the greatest hope of being the first to step into the divine level.

Both parties agreed that after Shi Yu reached the divine level, Shi Yu would explore the ruins.

However, due to the interference of the Space Emperor and Lin Feng later, Blue Planet revived a step ahead of time. Many humans stepped into the divine level.

But even so, the World Tree still maintained its promise to let Shi Yu go over when he reached the immortal level.

It knew that Shi Yu was an archeologist and definitely wanted to explore this ruin very much. Now that Shi Yu had finished the God Sealing Battle, he could finally advance to the divine level. He could also return and complete the agreement with the World Tree.

Goddess Wa… This top-notch god was extremely mysterious. Although she was a native god of Blue Planet, even Blue Planet’s Will didn’t know her background.

After many gods on Blue Planet went to the starry sky and couldn’t return, only Goddess Wa returned with a great immortal power and brought back the Seed of Human Hope. From this, it could be seen that she was extraordinary, even stronger than the initial ancestors of the five god races.

The World Tree guessed that Goddess Wa might have obtained opportunities from the starry sky in her early years like the gem cat. It was also possible that she had obtained benefits from the ruins of the era like Emperor Shi and Shi Yu before rising. In any case, it was impossible. She grew up through the inherent resources on Blue Planet.

As for what Goddess Wa had left behind, Shi Yu might know after entering Inatella’s Goddess Wa’s Ruins.

…

A day later.

In the starry sky outside Blue Planet.

A figure directly appeared.

Shi Yu looked at the blue planet below and sighed. He smiled. He was finally back!

“Dragon~ Let’s go~” Shi Yu shouted. A Green Dragon crawled out of the golden summoning arrangement beside him. Shi Yu rode on the Green Dragon and rushed towards Blue Planet.

Boom!!!

A green light streaked across. The powerful might made Blue Planet’s Inatella’s World Tree directly awaken, transforming into a clone to look at the sky.

“Shi… Yu?”

Sensing the familiar fluctuations, the World Tree clone was stunned. Shi Yu had returned. Did this mean that the God Sealing Battle was over?

The World Tree naturally knew about the God Sealing Battle. In its opinion, Shi Yu’s return this time was to report the results.

No matter what rank it was, there were huge resource gains!

“Roar!!” A moment later, the Green Dragon landed on Inatella. Shi Yu was teleported by Buggy and placed on the ground. Shi Yu instantly looked at the green vortex worm on a huge tree.

“Aunt World Tree~ Look.”

Shi Yu took out something that looked like a transfer anchor from his spatial equipment and threw it out. “World King Planet’s permanent teleportation array. Please place this in Inatella. This requires at least a divine-level placement. It’s said that it consumes a lot of immortal power. I’ll leave it to you.”

“I’ll go advance first. Take your time. After this side is fixed, it’ll probably be a while over there. After that side is also fixed, the transfer of the two planets can be connected.” Shi Yu left one of the permanent teleportation arrays behind.