Chapter 1524 - 1524 Breaking Through To Divine-Level Beast Tamer (2)

1524 Breaking Through to Divine-level Beast Tamer (2)

After some discussion, the unanimous opinion of the Four Saints super divine pets was that considering the complicated background of this Shi Yu’s identity, they could give up other benefits, but they definitely couldn’t allow someone to challenge their position. They definitely couldn’t allow Shi Yu’s Four Holy pets to have the chance to be super divine.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

…

God Sealing Hall.

Shi Yu followed President Saatchi in. President Saatchi personally handed all the rewards to Shi Yu and sighed. “Ever since I became the president of the God Sealing Battle Committee, you’re the strongest challenger I’ve ever seen.”

“You successfully reached the top in one challenge, and in this way too. Perhaps hundreds of thousands of years later, there will be records of this battle that will make you worshiped by countless later generations.”

“President Saatchi, you flatter me.” Shi Yu smiled and took the reward the other party had already prepared. “Is the permanent teleportation array among them?”

“That’s right,” President Saatchi said. “Reasonably using and operating a permanent teleportation array will help you obtain huge benefits in the long term. This is the honorary proof of completing the champion challenge. On World King Planet, the distribution of every permanent teleportation array has a far-reaching meaning. Now, I’ll leave it to you.”

“Of course, if you don’t want it, you can transfer it. I believe countless factions will flock to it. You can obtain huge benefits at once with this. How you choose depends on you.”

“Thank you for the reminder, President Saatchi,” Shi Yu said. He naturally understood how much benefits he could obtain by directly selling it. There was even no need to do it all at once. He could also choose the dividend model, but he still chose to let Blue Planet use it, planning to make Blue Planet more prosperous.

After Blue Planet upgraded, it was the same to squeeze Blue Planet dry. It was more convenient to do that to a familiar place, so there was no need to be afraid and embarrassed.

“President Saatchi, I remember that even if I don’t complete the champion challenge, there’s an additional reward for first place in the God Sealing Battle, right?” Shi Yu said.

“Huh?” President Saatchi was stunned. “You’re interested in becoming a realm lord?”

There was indeed an additional reward for first place in the God Sealing Battle, which was that there was a fast passage to apply to become a realm lord, obtain a fief, and become the ruler of a third-level realm. Moreover, the chances of passing were very high.

However, this reward was undoubtedly useless to people with the ability to get first place in the God Sealing Battle.

This wasn’t the only way to become a third-level realm lord. For example, if one contracted a low-level planet or made merits, they would have a chance to become a third-level realm’s realm lord, so this reward wasn’t special.

It was mainly because the benefits of becoming a third-level realm’s realm lord weren’t high. Developing a territory was time-consuming and tiring, and there was insufficient benefits. Therefore, some ambitious people would at least aim to become a second-level realm’s realm lord.

Developing a third-level realm was equivalent to developing a remote and poor village… Although there were some resources inside, there were also a large number of ferocious beasts and danger that needed to be developed by oneself…

Apart from having an official identity and having some advantages in doing things, it was only suitable for those from humble backgrounds to work hard and advance from low to high. As for people like Zavay and Shi Yu, who had extraordinary backgrounds and didn’t lack resources, there was no need at all.

“I just want to possess the identity of a realm lord,” Shi Yu said.

After having the identity of a realm lord, he could legally take away the era ruins unearthed on World King Planet. It was very important to an archeologist like Shi Yu.

As for whether it was a third-level realm or a second-level realm, Shi Yu didn’t care. When the time came, he would leave it to the gem cat to manage. In any case, the cat was free.

If Shi Yu wanted a second-level realm, it wasn’t difficult. After Little Zi broke through to an intermediate-level planet, it would be qualified to apply.

“Alright, I’ll apply for it for you myself.” President Saatchi laughed.

“I wonder what the name of the realm is? What do you desire to call it? What are your considerations regarding the arrangements of the fief?”

Shi Yu said, “The name of the realm… Let’s call it the Dong Huang Realm. It’s best if the location is between the Floating, Dong Xuan, and the Heavenly Demon Realms. It’s best if it’s an empty wasteland.”

“Is that so?” President Saatchi was stunned. Most people still hoped to take over some third-level realm lord who died accidentally after already developing the third-level realm. Someone like Shi Yu, who didn’t mind if it was a wasteland, was probably really just doing it for the identity of a realm lord.

“At least a week, at most half a month. I’ll get it done for you,” President Saatchi said. “At that time, the realm lord token will be personally sent to your residence.”

“Thank you, President Saatchi.”

“There’s no need to thank me. I look forward to you provoking an even greater turmoil on the World King Planet in the future,” President Saatchi uttered with a smile. Now that he was in a half-retired and half-retired state, he liked to watch fun. He hoped that Shi Yu would make the World King Planet more lively.

…

After the God Sealing Battle ended, Shi Yu returned to his residence and waited for the arrival of the realm lord token.

At this moment, the Space Emperor, Lin Feng, and Blue Planet, the five super divines, were already anxious.

After Shi Yu returned, the five super divines of Blue Planet immediately asked, “Shi Yu, where’s the teleportation array?”

“It’s previously with me, seniors.”

“By the way, it might take a while to take away the Four Holy Ruins. My realm lord identity is previously in the process,” Shi Yu said. “During this period, I’ll return to the Blue Planet and connect the permanent teleportation array.”

“Alright.” Upon hearing Shi Yu’s words, the Space Emperor agreed. “There’s no time to lose. Why don’t we return to the Floating Realm now?”

Now, Lin Feng and the others were additionally extremely anxious. They were excited at the thought of returning to Blue Planet immediately!

“It’s easy on Blue Planet, but the key is… which realm on the World King Planet the teleportation grid should be.”