Chapter 1520 - 1520 God Sealing In This Battle (2)

1520 God Sealing in this Battle (2)

“Ever since Jermon became the champion challenger of the God Sealing Battle, it has already successfully defended its title in the 99th year. It has experienced the period when contestant Ming Gu and contestant Zavay ruled the God Sealing Battle one after another.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“And now, under this special number, examiner Jermon welcomes its third opponent!”

“I wonder if examiner Jermon, who has successfully repelled 99 challengers, can defeat the new challenger this time!”

“Next, let’s invite examiner Jermon to appear!!”

In an examiner passage connected to the arena, an ordinary black yak walked out calmly. Although it looked ordinary, many people knew that Jermon’s identity wasn’t simple!

Jermon is from a race that’s ranked 181st out of all the races in the Starry Sky, the Demolishing Divine Bull Race. It controls top-notch laws and can demolish everything!

Compared to laws like obliteration and destruction, the characteristic of the demolishment law was that it was continuous.

The damage produced was continuous. It wouldn’t only last for an instant of attack. As time passed, the broken thing would continue to collapse.

Therefore, the intermediate god examiner of the God Sealing Battle wasn’t a weak intermediate god. The examiner was also a top-notch god!

This was also why monsters like Zavay and Ming Gu had never been able to defeat the examiner.

If it was an examiner from an ordinary race who had only mastered ordinary divine skills, they might have long taken away the permanent teleportation array.

Of course, this didn’t mean that Jermon was the first tier of an intermediate god. Many people who knew the inside story knew that Jermon was famous for being ignorant, incompetent, and rich. His level was basically piled up with resources. His battle power was very far inferior to geniuses of the same background.

This characteristic of the other party could be considered to have given some challengers a minimal chance of winning.

“I heard from the Exposing King that Jermon was thrown here as an examiner by its own clansmen because it ran away from home and wanted to join the cosmic overlord army.”

“It seems to be because it’s said that the cosmic overlord is also from the Bull Race?”

“I’m not sure about this. The name of a cosmic overlord is taboo. Not many people know it, let alone its race. The speculation about the cosmic overlord race also came from the symbol similar to a bull’s head and horns on the battleship of the cosmic overlord army, right?”

“Stop talking, stop talking. I wonder if the ginseng emperor can defeat it…”

As the audience discussed softly, the host said, “Examiner Jermon has already appeared!! Then, let’s invite contestant ginseng emperor to appear!!!”

In another contestant passage, the ginseng emperor in a research suit walked out of the dark passage step by step and walked onto the arena.

The black yak, Jermon, looked at it and smiled. It was a white and tender radish, but unfortunately, Jermon couldn’t take a bite of it.

If it self-destructed in Jermon’s stomach, Jermon might really not be able to hold on.

When the ginseng emperor appeared, everyone was paying attention.

When the ginseng emperor went on stage under cheers, the host continued, “Before the battle starts, please let me update you with some information.”

“Although the ginseng emperor contestant won the championship alone, it actually has a contracted partner.”

“In the champion challenge of this God Sealing Battle, its contracted target will also fight side by side with it.”

After the host finished speaking, everyone was in an uproar.

“What? The ginseng emperor has a contracted partner?”

“Damn, why didn’t its contracted target appear during the God Sealing Battle?”

“Are you stupid? With the self-destruction method of the ginseng emperor, would its contracted target dare appear?”

“It clearly has a contracted target, but it won first place in the God Sealing Battle alone. This is too inspirational.” The audience of the cosmic races looked at the ginseng emperor in the arena in shock.

They originally thought that this was a big boss who ruled the ages alone, but who knew that the ginseng emperor actually had a contracted partner?

The ginseng emperor… was worried that it wasn’t enough to resist examiner Jermon, so it decided to let the contracted partner assist it?

Opposite the ginseng emperor, Jermon was also stunned. What?

This guy had a contractor?

There were none in the video! It was all fighting alone!

Jermon’s expression immediately became slightly serious. It didn’t care about a ginseng emperor!

However, if this ginseng emperor still had a contractor, it might be a little troublesome.

“Then, next, let’s invite the contractor of the ginseng emperor contestant to appear!!” As the host finished speaking, another figure strolled out of the dark contestant passage.

Examiner Jermon strolled past the ginseng monarch and looked at the contractor of the ginseng emperor. Jermon also wanted to see who was qualified to be contracted by such a powerful ginseng emperor.

Soon, an extremely handsome young man in a dark red archeological suit with short black hair walked to the arena with a smile.

The moment this young man appeared, time seemed to have stopped. The originally noisy venue was silent.

Through the live broadcast camera, countless spectators who were paying attention to this championship challenge were also stunned on the spot when they saw the appearance of the ginseng emperor contractor and rubbed their eyes hard.

“Huh?” When Jermon saw the common Shi Yu appear, it didn’t feel like there was anything special about Shi Yu. It felt like Shi Yu was as weak as a mortal. This was because Shi Yu had the talent of physical control and controlled his aura very well. What confused Jermon the most was why the entire venue suddenly fell silent the moment this human appeared.

“Shi Yu??”

“What?? Shi Yu? How is that possible?”

“Why is he here?”

“The contractor of the panax monarch is Shi Yu??”

“Wait, is something wrong?”

When Shi Yu strolled into the arena, the silent venue instantly erupted again. Shock waves swept over like a storm.