Chapter 1529 - 1529 Everyone Breaks Through To The Divine Level (3)

1529 Everyone Breaks Through to the Divine Level (3)

[Creation Domain] directly upgraded to [Creation God Domain]!

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The effect was still the same, but it was already fundamentally different from the Creation Domain.

“Previously, Buggy consumed the power of faith to mobilize the laws of creation.”

“This undoubtedly means that Buggy is a fake Green Dragon. Because the real Creation Green Dragon God is powerful because it’s strong, so it’s believed in, not powerful because it’s believed in.”

“A skill that can only display normal power with the power of faith is incomplete.”

“And now, the Creation God Domain can mobilize the laws of creation even without the power of faith. With the power of faith, the Creation God Domain will be stronger. This undoubtedly means that Buggy has already completely controlled this top-notch divine skill and has already reached an extremely perfect level on the Green Dragon’s evolution path!”

“This evolution is its own evolution. It’s an evolution that leaves faith and exceeds faith.”

“Roar!!!” At this moment, Buggy looked at Baby Ginseng excitedly.

It meant that the incense was poisonous, but even if it didn’t use the power of faith, it was still very powerful!

It was still uncertain who the next first place in the team would be!

“Eh…” Baby Ginseng pouted. Wait a minute, it would first give the divine-level Anti-Teammate Energy Fruit to Buggy.

Who asked Buggy to be arrogant?

Next, Shi Yu continued to add points to Buggy and also added its quasi-divine skills to the divine skill stage.

In the end, Buggy undoubtedly advanced to an intermediate god, not far from a high-level god.

Unfortunately, apart from his own stats, Shi Yu’s Beast Taming Space didn’t receive any feedback to upgrade again.

Perhaps the difficulty of going from the third to the fourth level of the divine level was too high…

However, although it didn’t level up, Shi Yu could clearly feel that Buggy’s breakthrough still saved him countless bitter cultivation.

“Everyone, one by one, continue!!”

Then, Shi Yu seemed to have gone berserk as he kept adding points to his pets.

Eleven, intermediate god! Baby Ginseng, intermediate god! Chi Tong, intermediate god! Susu, intermediate god!

Little Ji, Duckie, Shorty, and Fusion Black Tortoise were all intermediate gods!!

“Hahahahaha.” Shi Yu’s unrestrained laughter came from the island.

Also, crazy laughter from various races rose and fell!

Shi Yu didn’t know how long had passed, but now, the level of his Beast Taming Space had already been reflected to the peak of the fourth level of the divine level!!

He had just broken through and was about to reach the fifth level of the divine level. There was no one else with this leveling speed.

The Space Emperor and the others originally judged that Shi Yu could only reach this level through the meditation jade, but they still underestimated the breakthrough feedback of Shi Yu’s pets. They could only say that Shi Yu’s pets were too strong.

At this moment, Shi Yu’s pets were also rather excited.

At this moment, each of them had obtained the strength of an intermediate god. At this moment, each of them was confident of instantly killing themselves and their teammates from before.

Among these pets, Shi Yu was the most satisfied with Baby Ginseng’s breakthrough.

Because the number of divine-level Time Marks directly increased to three!!

How many times would it explode?

Unfortunately, it still couldn’t be used by others.

However, only the Time Mark couldn’t. The Cultivation Fruit, Reincarnation Fruit, World Tree Fruit, and other resources were completely fine.

Shi Yu had yet to try it, but he had already started to look forward to the effect of the Cultivation Fruit. Time, space, fusion, and other talents… He was just waiting to rely on the Cultivation Fruit to increase. Fortunately, the Cultivation Fruit could increase points.

The consecutive points and breakthroughs made Shi Yu’s entire team in a very thrilled state. Soon, it was Qi’s rotation to add points.

After Qi, this unlucky sprite, became the first to break through, it was still only a primary-level god.

There was no other reason than… Qi had too few skills. There was only one Space-time Travel and Star Refinement. Although these two skills were also very strong, others had seven to eight divine skills, but the two skills she had were still lacking something.

“Wu…” Qi felt stifled.

It wasn’t because she was the weakest after breaking through, but because after finally recovering to the divine level, her body… became even smaller!!

It had completely become a mascot figurine the size of a mineral water bottle.

“Don’t be sad. Little Zi definitely won’t be able to become an intermediate god later.”

“Although you’re a primary-level god, you have a lot of attributes. I broke through to the fifth stage of the divine level again!”

Little Zi: …

“Moreover, this is for you.” Shi Yu handed the quasi Level 12 Time Crystal he had obtained from the super divine stone to Qi. Qi’s gaze instantly lit up.

“I love you, Shi Yu!” Qi happily took away the Time Crystal. She was very happy. With this and Baby Ginseng’s Reincarnation Fruit divine skill, she was confident that she could return to the peak battle power of her previous life in a short period of time, which was the high-level divine realm.

She could even complete the advancement and surpass her previous life to reach the strength of a top-notch god… or even a perfect god!!

At that time, she would be the strongest battle strength in the team!!! Hehe!!

She couldn’t participate in the team internal competition this time, but upcoming time, she would pray to kill everyone!

“Hurry up.” Shi Yu smiled. He looked forward to Qi returning to the peak. At that time, he could go anywhere in the universe.

“It’s your rotation next.” In the end, Shi Yu looked at Little Zi. Little Zi also floated over in anticipation and landed in Shi Yu’s hand.

It only had three skills, namely the Power of the World, the World Blessing, and the Inner World. Shi Yu had all helped it boost to the divine skill stage. At this point, Little Zi had finally reached the divine level. Of course, it was only a primary-level god.