Chapter 1522 - 1522 God Sealing In This Battle (4)

1522 God Sealing in this Battle (4)

“…” Chi Tong didn’t say anything. It silently pulled out its sword, and its aura locked onto its opponent. Death was heartless.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Roar!!!” After Buggy appeared, it immediately changed from the form of a worm that saved energy to the form of a Green Dragon. It flew behind Shi Yu and released its dragon’s might!!

“Wuu!!” Panda Eleven stood in the middle of a group of pets, its left and right palms colliding, indicating that it was already prepared for battle.

“Yi!!” In the end, Baby Ginseng retreated from the position beside Shi Yu to behind Shi Yu, indicating its secondary identity. In terms of contractual relationship, Shi Yu was the master, and it was the secondary. Therefore, Baby Ginseng directly stood in the position of the other pets in the team, leaving the core position for Shi Yu.

At this moment, the 10 new stars had all appeared. The audience was already trembling and standing up. Many media reporters spoke to the live broadcast camera in a different tone from before.

“Impossible, definitely impossible!!!”

“I don’t believe it!! Kill me!!”

“It must be me. I’m still dreaming. Haha, the champion challenge will only begin tomorrow. I’m still sleeping.”

As the audience shouted, contestants like Zavay, Ming Gu, and the son of the Demon Emperor could clearly determine that this wasn’t a dream!

Their eyes were filled with shock, and their mouths were agape. They were shocked to the extreme.

“Perhaps I don’t have to retire…”

Not to mention them, even some famous top-notch gods and even some super divine-level experts who were secretly paying attention to this battle revealed shocked expressions.

“Exposing King… is it… true?”

“What a joke.”

In the battleship of Zi Jian’s Special Forces, although Captain Zi Jian already had some guesses, when she saw this scene while transacting with Shi Yu, she still took a deep breath as if she had encountered the most difficult thing to understand since her birth.

She felt that she was already a genius, but when she saw the lineup beside Shi Yu, her body still went slightly limp, and she shook her head in confusion.

“No wonder… you’re protected by the five super divines.”

What a… monster!

If such a person died, it would probably be the greatest loss to the World King Planet.

“What exactly is the Blue Planet like?” In the Environmental Protection Association, the super divine vice president, Bing Ling, walked to the window and looked at the sky. Then, Bing Ling looked in the direction of the God Sealing Arena.

In the 177th Fleet, Luster stood up after being stunned!

“It’s true!” Exposing King actually exposed true news!

However, how was this possible…

It could be said that even super divine-level experts were unwilling or unable to believe that the 10 new stars who each displayed shocking strength were all one person’s contracted pets.

The champion, the ginseng emperor, took a step back and integrated into the team, as if it was mainly Shi Yu. It shocked countless spectators who supported the ginseng emperor.

Now, even if one thought about it, one could understand that Shi Yu wasn’t a pendant of the ginseng emperor at all.

Instead, the ginseng emperor was only one of Shi Yu’s pets.

At this moment, there was finally an explanation for why Shi Yu didn’t appear to assist the Time Sect Master and the World Destruction Dragon.

The top 10 contestants were all Shi Yu’s pets. He couldn’t favor one over the other and support a certain pet!

“In that case, the finals of the God Sealing Battle are equivalent to Shi Yu’s… team competition?”

“From the moment the top eight were born, the champion was already destined?”

“Every pet signed up alone, which means that they… have the confidence to win alone! This is an entertainment competition!”

“They don’t think the God Sealing Battle will be difficult at all.”

“In fact, that’s the case… The top 10 of the God Sealing Battle… were actually, unprecedentedly, surrounded by a faction… No, by an individual!!!”

The most intense and huge vibration since the God Sealing Battle occurred on World King Planet!

Countless spectators couldn’t believe the scene in front of them.

Of course, the most unbelievable person at this moment was still the examiner, the Demolishing Divine Bull, Jermon.

It was stunned on the spot.

“Huh?” It made a cute voice.

At this moment, it felt like it was still in a dream. It wasn’t time to test the champion.

Why were the 10 strongest rookies among the top 16, the 10 guys who would undoubtedly rank in the top 10, here?

What was going on?

Its bull eyes widened.

Suddenly, it recalled the words of the camera assistant.

“The champion this year is very strong. This is a battle video of the top 16…”

In the past, the God Sealing Battle Committee had only given it a video of the finals, but this year, they gave it to the top 16…

At the thought of this, the Demolishing Divine Bull, who had connected everything, suddenly felt a little heart attack.

Holy sh*t!

Wait a minute!

Why didn’t this old man, President Saatchi, say it directly!

Damn it!! Just because it threw a temper the first time it saw him?

Was there a need?

It looked at the 10 battle pets behind Shi Yu and was a little stunned. A combination of a Beast Tamer and the ginseng emperor was already enough to give it a headache. Now, nine opponents not much different from the ginseng emperor had come. What was going on?

“Moo!!!” The Demolishing Divine Bull let out a cry, wanting to ask if there was a problem with the rules of their God Sealing Battle?

How could the top 10 of them be considered an individual?

How could it be considered an individual?

How was the examiner supposed to play with this?

This was unfair to the examiner!

At this moment, although the audience and examiners felt that a century had passed…

However, the whole time was within the host’s ten-second countdown.

When the Demolishing Divine Bull let out a confused cry, the countdown… had already returned to zero!

“Battle, begin!” Shi Yu took a deep breath.

This Demolishing Divine Bull didn’t feel as strong as that Abyss Worm.

Thinking about it, it made sense. Although that worm was cowardly, it had at least gathered the merits of the three invading races.

It had three top-notch talents.

It was far from what ordinary intermediate gods could compare to.

“Roar!!!”

As Shi Yu finished speaking, the 10 pets attacked the Demolishing Divine Bull!!

The scene was spectacular, almost the most exaggerated in the history of the God Sealing Battle.

And seeing this scene, in the eyes of the Demolishing Divine Bull, there was only an explosion. It didn’t know… how to deal with it!

It only analyzed the abilities of the ginseng emperor. It subconsciously skipped the other nine!!

“You guys… don’t come over!!” Jermon roared in its heart. It felt that something was very wrong with this 100th assessment!

Could it not participate in this assessment??

Countless spectators saw the intention to retreat from the examiner’s expression and the swallowing of its saliva!

However, it was understandable!

Each of the 10 newbies was ridiculously strong.

Every one of them had the aptitude to be first in the God Sealing Battle.

And when the 10 of them gathered together, it was undoubtedly an all-star lineup!

Now, it was unveiled that these pets were all cultivated by one person…

Then, how terrifying would this Beast Tamer be?

With the addition of this Beast Tamer, what kind of power could the 10 companions display?

After an endless daze, they gathered thousands of words. Even Ming Gu and Zavay, who had been beaten up by Jermon many times, couldn’t help but… cast sympathetic gazes at it!

“This guy named Shi Yu… He’s not human!”

As the thoughts of countless spectators fell, no one actually thought that examiner Jermon would win.

They only sensed that this cow was so miserable!

It actually encountered a beast challenger in its career.

It had to be said that this was the most brutal championship challenge in history.

“Moo!!!! (Old Man Saatchi, I hate you!!)” Shi Yu’s 10 companions attacked. Accompanied by a miserable cry that resounded through the “World King Planet,” a moment later, the highest challenger symbolizing the God Sealing Battle fell. The entire planet was silent!

Shi Yu’s countenance was directly branded in the eyes of every spectators member! He was like a great demon king who ruled everything!

“A challenge two levels higher without any suspense…” Future generations evaluated this battle.

Beast Tamer Shi Yu.

His 10 fight pets.

After this battle, Shi Yu became a legend!