Chapter 1531 - 1531 Goddess Wa'S Ruins (1)

1531 Goddess Wa’s Ruins (1)

“Forget it…”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The World Tree clone slowly calmed down, and the green worm’s eyes recovered the calmness it should have.

In any case, it wasn’t the first time Shi Yu had done something so ridiculous.

The World Tree clone understood what Shi Yu meant.

Wasn’t Shi Yu trying to show that his fist was the strongest?

It would leave the good stuff to Shi Yu and the leftovers to the five super divines on Blue Planet who were about to come…

Otherwise, when he, Shi Yu, was powerful, he might not be able to eliminate the possibility of snatching things from the other party…

The corners of the green worm’s mouth twitched, and then it nodded as if it had reached a consensus.

In the distance, on the World King Planet, the five super divines of Blue Planet vaguely felt a chill down their backs…

“Are we going to the Goddess Wa’s Ruins now?” the World Tree clone said.

“Yes, I’ll go now. I can’t wait anymore. Haha.” Shi Yu was eager to give it a try.

“Alright, I’ll bring you over,” the World Tree clone said.

Then, Shi Yu was led into the World Tree mystic realm by the World Tree clone again.

This time, apart from seeing the World Tree’s main body and the tall and glorious huge tree, Shi Yu was also brought to a stone platform.

On the stone platform was a seven-colored divine stone.

“This divine stone is a ruin left behind by Goddess Wa. It’s said that only specific bloodlines above the divine level can enter, which is humans,” the World Tree said.

“Although it was left behind by Goddess Wa, I don’t know the situation inside the ruins either. Are you sure you want to be the first to enter?”

“It’s alright. Since it was left behind by Goddess Wa, there shouldn’t be any danger. Then I’ll go…” Shi Yu greeted the World Tree. After the World Tree nodded, Shi Yu touched the seven-colored divine stone in anticipation, as if he was touching ruins equipment.

In the next moment, Shi Yu, who was in the World Tree mystic realm, first entered the Goddess Wa’s Ruins in the seven-colored divine stone with his mind. Then, his body also entered the Goddess Wa’s Ruins!

In front of the World Tree, Shi Yu disappeared directly. The World Tree sensed it and realized that it couldn’t sense Shi Yu. It looked at the seven-colored divine stone quietly and waited…

Goddess Wa…

This god had also left behind illustrious battle merits in the war of the Mythical Era. If it weren’t for the fact that she repaired the laws of the world and repaired the damaged world, the World Tree was certain that Blue Planet would have long become a dead star.

Unfortunately, the super divine level cosmic behemoth was too fierce. Later on, it devoured Blue Planet to the point where it was broken. Goddess Wa was helpless and couldn’t repair it.

However, Goddess Wa had already done enough. It was all thanks to her that Blue Planet could preserve a chance of survival. In the end, the top-notch Goddess Wa also left the Blue Planet with other gods.

Later on, Goddess Wa was the only god who successfully returned among the departing gods. Her clone brought back the method of creating humans and the Human Seed, indicating that humans were the hope of Blue Planet’s rise.

Goddess Wa didn’t say anything else, only leaving behind the instructions to nurture humans in Goddess Wa’s Ruins. Her clone directly disappeared.

“Shi Yu, I hope you can explore more things from the Goddess Wa’s Ruins.”

In anticipation of the World Tree, in the Goddess Wa’s Ruins, Shi Yu stood on the desolate ground and was already stunned.

He walked on the lifeless desolate land and fell into deep thought. This was the World Tree. Was this the other world Goddess Wa mentioned?

There was nothing!

Not to mention a transcendent life form, there weren’t even any ordinary plants. It was a dead land.

“Shi Yu, this is… the era ruins.” In the Beast Taming Space, Qi paid attention to the outside world through Shi Yu and said.

“I know. In short, let’s fly around first.” Shi Yu floated up, planning to observe more places first.

Soon, Shi Yu and the others confirmed that this was a spherical world that looked like a star. However, if they wanted to leave this star, they were isolated by space. This meant that the size of this place was what they saw.

After walking around, apart from desolate land, Shi Yu and the others could be said to have discovered nothing.

“Master, this ruins world has a surface area of about 510 million square kilometers and a diameter of about 12,742 kilometers. The other data are as follows…” Ling told Shi Yu the data that had been tested.

“Well…” As Shi Yu listened, he suddenly felt that something was wrong.

However, before Shi Yu could think too much, some changes finally happened in the ruins they had strolled around.

Boom.

In the east, the ground trembled. A temple-like building slowly rose.

“Let’s go!”

After sensing it, Shi Yu and the others were overjoyed. Shi Yu quickly flew towards the temple.

Soon, Shi Yu arrived outside the temple and looked at the not-so-tall temple. Many marks were carved on it. After careful identification, he could tell that there was an image of a human body and a snake tail occupying the absolute protagonist position.

“Goddess Wa!” Through Shi Yu and seeing this scene, pets in Shi Yu’s Beast Taming Space determined the other party’s identity.

According to the descriptions of those revival gods and the World Tree, Goddess Wa also looked like a man with a snake tail.

“Left behind by Goddess Wa?” Shi Yu strolled straight into the temple. Just as he entered, Shi Yu grasped that there was only a table in the empty temple. The table was filled with three bottles and a map.

Before Shi Yu could approach the table to see what those were, dim musical instruments sounded in his ears… or rather, in his heart.

Accompanied by the sound of the musical instrument, Shi Yu seemed to have been dragged into another world. He perceived like he had heard the Voice of History.

“A distant era, a blue planet… My previous life and this life…”