Chapter 1538 - Chapter 1538: Revival Of The Legendary Emperor (4)

Chapter 1538: Revival of the Legendary Emperor (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

“Wu…” It said in a daze, “Strange, why did I complete my reincarnation so quickly? The energy concentration is so high. Eh, why do I have memories when I was born? Holy sh*t, why is the broken contract shining?”

“Zhong Xuan!” Emperor Wu stood in front of Zhong Xuan and said. Zhong Xuan suddenly raised its head and looked at Emperor Wu.

“Holy sh*t, I’m still dreaming!!” Zhong Xuan said in shock. “Wu Dong should be dead. Could it be that I can still dream in my reincarnation??”

“Zhong Xuan, I’m Wu Dong. I’ve revived.” Emperor Wu sighed slightly and looked at Zhong Xuan. In the next moment, Emperor Wu r s pets walked out of the Beast Taming Space and looked at Zhong Xuan, who had turned into a baby turtle.

“You…” Emperor Wu r s snake pet looked at the small Zhong Xuan and shook its head. How could they fuse?

“Huh??” Zhong Xuan felt that this scene was more and more unreal, but soon, it was stunned. As Wu Dong summoned the contract halo and contracted it again, an incomparably real feeling stunned Zhong Xuan.

Then, its eyes were filled with tears! “Wu Dong… How are you guys alive! ! ”

“What exactly happened?”

“Where’s Yun An? How’s Yun An?”

“Aren’t you all dead? But I clearly feel that everyone has already…”

“Calm down, old turtle.” Emperor Wu r s pets looked at Zhong Xuan speechlessly. Why was this old kid even less calm than them after reviving?

“Roar! ! ! ” Emperor Wu r s Iron-eating Beast looked at the newborn Zhong Xuan happily, planning to train Zhong Xuan to help it return to the peak in the future.

Just as Zhong Xuan was incoherent, a figure suddenly appeared in the deep space,

After Ji Mengzhu sensed the change in the ruins space, she immediately came over. When Ji Mengzhu saw Emperor Wu in this space and the pets beside him, she directly revealed an incredulous expression.

Her voice trembled. “This… How is this possible…”

“Ji Mengzhu???” Zhong Xuan was even more shocked. Why was Ji Mengzhu also here? Wait, Ji Mengzhu’s condition seemed to be a little strange??

“Uncle… Wu Done?” fi Mengzhu looked at Emperor Wu and the pets beside him

in disbelief, not understanding what had happened.

“Mengzhu…” Wu Dong also looked at Ji Mengzhu. As Shi Yu had said, Mengzhu was also here.

“Ahhh, can someone tell me what exactly happened?” Zhong Xuan was about to go crazy.

“It’s Shi Yu. He asked the Blue Planet’s Will to revive us,” Emperor Wu said, explaining to Zhong Xuan and Ji Mengzhu.

“He also asked me to come here. Finally… I see you.”

“Shi Yu?? That brat with the Iron-eating Beast?? Blue Planet’s Will?? What’s going on, what’s going on? I don’t understand.” Zhong Xuan was stunned. Why was it still related to Shi Yu?

Zhong Xuan knew Shi Yu. It was the one who told Shi Yu the secret of Emperor Wu Dynasty. It was also the one who gave Shi Yu the evolution materials of the Iron-eating Beast!

“Shi Yu??” Although Ji Mengzhu was also shocked, she quickly recovered her calm state. She looked at Senior Chong Xuan in the form of a baby and said, “Senior Chong Xuan, Shi Yu is already extraordinary now.”

“He’s already the strongest Beast Tamer on Blue Planet. He once suppressed Yun An at Level 8 with one person and one pet. The current Yun An has already been captured alive. It’s a renewable resource for Dong Huang.”

“Every Iron-eating Beast in our Iron-eating Beast Corps can enjoy the evolution of the meteorite fragment in the future…”

“A month ago, in the starry sky, at Level 9, he even killed an Abyss God from the Mythical Era who had slaughtered several gods two levels higher. He’s already the fully deserving strongest expert on Blue Planet and is no longer the brat in your impression…”

“If it were him, he might really be able to ask the Blue Planet’s Will to revive Uncle Wu Dong…”

“Impossible, right? How is this possible?” Zhong Xuan opened its mouth wide with an incredulous expression. What? It clearly felt that it had only reincarnated not long ago. More than five years? Shi Yu? The strongest on Blue Planet? It really couldn’t imagine that the kid who praised the Iron-eating Beast and cursed the turtle on the arena back then could grow to the level Ji Mengzhu mentioned in such a short period of time..