Chapter 1535 - 1535 Legendary Emperor Revival (1)

1535 Legendary Emperor Revival (1)

This was the Dragon Emperor!

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

It was the Dragon Emperor who had fallen and sealed the remnant soul of the Ancestral Dragon in a pearl at the cost of his life.

“In the Cultivationless Age, the Dragon Emperor sealed the remnant soul of the Ancestral Dragon with a Level 9 body. The Dragon Emperor is extraordinary.”

Blue Planet gave the Dragon Emperor a high evaluation. It used the power of the Creation Soil to collect the traces of the Dragon Emperor’s existence and pour them into the soil.

Then, it was the era of the Empress. On Phoenix Island, Blue Planet saw a female Beast Tamer. Her skin was smooth, her eyes were like stars, and her white clothes fluttered. Her white and gray dress was embroidered with phoenixes and flowers, and every move she made emitted a unique aura as a hybrid legend.

She controlled nine phoenixes to fight a Vermillion Bird faith divine in a deeper ruins space.

Under the suppression of the Empress, the Vermillion Bird Phoenix retreated step by step, but at the most critical moment, the ruins collapsed, and the spatial crack swept both parties in.

Blue Planet’s consciousness entered the spatial crack and realized that both parties had already perished under the devourment of the spatial flux. It couldn’t help but feel a sense of pity.

“This woman is a hybrid. She perfectly combined the strength of a human and the strength of the Phoenix Race. She’s also extremely extraordinary.”

Blue Planet also captured the traces of the Empress’s existence and fused them into the Creation Soil.

In the end, Blue Planet’s consciousness traced back to the era of Emperor Wu and saw the Fusion Emperor fighting the demigods of the Yun Race, suppressing the other party until it retreated step by step. However, because it couldn’t remove the Yun Race radiation, it could only choose to perish together.

“Emperor Wu defeated the Space Race head-on, but unfortunately, it couldn’t deal with the other party’s radiation. Live another lifetime. I hope you can break through the limit in the new era and become a super divine.”

As soon as Blue Planet finished speaking, it threw out three pieces of Creation Soil. Under the white light, the soils slowly formed three human forms, turning into the final appearances of Emperor Wu, the Empress, and the Dragon Emperor before they died.

The burly Emperor Wu was wearing broken armor, and the Yun Race radiation on his body was cleansed.

The white-robed Empress’s aura was still transcendent. The eyes on her exquisite face swayed slightly.

The Dragon Emperor in a dragon robe emitted a dignified aura. The three of them floated in the air for a moment and slowly landed.

Not only their appearance, but the clothes on their bodies were also perfectly replicated. Apart from that, in the Beast Taming Space, the pets that had contracted with them actually began to be reborn. Apart from Zhong Xuan, who had already left with Emperor Wu, they directly recovered their full strength under the power of the Creation Soil and Blue Planet and returned to their peak state!

A moment later.

Emperor Wu, the Empress, and the Dragon Emperor opened their eyes at the same time.

“I’m…” Sensing such a perfect state, Emperor Wu was in disbelief. Didn’t he already perish with Yun An? Not only did he seem to have revived, but even the radiation injury and the wish curse had already disappeared!

“I’m not dead?” The Empress was also confused. She clearly remembered that she accidentally entered a spatial crack and was devoured to death by the spatial flux.

“I… clearly died to seal the remnant soul of the Ancestral Dragon…” The Dragon Emperor, Long Qingyun, was similarly shocked.

They raised their heads in unison and looked at Blue Planet’s Will, Shi Yu, and the World Tree behind them.

The tall and glorious World Tree emitted shocking divine power, making the three emperors feel extremely strong pressure.

They couldn’t see through the mysterious and holy Blue Planet’s Will at all. An irresistible emotion appeared in their hearts as if they were facing a high and mighty god.

They were slightly stunned when they observed Shi Yu smiling at them.

Apart from the memories they already had, they had another headache in the next moment. A wave of memories that didn’t belong to them also began to appear.

Emperor Wu Dong observed himself fighting a young man. With the other party’s help, both parties worked together to destroy Yun An… This was clearly not his experience.

Empress Huang Xi saw a young man appear at her residence. She mistakenly thought that the other party was here to propose marriage. Then, both parties happily molded the [Mother Hunter Group], but this wasn’t her experience.

Dragon Emperor Long Qingyun even observed a young man shatter the remnant soul of the Ancestral Dragon in front of him. However, wasn’t the Ancestral Dragon sealed by him? Why was it killed by others in Dragon Palace City…

The chaotic memories made the three ancients fall into deep thought. However, they recognized the person in front of them.

“It’s you,” Emperor Wu, the Empress, and the Dragon Emperor looked at Shi Yu with different complicated emotions and said.

World Tree: ???

Why did these people who died thousands of years ago know Shi Yu??

“Hm?”

Not to mention the World Tree, even Shi Yu himself was stunned. Wait a minute, was something wrong?

Only the Blue Planet’s Will observed the abnormality of the three legends. It stared at Shi Yu.

“Space-time entanglement…” Blue Planet’s Will observed Shi Yu seriously and said, “That little guy is with you, right?”

“This might be a side effect of you playing with time wantonly.”

“Sigh…” Blue Planet sighed. It didn’t expect the Time Sprite to actually be with Shi Yu. Moreover, from the looks of it, it had already transmigrated through space and time.

This wasn’t good… When the sprite encountered an archeologist, Blue Planet had already imagined how chaotic the universe would be.

In Shi Yu’s Beast Taming Space, Qi observed Blue Planet’s Will eagerly and chuckled.

Mother Blue Planet was still impressive enough to directly discover Qi!

As for the World Tree, it was created by the Blue Planet’s Will at the end of the Mythical Era. Qi didn’t know it, but Qi comprehended Blue Planet.

“…” At this moment, Shi Yu also comprehended that Qi had been exposed.