Chapter 1530 - 1530 Everyone Breaks Through To The Divine Level (4)

1530 Everyone Breaks Through to the Divine Level (4)

It meant that its body could at most give birth to a primary-level or god-level life form.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

However, according to the standard of the planet, it was already considered an “intermediate planet” at the same level as the Blue Planet.

It was just that the difference was worlds apart.

As Little Zi advanced, Shi Yu’s Beast Taming Space level completed the final increase. It was strengthened again on the standard of the fifth level of the divine level. At this point, Shi Yu’s pets had finished strengthening. Shi Yu let out a long sigh and was very satisfied.

“I’m so tired. Baby Ginseng, give me a Cultivation Fruit. I want to sleep before exploring the ruins. You guys go to the Beast Taming Space to build a new home. Call me in a week. At that time, the teleportation array should be almost built…”

After Shi Yu finished speaking, he took a Cultivation Fruit from Baby Ginseng.

“Yi… (Well, well… After the Cultivation Fruit reached the level of a divine skill, it seemed to contain the smelly law. I don’t know what’s going on!)” Baby Ginseng said.

Shi Yu: “?”

Smelly law? There was such a law?

“Are you sure you’re not kidding???”

For a moment, Shi Yu, holding the Cultivation Fruit, didn’t know if he should eat it…

…

Five days later.

Shi Yu had obtained a breakthrough in his sleep. It wasn’t that his Beast Taming Talent had broken through.

Instead, he, who was originally at the fifth level of the divine level, broke through again in the Beast Taming Space.

It wasn’t because of the Cultivation Fruit.

The feedback this time came from the Time Sprite, Qi!

As expected, just as Shi Yu and Qi had expected, with the Reincarnation Fruit that activated the power of her previous life and the quasi Level 12 Time Crystal, Qi’s growth level increase speed was like cheating.

In almost a day, she recovered to the divine power level of a high-level god in her previous life. The level of the Space-time Travel divine skill also recovered to the expert level.

In addition to refining the Time Crystal, her Space-time Travel level steadily advanced to the perfect level. Although she had yet to reach the perfect level, the strengthening brought by a top-notch divine skill directly made Qi break through and become the first top-notch god in Shi Yu’s team!!

This breakthrough brought about huge feedback to the Beast Taming Space, directly allowing Shi Yu to reach the sixth level of the divine level, close to the seventh level of the divine level. The leveling speed was so fast that it was unbelievable. He was only four stages away from the peak of the divine level.

“Qi… stinks to death…” In his sleep, Shi Yu was happy and excited.

Qi: “?”

A week later.

“Ugh…” After Shi Yu woke up, he first vomited for three minutes. Then, he wiped his saliva and stood up, his gaze revealing an invincible expression.

“Dragon, let’s go again!!”

Under Shi Yu’s call, the intermediate-level godly Green Dragon appeared. With a cry, it flew into the sky with Shi Yu and headed for Inatella.

“You’re not allowed to imitate Little White Dragon.” Under Shi Yu’s command, Buggy immediately roared obediently.

A moment later, Shi Yu returned to Inatella.

At this moment, sensing the arrival of an outsider, the green vortex worm of one of the World Tree clones immediately appeared.

“Completed a breakthrough? Wait a minute… What’s wrong with your levels!” The World Tree clone sensed Shi Yu and Buggy’s levels and was stunned.

At this moment, Shi Yu and Buggy didn’t hide their auras at all. Sensing Shi Yu’s spatial state which was almost at the seventh level of the godly level and Buggy’s divine power level at the peak of the intermediate divine level, the World Tree clone was directly stunned.

Something was wrong, something was wrong. Didn’t they reach the godly level a week ago?

They had just broken through. Shouldn’t they all be new divine-level?

What was going on with peak sixth level divine-level and peak intermediate-level divine-level!

“The breakthroughs of the people on the World King Planet are all like this. There are even those who directly go from quasi-divine to super-divine. Don’t mind it,” Shi Yu said perfunctorily. “Aunt World Tree, is the teleportation array completed? Why don’t I go to Goddess Wa’s Ruins first?”

The World Tree clone was stunned. The people on the World King Planet were all like this when breaking through? Who were they kidding!

Did Shi Yu really think it didn’t know anything? It had long supplemented the information on the World King Planet brought by Zi Lan!

Shi Yu’s breakthrough progress was definitely abnormal. Definitely!

“Alright, alright. I know that the advance speed is a little unscientific, but our foundation is firm…” Shi Yu chuckled and said, “Unfortunately, we can only pursue a top-notch god at most now. It’s still a little difficult to hunt perfect gods and super godly levels… But I feel that it won’t be long.”

“Give me another two years, I should be able to defeat the current super godly ancestors of the five divine races on Blue Planet…”

The World Tree clone’s stomach hurt. It felt that the five super divines were in danger!