Chapter 1532 - 1532 Goddess Wa'S Ruins (2)

1532 Goddess Wa’s Ruins (2)

Accompanied by a voice filled with charm, Shi Yu seemed to have crossed space and time to see a god with a human body and a snake tail standing on the temple and looking at the four items he had left behind.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Although it was only a back view, it looked extremely beautiful.

“Later on, I know you have many questions. Next, I’ll solve them for you one by one.”

Goddess Wa had her back facing Shi Yu, and Shi Yu couldn’t see her face clearly. He wanted to say something, but he couldn’t say it. It was as if his entire body was frozen.

“Your arrival means that Blue Planet’s will has fulfilled its promise to me to nurture the human race to strengthen.”

“Listen to what I’m about to say.”

“I was originally an ordinary snake demon on Blue Planet. I accidentally entered the ruins of the ancient era and obtained the inheritance of a god named Goddess Wa.”

“After leaving Blue Planet, I kept exploring the ruins of the era and searching for traces of this Goddess Nuwa. I discovered a very interesting thing.”

“Similar individuals will be born between different cosmic eras. Blue Planet, our mother planet, in the last cosmic era, was very likely a cosmic-level star that reflected the starry sky, and the life juggernaut above it was a human.”

“And Goddess Wa also has an extremely close relationship with the humans on Blue Planet in the last era.”

“The ruin you’re in now is very likely a fragment of that star.”

“Of course, I can’t be sure of this yet, but I’m already exploring…”

“During the exploration process, I also discovered a very interesting era ruin. It should be related to Blue Planet from the last era, because it requires the power of at least five humans born from Blue Planet who have fused with the source of transcendence to open it. This is also the reason why I brought back the humans of the Starry Sky and handed it to Blue Planet’s Will to nurture humans.”

“In order to solve the mystery of the era ruin.”

“Your appearance means that a divine-level human has already been born on Blue Planet, but this isn’t enough. I left four things behind. One is a star map, recording the coordinates of that era ruin in the starry sky of the universe.”

“There are also three divine items called ‘Creation Soil’. They’re the crystallization of my power. Hand them to the Blue Planet’s Will and use this thing as a medium. It can revive three people from the long river of history about 2000 years ago. I hope that these three people can have the aptitude to fuse with the source of transcendence. They’re the three most talented people in 2000 years.”

“Bring five human experts to Blue Planet and increase some hope.”

“As a parallel body suspected to be a cosmic-level star, the life form born on Blue Planet… Its true potential isn’t weak. At the same time, it contains great luck, but it lacks opportunities. I’m very sure of this.”

“When Blue Planet gathers five humans who have fused with the source of transcendence, I hope you can inherit my wish and unlock the secrets of Blue Planet’s previous life and current life… For special reasons, I’ll wait for you in the ruins of that era. When you come, we’ll naturally meet.”

“Goodbye, latecomer.”

The scene shattered.

Shi Yu recovered his clarity.

Then, he was in a daze.

“Wait, wait!!!”

“Goddess Wa, give me a chance to communicate!!”

Shi Yu looked at the four things on the table and quickly walked forward.

“Master…” At this moment, Ling and the others also muttered. Clearly, they had also heard and seen the voice and scene just now.

“Earth is Blue Planet from the last era. It’s definitely there,” Shi Yu thought.

“Even Goddess Wa came out. It’s ridiculous.”

“An era ruin that can only be opened by five super divine level Blue Planet humans?” Shi Yu felt that the mystery of his transmigration might be solved here!

Because he had transmigrated from Earth to the Blue Planet.

The archeological discovery of the body of the last era from the super divine stone indeed meant that he came from the last era.

This time, there were finally more clues, but Shi Yu picked up the star map and expressed that he couldn’t understand it at all.

“Master, the location displayed here isn’t in the Cosmic Sea,” Ling stated quickly. “But I can’t be sure of the exact location. There are only relatively detailed records of the Cosmic Sea upon World King Planet.”

“Perhaps… the cosmic overlord army has a more comprehensive understanding of the starry sky of the universe. We can ask Captain Zi Jian for the star maps of the other cosmic emperors.”

“Alright, there’s no hurry.” Shi Yu turned to look at the three bottles of Creation Soil.

Then, he swallowed his saliva.

A planetary life form actually possessed the ability to revive the life form it had nurtured.

For example, at this moment, a native of Blue Planet had just died in front of the World Tree or had only died a few days ago. Blue Planet remained completely capable of spending a huge price to consume its origin power to revive him.

As long as the other party’s death didn’t exceed Blue Planet’s understanding.

However, although it could be revived, it was only limited to lives that had recently died.

If it possessed died for too long, Blue Planet had no choice.

But from what Goddess Wa said, the soil she departed behind could allow Blue Planet to revive human experts from even further back?

The timeline remained extended to 2000 years?

“Then, can Emperor Wu, the Empress, the Dragon Emperor, and the three dead Dong Huang Emperors be revived?”

Shi Yu looked at the three bottles of Creation Soil and asked in his heart.

Shi Yu thought for a moment about the five super divine humans from Blue Planet. Apart from him, perhaps only the five emperors of Dong Huang, Lin Feng, and Divine Source Legendary possessed the highest chance of reaching the super divine.