Chapter 1533 - 1533 Goddess Wa'S Ruins (3)

1533 Goddess Wa’s Ruins (3)

The seven of them basically represented the seven people with the strongest talent potential in Dong Huang.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Of course, if he looked at other countries, there might be many such people, but Shi Yu was mainly not familiar with the ancient legends of other countries.

However, in only 2000 years, there were only three sets of soil… Shi Yu recalled Mu Huiyin and the Yue Maiden and felt that it was a pity.

“The revival of the dead is the reason why many experts walk out of their mother planet but return to support their mother planet.” Shi Yu shook his head.

Therefore, the relationship between the natives of the planet and the planet itself was extraordinary. For example, the gods of the Blue Planet’s Mythical Era also relied on the help of the Blue Planet to sleep for hundreds of millions of years. If it were anywhere else and not their mother planet, they would have long slept to death.

This was also why gods who left Blue Planet but couldn’t break through died so quickly.

Of course, there were also people who slept to death on their mother planet, such as the Earth Divine Dragon… But this was purely because of natural disasters.

The five super divines of Blue Planet hoped to develop Blue Planet, because, in terms of origin, they were also racial offspring born on Blue Planet. Although later on, after intermarriage, evolution, and traces of other places, the marks of Blue Planet were still deeply rooted.

If they came back to the Blue Planet and used this place as their home ground, they could also have the home ground advantage and attain the powerful blessings of the planet when fighting the extraterrestrial super divine.

For example, the Blue Sea Sprite, Susu, had two different treatments on Blue Planet and World King Planet.

Shi Yu stopped in the Goddess Wa Temple for a long time and fell into deep thought.

After an unknown period of time, Shi Yu looked at the seven-colored divine stone in his hand.

“Let’s go back,” Shi Yu said as he put away the map and the Creation Soil.

This way, he had basically completed his exploration of the Mythical Ruins on Blue Planet. However, he had a more important goal now.

The era ruins that Goddess Wa mentioned were suspected to be related to Earth.

Although Shi Yu felt that the world under his feet wasn’t much different from the Earth in his impression…

But since this place was called a fragment of Earth by Goddess Wa, Earth might not be as simple as he knew.

On Earth, he was an archeologist and Mythical Scholar who studied myths. Perhaps his Earth at that time was also in some Cultivationless Age? Otherwise, how could he explain Goddess Wa and the Green Dragon?

Also, how should he explain that his previous life had reached the super divine level?

These were all things Shi Yu wanted to figure out very much.

…

As the World Tree waited, Shi Yu’s figure slowly appeared.

“Shi Yu!” After identifying that Shi Yu had come out, the World Tree was extremely happy. “What’s going on inside?”

Shi Yu said, “Nothing.”

“I went in and took a look around. I came out without discovering anything.”

World Tree: ???

“I was just kidding. I gained something.” Shi Yu saw that the World Tree was stunned and smiled.

“…” The World Tree felt stifled.

Shi Yu has changed. He’s no longer the kid who respected me after the world competition.

Shi Yu’s wings have hardened.

He has already joked with me multiple times.

“Next, tell me if you find anything.” At this moment, before the World Tree could say anything, a blue figure slowly appeared.

She had light blue hair and eyes, and was wearing simple clothes that looked like white pajamas. Her expression was calm, and her aura was as clear and ethereal as ice and snow. A faint halo spread from her body. Although she was in human form, she didn’t look like a human, but like another being that had materialized into a human.

Her appearance surprised the World Tree slightly. Shi Yu was also stunned as he glanced at her in surprise.

“Mother,” the World Tree said.

“Blue Planet’s Will,” Shi Yu said.

This… was the first time he had seen the Blue Planet’s Will appear!

The World Tree was known as the embodiment of Blue Planet’s Will, but those who knew the inside story knew that the World Tree was only created by Blue Planet’s Will. During its restoration and sleep, it supervised Blue Planet’s clone creation.

The connection between the two was like a mother and daughter.

Blue Planet’s Will was a powerful planetary life form that could fight a super divine. The mother god of all life on Blue Planet wasn’t something the World Tree could represent.

At this moment, the Mythical Revival and Blue Planet’s Will itself finally slowly woke up.

Shi Yu glanced at the Blue Planet’s Will and sensed her power. It was completely incomparable to the World Tree. This was a true master of the planet,

“Thank you for Blue Planet, Shi Yu.”

“The World Tree is me, but I’m not the World Tree. I already know everything about your experience after I woke up,” Blue Planet said. “Did you discover anything in the Goddess Wa’s Ruins?”

“Well… Mother Blue Planet, I really made a big discovery!” Shi Yu said with a smile.

World Tree: ???

Why did my seniority decrease again?

You and Baby Ginseng used to call me Mother, so shouldn’t you address my mother as Grandma Blue Planet?

“Senior Goddess Wa left a message in the ruins.”

“According to her archeological discoveries in the universe, Blue Planet might have been a cosmic star in the last era, similar to the World King Planet, or even stronger than the World King Planet.”

“I wonder if this is considered reincarnation… or the same individual from different eras.”

After Shi Yu finished speaking, Blue Planet’s expression was still calm, but the World Tree was very shocked. “What?”

“Blue Planet from the last era… I’ll call it Earth for short. On Earth, humans are the juggernauts. Humans also seem to be a powerful Juggernaut Race from the last era. This is also the cause why Senior Goddess Wa found humans from the starry sky and handed them to the Blue Planet to nurture. Perhaps she hopes that Blue Planet can return to its peak with the power of humans.”