Chapter 1537 - Chapter 1537: Revival Of The Legendary Emperor (3)

Chapter 1537: Revival of the Legendary Emperor (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

“Senior Dragon Emperor, you can return to Dragon Palace City. Some of the old Dragon Kings following you are still alive. If you have any questions, you can ask them. As for Senior Dragon God, she’s not on Blue Planet now, but she should be back soon.’

“As for Senior Empress, your mother is still locked up. You don’t seem to have any other relatives… Why don’t you come back with me to walk around? I might be your only relative. After all, your sister’s bloodline is now my guardian spirit.”

“Why haven’t you told us anything yet?” Empress Huang Xi looked at Shi Yu and said, “Alright, I’ll go back with you, but you have to tell me your goal in reviving me.”

“This… 1 didn’t tell the seniors because I was afraid that you would feel pressured. How about this? I’ll tell you after you reach the divine level. Your most important thing now is to adapt to the current Blue Planet and break through to the divine level. How about that?”

“It shouldn’t be difficult for you, right?” Shi Yu chuckled and said, “By the way, please don’t make a fuss about the parallel space. That might bring disaster to Blue Planet.’

The three legends wanted to hit the kid in front of them. What was there to keep them in suspense?

As legends of Dong Huang, they were very unhappy to be underestimated by their junior, although in their impression, Shi Yu was indeed very strong…

“Brother Dragon, we actually revived…”

“l didn’t expect so many things to happen after we died.”

“Sister Tian cultivated the Space Emperor, the evolution legend Lin Feng, and the Mechanical Legendary Divine Source… In short, it’s too unbelievable.”

“However, none of them are as unbelievable as this Shi Yu. He can actually ask the Blue Planet’s Will to revive us, revive Emperor Wu and Senior Empress, and… transmigrate space and time!”

At this moment, the Dragon Emperor was rushing to Dragon Palace City on a sea dragon. In his Beast Taming Space, the divine dragons were still in shock.

“Yeah, is this the power of a god? We have to break through to the divine level quickly in the future.” Long Qingyun took a deep breath and said, “Shi Yu said that we should return to Dragon Palace City to take a look first.”

“The dragons have a long lifespan. The Thunder Dragon King and the others should still be alive. After seeing someone we know, we’ll look for Shi Yu…”

“We should have some special mission to be revived. Since we were revived by Blue Planet, we should accept this favor. As long as we don’t violate our principles, my life belongs to Blue Planet… It’s just that… I don’t know where Ah Tian is now.”

The Dragon Emperor’s expression was in a daze. His greatest obsession now was to see the Dragon God. When he thought of how the Dragon God had protected Dong Huang for thousands of years for it, it felt that it had let the other party down.

“She actually left Blue Planet. Could it be that the current Dragon God of Dragon Palace City is already someone else? Otherwise, she wouldn’t have left Dragon Palace so easily.”

Soon, Long Qingyun went deep into the sea and found the Dragon Palace mystic realm. Before he could enter, with a cry, a totem-level little white dragon flew out happily from the Dragon Palace mystic realm.

The guards of Dragon Palace City didn’t discover Long Qingyun, who was approaching on a sea dragon, but the little white dragon immediately discovered them.

“Huh?? Who are you?” The little white dragon came over impressively. It looked at the top-notch totem sea dragon and the dragon-robed young man riding it and frowned.

Why did he look so familiar?

In Dragon Palace City, there were portraits of the Dragon Emperor in some places, but the little white dragon seemed to have a bad memory.

“You are…” Long Qingyun said, “Dragon King, may 1 ask if the Thunder Dragon King, the Space Dragon King, and the others are in the Dragon Palace? Where’s Prime Minister Turtle?”

“I’m not the Dragon King! I’m the number one general under the Dragon God, Buggy, the little white dragon of the Third Prince of Dragon Palace City!” The little white dragon said, “I’m much stronger than the Dragon King.”

Dragon Emperor: “?”

Dragon God… Buggy?

“But from the looks of it, you’re not weak. You don’t look like you’re lying. Are you really looking for the Space Dragon King and the Thunder Dragon King? Alright, I’ll bring you over,” the little white dragon said. “Also, you look pretty unfamiliar. Are you a foreigner? Do you want to be my little brother?”

Dragon Emperor:

What was wrong with the current Dragon Palace City?

Wu Ling City.

Emperor Wu, who was wearing broken armor, appeared outside the Wu Ling Ruins and looked at the familiar and unfamiliar environment with a disappointed expression.

Was his hometown already so prosperous?

Tall buildings stood in the sky. On the street, cars came and went. In the sky, aircraft flowed continuously.

All kinds of technology blinded Emperor Wu.

Among every pedestrian, they seemed to be dressed very well, and their expressions seemed to be very happy. The future was… not bad!

Emperor Wu sighed and felt that he didn’t sacrifice himself for Dong Huang for nothing… If he hadn’t dealt with Yun An, Dong Huang might face something even more terrifying than decomposition in the future. “Look, Emperor Wu cosplay! They really look alike!”

“Alike my ass. It’s not done properly at all. It doesn’t have the charm of Emperor Wu.

When Emperor Wu stood outside the Wu Ling Ruins, a group of tourists held cell phones and secretly took photos of Emperor Wu, making Emperor Wu fall silent.

“Let’s… find Zhong Xuan first.”

Emperor Wu could naturally easily enter and exit the Emperor Wu Ruins established by Ji Mengzhu, Zhong Xuan, and the others. His authority was very high, and he easily entered the Emperor Wu Ruins.

Then, he stepped into the deep space and searched for the traces of Zhong Xuan in reincarnation according to the contract connection.

In the deep space, on the ground, earth-brown light slowly condensed. An earth-brown patterned turtle egg appeared and slowly cracked. Among them, an earth-element turtle the size of a palm opened its eyes in confusion..