Chapter 1539 - Chapter 1539: Beast Shi Yu (1)

Chapter 1539: Beast Shi Yu (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Dong Huang, Imperial Capital, Beast Tamer Association headquarters.

The headquarters of the Beast Tamer Association was in the capital, but the Beast Tamer Association in the capital wasn’t the headquarters.

Shi Yu invited Empress Huang Xi to the political center to meet the current divine-level mechanic of Dong Huang, Divine Source, and the president of the Dong Huang Association, Lin Xiao, the two current rulers of Dong Huang.

At that moment, the daily life of the old president was to study the cosmic technology Ling had brought back from the World King Planet and upgrade himself. Now that he was using the World King Planet technology, he had already returned to a humanoid body. Although he was a mechanical modified person and cyborg, fortunately, he retained the ability to contract.

As for President Lin Xiao’s daily routine… To be honest, President Lin Xiao wanted to abdicate and hand the position of president to others, such as Lu Qingyi. Then, he would work hard to cultivate and strive to become a god as soon as possible, but he couldn’t help it. He felt that no one who had the ability to inherit the position of president took a fancy to the position of president.

The new legendary Lu Qingyi would rather give up the archeologist class and be an international criminal police officer of the alliance to kill people all over the world than be President Dong Huang.

In a world with extraordinary power, it was just that ridiculous. Compared to pursuing power, more people were still willing to pursue the power of their own strength.

Therefore, after President Lin Xiao broke through to the Legendary level, he still had to deal with busy national affairs, and he was even busier than before.

“Senior Divine Source, President Lin, I’m back again. See you in our Wind Forest Garden Q’ After Shi Yu finished speaking, he sat d0ievn with the Empress in a garden in the headquarters and drank tea quietly, waiting for Senior Divine Source and President Lin to arrive.

Now that Shi Yu was at the divine level, it was easy for his psychic domain to perform mental voice transmission to Divine Source and President Lin.

After hearing Shi Yu’s voice transmission, Divine Source and Lin Xiao were stunned. Then, they headed to Wind Flower Garden together and saw Shi Yu sitting in the garden drinking tea with the Empress.

“Shi Yu, Chi Tong, you’re back,” they subconsciously said when they saw Shi Yu and the Empress.

At this moment, the Empress also turned around and observed this future Mechanical Legendary… He should be the Mechanical God now, as well as the descendant of the future evolution legends. the current ruler of Dong Huan, Lin Xiao.

During the process of coming over, Shi Yu had already introduced them to Empress Huang Xi.

“President Divine Source, President Lin Xiao, I’ve already seen Dong Huangs current scene. You guys… did better than me.”

Divine Source and Lin Xiao: “?”

“Huh? Shi Yu, what’s wrong with Chi Tong?” President Lin Xiao was stunned. Why did he feel that Chi Tong was strange today? Chi Tong wasn’t like this in the past. It was in character again?

Why was it getting more and more ridiculous?

Shi Yu smiled and said, “Senior Divine Source, President Lin, she’s not Chi

Tong.”

“Look carefully again?”

“This… is Empress Huang Xi, the third Legendary Beast Tamer of the Dong Huang Dynasty!

“Not long ago… 1 just revived.”

Divine Source and Lin Xiao: “?”

“What?” When Shi Yu finished speaking, Divine Source and Lin Xiao suddenly widened their eyes. Even when the Abyss Worm appeared and wreaked havoc on Blue Planet, they had never been so shocked.

Empress Huang Xi looked at them calmly and nodded. If they didn’t differentiate carefully, she was indeed more similar to Chi Tong…

“This, this, this, this…” The two of them were a little stunned and confused.

Shi Yu said, “For some special reason, the Blue Planet’s Will revived Emperor Wu, the Empress, and Senior Dragon Emperor… Now, Senior Emperor Wu has gone to Wu Ling City, Senior Dragon Emperor has gone to Dragon Palace City, and Senior Empress asked me to bring him over.”

“What, Emperor Wu and the Dragon Emperor revived too??” Divine Source and Lin Xiao were even more shocked and a little stunned.

Wait a minute, if Emperor Wu, the Empress, and the Dragon Emperor were all here, Emperor Shi was still alive, and the Space Emperor was still alive, then the five emperors of the ancient Dong Huang Dynasty… existed in this world at the same time??

Divine Source’s brain suddenly went blank, and President Lin Xiao’s reaction was also a little slow. This news was really too explosive, not inferior to knowing that Emperor Shi was still alive and had broken through to super divine.

“The two of you don’t have to worry about me. I won’t interfere in the current

Dong Huang matter. Just treat me as an ordinary Dong Huang Beast Tamer.”

The Empress sighed slightly. She also knew that the current situation was a little complicated.

For her, it was already very good to be able to revive. Huang Xi’s current idea was to break through to the divine level as soon as possible and achieve what she couldn’t achieve before in this magnificent Mythical Revival era.

“Yes, yes, calm down. Isn’t it just the revival of three ancient emperors?” Shi Yu said with a smile.

Divine Source and President Lin’s eyelids twitched. What did he mean… Wasn’t it just the revival of three ancient emperors? This was a f*cking huge matter.

“In short, I want Senior Empress and the others to familiarize themselves with the modern era first…” Shi Yu said, “Now that they’ve just returned, they should have a lot of questions.”

“Little Lin, bring Senior Empress to familiarize herself with the modern Dong Huang. No, I’ll be the guide myself,” Divine Source said.

“There’s no need.” Huang Xi smiled and said, “The two of you are busy governing the country. I’ll get Shi Yu to bring me around.”

Shi Yu:

“I’m also very busy, alright? I’m busier than the two of them, but it’s alright. I can get your Sister Chi Tong to bring you there.”

The Empress was speechless.

Although Shi Yu knew that this Empress wasn’t the one from a parallel space, due to some messy spatial entanglement phenomenon, the other party also had the memories of a parallel space, so it was convenient to communicate.

“This…” Divine Source and President Lin Xiao were speechless. Why was Shi Yu talking to the Empress like this!

“President Lin, remember to prepare a place for the three seniors to stay. This is the most important thing now. It’s best to have a mechanic assistant..”