Chapter 1534 - 1534 Goddess Wa'S Ruins (4)

1534 Goddess Wa’s Ruins (4)

“Apart from that, there’s another reason. Goddess Wa discovered an era ruin related to Earth in the universe. This era ruin requires five super divine level humans born on a specific star, Blue Planet, to open it.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“This is also why Senior Goddess Wa hopes that the World Tree will nurture humans.”

“She hopes that when the five super divine level humans are born, they can solve the mystery of Earth and Blue Planet, and she seems to be waiting for us in the era ruin.”

The World Tree didn’t care that its seniority was lowered again. It still said in surprise, “Goddess Wa… is indeed still alive.”

“I see…”

“At that time, she was even more mysterious than the Ancestral Dragon, the Origin Phoenix, and the other gods. From the looks of it, she’s the same as you. She has come into contact with the era ruin,” Blue Planet said. “As for Earth… Since it’s a wish she left behind, I’ll help her complete it.”

Without Goddess Wa’s repair rules back then, there wouldn’t be the current Blue Planet. Therefore, after Blue Planet learned Goddess Wa’s intention, it decided to cooperate fully.

Now that she had finally recovered, Goddess Wa meant to let Blue Planet nurture five super divine humans…

Blue Planet looked at Shi Yu. There was one… In addition to the Space Emperor, Lin Feng, and Emperor Shi, who were trapped in the ruins of the era, there was still one left.

“Five super divine humans…” The World Tree muttered in its heart. It looked like the resources of the five divine races on Blue Planet were completely gone.

The assets of Blue Planet definitely had to nurture humans.

As expected, the five super divines of Blue Planet… were in danger!

“By the way, Senior Goddess Wa left the coordinates of the ruins. Apart from that, there are additionally these things.” Shi Yu took out the Creation Soil.

“This is the Creation Soil. There are actually remnants.” When the World Tree saw these soils, it immediately recognized them and said, “Back then, Goddess Wa and I used the Human Seeds of the starry sky to create the Blue Planet’s humans, and we used these things.”

“Could it be that Goddess Wa means…”

“Goddess Wa wants us to use these three soils as a medium to revive the three most talented humans on Blue Planet in the past 2000 years. This way, the probability of five human beings who are super divines in the same frame are able to be higher.”

“I see…” The World Tree said, “Reviving the dead requires a lot of power, but if you use the Creation Soil, you can revive them relatively easily. After all, the essence of the Blue Planet’s Human Race is created from the combination of the Creation Soil and the power of Blue Planet.”

“2000 years? Shi Yu, do you have any suitable candidates?” Blue Planet gazed at Shi Yu.

Shi Yu said, “If I choose, it will definitely be Dong Huang’s second Legendary Emperor, Emperor Wu Dong, Dong Huang’s third emperor, Empress Huang Xi, and the fourth emperor, Dragon Emperor Long Qingyun.”

“Emperor Shi has already stepped into the super divine level, and Senior Space Emperor additionally has the battle record of hunting super divines. The legends of our Dong Huang lineage all have super divine aptitude!”

“It’s just that due to the restrictions of the Cultivationless Age, they can’t display all their aptitude.”

“Alright.” Blue Planet nodded and said, “Then revive these three.”

“I’ll leave the ruins star map in your care. After these three revive, you’ll additionally lead them to integrate into the current Blue Planet.”

“Sure.” Shi Yu nodded and handed the three sets of Creation Soil to Blue Planet.

Then, three sets of Creation Soil floated in front of Blue Planet.

Blue Planet closed its eyes slightly. First, its consciousness descended on Dong Huang and searched for the relics of the three ancient legends. Then, along with these like a guide, it searched for the traces of Emperor Wu Wu Dong, Empress Huang Xi, and Dragon Emperor Long Qingyun whom Shi Yu had mentioned in the long river of history.

Blue Planet’s perspective crossed countless spaces and time at once. Soon, it saw traces of history on an isolated island and saw a male Beast Tamer covered in blood. He was wearing a dragon robe and had a determined expression. He controlled nine divine dragons to fight the remnant soul of the Ancestral Dragon!!

…