Chapter 1536 - Chapter 1536: Revival Of The Legendary Emperor (2)

Chapter 1536: Revival of the Legendary Emperor (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

At that moment, as they were revived, Emperor Wu, the Empress, and the various pets in the Dragon Emperor’s Beast Taming Space were also extremely shocked. They still didn’t understand what had happened and why they had revived from death.

“Seniors, calm down.” At this moment, Shi Yu, who had also realized what was going on, hurriedly smiled and said, “Everyone, calm down first.”

“l know that things like revival from the dead are very strange. Why don’t you guys calm down first and listen to what’s going on?”

As Shi Yu finished speaking, Emperor Wu, the Empress, and the Dragon Emperor nodded. They could also sense that the aura of the blue-haired figure beside them was very terrifying. It was probably above the divine level.

Presumably, their revival was the masterpiece of these people.

Emperor Wu looked at Shi Yu with a complicated expression. The interweaving of the two memories reminded him of this “transmigrator” who fought alongside him.

The Empress also looked at Shi Yu with a complicated expression. She recalled that this Mother Hunter who had contracted her “sister” was a supporter who had helped her establish the Dong Huang Empire.

When the Dragon Emperor saw Shi Yu, this “senior” who had “helped him kill the remnant soul of the Ancestral Dragon”, he was also silent. They all knew that the memory didn’t come from their own experience, but they felt that this memory was extremely real.

It was as if he had really experienced it in different spaces.

Memory of a parallel space?

“Now, about 2500 years after Emperor Shi established the Dong Huang

Dynasty, Blue Planet has already revived. The shackles of the divine level have already disappeared,” Shi Yu said. “The tree in front of me is the embodiment of Blue Planet’s Will, the World Tree.’

“The great existence in front of me is the main body of the Blue Planet’s Will.”

“It’s the Blue Planet’s Will that revived everyone from the long river of history. Seniors… And I’m a Beast Tamer from the modern Dong Huang. In terms of seniority, 1 1 m still your junior.”

Shi Yu smiled and said, “If any messy memories appear, don’t take it seriously.

Just forget it. That might be the aftermath of me transmigrating into a parallel space and changing history… It’s not something you experienced.”

“Cough, cough… But if 1 offended you in parallel space, please forgive me.”

“It’s alright if you don’t forgive me. In any case, you can’t defeat me now.” Emperor Wu, Empress, Dragon Emperor: ???

“As expected, you’re a person from the future,” Empress Huang Xi said. Although the memory didn’t belong to her, she felt as if she had experienced it personally. She had long had many guesses about Shi Yu’s identity. From the looks of it, one of her guesses was indeed correct.

“Transmigrated into space and time… No wonder he knew my secret and came to help me solve the remnant soul of the Ancestral Dragon in advance…” the Dragon Emperor said.

“Seniors, the reason why I revived you is actually because 1 have a favor to ask of you,” Shi Yu said.

“Forget it, it’s useless to tell you now. Why don’t everyone follow me back to Dong Huang first? The current Dong Huang might have people or things you’re familiar with there.”

After Shi Yu finished speaking, the three emperors were silent. They still found it unbelievable that they had revived after crossing a thousand years.

A moment later, they bowed to the Blue Planet’s Will in unison and said, “Thank you for reviving us, Senior. If you need anything, we’ll definitely do our best.’

Blue Planet nodded and said, “Just follow Shi Yu back. He will explain to you. It’s also his request for me to revive you.”

“Then, Shi Yu, I’ll leave them to you. When the teleportation array on the other side of World King Planet is built, I’ll inform you immediately.”

“Alright-ol’ Shi Yu said. No problem.

Haha, when the Space Emperor and Lin Feng teleported over, and even when Senior Dragon God teleported back, would she be stunned to see Emperor Wu, Empress, and the Space Emperor revive?

If he waited for Emperor Shi to come out too…

The five emperors could be in the same frame.

Sigh… However, wouldn’t Old Master Divine Source’s balls hurt if five legendary emperors were alive at the same time in a country?

With a group of ancestors crawling out, the pressure on him to govern the country should be huge.

Shi Yu, Emperor Wu, Empress, and Dragon Emperor were directly teleported to Inatella by the World Tree. “In that case, you’re Senior Emperor Wu?”

“You’re Senior Empress?”

For a moment, the three legendary emperors of Dong Huang were a little reserved.

They had never thought of the situation in front of them.

Apart from the communication here, they also kept communicating with the pets in the Beast Taming Space.

Emperor Wu’s pets sensed that the radiation injuries on their bodies had disappeared and their conditions were excellent.

“Wu Dong, Wu Dong, that guy Zhong Xuan isn’t around!! At that time, it was the only one who didn’t die in battle and was sent away by us. Is it still alive? Please tell me that we lived, but it died!”

“l know, it’s still alive, but I can sense that it’s still in reincarnation,” Emperor Wu said. “Give me time. I can find it.’

Apart from the three legendary emperors, a bunch of pets in Shi Yu’s Beast Taming Space were also extremely excited.

Eleven howled. Emperor Wu had revived, and someone was playing the Iron-eating Beast ranking with it.

Chi Tong was also very happy. Its sister was alive. It could drag its sister to watch dramas again.

Sensing the joy of his pets, Shi Yu also smiled and said,

“Seniors.”

“Seniors, please take this.”

Shi Yu explained, “This is world history information from the establishment of the Dong Huang Dynasty to the establishment of the Seven Nation Alliance.

It’s all recorded in this memory water drop. After you receive it, you should know the current situation.’

“In addition, I recommend everyone to go to different places first. Senior

Emperor Wu, you can return to Wu Ling City. Senior Ji Mengzhu is over there. If you have any questions, you can ask her..”