Chapter 1544 - Chapter 1544: The Five Emperors Are About To Be Together (2)

Chapter 1544: The Five Emperors Are About to Be Together (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

“Shi, Shi Yu!!” Just as Shi Yu was thinking, a familiar and unfamiliar cry suddenly sounded from the outside world.

Shi Yu was stunned. He walked out and saw a tall beauty flying in the sky.

She had dark blue, wavy hair, and her left eye was covered by a bang. Her eyes, like Baby Ginsengs, were a time hexagram. She didn’t have arms and had huge, dark blue wings. Even her feet were white sharp claws.

“Teacher Owl… I’m still not used to your astrologer form. What’s the difference between you and the owl girl?”

“Ridiculous, it’s not the owl girl, it’s the Astrologer Race! It’s just that the Astrologer Race has many forms. I’m more like a combination of humans and birds,” the Prediction Owl said. “Also, call me by my name next time, Tu .Na.”

“l know, I know.”

Teacher Owl smiled and said, “l predicted that you would come to the capital today. How is it? Are you here to pick me up?”

“More or less.” Shi Yu also smiled and said, “In a few days, everyone can go to the World King Planet. I brought back the permanent teleportation array of the World King Planet.”

“Great.” Teacher Owl said excitedly, “Speaking of which, what about the thing I asked you to ask about? How’s it going?”

“Well, the Astrologer Race is still on World King Planet and is developing alright. The current patriarch is an Astrologer Race big boss named Tu Tu. The race is still the same as before. There are no super divine levels.”

“Oh… As expected, after 1 disappeared, the position of patriarch was passed to my stupid brother?” Teacher Owl held its forehead and said, “It’s really rare that the Astrologer Race wasn’t destroyed under his lead.”

The corners of Shi Yu’s mouth twitched. It should be said that it was fortunate that it was given to the owl’s brother. If it was given to Teacher Owl, the problem would be huge!!

Perhaps it would have already been exterminated, like the Star Prayer Race.

“When we return to the World King Planet, Teacher Owl, you’re going back to your family, right?”

“Of course, you’ll go back with me!” Teacher Owl said. “Wait, can you call me by my name?”

“I’ve decided. I want to persuade the Astrologer Race to assist you together.

After I recover a portion of my power, I’ll take some of the great luck on you. Assisting you might be able to let the Astrologer Race give birth to a new super divine and become a super divine race!”

Because the premonition ability of the Astrologer Race was too strong, they could even predict the location of the source of transcendence, so their backlash was serious and their luck was bad. It had been a long time since a super divine level Astrologer Race was born.

However, the Prediction Owl felt that by following Shi Yu and being Shi Yu’s military advisor, it might not be impossible for it to become a super divine in the future.

“Really?” Shi Yu said. “Are you sure you can persuade the Astrologer Race?”

There were no super divines in the Astrologer Race, but on the World King Planet, they were a famous race. Although their battle power wasn’t good, they found many Sons of Luck to invest in through premonition methods and nurture them into their own people. There were also many who joined other factions and became hangers-on. Therefore, although they didn’t have top-notch battle power, their overall strength was at the top, below super divine factions. It wasn’t a problem for them to fight weak super divine factions like the Blue Planet Dragon Race and the Phoenix Race.

In addition, many experts would ask the Astrologer Race to help predict the future. The two parties had established good cooperation. The status of the Astrologer Race on World King Planet was completely not low, far from what the five major divine races on Blue Planet could compare to. Compared to the Star Prayer Race, they were doing much better.

If Teacher Owl could persuade the Astrologer Race to assist him and support the Blue Planet bloodline, Shi Yu felt that he could kill indiscriminately with his eyes closed!

“Logically speaking, I should be the current patriarch of the Astrologer Race… 1 have a very good relationship with my stupid brother. Don’t worry, when the time comes, you’ll go with me and let them predict your potential for you. They’ll know your potential! ”

“If they’re not as smart as me, I won’t play with them anymore. I’ll assist you myself! ”

The owl didn’t know how to lose to the monster Star Prayer Race+Wind Kirin Race+Astrology Race+Shi Yu.

It planned to invest in Shi Yu to ensure that its super divine path was smooth sailing. This way, it could avoid the tragedy of the backlash of luck last time and dying during the search for the source of transcendence.

“Wise Eye…” Shi Yu reminded.

Ancient Capital.

Standing on the bustling Ancient Capital Tower and looking down, Empress

Huang Xi felt a sense of loss. She had the same complicated feelings as

Emperor Wu when he saw the change in Wu Ling City. She was born in the

Ancient Capital, but the Ancient Capital was no longer what she remembered.

“Huh?” Chi Tong accompanied Empress Huang Xi and suddenly grunted, making Huang Xi turn to look at her. “Sister… Sister, what’s wrong?”

She didn’t want to call Chi Tong ‘Sister’ very much, mainly because she wasn’t used to it. However. under Chi Tong’s coercion and sharpness. the Empress still gave in. This was because she realized that Chi Tongs mind was only a few years old. She really didn’t want to argue with Chi Tong anymore. It was tiring.

If it weren’t for the fact that she wasn’t as strong as Chi Tong, she would definitely correct this little guy with the same bloodline and let the other party call her sister. Now, one of Empress Huang Xi r s big goals was to surpass Chi Tong.

“l discovered Senior Lu.” Chi Tong imitated Shi Yu’s tone and looked into Ancient Capital University. At this moment, Senior Lu happened to have returned to Ancient Capital University to visit her grandfather, Principal Feng.

“Senior Lu? Who’s that?” Empress Huang Xi asked.

“Wu.” Chi Tong revealed a sly gaze and said, “You guys, do you want to spar? You finally revived. Don’t you want to fight to your heart’s content for once?? She’s very strong..”