Chapter 1540 - Chapter 1540: Beast Shi Yu (2)

Chapter 1540: Beast Shi Yu (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

“By the way, I’ve already taken first place in the God Sealing Battle on the World King Planet and completed the champion challenge. It shouldn’t be long before the teleportation between Blue Planet and the World King Planet is connected. The Space Emperor and Senior Lin Feng will also return. You also need to prepare in advance.”

“What?!” Divine Source and Lin Xiao were shocked again.

“You really killed your way through the God Sealing Battle?” President Lin Xiao said. He had also clearly learned the difficulty of the God Sealing Battle from Zi Lan.

“Why are you guys as surprised as the World Tree…” Shi Yu smiled and said, “It’s just the Baby Cup, basic f*ck! I feel that fighting Gao Xuan at that time was even harder than fighting the God Sealing Battle.”

Divine Source said, “I’ll thank you on behalf of Gao Xuan. This might be the height of his life.”

“However, I knew Shi Yu could do it. Hahahaha.” Divine Source laughed. He was better than Lin Feng!

The Empress was puzzled. God Sealing Battle, Gao Xuan… She memorized it silently.

A moment later, after Shi Yu told President Divine Source and President Lin Xiao important things, he left with the Empress. After leaving the headquarters, Huang Xi asked Shi Yu,

“Shi… Yu, what’s the God Sealing Battle you’re talking about?”

“Uh, Senior Huang Xi, do you still have the memories of me sending the Teleportation Key Stones in parallel space?”

Huang Xi nodded and said, “The treasure I’m competing with the Phoenix Vermillion Bird is that Teleportation Key Stone. After you handed it to me in a parallel space, you said that it’s a teleportation equipment that connects a cosmic civilization and a super planet, but it requires cosmic crystals to open it. ”

“That’s easy to explain. The end point of that keystone’s teleportation is World King Planet. A cosmic star is two levels stronger than Blue Planet.”

“As for the God Sealing Battle, it’s a super competition for the various races in the starry sky on the World King Planet. The contestants are demigods of the various races in the starry sky. It’s the largest competition in the universe. Those at the top can obtain a lot of resources.”

“The best is a World King Planet teleportation array that doesn’t need consumption and can be used by many people. With this, Blue Planet can obtain very good development. We can all easily head to World King Planet.”

“Not long ago, I successfully shattered the geniuses of the various races in the starry sky and obtained first place. I just brought back the teleportation array a while ago. Oh, now, Senior Space Emperor and Senior Lin Feng are on the World King Planet. They should be back in a few days.”

After a moment of silence, Huang Xi said, “The… largest competition in the universe? How many demigods are participating in the God Sealing Battle you’re talking about?”

“There are only about 10 million demigods every year. It’s mainly because there are no benefits for too weak demigods to participate, so there aren’t many demigods participating every time,” Shi Yu said.

The Empress was even more silent. 10 million demigods… wasn’t considered many?

“How high do you think the Vermillion Bird demigod of Phoenix Island can rank in the God Sealing Battle…” The Empress asked again.

Shi Yu thought for a moment and said, “At the bottom? Even if it’s not at the bottom, it probably won’t be able to last two rounds. The demigods on the World King Planet are ridiculously strong. For example, we encountered a crow named Zavay who has mastered 15 quasi-divine skills. For example, Time Reversal, Time Acceleration, Time Slow, and Time Stop… If it didn’t encounter me, it could destroy Blue Planet alone before Blue Planet’s revival.”

“Hehe, but Senior Empress, you don’t have to be sad. When you come into contact with the cultivation system of the World King Planet, your cultivation resources will definitely be able to quickly follow in the footsteps of the myriad races in the starry sky. Since I revived you, I naturally have an even more important mission for you… The God Sealing Battle is nothing.”

“Can I also participate in the God Sealing Battle?” the Empress said. “You seemed to have said just now that you can obtain a lot of resources in the God Sealing Battle. Since you want us to increase our strength, you should have something you need our strength for, right?”

“Since I want to increase my strength, resources are indispensable. I want to snatch them from this God Sealing Battle.”

Shi Yu looked at Empress Huang Xi in surprise and said, “In theory, Blue Planet’s Will should be able to provide enough resources…”

“l still prefer to fight for it myself,” Huang Xi said.

“It’s not impossible, but you can’t break through to the divine level. Only demigods can participate in the God Sealing Battle…”

“This is also good. When the World King Planet and Blue Planet are connected, Senior Empress, you can join the Dong Huang Realm I established and represent the Dong Huang Realm in the God Sealing Battle. Oh, right, I’ll ask Senior Emperor Wu and Senior Dragon Emperor if they’re interested.” Shi Yu suddenly wanted to give it a try.

This way… he didn’t know how far the three emperors of Dong Huang could reach in the end when they participated in the God Sealing Battle.

“Mother Blue Planet, Aunt World Tree, are you there? Help me transfer to Emperor Wu and the Dragon Emperor.” Shi Yu turned around and spoke telepathically to the Blue Planet’s Will and the World Tree.

They had different discussions.

Dragon Palace City.

“Wu vw…” The little white dragon hid in the corner and covered its teary eyes with its dragon claws. It looked at the Dragon Emperor, who was chatting happily with the Space Dragon King and the Thunder Dragon King.

Seeing that even its father had to call the Dragon Emperor ‘senior’, the little white dragon completely panicked.

Holy sh*t, this person was actually… actually the big boss who overthrew the previous Dragon God’s rule with Aunt Dragon God back then?

Even the little white dragon’s father’s Beast Tamer, Lin Feng, was its junior??

Just now, it actually wanted to take the other party in as its little brother? The little white dragon understood that it had caused trouble again. It only hoped that this Dragon Emperor wouldn’t talk nonsense and would give it a chance.

Otherwise, it would be locked up again…

“During this period… so many things actually happened.” The Dragon Emperor sighed, his expression filled with vicissitudes. Although he had obtained the history of the world from Shi Yu, he had only recorded some major events. For example, some minor details that he was more concerned about, he knew better from these old Dragon Kings who had followed them in the rebellion back then..