Chapter 1541 - Chapter 1541: Beast Shi Yu (3)

Chapter 1541: Beast Shi Yu (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

“In other words, in the current Dragon Palace City, the Dragon God is Shi Yu’s pet, the Green Dragon,” Long Qingyun said. ‘As for Tian Li, she went to the World King Planet to cultivate.”

“Wu wu wu, Your Majesty, you’ve revived. The Dragon God will definitely be very happy.” The Prime Minister Turtle who assisted the Dragon God back then was excited to see Long Qingyun revived.

As the Dragon God Statue in Dragon Palace City didn’t reject Long Qingyun, it meant that this Long Qingyun was real. At this moment, the Dragon Kings of Dragon Palace City knew that the Dragon Emperor had returned.

“Sigh, after I die, not only will she have to take charge of Dragon Palace City, but she also has to take care of the huge Dong Huang. It’s been hard on her all these years,” Long Qingyun said. Just as he finished speaking, he was stunned.

After being stunned for a long time, he said, “Please let me go to the World King Planet and participate in this God Sealing Battle. Tian Li will also participate, right?”

“What’s wrong?” Seeing that the Dragon Emperor was suddenly distracted, the Dragon Kings were stunned.

“It’s nothing… It’s Shi Yu. I was talking to Shi Yu just now.” After Long Qingyun recovered, he said, “Can you tell me more about Shi Yu? And why the current Dragon God is called Buggy by the Third Prince?”

Long Qingyun remembered that Shi Yu’s Green Dragon was an existence that could defeat the remnant soul of the Ancestral Dragon in a parallel world…

“Shi Yu and Buggy.” Now, the Ice Dragon King, who had the highest seniority in Dragon Palace City, spoke and said, “It’s very simple, because that Green Dragon evolved from the Green Silkworm.”

“It was only so long when I first saw it back then.” Mother Dragon stretched out a finger.

Dragon Emperor:

“Green Silkworm?? Do I know that Green Silkworm? How is that possible?” The Dragon Emperor was stunned. It could understand if it evolved from snakes, lizards, and dragon carps into dragons, but why were bugs and dragons still connected?

The Green Dragon that defeated the remnant soul of the Ancestral Dragon evolved from a Green Silkworm?

The Thunder Dragon King said, “Big Brother Qingyun, times have changed.”

“Yes, yes, Senior Dragon Emperor, there are still many unscientific things in this era. Don’t worry, we’ll tell you slowly,” the Sea Dragon King said.

At the ruins of Emperor Wu.

“World King Planet? God Sealing Battle? Ranking Battle of all races? Alright, I’ll participate!” Emperor Wu said.

As soon as he finished speaking, Ji Mengzhu, Zhong Xuan, and the others looked at him.

“I’m talking telepathically to Shi Yu.” Emperor Wu laughed and said, “Looks like there’s a higher stage to show off soon.”

“Roar! ! Emperor Wu r s pets were also a group of battle maniacs.

Upon hearing Emperor Wu r s words, they were immediately extremely excited.

Only a young turtle lowered its face and said, “At that time… 1 might as well have died! ! ”

“Now that you all have the strength of totems, I’m only at the Awakening level. What should we do?”

“Ah, ah, ah, ah.” At the thought of starting over, Zhong Xuan’s face was covered in tears. It felt that what was its goal? Those who died had perfectly revived. On the other hand, it, who was alive, had suffered the radiation torture of 2000 years and was even forced to reincarnate and return to the young turtle stage.

“Senior Chong Xuan…” Ji Mengzhu stifled a laugh and said, “This might also be your mission. It’s all thanks to you that Shi Yu could obtain the Iron-eating Beast evolution materials so early back then.”

“If I remember correctly, Shi Yu seems to have a resource called the Reincarnation Fruit that can recover the power of his previous life. It was created by that ginseng baby. Using this, you might be able to quickly recover your power.”

“Baby Ginseng, Reincarnation Fruit?” Zhong Xuan was stunned. It recalled the big white radish it had educated back then and fell into deep thought. Back then, that ginseng baby wanted to help it recover from its injuries, but Zhong Xuan crticized the ginseng baby because it was too weak and failed. Now, was Zhong Xuan going to go over and beg that big white radish?

“Roar!! (Don’t trouble him, let me help you train! Emperor Wu’s Iron-eating Beast shouted. It was guaranteed to be efficient!

“Go to the side.” Zhong Xuan’s expression turned bitter. It was better to beg to see that ginseng baby. What goes around comes around. Who would have thought that the supplements it despised at that time would now become a straw to clutch at to recover its strength?

After Shi Yu informed Emperor Wu and the Dragon Emperor of the God Sealing Battle, he was in a good mood.

Wasn’t his Dong Huang Realm developing just like that?

Before it even started, three Level 9 Beast Tamers with extraordinary potential joined.

Of course, it was only potential now.

Although the three emperors of Dong Huang weren’t weak, they were only demigods in terms of the Blue Planet standards. Each of them still had a lot of room for improvement at Level 9.

However, Shi Yu believed that if they were given a stable cultivation environment and enough cultivation resources, they could quickly rise and reach achievements like the Space Emperor and Lin Feng.

Moreover, the time used would definitely be much shorter than what the Space Emperor and Lin Feng used.

The Space Emperor and Lin Feng had wasted so much time in the starry sky before reaching the peak of the divine level. They had purely entered the starry sky by accident, and it wasn’t the World King Planet that they directly entered. They had no one to rely on and were full and hungry. They didn’t have time to cultivate at all. Most of the time spent was thinking of ways to live.

However, Dong Huang and the other two legends were different. They could directly rely on future high-level planets, the growth of resources in two first-level realms and a second-level realm, preventing them from wasting their energy on useless things.

Back then, the Space Emperor and Lin Feng regretted missing the God Sealing

Battle. Now, Emperor Wu and the others… could finally represent Blue Planet’s

Beast Tamer to verify how far Blue Planet’s Beast Tamer could go in the God Sealing Battle and whether it was true that he could have super divine aptitude..