Chapter 1542 - Chapter 1542: Beast Shi Yu (4)

Chapter 1542: Beast Shi Yu (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios      Editor: Atlas Studios

Of course, Shi Yu didn’t count himself in… He felt that he was an exception.

“Let’s go! ! ”

Shi Yu returned to his senses. Chi Tong had already pulled Empress Huang Xi along and prepared to bring her to see the current Dong Huang.

The Empress was rather uncomfortable being pulled by Chi Tong. Unfortunately, Chi Tongs grip was too strong, and the Empress couldn’t persuade her.

“Where… are we going?”

“Call me sister.” Chi Tong ignored the others and liked the Empress very much.

Huang Xi: ‘

Chi Tong thought for a moment and said, “Let’s go to the Ancient Capital first.’

“Bye, Have a good time.” Shi Yu smiled and waved.

After Chi Tong and Huang Xi left, Shi Yu sighed.

“Alright, let’s wait for the World King Planet to connect. Before that…’

Shi Yu teleported to a manor in the capital and took out his previous life.

Now that he had broken through to the divine level, he had a new research direction.

Shi Yu, who had the talent of divine-level body control, could now achieve Soul Out of Body, Spirit Clone, and Broken Limb Rebirth.

Then, could his soul attach to his previous life?

Logically speaking, there shouldn’t be a problem. Of course, Shi Yu didn’t dare to bet. There was only one soul. If anything happened, he would be in trouble. Unless his current body was completely dead and couldn’t be used, Shi Yu didn’t dare to easily let his soul change bodies.

However, although his soul didn’t dare to move, Shi Yu planned to try using his spiritual clone to possess his previous life.

Compared to the soul, the risk to the spiritual clone was much smaller.

In the room, Shi Yu took a deep breath. A pure spiritual clone with no face condensed beside him that was filled with white light.

It wasn’t a problem for Shi Yu to create it more realistically, but there was clearly no need to be so detailed at the moment. Next, Shi Yu told the pets in the Beast Taming Space that he was starting the experiment. Every pet also focused their attention on the spiritual clone and Shi Yu’s previous life…

“God Ling, bless success!”

After Shi Yu’s prayer was completed, he directly let his spiritual clone integrate into his previous life and tried to control it. The World King Planet Archeological Association had experimented with this experiment many times. Soul possession, mental control, mechanical modification control, and plant control. There were many ways, but they all failed. There was no compatibility at all.

However, at this moment, Shi Yu’s experimental process was surprisingly smooth under the incredulous gazes of Ling and the others. It was as if Shi Yu’s mental strength had returned to his body and directly perfectly fused into the ancient corpse.

In the next moment, the ancient corpse lying on the ground suddenly opened his eyes.

Then, he slowly got up.

He looked at Shi Yu, who had swallowed his saliva in front of him.

“This… This… succeeded?” The two Shi Yus spoke at the same time in disbelief.

“Holy sh*t.”

With a thought, Shi Yu e s previous life form raised his arm. With another thought, he lowered his arm.

At this moment, the feeling of Shi Yu controlling his previous life form was like forcefully controlling a pet’s consciousness. It felt like he had forcefully contracted the other party.

However, the problem with Shi Yu’s beast was very big. That was, after obtaining the right to control its body, Shi Yu didn’t find any extraordinary power on it. There was no Beast Taming Space, no soul power, no mental strength. Apart from its body that was comparable to a super divine level, there was nothing.

Even at this moment, it was only a puppet clone controlled by his mental contract.

But no matter what, Shi Yu was overjoyed. As long as he confirmed that he could control and fuse with his previous life, it would be a huge progress.

“Hahaha, I’ve subdued Beast Shi Yu!!” Shi Yu was extremely excited, even happier than contracting a new divine pet.

However, at this moment, Eleven and the others were only stunned as they watched Shi Yu constantly fiddle with the ancient corpse.

“Wu wu wu!!!” At this moment, Eleven and the others looked at the ancient corpse who was practicing Taiji Fist. They opened their mouths in shock, not understanding the situation.

Oh my god!! A corpse came back to life!! Didn’t they say that even the ancient corpses of the era couldn’t be controlled??