Chapter 1545 - Chapter 1545: The Five Emperors Are About To Be Together (3)

Chapter 1545: The Five Emperors Are About to Be Together (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

Empress Huang Xi looked at Chi Tong in silence. She kept feeling that she was up to no good.

“l refuse.’

“Boring.” Chi Tong snorted and patted the Empress. It used the spatial control divine skill to teleport the Empress to the garden where Senior Lu and Principal Feng were.

Empress Huang Xi’s sudden appearance shocked Lu Qingyi and Principal Feng. They turned to look at this woman with an extraordinary aura.

“Huh? Chi Tong?” After being stunned, Lu Qingyi said, “No, you’re not Chi

Tong. Who are you?”

“Hu…” At this moment, Empress Huang Xi was only depressed. This Chi Tong… The Empress looked at Senior Lu and indeed sensed a powerful aura on her body. Just as Chi Tong had said, this female Beast Tamer was very strong. Her strength was probably not inferior to that of the Empress’.

However, as Empress Dong Huang, Huang Xi believed that she wasn’t inferior to anyone!

“My name is Huang Xi.” When the Empress finished speaking, Lu Qingyi and

Principal Feng widened their eyes and said at the same time, “Huh?”

“l was wrong. It’s indeed Chi Tong. Are you too engrossed in the role again?”

Lu Qingyi held her forehead and said, “Chi Tong, are you acting as the Empress this time? When did you and Shi Yu return?”

“It’s not acting. I… am the Empress!” Huang Xi said.

“Alright, alright, alrightQ’ Lu Qingyi said dotingly, ‘You’re the Empress.”

“Hahaha, needless to say, your aura is pretty good this time,” Principal Feng praised.

Empress Huang Xi: “?”

Damn it, she couldn’t stay with this Dong Huang anymore! What exactly did Chi Tong do with an appearance similar to hers?

A few days later, World King Planet.

An envoy from the realm lord committee led the Dong Huang Realm’s realm lord token to the Floating Realm and searched for Shi Yu.

However, Shi Yu wasn’t around. It was the Space Emperor who appeared and took the World King Token in Shi Yu’s place. Before Shi Yu left, he had already asked President Saatchi to hand the World King Token to the Space Emperor.

“World Master Wang Kong, this is the World King Token of the Dong Huang Realm. Please pass it to World Master Shi Yu.” The envoy delivered the World King Token and bade farewell.

Before long, the Space Emperor, Lin Feng, the Gem Cat, and the five super divines of Blue Planet gathered in the divine hall. Apart from that, the five divine races of Blue Planet also had a top-notch god each. They were all deputy realm lords who managed the realm when the five super divines were in seclusion.

This time, they would return to Blue Planet in place of the five super divines, mainly because before Blue Planet advanced, if a super divine level forcefully descended, it would drag down Blue Planet’s upgrade progress, causing Blue Planet to consume a lot of energy and overload.

In order to allow Blue Planet to quickly level up, the five super divine beings on Blue Planet clearly didn’t want to be in a hurry. They only planned to let their trusted clansmen occupy a position on Blue Planet first. With them around, no accidents would happen.

“President Saatchi isn’t bad. He really divided the three intersecting realms into Shi Yu’s territory according to Shi Yu’s request.”

“The resource level of this area far exceeds the other third-level realms and is already close to the second-level realm. It’s just that there are more dangerous places. We need to pay extra attention to development.” Lin Feng and the others saw the territory range represented by the Dong Huang Realm through the World King Token.

This area wasn’t suitable to be a territory, and the dragon vein luck wasn’t good either. However, Shi Yu had requested this position, so the realm lord committee would do him a favor.

If he wanted to develop such a place, he undoubtedly had to invest more resources. However, the geographical location was the most superior to Shi Yu. Choosing this place was definitely not wrong. As for development? With the support of two first-level realms and the support of a permanent teleportation array, it was actually not weak.

The Phoenix Race super divine said, “Let’s work together to modify this area first. Then, we’ll find a suitable location and build the teleportation array to contact Blue Planet!”

“Sure.” The group directly headed to the Dong Huang Realm. Five super divines, two peak divine-level Beast Tamers, five top-notch divines… Such a huge lineup was enough to modify and develop a first-level realm. Now, it was really a luxurious lineup to renovate a third-level realm.

Before long, Blue Planet, Blue Planet’s Will, and the World Tree sensed a reaction from the World King Planet’s teleportation array and immediately informed Shi Yu.

“He’s here!” Shi Yu, who had played a change of clothes for his previous life, suddenly stood up and revealed a shocked expression. He was finally here. The flowers he had waited for had withered.

“Pi Pi Dragon, let’s go. Forget it, Aunt World Tree, Teleport me. By the way, teleport Emperor Wu, Empress, Dragon Emperor, and Senior Divine Source over too.”

Under Shi Yu’s greeting, the people he mentioned had all received the teleportation invitation from the World Tree.

At this moment, Emperor Wu was cultivating bitterly in the Iron-eating Beast Ruins. He had already gradually adapted to this place and had also met the

Divine Source and President Lin. During this period, he even saw his fans White Brook and Lin Xiuzhu, who had passed the Iron-eating Beast inheritance to Shi Yu. He was rather emotional about the changes in the future.

On the Dragon Emperor’s side, after going to Dong Huang once, he still returned to Dragon Palace City. He realized that Shi Yu and Buggy were just hands-off bosses. Apart from giving Dragon Palace City enough power to suppress the external factions, they didn’t care about anything else. He couldn’t help but sigh and nurture some reliable subordinates for Buggy… For example, after the Dragon Emperor obtained the Sea Dragon Kings permission, he used a stick to educate it, hoping to make this little white dragon more reliable and be able to bear the title of the number one general under Buggy. It was considered one of his repayments to Shi Yu.

As for Empress Huang Xi, her final identity was also verified. Senior Lu, who learned that she had made a mistake, directly blushed. At the same time, she was extremely shocked by the Empress’s revival. In the end, she took the initiative to bring Empress Huang Xi to tour Dong Huang. With Chi Tong, the three women walked together and introduced Dong Huangs changes to her from the perspective of an archeologist..