Chapter 1549 - Chapter 1549: My Ruins (3)

Chapter 1549: My Ruins (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

Shi Yu was even more anxious to get the Four Holy Ruins now.

Because his Beast Shi Yu currently lacked a set of good equipment. How could just physical strength be enough? If he wore a good set of equipment, his battle power would probably be stronger. And if he wanted to create good equipment, Buggy’s power of creation, Shortys White Tiger Armor, and the Turtle’s Dark North Shield all needed more faith power.

As long as he borrowed the power of the Four Holy Ruins and let Buggy and the others help Beast Shi Yu forge a set of equipment from the Four Holy Era, Shi Yu felt that he should be invincible below the super divine level.

“Don’t worry, don’t worry. Old Master, have they… defrosted?” Lin Feng looked at the Divine Source.

“What do you think?” Divine Source said.

“I’ll go take a look at that mantis first,” the Space Emperor said. Apart from that, he also wanted to find out if he still had the bloodline left on Blue Planet. A bloodline of the same origin… He could still sense it himself. Regardless of the strength of the talent, he had to bring it back to the Wang family to nurture.

He had heard from Shi Yu that a little girl named Fang Lan was his descendant. This meant that he still had many bloodlines preserved after the Space Emperor Dynasty was destroyed.

“Seniors, sorry. I’ll visit you one by one after settling my family matters.” The Space Emperor cupped his fists at Dong Huang and the other two legends.

At this moment, Emperor Wu, the Empress, and the Dragon Emperor felt the pressure again. The Space Emperor, Shi Yu, and the others were clearly much stronger than them, but because of their seniority, they were still so polite to them. If their strength couldn’t increase quickly, they would feel a little ashamed.

Then, the Space Emperor left on his own to find the Void Mantis. Divine

Source brought Lin Feng to see Lin Fengs relatives. As for Emperor Wu, the Empress, and the Dragon Emperor, when they learned the truth of their revival, they held the cultivation system of the World King Planet even more solemnly and left to cultivate hard, waiting to head to the World King Planet to challenge the God Sealing Battle.

“What are you doing?” As for Shi Yu, he pulled the gem cat and left Wind Forest Garden.

“I’ll tell you a good thing. Don’t you want to hear it?” Shi Yu said with a smile.

“Teacher Owl said that she predicted that you would have a huge opportunity, the kind that can break through several levels.”

“What!” The gem cat girl was rather surprised. “That old witch actually knows to think about me.’

“Stop calling it an old witch. After she restored her astrologer form, Teacher Owl is quite beautiful.” Shi Yu smiled and said, “Its voice isn’t that sharp anymore.”

“Tsk.” The gem cat girl despised Shi Yu and said, “Did it give you any benefits? Why are you speaking up for it?” Shi Yu:

“Am I that kind of person?”

“I’m going to find the old witch. You play by yourself.” When the gem cat heard that the owl had predicted its opportunity, it couldn’t wait to ask carefully and let the other party calculate it.

“Boring…” Shi Yu looked at the gem cat’s figure and shrugged slightly.

Forget it, I’ll go play by myself. I wonder how long the Space Emperor, Lin Feng, and the others will take.

Shi Yu, who had nothing to do, chose to go back and continue using Beast Shi Yu to beat Eleven and the others up and give them special training. As for adding points, Shi Yu stopped. Firstly, adding points to divine skills was too tiring, and it was impossible for there to be too much progress in the short term. With the support of the Four Holy Ruins, the efficiency was higher.

Secondly, he had to give Eleven and the others an adaptation period. Otherwise, their foundation would be unstable.

Two days later.

As Shi Yu was resting, a voice resounded in the hearts of every intelligent life form on the Blue Planet.

Shi Yu heard it. It was the voice of the World Tree.

Ancient Capital University had already become the absolute main force here, such as Yu Shu, Miao Dongdong, An Chang, and the others. The fourth bureau of the Imperial Capital had already become Dong Huangs most impressive mechanic, Gao Xuan, after Divine Source and Shi Yu. Now, Heavenly King Zou and the others, who were still working hard to earn resources for the trending topic, looked up uniformly.

The Seven Islands, Tingxiang, Rongguang… Even the totem country, regardless of race, heard the voice of the World Tree.

“Hello, everyone. I’m the organizer of the World Tournament, the World Tree in Inatella.’

“Next, I announce an important piece of news.”

“The universe is extremely vast, and there are countless creatures. Our Blue Planet is only a corner of the universe. In the Mythical Era, the strongest expert on Blue Planet was only at the peak of the divine level. Above the divine level, there are even super divines. In the dark universe, it’s like the sun illuminating the starry sky. Above super divines, there are even invincible cosmic emperors and cosmic overlords who exist within the universe. With a raise of their hands, star domains are born and destroyed.”

“After the Mythical Era ended, Blue Planet shattered. The Blue Planet gods ran to the starry sky of the universe to find a new home.”

“And recently, Blue Planet has successfully recovered the Blue Planet gods who went to the universe hundreds of millions of years ago. Blue Planet has opened the teleportation passage that connects the starry sky of the universe to other civilizations.’

“That’s a world with richer resources. On it are the tens of millions of demigods from the various races in the starry sky participating in the God Sealing Battle. There’s the Void Battlefield that fought the Behemoth Empire, the Contaminated Land, and the Worm Mother Nest. There’s a super divine expert standing tall in the starry sky, presiding in all directions. That place is called the World King Planet. It’s a cosmic planet, located in the center of the starry sky of the universe.”

“The resource environment there is at most a thousand times greater than Blue Planet. After some setbacks, the gods of Blue Planet’s Mythical Era have already established a domain that belongs to Blue Planet on World King

Planet. Two months later, Blue Planet officially opens the passage to World King Planet. Those who are ambitious can head to the center of the universe.

World King Planet will break through its limit and challenge a larger stage..”