Chapter 1543 - Chapter 1543: The Five Emperors Are About To Be Together (1)

Chapter 1543: The Five Emperors Are About to Be Together (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

“Master… Master!”

Ling didn’t understand why Shi Yu could control this body so smoothly.

Could it be that something dirty had possessed him? From Shi Yu’s current mental state, it didn’t seem right.

Shi Yu wasn’t even this happy to be first in the God Sealing Battle.

“Don’t be nervous.’

“Do you want to know why?” Shi Yu stopped controlling his previous life and chuckled. “Because this body is mine to begin with.” “It’s equivalent to my previous life.”

“This is also why my compatibility with him is so high.”

“Ning… (Previous, previous life?!!)” Susu was shocked. Shi Yu also had a previous life?

“Yi?! (Reincarnation Fruit?)” Baby Ginseng suspected that Shi Yu had secretly eaten the Reincarnation Fruit it had created.

“What Reincarnation Fruit? The most ridiculous thing is that Master opened his previous life’s body from the super divine stone, and this previous life’s body is still at the super divine level!” Ling said.

“Wu wu wu! (As expected of you, Ling.)” Eleven said, and Buggy nodded.

Ling: “I’m not praising myself!”

At this moment, Little Ji, Duckie, Qi, Little Zi, Shorty, Turtle, Little Quas, and the others were all shocked.

This was the first time they had heard Shi Yu talk about his previous life.

“No! Having a previous life… isn’t strange. However, Master, your previous life… why was it the last era? Didn’t they say that even cosmic-level lives can’t come to the next era through any method, even reincarnation?” Ling still couldn’t figure it out.

Shi Yu chuckled and said, “I don’t know either, so… my next archeological goal is this.’

“Forget about this first. I’ve discovered something interesting.”

“Eleven, come out.’

Shi Yu called out. Eleven immediately walked out of the Beast Taming Space and looked at Shi Yu adorably.

Shi Yu said, “Punch him. Of course, control it well and don’t let the power leak. ”

“Huh??” Eleven was stunned. What, what, punch this…?

Now, Eleven, an intermediate god, could probably blow up a country with a punch. If it was Blue Planet before the revival, a punch could probably crack the entire Dong Huang continent and cause the world to tremble, causing volcanic eruptions and tsunamis to descend!

“Don’t forget, my previous life had a super divine level physique,” Shi Yu said.

Although there were no other powers, Shi Yu sensed this super divine level physique…

Shi Yu didn’t know what the super divine level physique mentioned by the five super divine gods on Blue Planet referred to. Did it refer to the physique of a super divine level human or the physique of a super divine level cosmic life form? In any case, Shi Yu felt that the physical strength of this super divine clone was definitely stronger than the current intermediate god Eleven.

“Wuu…” Eleven hesitated for a moment and listened to Shi Yu’s command. It gently punched the clone. In the next moment, the super divine clone caught Eleven’s punch with a palm.

“Harder, Eleven,” Shi Yu said. “Break free and take a look.”

“Wu     wu!” Eleven frowned and struggled free from the fist held by the super divine clone, but… it couldn’t break free no matter what!!

Eleven tried its best, but its fist couldn’t leave the palm of the super divine clone and was tightly pinched.

In the next moment, to Eleven’s surprise, the super divine clone directly pinched the back of its neck and lifted it up. The strength was so great that Eleven still couldn’t resist.

It was as if they had returned to their cub days and were pinched by the breeder until they couldn’t resist!

Eleven was shocked as if it had encountered a bolt from the blue. After all, it was now an intermediate god! !

Was the previous life of a Beast Tamer… so strong?

“Too strong!!!” Shi Yu couldn’t help but say. This super divine clone could also be used as perfect divine battle power, right??

Even if it only had physical strength, its battle power was still off the charts.

Although Eleven didn’t use its full strength and only used the power of the

Battle God Body. it was still comparable to a cosmic behemoth of the same level! And now, it couldn’t resist at all!

“Ji…” “Yi…” At this moment, in the Beast Taming Space, the other pets also looked at this scene in a daze.

Especially Qi, who had just become a top-notch god. She originally thought that she was already the strongest battle power in the team, but when she saw Shi Yu turn around and use a super divine Shi Yu Beast, she was immediately stunned.

This worked?

“Hahahaha.” Shi Yu controlled Beast Shi Yu to throw Eleven onto the sofa and patted Shi Yu’s shoulder. He said happily, “As expected of me!”

“Let’s leave it at that for now. We’ll find him some equipment later. It can directly be used as a secret weapon.”

“Beautiful! Little guys, from today onwards, I’ll help you adapt to the divine-level realm. I’ll be your sparring partner! At this moment, Shi Yu recalled his obligation as a Beast Tamer. He shouldn’t just add points.

He also had to help his pets accumulate battle experience!

Beast Shi Yu seemed to be a very good candidate.

Eleven, Buggy, Ginseng Baby: ???

“Beast Shi Yu can also participate in the next team internal competition.” Qi:

“Super divine stone…” Shi Yu looked forward to the more super divine stones Zi Jian brought back for him. A super divine stone opened a super divine level previous life, and a super divine stone opened a quasi Level 12 Time Crystal, allowing Qi to recover the power of her previous life and break through. This was simply… a lucky stone!

“Wait… I wonder if this body can be considered a human on Blue Planet…” Shi Yu fell into deep thought. In theory, this body was that of a human on Earth.. Was it possible to directly enter the ruins of the Earth Era? Without any special opening method?