Chapter 1547 - Chapter 1547: My Ruins (1)

Chapter 1547: My Ruins (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

The return of the representatives of the five divine races on Blue Planet, Lin Feng, and Wang Kong, meant that World King Planet and Blue Planet had completely connected.

“Seniors, welcome home. Have you brought the resources? Let’s talk about business first. We’ll catch up later,” Shi Yu said with a smile.

“Yes…” The top-notch god of the dragon race looked at the World Tree clone and said, “This is the Mother Goddess, right?”

The World Tree clone said, “I’m considered a part of Blue Planet’s incarnation.

The core will of Blue Planet is still sleeping most of the time. After all, Blue Planet hasn’t completely recovered at the moment. At the moment, I’ll do everything in its place.”

“You can call me World Tree.’

“Lord World Tree.” The top divines of the five god races said, “We greet you on behalf of the super divine ancestor.”

“It’s all thanks to Sir Shi Yu that we can finally return to our mother planet. This time, in order to let Lord Blue Planet breakthrough, our first batch of resources brought 100 super divine level cosmic crystals. In the future, 10,000 divine-level experts will be teleported over to nurture our stars!”

“l believe that with this help, Lord Blue Planet can quickly break through the shackles and reach super divine!”

In the Mythical Era, Blue Planet was only a step away from advancing to a high-level planet. However, if there were no huge resources to help with this step, it could still be endured. In order to let Blue Planet break through this time, the five divine races could be said to have invested a lot.

100 super divine level cosmic crystals and 10,000 divine level experts using their divine power to nurture Blue Planet day and night as nutrients. No matter which one it was, these support resources weren’t affordable given the Space Emperor and Lin Fengs financial resources.

Even the five great divine races with rich foundations suffered heavy injuries this time. However, as long as Blue Planet could break through, everything was worth it.

On the side, Emperor Wu, Empress, and Dragon Emperor fell into deep thought just by hearing the names of this batch of resources and hearing 10,000 divine-level cultivators nurture stars with their bodies. Such a big move was just to let Blue Planet breakthrough. Then what quest was it that led them to be revived?

“Thank you, everyone,” the World Tree clone said.

“No, for the sake of our mother planet, this is what we should do,” the top-notch divine of the Kirin Race said.

At the side, Shi Yu whistled silently. Seeing the five divine races of Blue Planet work so hard, Shi Yu was embarrassed. Since everyone was family now, he still had to give them the resources the five divine races deserved. If he didn’t give too much, he couldn’t ask for them… After all, it was also very difficult for him to take the permanent teleportation array!

“Lord World Tree, this is the construction method for nurturing mystic realms. We estimate that 10,000 divine-levels will descend on Blue Planet in half a month. At that time, we hope to have a mystic realm for them to move, live, cultivate, and work in.” The Space Emperor took out a skill book and handed it to the World Tree.

“No problem, I’ll prepare as soon as possible,” the World Tree clone said. “Everyone, you’ve come from afar. Why don’t you rest in Inatella first?”

“Hahahaha, alright.” The top-notch divine of the Demon Race said, “We also plan to stay on Blue Planet for a few days this time. We plan to look around.

Perhaps we can find some clansmen with good aptitude and nurture them.”

“That’s right. Our Blue Planet can be said to have produced many talents, but unfortunately, we didn’t have good opportunities.” The top-notch divine of the Phoenix Race nodded. Blue Planet had monsters like Shi Yu, the Space Emperor, and Lin Feng. In theory, there should be many geniuses. Now that there was a permanent teleportation array, they could choose more widely.

Previously, the Dragon, Phoenix, and Kirin races didn’t care much and missed a good opportunity. The geniuses brought back by the Angel and Demon Races weren’t very awesome compared to Shi Yu. exciting, the five major divine races were clearly unwilling to let it go just like that. At the very least, they had to find a genius of the same level as the Space Emperor and Lin Feng to bring back and nurture.

The top-notch divines of the five divine races suddenly looked at Emperor Wu, the Empress, and the Dragon Emperor. They suddenly felt that these three humans weren’t simple.

Especially the top-notch divines of the Dragon Race and the Phoenix Race, their gazes stopped on the Dragon Emperor and the Empress again and again.

The Empress and the others also looked at these top-notch divines. The Dragon Emperor’s heart was heavy. He felt that although they were amiable, every pressure wasn’t inferior to the remnant soul of the Ancestral Dragon.

Was this… the five divine races Shi Yu mentioned who had left the Blue Planet for the starry sky in the Mythical Era?

It was indeed very strong.

“Stop looking, stop looking. These three seniors are the ancestors of our

Floating Realm. They’re our people,” Lin Feng said. “Blue Planet is so big. Don’t just stare at our Dong Huang. You can choose any other country you want.”

“It’s very difficult not to watch. After all, your Dong Huang has a genius like Sir Shi Yu, the number one quasi-divine in the universe… We’re in an alliance. Don’t be so polite. A powerful human and a powerful divine race are the best choices.” The top-notch divine of the Kirin Race smiled at Lin Feng.

It was mainly because… their Kirin Race had been exterminated on Blue Planet, unlike angels and demons who could still go to their corresponding factions in the future to find new blood to nurture.

In short, ever since Shi Yu ascended to the top of the God Sealing Battle, the five divine races completely didn’t dare underestimate the Blue Planet. The five super divines even personally gave the order to find a few human geniuses like the Space Emperor and Lin Feng from Blue Planet and bring them into the race to nurture.

“Lord World Tree, we won’t stay longer in Inatella. Lin Feng and I are eager to return to our hometown. When there is new progress in the breakthrough plan, we’ll continue to cooperate.” The Space Emperor cupped his fists and said, “After we settle down, Lin Feng and I will visit again..’!