Chapter 1546 - Chapter 1546: The Five Emperors Are About To Be Together (4)

Chapter 1546: The Five Emperors Are About to Be Together (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

As for Old Master Divine Source, as the legends of Dong Huang revived, he was indeed very annoyed. He cultivated even more quickly, afraid that he would be left too far behind by the five legends. As for Emperor Shi and Shi Yu, he directly gave them a pass, thinking that these two guys couldn’t be chased.

Inatella.

As the World Tree Teleportation continued, Shi Yu, Emperor Wu, the

Empress, the Dragon Emperor, Divine Source, and the others appeared beside the teleportation array.

At the same time, on the World King Planet, it seemed to have also activated the teleportation array. Accompanied by spatial ripples, the Space Emperor, Lin Feng, the gem cat girl, and the top gods of the Blue Planet descended one by one!

“Huh?” However, when the Space Emperor and Lin Feng returned to Blue Planet and saw Emperor Wu, the Empress, and the Dragon Emperor, they fell into deep thought.

Why did these three people look a little similar to Emperor Wu, Empress, and Dragon Emperor in the ancient portraits…

Just as they were teleported over, the Space Emperor and Lin Feng were stunned. They didn’t know what was going on.

“Old Man Divine Source!” However, Lin Feng knew the Divine Source. At this moment, when he saw Old Man Divine Source, he laughed out loud and said, “Long time no see, Old Man Divine Source. You’re still alive.”

“You damn little rabbit! The old president was about to die of anger. To think that he was a little touched to see Lin Feng, but now it was all gone!

“Senior Space Emperor, Senior Lin Feng, let me introduce           This is Senior Emperor Wu, Senior Empress, and Senior Dragon Emperor.”

“Huh?” Lin Feng stopped smiling and swallowed his saliva like the Space

Emperor Kong. He looked at Emperor Wu, the Empress, and the Dragon Emperor, who were watching them. Their strength was clearly higher, but when they saw the previous emperors of Dong Huang, who should have died, appear here, their brains still couldn’t process it.

“Shi… Shi Yu… What’s going on?” Lin Feng was stunned.

“As you can see, that’s what happened.” Shi Yu shrugged. “They revived.”

“The five emperors are in the same frame. It’s just around the corner!” Shi Yu looked forward to it. The connection between the two worlds meant that Blue Planet wasn’t far from leveling up.

Emperor Shi was the only one left!

“Space Emperor, Wind Emperor? Shi Yu has already told us about you. It’s all thanks to you that Dong Huang in the future,” Emperor Wu, Empress, and Dragon Emperor said.

Emperor Kong and Lin Feng:

Could they not tell them ghost stories as soon as they returned home?

Didn’t Shi Yu say that only Emperor Shi was still alive? Why did they all revive all of a sudden!!

This was ridiculous. The five emperors were about to be together in the same frame? Was Shi Yu playing stamp collecting here? This was archeology. He had even gotten the ancients??

Why did Shi Yu create a supernatural plot again after not seeing him for a while?

“Cough, cough, cough.” At this moment, as they listened to the Dong Huang humans reminisce, the five god races on Blue Planet were impatient. What was going on? A divine dragon, a Phoenix, a Kirin, an angel, a demon, and the five top-notch gods coughed dryly together, wanting to attract the attention of the World Tree clone and the green vortex worm beside the teleportation array. They also wanted to attract Shi Yu’s attention.

Could he take a look at them!

They were carrying important resources for Blue Planet’s breakthrough, as well as plans.

“Oh?” Shi Yu looked at the top gods of the five divine races. The permanent teleportation array was useful.

Well… The five super divines of Blue Planet wouldn’t come over before Blue Planet leveled up. They were the spokespersons, right? Shi Yu wondered if Beast Shi Yu could defeat these five top-notch gods. He pondered slightly.

“Welcome home, everyone.” At this moment, the World Tree clone finally spoke. It looked at Lin Feng, Wang Kong, and the top gods of the five god races with emotion and sensed their extremely strong power.

Apart from the gem cat girl, who was also a little stunned when she saw the three emperors, everyone was very strong!