Chapter 1548 - Chapter 1548: My Ruins (2)

Chapter 1548: My Ruins (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

He and Lin Feng were indeed anxious to return to Dong Huang. At the same time, they wanted to immediately ask Shi Yu what was going on with the three Dong Huang emperors, Emperor Wu, Empress, and Dragon Emperor.

“Alright, then I’ll entertain the five of you first,” the World Tree clone said. “l also happen to have many questions about the five divine races and want to ask them.”

“Shi Yu, take good care of your two seniors.”

“Of course.” Shi Yu smiled and said, “Looks like there’s nothing else. Aunt World Tree, why don’t you send us back to Dong Huang again? Just send us back to the capital.”

The World Tree was silent for a moment. After nodding, it sent Shi Yu and the others back.

Dong Huang, Imperial Capital, Beast Tamer Association headquarters, Wind Forest Garden.

In the garden, seven of the eight legendary figures of Dong Huang gathered. Of course, there was also a cat girl. She didn’t care about Blue Planet’s breakthrough the whole time and had been observing Emperor Wu, Empress,

and Dragon Emperor strangely. She still didn’t understand how they revived.

Emperor Wu and the Empress were thrown aside first. The Dragon Emperor had revived. The Dragon God of the World King Planet still didn’t know, right?

Living with the Dragon God these few days, the gem cat gossiped about many of the Dragon God’s little secrets. Both parties became best friends. At this moment, seeing the Dragon Emperor revive, the gem cat suddenly wanted to coerce the Dragon God…

Sister Dragon God, you don’t want your little secret to be known by the revived Dragon Emperor, right?

“Shi Yu…” At this moment, Dong Huang and the others were teleported back. Although the Space Emperor and Lin Feng had many things to deal with and many old friends wanted to see them, they still looked at Shi Yu first, wanting to ask him for an explanation.

“Hahaha, forget it. I’ll explain it to everyone.” Shi Yu saw that so many people were puzzled, including the three emperors of Dong Huang themselves. They wondered why they had been revived and couldn’t help but say, “It’s like this. This still starts from the last cosmic era…

Everyone:

Next, Shi Yu told the legendary figures of Blue Planet about the Goddess Wa’ s Ruins. When they heard that Blue Planet might have existed in the previous era and that its past life could be after becoming a cosmic-level star, everyone was deeply astonished.

“Therefore, Goddess Wa left behind a revival tool. Shi Yu, you and the Blue Planet’s Will chose the three of us as the candidates most likely to break through to the super divine level and revived us. Then, we hope that we can become the key to opening the ruins of Earth in the future,” the Dragon Emperor said.

“That’s about it. However, Seniors, you don’t have to feel too much pressure.

There are so many of us, Senior Space Emperor, Senior Lin Feng, Senior Divine Source, and me. Even if someone can’t break through to the super divine level and falls behind, it’s fine. In the end, we just have to gather five,” Shi Yu said with a smile.

Emperor Wu, Dragon Emperor, Empress:

Was this a problem that didn’t matter? This was a matter of face, alright?

Now, the various rulers of Dong Huang were all here. Choose five more and choose five super divine levels. If anyone didn’t reach a super divine level in the end, how embarrassing would that be? Didn’t that mean that he was the worst ruler of Dong Huang?

After using Goddess Wa’ s revival tool but not being able to help in the end, what would the Blue Planet’s Will think in the end… What would happen if Goddess Wa asked?

“Therefore. I don’t want to tell the seniors early. The super divine level is

still too far away… It won’t be good to create anxiety.” Shi Yu scratched his cheek and smiled.

Old Master Divine Source: Stop talking, stop talking. I’m also very anxious.

“Haha… I still feel that it’s a little unbelievable…” Lin Feng said, “Senior

Emperor Wu, Empress, and Dragon Emperor… actually revived. In addition to Senior Emperor Shi, who has already reached the super divine level, doesn’t that mean that the five legendary emperors of the Dong Huang Dynasty are really in the same frame?”

“What? Emperor Shi is still alive? Moreover, super divine level?” Emperor Wu, the Dragon Emperor, and the Empress were stunned when they heard this news.

“Yes, haven’t I told you?” Shi Yu then told everyone about the super divine Emperor Shi and said, “In other words, if we want to gather five super divine humans and explore the ruins of Earth, there are only four spots for us.”

Emperor Wu, Empress, Dragon Emperor, Space Emperor, Divine Source, Lin Feng, Shi Yu… Of the seven people, three were destined to be abandoned.

“This is even if other countries, or rather, other genius Beast Tamers on Blue Planet, can’t reach the super divine level,” Shi Yu said with a laugh.

At this moment, as Shi Yu finished speaking, Emperor Wu, the Empress, the Dragon Emperor, and the others felt that it was ridiculous. They didn’t expect that as soon as they revived, they would have to fight for that super divine spot with so many monsters, including Shi Yu.

“Super divine level… isn’t that easy, right?” The Dragon Emperor was speechless. He hadn’t even reached the divine level.

The remnant soul of the Ancestral Dragon that was sealed died.

No matter how he thought about it, it was a little far away.

Of course, the Dragon Emperor was confident that it wasn’t inferior to anyone!

Lin Feng said, “Hahaha, Senior Dragon Emperor, it’s not as difficult as you think. Killing a few more super divines will definitely drop. Let’s work hard together. You don’t want to be the only one who hasn’t become super divine, right? Then, what will Senior Dragon God think of you?”

Dragon Emperor: “?”

Why was Lin Fengs mouth so annoying?

Seeing the Dragon Emperor’s dark expression, Divine Source was in a good mood.

“That’s about all. I wonder when Blue Planet can advance to a high-level planet… At that time, our levels might be led to increase a little,” Shi Yu said. “Senior Lin Feng, quickly go do your own thing.. Hurry up and finish your work so that you can return to the World King Planet and go to the Heavenly Spirit Realm with me to get the ruins!”