Chapter 1555 - Chapter 1555: Beast Shi Yu Evolution (1)

Chapter 1555: Beast Shi Yu Evolution (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

“Interesting, too interesting.”

The King of Gods, Shi Yu, cracked and took away the Four Holy Ruins, revealing that he had appeared in the martial world, immediately making the World King Planet lively!

After all, it involved the hottest Kine of Gods, super divine experts, and the

ruins of the era.

No one expected the God Sealing King, Shi Yu, to be so fierce. He had just taken down the permanent teleportation array when he obtained another powerful resource.

This rise was simply unstoppable.

“Damn it. He broke through.”

Zavay, Ming Gu, and the others didn’t expect Shi Yu to break through to the divine level so bluntly. Seeing the calm look on Shi Yu’s face as he instantly killed a top-notch divine in the video that was circulated, they felt a heart attack.

Be it the Green Dragon Domain that was in charge of suppressing the two Green Dragons or the pink-haired spatial Shi Yu form after fusing with Qi, it shocked everyone.

These were powers that Shi Yu had never displayed in the God Sealing Battle. How many trump cards did Shi Yu still have?

“So you want the identity of a realm lord for the ruins…” At this moment, even President Saatchi, who had cultivated several perfect divines, didn’t dare say that the perfect divine beast he cultivated could defeat Shi Yu when he saw the big news…

No one expected Shi Yu’s speed to be so fast. He was only the strongest quasi-divine half a month ago, and half a month later, he was close to the peak of divine-level battle power.

Breaking through was the peak!

Now, with the enhancement of the Four Holy Ruins, Shi Yu, who had the four holy pets, was terrifying.

“What the hell? The Four Holy Ruins… was really cracked by Shi Yu?” Outside the World King Planet, Captain Zi Jian also received the news and was immediately shocked.

When she saw Shi Yu’s Four Holy Beasts in the God Sealing Battle, she had some guesses. She felt that Shi Yu had definitely obtained benefits in the Four Holy Ruins that she didn’t know about. Now that Shi Yu had directly taken away the Four Holy Ruins, Zi Jian understood that she had lost to Shi Yu completely in the archeology of the Four Holy Ruins.

She had come to the World King Planet to suppress the archeologists of the World King Planet, but she didn’t expect to be suppressed before she could make any results. The key was that the person who suppressed her was her current long-term transaction partner. She still owed the other party a lot of resources…

This was a little difficult for Zi Jian to accept.

“However, the Four Holy Ruins have been taken away like this. The Four Holy Super divine definitely won’t let the matter rest. Can Shi Yu handle it?” After seeing this, Zi Jian also investigated the five super divines behind Shi Yu. Although they were also super divines, the difference was still a little big compared to the Four Saints super divines.

“Forget it, what am 1 thinking? The super divine won’t attack so easily, and with the threat below the super divine level, I believe this Shi Yu has enough confidence to deal with it before deciding to take away the Four Holy Ruins,” Zi Jian judged.

On the World King Planet, the super divine was the same as the forbidden weapon on Blue Planet. The various large factions checked each other and wouldn’t attack easily. However, she estimated that Shi Yu would encounter many threats below the super divine level.

In the face of Shi Yu and the Exposing Kings actions, soon news of refutation spread from the Green Dragon Family, and a bounty was issued for the Exposing King!

“The wandering cultivator, Jin Ji, has nothing to do with the Green Dragon Family. Although it’s immoral for Shi Yu to take away the ruins of the era, it’s legal. The Green Dragon Family has no right to interfere, nor will they interfere too much. However, the Green Dragon Family strongly condemns Shi Yu’s bloodthirsty behavior and also feels that it’s a pity that most of the Four Holy Evolvers have lost their cultivation places. They welcome the Four Holy Evolvers, who have nowhere to go and join the Four Holy Family.”

Apart from that, the Exposing King spread rumors, deliberately smeared the Green Dragon Family, and insulted super divine experts. This behavior will definitely be punished. Please don’t spread rumors, don’t believe in rumors, and don’t spread rumors. Let’s protect the peaceful environment of the World King Planet together. Here, my Green Dragon Family issues an S-level arrest warrant for the Exposing King. Anyone who captures the Exposing King alive or provides information about him will be rewarded with a quasi-cosmic treasure.”

The Green Dragon Family quickly refuted the rumors and issued a wanted order for the Exposing King. They also roped in a wave of scattered Four Holy Evolvers. Soon, at least on the Four Holy Evolvers’ side, many voices denouncing Shi Yu appeared.

As for the Exposing King, everyone was already used to it being wanted.

Among the super divines who wanted it, there wasn’t much of an extra Green Dragon super divine. No one thought that anyone could easily catch this guy.

As for whether what the Exposing King said was true or false, people on the Internet also had their own opinions. Some felt that what the Exposing King said was true, while others felt that there were many faith ruins at the level of the Four Holy Ruins in the Four Holy Family. How could they lack this one? The Green Dragon super divine was high above all others, so it wouldn’t be bothered with a small figure at all. It felt that the Exposing King was making a conspiracy theory to freeload on popularity.

But no matter what, Shi Yu was considered to be standing opposite most of

the Four Holy Evolvers. Shi Yu didn’t care about this at all. At this moment, he had already returned to the Floating Realm and happily protected the Four Holy Ruins.

With this thing, he could strengthen Beast Shi Yu into invincible battle power below super divine. It would be no problem for him to add points to all his other pets to top-notch divine.

With such huge benefits, what was wrong with provoking some enemies? How could he not be envious after obtaining benefits? Now that he had the Four Holy Ruins as an energy source, anyone who was hostile to him could be sensed by the Shorty in a certain range. If one came, he would kill one. If two came, he would kill two.

If he couldn’t defeat them, he would shake them and escape. Then, he would add points and kill it. Shi Yu felt that it wasn’t a loss.

“Master, you can tell the public that the Four Holy Ruins will still be opened once every ten years for the Four Holy Evolvers to use for free. This way, you won’t be affected in public positions. As for ten years later… there definitely won’t be anything left in the Four Holy Ruins, but at that time, we will definitely have already reached the super divine level, let alone care about this. In any case, you no longer have any morals. It’s fine to lie to the public for peace..”