Chapter 1558 - Chapter 1558: Beast Shi Yu Evolution (4)

Chapter 1558: Beast Shi Yu Evolution (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

In terms of the Beast Taming level, Shi Yu wasn’t in a hurry to increase it. He just had to wait for the pet’s feedback. Moreover, he still had two meditation jades, but with Time and Spatial Strengthening Talents, in order to make it more convenient for archeology in the future, Shi Yu couldn’t let them fall behind too much.

Apart from that, after the Time and Spatial Strengthening Talents reached Level 10, together with the Fusion Talent, their escape ability would definitely increase.

Therefore, Shi Yu planned to use the divine-level Cultivation Fruit to major in the Time and Spatial Strengthening Talents. The cultivation difficulty of these two talents wasn’t something the Fusion Talent could compare to. Even with the supply of resources, it would probably take a long time.

At this moment, the outside world was in an uproar because of the era ruin, the Exposing King, and the Green Dragon Family. As for Shi Yu, he slept as if nothing had happened.

During this period, the two cats didn’t stay idle either. One went to tell the Dragon God about the Dragon Emperor, and the other contacted their race…

Just like that, three days later…

A divine-level creature with powerful divine power descended into the Dong Huang Realm! !

“Perfect God?” The Space Emperor, Lin Feng, and the five super divines of Blue Planet opened their eyes at the same time and looked at the spatial crack that appeared in the sky.

“No, this guy’s divine power is very ridiculous. He might be close to the legendary epoch god! ! ” The five super divine beings on the Blue Planet looked at the sky.

“Who is it?” They were puzzled.

A rat-headed person walked out of the spatial crack. It had a humanoid body and was wearing black clothes. Its red eyes were filled with intelligence.

Seeing this guy, the five super divines of Blue Planet, the Space Emperor, and Lin Feng were slightly stunned.

The Astrologer Race’s patriarch was currently known as the existence with the strongest premonition on the World King Planet. He had once strategized to change the situation of the super divine battlefield and let the World King Planet win.

Some super divine-level experts might have also mastered the power of

premonition, but they weren’t as strong as this guy.

The Astrologer Race was such a unique race.

“Why is he here? Wait.” The Space Emperor and the others suddenly recalled something. Shi Yu had said that Teacher Owl of Blue Planet was from the

Astrologer Race in its previous life. Then, clansmen would come to pick it up. Therefore, the one who came to pick it up… was actually the Astrologer Race’s patriarch?

They thought that the owl was at most an ordinary astrologer…

So, its identity might be very noble, and even the patriarch had to personally welcome it??

The arrival of the Astrologer Race’s patriarch, Tutu, also made the Prediction Owl quickly fly out of its residence. Looking at the rat person in front of it, it recognized at a glance that this guy was its brother.

Although it had been many years since they last met, its eyes were still so intelligent.

In another place, Shi Yu and the gem cat were very silent. They didn’t understand the complicated relationship of the astrologers. Why was the sister an owl and the brother a rat?

Cat and mouse?

This industry was really messy.

“Little Brother…” At this moment, in the sky, Teacher Owl finally saw its family. It couldn’t hold it in anymore on the spot and shouted with tears streaming down its face.

All these years, it had suffered so much!!!

It had predicted everything, but it didn’t expect that it would encounter a disaster and die during the search for the source of transcendence!

There was a bug in this premonition skill. It was scamming the owl!

“Sister…” At this moment, the Astrologer Race patriarch also shouted a word that stunned the five super divines of Blue Planet and Kong Lin.

Huh???

What?!!!

They had also investigated this owl. At first, it was just a hooligan from Dong Huang Imperial Capital University. It was about the same as the gem cat. It was already very ridiculous for it to be the reincarnation of an astrologer. In the end, this guy was the sister of the extremely noble Astrologer Race patriarch??

When did the Astrologer Race’s patriarch have a sister?