Chapter 1559 - Chapter 1559: Exposing King Tu Tu (1)

Chapter 1559: Exposing King Tu Tu (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

“Brother, you don’t know how bitter I’ve been all these years.”

In Shi Yu’s realm lord mystic realm, Teacher Owl and the Astrologer Clan patriarch reminisced with tears in their eyes.

Teacher Owl held a wine glass and complained about how difficult things had been.

Shi Yu and the gem cat listened silently.

“So, Sister, you indeed encountered a mishap during the search for the source of transcendence…

“Then, you accidentally reincarnated into the mother planet of the realm lord Shi Yu…

“As Shi Yu, the realm lord, developed the Reincarnation Fruit and brought back the permanent teleportation array, you were able to recover your memories and return to World King Planet.”

The Astrologer Race patriarch sighed and said, “It’s indeed not easy for you after so many years. Fortunately, you died. Otherwise, I wouldn’t have been nurtured by the race and become the patriarch.”

Prediction Owl: ???

“Sorry!” Patriarch Tu Tu covered its mouth and said, “I’m too fast with my words. I’m used to it. Sister, you know me. It’s just the position of patriarch. I can’t compare to you. If it weren’t for you, I would have died long ago. I’m very happy that you could return! From today onwards, this patriarch position is yours.”

“l don’t want to. The patriarch still has to help people predict things. How tiring is that? You do it yourself. You just have to give me the patriarch’s resources.”

Patriarch Tu Tu: “?”

Teacher Owl said, “But to my surprise, you actually became so strong during the time I was away.”

“l remember that your premonition ability was clearly much weaker than mine.”

“Good brother, you’ve become successful. I’ll rely on you for the rest of my

Patriarch Tu Tu sighed and said, “After you disappeared, the Astrologer Race had no successor. I also paid a lot of price to have my current strength.

Fortunately, not only did the current Astrologer Race not fall, but it also developed very well.”

“Sir Shi Yu, thank you for your help to my sister. If you need the help of the Astrologer Race in the future, the Astrologer Race will be duty-bound.”

“Patriarch, you’re too polite. Teacher Tu Na is my very important teacher and has provided a lot of help on my path of growth. I should be the one thanking Teacher Tu Na,” Shi Yu said.

“There’s no need to be polite. Tu Tu, Shi Yu is pretty good. He’s also a newcomer and has just arrived at the World King Planet. See if there’s anything we can do to help him.”

“The realm lord Shi Yu is indeed extraordinary. I’ve already heard about the God Sealing Battle. No one has been able to take down the permanent teleportation array for many years,” Tu Tu said.

“Why don’t we? From today onwards, the Astrologer Race is a friend of the Dong Huang Realm. We can predict the future of the realm lord Shi Yu for free, no limit!”

“Too stingy,” Teacher Owl said. “Brother, are there any more Sons of Prophecy spots in our race?”

The Son of Prophecy was recognized by the Astrologer Race as an outsider who could lead the astrologers to a more prosperous realm. He was the one who invested the most among the geniuses of the astrologers.

“Sister.” Patriarch Tu Tu looked at the owl. Why was it helping outsiders as soon as it returned?

“This matter… might be difficult.” Patriarch Tu Tu smiled bitterly and said,

“Sister, realm lord Shi Yu just offended a large number of the Four Holy

Evolvers a few days ago. He might even have offended the Four Holy Family.”

“Although Sir Shi Yu is your friend and 1 1 m also willing to help him, some elders in the race will definitely be wary of this. It’s impossible to let Sir Shi Yu become a Son of Prophecy. Now, I’m also restricted everywhere in the race.”

“But his potential is indeed not bad. Isn’t his results in the God Sealing Battle very good…”

Tu Tu said, “Sister, 3,000 years ago, there was a guy who obtained first place in the God Sealing Battle like Sir Shi Yu and completed the champion challenge. This person was cultivated by our Astrologer Race. Even so, he couldn’t become the Son of Prophecy of the Astrologer Race.”

“Although Shi Yu’s battle results as a realm lord are very strong, it’s not enough.”

“…” Teacher Owl was helpless. It understood if its brother still looked down on Shi Yu.

“What Son of Prophecy? Teacher Tu Na, don’t make things difficult for Patriarch Tu Tu,” Shi Yu said. “You guys can reunite and talk about your own things. Don’t worry about me.”

“No,” Teacher Owl said. “Brother, to tell you the truth, Shi Yu completely has the aptitude of a Son of Prophecy!’

“Don’t forget, apart from his extraordinary potential, he also has a pet that’s expert in the power of luck.”

“Apart from that, he also obtained the support of the inheritor of the Star Prayer Race. If I’m not wrong, our race should have an inheritance item from the Star Prayer Race, right? Moreover, no one in the race can fuse with it, but this guy has the aptitude to fuse with the power of the Star Prayer Race!” Teacher Owl pointed at the eager cat girl beside him.

The gem cat had been waiting for a long time.

“She’s already the inheritor of the Star Prayer Race. The power of the Star Prayer, the power of the astrologer, and great luck. Do you know what this means? Although 1 failed in my breakthrough, I also found an opportunity to help the Astrologer Race reach its peak!”

“The heir of the Star Prayer Race??? At this moment, Tu Tu, who had never paid attention to the cat girl, suddenly looked at the gem cat. He didn’t expect that this cat, who looked like a decoration, was actually the heir of the Star Prayer Race that had been exterminated.

So that was the case. Sister’s astrological power, her power of the Star Prayer, and Lings outstanding luck… No wonder Shi Yu could become the King of Gods in such a monstrous manner..