Chapter 1553 - Chapter 1553: The Unethical Shi Yu (3)

Chapter 1553: The Unethical Shi Yu (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

“You…”

At this moment, seeing that Shi Yu refused to be soft, President Zong Jie really had no choice. In the next moment, a dragonman in a black robe emitted a powerful aura of anger and flew into the sky, flying in front of Shi Yu.

A top-notch divine might spread.

“Your name is Shi Yu, right? President Zong Jie has already given you a lot of face. Are you sure you want to take away the Four Holy Ruins?”

“Are you sure you want to cut off the path of our Four Holy Evolvers? This is no different from making an enemy of all the Four Holy Evolvers!”

“If you insist on taking away the Four Holy Ruins, I, Jin Ji, will be the first to disagree.”

“l don’t agree either!” Soon, another green divine dragon stopped in front of Shi Yu, its killing intent spreading.

[These are all “loose cultivators”, at least on the surface. They’re not members of the Four Holy Family. According to the rules, the Four Holy Family won’t attack brazenly, and the Four Saints super divine won’t appear, but you will definitely face the obstruction of many loose cultivators.]

[Shi Yu, don’t worry. If they dare attack, Senior Space Emperor and I will kill them.] Lin Fengs voice sounded in Shi Yu’s heart.

At this moment, the five super divines escaped into the void and secretly protected Guardian Shi Yu. As for Wang Kong and Lin Feng, they mixed in the crowd below and waited for changes.

[Thank you, Senior Lin Feng. However, a mere top-notch divine can’t stop me. When a perfect god appears, help me solve it. Leave what I can solve to me.] In the sky, Shi Yu smiled.

Lin Feng and the Space Emperor were stunned.

Shi Yu opened his palm, and the phantom of the Four Holy Ruins floated on it. He looked at the Green Dragon and Dragonman blocking in front of him and said, “What has it got to do with me if you don’t agree?” “I’m bringing the ruins away, how dare you stop me?”

“You guys are emitting killing intent. Do you want to kill me?”

The Dragonman, Jin Ji t s killing intent began to materialize. “If you insist on taking away the Four Holy Ruins, I won’t kill you, but don’t even think about leaving standing! ‘

“For the sake of all the Four Holy Evolvers, I can’t let you take away the Four Holy Ruins either!”

President Zong Jie was expressionless. Most of the Four Holy Evolvers below watched the commotion, hoping that they would leave the Four Holy Ruins behind.

In the live stream, the audience who was paying attention here stood in different camps and kept arguing about this matter.

[Kill him if necessary.] Thinking of the order issued by the higher-ups, the hearts of the Dragonman and the Green Dragon skipped a beat.

However, before they could attack, Shi Yu, who was opposite them, moved first.

“l don’t like people threatening me, let alone people morally kidnapping me.”

After Shi Yu finished speaking, a green-gold color appeared in his eyes and turned into dragon eyes. The huge Green Dragon Domain instantly spread throughout the entire sky. In the Green Dragon Domain, Shi Yu’s figure flashed. The two Green Dragons opposite him were shocked to discover that they could no longer mobilize the power of faith.

Before they could react, Shi Yu e s figure had already passed them. At the same time, their bodies directly shattered into pieces. Their heads and bodies were directly sliced open. A huge hole appeared on their foreheads, and blood flowed. Behind them, Shi Yu had already turned pink. He held the Umbrella of Time. Red blood was still dripping from the tip of the umbrella. The blood droplets flying in the sky matched Shi Yu’s pink hair.

Under incomprehensible shocked and afraid gazes, the top-notch divine dragon person and the high-level divine green dragon felt their lives flowing away and let out miserable cries, not understanding what had happened to them!

Wasn’t this guy a quasi-divine???

Did he break through to the divine level? But even so…

Also, didn’t President Zong Jie say that someone would protect them when their lives were threatened?

Why…

“Ah!!!” Screams spread through the sky. Shi Yu put away the Umbrella of Time, removed his fusion state with Qi, and the Green Dragon Domain enhanced by the Four Holy Ruins.

“Look, you only have killing intent towards me, so I’ll kill you first. Do you think a person like me has any morals? Kidnapping me was vwffong.”

Shi Yu was happy.

“Let’s go. Bye. Whoever wants to snatch the Four Holy Ruins is welcome at any time. But if they come, they’ll definitely die.”

“The Environmental Protection Association, the Space Disaster Research Institute, and the Plant Association behind me… won’t let you off either.” Everyone:

After Shi Yu finished speaking, he swaggered towards the crowd in the sky. At this moment, the eyes of the group of Four Holy Evolvers were filled with shock. As Shi Yu flew over with killing intent, they were instantly so frightened that they dispersed.

Below, the Space Emperor and Lin Feng looked at Shi Yu in a daze. They were a little stunned by the moment Shi Yu instantly killed top-notch divines and high-level gods.

“Holy sh*t.” Lin Feng was shocked. “l didn’t see clearly. What’s going on? I know that Shi Yu broke through to the divine level, but what’s with this battle power? Shouldn’t he be a new divine after breaking through?”

The Space Emperor also said in disbelief, “A spatial skill enhanced by top-notch divine power. He… F*ck, as soon as he broke through, he became a top-notch divine?”

“In addition, that special domain suppressed the other party’s power…”

In the void, the five super divines of Blue Planet were also extremely stunned. Holy sh*t, why was Shi Yu so fierce after breaking through to the divine level??

Instant kill a top-notch divine? What a joke. Even when they were top-notch divines, they weren’t this fierce.

Shi Yu didn’t say much at all. He didn’t even wait for the person who stopped him to attack first and directly insta-killed the person who stopped him. He scared the bunch of Four Holy Evolvers surrounding him out of their wits on the spot, also stunning President Zong Jie in midair and at a loss..