Chapter 1557 - Chapter 1557: Beast Shi Yu Evolution (3)

Chapter 1557: Beast Shi Yu Evolution (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

“Ah, this.” Shi Yu was speechless. “Then I’ll wait for your clansmen to arrive.

I’ll go torment the Four Holy Ruins first!”

Next, Shi Yu returned to the realm lord mystic realm of the Dong Huang Realm and began cultivating.

Before Blue Planet broke through, the five super divines would definitely protect it here. Protecting the permanent teleportation array was also considered indirectly protecting Guardian Shi Yu. In this situation, no one would definitely dare to cause trouble.

Next, Shi Yu could also relax and increase his strength in peace.

“Buggy, Chi Tong, Shorty, Turtle, Little Quas, come here.” Under Shi Yu l s call, a few guys on the team who cultivated the power of faith were called over.

Shi Yu then called Beast Shi Yu out. He smiled and looked at Buggy and the others. “Next, your first quest is to use the power of faith of the era in the Four

Holy Ruins to forge a set of equipment for it!”

“No problem, right?”

“Use the power of faith as you wish to forge extreme equipment that you can forge now. Next, I’ll talk about my train of thought.”

“Sword Shield Knight!” Shi Yu said. “l want him to become a Sword Shield Knight. Buggy, use the laws of creation to forge a World Creation Sword. This sword has to be hard, heavy, and strong enough to allow Beast Shi Yu to perfectly display his strength advantage.”

“Then, through your Creation God authority, you can give the laws of this sword and transform physical strength into other forms of power.”

“Ji!” Buggy expressed its understanding.

“Turtle, Little Quas, you use the power of faith to forge a shield with the strongest defense, mainly defense mental strength. After all, Beast Shi Yu’s greatest weakness is mental strength.”

“And Shorty, it’s the same for you. Create an armor with a strong defense that’s mainly to protect Beast Shi Yu’s body and spirit. It’s still mainly defensive spirit.”

Beast Shi Yu was good at everything, but when Shi Yu used it to practice with his pets, he realized that Beast Shi Yu’s mental domain was especially easy to target.

Buggy successfully used the mental control divine skill to pull Shi Yu’s clone out of Beast Shi Yu, causing Beast Shi Yu to immediately be unable to be controlled.

Therefore, Shi Yu created equipment mainly to protect the spiritual clone in Beast Shi Yu. As for Beast Shi Yu himself, to be honest, even if Shi Yu let Qi fuse with him and poked around with the Umbrella of Time, its defense couldn’t be broken. Its defense was shocking.

After all, Qi now had divine power on the scale of a top-notch divine. In addition, Shi Yu also relied on the divine-level Cultivation Fruit to increase his Fusion Talent to the divine level. The combination of the two of them had very shocking attack power.

Otherwise, that top-notch Green Dragon God wouldn’t have died so miserably. But even so, it couldn’t break through Beast Shi Yu’s body, so it probably didn’t need special care.

Therefore, Shi Yu’s train of thought was to mainly focus on defense. In addition, he could transform Beast Shi Yu’s strength advantage into the sword formed by other forms of power, the Imagination Creation Sword. This way, it could increase Beast Shi Yu’s attack area, and Shi Yu wouldn’t have many shortcomings.

“As for Chi Tong, just condense a Vermillion Bird clone for me,” Shi Yu said with a smile.

“AlrightQ’ Chi Tong nodded.

“Why don’t we still use the Vermillion Bird clone?” Chi Tong said. Beast Shi Yu was also Shi Yu, so Chi Tong should also protect him!

Chi Tongs main body protected Shi Yu, and the Vermillion Bird clone protected Beast Shi Yu!

“Use the clone to adapt first,” Shi Yu said. During his time on Blue Planet, Shi Yu often used Beast Shi Yu as an experiment. Apart from the Spirit Clone Possession Experiment, there was also the Undead Possession Experiment.

Of course, Shi Yu first went to the wild to catch a ferocious spirit to do the experiment. Shi Yu got it to possess Beast Shi Yu. Then, in the end, without a doubt, its soul dissipated.

Then, Shi Yu let the ferocious spirit possess Beast Shi Yu, who was controlled by a mental clone. In the end, the undead possession was successful.

This meant that under the circumstances where Shi Yu’s spiritual clone controlled Beast Shi Yu, the undead pet could possess Beast Shi Yu. This discovery was too strong. This could directly make up for Beast Shi Yu’s soulless disadvantage. If Chi Tongs Vermillion Bird clone possessed the fully armed Beast Shi Yu, it could directly let Beast Shi Yu evolve into the Beast Shi Yu Four Saints template.

Shi Yu estimated that Beast Shi Yu, who was controlled by his mental clone, could have perfect battle power without considering mental weaknesses.

As for Beast Shi Yu, who wore top-notch equipment forged with the power of faith in the Four Holy Ruins at all costs… Shi Yu couldn’t say for sure at the moment, but considering the growth of Buggy and the others, Beast Shi Yu’s battle power would definitely grow with them.

At that time, Shi Yu felt that it wasn’t impossible to strengthen Beast Shi Yu, who had the battle power of a perfect peak god.

The difference between a perfect god and a perfect peak god was definitely huge. The weak ones had just reached the perfect level with normal divine skills, while the strong ones had top-notch divine skills (Perfect+47). The latter was already close to the epoch god limit and could fight a super divine.

Of course… the premise was that he had to spend money. Apart from training and adding points to the four holy pets, he also had to spend a sum of the power of faith on Beast Shi Yu’s equipment. He didn’t know how long the power of faith in the Four Holy Ruins could last.

Lings speculation about using it all in ten years was probably conservative.

“Alright, I’ll leave it to you. I’ll go cultivate too.” After Shi Yu gave Buggy and the others quests, he threw Beast Shi Yu to them to measure and ran to cultivate.

He also had a bunch of content to cultivate.

At the moment, Shi Yu t s realm was at the peak of the sixth level of the divine level. His telepathy, body control, and Fusion Talent were at level 10. As for his Time and Spatial Strengthening Talent, it was still at Level 9..