Chapter 1552 - Chapter 1552: The Unethical Shi Yu (2)

Chapter 1552: The Unethical Shi Yu (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

The weather continued to tremble. Soon, it attracted the attention of the entire Heavenly Spirit Realm. Even the super divine realm lord of the Heavenly Spirit Realm opened his eyes, but he quickly closed them.

At the Heavenly Spirit Archeological Association, President Zong Jie from the Green Dragon Family flew out in silence. He recalled the instructions of the super divine ancestor in the family… As expected… something still happened! “Shi Yu is using the Four Holy Ruins. He cracked the Four Holy Ruins!”

“How is this possible? Ever since the Four Holy Ruins appeared, it has never been cracked at all. Even the super divine level Four Saints are helpless. Even the top archeologists of the cosmic overlord army can’t do anything. He…”

At this moment, many passers-by picked up the camera device. Although it might invade Shi Yu’s privacy, such a big matter still made many Four Holy Evolvers and Beast Tamers unable to help but secretly take photos.

Soon, a live stream of the current situation even appeared on the World King Planet network.

“King of Gods Shi Yu descends to the Heavenly Spirit Realm and wants to take the ruins of the Four Saints Era!”

As soon as the live stream appeared, it was quickly reposted by the realm People of the Heavenly Spirit Domain. It spread. In less than two minutes, it became the explosive news that received the most attention.

“This…” After President Zong Jie descended, he saw Shi Yu, who was moving the Four Holy Ruins, and recalled the mission given by the patriarch.

“The person in front is the King of Gods, Shi Yu.” He rode the Green Dragon over and spoke directly after arriving.

The King of Gods was a respectful title for the person who completed the champion challenge of the God Sealing Battle. It expressed that after the other party stepped onto the divine level, he would definitely become a king among the divine level.

“Sir Shi Yu, please wait!” President Zong Jie shouted.

“Oh?” Shi Yu turned around and floated in the sky with his psychic power. He looked at President Zong Jie, who was riding a top-notch divine Green Dragon.

“Isn’t this President Zong Jie? What’s the matter?”

“Sir Shi Yu, what are you doing?” President Zong Jie said with an anxious expression, “The Heavenly Spirit Realm is currently in turmoil. Please stop!’

“President Zong Jie, aren’t you an archeologist? Can’t you tell? I’m moving the Four Holy Ruins. Moving the ruins is just a big commotion. It won’t cause any harm to the surroundings,” Shi Yu said.

“This commotion… You indeed cracked the Four Holy Ruins!” President Zong Jie pretended to be confused. At this moment, as Shi Yu confirmed it himself, the surrounding Four Holy Evolvers were even more shocked.

The Four Holy Ruins that hadn’t been successfully cracked for millions of years had actually been cracked this time.

And the person who cracked him… was the King of Gods, Shi Yu!

“Sir Shi Yu, then you’re going to take away the Four Holy Ruins??” President Zong Jie asked.

“Of course, since I’ve cracked the Four Holy Ruins and become the owner of the ruins, I have the right to deal with it. I plan to bring it away from the Four Holy Ancient City,” Shi Yu said very naturally. “Is there anything wrong?” “Of course not…!”

“Ever since the appearance of the Four Holy Ruins, it has long been an inseparable part of the Heavenly Spirit Realm and the Four Holy Ancient City.

It has already become a symbolic ruin here, and it’s even an open ruin for all

the Four Holy Evolvers…”

“l wonder how many Four Holy Evolvers are hoping to use the power of faith bestowed by the Four Holy Ruins to cultivate. If they take it away, it will cut off the path of the Four Holy Evolvers.”

President Zong Jie said, “Sir Shi Yu, please think twice.”

At this moment, when they heard President Zong Jie’s words, many of the

Four Holy Evolvers were also stunned. A portion of the evolvers from the Four Holy Families also realized what the consequences would be if Shi Yu took away the Four Holy Ruins.

The Four Saints Meeting that was held every ten years was directly gone.

There was no place to freeload the power of faith of the Four Saints anymore. “The Four Holy Ruins belong to everyone. You can’t take it away!’

“Sir Shi Yu, are you going to cut off the path of all the Four Holy Evolvers on the World King Planet because of your own selfish desires?” Below, someone quickly echoed President Zong Jie.

Shi Yu was speechless. He knew such a thing would happen.

This was a moral kidnapping.

“The Four Holy Ruins are ownerless to begin with. According to the rules of the World King Planet, it belongs to whoever cracks it, right? Why does it belong to everyone again?” Shi Yu dug his ears with his little thumb and said, “You guys are too noisy.”

“According to the rules of the World King Planet, only the realm lord has the right to have the era ruins that he cracked,” President Zong Jie said.

“Well, that’s right. I’m a realm lord now.” Shi Yu looked at the Four Holy Evolvers below and even flew into the sky to confront him. “There’s no problem, right? The procedures are in line, so don’t kidnap me morally.”

As Shi Yu finished speaking, President Zong Jie was speechless. He knew that Shi Yu was definitely sufficiently prepared.

“Sir Shi Yu, the rules are like this, but the rules are dead. The Four Holy Ruins is indeed very important. It concerns the evolution path of the Four Holy Evolvers. I can’t represent the archeological association, but I want to represent the Green Dragon Family to negotiate with you and leave the Four Holy Ruins. Our Green Dragon Family is willing to compensate you in other aspects. ”

“Then let’s talk about it later. I’ll take it away first. If the discussion goes smoothly, I’ll put it back. However, you guys are so rich. Isn’t it better to directly compensate the Four Holy Evolvers who lack the power of faith? Why did you have to go through such a big round?” At this moment, Shi Yu had already pulled the Four Holy Ruins out of the Heavenly Spirit Space, and the commotion of taking away the Four Holy Ruins gradually shrank.

Soon, the phantom of the Four Holy Ruins kept shrinking, turning into a

spatial ripple that flew into Shi Yu!s hand..