Chapter 1551 - Chanter 1551: The Unethical Shi Yu (1)

Chanter 1551: The Unethical Shi Yu (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

If Shi Yu wanted to take the Four Holy Ruins, the five super divines of Blue Planet were helpless.

They had already promised the Space Emperor and Lin Feng previously, so it was difficult for them to regret it now.

In a hall, the five super divines turned into human forms. Some were sitting on the sofa, while others stood at the side. They looked at Shi Yu, Lin Feng, and the Space Emperor who entered.

As for the gem cat and the owl, they expressed that they didn’t want to get involved in this messy matter.

Their mission, wishing for a safe trip and predicting if there was any danger, had been completed.

“Seniors, Blue Planet has already been arranged. Shi Yu has been talking about us for a long time. Let’s accompany him,” Lin Feng said.

“It’ll be fine. After taking the ruins, let Shi Yu return to Blue Planet to develop wretchedly. Who can do anything to us?”

He was also waiting for Shi Yu to send the power of faith.

“Alright! Then let’s make a trip.” The five super divines on Blue Planet were helpless when Shi Yu courted death. However, they were also certain that the Four Holy Family wouldn’t do much on the surface when Shi Yu took away the ruins.

“Shi Yu, you’re a realm lord now. You’re qualified to take away the era ruins you cracked, but as super divines, it’s not suitable for us to follow you out. Just take it away. With us around, no one dares to stop you,” the dragon super divine said.

“Alright, thank you, seniors.” Shi Yu also knew that it was very difficult to let the five super divines go with him. He didn’t expect them to follow behind him like bodyguards. This was no different from an insult to super divine experts. It would lower their status.

“Senior Space Emperor and I will also accompany you,” Lin Feng said.

“Alright.” Shi Yu was overjoyed. He could finally take away the cracked ruins.

At the same time, in a secret space on World King Planet that didn’t belong to any realm.

A strange person in a fox mask was touching his crystal ball. At this moment, the crystal ball suddenly lit up, and the profile picture of a yarrow grass strange person appeared.

“Patriarch!” the yarrow grass monster said.

“How many times have I said this? Don’t call me patriarch, call me Exposing King!” said the person behind the fox mask. “Tell me, what is it?”

“Patriarch, there are new changes in our astrological trajectory. Your sister, Lady Tu Na, might have appeared on World King Planet! She… is back!”

The Exposing King was stunned. “What did you say?!! My sister, she…”

He had a look of disbelief. His sister had been missing for a long time in order to break through to the super divine level. He had divined many times, but it was always to the death. Of course, there was still a chance of survival in the death scene.

At this moment, when he heard his clansmen say that the clan’s treasure had divined a new result, the Exposing King immediately extinguished the crystal ball excitedly and personally divined again.

After a long time, he opened his eyes in disbelief.

“Sister, she… why is she with that Shi Yu?”

“Forget it, forget it. However, she actually fell to the demigod level… Did she escape through reincarnation?”

“According to the guidance of the divination results, Sister will return to the family herself. In that case… I’ll wait for her in the family.”

“However, before that, there seems to be big news in the Heavenly Spirit Realm and the Four Holy Ancient City. I have to go take a look!”

A day later, in the Heavenly Spirit Realm, in the Four Holy Ancient City.

Shi Yu and the others directly arrived at the Four Holy Ancient City.

Although it wasn’t time for the ruins to open, there were still many Four Holy

Evolvers cultivating and communicating here.

Shi Yu’s arrival wasn’t hidden. He swaggered and flew in the sky.

“Look, isn’t that… Shi Yu??” At this moment, Shi Yu was considered a public figure on World King Planet. At least for 100 years, Shi Yu!s reputation would definitely not disappear.

It was really too brutal for Eleven and the others to turn the God Sealing Battle into an internal team competition. As their Beast Tamer, Shi Yu was naturally covered in a layer of mystery.

“l remember him. When the Four Holy Ruins opened, he was also in the Four Holy Ancient City. At that time, Captain Zi Jian of the cosmic overlord army even praised his archeological attainments above President Zong Jie of the Heavenly Spirit Archeological Association! ”

“It’s said that he obtained quite a lot of benefits in the ruins of the Four Saints last time. His Four Saints pet is so strong because it obtained benefits in the ruins. I wonder if it’s true.’

After many of the Four Holy Evolvers present discovered Shi Yu, they discussed. Then, they realized that Shi Yu was flying straight in the direction of the Four Holy Ruins. They were slightly stunned before following over to

see what Shi Yu wanted to do.

A moment later, Shi Yu flew to the unopened Four Holy Ruins and used his authority as the owner of the ruins to move the Four Holy Ruins.

Boom!

An unprecedented vibration immediately resounded through the Four Holy Ancient City and quickly spread to the entire Heavenly Spirit Realm. The scale of the Heavenly Spirit Realm was countless times larger than the Floating Realm, but with this violent vibration, the hearts of many experts suddenly thumped as they looked at the cracked sky in disbelief.

The commotion of moving the ruins of the era was indeed very big. No wonder Lin Feng said that as long as the ruins were moved, they would definitely be discovered.

Shi Yu looked at the era ruins that were slowly leaving the space and took a deep breath as he waited quietly.

When the surrounding passers-by saw this scene, they opened their mouths wide and revealed shocked expressions… Shi Yu… Shi Yu was… moving the Four Holy Ruins?

They looked at the huge phantom of the Four Holy Ruins that was pulled out of the Heavenly Spirit Realm space and were directly stunned..