Chapter 1554 - Chapter 1554: The Unethical Shi Yu (4)

Chapter 1554: The Unethical Shi Yu (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

“Holy sh*t.. ” On the Internet, everyone was even more stunned. In that instant… what was going on?!

Shi Yu… Didn’t he just participate in the God Sealing Battle that only quasi-divines could participate in half a month ago?

He already… broke through to the divine level?

However, even if he broke through to the divine level, they could understand that Shi Yu could defeat a high-level divine with all his might and fight against a top-notch divine. However, he directly insta-killed the top-notch divine that provoked them and made outsiders unable to understand what was going on.

It was incomprehensible.

“No one’s stopping him anymore?” At this moment, although he still sensed several killing intent with the power of Shorty, just as the owl had predicted, there didn’t seem to be any danger. He successfully left the Four Holy City with the Four Holy Ruins.

“This bastard!!!” In the Green Dragon Domain, the Green Dragon super divine that was paying attention to the situation of the Four Holy Ruins was furious. Seeing Shi Yu take away the Four Holy Ruins so ungratefully, it was directly furious to the extreme.

However, soon, the Green Dragon super divine calmed down. No matter how strong it was, it didn’t dare openly target Shi Yu. According to their investigation, Shi Yu had at least five super divine guardians during the God Sealing Battle!

Although it was those pitifully weak guys from the Dong Xuan and Heavenly Demon domains, and it even dared fight five alone, because of this unreasonable thing, openly starting a super divine battle on the World King Planet, the Four Holy Family couldn’t withstand the pressure of public opinion. It would make Shi Yu’s connections in the Environmental Protection Association and the cosmic overlord army surge in. At that time, it would be even more troublesome.

But no matter what, in its opinion, Shi Yu already had a way to die.

“Ancestor, bad news. Look at this.” Just as the Green Dragon super divine was extremely angry, the Green Dragon family discovered explosive news.

It turned out that on the Internet, the Exposing King had appeared again and revealed big news.

In the scene, the Exposing King said excitedly, “Big news. I believe everyone saw the live broadcast of Shi Yu taking away the Four Holy Ruins just now.

Come and let me reveal some information hidden inside!”

“This involves three parties. The president of the Heavenly Spirit

Archeological Association and a member of the Green Dragon Family, President Zong Jie, the King of Gods, Shi Yu, and the independent cultivator,

Jin Ji, as well as the Green Dragon!’

“Actually, the itinerant cultivator Jin Ji isn’t a real itinerant cultivator. It attacked Shi Yu under the instructions of President Zong Jie. The reason why President Zong Jie wanted to target Shi Yu was because he was instructed by the Green Dragon super divine of the Green Dragon Family!’

“As for why it instructed it like this… It’s to let all the Four Holy Evolvers enjoy the Four Holy Ruins? Stop being silly and sweet. It’s obvious that the Green Dragon super divine is afraid. It’s worried that Shi Yu will obtain the Four Holy Ruins and nurture his Green Dragon to the super divine level before replacing it!’

“It’s afraid, it’s afraid.’

“Indeed, among the followers of evolution, they were truly enemies.”

“This guy values his status more than anything.”

“l even want to morally kidnap the King of Gods, but unfortunately, this King of Gods doesn’t seem to have any morals.”

“Pfft.” Seeing the video, the Green Dragon super divine almost spat out blood.

It was even more furious than Shi Yu taking away the Four Holy Ruins. The Green Dragon super divine’s voice resounded through the entire mystic realm.

“Shi Yu can be spared for the time being, but this Exposing King has to die!!! Gather the strength of the entire race and arrest him!! Don’t let me know who this guy is!! Roar!!!”