Chapter 1556 - Chapter 1556: Beast Shi Yu Evolution (2)

Chapter 1556: Beast Shi Yu Evolution (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

“I’m so lazy. Forget it, I don’t care about the views of the outside world. There are many immoral things I’ll have to do in the future. There are so many ruins of the World King Planet era. Every time I obtain one, I have to consider how troublesome it is for those with vested interests,” Shi Yu said as he dug his ears.

“Back then, didn’t the behavior of the epoch god, who killed several super divine level realm lords in a row, be even worse? But now, the other party is one of the three strongest super divines under the World King. Who dares talk about him? Just kill everyone who provokes us. It’s better than using Baby

Ginseng to fish for law enforcement.”

“l knew you were lazy,” Ling said.

Shi Yu and the others returned to the Floating Realm without any danger, just as the gem cat had made a wish and the owl had predicted.

After returning, the Space Emperor, Lin Feng, and the five super divines immediately appeared and looked at Shi Yu speechlessly.

“Shi Yu, did you eat the source of transcendence to break through?” Lin Feng exaggerated.

“From a scientific point of view, the progress of your strength is unreasonable,” the super divine of the Demon Race said. “It’s too exaggerated.”

Shi Yu smiled. “Seniors, don’t forget, you helped me get a quasi Level 12 Time Crystal from the super divine stone. Now, I have a beast that had top-notch divine battle power in its previous life. With resources, together with Baby Ginsengs Reincarnation Fruit, its strength restoration is relatively fast.”

“In addition, I used the power of the Four Holy Ruins to suppress the Green Dragon Evolvers and prevent them from unleashing their full strength. This solution is clearly very scientific.”

After a moment of silence, the Space Emperor said, “Alright, there’s no need to say anymore. Seniors, why don’t you protect the Dong Huang Realm next and protect the permanent teleportation array until Blue Planet breaks through? As for Shi Yu, let’s send him back to Blue Planet and let him hide and digest the power of the Four Holy Ruins first.”

“l can return to Blue Planet, but can we wait a little longer? The owl who came with me was a member of the Astrologer Race in its previous life. I promised the owl to accompany it home to take a look…” Shi Yu smiled and scratched his head.

Blue Planet’s five super divines: ???

Didn’t he know that he had just offended the Four Holy Family? He still dared to go out and have fun?

“You brat.” Lin Feng was also shocked. Shi Yu must have grown up with the guts of the Exposing King.

“Uh, then if it really doesn’t work, let’s contact the Astrologer Race and get them to send someone over to pick up their family members themselves. I won’t go, I won’t go.” Seeing that Senior Kong and Senior Lin didn’t seem to be very supportive, Shi Yu shrugged.

At this moment, Qi had already finished absorbing all the Time Crystals. Its spatial travel had just broken through to the perfect level. In other words, the current Qi was a perfect divine who had mastered a perfect divine skill.

Although its battle power was low and it was biased to the point where it might only be the weakest top-notch divine, its escape ability was definitely top-notch. Apart from the five major cosmic levels, there should be very few who could capture it. After all, when she was still at the expert level of Space-time Travel, she could escape under the threat of the three super divines who invaded the Blue Planet. Now, unless it was a powerful super divine who specialized in both time and space, they shouldn’t be able to do anything to Qi.

There was clearly no such super divine in the Four Holy Families.

“If it’s not necessary, you should obediently stay in the Dong Huang Realm and accompany Blue Planet to grow. The digestion of the Four Holy Ruins can allow you to obtain considerable benefits when Blue Planet breaks through. There’s no need to take other risks,” the Space Emperor said.

If he wanted to mess around… he should at least wait for Senior Emperor Shi to come out.

Emperor Shi was definitely more reliable than the five super divines beside him.

“Alright.” Shi Yu expressed his understanding.

In the Dong Huang Realm, the gem cat and owl paid attention to the Internet the whole time. When they saw Shi Yu instantly kill the top-notch Green Dragon God and retreat unscathed, the two cats first exploded and heaved a sigh of relief.

“Why is this kid improving so quickly? I was right about him,” Teacher Owl said.

“This Exposing King is so fierce. No wonder you predicted that Shi Yu wouldn’t be at risk. If I were the Green Dragon super divine, I would definitely hate this Exposing King more than Shi Yu.”

“The risk has shifted,” the gem cat teacher said as it farmed the video of the Exposing King.

No wonder so many super-divines were chasing after it. It really dared say it.

The cat was very impressed.

“This guy can cause more trouble than Shi Yu. In comparison, I suddenly feel Shi Yu is relatively stable.” The owl’s eyelids twitched as it watched the video of the Exposing King.

“But it’s said that his bounty is quite high. Look, just the Green Dragon super divine alone has a bounty on a quasi-cosmic treasure. He offended more than one super divine. If we can capture it alive, won’t we make a killing?” the cat said.

“That makes sense. When I recover my power, I might be able to consider predicting its identity,” the owl said. “Cooperate with me.”

“Alright! We’ll predict our identities and let Shi Yu catch them. Then, the rewards will be divided equally.”

“I’m back.” As the two cats communicated, Shi Yu had already returned to the Dong Huang Realm. Then, he immediately found them.

The gem cat and owl looked at Shi Yu at the same time. Shi Yu, who was courting death.

“Teacher Owl, Senior Space Emperor and the others don’t seem to recommend us to go to the Astrologer Race now. Do you have any special way to contact them and get them to look for you?”

“There’s no need for them to say it, I don’t recommend it either,” Teacher Owl said. “If I follow you, I might encounter an assassination at any time. It won’t be good if I’m implicated.”

“Next, I’ll think of a way to inform the clan to pick me up…” The Prediction Owl also felt that this was more reliable..