Chapter 1550 - Chapter 1550: My Ruins (4)

Chapter 1550: My Ruins (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

“However, the number of people is limited. I’ll update the rules of the World Tournament. In a month, a new World Tournament will begin, targeting various races. Those with good results can prioritize entering the World King Planet to train and obtain the support of resources from Blue Planet.”

After the World Tree announced this, the creatures on Blue Planet were shocked.

“The center of the universe, World King Planet?”

“There’s actually… such a place?” “The God Sealing Battle attended by tens of millions of demigods??”

“Myriad races in the starry sky?”

“There’s such a terrifying competition? Compared to it, the World Tournament… is nothing. 1 wonder if Shi Yu can still be so powerful after participating in this God Sealing Battle.”

Many geniuses were extremely shocked. Then, when they heard about the endless opportunities on the World King Planet, they looked forward to it again.

The reform of the World Tournament this time was simply more exciting than the batch Shi Yu participated in.

Shi Yu, who heard this news, only smiled. From the looks of it, the World Tree had already reached a consensus with the Space Emperor and the five divine races to let Blue Planet attack the World King Planet.

On the World King Planet, there were actually many races from other planets, occupying more than 60%. The resources on the World King Planet were almost unlimited. Since Blue Planet now had the ability to teleport potential geniuses to the World King Planet on a large scale, there was no reason not to fight with the various races in the starry sky.

“Shi Yu.” The World Tree broadcasted completely and found Shi Yu telepathically. It made a call and said, “The Space Emperor and Lin Feng said that they have already finished handling their own matters and plan to return to World King Planet.”

“Coming, coming, wait.” Shi Yu picked up his cell phone and called the gem cat and the owl, informing them to prepare. Then, he called Senior Lu… “Senior Lu, we’re returning to the World King Planet. Do you want to go with

“Shi Yu… No, I plan to enter World King Planet through the passage of the

World Tournament organized by the World Tree in a month,” Lu Qingyi said. “Senior Empress has also decided to come with me.”

Shi Yu was speechless. He was the one who fought his way back to the teleportation array, so why was there a big wave? Weren’t they taking up the spots of others!

“Alright… There’s a buffer process,” Shi Yu said.

Next, Shi Yu called Senior Panda and the others to ask if they wanted to go together. Shi Yu remembered that ever since Eleven and Senior Panda finished the ranking battle of all races with sharpness, Senior Panda had always wanted to compete in rankings with Eleven.

“No, no, no. I’m not at the Legendary level yet. It’s useless even if I go, right? I want to rely on challenging the New World Tournament to go to the World King Planet. Although the cultivation fruit you gave me… is very effective, I’m confident.” On Senior Panda’s side, Shi Yu also obtained a similar regeneration and couldn’t help but be speechless.

Alright, I’ll go back myself.

Soon, Inatella, Shi Yu, the gem cat, and the owl arrived one after another.

However, to Shi Yu’s surprise, it was fine if the Empress didn’t come, but even Emperor Wu and the Dragon Emperor didn’t come.

“What’s going on? Senior Dragon Emperor isn’t going to see Senior Dragon God anymore?” Shi Yu asked.

“Isn’t that because the support resources given by the five divine races to the Floating Realm and Lord World Tree are too generous?” On this side, Lin Feng smiled and said, “They all plan to rely on their own hard work to head to the

World King Planet and give up on following us directly to take the resources.”

“Seniors all have their own pride.”

(Yes, yes.)” A discordant voice came from behind Lin Feng.

The corners of Shi Yu e s mouth twitched. “Then why is the little white dragon here?”

Lin Feng glanced at him and said, “Little Hai asked me to throw it to World King Planet to train. In any case, it doesn’t take up much space, so I’ll bring it along.”

“This guy doesn’t seem to be arrogant.”

“Shi Yu Big Pot! The little white dragon shouted.

Who knocked out your teeth?

“Cough, cough, Shi Yu,” the Void Mantis beside the Space Emperor also said.

“You guys…” Shi Yu was caught between laughter and tears. The gem cat and owl beside Shi Yu were also a little speechless. “Then Shi Yu, let’s go,” Emperor Kong said.

“Alright.” Shi Yu nodded.

Next, they, who had just arrived at Blue Planet from the World King Planet not long ago, stepped onto the path to return to the Back World King Planet. The teleportation array was activated, and Shi Yu and the others directly disappeared.

World King Planet, Dong Huang Realm, Dong Huang City.

At the moment, Dong Huang City was the only city in the Dong Huang Realm. Everything was still very simple. The staff from the floating, Dong Xuan, and Heavenly Demon Realm were also in charge of managing the interior.

After Shi Yu and the others returned, five super-divine fluctuations immediately swept their thoughts over.

Shi Yu also followed the fluctuations and said, “Seniors, why are you in such a hurry to welcome us? I know you’re impatient. There’s no time to lose. Let’s go to the Heavenly Spirit Realm to get the Four Holy Ruins now.”

The five super divines: ???

Who was in a hurry to get the ruins?

They didn’t want to get it at all, alright?

“Don’t worry, before I came, I asked the Astrologer Race to predict that there’s no danger on this trip!’

As Shi Yu finished speaking, the owl girl following beside Shi Yu had a bitter expression. Although she indeed didn’t pose any danger, just hearing that Shi Yu wanted to take the Four Saints Ruins that the Four Holy Family regarded as their exclusive property gave the owl girl a headache.

She could now confirm that the difficulty of convincing her family to assist Shi Yu would increase tenfold. Even she was a little afraid of Shi Yu at the moment, afraid that Shi Yu would provoke a strong enemy one day.

The Four Holy Family!! That was the Four Holy Family!

When she was still on the World King Planet, the Green Dragon super divine had already transcended five times. The Vermillion Bird, Black Tortoise, and

White Tiger super divine had also transcended above transcendent 4. In the entire World King Planet, they were extremely rare and powerful super divines.

For example, the five super divines on Blue Planet were the weakest transcendent 1… Even if the five of them added together, they might not necessarily be able to defeat two of them… Sigh!