Chapter 1560 - Chapter 1560: Exposing King Tu Tu (2)

Chapter 1560: Exposing King Tu Tu (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

“How is it? Is the Star Prayer Race qualified?” The owl realized that the cat girl seemed to be more useful than Shi Yu and could shock its brother more.

“This, this, this…

Tu Tu hesitated.

In fact, Tu Tu didn’t have the absolute right to speak in the race, and it was just lying to the owl. However, despite seeing that its sister valued Shi Yu so much, it still didn’t want to pull Shi Yu into the huge pit of the Astrologer Race. In fact, he had to hide some things from even his sister.

Because apart from its identity as the patriarch of the Astrologer Race, it had another identity, the Exposing King!

This identity involved an important skill. It was the one who created the Exposing King, a clone that helped it break through to the super divine level. The breakthrough method was very risky.

If Tu Tu was exposed, unless it advanced to the super divine level, the entire Astrologer Race would suffer a calamity. At that time, if its sister and Shi Yu were involved, who knew who would suffer?

Shi Yu had only offended the Four Holy Family, but not only did Tu Tu offend the Four Holy Family, but he also offended many super divines and hundreds of realms…

Were they sure they wanted to play with the Exposing King?

Tu Tu looked at his sister and Shi Yu. Of course, he didn’t say this out loud. However, Tu Tu thought for a moment and felt that its identity wasn’t that easy to expose. If there was really a Son of Prophecy who could give feedback to the Astrologer Race, not only would Tu Tu be able to obtain benefits and level up steadily, but it could also eliminate the hidden dangers brought by the identity of the Exposing King.

The Star Prayer Race… was the best partner of the Astrologer Race. Tu Tu stared at the cat girl and then at Shi Yu.

“You really want to become the Son of Prophecy of the Astrologer Race?” Patriarch Tu Tu looked at Shi Yue

Shi Yu said, “l don’t mind…

“Anything is fine. He’s the best candidate. Believe me,” Teacher Owl said.

“It’s definitely not wrong to assist him. Although he might bring a little external pressure to our Astrologer Race and might be very good at causing trouble, as long as we help him settle it, he can definitely become a top-notch expert!

Patriarch Tu Tu had mixed feelings. Tsk, what was Shi Yu’s ability to cause trouble? That was because Shi Yu didn’t know Tu Tu t s identity!

Could the threat Shi Yu posed to the Astrologer Race be greater than the threat the Exposing King posed to the Astrologer Race?

“It’s a slot, but it’s not enough to confirm it.”

“If you really want to push Shi Yu, the realm lord, to become the Son of

Prophecy of the Astrologer Race, it’s not impossible.”

“As long as he achieves one thing!’

“What is it?” Teacher Owl asked.

“Although there’s the support of the pet of luck, there’s still a gap from the standard of the Son of Luck.”

“As long as Shi Yu, the realm lord, can have a lucky star of his own, there’s no problem.”

“Lucky star…” Shi Yu was stunned. “What’s that?”

Patriarch Tu Tu said, “A planet, a very rare planet. As everyone knows, the planet has various stats. Metal, wood, water, fire, earth, light, darkness, and space… They all exist.”

“Apart from that, there are also some special planets, such as time-element planets, or planets that contain divine-level Dragon Veins of Luck.”

“Among them, the lucky star is a name for a planet that has reached the standard of the power of luck. After people born on such a planet walk out of the planet, their luck is almost full. They are real Sons of Luck.”

“As long as you, realm lord Shi Yu, can become the owner of a lucky star and cooperate with your lucky pet, I’ll acknowledge you and have the ability to become the Son of Prophecy of the Astrologer Race. At that time, our Astrologer Race will do our best to assist you in growing up. We won’t hesitate, even if we have to be enemies with the Four Holy Family.”

“l remember… that lucky stars can only be obtained through the World King Planet,” the Prediction Owl said.

“That’s right. There are also unknown lucky stars in the starry sky of the universe, but the universe is too big. It’s unrealistic to find them. Even the astrologers can’t predict their location.”

“Even if the cosmic overlord army obtains this lucky star, they won’t sell it to the public. Instead, they’ll use it themselves.”

“However, apart from discovering it yourself, there’s another way to obtain the lucky star and become the owner of the lucky star.”

“That is, go to the Void Battlefield and fight the foreign races. As long as your battle merits reach the standard, you can exchange for the star territory from the World King Planet. Among them, there are stars like the lucky star.”

“As long as you become the owner of the lucky star, realm lord Shi Yu, your own luck will multiply. From a Son of Luck to a Father of Luck. At that time, with the support of my Astrologer Race, you can definitely become the strongest expert in super divine life in the future.”

“Lucky star…” Shi Yu said, “Is this a dead star or a living star?”

“There are both dead and living stars. The difficulty of exchanging for a lucky star that hasn’t given birth to a life form is slightly lower… However, you can only exchange it by hunting the battle merits of a super divine-level expert of the enemy. My requirements aren’t high. As long as Sir Shi Yu can become the owner of a lucky star that hasn’t given birth to a life form, I have a way to persuade the entire race to assist you in becoming the strongest. You can even charge to the peak that no one dares to climb at the cosmic level.”

The corners of Shi Yu e s mouth twitched. When he could hunt super divines, would he still need the Astrologer Race’s support?

Of course, it would be a waste not to take a faction that came for nothing. The premonition power of the astrologers was indeed fierce. It would also be more convenient to explore ruins in the future.

Most importantly, Shi Yu felt that this lucky star wasn’t bad.

As for dead stars, he might be able to exchange it for Ling to refine into a star weapon through star refining.

At that time, the increase in luck brought by Ling on the foundation of the

Wind of Blessing might be even more explosive. This was what Shi Yu needed..