Chapter 1566 - 1566 Blue Planet Ascends (1)

1566 Blue Planet Ascends (1)

As Dong Huang’s Dragon Emperor and Emperor Wu appeared, the people of the Blue Planet went numb.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Apart from the fact that the Dragon Emperor and Emperor Wu should have been dead ancients, their strength was also a little unbelievable.

They looked far stronger than other legends.

“Tragic.” The World Tree clone, who was the judge, shook its head slightly.

Of course. The aptitudes of the few Legendary Emperors Shi Yu requested to revive were originally top-notch. Only the guys who had cultivated into legendary demigods in the Cultivationless Age could compare to them.

However, this wasn’t enough. This pair was only for the Dong Huang emperors before they revived. Because of the modification of the power of the Blue Planet’s Will and the power of the Creation Soil, their talent and aptitude were one level stronger than before they died. They carried a portion of the Blue Planet’s luck, which was equivalent to everyone obtaining the blessings of Goddess Wa and the Blue Planet’s Will.

Otherwise, even if they revived and had the resources provided by Dong Huang’s bloodline, it was impossible for them to progress so quickly.

“The third match…” As Shi Yu watched the competition excitedly, he suddenly couldn’t help but raise his eyebrows and look at the sky.

Not only Shi Yu, but many gods and even the World Tree suddenly looked at the sky.

They sensed the change in the laws and the vibration of the laws.

“Could it be…” Shi Yu muttered.

“What’s wrong?” Beside Shi Yu, Ji Feng asked after seeing Shi Yu’s expression suddenly change.

“It’s alright, I’ll leave first. Continue watching the competition. Remember to cheer for Senior Empress and Lu Qingyi.”

After Shi Yu finished speaking, he disappeared in an instant. Ji Feng and the others were stunned again.

What??? The Empress had also revived???

“What about the emperor???” Ye Xing couldn’t help but shout.

Unfortunately, Shi Yu didn’t respond.

Zou Tianwang leaned weakly in the audience and said, “F*ck, I think I know why Shi Yu said that this world competition isn’t easy and wants to cheer for Lu Qingyi.”

“It’s ridiculous that Emperor Wu, Empress, and Dragon Emperor have all revived to participate. Not to mention Lu Qingyi, even Zheng Hai’s master, the Tyrannical Sea Legend, will have to be beaten up in front of these Legendary Emperors. No, even President Lin will have to be beaten up.”

Zheng Hai also opened his mouth slightly and couldn’t refute.

In the World Tree mystic realm, while the World Tree clone was still presiding over the competition in the outside world, Shi Yu had already stepped in and asked, “Aunt World Tree, what’s going on?”

The World Tree said, “It seems to be very smooth for Lady Mother to charge at a high-level planet this time. Perhaps she can succeed this time.”

“Really?” Shi Yu was overjoyed. The five divine races on Blue Planet estimated that the time for Blue Planet to charge at a high-level planet would be either a few years or more than ten years. In the end, this was only the beginning. It succeeded without trying a few times?

Blue Planet was completely established after destruction.

“If it goes smoothly, it’ll be in the next few days.”

“There are already envoys from the five divine races who have gone to the World King Planet to inform them. If the breakthrough is successful, the super divines of the five divine races should descend immediately.”

“Do you want to take a look at the ruins of the era where your Dong Huang’s Emperor Shi is?” the World Tree suggested.

“You’re right,” Shi Yu said. “Then you preside over the world competition first. I’ll go to the era ruin to receive Senior Emperor Shi.”

After Shi Yu completed speaking, he headed to the island where the ruins of the Time Emperor Era were and entered the Passage of Time state. He turned himself into a light outside the ruins, wanting to guide Senior Time Emperor out…

In addition, the World Tournament was carried out in an orderly manner.

Soon, under the numb and excited anticipation of Zou Yun and the others, not long after, a battle between Dong Huang’s Legendary Beast Tamer, Huang Xi, and the semi divine of Dragon Palace City appeared… The Ice Dragon King.

“Huang Xi, that’s Senior Empress! Senior Empress is indeed here!!”

“Wait, f*ck, Her Majesty’s opponent is… the Ice Dragon King??”

On Dragon Palace City’s side, Mother Dragon was also directly stunned. It was actually not interested in going to World King Planet. It was just that it had finally broken through to the demigod level and was so bored that it came to register for the competition.

Mother Dragon, who had accepted a large amount of Shi Yu’s resources, felt that it was quite strong.

But to Mother Dragon’s surprise, it encountered the revived Empress in the first round.

Mother Dragon knew that the Empress had revived, but it had actually never come into contact with the Empress. With the relationship between the Empress and Mu Huiyin… At this moment, it didn’t quite understand how this seniority should be discussed…

“This…” At this moment, Lu Qingyi, who was with Empress Huang Xi, saw this match. She didn’t know whose luck was a little poor between the Empress and the Ice Dragon King. Senior Lu immediately smiled.

“The Ice Dragon King is Senior Mu Huiyin’s pet…”

“I understand, but I won’t show mercy,” Empress Huang Xi said. With that said, she directly went on stage.

This world contest wasn’t carried out live. However, with the development of Blue Planet’s technology and the establishment of the global Internet, the speed of the news spreading was completely incomparable to before.

Even the totem country began to use technology. Soon, some information about this world contest was sent back to Dong Huang.

Every audience looked at the contest information transmitted in a daze.

In the first round, Dong Huang’s Legendary Beast Tamer, Dragon Emperor Long Qingyun, contracted nine semi divine dragon pets and instantly killed the Dragon Empire’s Reincarnation God?

In the second round, Dong Huang’s Legendary Beast Tamer, Emperor Wu Dong, punched a mechanical beast, with his physical body carrying missiles, tore down the Gundam with his bare hands, and easily crushed the world Legendary Wexy?

In addition, still Empress Dong Huang had appeared. This world contest directly made Dong Huang’s Beast Tamers and commoners unable to understand.