Chapter 1565 - 1565 Revival Of The Emperors (4)

1565 Revival of the Emperors (4)

“Plop.” The huge dragon, Ai Yuan, was unable to resist and was directly pressed to the ground by the pressure. Its eyes were shocked, and it felt as if it had encountered the Ancestral Dragon. “Who exactly are you?”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“I’m Dong Huang’s fourth Legendary Beast Tamer, Long Qingyun. I’m just an ancient from 1,000 years ago,” Long Qingyun said.

Boom!

In the next moment, Ai Yuan, who had yet to admit defeat, fainted from the dragon’s might. The entire place was silent.

“Senior Dragon Emperor, you can show off better than me.” In the audience, Shi Yu smiled under the stunned expressions of his other friends and said, “I didn’t expect Senior Dragon Emperor to improve so quickly. You’ve all become demigods in such a short period of time.”

“Abababa…” Zou Yun and the others looked at Shi Yu in shock and said, “He, he, he’s really the Dragon Emperor??”

“Who else? Apart from the Dragon Emperor, who can rely on the dragon might of an emperor to instantly kill a Reincarnation Dragon God?” Shi Yu said.

“But, but hasn’t the Dragon Emperor been dead for more than 1,000 years?” Divine Bell said in a daze.

“You’ll know in the future. Consider it an archeological discovery.” Shi Yu smiled.

The reincarnation dragon god, Ai Yuan, was insta-killed. He easily took down Dong Huang’s Dragon Emperor, Long Qingyun, in the first battle, directly shocking the various countries on Blue Planet. Soon, according to the Dragon Emperor’s own revelations, his information was known to the various countries.

Information about the Dragon Emperor quickly appeared in the Dragon Empire.

Long Qingyun was the fourth Legendary Emperor of Dong Huang. Back then, when the Dragon Empire attacked Dragon Palace City, the Dragon God of Dragon Palace City, Tian Li, couldn’t stop it alone. At this moment, Dong Huang’s Dragon Emperor charged out and directly killed the Dragon Empire back to the west, foiling the ambition of the Dragon Empire, making the Dragon Empire not dare to step into the Dong Huang Sea Region for 500 years. It was the shadow in the heart of the Dragon Empire.

It was only hundreds of years after the Dragon Emperor disappeared that the Dragon Empire dared to covet the east again. Unfortunately, at this moment, another Space Emperor appeared out of nowhere and cooperated with the Dragon God to attack the west, killing the Dragon Empire back…

“Dragon Emperor Long Qingyun… How can he still be alive?”

“Moreover, his strength… How can it be so ridiculous?”

In the face of the shock and confusion of the various countries, Dong Huang naturally wouldn’t give too many answers. The competition of the World Tournament was still continuing.

Soon, the match results of Dong Huang’s Legendary Beast Tamer Wu Dong vs Shen Feng’s Legendary Beast Tamer Wexy were out.

“Dong Huang again.”

“Wait, there’s still Legendary Wexy!”

Legendary Wexy was the second Legendary Beast Tamer of Shen Feng. Before the Mythical Revival, he was a super genius who had reached the legendary level. He was the champion of the second World Tournament, the Blesser of the World Tree. He had once been the judge of the Alliance Meeting. Without a doubt, he was one of the best among the approved divine experts.

After the Mythical Revival, although he had yet to enter the divine level, he might be the batch of people closest to the divine level.

“Are you kidding???” However, at this moment, Shen Feng was completely not calm.

As an expert in the first tier of the legendary level, Legendary Wexy was only stunned. It was fine if it was the Dragon Emperor just now, but his next opponent was called Wu Dong??

Other demigods and legends might not be able to remember these names immediately, but as Legendary Mechanics, they could investigate important information immediately…

Wu Dong… was Dong Huang’s second Legendary Emperor, an existence acknowledged as Emperor Wu!

He was also the Legendary Emperor with the strongest battle power in Dong Huang.

He was an ancient human from 2000 years ago!

“Impossible.” Mechanical God Z was stunned. He didn’t understand why another Legendary Emperor of Dong Huang had appeared.

A moment later, as Emperor Wu and Legendary Wexy stepped onto the arena, there was silence in the Dong Huang audience seats again.

The Beast Tamers who were invited to watch the world competition looked at Emperor Wu in shock.

Dragon Emperor… Emperor Wu… This was a world competition??

“You’re a Legendary Mechanic, right?” As soon as Emperor Wu went on stage, he stated to Legendary Wexy, “This is the first time I’m fighting a mechanic. Let me see the power of a mechanic!”

With that said, Emperor Wu straightaway activated the divine- level Fusion Talent and let his pets become one with him. Emperor Wu’s Fusion Talent was similar to Shi Yu’s Psychic Domain, Psychic Resonance. It was a branch of the Fusion Talent. Now, it had been developed by Emperor Wu to the divine level and touched the nomological ripples!

Developing a divine-level law talent with a Level 9 body.

“Oh, ridiculous,” Legendary Wexy muttered.

Boom!!!

A moment later, a mechanically modified demigod eagle and a mechanically modified demigod lion were continuously crippled by Emperor Wu’s punches. Even the long-range forbidden missiles shot by Legendary Wexy were smashed by Emperor Wu with one hand without any injuries. Emperor Wu’s puzzled voice came from the arena.

“Is that all there is to mechanics?”

It didn’t feel as useful as the body.

As soon as he finished speaking, Emperor Wu had already arrived in front of Legendary Wexy, who was wearing a mechanical battle suit. Legendary Wexy gazed at Emperor Wu in surprise and said, “You, you’re really Emperor Wu?”

“Emperor Wu of Dong Huang who killed Yun An 2000 years ago!”

“Yes.” Emperor Wu smiled.

“It’s true.” Shi Yu also stated to Gao Xuan and the others, who were looking at him in shock, “Just like Senior Dragon Emperor, Senior Emperor Wu is also alive. Are you surprised? I feel that with them around, none of the legends abroad can fight.”