Chapter 1561 - Chapter 1561: Exposing King Tu Tu (3)

Chapter 1561: Exposing King Tu Tu (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

“As long as I go to the Void Battlefield and hunt a foreign race super divine, is that enough?” Shi Yu asked.

It didn’t seem to be a loss. The source of transcendence+Lucky Star+Astrologer Race joining… was very profitable.

“Yeah.” Patriarch Tu Tu chuckled and said, “With Sir Shi Yu’s ability, it might not be difficult. You contracted a cleansing star spirit. When she trains the racial divine skill to perfection, Sir Shi Yu will have the strength to kill the super divine of the Abyss Race.”

“I’ll consider it.” Shi Yu nodded.

“Then it’s settled,” Patriarch Tu Tu said. Its sister had been powerful since it was young and was the chosen lucky one. Tu Tu chose to believe it for once!

“Hello, friend of the Star Prayer Race! Our Astrologer Race has always been on good terms with the Star Prayer Race a long, long time ago.” Tu Tu then looked at the gem cat and said, “Our race indeed has a Star Prayer Race inheritance item. Unfortunately, we haven’t found anyone who can fuse with it. If you’re willing to establish an alliance with the Astrologer Race, we can give you this Star Prayer Race inheritance item.”

“The so-called alliance is when we have needs. You have to use the power of a wish to assist the astrologers. In exchange, when you need to predict something, we will also help you.”

“In addition, we’ll also help you find the remaining inheritance items with all our might.”

“No problem!” The cat agreed immediately. Now, her wish power was strong enough. This was only one- seventh of the inheritance of the Star Prayer Race. If she obtained two-sevenths of the inheritance, she wouldn’t be inferior to “Alright!” Patriarch Tu Tu said, “Sister, are you satisfied with this outcome?” “Not bad, not bad.” The Prediction Owl nodded.

“Then, Sister, you and Madam Ying can return to the Astrologer Race with me as guests. You haven’t broken through to the quasi-divine level for a long time. You probably want to use the resources of the race to lay a stronger foundation, right?” Patriarch Tu Tu said.

“Hehe, I can’t hide it from you, kid,” the owl said. “Kitty, follow me back to the race to get the Star Prayer Race inheritance!”

“What about me…” Shi Yu asked.

The Astrologer Race’s Patriarch Tu Tu, looked at Shi Yu and grinned. “Shi Yu, realm lord, don’t run around. This is the first time we have met. I’ll give you a message. Someone will immediately harm you. It might be an assassin. I don’t want to be distracted to protect you. There are many super divine experts in the Dong Huang Realm. It’s safer for you to stay here.”

“This…” Shi Yu was speechless. “Alright, then you guys go yourselves.”

Soon, the Astrologer Race patriarch left the Dong Huang Realm with the owl and the gem cat. After they left, Lin Feng, the Space Emperor, and the others quickly came to find Shi Yu to ask about the situation.

“It’s nothing. It’s just a family meeting.”

“Teacher Cat followed the Astrologer Race patriarch back to break through. When they return, they should already be at the divine level, and they’re experts among the divine levels,” Shi Yu said.

“Damn,” Lin Feng said enviously. “He’s related to the Astrologer Race just like that? Damn, I used to look for the Astrologer Race to predict things. Not to mention the patriarch, I couldn’t even find an elder. Shi Yu, what kind of luck do you have?”

“If we can cozy up to the Astrologer Race, Dong Huang will take off.” “This is the strongest premonition race in the entire universe.”

“When are you going to introduce me?” Lin Feng expressed that he wanted to make friends with the Astrologer Race patriarch.

“We should indeed befriend the astrologers.” The Space Emperor agreed. “Speaking of which, Shi Yu, when do you plan to return to Blue Planet?”

“Uh, just now, the Astrologer Race patriarch helped me predict that I might encounter an assassination recently. I want to wait and see who wants to assassinate me.”

Emperor Kong and Lin Feng:

Why was Shi Yu so unrestrained?

Next, Shi Yu really waited in the Dong Huang Realm until… half a month later.

Beast Shi Yu was almost done creating the four holy equipment. He had also slept for more than half a month. Why hadn’t the assassination happened yet?

When exactly was this Patriarch Tu Tu referring to?

Not to mention the assassination, Shi Yu could sense the entire Dong Huang Realm through Shorty. He couldn’t even sense a strong hostility.

“Could it be that I have to leave the Dong Huang Realm and the protection of the five super divines before the assassinator appears?” Shi Yu woke up and sat up.

He suddenly had the urge to go out and take a look.

However, he suddenly recalled something that made him give up on the idea of using himself as bait.

Shi Yu hurriedly ran to the teleportation array, planning to return to Blue Planet. Seeing this, Senior Space Emperor, who was currently in charge of protecting the teleportation array, said in extreme confusion, “You finally want to go back?”

“Yeah, it’s been almost a month. The new world competition is about to begin. I almost forgot. I still wanted to see the performance of Emperor Wu, the

Empress, and the Senior Dragon Emperor.”

And Senior Lu!

“At the moment, on Blue Planet, it seems that the other countries and the surrounding totem countries don’t know that they’ve revived, right?” Shi Yu smiled.

He looked forward to the expressions of the other countries when they knew that Dong Huangs ancient, legendary emperors had revived.

He wondered if there were any more totem countries… that remembered Emperor Wu, Empress, and Dragon Emperor!

And Senior Lu… Although the Yue Maiden didn’t revive, Senior Lu, who had received the Yue Maiden’s inheritance, was stronger than the three emperors of Dong Huang? Shi Yu felt that if Senior Lu encountered Dong Huang in this world competition, the other countries would cry again. He liked to see others

cry..