Chapter 1568 - 1568 Blue Planet Ascends (3)

1568 Blue Planet Ascends (3)

This King of Gods was actually so difficult to assassinate!

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Buzz!

Beast Shi Yu used the light sword to smash the other party away. The other party disappeared, and its killing intent toward Shi Yu actually disappeared, making Shorty very surprised. Qi said, “Shi Yu, it ran away. It ran out of Blue Planet!”

“I know. Let’s chase after it,” Shi Yu said. “Qi, Ling, lock onto it, and don’t let it escape.”

However, before Shi Yu could take action, as the Assassinate Space completely shattered, a time freeze domain that stretched into the starry sky formed with a bang.

Under the time freeze domain, Shi Yu felt that although he could still think with his consciousness, his body immediately seemed to be out of control. In the next moment, Shi Yu heard a familiar voice.

“Since you’re here, don’t leave.”

Accompanied by this voice, the Assassin Planet assassin, who had already left Blue Planet in the starry sky, had a shocked expression. Then, like Shi Yu, he was enveloped by the time freeze domain. His last thought was why this planet… also had a super divine!

Moreover, it was a time-element super divine that he couldn’t understand.

As the last thought fell, his consciousness directly fainted. An invisible time arrow condensed out of thin air in the starry sky of the universe penetrated his chest and fell towards the Blue Planet again.

Boom!!!

This assassin from the Assassin Planet was directly nailed to a floating, shattered island. At the same time, the time-stop domain dissipated. Shi Yu looked in the direction of the voice and saw a familiar figure.

It was a tall, middle-aged man. The pattern of a starry sky dragon was embroidered on his black and gold robe. Under the surging golden waves at the corners of his robe, his sleeves fluttered high with the wind. His flying, long eyebrows raised slightly. The eyes below were like autumn water, cold stars, and pearls, sharp and oppressive.

“Senior Emperor Shi???” Shi Yu said in disbelief.

Who else could it be but Emperor Shi?

“We meet again.” Emperor Shi looked at Shi Yu with energetic eyes and said, “Looks like you’ve caused quite a lot of trouble.”

“Is he dead?” Shi Yu asked.

“Not yet, but it has already lost the ability to resist,” Emperor Shi said quietly. “You’ve done well. I didn’t expect Blue Planet to advance so quickly.”

“Wait, hasn’t Blue Planet advanced yet? How did you come out then?” Shi Yu was stunned.

“Blue Planet is still in the midst of advancing. After advancing, I’m 100% confident of walking out of the ruins, but in Blue Planet’s current state, I can also be 90% confident of walking out. 90% is already 100% for me,” Emperor Shi said.

“I remember that your name is Shi Yu, right?”

“After I sensed that you were in danger, I came out of the ruins in advance. However, I underestimated your strength. Even if I don’t attack, you can still keep him here.”

“Senior Emperor Shi, you flatter me. If you didn’t attack, this kid would have run away.” Shi Yu was stunned. “In that case, Senior Emperor Shi, you came out in advance for me?”

Shi Yu said, “Senior Emperor Shi, I love you to death.”

Emperor Shi frowned. “How inappropriate.”

“In addition, you don’t have to be humble.” Emperor Shi gazed at Shi Yu, who had recovered his black hair, and Beast Shi Yu, who was standing beside him. In the end, he said, “Assassin Planet…”

“Someone wants to use the Assassin Planet to kill you through this assassin.”

“I’ve seen his memories.”

Shi Yu nodded.

Emperor Shi said, “I think it’s a strong enemy you provoked to upgrade Blue Planet. I previously know the location of the Assassin Planet. Are you interested in following me to destroy this Assassin Planet?”

Shi Yu: “?”

Shi Yu was stunned. “Senior Emperor Shi… You, you’re serious?”

“This Assassin Planet is the number one assassin organization in the universe. It has a super divine assassin presiding over it.”

“Most importantly, their battle power might not be the strongest, but their escape skills are definitely top-notch. Naturally, their assassin is also top-notch.”

“Since I’m back, I naturally won’t let the descendants of Dong Huang be threatened.” Emperor Shi said, “You don’t have to worry. No one can escape the restraints of time.”

“Wait a minute, Senior Emperor Shi, how much source of transcendence did you obtain in the ruins of the era?” Shi Yu asked.

Emperor Shi glanced at Shi Yu and said, “Five.”

“I used one for myself and one for each of the four time- element pets.”

“…Five.” Shi Yu fell into a deep silence, his heart twitching a little. In other words, Emperor Shi had four super divine level pets now? And they were all time-element pets?

He was also a super divine-level Beast Tamer!

Shi Yu almost cursed in his heart. This was f*cking invincible. No wonder Emperor Shi dared to say that he would destroy the Assassin Planet.

Five time-element super divines had no idea how to lose.

“Although I obtained a huge amount of resources, I additionally bear a portion of the karma.” Emperor Shi said, “These few sources of transcendence were specially left behind by someone. It’s just an accident that I could obtain them.”

“They might have other uses.”

“Five sources of transcendence, ruins of the era… Could it be…” When Shi Yu heard Emperor Shi’s words, he immediately said, “Could it be that these five sources of transcendence were left behind from the last era on Earth and were specially cultivated to nurture five super divine humans…”

“Huh?” Emperor Shi gazed at Shi Yu and said, “Do you understand something?”

Shi Yu acknowledged and told Emperor Shi about his exploration of the Goddess Wa’s Ruins.

After saying that, Emperor Shi revealed a thoughtful expression and said, “An era ruin that requires five human super divines to open… Was Blue Planet suspected to be at the cosmic level in the last era?”