Chapter 1563 - Chapter 1563: Revived Emperors (2)

Chapter 1563: Revived Emperors (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

As for the divine level, if he wanted to go to the World King Planet, he didn’t have to participate in any competition. He just had to pay the teleportation fee. The ability of the divine level to create resources was much stronger than below the divine level. At that time, using the divine level toll fee to nurture geniuses below the divine level could save a lot of resources_

Although the teleportation array was permanent and unlimited, it couldn’t be completely free to the outside world. Everything had to develop benignly.

“Shi… Shi… Shi Yu???” In the Dong Huang audience seats, Ji Feng, Gao Xuan, Zou Yun, Divine Bell, Jiang Tianyang, Zhou Ming, Zheng Hai, Ye Xing, and the other contestants of the previous Dong Huang World Tournament were sitting together. As teammates of the previous batch, they still gathered together to watch the battle and catch up. “Yo, long time no see, everyone.”

“Wu wu wu!”

“Shi Yu… Why are you here? Could it be that you’re also here to participate in this world competition? I remember that the World Tree said that you’re not allowed to participate after obtaining the Blessing of the World Tree once?” Zou Tianwang couldn’t help but ask.

“What are you thinking? Of course I’m not here to participate. Even if the previous champion can participate, my level no longer meets the requirements,” Shi Yu said with a smile.

When he finished speaking, the few of them were stunned. It was unbelievable. Could it be that Shi Yu had already reached the divine level?

At the moment, the lowest among them was still at Level 7, and the highest was only at Level 8. They were still considered the younger generation of Dong Huang and didn’t come into contact with too many secrets. For example, there weren’t more than five people from Dong Huang who were qualified to know a series of things on World King Planet. They couldn’t even participate in the World Tournament now, so they naturally didn’t know too much.

“I’m here to cheer for Lu Qingyi. The difficulty of this world competition is very high. It’s not easy for her to achieve good results,” Shi Yu said.

The few of them calmed down. Zheng Hai sighed and said, “The world competition changes so quickly. There’s no age restriction. After we reach the legendary level, we’re still qualified to participate. However, the difficulty is indeed as you said. It’s much higher.”

“Damn, my master, the Tyrannical Sea Legend, is already participating in this year’s world competition. It’s ridiculous!” Zheng Hai couldn’t help but say.

The Tyrannical Sea Legend was previously a Beast Tamer ranked in the top five of Dong Huangs battle power. With the revival of the mythical stage, he naturally broke through to the legendary stage. Now, even he had come to participate in the World Tournament. There were also the presidents of the various associations. Zheng Hai didn’t know how to play at all.

It was too difficult to enter that World King Planet.

“Haha.” Shi Yu smiled and said, “Calm down, I’m quite familiar with the World

Tree. If you really can’t defeat the World Tournament and want to go to the

World King Planet, I can use my connections to open a back door for you…”

“Really?” The little fatty Zhou Ming’s eyes lit up. He didn’t want his integrity anymore and said, “Big Boss Shi Yu, please let me cozy up to someone powerful. ”

The corners of the others’ mouths twitched. This guy had no shame!

“However, I still recommend that you rely on your own ability to obtain the qualifications to go to the World King Planet. The competition there is even more intense. If you go over without any foundation, you might die very badly…” Shi Yu also looked at them with green eyes.

“I’ve already been there. Do you know why I came back? It’s because I was assassinated by a large faction and had no choice but to come back to lie low.”

“The World Tree holding the World Tournament to screen candidates to enter is actually a protective mechanism.”

When Shi Yu finished speaking, their expressions turned cold. They felt their hair stand on end and a chill run down their backs.

“What did you do?” Zou Yun asked.

“What can I do? Our Dong Huang people love peace so much, what can I do?

It’s all because the cosmic races on the World King Planet are too stingy.” Shi Yu dug his ears. “I’m just cracking a ruin. Is there a need?”

Everyone fell into deep thought.

At this moment, the World Tree clone, the Green Eagle, appeared. It flapped its wings and flew into the sky, looking at the audience of the human and totem countries. There were a total of 100,000 spectators present, but there weren’t many humans. Apart from that, there weren’t many candidates to participate in the world competition this time.

After the World Tree clone flew into the sky, it announced, “l announce that this world competition officially begins!’

“A total of 128 contestants will participate in this world competition. The top eight will be able to obtain the opportunity to go to the World King Planet.”

128… was far from the current limit of the number of demigods on Blue Planet. There should be people who weren’t interested in going to World King Planet. For example, President Lin didn’t choose to participate. If he could directly get in through the back door, why would he participate?

“The matching mechanism is not completely random and fair. Instead, it will use the contestant’s own power of luck as the matching standard. Luck is also a part of strength, so just with strength, you might not be able to reach the end.’

“In the first round, it’s 128 to 64. Each round is limited to 10 minutes. The winner is to be determined in 10 minutes. After five minutes of battle, external pressure will be given to accelerate the battle tempo.”

After the World Tree finished speaking, the demigod contestants from the various countries became nervous.

“In the first round, Dong Huangs Level 9 Beast Tamer, Long Qingyun, vs the demigod of the Dragon Empire, Ai Yuan.”

At this moment, as a mirage-like screen appeared in the sky, showing the two parties, the participating countries were slightly stunned. They didn’t expect that enemies were bound to meet on a narrow road, and Dong Huang and the Dragon Empire directly encountered each other.

“Ai Yuan??”

As this name appeared, the expressions of the divine-level battle power of the various parties changed slightly. This was because this Ai Yuan was a reincarnation god!

Ever since the Black Dragon Ruler was killed by Shi Yu and the Mythical Revival happened, the revived Dragon Gods took over the Dragon Empire. At this moment, it had already become the headquarters of the Dragon Gods.

Among them, the name Ai Yuan wasn’t unfamiliar to the gods of the seven countries and other revival gods. The other party was a Thunder Dragon God and also a reincarnation god. Logically speaking, after the Mythical Revival, it should be able to quickly recover to the divine level like other gods.

Unfortunately, during a certain reincarnation process, the other party’s origin power was damaged. Although it recovered its memories, it couldn’t quickly recover everything..