Chapter 1567 - 1567 Blue Planet Ascends (2)

1567 Blue Planet Ascends (2)

“The Legendary Emperors of ancient times… have all revived??”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“This, this, this…”

“Moreover, it’s representing Dong Huang to kill everyone in the world competition??”

Who could tell them what was wrong with this world and why it was suddenly so suspenseful and strange?

…

On the island of the era ruins.

Shi Yu quietly waited here for Senior Emperor Shi to come out of seclusion. He was very worried that the other party would get lost and not be able to come out even if Blue Planet advanced.

If that was the case, it would be a complete loss. It was equivalent to losing countless sources of transcendence for nothing.

“God!! God!!”

“Shi Yu!! Shi Yu!!”

Shi Yu didn’t know how long he had waited. Suddenly, Shorty spoke anxiously, and Qi also spoke.

“What’s wrong?” Shi Yu sensed their strange emotions and was slightly stunned. He exited the time travel state and opened his eyes.

“I feel a trace of killing intent approaching us,” Shorty said nervously. “It’s a very weak but terrifying killing intent. At the moment, the other party shouldn’t know that we’ve discovered it. I haven’t alerted the enemy…”

“There’s a guy who’s very good at spatial stealth. He’s hiding outside Blue Planet Space and watching us,” Qi said. “Even I can’t accurately determine the other party’s location and can only sense the other party’s existence.”

“I only discovered it after Shorty reminded me. Otherwise, I couldn’t have sensed the other party directly from such a distance, unless the other party approached us…”

“No way…” Shi Yu’s eyelids twitched.

At this time, in such a place… If it were on World King Planet, Shi Yu wouldn’t be surprised if Shorty and Qi sensed such an enemy.

However, this was Blue Planet. It was god knows how far away from World King Planet…

Shi Yu felt that only the Four Holy Family or the Four Holy Evolver individual cultivators could have such killing intent towards him. However, Shi Yu felt that it was extremely ridiculous for the other party to chase him to Blue Planet.

“Meow!!!!”

“Master, be careful!”

Before Shi Yu could think about it carefully, a black crack suddenly appeared behind Shi Yu. The crack was filled with a black crystal barrier that looked like broken glass. In the cracked space, a terrifying killing intent enveloped Shi Yu, instantly making Shi Yu’s heart pound. He felt the threat of death.

At this moment, time seemed to have stopped. Shi Yu’s hair was instantly smeared with pink, and his eyes turned into a cherry-like pink. He fused with Qi, and an Umbrella of Time appeared in his hand.

In the dark space, a sniper projectile appeared. It seemed to have crossed endless space. Fortunately, at the critical moment, Shi Yu opened the Time Umbrella and resisted the black shadow bullet. However, the huge impact of the bullet still instantly sent Shi Yu flying. He felt that the skeleton on his body seemed to have shattered.

A small bullet instantly pushed against the Umbrella of Time and sent Shi Yu flying hundreds of meters away. Seeing that the Umbrella of Time was about to be penetrated, Qi straightaway transported to other places with Shi Yu. As for the sniper bullet that had lost its target, it escaped into the void again!!

“Cough…” Shi Yu, who had appeared in another location, floated in the sky. He coughed up a mouthful of blood and looked at the being that walked out of the black spatial crack with an unfriendly gaze. It was a black shadow carrying a sniper rifle. In front of him were two purple vortex-like eyes.

As he appeared, Shi Yu realized that he had already been sealed in a dark space. If he wanted to contact the World Tree in the outside world, the Blue Planet’s Will couldn’t communicate and was obstructed from communicating.

Without saying a word, the assassin carried the sniper rifle and fired the same bullets at Shi Yu again. Although the power was a little weak this time, it was ten consecutive shots. Ten bullets aimed at Shi Yu from various tracks, directly making Shi Yu’s hair stand on end.

“Don’t come out.” Shi Yu quickly gave Eleven and the others an order not to come out.

This assassin wasn’t something Eleven and the others could deal with now. Even if he and Qi fused, they could only be suppressed. The other party was definitely a top expert among perfect gods.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Flat!

Then, ten consecutive collision sounds sounded. Under the silent expression of the killer, a young man in armor was summoned by Shi Yu. He held a light sword and waved it as he flew over, instantly cutting through the ten bullets. When he arrived in front of the killer, the other party raised the sniper rifle and used the body of the gun to block. The light sword and the sniper rifle collided, and there was actually no winner in terms of strength.

[Master, this guy… is an assassin from Assassin Planet!] Ling quickly determined the other party’s identity.

[Assassin Planet is a faction established by a super divine level assassin. It’s an assassin organization and also the largest assassin organization in the universe. It doesn’t belong to any of the five major cosmic-level factions. It’s uttered that as long as you give enough money, you can even assassinate a super divine level assassin.]

[This guy is definitely an assassin from the Assassin Planet, and his ranking won’t be low among the assassins on the Assassin Planet! It’s very likely that he’s in the top five or top three!]

[He actually came to Blue Planet…]

“This organization is something.” At this moment, Shi Yu also gritted his teeth. What the f*ck kind of organization was this? Why did they f*cking come to Blue Planet? Did they know that there were five super divine Guardians on World King Planet, so they straightaway chose to come to Blue Planet to wait for them?

Break.

Shi Yu relied on Qi’s power to easily break free from the restraints of the other party’s Assassinate Space. He planned to contact the World Tree to kill him together!

“Mission failed.” At this moment, he couldn’t succeed. Seeing that Shi Yu had summoned a strange guy and easily cracked the Assassinate Space, the assassin didn’t fight. He straightaway escaped back into the void and chose to escape, unwilling to continue the stalemate. In his opinion, it was already very difficult to assassinate Shi Yu under the obstruction of this armored monster. In that case, there was no reason to continue fighting on this Blue Planet. The risk was too high, and he would probably be unearthed by the Blue Planet’s Will soon.