Chapter 1564 - 1564 Revived Emperors (3)

1564 Revived Emperors (3)

However, it was also because of this accident that it had the qualifications to participate in this world competition.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Roar!!!” Accompanied by a roar, lightning rumbled in the sky. A black thunderstorm dragon directly flew out of the sky and landed on the arena. Then, it revealed an unlucky expression.

Dong Huang was familiar with this country. Back then, when a certain Beast Tamer named Shi Yu killed the three divine dragons of Dragon Palace City, he was present. He was almost scared out of his wits. Fortunately, the opponent this time wasn’t Shi Yu, but a Beast Tamer from Dong Huang he had never heard of.

“Different from the previous world competition, there are no rules to restrict the existence of humans on both sides of the competition this time. Therefore, human Beast Tamers have a huge advantage in battle power against other races.”

“But the opponent is a Reincarnation God with divine-level experience. Dong Huang’s Beast Tamer won’t be able to win easily this time.” At this moment, Long Qingyun also walked from Dong Huang to the arena. After he appeared, everyone discussed.

“Who is this person? Why haven’t I seen him before?” The Ancient God Golden Bull, the Demon King Dragon, and the others muttered to Dong Huang, “This guy’s luck isn’t very good.”

At this moment, the Dragon Emperor, Long Qingyun, was wearing brown pants and a black short-sleeved T-shirt. There were golden dragon patterns on the T-shirt. It was very modern and looked like it had already integrated into the modern era.

However, soon, the various countries were puzzled. Why had they never heard of Dong Huang having a new legend named Long Qingyun? The new legends of the various countries were basically old experts from before, such as Dong Huang’s Tyrannical Sea Legend, President Lin, and President Auland from Tingxiang. In the past, although they weren’t legends, everyone was familiar with them.

However, this Long Qingyun, the seven countries, and the totem country were really a little stunned for a moment and couldn’t react.

“Long Qingyun?” In the Shen Feng Nation, the Mechanical God Z pulled up the database information and searched for who this Dong Huang legend was. After searching, he revealed a shocked expression and a look of disbelief.

The empress of Tingxiang, who was already the elven god, was also watching this year’s World Tournament as an audience, hoping that her citizens would have good results. When she heard the name Long Qingyun, she was also slightly stunned. Wasn’t this the name of the Dragon Emperor of Dong Huang… She, who was more familiar with the former Dragon God, was also more familiar with this name.

“Wait a minute, who is this person?” Not to mention foreign Beast Tamers, even the Beast Tamers in their country were a little stunned. They didn’t know the existence of “Long Qingyun”. To be precise, they didn’t know who this Long Qingyun was.

Of course they knew the name Long Qingyun. It was the name of the Dragon Emperor of Dong Huang, but the Dragon Emperor had died a thousand years ago.

“This senior… Who is he? Why does he have the same name as the Dragon Emperor? Is he a fan of the Dragon Emperor?” On the Dong Huang audience seats, the contestants of the previous world competition revealed puzzled expressions. Although they had yet to reach the Legendary level, they were certain that there was no such person in the legends of Dong Huang.

Just as Zou Tianwang was puzzled, Shi Yu’s voice came from the side. “Is there a possibility that he’s the Dragon Emperor, the Legendary Emperor of the fourth generation of the Dong Huang Dynasty, the Dragon Emperor?”

Zou Yun and the others: “?”

“What???” They looked at the smiling Shi Yu in disbelief.

At this moment, on the arena, the Dragon Emperor Long Qingyun and the Dragon Empire’s reincarnation demigod, Ai Yuan, also looked at each other.

The Dragon Emperor was expressionless, while Ai Yuan looked down at the Dragon Emperor. However, as it continued to look, Ai Yuan’s heart trembled. It subconsciously took a step back and actually felt a trace of fear.

Its retreat confused the audience.

“You…” The Dragon Emperor, Long Qingyun, said slowly. At the same time, the World Tree clone also gave the order for the battle to begin.

“Roar!!!!” In the next moment, as nine huge golden summoning arrays appeared in the sky, nine demigod-level divine dragons swept up terrifying dragon might and appeared behind the Dragon Emperor with a bang.

Under the nine dragons in the sky, a huge dragon might crushed over. The reincarnation demigod, Ai Yuan, was instantly pressed to the ground by the pressure under everyone’s incredulous expressions. With a boom, it was as if it was crawling. Its entire body trembled and it didn’t dare to move.

This scene directly made the Dragon God of the Dragon Empire and the other divine beasts present reveal incredulous expressions.

“One person contracted nine demigods. Who exactly is this guy?”

“Impossible. At Ai Yuan’s peak, it was a junior god. How could it be suppressed by the dragon might of the nine demigod dragons?”

Not only did the outsiders feel that it was ridiculous, but even Ai Yuan itself felt that it was ridiculous. It didn’t understand why its heart felt such a strong fear of the other party.

“If you’re a Reincarnation God, you shouldn’t be the drake of the Dragon Empire that invaded Dong Huang. In that case, admit defeat directly,” the Dragon Emperor said, his tone unquestionable.

If it were the Dragon Emperor before the battle with the remnant soul of the World Annihilation Dragon, it would definitely be a bitter battle with the reincarnated demigod, Ai Yuan. However, after the battle with the remnant soul of the Ancestral Dragon, the Dragon Emperor and his pet had lengthy been reborn in that battle.

Although it was the remnant soul of the World Annihilation Dragon that was sealed at the cost of its own life, from his perspective, they were undoubtedly winners. This kind of life-

and-death battle above their level could best train the will of a individual and an army.

They could even defeat the remnant soul of the Ancestral Dragon and the ancestor of the drake bloodline. Now that they were facing a junior god of the dragon race, the powerful spiritual will of the Dragon Emperor and the pressure brought to the dragon, the Ancestral Dragon Ai Yuan, wasn’t inferior to the remnant soul of the Ancestral Dragon.