Chapter 1569 - 1569 Blue Planet Ascends (4)

1569 Blue Planet Ascends (4)

“Perhaps you’re right. There are indeed many secrets on Blue Planet. These five sources of transcendence should have other missions…”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“However, they’ve already been used by me, so there’s no other way.” Emperor Shi said, “However, I’m indeed a little interested in the era ruins you mentioned.”

“I’ll bear this karma. Next, I’ll protect Dong Huang’s bloodline until Dong Huang gives birth to four other super divine level Beast Tamers.”

“And before that, let the entire universe know of Dong Huang’s existence and my existence. Let the entire starry sky know that not everyone can assassinate Dong Huang’s Beast Tamer,” Emperor Shi said domineeringly.

“The founder of the Assassin Planet is a super divine level life form, right… From the looks of it, it doesn’t seem to be difficult to nurture four more super divine level Beast Tamers.”

Shi Yu smiled bitterly. Senior Emperor Shi wanted to destroy the Assassin Planet and take the source of transcendence.

“Senior Emperor Shi, this is indeed a way to quickly obtain the source of transcendence, but we need to consider it at length. After all, the Assassin Planet is a faction living in the shadows. If we can’t eliminate it completely, the threat might be greater.”

“Yes.” Emperor Shi nodded, indicating that he understood. He said, “Then why don’t we start with the faction that entrusted them to assassinate you?”

Shi Yu was speechless.

It was indeed as Mu Huiyin had described. Emperor Shi was the most unrestrained. However, Shi Yu liked it. This time, he had a super backer! The Four Holy Family, climb!!

…

On World King Planet, the super divine experts of the five god races on Blue Planet had already received the news that Blue Planet was already in a promotion state and were collectively excited.

Pseudo source of transcendence!

With Blue Planet’s foundation and aptitude, if it could advance, it could definitely give birth to a large number of pseudo sources of transcendence.

With this resource, they should be able to reach more than two realms.

Using Blue Planet as his territory, many years later, it wasn’t impossible for it to even exceed 3.

A happy future was correct in front of him.

On World King Planet, the Space Emperor and Lin Feng were also guarding the permanent teleportation array, waiting for news and waiting to go over with the five super divines of Blue Planet.

“Hurry up, hurry up, or you won’t be able to make it in time for the blessings!!” Apart from them, in the sky, two anxious figures were also rushing towards the Dong Huang Realm.

The owl and gem cat that had returned from the Astrologer Race were previously at the divine level. Among them, the owl had even recovered to the realm of a top-notch divine. It had already recovered most of the power of its previous life with the help of its family resources.

As for the gem cat, with the help of one-seventh of the inheritance of the Star Prayer Race and the gift of the Astrologer Race, it also reached the intermediate divine realm and raised the wishing star skill to the expert level in one go.

“Madam Tu Na, Madam Ying.”

At this moment, seeing the return of the owl and Teacher Ying, the Space Emperor, Lin Feng, and the others immediately welcomed them. The five super divines of Blue Planet had previously appeared at this moment, planning to meet Madam Tu Na. This guy… was actually the sister of the Astrologer Race patriarch. They still felt that it was ridiculous.

“Everyone, is Blue Planet going to rise?”

After arriving, these were Teacher Owl’s first words.

“That’s right. The mother planet is about to rise. Did Madam Tu Na previously predict it??” The five super divine beings on Blue Planet were pleasantly surprised. Even the Astrologer Race had predicted it, so it was definitely stable this time.

At the thought that they could harvest a large wave of resources soon, the five super divines on Blue Planet couldn’t help but smile. Then, they couldn’t help but look at the Space Emperor, who had made a bet with them… They didn’t know how to lose at all!