Chapter 1562 - Chapter 1562: Revived Emperors (1)

Chapter 1562: Revived Emperors (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

Blue Planet…

Shi Yu returned.

If Blue Planet broke through to a high-level planet, this was indeed the best place for Shi Yu to enter seclusion to cultivate.

The cultivation environment of high-level planets was better than most first-level realms. In addition, Shi Yu’s ginseng baby had the qualifications appointed by Blue Planet to mobilize the power of Blue Planet’s world.

It was equivalent to Shi Yu’s food and some supplements being able to efficiently freeload the power of Blue Planet. This was a treatment that didn’t happen on World King Planet.

Shi Yu returned with a panda sitting on his shoulder and the sun shining brightly. When the World Tree clone guarding the permanent teleportation array saw Shi Yu, it was extremely surprised.

“Why are you back?” the World Tree clone asked.

There was a permanent teleportation array here. It would be a waste not to use it.

“l offended four powerful super divines and came back to lie low,” Shi Yu said.

The World Tree: “Huh?”

“What the hell?” The World Tree couldn’t believe Shi Yu. At the critical moment of Blue Planet’s advancement, could Shi Yu not cause trouble? It was going to cry.

Shi Yu smiled. “It’s not a big problem. To be precise, I’m back to take a look at the new world competition. After all, many familiar faces want to participate.” “Wu wu!!!” Eleven nodded.

“Then do you want me to get you the position of a judge or a special guest?” the World Tree said.

Shi Yu said, “There’s no need. I’ll just be an audience. Speaking of which, the Blue Planet’s breakthrough project has already started, right? How long do you expect Blue Planet to break through?”

The World Tree pondered and said, ‘E ln terms of resources, we don’t lack them at all. The resources brought by the five divine races can completely support Blue Planet to break through many times, but if we want to break through the bottleneck, we still have to rely on feeling! Although it’s called feeling, it depends on Blue Planet’s ‘luck, ‘talent’, and ‘opportunity.”

“If it’s fast, it can break through in the next second. If it’s slow, it might take

years or decades.”

Shi Yu nodded. To put it bluntly, Blue Planet was already qualified to challenge high-level planets, but whether it could succeed was no longer about accumulation, but the correct method to break through the last barrier.

“Blue Planet should be considered a lucky star,” Shi Yu said. He felt that the people and things Blue Planet walked out of were also very lucky.

For example, Goddess Wa had obtained the inheritance of Nüwa in the last era. For example, Emperor Shi had accidentally entered the ruins of the era and obtained multiple sources of transcendence. For example, Emperor Kong and Lin Feng had pretty good luck.

Even a hooligan cat could obtain the inheritance of the Star Prayer Race. There was no one else with this luck.

In addition, Shi Yu didn’t believe that Blue Planet could nurture a creature like the Time Sprite that couldn’t even be nurtured on other high-level planets without cosmic star aptitude.

“All the best. When Teacher Ying returns, call her to assist,” Shi Yu said. “She’s accepting another portion of the inheritance of the Star Prayer Race.”

“Can she?” The World Tree was stunned.

“Probably?” Shi Yu wasn’t sure either, but after accepting two-sevenths of the inheritance of the Star Prayer Race, Teacher Cat’s strength would definitely reach the divine level. In theory, it wasn’t impossible for the divine-level Star Prayer Race to make a wish for a peak divine-level star. It was probably because it involved a super divine level, so the backlash might be a little big.

“l see.” The World Tree was happy. It didn’t expect that the weakest little guy who walked out of Blue Planet was actually the key hope of Blue Planet’s breakthrough?

Next, Shi Yu returned to Dong Huang and continued to cultivate wholeheartedly. In nearly half a month, Shi Yu’s Spatial Strengthening Talent wasn’t far from the divine level.

As for Beast Shi Yu, during this period, he had also successfully armed himself with the top-notch four holy equipment. Shi Yu estimated that he completely had battle power close to the epoch god.

The quasi epoch god Beast Shi Yu and the perfect divine-level Time Sprite, one with battle power and the other defense, were Shi Yu’s two strongest trump cards now.

With these two trump cards, Shi Yu felt much more at ease. However, if he wanted to move freely, Shi Yu still felt that it wasn’t enough. At least, he had to let his pets break through to top-notch divine.

“Ji!!!” Just as Shi Yu was still dozing off, Buggy ran over and woke Shi Yu up, reminding him that Inatella’s world competition was about to begin.

“Oh?” Shi Yu gradually woke up and said, “Alright, let’s go over there to watch and cultivate.’

Inatella.

The rules of this year’s World Tournament had been changed to a competition without age and race restrictions. The requirements for the participants were basically to bid for the World King Planet’s God Sealing Battle.

As long as one wasn’t at the divine level, they could participate.

However, although the conditions of the competition had been changed and the threshold had been lowered, the number of participants had decreased.

Because most people knew that this was the stage of legends and demigods. The other levels would also be sending themselves to death if they came. Most people still had some idea and knew that they couldn’t participate.

This time, although a large portion of the young people were eliminated and they missed the opportunity to participate in this year, it also gave many veteran experts a chance to participate.

Moreover, just because young contestants couldn’t participate now didn’t mean that they couldn’t participate in the future. As long as they reached the legendary level, they had the ability to participate in the future. On the current Mythical Revival Blue Planet, breaking through to the legendary level was no longer that far-fetched.

As for after Blue Planet broke through to a high-level planet, it would be even easier to break through to the legendary level. It would probably be like World King Planet, a young man with a little talent and potential. He would have a chance to break through to the legendary level.

Therefore, this World Tournament was basically the God Sealing Battle. It was a drill for Blue Planet’s life on Blue Planet to fight the God Sealing Battle. Only by getting first place among Blue Planet’s demigods was they qualified to challenge the God Sealing Battle on World King Planet..