Chapter 1577 - Chapter 1577: Blue Planet’S Cultural Promotion Ambassador (1)

Chapter 1577: Blue Planet’s Cultural Promotion Ambassador (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios       Editor: Atlas Studios

When Shi Yu started broadcasting, he didn’t receive any attention at the start.

After all, this was his first time. His account didn’t receive much attention. However, as the gem cat rewarded him with a gift, the livestream instantly became lively. They were all attracted by Shi Yu’s title.

“It’s really him?” The audience who entered the livestream could see a huge space center. Inside, a completely silver-white cosmic battleship landed on the arena. A group of pets was like a tourist group, taking photos outside the battleship as a memento.

Apart from the familiar King of Gods, Shi Yu, Eleven… the ginseng emperor… Chi Tong… These familiar God Sealing Battle contestants were all on the scene. It was strange. It was actually Shi Yu t s main body. He was leaving World King Planet to travel?

Moreover, it was a live broadcast trip?

With Shi Yu’s current reputation, starting a live broadcast could indeed earn him a lot. However, as the new King of Gods and the owner of the era ruins, Shi Yu didn’t look like he was short of money now, right?

The purple-skinned holey person of the Star Refining Race, the son of the

Demon Emperor, Tian Shang, the Cosmic Crow, Zavay, and the Beast Tamer, Ming Gu… A bunch of people who paid attention to Shi Yu opened the livestream to see what Shi Yu was up to.

“There are already so many people?” Shi Yu looked at the little robot that Ling had split out and looked at the screen data and comments. “Hello, everyone. I’m Shi Yu, the strongest, most handsome, and most powerful Beast Tamer, Shi Yu.’

The comments spammed the word “shameless”.

Shi Yu smiled and said, “Pay attention to your manners. I saw a few people scolding me. I’ll track you down on the Internet and visit you another day. 1 still have this ability. Don’t forget that I don’t have any morals.”

“My mechanical assistant has divine-level intelligence. It can lock onto your coordinates now and invade your network…”

A bunch of low-intelligent comments instantly disappeared from the comments. When they thought of how the top-notch Green Dragon Divine Gold Chamber had only released killing intent at Shi Yu before being directly killed by Shi Yu, these spectators, who only knew how to talk excitedly felt cold all over.

[Shi Yu, what are you doing? Touring? Where are you going?] At this moment, an unknown bullet screen occupied a conspicuous position. This was because were many spectators on World King Planet. In order to have a good bullet screen experience, no matter what bullet screen was sent, it needed money. It blocked 99-99% of the freeloaders. For this bullet screen to be so conspicuous, it was obvious that it had spent a lot of money.

“I almost forgot about business…” Shi Yu said, “Just a few days ago, I encountered an assassin…

“l wonder if it’s out of jealousy of my talent, or because it wants to get rid of one of my pets, or because of the Four Holy Ruins.”

“However, this assassin is also a coward. He only dares to assassinate me when I’m alone. It’s meaningless to escape immediately after failing the assassination.”

“Therefore, I want to give the person who wants to assassinate me a chance. I’ll go on a trip and guarantee, with my integrity, personality, and the honor of the King of Gods, that I definitely didn’t bring any bodyguards. It’s just us.

You’re welcome to come and assassinate us.’

After Shi Yu finished speaking with a smile, the entire audience in the livestream was stunned. The audience behind the screen opened their mouths slightly and found it unbelievable.

Holy sh*t, Shi Yu was so arrogant. Moreover, how could he be so straightforward? He didn’t even hide it and directly said it. Even if he wanted to bait the assassins, he didn’t need to do it like this.

“Why don’t I f*cking believe it?” Moreover, at this moment, Shi Yu used his integrity and personality to guarantee that he definitely didn’t bring any bodyguards. Most of the audience didn’t even believe these words. Shi Yu himself had said that he didn’t have any morals. How could he believe these words?

“Alright, it’s time to set off soon. Welcome to the livestream, everyone. On this starry sky trip, apart from seeing if anyone else wants to assassinate me, I indeed want to see the scenery of the Cosmic Sea.”

“Actually, the Exposing King is right about one thing. I’m indeed a newbie who just came to World King Planet from a border galaxy. I’ve never appreciated the beauty of the starry sky, so this time… since the universe is so big, 1 want to take a look.”

“Apart from that, during this process, apart from admiring the starry sky, I will also introduce the situation in my hometown to everyone,” Shi Yu sighed.

With that said, he boarded the cosmic battleship with Eleven and the others, who were carrying backpacks and a pile of snacks.

“Wu wu wu…” Eleven waved at the audience.

Soon, the content mentioned by the Starry Sky punisher, Shi Yu, quickly spread, increasing the number of people in the livestream. Countless spectators wanted to see if someone really wanted to assassinate the King of Gods.

Of course, Shi Yu’s actions also made a bunch of people’s heads bigger. After the Environmental Protection Association, God Bing Ling, heard Shi Yu’s actions, she silently opened Shi Yu’s livestream. At this moment… the cosmic battleship Shi Yu and the others were on, Ling, had already left World King Planet and entered the Cosmic Sea.

“Is it the Abyss Race or the Four Holy Family?” God Bing Ling was slightly stunned. During this period of time, she had indeed ignored Shi Yu. However, because the Environmental Protection Association was too busy, in a certain star area, the Dark King Army invaded on a large scale. The pressure on the Environmental Protection Association was very huge now, making her unable to care about Shi Yu. However, who knew that in the blink of an eye, Shi Yu

would play so big?

“He’s baiting the assassins?” Bing Ling naturally didn’t believe that Shi Yu was alone. She judged that Shi Yu had probably brought Wang Kong, Lin Feng, and Blue Planet along with him, planning to carry out an open conspiracy to lure them.. Of course, Bing Ling didn’t think that the assassin would be so stupid as to really assassinate him at this stage..