Chapter 1578 - 1578 Blue Planet'S Cultural Promotion Ambassador (2)

1578 Blue Planet’s Cultural Promotion Ambassador (2)

While the situation on the Environmental Protection Association’s side was happening, the plant association, the Space Disaster Research Institute, the 177th Fleet, Zi Jian’s special forces, and other places with many big shots came to the same conclusion as Bing Ling. They didn’t believe that Shi Yu would court death.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Shi Yu had most likely prepared some powerful trump cards to wait for the arrival of the assassin. Whether the assassin would arrive depended on the determination of the person who wanted to assassinate Shi Yu.

The Green Dragon, White Tiger, Black Tortoise, and Vermillion Bird domains, the super divine mystic realm of the Four Holy Families, and the Four Holy super divines met again in a long time. The shadows of the Four Holy Families floated in the void, and the Vermillion Bird super divine sent a question. “Green Dragon, what assassin did you hire? Why did you fail?”

The Green Dragon super divine frowned and said, “The assassins ranked in the top five of the Assassin Planet all have the experience of successfully assassinating a target and retreating unscathed under the gaze of a super divine level. The Assassin Planet also knows all the information about Shi Yu’s guardian. Despite all that, they still failed the assassination. I also want to know what’s going on.”

“Now, Shi Yu is undoubtedly provoking us…” the White Tiger super divine said.

The Green Dragon super divine said, “I’ll pressure the Assassin Planet. The contract between me and Siphane is to not rest until death. If we fail once, the Assassin Planet has to carry it out a second and third time until it succeeds.”

“However, Shi Yu’s behavior this time is clearly baiting us. The Assassin Planet shouldn’t act rashly. Instead, it will choose to assassinate Shi Yu when he’s most negligent. This time… let this King of Gods be arrogant for a period of time. It’s not appropriate for us to show our faces.”

In the Astrologer Race, the Exposing King, Patriarch Tu, revealed a puzzled expression in a small black room.

“Holy sh*t.” It was shocked because it actually couldn’t predict the trajectory of Shi Yu and the others’ trip.

There seemed to be a fog in the future. This wasn’t the first time Exposing King Tu Tu had encountered such a situation…

“Could it be that they encountered some powerful killer?”

“Could it be that guy made a move??” The Exposing King Tu Tu thought of a certain guy, the founder of the Assassin Planet, the super divine level assassin, Siphane.

Although he was only an assassin who had transcended three times, he had the experience of successfully assassinating a super divine level twice. The Assassin Planet he created was also infamous, making people tremble in fear in the Cosmic Sea.

Just like the Exposing King, there were also many super divine experts who really wanted to kill Siphane. However, no one knew his or the Assassin Planet’s location at all. No one could find them at all.

It could be said that the super divine killer, Siphane, was even more hated than the Exposing King. The Exposing King only revealed some gossip information, but what the Assassin Planet did was mainly to murder elites of various races and geniuses with potential.

There were even some geniuses who were successfully assassinated in front of their super divine elders. How could such an Assassin Planet not be hated?

However, although it was hated, there were indeed many cosmic factions that had always maintained contact with the Assassin Planet and were inextricably linked. They had always entrusted the Assassin Planet to complete some shady things in his place, such as suppressing enemy factions.

The whereabouts of the super divine killer, Siphane, was one of the few unpredictable existences that the Exposing King Tu Tu didn’t rely on external forces. The failure of the prediction this period made Tu Tu think that Shi Yu’s trip this time might involve the other party… This… wasn’t good.

“… It shouldn’t be a problem. Sister is also with Shi Yu. If there’s really danger, Sister won’t let Shi Yu take the risk.” Patriarch Tu Tu thought of its sister, who had recovered its power, and nodded.

Moreover, as long as Shi Yu was sufficiently prepared and convinced the five super divine Guardians, with its understanding of Siphane, the other party wouldn’t carry out such a massive risk of assassination…

However, it couldn’t forecast anything. It still made the Exposing King Tu Tu feel stifled. It went to the family’s holy land and tried to use the power of the family’s quasi cosmic prophecy treasure to assist it in predicting again…

In the depths of the gorgeous starry sky in the Cosmic Sea, a silver-white battleship was already slowly sailing in the universe, further away from World King Planet.

Shi Yu sat in the hall of the battleship and leaned comfortably against the window, admiring the scenery outside. The starry sky scene of the Cosmic Sea broke Shi Yu’s inherent understanding of the starry sky of the universe. Strange things were everywhere here. The magnificence was far from what the border galaxy, where Blue Planet was located could compare to.

[Great God Shi Yu, when are you going to talk about your mother planet!] Because of the previous preview, many spectators were very interested in Shi Yu’s mother planet.

In the confront of the enthusiasm of the audience, Shi Yu barely acted as the ambassador of Blue Planet’s culture and introduced Blue Planet to the audience.

“My mother planet is called Blue Planet. A long period ago, it was an intermediate planet. It was rich in resources and had many races.”

“However, the good times didn’t last long. Just like the encounters of many resource planets, Blue Planet encountered the invasion of the Cosmic Behemoth Race, the Abyss Race, and the Space Worm Race one after another. Then, a planet defense battle that wasn’t rare in the universe occurred.”

The audience listened carefully. They didn’t expect that the mother planet of the King of Gods, Shi Yu, had also been invaded by the pests of the three universes, like most planets in the universe…

“In that battle, Blue Planet barely won, but it also paid a heavy price. Its level fell to a low-level planet and it was no longer a habitable planet for the gods. Many gods went to the starry sky to find new homes.”