Chapter 1570 - 1570 Emperor Shi Appears (1)

1570 Emperor Shi Appears (1)

At the critical moment of Blue Planet’s advancement.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The permanent teleportation array swayed. The gem cat and owl rushed over from World King Planet first.

“Are you sure?”

“When have I lied to you?”

The gem cat and the owl spoke one after another.

“Then I’ll freeload.” The gem cat girl took a deep breath.

At this moment, Blue Planet was still in the process of breaking through.

Although it was very smooth this time, Blue Planet had yet to completely break through.

At this moment, the gem cat made a prayer gesture with both hands and said, “I have a wish for Blue Planet’s breakthrough to be successful!”

After making the wish, a gem luster flashed in the cat’s eyes. The cat activated the power of the star.

In the words of the Prediction Owl, no matter how much help it could provide, it definitely wouldn’t lose out by helping Blue Planet breakthrough!

“I’ll do it too!” At this moment, the owl also chose to get involved.

Obviously, after recovering its power, it had recovered its previous skills.

Just Future Prediction wasn’t enough for the astrologers to become the number one race in prediction.

“Fate has been decided!” The owl muttered, and a time hexagram flicker appeared in its eyes!

Fate had been decided. This skill needed to be used with Future Prediction!

Fate could be changed. If the owl predicted that a person would die of old age, but if Shi Yu ran to send this person a Fruit of Life, the other party wouldn’t die of old age.

As for fate, it was a move that was very difficult to change.

In a predetermined state of fate, even if Shi Yu sent this person the Fruit of Life, it was still very likely that the other party would lose the power brought by the Fruit of Life due to some accident and quickly die of old age.

This was fate.

Every life had multiple fate lines. Those who predicted the future might not necessarily be accurate.

However, if it cooperated with the power established by fate, it would affect luck and the future, making it very difficult to change what was predicted.

In contrast, the owl also mastered the unchanged fate. It could allow the things it predicted to change according to its mood and affect the luck of the target from afar.

It was even stronger than the Wind Kirin Race’s Blessing Wind.

After all, the Star Prayer Race and the Astrologer Race were both rare races born on the World King Planet, and the Wind Kirin was only a race born on the Blue Planet.

Although Blue Planet might have been very strong in its previous life, it had yet to reach the level of World King Planet in this life.

On World King Planet, the Prediction Owl had already predicted that Blue Planet would successfully break through. At this moment, if she strengthened Blue Planet’s fate of breaking through again, although it would undoubtedly be useless as tits on a bull, she could more or less freeload a little credit.

As a life form born on Blue Planet, the owl’s current body was also born on Blue Planet. If they helped Blue Planet breakthrough at this moment, the luck of a high-level planet could more or less be touched.

“Thank you, the two of you…” As the two cats muttered, on a huge rock beside them, the other World Tree clone guarding the teleportation array was a little speechless.

Why did they have to come at this time? They were also talents, and the others were originally looking forward to their strengths.

“You’re welcome, you’re welcome.” The two cats looked at the World Tree clone with bright eyes.

“Where’s Shi Yu??” Teacher Ying asked.

“Well… Shi Yu has gone to work. Why don’t I send the two of you to a competition to kill time first?”

A moment later, the gem cat and owl were teleported to the World Tournament.

At this moment, the world competition was already coming to an end. The top four had already been decided.

They were Lu Qingyi, Wu Dong, Huang Xi, and Long Qingyun…

The top four were directly from Dong Huang, paralyzing the Blue Planet countries in the audience.

It was fine if it was Dong Huang’s three ancient emperors, but Lu Qingyi… What was going on?

Lu Qingyi actually mastered more than ten strange special Beast Taming Talents. Although the pets weren’t strong, in every battle, they relied on very dirty tactical tactics to suppress the opponent.

There were endless trump cards.

The contestants of the Dong Huang World Tournament who were in the same batch as Shi Yu, Lu Qingyi, and the others were just short of kneeling to watch the competition.

“Haha.” Of course, Divine Source, President Lin, and the others also laughed excitedly.

This time, Dong Huang rose again.

However, the World Tree clone, who was the judge, pouted. Those contestants from Dong Huang could clearly get in through the back door and teleport away, but they insisted on competing to bully other countries. It was really annoying…

Look at the children of other countries, their mentalities were about to collapse.

…

“It’s going to level up… It’s really going to level up this time.”

As the gem cat and the Prediction Owl returned and assisted Blue Planet, not long after…

Boom.

As the world trembled, a sound of laws that all life could hear spread throughout the entire world. The world of Blue Planet changed drastically, and countless amounts of natural energy spewed out of the ground.

The scale of the space that could be opened up on Blue Planet too instantly expanded by a hundred times, and it was still expanding.

The life on Blue Planet had experienced this change twice.

The first time was actually the first revival of laws on Blue Planet, and the second time was when Blue Planet was restored to become an intermediate-level star. And this time… it came again.

It was actually as if the very force was even greater, making all lives raise their heads in shock.

“So fast. As expected of us.” At the very venue of the World Tournament, Inatella, the gem cat and owl holding potato chips and soda had happy expressions when they saw Blue Planet breakthrough not long after they finished assisting.

This was actually too delicious!

The first thing Blue Planet’s breakthrough affected was actually the very natural resources in nature.

Countless spiritual plants, spiritual fruits, and resources instantly increased by one to two levels. Some plant lives too awakened their intelligence and turned into transcendent life forms.