Chapter 1572 - 1572 Emperor Shi Appears (3)

1572 Emperor Shi Appears (3)

“In that case… it’s inappropriate.” After pondering for a moment, the dragon super divine said, “We’re all descendants born from the Mother Goddess. It’s only natural for us to contribute to the Mother Goddess. How can we contribute?”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Only super divine level life forms can refine the pseudo transcendent source of transcendence. Shi Yu, Wang Kong, and Lin Feng haven’t reached the super divine level yet. It’s useless to want the transcendent source of transcendence. In addition, Mother has just broken through. As a new high-level planet, she will definitely encounter many covetous eyes. At this moment, she needs a powerful force to protect and deter the thieves. Therefore, I think these pseudo transcendent sources should be used in a more reasonable place.”

“Hand it to the life form with the strongest battle power on Blue Planet. The stronger the battle power, the more it’s distributed. This way, the resources can be maximized, and we can avoid wasting them. We’ve actually discussed this with Wang Kong and Lin Feng. The most important thing now is to strengthen the top-notch battle power and help Blue Planet stabilize in the starry sky.”

“That’s right.” The other four super divines on Blue Planet also nodded. Logically speaking, it was only distributed to super-divine levels. Why would Wang Kong, Lin Feng, and Shi Yu join in the fun? They couldn’t refine it even if they were given it.

The Blue Planet’s Will looked at Wang Kong and Lin Feng.

Emperor Kong said, “That’s indeed what we discussed. It’s better to hand the source of transcendence to a super divine level to maximize its use. Therefore, the criteria we discussed back then was to compete on the strength of the strongest battle power of the various races at various stages. Whichever race is stronger will distribute more resources. Only then can we quickly strengthen the power that can protect Blue Planet.”

Blue Planet looked at the five super divines and said, “Do you really want to split it like this?”

The five super divines nodded and said, “The capable work more, and the strong gain more. Of course, Shi Yu, Wang Kong, and Lin Feng also contributed greatly to the advancement of the mother planet this time. We’re willing to give up resources other than the pseudo source of transcendence and distribute most of them to humans, but it’s more reasonable to leave the source of transcendence to us.”

Blue Planet shook its head and said, “Have you really decided?”

“I’ve decided.” The five super divines nodded. Five points for them was better than three more points.

“In that case, let’s compete first. The super divine of the Dong Huang Human Race will compete with the seniors to decide the ownership of the source of transcendence.” The Space Emperor smiled.

“But let me say this first. We can’t hurt the harmony because of this. We’re all from the same planet…”

“Yes.” The dragon super divine nodded, but soon, it was slightly stunned.

Not only him, but the super divines of the other four divine races were also slightly stunned, wondering if they had heard wrongly.

Dong Huang’s human super divine? What the hell?

They looked at the Space Emperor and Lin Feng in unison.

“Wang Kong, what do you mean? You mean that you and Lin Feng want to challenge us?” the dragon super divine said.

“I wouldn’t dare.” The Space Emperor chuckled and said, “Lin Feng and I are naturally not your match.”

“However, who said that the Dong Huang humans don’t have super divine bodies…”

As soon as the Space Emperor finished speaking, a voice sounded.

“I’m not late, right?” Shi Yu’s voice sounded. As he teleported, he and another figure teleported to Inatella.

“Of course not.”

At this moment, when they saw the black-robed man beside Shi Yu, Emperor Kong and Lin Feng were excited.

Emperor Shi… had indeed come out!

“Senior Emperor Shi!” Emperor Kong and Lin Feng cupped their fists at Emperor Shi at the same time and greeted him as a senior.

They observed curiously, this senior who created Dong Huang.

Everyone thought that Emperor Shi had died. Who would have thought that he would actually break through to super divine in the Cultivationless Age of Blue Planet?

As expected of Emperor Shi… Even the proud Emperor Kong and Lin Feng had to admit that, be it the past Dong Huang or the future Dong Huang, there were geniuses stronger than them.

“You guys… aren’t bad.” Emperor Shi nodded. When he saw the Space Emperor and Lin Feng, he seemed to have seen their lives. He laughed and said, “The Dong Huang I established is indeed filled with talents. Leave the rest to me.”

Emperor Shi looked at Blue Planet in the sky, and Blue Planet also looked at Emperor Shi. The gazes of the two parties collided. Even Blue Planet couldn’t help but sigh in its heart. This human super divine of Dong Huang had many opportunities and was so strong.

Emperor Shi’s strength was probably even higher than that of Blue Planet’s, who had just advanced. He had already exceeded the mother planet and was far from what the five ancient superdivines could compare to.

Although they were all lucky enough to obtain the source of transcendence, there was still a difference in strength.

“Who are you…”

At this moment, the five super divines of Blue Planet had long had serious gazes. They looked at the human beside Shi Yu and didn’t know where this person came from. Emperor Shi’s appearance undoubtedly put them under huge pressure.

This pressure reminded them of a person they had encountered when they first advanced to super divine.

That epoch god who had killed seven super divine beings in a row was currently the strongest Beast Tamer on World King Planet, the strongest human.

But… how was that possible?

“We’re going to fight, right?” Emperor Shi said.

“Senior Emperor Shi, let’s stop when it’s time.” Shi Yu, who was beside him, whispered to Emperor Shi, “Senior Emperor Shi, these five seniors are a little cowardly, but their natures aren’t bad. We’re all from the Blue Planet bloodline. They indeed made a lot of contributions to Blue Planet’s breakthrough this time…”

“If everyone can labor together in the end, Blue Planet’s future will definitely be better~”

“Alright.” Emperor Shi looked at the five super divines of Blue Planet and said, “In that case, the five of you can strike together. If you win, you can take all those resources. I won’t take any.”

“If you lose, those supplies will all belong to me, but on account of your contribution to assisting the advancement of your mother planet, I’ll still allocate a certain amount of resources to you according to your merits.”