Chapter 1574 - 1574 Blue Planet'S First Group Construction Event (1)

1574 Blue Planet’s First Group Construction Event (1)

In the outside world.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Shi Yu and the others waited obediently.

It was unknown how long the super divine battle would take.

However, to the surprise of the Space Emperor and the others…

Not much time passed at all before the time-space shattered. Emperor Shi and the others came out of the alternate space with the five super divines of Blue Planet. At this moment, the five super divines of Blue Planet were all heavily injured and had stunned gazes.

As for Emperor Shi, although he also sustained some injuries, they were almost negligible.

“No way, it’s been less than a minute and it’s over??”

“So short?” Lin Feng was shocked when he saw them come out.

As Lin Feng finished speaking, the hearts of the five super divines on Blue Planet trembled again. They couldn’t believe it, because they had clearly fought for several days in that alternate space and time. How could it be less than a minute?

“You guys can admit defeat.”

On the other side, Emperor Shi was expressionless. In order to move his rusty body, he had finally found a suitable opponent to fight in this battle. He had indeed fought for a longer time, but he was worried that he would waste too much time on the outside world, so he could only do this.

It made the battle space and the outside space flow at different times.

“You…”

Upon hearing Lin Feng and the others’ words in the outside world, they felt that the flow of time in the outside world was indeed different from the space just now. The defense in the hearts of the five super divines on Blue Planet completely collapsed.

Looking at Emperor Shi again, they felt the difference in strength between heaven and earth.

At this moment, they felt that even those monster super divines from the Four Holy Family were definitely not a match for the person in front of them.

The five super divines were silent. They knew that they had been completely schemed against by the Space Emperor, but Emperor Shi’s strength made them unable to refute anything.

Because they were certain that Emperor Shi definitely had the ability to kill them.

“Mother Goddess, can you give them each five pseudo sources of transcendence?” Emperor Shi looked at the Blue Planet’s Will.

“Yes,” Blue Planet’s Will said when it heard Emperor Shi’s request. It took out 25 of the 81 sources of transcendence and distributed them to the five super divines on Blue Planet.

As the pseudo sources of transcendence landed, the five super divines of Blue Planet took a deep breath.

After receiving the sources of transcendence, the five super divines on Blue Planet said in unison, “We’re willing to admit defeat. You’re stronger than us, so we’ll listen to you.”

“That’s good.” Emperor Shi laughed and said, “I won’t take any of the remaining sources of transcendence either. I’ve contributed nothing to Blue Planet’s advancement, so I won’t take these resources. Shi Yu, Wang Kong, Lin Feng, you guys take it yourselves. As for the rest, I suggest that whoever makes greater contributions to Blue Planet in the future can distribute them. What do you think?”

“I have no objections,” the Space Emperor and Lin Feng said.

“Same.” Shi Yu nodded.

The five super divines of Blue Planet looked at Emperor Shi in surprise. They didn’t expect this person to be so reasonable… He had contributed nothing to Blue Planet’s advancement, but he didn’t take a single source of transcendence. The five super divines who originally had some complaints in their minds were slightly less resentful now.

They also understood that Emperor Shi’s action was to bribe people, but the other party was stronger and was willing to share, so they couldn’t say anything.

Five pseudo sources of transcendence… had already made up for their losses. Although it was less than expected, in essence, they had earned a little.

… Although that was the case, the five super divines still sensed stifled.

Looking at Emperor Shi, Shi Yu, and the others, they also sensed that these people were demons in human skin, even more demonic than the demons.

“Forget it, I won’t take it for the time being. Let’s talk about it after I advance to super divine,” the Space Emperor said.

“Me too.” Lin Feng shrugged. It was indeed as the five super divines on Blue Planet had said. They weren’t super divines yet, so it was useless for them to want this.

Of course, just because they didn’t want it now didn’t mean that they couldn’t use it in the future. They would save it first.

“Cough, cough, give me one!” Only Shi Yu was different.

Blue Planet: “…”

The five super divines, Emperor Shi, Emperor Kong, and Lin Feng: “…”

“I like to study… I want to study it.” Shi Yu laughed and said, “One portion is enough. I’ll tell you again when I lack more.”

Beast Shi Yu’s physical level was at the super divine level. At this moment, Shi Yu was wondering if the pseudo source of transcendence could be used to strengthen Beast Shi Yu… If it was used for experiments, one was temporarily enough.

If it could be strengthened, it would be the same with Blue Planet later.

At this moment, out of the 81 sources of transcendence, the Blue Planet human only received one, and the five super divines each took five, so there were still 55 sources of transcendence left. For a moment, the five divine races on Blue Planet sighed.

They felt that they had to do their best to develop Blue Planet in the future. Otherwise, these 55 sources of transcendence would be wasted.

The current situation made their minds itch even more than if all the sources of transcendence were taken away by humans.

They gazed at Blue Planet in unison, like children waiting for their elders’ lollipops, as if they were waiting for Mother Goddess’s mission… They wanted to know what quests needed to be completed to obtain the reward.

“So, seniors, are we still fighting?” Lin Feng said. “The other resources, such as territory, haven’t been divided yet. Now that Blue Planet has advanced, everyone definitely has to move a portion of their businesses back to Blue Planet to develop, right?”

The five super divines on Blue Planet gazed at Lin Feng with dark expressions.

Fight my ass!

Among the divine levels of the five major divine races, probably no one could defeat the Space Emperor and Lin Feng.

They couldn’t defeat the super divine level, nor could they defeat the divine level. The five divine races on Blue Planet were directly crushed by the humans.

The few super divines’ mentalities exploded. They sensed that it was a little different from what they had imagined at the start.

“Then, the eastern hemisphere of Blue Planet will belong to Dong Huang, and the western hemisphere of Blue Planet will belong to everyone. How about that?” the Space Emperor said with a smile.

“Sure.” The five super divines on Blue Planet were unable to refute. Compared to splitting it according to battle power, they were still at an advantage in this kind of division.