Chapter 1576 - 1576 Blue Planet'S First Group Construction Event (3)

1576 Blue Planet’s First Group Construction Event (3)

Since the Assassin Planet dared to take on Shi Yu’s business, it meant that the Assassin Planet didn’t take Shi Yu seriously, didn’t take the Blue Planet bloodline seriously, and didn’t take the faction behind Shi Yu seriously. This was something Emperor Shi couldn’t accept.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

In that case, using the Assassin Planet to establish might on Blue Planet was indeed most suitable if it succeeded.

“Money…” Also, the Assassin Planet was definitely rich. The five super divines who had just thrown their assets on Blue Planet were immediately envious.

“He actually dared try to assassinate Shi Yu. This is too much. He simply doesn’t take the five of us seriously,” the Kirin Race’s super divine said. “Assassin Planet should be destroyed!”

“It deserves to be destroyed!” the super divine of the Demon Race also said.

“Are we really going to do it?” Shi Yu suddenly became excited as he listened. Forget it, so be it!

“Then it’s decided.” Emperor Shi laughed and said, “Next, we can use that to go to the World King Planet, right? Shi Yu, you’ll be the bait later. Let’s see how many fish we can catch first before destroying the Assassin Planet. How about that?”

“You should have… offended many enemies, right?”

“Blue Planet and Dong Huang are in an important development period. It would naturally be best if someone could take the initiative to send resources.”

“I see.” The Space Emperor and Lin Feng were also excited. Emperor Shi wasn’t bad. The last time the two of them assassinated a super divine was the last time. Could they finally hunt super divines again this time?

“In that case, let’s do something big,” Shi Yu said.

At this moment, under the persuasion of the group of lunatics from Dong Huang’s lineage, the five cowardly gods of Blue Planet felt like they had been taken for a ride, but it seemed like there was nothing they could do.

As for Blue Planet’s Will, who was watching them the whole time, it sighed deeply.

It looked like it was impossible for Blue Planet to want peaceful and stable development.

The humans of Dong Huang seemed to have a restless heart.

…

Soon, Shi Yu and the others discussed it. However, before setting off, be it Emperor Shi or the five super divines, they had to recover their strength first.

After being locked in the ruins for so long, they had just come out and had a high-intensity battle. Emperor Shi had consumed a lot of energy and needed to recover for a period of time. As for the five super divines, they also hoped to refine the pseudo sources of transcendence before taking revenge.

As for Shi Yu, there was even less of a need to talk about him. He also wanted to strengthen Beast Shi Yu.

Everyone went their separate ways, but they still chose to cultivate bitterly on Blue Planet. Blue Planet had just broken through, and this was the moment when it had the richest energy.

Before Shi Yu left Inatella, he teleported to the World Tournament and found the gem cat and owl.

“Heh,” Shi Yu said. He originally wanted to scare them, but he received the disdainful gazes of the two cats.

Teacher Owl said, “Buggy’s lousy spatial teleportation ability can’t scare us.”

“I sensed you during your teleportation. Crack.” The gem cat ate a potato chip.

Shi Yu: “?”

Shi Yu understood now. He wouldn’t let Buggy teleport next time. He would let Qi do it.

Buggy: “?”

Qi: “Alright!”

“Blue Planet broke through,” Shi Yu said. “You already know, right?”

“Yes, yes, yes.” The two cats nodded and said, “The world competition happens to be over.”

“Senior Lu is so miserable. Fourth place. I’ve already made a wish for her to win the championship, but she still lost. She’s too disappointing,” the gem cat girl said. “But to be ranked only behind the three Legendary Emperors, it’s already not bad for her age.”

“Indeed, with some more training, we should be able to achieve pretty good results even in the God Sealing Battle,” the Prediction Owl said. “Little Qingyi’s luck isn’t bad. She has the aptitude of an expert. It’s almost just an opportunity. It won’t be inferior to Captain Zi Jian’s achievements.”

“Are you here to watch the competition or Blue Planet’s breakthrough?” Shi Yu was speechless. “In the future, our Blue Planet’s bloodline will organize a team building exercise. I think the two of you are pretty capable. Let’s go together.”

Although he felt that the team configuration was very stable, Shi Yu didn’t recommend having more wishing cats and premonition cats to increase safety.

If it really didn’t work, he could still let them predict where the other party’s treasures were hidden and wish for the drop rate of the sources of transcendence for the super divines to be higher…

“What team building?” The eyes of the wishing cat and the Prediction Owl lit up. They felt that there would be a lot of delicious food.

“Go and fight the number one assassination faction in the universe, Assassin Planet. Our Blue Planet’s experts will form a team.”

The gem cat and the Prediction Owl’s faces fell.

Are you alright? You call this team building? “What’s there to be afraid of? More than ten super divines went to raid the house together. Just standing there is enough to scare the other party to death. Don’t be afraid, even I’m slacking off with you guys this time. With a big boss leading the way, we can just pick up the equipment.”

“Meow, meow, meow???” The gem cat was stunned.

“Meow, meow, meow, meow?” The Prediction Owl was also stunned.

“Meow my ass,” the gem cat said angrily. “You’re an eagle, not a cat.”

“We, the astrologers, aren’t eagles!” Teacher Tu Na said angrily. “I have the right to speak freely!”

“Alright, alright,” Shi Yu said. “I’ll tell you in detail!”

…

Shi Yu’s nest.

After tricking the two cats into joining the team, Shi Yu immediately ran back to strengthen Beast Shi Yu. He had completely forgotten that he had gone to Inatella to cheer for Senior Lu.

Shi Yu took out Beast Shi Yu and the fake source of transcendence given by the Blue Planet’s Will. He took a deep breath.

Then… he fell into deep thought.

He and Beast Shi Yu looked at each other and fell into deep thought.

“Ordinary super divine level life forms absorb the fake source of transcendence through their true source of transcendence. However, although Beast Shi Yu’s body is super divine, he doesn’t have any extraordinary power in his body at all, nor does he have the source of transcendence. How can he absorb this…”

Shi Yu looked at the sun-like light ball locked in the crystal and fell into deep thought.

“Wuuu…” In the Beast Taming Space, pets walked out one after another to think of a way for Shi Yu.

“Yi. (Eat.)” Baby Ginseng was the first to say. There were no resources that couldn’t be solved with food.

“Ning!” Susu felt that it made sense.

“Let’s see if we can press it in through the chest. Isn’t the main body of the source of transcendence a ball of light?” Ling said.

“Sob.” Eleven expressed that it could also let its mental clone carry it and own it.

“Ji.” Buggy expressed that it could try to transfer into its body.

“Let’s try them one by one. Let’s start with the safest and most reliable one,” Shi Yu said. “Let’s listen to Ling first and use the massage.”

Shi Yu removed the armor for Beast Shi Yu and slowly pressed it on Beast Shi Yu with the source of transcendence like CPR.

As Shi Yu pressed down… As many pets swallowed their saliva, the source of transcendence was slowly pressed into their bodies…

In the next moment, the source of transcendence was stably fixed in its body. Under Shi Yu’s observation, it kept shrinking, like a white halo inner core. It really became one with its body.

Boom!!

Under its nurturing, the entire body of Beast Shi Yu emitted a faint halo. This was the first time Beast Shi Yu had a phenomenon himself.

Suddenly, Beast Shi Yu’s aura rose by a level. Shi Yu felt that Beast Shi Yu’s physical strength had become stronger. He couldn’t help but open his mouth slightly.

“Holy sh*t. This guy… can really do it. Its body is like a real source of transcendence. It can intake pseudo sources of transcendence!!”

Beast Shi Yu also quickly jumped up and clenched his fists. Immediately, thunder rumbled. Although he sensed that his power hadn’t increased much and there were no qualitative changes, perhaps the pseudo source of transcendence wasn’t enough, Shi Yu was certain that there was indeed an increase!

Shi Yu was shocked. “I understand. In any case, you can enhance your power by adding points. It’s a waste to give you the pseudo source of transcendence. Just give it to Beast Shi Yu in the future.”

Eleven and the other pets: Wu wu wu???

Ahhh, it was completely inhumane.

…

A few days later.

Shi Yu returned to the World King Planet again. As he was about to cause trouble, before he was done, the World Tree didn’t open the World King Planet passage to the people who passed the World Tournament. It planned to wait for this group of reckless people to finish.

Otherwise, it was worried that this group of newbies would have to withstand pressure that they shouldn’t withstand at this level as soon as they passed.

After returning to the World King Planet, the first thing Shi Yu did was to start the live broadcast.

Name of the live stream: “King of Gods Shi Yu is broadcasting a trip to witness the beautiful environment of the starry sky (dog head).”