Chapter 1575 - 1575 Blue Planet'S First Group Construction Event (2)

1575 Blue Planet’s First Group Construction Event (2)

“That’s good.” Emperor Shi was especially happy. After he was trapped in the ruins, his greatest obsession was that he couldn’t unify Blue Planet and only liberated the east. And now, the god who occupied the west had also been defeated by him. Emperor Shi’s only obsession now was to let Dong Huang walk out of Blue Planet.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Next, I hope we can cooperate with all our might,” Emperor Shi said. “Now, Blue Planet, a one-star super divine, should be an extraordinary faction in the starry sky of the universe, right?”

Adding up the super divines of the five divine races, Emperor Shi’s five super divines, and Blue Planet’s Will’s one super divine… One planet had 11 super divines.

However, it wasn’t just 11 super divines. As a Beast Tamer who reached transcendent 3, Emperor Shi was basically equivalent to 3 super divines.

This was equivalent to a single planet having 13 super divines. In addition… when considering Beast Shi Yu, whose body was super divine, Blue Planet could barely be said to be one planet with 14 super divines.

There was also Goddess Wa, whose level was unknown… If she was also a super divine, it would be one planet with 15 super divines.

In the entire universe, only the five cosmic-level factions could compare. The current Blue Planet could already openly announce that it was the sixth major faction in the universe.

At that moment, when they heard Emperor Shi’s words, the five super divines on Blue Planet were also stunned. They suddenly felt the horror of the current power of Blue Planet.

In the past, including them, although the Blue Planet had many super divines, they still lacked powerful super divine battle power. But now, the appearance of Emperor Shi completely broke this situation.

Emperor Shi, who was an expert in the time element, was definitely invincible among the super divine levels, apart from a few peak super divine monsters.

“Of course. Let’s work together and look down on everyone in the starry sky.” At this moment, the five super divines on Blue Planet could basically ensure that sometimes, with the emperor around, other invaders didn’t dare come to Blue Planet to snatch their meat to eat.

When a strong enemy came, sometimes, Emperor Shi would block it, but Emperor Shi was still so easy to talk to. Thinking of this, the five super divines on Blue Planet suddenly felt that it wasn’t a loss. They would just treat it like finding a bodyguard.

“Then, how about everyone follow me and descend to the Assassin Planet?” Emperor Shi said.

“Assassin Planet?” The Space Emperor said, “What’s wrong with Assassin Planet?”

Emperor Shi looked at Shi Yu, who said, “Not long ago, an assassin from the Assassin Planet appeared on Blue Planet and assassinated me. It’s all thanks to Emperor Shi appearing in time…”

“What?” The pupils of the five super divines on Blue Planet were constricted. They didn’t expect that someone would actually hire an assassin from Assassin Planet.

“This?!” Lin Feng was shocked. “Shi Yu, are you alright?”

Emperor Shi said, “He’s fine. Fortunately, I appeared. Otherwise, the fleeing assassin would have been chased and killed by him.”

Everyone: “?”

Emperor Shi said, “I’ve searched his memories. He’s an assassin ranked fourth on the Assassin Planet. His name is Dark Vortex. He was teleported to the vicinity of Blue Planet through a’magnetic path’ mystic technique. This is a mystic technique unique to the Assassin Planet. Only a few specific assassins can use it.”

Magnetic path…

This was a teleportation skill. It could give coordinates to a certain person and then teleport close to him, no matter where he was.

When cultivated to the extreme, one could even lock onto the other party’s location with a portable item abandoned by a person and teleport over a long distance. The further away the two parties were, the greater the consumption.

“Shi Yu, remember to take good care of your personal items,” the Space Emperor said. “It’s not a good thing to be targeted by the Assassin Planet.”

“On the Assassin Planet, there’s a Teleportation Master who has mastered a magnetic-element divine skill. He’s very terrifying. If you’re targeted by him, you won’t be able to escape, unless… you have absolute strength.”

Shi Yu said, “I understand. My disobedient pets must have thrown things around and been locked onto…”

In Shi Yu’s Beast Taming Space, his pets chattered.

It expressed that someone must have locked onto Baby Ginseng through the Cultivation Fruit and Reincarnation Fruit sold by Baby Ginseng and indirectly locked onto Shi Yu.

Baby Ginseng: “?”

“But there’s actually such a skill.” At this moment, Shi Yu suddenly wanted to destroy the Assassin Planet. Firstly, it was too dangerous. He kept feeling that someone could threaten him at any time. Secondly, this ability sounded too good.

“If you want to transport from the Assassin Planet to the vicinity of the Blue Planet, the distance is so far. You can’t even support it by consuming the financial resources of the Floating Realm. The person who wanted to assassinate you must have paid a huge price. Only the Four Holy Family has this financial resources,” the Space Emperor said.

“Everyone,” Sovereign Shi said. “So are you willing to follow me to destroy this Assassin Planet?”

“Next, the Blue Planet lineage will use this Assassin Planet to establish their might. It’s the most suitable. If anyone dares offend the Blue Planet lineage, how can the geniuses of Blue Planet dare wander freely in the starry sky of the cosmos in the future?” Emperor Shi said.

“Moreover, the culprit behind hiring them is the super divine group on the World King Planet, right? If I’m not wrong, wanting to launch a super divine battle on the World King Planet is a very testing matter of public opinion pressure, but if we can obtain decisive evidence that the other party wants to assassinate Shi Yu on the Assassin Planet, no matter what, it’s perfectly justified for us to attack them.”

“That makes sense, that makes sense…” The five super deities on Azure Sphere were numb. It wasn’t enough to provoke the Four Holy Family, they also had to provoke the Assassin Planet.

However, when he thought of how there were more than ten super deities on his side, there was only one super divine killer opposite him… What was there to be afraid of?

The most powerful aspects of the super divine of the Assassin Planet were Stealth, Assassination, and Evacuation. However, were these a problem in front of time-element super divines?

In fact, the Assassin Planet didn’t do just anyone’s business. If they hired the Assassin Planet to assassinate top-notch talents of the cosmic overlord army, the Assassin Planet would definitely offer a super high price to persuade the hirer to leave, because they couldn’t afford to offend the cosmic overlord army.