Chapter 1579 - Chapter 1579: Blue Planet’S Cultural Promotion Ambassador (3)

Chapter 1579: Blue Planet’s Cultural Promotion Ambassador (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

“After that, it will be hundreds of millions of years later. At this moment, Blue

Planet still hasn’t recovered to its peak. The god race that left has also completely lost contact with its mother planet. On the planet, the transcendent races and humans are on equal footing, competing for the few resources on Blue Planet.’

“On our side, the development time of humans is far inferior to that of transcendent races. Their strength system is also incomplete, and the growth environment is very arduous. They don’t know how to cultivate their second talent or how to carry out the divine contract. They experienced the totem era under the rule of transcendent creatures for a long time.”

In a few words, Shi Yu let the audience understand the general background of the Blue Planet’s Mythical Era and the totem era. Then, Shi Yu smiled and said, “Are you curious how I came to World King Planet in this context?” [Big boss, tell me!!] The comments flooded the screen.

“About 2,500 years ago, a Beast Tamer with very legendary colors was born among humans. His name was Emperor Shi, and he was the first to end the totem rule era in the east and establish a super empire mainly made up of humans called the Dong Huang Dynasty.”

“And I’m a Beast Tamer from this Dong Huang Nation, so after I became the King of Gods, I applied for a realm called the Dong Huang Realm. It’s considered a commemoration of my country.”

“In addition, the realm lord Wang Kong and the deputy realm lord Lin Feng of the Floating Realm whom everyone is familiar with are actually also from Blue Planet. They are also Beast Tamers from Dong Huang on Blue Planet.”

“Among them, the realm lord Wang Kong is the fifth emperor of the Dong

Huang Dynasty. The fourth Level 9 Beast Tamer is known as the Space

Emperor. As for the realm lord Lin Feng, he’s Dong Huangs seventh Level 9

Beast Tamer. Although everyone might sound very weak, a Level 9 Beast Tamer is actually a very impressive achievement on our Blue Planet. As for me, I’m the eighth Level 9 Beast Tamer in Dong Huang.”

“At that time, the upper limit of Blue Planet’s growth level was Level 9. It was impossible to break through to the divine level at all. And it was also extremely difficult to rely on Level 9 to wander in the starry sky. However, the realm lord Wang Kong and the realm lord Lin Feng were very lucky. They were the two Beast Tamers from Dong Huang who were lucky enough to come to the starry sky.”

“Next, everyone will definitely be familiar with their growth experience, right?

In the hundreds of years of wandering, they established the Floating Realm single-handedly and even had the battle record of joining forces to kill a super divine level. After obtaining such achievements, Wang Kong and Lin Feng, the realm lord, didn’t forget their hometown and kept trying to find their mother planet. In the end…”

“You called me here…

“When I was born, Wang Kong and the realm lord Lin Feng were no longer on Blue Planet. They were both legendary figures in my heart. I didn’t expect them to actually bring me to the starry sky one day… There are indeed more experts here than on Blue Planet. I like it very much.” Shi Yu explained Dong Huangs history with a smile. As for the audience, this was the first time they knew so much information about Blue Planet. They couldn’t believe it.

Wang Kong and Lin Feng, who had joined forces to assassinate a super divine level, actually came from a planet with restrictions that couldn’t break through the divine level?

Shi Yu, the King of Gods who crushed the geniuses of all races in the universe, was also a Beast Tamer who grew up on such a small planet?

Although the history Shi Yu mentioned was very real, it gave the audience a ridiculous feeling. They couldn’t imagine that an intermediate planet that had fallen to a low-level planet could give birth to such a genius.

[The fifth Level 9 Beast Tamer, the seventh Level 9 Beast Tamer, joined forces to assassinate a super divine. The eighth Level 9 Beast Tamer even obtained the King of Gods and became the strongest quasi-divine in the starry sky… The value of the Level 9 Beast Tamers in this country on this planet is so high!]

[Why do I feel that the content of the Level 9 Beast Tamer Shi Yu mentioned isn’t much different from the super divine level…]

[l wonder how the talent potential of the other Level 9 Beast Tamers is. It sounds more like the environment of Blue Planet restricts them. If they were placed on World King Planet, wouldn’t they all be as valiant as Wang Kong, Lin Feng, and the realm lord Shi Yu?]

[Probably not. The lifespan of humans on low-level planets is very short and can’t last long. Didn’t you hear Shi Yu say that Wang Kong and Lin Feng, the realm lords, also came to the starry sky by chance? The other Level 9 Beast Tamers have most likely died of old age… Otherwise, they would have died in battle. The transcendent races and humans on Blue Planet seem to be even more serious than the races in the starry sky on the World King Planet.]

For the next few days, Shi Yu promoted the culture of Blue Planet. Not only Dong Huang, but even other countries helped promote it.

It allowed the races in the starry sky to have a clearer understanding of the Blue Planet.

After some introduction. the feeling Blue Planet gave to the various races in

the starry sky was that although Blue Planet was small, its various experiences and culture weren’t inferior to those high-level planets’. The quality of the geniuses born was also terrifyingly high.

This was actually the first time the myriad of races in the starry sky understood the Blue Planet. Although the gods of Blue Planet in the Mythical Era had come to the Cosmic Sea early, that was hundreds of millions of years ago. Even among the five divine races of the Dong Xuan and Heavenly Demon Realms, apart from their own top experts, very few people knew where their mother planet was. After all, the five divine races had long taken root on the World King Planet.

The five divine races, Wang Kong, and Lin Feng had never deliberately

promoted Blue Planet at all. Therefore, this was the first time Shi Yu had

displayed the Blue Planet in front of all the races in the starry sky with the

influence of the King of Gods.

If it were in the past, this would actually be bad. It would cause Blue Planet to

be coveted by many factions and bring unknown risks. However, now that

Blue Planet’s power was enough to protect itself, it still had to start trading

with the various races in the starry sky to develop the planet. There was no

need to hide anymore..