Chapter 1573 - 1573 Emperor Shi Appears (4)

1573 Emperor Shi Appears (4)

“How is it?” Emperor Shi waved his hand, and his black robe fluttered. He stared at the five super divine beings with spirit in his eyes and said extremely confidently.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Under the heavens, all was the emperor’s land, and within the four seas, all were the emperor’s subjects. At this moment, the emperor earnestly observed the five super divines.

Although he liked to kill, that was against his enemy. As long as it was one of his own, he wouldn’t be stingy.

“Are you crazy?”

“Wang Kong, Lin Feng, Shi Yu, what do you mean? Where did you find this strange person?”

“Can we stop fooling around?”

The five super divines of Blue Planet weren’t in a good mood, but in the next moment, their expressions were slightly stunned.

A sea of stars phenomenon appeared in the sky behind Emperor Shi. Three sun-like sources of transcendence slowly rose from the sea of stars. As the three sources of transcendence rose, four summoning arrays of the color of the starry sky appeared around Emperor Shi.

Behind him, a black divine dragon slowly appeared. It seemed to have crossed endless space and time. When it appeared, a dazzling sun-like source of transcendence rose on the sea of stars-like summoning array.

“Roar!!!” The black dragon rose into the sky, and time seemed to have stopped.

Then, it was a transparent fish that seemed to have swam out of the river of time. Its image was strange and mysterious. It appeared and disappeared from time to time. Right on the heels of that, a time ferocious beast more than ten feet long with eyes like copper bells came and went like the wind. It was very difficult to find an accurate prototype of the animal world. It looked like a beast but wasn’t. It was like the embodiment of a natural disaster as it slowly walked out.

One on the left and one on the right, accompanying Emperor Shi.

In the end, a sword that lingered with the power of time was pulled out of the summoning array in front of him by Emperor Shi. Every item summoned by Emperor Shi appeared accompanied by the source of transcendence phenomenon. Including itself, it was at transcendent 7. Such a scene instantly shocked the five super divine beings on Blue Planet.

“One, two, three, four… Four super divine beasts that have transcended once.”

“One, two, three… A super divine level Beast Tamer who has transcended three times. This, this is impossible!!”

“Who exactly are you?” The five Blue Planet super divines took a step back and looked at Emperor Shi in shock.

In front of him, there were a total of five superdivine individuals, which meant that the Beast Tamer in front of him had obtained at least five sources of transcendence!!

Moreover, the most terrifying thing was that this Beast Tamer had actually transcended three times.

After a super divine level life form refined a source of transcendence, every time its life level increased, its source of transcendence would automatically replicate a copy. According to the number of transcendence sources, it could be seen that the superdivine life form had transcended a few times. This also directly represented strength.

For Beast Tamers, transcendent a few times meant how much strength they could strengthen their pets. A Beast Tamer who had transcended once could strengthen one of his sources of transcendence on his pets and let them obtain the strength of a super divine beast. If there were many pets, Beast Tamers could freely choose which pet to strengthen to the super divine level.

The current Emperor Shi had already reached transcendent 3, which meant that he could attach his three sources of transcendence to a certain pet at any time, allowing it to have the strength at the transcendent 4.

If he had other pets that had reached the top-notch divine level, he could also temporarily strengthen three more pets that transcended more than once. Including the four in front of him, there were a total of seven super divine beasts!

Seeing Emperor Shi’s ridiculous configuration, the five super divines of Blue Planet were immediately stunned. They didn’t understand where this person came from.

The most terrifying thing was that this person… including himself, every life form flowed with strong time power.

This Beast Tamer must be an expert in the time element. These pets must also be time-element life forms. Realizing this, the five super divine gods on Blue Planet were even more shocked. This was because the battle power of the time element was generally one level higher than other elements. Only then would it match the powerful and mysterious characteristics of the time element.

Terrifying. In their opinion, the person in front of them was a great terror and was extremely terrifying.

“I… am considered the founder of the Dong Huang Dynasty.”

“You haven’t answered me. What do you think of my suggestion just now?”

Seeing that the five super divines were shocked into silence for a long time, Emperor Shi frowned and waved the sword in his hand. The time-space here seemed to have been divided from Blue Planet and entered another world.

Emperor Kong and Lin Feng looked at this scene in a daze. They watched as the five super divines of Blue Planet, Emperor Shi, and the others disappeared from under their noses.

“Gulp.” At this moment, this was the first time the Space Emperor and Lin Feng realized that Emperor Shi had the four super divine beasts and had even reached the realm of transcendent 3.

They originally thought that Emperor Shi was already strong enough as an ordinary time-element super divine. At least, he could let Dong Huang stand firm under the pressure of the five super divines and get a share of the source of transcendence. This was enough, but they didn’t expect Emperor Shi to directly display the strength to fight the five super divines alone!

“Unbelievable,” Lin Feng said.

Emperor Kong said, “Senior Emperor Shi, this… what ridiculous level is this?”

Shi Yu shrugged and said, “How would I know? It’s alright.”

Shi Yu estimated that it would take a long time for him to surpass Emperor Shi at this level. However, the stronger Emperor Shi was now, the more comfortable his development would be. Not bad.

“It’s impossible to find.” At this moment, Blue Planet’s Will actually didn’t want to see internal strife, but it also knew that if they didn’t fight, there would definitely be people who were dissatisfied with Blue Planet’s resources, no matter how they divided them.

However, to Blue Planet’s surprise, Emperor Shi’s ability was so strong that he could actually cut through space and time alone, making the aftermath of a super divine level battle completely unable to affect Blue Planet.

What power…

In another time space.

The five super divines looked at the surrounding environment in panic. Then, they looked at Emperor Shi in front of them and said, “What exactly are your intentions? We… don’t want to fight you.”

“If you don’t fight, how can you admit defeat?” Emperor Shi shook his head.

As Shi Yu had said, these five super divines… needed to be guided.

Otherwise, they couldn’t display all their super divine level and strength at all.

“…” The five super divines cursed in their hearts. This was equivalent to seven super divines in single body, and they were all time-element. What was the point of fighting?

The quintuple super divines understood that they couldn’t defeat it even if they thought about it.

This person was ridiculous. Initially, they thought that the Space Emperor and Lin Feng of Blue Planet were already monsters, but they didn’t expect Shi Yu to appear later. They originally thought that Shi Yu might be the majority talented human on the Blue Planet, but where did this guy named Emperor Shi come from?

He was so powerful that even if they joined forces, they were a little afraid.

They had fallen into a trap!

The quintuple super divines were sad. They immediately understood the intention of the Space Emperor to discuss with them the power of their race to divide the resources.

It turned out that there was still a super expert waiting here for the Dong Huang humans.

But the previous Blue Planet was clearly in the Cultivationless Age. They had also been watching the teleportation array. Where did this monster super divine come from? This didn’t make sense!

In short, although they didn’t know where Emperor Shi came from, they understood that it wasn’t that easy to obtain Blue Planet’s resources.

“Fight me. Whether you win or lose, you can obtain the source of transcendence,” Emperor Shi said.

However, the more Emperor Shi said this, the more panicked and afraid the quintuple super divines became. They felt that this strange person was completely confident of victory.

“Let’s go! We can’t give up because of this, right!!” The super divine of the Demon Race said, “I didn’t expect the five of us to have a chance to join forces again.”

It was the first to attack. The phantom of the source of transcendence, which was like the sun, rose behind it. The demon claw crossed space, and its battle power was fully released. The demon claw emerged from behind Emperor Shi and proceeded straight for its heart, but in an instant, it touched the phantom as if it had been emptied.

“Are you… sure we’re on the same timeline now?” Emperor Shi said. Under the incredulous gaze of the super divine of the Demon Race, under the constricted pupils of the other quartet super divines, he attacked!

Boom!!!

The timeline flux instantly swallowed everyone.