Chapter 1571 - 1571 Emperor Shi Appears (2)

1571 Emperor Shi Appears (2)

At the same time, it would at most affect elemental transcendent lives in natural environments… During this period, countless wind element sprites, grass element sprites, and water element sprites were born.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

There were also elemental life forms of stronger races that had awakened in various parts of the world. They were new lives born after Blue Planet broke through.

At this moment, the experts could clearly sense the changes on Blue Planet. Even ordinary people felt like they had inhaled some miracle medicine when they breathed, making their bodies especially comfortable. The little pain and illness in their bodies slowly disappeared.

“Great.” At that moment, in a certain mystic realm, the 10,000 divine-level experts who had been pulled over by the five divine races to work also stopped feeding Blue Planet.

They originally thought that they would have to work here for several years or decades before returning home, but no one expected Blue Planet’s aptitude to be so terrifying. Not long after recovering from the Cultivationless Age’s peak, it successfully broke through with help.

There weren’t many high-level life planets in the entire universe. There wouldn’t be more than 100.

And now, Blue Planet had undoubtedly become a super big boss.

And with such work experience, their resumes would be much better. Divine-level workers hugged and cried!

“From today onwards, I am a super divine planet.” In the sky of Blue Planet and Inatella’s teleportation array, Blue Planet’s Will condensed. The incarnation of Blue Planet’s Will that Shi Yu had seen previously appeared and descended again.

As she appeared, the permanent teleportation array began to fluctuate frequently.

The five super divines of Blue Planet who had turned into humanoid forms returned to Blue Planet and looked at Blue Planet’s Will.

“Is this Mother Goddess?” This was the first time the five super divines of Blue Planet had returned to Blue Planet. They stared at the shining Blue Planet’s Will and felt that the divine power fluctuations on Blue Planet’s Will definitely far exceeded theirs.

If he really fought with a super divine level and fought locally, he would probably have strength above three.

At this moment, countless stars shone in the starry sky of Blue Planet, as if they were celebrating Blue Planet’s advancement. Even the light of the sun seemed to be dimmed by Blue Planet, but there was an even stronger power of sunlight flowing to Blue Planet, as if the sun was offering its strength to congratulate Blue Planet.

Starlight flowed, and the sun and moon shone together. The Blue Planet’s Will stood in the sky, and one, two, three… A total of 81 mysterious substances that flickered weakly lingered around her.

Seeing these mysterious substances, the five super divines on Blue Planet were extremely excited. Their hearts thumped, and their voices were almost hoarse.

Pseudo source of transcendence!

There were a total of 81. Just as it advanced, 81 pseudo sources of transcendence were born. This was also extremely rare in the starry sky of the universe. No, or rather, it had never happened.

Blue Planet’s aptitude was even higher than the five super divines on Blue Planet imagined.

They only felt that they didn’t carry out Blue Planet’s breakthrough plan for nothing at all. This time, they had made a killing.

If these resources were given to them… their strength would have made huge progress. It would be conservative to even exceed 2!

However, although he was tempted, the five super divine beings on Blue Planet didn’t rashly take it.

They all sensed the power of their home planet. In any case, these things were ultimately theirs, so there was no hurry. After all, this thing was useless to planetary life.

In the universe, a source of transcendence would automatically be created every once in a while. This was the key to advancing from divine to super divine!

As for planetary life forms, they were the only race that could directly absorb the origin of the universe to advance to super divine without using the source of transcendence. After they advanced, they had the ability to transform the origin of the universe into a pseudo source of transcendence.

The pseudo source of transcendence was useless to the planetary life form itself. It was a remnant product of cultivation, but for other super divine life forms, it was a key cultivation resource.

Apart from self-cultivation, the fastest way for super divine tier life forms to advance was to rely on the pseudo source of transcendence to strengthen the transcendence source that they had already absorbed and then undergo second and third transcendences… They would constantly become stronger. It could be uttered that this was the most efficient cultivation resource for super divine levels.

“Mother Goddess, kudos on breaking through.” The five super divines on Blue Planet immediately sent congratulations.

At this moment, Blue Planet also looked in the direction of the five super divines, the Space Emperor, and Lin Feng.

“It’s all thanks to you that I can break through. Next, I’ll feedback to everyone with my current strength,” Blue Planet said.

The five super divines on Blue Planet were overjoyed.

Wasn’t this what he was waiting for?

Next, Blue Planet chose the most useless resource, the pseudo source of transcendence.

Planetary life forms were actually equivalent to producers in the universe. This should be the best thing planetary life forms could produce.

In the World King Planet, one of the reward mechanisms of the World King Planet also had a pseudo source of transcendence, but it basically needed to rely on battle merits to obtain it. The five super divines of Blue Planet who had never been to the battlefield naturally had never obtained it.

Their idea was that if the enemy exploded the real source of transcendence for the sake of the fake source of transcendence, wouldn’t that be a huge loss?

But now, they finally didn’t have to rely on the World King Planet. As long as they joined their mother planet, they had everything they wanted.

Although Blue Planet didn’t produce as much pseudo source of transcendence as World King Planet, Blue Planet cultivated even fewer lives.

“Thank you, Mother Goddess, but I wonder how you scheme to distribute the source of transcendence?” The dragon super divine took a step forward and asked.

Blue Planet looked at the dragon super divine and said, “According to the distribution of merits, Shi Yu, Wang Kong, Lin Feng, and the five of you have contributed the most to my advancement. The source of transcendence should be distributed to everyone according to merits.”