Chapter 1588 - 1588 Predicting Loneliness (1)

1588 Predicting Loneliness (1)

Two days later, following the coordinates left behind by Shi Yu, countless factions arrived at the Assassin Planet Realm and saw the blood-stained starry sky and the desolate Assassin Planet.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Spaceships and cosmic battleships of large factions landed on Assassin Planet. The people who walked down looked at the environment of this star in silence.

A certain crew member of the cosmic overlord army with the pirate flag immediately cried.

“B*stard, you didn’t even leave a Level 1 energy crystal behind?”

“The energy mineral veins of the Assassin Planet have also been completely drained??”

“Even this planet is about to explode in a few months.”

“Why is Blue Planet even more ruthless than our cosmic pirates?”

“Damn it, I originally wanted to come over as soon as possible and see if I could pick up some trash and spoils of war. With the richness of the Assassinate Planet, any thing I threw was worth the cost of this voyage, but… how did I do it without leaving anything? Who can tell me?”

“The resources are gone. There’s not even a corpse to be seen. There’s only blood. They didn’t even let the dead go.”

The current situation of the Assassin Planet Realm made the men and women who arrived cry.

“A super divine battle once happened here. The time flow in this star domain is still a little different from the outside world. This is the change in the laws after the super divine battle.”

There were also super divine-level experts who came to the Assassin Realm. They were all super divines who had enmity with the Assassin Planet. At this moment, when they saw the destruction of the Assassin Planet, their feelings were extremely complicated.

There were also super divine-level experts who came to the Assassin Realm. They were all super divines who had enmity with the Assassin Planet. At this moment, when they saw the destruction of the Assassin Planet, their feelings were extremely complicated.

“Although you ignored my reward question and committed a heinous crime, I’ll remember this favor.”

“Also…”

Many experts looked at the current situation of the Assassin Planet Realm and felt a sense of horror. This should be the result of the battle between that human super divine named Emperor Shi and Siphane.

The battle of overlords could change the natural environment of an area, and the battle of super divines was even enough to change the laws of a star domain. The laws of this star domain were clearly changed and affected by the power of super divines. He didn’t know how long it would take to recover.

“No one survived the Assassin Planet.”

Soon, the news of the Assassin Planet spread throughout the Cosmic Sea, making the World King Planet and countless planetary factions in the Cosmic Sea know about Blue Planet and the horror of Dong Huang’s bloodline.

On World King Planet, as Shi Yu cut off the live broadcast, there was no rest.

Countless realms were looking forward to when Shi Yu found out who wanted to assassinate him.

If Shi Yu continued to seek revenge, there would probably be another storm of blood!

In this boring era, no one didn’t like to see blood flow like rivers.

And when such a thing happened, there was no lack of fanning the flames.

The Exposing King appeared again and expressed that the one who contacted the Assassin Planet to assassinate Shi Yu was definitely the Four Holy Family.

“The Four Holy Family and the Assassin Planet have a long-

term cooperation. The Four Holy Family requested the Assassin Planet to assassinate countless Four Holy Evolvers with super divine aptitude. The Four Holy Family offended the Blue Planet… It’s over.”

The Exposure King’s fanning the flames caused the Four Holy Family furious again.

“Bullsh*t!!!” The Four Holy Family jointly appeared and announced that this matter undoubtedly had nothing to do with the Four Holy Family. They additionally increased the arrest warrant for the Exposing King.

At this moment, on the battleship that returned to Back World King Planet, Shi Yu and the others were discussing how to deal with the Four Holy Family.

In fact, just thinking about it, Shi Yu and the others could lock onto the Four Holy Family.

Moreover, it had been proven again on Siphane.

In the pursuit, Siphane kept giving in, saying that Assassin Planet only took the order because they were under the pressure of the Four Holy Family and had no choice. They were just paid to do it. There was no irreconcilable conflict between them.

Of course, Emperor Shi naturally didn’t listen to these words. Things enjoy killer organizations existed before and after the establishment of the Dong Huang Dynasty. They were all uprooted by him.

He couldn’t stand this kind of rat living in the shadows and chasing benefits the most. If the Four Holy Family chose to send a genius of the same level in the race to openly challenge Shi Yu, even if it was with the goal of killing Shi Yu, he would still think highly of the Four Holy Family.

“Forget it, forget it.”

“I think it’s not appropriate to fall out with the Four Holy Family now,” Shi Yu said. “The Green Dragon super divine is at transcendent 6, and the other three Four Saints are additionally above transcendent 4. If they want to fight, they will undoubtedly fight four at the same time. Moreover, they also have their own allies.”

“On our side, there’s only one big boss, Senior Emperor Shi. The pressure is too great. Even if we succeed, we will suffer heavy losses.”

“After all, Floating, Dong Huang, Dong Xuan, and the Heavenly Demon Realm are all on World King Planet. It’s easy for us to attack, but it’s difficult to defend.”

“I agree. Wang Kong has just advanced and still needs to adapt to the power of the super divine. It’s not suitable to fight such a strong enemy immediately…” The five super divines nodded.

The Four Holy Family was incomparable to the Assassin Planet. The Assassin Planet wasn’t a faction on the World King Planet. So be it if it was destroyed, but the Four Holy Family was a large faction that crossed hundreds of realms. If one couldn’t destroy them quickly, the impact was too great.

“Senior Emperor Shi, let’s put aside the matter of the Four Holy Family first. After this battle, they undoubtedly won’t dare to play any cheap shots or tricks,” Shi Yu said. “Actually, in essence, this is still my own business. When I become stronger, even if it’s not for the revenge of this assassination, for the path of my Green Dragon pet and the others, I’ll finally fight the Four Holy Family.”