Chapter 1580 - 1580 Blue Planet'S Cultural Promotion Ambassador (4)

1580 Blue Planet’s Cultural Promotion Ambassador (4)

[Speaking of which, it’s been so long, why haven’t any assassins come to assassinate him…]

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

[Yes, yes, I’ve waited so long.]

[The cost of this live broadcast can probably raise 10 top-notch divine races from young. Such a big live broadcast, but no assassins came. What a disappointment.]

[It’s not a loss. Didn’t you see the many gifts? The Blue Planet story will still be good. Many big bosses of film companies want to cooperate to film Blue Planet movies.]

In the past few days, the battleship Shi Yu was on had stopped and rested on several planets. It had also experienced several interstellar teleportations.

However, not to mention an assassin, they didn’t even see a single killer.

“It’s alright,” Shi Yu said calmly as he looked at the pile of comments.

As Shi Yu finished speaking, on the live broadcast screen, a star domain enveloped in a dark blue mist appeared in front of the battleship. The shape of the mist was like a deep sea shark in the cosmic sea.

“Where is this? Where in the Cosmic Sea…” Seeing this star domain, many spectators were stunned, indicating that they had never seen it before.

Many second-generation heirs took the video to look for their elders, but they obtained the same answer from the elders with rich experience traveling in the sea of stars. They didn’t know this place.

[Could it be some ruin?]

[Don’t go. It might be dangerous.]

[Go in and take a look. You’ve been rewarded.] Many comments flashed. Shi Yu had already arrived outside the battleship. He stood on the battleship and looked at the Assassin Planet Realm in front of him.

“I know where this is.” Shi Yu looked at the Assassin Planet Realm and said, “Have you heard of the ‘Assassin Planet’?”

When Shi Yu finished speaking, the audience was stunned.

Everyone had naturally heard of this place, the Assassin Planet. After all, it was the number one assassin organization in the universe.

Even those who had never heard of it quickly knew under the knowledge of those who knew.

So… this was the Assassin Planet? What a joke!

In less than a minute, a bloody comment appeared in Shi Yu’s livestream.

[Realm Lord Shi Yu, I’m the realm lord of the Holy Flame Realm. Please give me your current coordinates. I’ll definitely reward you heavily!]

The comments appeared, and many spectators were shocked. The Holy Flame Realm was a first-level realm. The realm lord was a super divine-level expert, and the reason why he wanted to know the location of the Assassin Planet was because his beloved disciple died from being assassinated by the Assassin Planet.

However, despite his aggro, the Holy Flame Realm’s realm lord couldn’t find the location of the Assassin Planet.

Of course, even if they found it, it was useless. It wasn’t that the Assassin Planet had never been taken revenge on, but as long as the super divine killer, Siphane, didn’t die, the Assassin Planet would be an eternal existence, and there were very few people who could kill Siphane.

No one expected that during Shi Yu’s trip, he “accidentally” entered the secretive Assassin Planet Realm that was constantly on the move.

“It should be here. I’ve finally found it.” Shi Yu stood on the battleship and said, “It’s actually a pity that no assassins took the initiative to come over. I’ve clearly given them a chance.”

“In that case, in order to vent the dissatisfaction in my heart, I’ve decided to take revenge on the organization of the assassin who tried to eliminate me last time.”

Shi Yu’s words stunned the audience. In the next moment, Shi Yu pulled out a corpse and threw it into the air.

“Ranked fourth among assassins in the Assassin Planet, the Dark Vortex.”

“This is the killer who tried to assassinate me last time. It should be an assassin from Assassin Planet…”

Looking at the assassin hanging in the starry sky, the audience was stunned. They didn’t know if this person was an assassin from Assassin Planet. They were stunned that Shi Yu’s goal this time was actually to take revenge on the group where the assassin was!

Moreover, this organization was the number one assassination faction in the universe, Assassin Planet!

[Wait a minute, didn’t Shi Yu say that the killer escaped after failing the assassination?? So the assassin didn’t escape?]

[I remember that no matter the ranking, the assassins of the Assassin Planet were cultivated by that legendary assassin. They won’t be captured alive at all, and they can’t reveal any information about the Assassin Planet at all. Even their memories can’t be spied on… How did Shi Yu find the site of the Assassin Planet through it!!]

No one expected Shi Yu to have such a wild path. After the Assassin Planet tried to eliminate him, he came all the way to the other party’s headquarters. This was something many super divine factions couldn’t do.

According to the battle outside the Four Holy Ruins last time, everyone already knew that Shi Yu was fearless, but they didn’t expect him to be so bold. They still underestimated him. He had actually come to the territory of a powerful super divine faction that stood in the starry sky.

This was different from World King Planet, where there were only bloody forest laws.

For a moment, the Environmental Protection Association, the 177th Fleet, Zi Jian’s special forces, and the Four Holy Family… In conclusion, on the World King Planet, many factions were shocked.

They watched as Shi Yu’s battleship drove into the Assassin Planet Realm and arrived outside the Assassin Planet. That was indeed the Assassin Planet. Then, as everyone swallowed their saliva…

The cosmic battleship Ling launched an attack!!!

On the real-time broadcast, there were six main cannons at the bow of the ship, two large-caliber starry sky cannons, and four secondary cannons on each side of the ship. Colorful light flashed in unison…

Starry Sky Storm compression cannon!!!

Boom!!!

The dazzling starry skylight turned into countless incomparably thick pillars of light that penetrated the universe, targeting the Assassin Planet in front.

In the next moment, huge fluctuations rose inside the Assassin Planet. Like gorgeous fireworks, waves of aftermath appeared. Many assassins who stayed behind to guard the Assassin Planet blocked the strike outside the planet. Inside the planet, in the depths of the mystic realm, a terrifying existence suddenly opened its eyes, revealing killing intent that covered a star area.