Chapter 1581 - Chapter 1581: One Planet, Ten Super Divines (1)

Chapter 1581: One Planet, Ten Super Divines (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

The interior of the Assassin Planet trembled from top to bottom. Before being attacked, no outsiders were discovered.

Many spectators in the livestream were also shocked. They didn’t expect Shi Yu to directly start a strong battle with the Assassin Planet without any scruples.

In fact, even some factions whose people had been assassinated by the Assassin Planet didn’t dare openly fall out with the Assassin Planet.

After all, the assassins of the Assassin Planet came and went without a trace. If anyone offended them to death and was targeted by them, it would be an endless stream of assassinations. Even if a super divine expert wasn’t afraid, he had to think about his family and friends.

This obscure threat was the foundation of the various factions’ fear of the Assassin Planet. However, at this moment, Shi Yu charged at the Assassin Planet without any fear. It was moving.

“Is he crazy?

Under the exclamations of countless spectators, the entire Assassin Planet Realm was filled with terrifying mental pressure. Thousands of black dots came out of the Assassin Planet.

The nearly 10,000 divine-level assassins guarding the Assassin Planet turned into an army of assassins and charged out of the Assassin Planet together, wanting to see which overconfident guy had found the Assassin Planet.

However, when these assassins saw the corpse hanging in the starry sky, their

pupils constricted.

“The fourth-ranked assassin, the Dark Vortex.’

Then, they looked at Shi Yu, who was protected by Eleven, Chi Tong, Buggy, and the ginseng emperor…

At the same time that it was the strongest assassin organization, the Assassin Planet was also a powerful intelligence organization. Shi Yu’s information was naturally not unfamiliar.

The invader was actually the new King of Gods on the World King Planet??

“Siphane, come out.” In the face of the appearance of many assassins, Shi Yu stood on the battleship calmly.

“This person is an assassin from your Assassin Planet, right? Be good and come over to claim it. Tell me who hired you to assassinate me. I can consider sparing your life.”

“Don’t blame me for not giving you a chance. I’ll only count to three.”

Countless spectators looked at this scene in a daze. They didn’t understand where Shi Yu’s courage came from.

As Shi Yu spoke, dozens of assassins from the Assassin Planet wanted to attack and kill Shi Yu to end this farce. However, at this moment, the star domain trembled, and a huge head completely formed by killing intent condensed in the starry sky.

Its purple hair was messy, and when its blood-colored cross eyes opened, the entire starry sky was about to be torn apart by killing intent. It was divided into two distinct domains, separating the Assassin Planet and Shi Yu, reversing the two worlds.

“Star Lord…” Seeing this huge head appear, countless assassins stopped moving. Their bodies trembled. They sensed the shocking killing intent of Siphane’s super divine and felt that Shi Yu would definitely die without an intact corpse. If he alarmed Siphane, it meant that he had already said goodbye to his life.

[That’s… the owner of the Assassin Planet?] Seeing Siphane’s super divine appearance, countless spectators really didn’t understand why Shi Yu wanted to provoke the Assassin Planet. This was simply courting death.

A super divine faction… wasn’t that easy to provoke.

However, to everyone’s surprise, this number one killer in the universe didn’t attack directly. It only stared at Shi Yu with a murderous aura.

“Why are you so suicidal? Do you think those five guys are enough to shake my Assassin Planet?”

“My Assassin Planet wants to kill you. You can’t stop it with just their strengths!”

Siphane’s voice resounded through the starry sky. When the Four Holy super divines far away on the World King Planet saw this, they also laughed until the world trembled. They couldn’t imagine that there was actually a stupid person like Shi Yu.

He actuallv took the initiative to find the Assassin Planet. Was he courting death?

What could the five super divines of Dong Xuan and the Heavenly Demon Realms do?

If it weren’t for the fact that they were wary of public opinion on the World King Planet, the four of them could easily kill the five super divines on Blue Planet with their combined strength.

Although Siphane’s strength was inferior to theirs, its assassination skills were first-rate. After being targeted by Siphane, those five super divines couldn’t protect Shi Yu!

“I’m finally out.” Shi Yu stared at the huge head of killing intent excitedly and said, “Actually, I didn’t want to find trouble with you either, but after the failed assassination, the elders in my family were unhappy.”

“A mere ant is qualified to be unhappy?” Under the voice of the head, which was filled with killing intent, it directly attacked the entire starry sky battleship. The killing intent of the entire star field gathered, and a blood spear that was enough to penetrate the planet penetrated the nebula and penetrated the starry sky battleship! !

“Your path is narrow. We could have had a good talk.” Shi Yu didn’t react to the killing intent. He said easily, “You’re on your own.”

“We’ll know next if Blue Planet or your Assassin Planet is the ant.”

Crack!

Just as everyone’s hearts were beating faster as Shi Yu and the Assassin Planet collided, five terrifying black cracks tore open in the sky.

Accompanied by the wail of the starry sky, five sun-like sources of transcendence rose into the sea of stars. Five huge figures descended from the crack.

“You’re the one… who wants to kill the genius of my Blue Planet?”

“A rat in the sewer dares to show its head and shout?”

“You’re a frog in a well. You’re very bold.”

The five super divine beings of Blue Planet, the super divine dragon, the super divine Phoenix, the super divine Kirin, the super divine angel, and the super divine demon, descended together. A total of five super divine beings descended. Although they were all super divine beasts that had only transcended once, they still instantly shocked many assassins and many spectators.

They blocked in front of the blood-colored spear. The power of a super divine emitted, and the light of the sun instantly shattered the attack. One by one, they stared at the number one killer in the universe domineeringly, and their killing intent erupted!