Chapter 1587 - 1587 Who Should I Give The New Source Of Transcendence To (4)

1587 Who Should I Give the New Source of Transcendence to (4)

In addition, Shi Yu felt that what Emperor Shi said seemed to make sense. He had once tried to constantly add points to his pets to prevent them from fusing with the source of transcendence and seeing where their limits were.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

If Senior Emperor Shi’s guess made sense, then rashly breaking through might cause him to be unable to advance to the cosmic level for the rest of his life. Shi Yu suddenly wanted to figure out the conditions for advancement to the cosmic level before planning to break through. Otherwise, he would probably regret it for the rest of his life.

“Don’t look at me.” Realizing that everyone was looking at him and the Space Emperor, Lin Feng waved his hand and said, “No one really wants it. Why don’t we give it to Senior Wang Kong?”

“Back then, Senior Wang Kong and I went to hunt super divines together. We had an agreement. If the source of transcendence is revealed, Senior Wang Kong will use it first. When Senior Wang Kong surpasses it, I’ll work hard on the battlefield until a source of transcendence is revealed to me…”

“Haha, unfortunately, it didn’t drop at that time.”

The Space Emperor was a little speechless. Back then, he and Lin Feng indeed had this agreement.

“Wang Kong, you’ve been at the peak of the divine level for hundreds of years. This source of transcendence can allow you to take another step forward. Next, I might not stay on Blue Planet at all times and stay in Dong Huang. I’ll search for the truth of the universe level, but Blue Planet and Dong Huang also need a human super divine being to protect them. Are you willing to take on this source of transcendence and take on the responsibility of protecting Blue Planet and Guardian Dong Huang?”

Emperor Shi asked Emperor Kong.

“In that case, I’ll accept it respectfully.” The Space Emperor cupped his fists and said, “After I advance to the super divine level, I’ll definitely devote all my life’s effort to Dong Huang’s development. I’m here, Dong Huang is here.”

“Hahaha, good, you’re indeed the best candidate.” Emperor Shi said, “Your spatial talent is even above mine. You also look much more honest than that Lin Feng and Shi Yu.”

“If we let them advance to the super divine level early, they will probably only go around making enemies for Dong Huang and Blue Planet. And now, what Blue Planet lacks is time and space for development. After you advance to the super divine level, you can help Blue Planet establish interstellar teleportation arrays that connect more places. You can also create more cultivation resources to allow Dong Huang to develop faster.”

“Ah.” Lin Feng was shocked. He didn’t know why he was on the same level as Shi Yu in Senior Emperor Shi’s heart.

What a joke. He had worked hard on World King Planet for hundreds of years, but he didn’t cause as much trouble as Shi Yu in a year!!

“Yes, if you want to become rich, you have to build roads first. After Senior Space Emperor advances to the super divine level, you can build many roads. Just the main path of the permanent teleportation array isn’t enough. You also need a lot of branches. In addition, the cultivation resources of the geniuses on Blue Planet shouldn’t be lacking.” Shi Yu was amused.

Back then, the characteristic of the Space Emperor Army was that the average level of the soldiers was the highest among the various dynasties. The number of legendary Beast Tamers during the Space Emperor Era was also the highest in the previous generations before the Mythical Revival.

Even in the modern era, it couldn’t compare to that time.

This was all because the Space Emperor could produce many resources to accelerate the cultivation speed of the Beast Taming Space… And if the Space Emperor reached the super divine level, he would clearly evolve into an even more powerful resource tycoon. Perhaps he could even nurture peak-level divine-level Beast Tamers in batches.

“Alright.” At this moment, the Space Emperor smiled bitterly. Being willing to accept this important quest was clearly nothing compared to the opportunity to advance to super divine.

“In that case, I’ll leave the source of transcendence to you,” Emperor Shi said. He threw the source of transcendence at the Space Emperor, and the five super divines on the Blue Planet became more and more envious. At the same time, their expressions turned bitter.

The Space Emperor was already fierce enough at the peak of the divine level. If he advanced to the super divine level, what would happen? In the first place, the five divine races on Blue Planet were no match for humans. Now that the Space Emperor had advanced, the main race on Blue Planet was clearly humans.

Dong Huang’s Space-Time emperors were both the most valiant attributes. No matter how he thought about it, the development of the human race was already unstoppable.

“Thank you, everyone.” At this moment, after taking the source of transcendence, the Space Emperor was also filled with emotions. He first looked at Emperor Shi and said, “Senior Emperor Shi, I will continue to protect Dong Huang’s foundation and let Dong Huang’s name resound through the starry sky.”

“Lin Feng, our agreement is still there. One day, I’ll definitely obtain a source of transcendence for you.”

“Shi…”

“Senior Space Emperor, don’t stand on ceremony. You have a true source of transcendence now. You have those fake sources of transcendence on Blue Planet. Why don’t you give it to me?” Shi Yu chuckled and said, “I really developed something the last time I took one.”

Beast Feng Yu could become stronger by eating fake sources of transcendence. Then, next, he would definitely not refuse this resource.

Senior Space Emperor laughed and said, “No problem.”

“And Teacher Tu Na and Teacher Ying, thank you too. If not for the support of your skills, the source of transcendence might not have been obtained so smoothly this time. If you have any needs in the future, feel free to tell me,” Monarch Kong said.

“Breakthrough,” Emperor Shi said.

“Alright.” The Cosmic Monarch nodded, while the super divines of the five major holy races on Blue Planet had question marks on their faces.

What about them?? So, why didn’t they thank them at all!! Even if they didn’t participate to this operation, they had gave efforts hard.