Chapter 1593 - Chapter 1593: Master Arms (2)

Chapter 1593: Master Arms (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

The president of the Environmental Protection Association was also a cleansing star spirit. He even had the support of the super divine vice president. Not to mention the Dark King, he couldn’t even kill the peak super divine under the Dark King. It was unrealistic for him to jump levels later.

“Congratulations, realm lord Shi Yu.” Captain Zi Jian arrived and congratulated Shi Yu with a smile when she saw him for the first time.

“Now, your Blue Planet bloodline’s reputation has already resounded in the Cosmic Sea. Impressive, impressive.”

“It’s just an empty title. The Blue Planet lineage looks to have many super divines, but their overall strength is far inferior to the real top factions.” Shi Yu also smiled and said, “It still needs a long time to develop. Next, we can walk around more.’

If he built a good relationship with the cosmic overlord army, he could also buy some resources outside the World King Planet and the Cosmic Sea.

“Sure,” Captain Zi Jian said. “Here, I’ve brought you the super divine stone I owe you, the planet resources you want, and the cosmic star map you want.”

“Happy transaction,” Shi Yu said happily. He didn’t expect Captain Zi Jian to be so agile.

On the World King Planet, there was only a star map related to the Cosmic Sea. It wasn’t easy to obtain the star maps of the other four cosmic-level factions. If he really wanted to obtain it, he still had to rely on the cosmic overlord army.

Although the one Zi Jian brought wasn’t very comprehensive, it was already much better than what Shi Yu could obtain. It could be very helpful when he went out in the future.

As for planetary resources, Shi Yu naturally bought many planets from the cosmic overlord army.

He had previously promised his pets to prepare a set of Star Arms for each of them.

This time, he had fulfilled his promise.

There were a total of 12 intermediate planets that had yet to give birth to life. All of them were top-notch.

After refining it, Eleven and the others’ battle power should increase greatly.

Shi Yu had spent a lot to buy this batch of resources, but he also had money now. The resources distributed after ransacking the Assassin Planet were enough to support Shi Yu in buying 12 intermediate-level dead stars. Moreover, there was still a portion that Zi Jian hoped to pay for the Cultivation Fruit.

“Happy transaction,” Captain Zi Jian also said.

“Shi Yu…” After the transaction was completed, Zi Jian said, “Can you

introduce me to Emperor Shi?”

Shi Yu was stunned. “This might be a little difficult. After Senior Emperor Shi returned, I don’t know where he went. I can’t find him either.’

Of course… these words were fake. After Emperor Shi returned, he chose to enter seclusion again, indicating that he didn’t see anyone and rejected all visitors.

“Ah.” Zi Jian was stunned. “When the emperor returns, if you see him, help mention it.”

“Why are you looking for Senior Emperor Shi?” Shi Yu asked.

“Did Emperor Shi teach you your archeological skills?” Captain Zi Jian asked with a smile.

“Uh, half of it,” Shi Yu said.

“I’m not wrong. A super divine expert who’s an expert in the time element must also be a powerful archeologist. Actually, that’s the case. Soon, 1 might have to return to the headquarters,” Zi Jian said.

“Weren’t you just assigned to the Cosmic Sea?” Shi Yu said in surprise. “How long has it been? It’s not enough time to travel.”

Captain Zi Jian shrugged and said, “l have no choice. An extremely special and important era ruin was discovered over there. The headquarters has already started to gather archeologists who don’t have any important missions for the time being to explore.”

“This ruin isn’t ordinary. I’m not confident, so I want to find more external help to explore it together. Of course, I’ll definitely be rewarded.”

Shi Yu smiled and said, “Senior Emperor Shi shouldn’t fancy ordinary remuneration, but what kind of ruin is it that even Captain Zi Jian has to admit defeat?”

Zi Jian looked at Shi Yu and said, “‘Up’ to the ruins of a cosmic era.”

When Zi Jian said that, Shi Yu was stunned.

The ruins of the last cosmic era???

The era ruin usually referred to the ruins of the last cosmic era, which was the era where Shi Yu’s previous life was, the era where Earth was.

And to be honest, there were very, very few ruins from the previous cosmic era that were still left in this era.

No wonder Zi Jian said that she wasn’t very confident either. This interval was even longer.

“If you’re looking for Senior Emperor Shi, why don’t you look for me?” Shi Yu said. “He’s not interested in archeology.”

Captain Zi Jian chuckled and said, “l can trust your ability, but do you dare to come with me?”

“I’m afraid that before I could leave the World King Planet, my fleet was stopped by the realm lord Wang Kong and the super divine of your Blue Planet.’

Shi Yu chuckled and said, “That’s true, but if there’s a chance, we might be able to cooperate.”

“After all, 1 might not necessarily stay on World King Planet all the time…”

Zi Jian thought of the star map Shi Yu had asked her for and understood that Shi Yu definitely had other plans.

“Since Emperor Shi isn’t around, forget it. I’ll visit the realm lord next,” After tying her purple hair to her head, she turned around and said.

“If you really go to the territory of the cosmic overlord army one day and I’m still over there, you can come and find me.”

“No problem,” Shi Yu said. “By the way, bring more good wine to visit the

Senior Space Emperor. He likes to drink.”

Captain Zi Jian: “…I understand.”

Shi Yu was a reverse cultivator. Emperor Wu, the Empress, the Dragon

Emperor, Lu Oingyi, and the others had all come to World King Planet to train,  but Shi Yu packed up and planned to return to Blue Planet to cultivate bitterly.

The reason was very simple. Letting pets refine stars here was too

eye-catching. It was better to go to the remote galaxy where Blue Planet was..