Chapter 1599 - Chapter 1599: Going To The Contaminated Land (4)

Chapter 1599: Going to the Contaminated Land (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

As expected of a spatial super divine.

“During this period of time, I’ve also established a mystic realm in the Dong Huang Realm.” At this moment, Emperor Shi was beside him and smiled.

“Unfortunately, it’s not very suitable for you to use.”

“But if you have suitable recommendations, they can all enter to cultivate.”

Shi Yu said, “Time mystic realm?”

“Yes, a time mystic realm with a different time flow from the outside world.” Emperor Shi said, “After cultivating bitterly inside for a long time, only an instant passed in the outside world.”

“However, the restriction condition is that only people below the divine level with powerful willpower can stay inside for a long time. Divine-level experts who contain stable power of laws in the mystic realm will conflict with the time laws and have a greater burden. They won’t be able to stay for long. This was established by me for Wu Dong, Huang Xi, Long Qingyun, and the others in order to let them quickly accumulate the foundation before the Divine Realm.”

Wasn’t this the time mystic realm of Imperial Capital University! Only those below the overlord level could enter the time mystic realm of Imperial Capital University, and for Emperor Shi to establish this, it seemed that anyone below the super divine level could enter.

No… He should be able to experience this feeling above the super divine level.

Shi Yu remembered that when Emperor Shi fought the five super divines of Blue Planet, it was in space and time with a different time flow from the outside world.

However, that mystic realm that should need Emperor Shi himself to maintain and leave the mystic realm maintained by Emperor Shi himself probably didn’t have that power.

Shi Yu said regretfully, “If only there was a time mystic realm that could allow divine levels to enter steadily…”

He would sleep inside for a hundred years first.

“Perhaps when I reach the peak of the super divine level, I’ll have a chance to build it after spending a certain amount of time.” Emperor Shi said, “But you didn’t come this time to continue cultivating, right?”

“It’s something else that I want to discuss with Wang Kong.”

Shi Yu said in surprise, “Senior Emperor Shi, don’t you not like premonition?” “It’s not a premonition, but a guess.” Emperor Shi shook his head.

“Shi Yu, what’s the matter?” The Space Emperor also felt that Shi Yu didn’t seem to be the kind of person who would come to him for no reason.

“Hehe.” Shi Yu looked at Senior Space Emperor and said, “Senior Space Emperor, I plan to travel to the universe with Teacher Ying and Teacher Tu Na for a period of time. It’ll probably take a few years, at least a few years, to tell you.”

“Well, it’s mainly to find the Wish Star inheritance of the Star Prayer Race for Teacher Ying. I heard that if seven are gathered, you will have the power of the entire Star Prayer Race to make a wish. You can use a wish to hang a super divine level wish.’

“You…” The Space Emperor was speechless. Now that Blue Planet and Dong Huang were developing so well, he still had the mood to go out and play?

If it were him, he would definitely cultivate in seclusion on the Blue Planet for hundreds of years.

“Let him go,” Emperor Shi said. “He’ll be fine, and there should be new opportunities. With his current ability, even those five super divines can’t do anything to him.”

“There aren’t many in the entire universe who can pose a threat to him.”

“Senior Emperor Shi is still more far-sighted,” Shi Yu couldn’t help but say. The Space Emperor was slightly stunned. After a long silence, he said,

“Alright, your current strength… is indeed not weak,” the Space Emperor said.

He had started to wander in the universe at the demigod level. Now that Shi

Yu was almost invincible below the super divine level, there was indeed no reason to stop Shi Yu from wandering.

“However, every once in a while, try your best to come back and report your safety. Safety first. Don’t provoke enemies you can’t defeat. After all, we’re not beside you.”

“Alright, no problem. In order to return as soon as possible, I specially came to get some resources. Can you give me a few more super divine cosmic crystals as battleship energy? This way, we can fly faster. If we encounter a cosmic disaster, the success rate of escaping will be higher.” Apart from telling his elders, Shi Yu also wanted navigation resources…

“Sure, our Blue Planet doesn’t have anything else now, but we have a lot of money…” The Space Emperor waved his hand and was heroic.

He wanted to thank the Assassin Planet for the gifts.

As expected, war was the most profitable.

A few days later, Blue Planet.

After Shi Yu and the others prepared a pile of resources, they were about to set off.

The huge cosmic battleship stopped on the snowfield. Shi Yu, the cat girl, and the owl girl boarded the battleship one by one.

Then, Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong, Susu, Little Ji, Duckie, and the other pets were also all excited like a tourist team.

Previously, it was built by the Blue Planet.

This time, Shi Yu’s entire team went out to build.

“Seeing this battleship, 1 know it’s stable this time.” After entering the battleship, the owl clicked its tongue in wonder.

The captain was more than a thousand meters tall, and the internal space was huge. This was Lings mechanical spirit with Perfect (+47). Coupled with the new top-notch mechanical materials, the newly upgraded battleship could drive super divine energy.

Apart from being fast and safe, the interior was also completely different. Every member had their own mystic realm room.

“That’s…” Shi Yu chuckled. How could he not be prepared for a trip? In the universe, there were definitely less than 20 battleships that could surpass Ling.

“Wu            WII.” Eleven was already lying by the window, waiting to set off.

It was rare for them to travel in the universe, so Shi Yu naturally let all his pets out. Everyone would be happier together.

“Let’s go!!” After a long time, the joint cry of Shi Yu and the others came from inside. The huge battleship on the Icefield flashed and disappeared from Blue Planet.

“That direction… is the Contaminated Land, right?”

In the World Tree mystic realm, the World Tree looked at the departing battleship and fell silent.

“The Contaminated Land, the territory of the Abyss Race. No, perhaps it can be said that the Abyss Race is only one of the many races in the Contaminated

Land,” the World Tree said. “Mother Goddess, they shouldn’t be a problem,

“Do you think it’s a problem to bring the Blue Sea Sprite and the cleansing star spirit to the Contaminated Land?” A faint voice came from Blue Planet, stunning the World Tree.

“Moreover, would a normal person plant a pirate flag on a battleship when traveling?”

“No problem… No problem. Perhaps when they return, they can also bring back good news of overthrowing the Dark Emperor… They all say that, Lord Mother Goddess, you’re a cosmic-level reincarnation, but why do I feel that

Shi Yu is only a cosmic-level reincarnation…” the World Tree said..