Chapter 1597 - Chapter 1597: Going To The Contaminated Land (2)

Chapter 1597: Going to the Contaminated Land (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

At this moment, Shi Yu gradually understood.

Just like how the overlord’s will determined the difficulty of adding points to super skills and quasi-divine skills back then.

If he wanted to reach the transcendent divine skill, he might also need a higher level of willpower to cooperate.

Only by mastering the [Super Divine Will] could he cultivate the [Transcendent Divine Skill] and become the [Epoch God].

And if he wanted to cultivate the [Super Divine Will], he had to reach the divine level and challenge a super divine with a certain determination.

It wasn’t that the [Epoch God] could fight the [Super Divine] above its level, but that only by having the strength and determination to fight the super divine at the divine level and survive could it become the [Epoch God].

After thinking about this clearly, adding points wasn’t what Shi Yu mainly pursued.

With Beast Shi Yu around, he didn’t lack high-end battle power. How to nurture the [Super Divine Heart] and [Super Divine Will] for his pets was what Shi Yu needed to think about the most now.

He tried to use Beast Shi Yu as a super divine level sparring partner for Eleven and the others to challenge, but the effect wasn’t good at all.

Although Beast Shi Yu had super divine battle power, it was accumulated by various elements. In addition, Eleven and the others couldn’t have any determination to win against Beast Shi Yu. It didn’t meet the conditions to give birth to the Super Divine Will at all.

In other words, Beast Shi Yu wasn’t an enemy. He couldn’t give Eleven and the others the pressure to affect their hearts. It was completely incomparable to the super divine pressure when Blue Planet was invaded and Mythical Races were exterminated one after another.

Restricted by this, Shi Yu was no longer in a hurry to increase Eleven and the others’ strength. He began to add points to functional divine skills first. After the Wind of Luck was the Mechanical Spirit.

This skill largely determined the speed and safety of Shi Yu and the others when sailing in the starry sky in the future. It could be said to be a very necessary skill to increase. Coupled with the Wind of Blessing, Ling might be one of the best cosmic battleships in the World King Planet.

Even the cosmic overlord army might not necessarily be able to find a few cosmic battleships with better configurations than Ling.

As for Shi Yu, he had made these preparations in advance, undoubtedly waiting for the gem cat to come looking for him.

He planned to bring the gem cat to travel in the starry sky of the universe to see if there was a way to help Eleven and the others break through their will.

In addition, carrying out a cosmic tour actually wouldn’t waste too much time cultivating.

Because Baby Ginseng had mastered Star Refinement+Perfect Perfect World, it had already gotten a lot of the power of Blue Planet stored in the Heavenly Emperor Cauldron in advance. Coupled with the Four Holy Ruins, it was enough for Shi Yu to use outside for a long time and years.

In addition, most of the time in interstellar travel was meaningless flying time. This time was most suitable to be spent sleeping.

This was also the reason why Captain Zi Jian liked to cultivate the Cultivation Fruit so much. Sleeping was undoubtedly a waste of time, but if sleeping could also cultivate efficiently, the nature would be different.

“Where are the remaining five inheritances?” Shi Yu asked.

“Four in the territory of a cosmic overlord, and one in the territory of the Dark

King. ”

The gem cat took out a star map and handed it to Shi Yu. “As expected of a place where the wealth of the entire universe settles… There are actually four over there. 1 feel that it’s not easy to take.”

“As for the Dark King, it also feels very dangerous. Fortunately, from the interstellar location, it’s not too far from the Cosmic Sea. There’s no need to go deep into the other party’s territory.”

Shi Yu looked at the star map, and his eyes lit up. “Not bad.”

“What’s not bad??” The gem cat was stunned.

Shi Yu said, “Of course, it’s the location of the Wish Star… This Wish Star in the Contaminated Land is very close to the location of the era ruin marked on the star map left behind by Goddess Wa.”

“Really?” the gem cat said. “On the way?”

Shi Yu nodded and said, “It’s on the way. Moreover, Dark Kings territory…”

Shi Yu’s eyes were green, making the Prediction Owl shiver.

“What do you want?” the owl asked.

Shi Yu chuckled and said, “It’s alright, it’s alright…”

In fact, the Dark Kings territory was the best place for Shi Yu to train his pet’s will.

For example, Susu had the determination to cleanse the Contaminated Land. If it fought with a super divine level Abyss Race, it might be able to train the Super Divine Heart.

Compared to other pets, as long as Susu found the right method, Shi Yu felt that it was most likely to be the first pet to nurture a Super Divine Will.

“There’s no time to lose. Prepare yourself. We’ll set off in two days,” Shi Yu said. “Well… Teacher Owl is going too?”

“Yes,” the owl said.

“Aren’t you afraid?”

The owl was speechless. “What’s there to be afraid of?”

Shi Yu was surprised. He had almost forgotten that Teacher Owl was no longer the same Teacher Owl as before.

Having awakened the memories of its previous life, it had already returned to the genius girl of the Astrologer Race.

It was a big boss who dared to go to the border of the Cosmic Sea to find the source of transcendence on the Blue Planet alone.

“If we go to the Contaminated Land, it seems to be closer to Blue Planet.” The geographical location of Blue Planet was located at the intersection of the Worm Mother Nest, the Contaminated Land, the Behemoth Universe Empire, and the Cosmic Sea. Apart from being far from the headquarters of the cosmic overlord army, it led to the other three places. They were all closer than directly setting off from the World King Planet.

Of course… this might also be the reason why Blue Planet was so miserable back then and was invaded by the three major factions consecutively.

“Are we… going to set off from Blue Planet?” the gem cat said.

“Yes, we’ll set off from Blue Planet, but before we set off, I have to tell the Senior Space Emperor and Blue Planet’s Mother Goddess,” Shi Yu said. “Why don’t we leave directly? They should be anxious if they can’t find us.”