Chapter 1591 - Chapter 1591: Predicting Loneliness (4)

Chapter 1591: Predicting Loneliness (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios    Editor: Atlas Studios

“However, using this treasure will cause the treasure to suffer a lot of wear and tear. It can only recover one premonition opportunity every thousand years. This premonition opportunity is actually not very useful to astrologers. This is because there will always be some backlash when the astrologers predict themselves, but for outsiders, the accuracy is extremely high.”

“Therefore, I want the Astrologer Race to form an alliance with Blue Planet and use three premonition opportunities as a greeting gift. Moreover, I want to give the realm lord Shi Yu the treatment of the Sons of Prophecy. As long as there’s a need, vou can use the Dower of the Astrologer Race’s treasure to

make a prophecy at any time.”

Shi Yu smiled as he looked at Patriarch Tu Tu. He knew that it had changed its position when it saw Blue Planet’s performance this time.

“Alright, I happen to have a few things I want to predict. Patriarch Tu Tu, estimate if you can do it.”

“What?”

Shi Yu said, “l want to know the exact method to advance to the cosmic level.’

Even Emperor Shi didn’t know this, nor did he know if the Astrologer Race had any way to know.

Patriarch Tu Tu t s ears twitched. “Ah, this, this, in theory, it can be done, but it’s not a one-time prediction.”

“What do you mean?” Shi Yu said.

Patriarch Tu Tu said, “There was also a super divine expert who came to me to seek a way to advance to the cosmic level, but unfortunately, the premonition didn’t give clear instructions. It only guided the other party to continue staying on the World King Planet. Perhaps there’s a glimmer of hope in the future.’

“He originally thought that he could learn from Lord World King that after waiting for a long time and finally waiting for Lord World King to wake up once, because Lord World King was a planetary life form, the method to advance to the cosmic level was different from other life forms. He didn’t obtain any results. Then, he died here.”

Shi Yu fell into deep thought and said, “Then I’ll try too.”

Patriarch Tu Tu said, “Sure, but I can only give you an answer after returning to the family. Is there anything else you want to predict?”

“Hehe, but the realm lord Shi Yu is indeed ambitious. He’s actually also coveting that cosmic throne.”

Shi Yu smiled and said, “Apart from that, I also want to know where the remaining five inheritances of the Star Prayer Race are. It shouldn’t be a problem, right? Didn’t you say that you wanted to assist Teacher Ying in finding the inheritance?”

“That’s not a problem, but like the previous prophecy, it requires time. The former involves the cosmic level, while the latter’s premonition range might exceed the Cosmic Sea, but the entire universe also requires time.”

“l see. Then let’s talk about these two questions first.”

After Shi Yu and Patriarch Tu Tu finished communicating, the other party immediately bade farewell and returned to the Back family to help Shi Yu predict the future.

After his brother left, the Prediction Owl smiled and looked at Shi Yu. “Shi Yu, I guess you’ll be recuperating here for a year next and won’t go out to wander.”

“Right?”

Shi Yu rolled his eyes and said, “Teacher Owl, don’t predict such a meaningless thing. You might as well divine more. Are there any era ruins similar to the one Emperor Shi entered on Blue Planet?”

“I know, I know.” The Prediction Owl felt bored.

In a few days, the top eight of the Blue Planet’s competition was finally received from World King Planet.

Just as they entered, Dong Huang and the other Beast Tamers found their own places to fight the next God Sealing Battle.

Yes, in the top eight, there were a total of five Beast Tamers from Dong Huang. Apart from the three emperors and Lu Qingyi, the Tyrannical Sea Legend also successfully entered the top eight.

After the Mythical Revival, the evolution speed of his Giant Leviathan, which seemed to have the inheritance of a worm and had mastered Infinite Devour, increased greatly. After arriving at the World King Planet, it was immediately pulled over by Lin Feng, who had the evolution talent, to be his assistant.

As for Lu Qingyi, she entered the Assassin Prison and became the prison director. With the cooperation of the Space Emperor’s pet, she controlled the prison.

As for Emperor Wu, the Empress, and the Dragon Emperor, they were strongly requested by the five divine races to invest in the three emperors.

The five divine races finally realized the potential of the Blue Planet’s human race. They had missed the Space Emperor, Lin Feng, and Shi Yu. This time, they chose to target the three emperors. They planned to strive to let their future tenth pet choose among the five divine races no matter what.

Emperor Kong, and Lin Feng weren’t free at the moment and didn’t have time to take care of them. The Empress, who had the bloodline of the Phoenix, could obtain much better cultivation in the Phoenix Race than him messing around.

As for the Dragon Emperor, he could clearly obtain better development from the dragon race. As for Emperor Wu, the Angel Race and the Demon Race took a fancy to Emperor Wu’s outstanding Fusion Talent at the same time. As everyone knew, the effect was greatest when humanoid creatures and humans fused. However, Emperor Wu wasn’t interested in birdmen and demons, but he was a little interested in the extinct Kirin Race on the Blue Planet.

This made the Kirin Race, who usually suffered grievances, extremely touched.

“Sleep!”

Ever since the Blue Planet destroyed the Assassin Planet, the Floating Realm had become dozens of times more lively every day. As for Shi Yu, under the lively background, he chose to cultivate quietly again…

After breaking through to the divine level, he began to mess around. Now that he didn’t lack any resources and had the protection of a big boss, Shi Yu could finally work overtime in peace.

However, before Shi Yu could calm down for long, the Prediction Owl rushed to find Shi Yu.

“Shi Yu, Shi Yu, the prediction result is out!!!”

“What??” Shi Yu looked at the owl and said, “Which one is it?”

The owl said, “The cosmic level… This is actually the first time the Astrologer Race predicted how humans would break through to the cosmic level and obtained a clear answer. The last time they found the Astrologer Race to predict it, it wasn’t humans, but cosmic life forms.”

“My brother predicted it for you and your initial pet, Eleven…”

“What conditions do Eleven need to break through to the cosmic level?” Shi Yu asked.

The owl said, “The outcome I predicted was… the cosmic overlord army.”

“Huh?” Shi Yu was stunned. “What do you mean?”

The owl said, “That’s it. If Eleven can really break through to the cosmic level, the opportunity will be in the cosmic overlord army. This kind of thing is to search for traces of possibility from countless impossible things. There won’t be any clear direction at all. We can only search for it ourselves.”

Shi Yu: “..You guys are so lonely. Don’t tell me I still have to join the cosmic overlord army?”

The owl: “Cosmic level, this is a cosmic level!!”

Shi Yu said helplessly, “Alright, then what about the opportunity for me to break through to the cosmic level? If I break through to the cosmic level and become a cosmic Beast Tamer, theoretically speaking, I should be like a super divine Beast Tamer who can casually strengthen a certain super divine pet to the cosmic level”

“Your method of breaking through to the cosmic level is really very clear!” the Prediction Owl said. “Even my brother said so. I didn’t expect it to be such a clear method.”

“In short, the method for lives other than humans to advance to the cosmic level is still unclear, but the method for humans, or rather, yours, is very clear.”

“What?”

“The result of the premonition is that as long as you can contract a cosmic life form, you will be a cosmic Beast Tamer.”

Shi Yu: “?”

Shi Yu’s face darkened. He felt that the Astrologer Race was talking bullsh*t.

“I don’t want to cooperate with the astrologers anymore. What should I do?”

“Teacher Owl, why do I feel that the Astrologer Race is as unreliable as you in the Imperial Capital University before you awakened?”

“Isn’t this obvious? I cultivated a cosmic-level pet, so I’m definitely a cosmic-level Beast Tamer.”

“Cough, cough, cough,” the owl said. “Wait, that’s not what I mean. I mean, you need to contract a cosmic pet at the super divine level to break through to the cosmic level, not nurture it yourself. After all, we don’t know how to nurture a cosmic level.”

“Probably. When you reach the peak of the super divine level, if you can successfully contract one of the universe-level big shots of the World King, Beast King, Dark King, Worm Queen, and cosmic overlord, you can break through the level of life and reach the cosmic level from the super divine level.

Of course… it still seems a little unreliable..”