Chapter 1598 - 1598 Going To The Contaminated Land (3)

1598 Going to the Contaminated Land (3)

“Alright!! Then I’ll go prepare first. I’ll throw the Dong Huang Realm to Senior Divine Source to manage. He’s also gone to the World King Planet to learn more profound mechanical technology. One thing is to do, and two things are also to do…” the gem cat said.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Alright, alright.” Shi Yu nodded.

After the three of them finished communicating, Shi Yu immediately set off and arrived at the permanent teleportation array, planning to return to the World King Planet.

When the World Tree clone saw Shi Yu coming over, it asked, “You’re leaving?”

Just now, when the gem cat and owl came, it knew that Shi Yu definitely wouldn’t stay long.

“Can’t bear me to leave?” Shi Yu said with a smile.

The World Tree clone said, “You flatter yourself.”

“Looks like you’ve saved enough resources.”

Shi Yu had stayed on Blue Planet for half a year. The power of the world he consumed was more than all the divine and demigod levels on Blue Planet combined. Fortunately, Shi Yu was only at the divine level and had yet to reach the super divine level. Otherwise, according to the World Tree, Blue Planet definitely couldn’t afford to raise Shi Yu of the same level!

This kid didn’t use it, but saved it. He couldn’t use it all at the moment. He even stored the power of the world he had extracted elsewhere and kept it as a backup. It directly made the World Tree speechless.

However, this way, even if Shi Yu left Blue Planet, he still had a large amount of reserve resources. It was more convenient.

Of course, although he was speechless, this consumption was a drop in the bucket for Blue Planet, which had advanced to a high-level planet. Blue Planet was also happy to see Shi Yu have the ability to take it away and use it to increase his strength.

“Yes, but I’ll be back later. Teacher Ying, I, and the others are going to set off from Blue Planet to find the Wish Star inheritance that has been lost in various places in the universe. I’ll tell you first.”

“You’re going on a trip?” The World Tree was stunned. “Are you sure??”

Space travel was much more dangerous than cultivating on World King Planet.

If they encountered a cosmic disaster, even a few lives wouldn’t be enough.

“Don’t worry, it’s alright. I’m already sufficiently prepared,” Shi Yu said. With that said, he stepped onto the permanent teleportation array, planning to tell the Space Emperor.

“Wait, the most important thing is, why are we setting off from Blue Planet…” The World Tree’s expression darkened.

If it was a trip to the Cosmic Sea, setting off from World King Planet was clearly more suitable.

If he set off from Blue Planet… Obviously, Shi Yu’s destination wasn’t a certain place in the Cosmic Sea.

It was the territory of the other super creatures sitting on the throne of the universe!

Shi Yu… wanted to travel to the territories of other cosmic emperors…

At the thought of this, it suddenly felt a little nervous.

Damn.

Shi Yu could provoke a bunch of strong enemies in a relatively peaceful and stable place like World King Planet.

The World Tree didn’t dare to imagine what would happen if he went to the enemy camp.

“Blue Planet is already high-level, but it actually can’t keep him! What kind of person is this?”

World King Planet, Dong Huang Realm.

At this moment, the Dong Huang Realm had already developed thriving.

A large number of Beast Tamers from the floating, Dong Xuan, and Heavenly Demon Realms moved here to stay. Clearly, they had taken a fancy to the future development potential of the Dong Huang Realm, which had a permanent teleportation array.

Of course, there were still a few people in the Dong Huang Realm who relied on the immigration of the three major realms and the arrival of Blue Planet.

In order to introduce a population, Shi Yu chose to let Little Zi move the Star Continent in its body out of its body and move it to World King Planet, turning it into a huge island in the middle of the lake in the Dong Huang Realm.

The lives on the Star Continent still didn’t know that their world had already changed. When they had the ability to tread out of the Star Continent and directly come to the Dong Huang Realm, they would be received by the Four Holy Faith clones Shi Yu had left on the Star Continent.

The reason why he let Little Zi move all the lives in its inner world was because Little Zi now had the ability to fight. There might be a lot of battles next. In order to not affect the lives in its body, it was safer to let them move away from the World King Planet.

Apart from that, the cultivation system of the Star Continent was the power of faith. Little Zi’s inner world had always been an important source of power of faith for Shi Yu to use to produce the Four Saints.

But now, Shi Yu had already obtained the Four Holy Ruins. His need for the power of incense in the Star Continent was no longer that great.

This way, it was better to let the natives of the Star Continent join the Dong Huang Realm and let them add to the construction of the Dong Huang Realm.

Compared to the citizens from other places, the cultivators on the Star Continent were Shi Yu’s true direct descendants. Little Zi was their mother planet, and Shi Yu was Little Zi’s contractor. This relationship wasn’t something the immigrants from other places could compare to.

“Senior Space Emperor… Senior Emperor Shi is also here??”

After arriving at the World King Planet, Shi Yu went all the way from the Dong Huang Realm to the Floating Realm. When he arrived at the Sky City Temple to visit the Senior Space Emperor, he realized that the Senior Time Emperor had already come out of seclusion and was discussing something with the Space Emperor.

The two space-time emperors looked at Shi Yu and could inform that Shi Yu seemed to have become stronger.

“Shi Yu, you came at the right time.” When the Space Emperor saw Shi Yu return, he said, “I prepared some good things for you and was about to send them to you.”

“What is it?” Shi Yu was stunned.

“Could it be a resource to accelerate cultivation speed?”

The Space Emperor laughed and said, “That’s right. During this period of time, I’ve condensed three specially modified Level 11 space crystals. The effect should be better than the meditation jade. If you cultivate with it, you should be able to reach the peak of the divine rank earlier.”

“Really?” Shi Yu was overjoyed. “Thank you, Senior Space Emperor. I’m lacking such resources.”