Chapter 1592 - 1592 Master Arms (1)

1592 Master Arms (1)

“Goodbye.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Shi Yu chose to bid farewell to the owl.

There was no such scam.

No matter how he thought about it, it was impossible for those five guys sitting on the cosmic throne to be contracted.

It was better to rely on himself to nurture a cosmic level than to contract them.

“Wait!”

The owl said, “By the way, by the way, there seem to be more than five choices.”

“Hm?”

“It’s said that there’s still a sixth cosmic level in the universe that might or might not exist.”

“Us astrologers know that this sixth cosmic level actually exists.”

“Therefore, it’s very likely that your contracted target is it!”

“After all, its traces of existence have already been lost in the history of the universe. As an archeologist, you will definitely explore its traces, right? You might be fated because of this!”

Shi Yu looked at the owl and said, “Your deduction this time seems to be a little complicated. I did have the thought of searching for it.”

“Hehe.” The owl was smug.

“But it’s still unreliable! You’ve also guided us to the cosmic overlord army. Do I still have a chance to contract a cosmic overlord? Are you sure I won’t be killed?”

The owl said with a bitter expression, “Well, it’s already very impressive that I can predict things like this to this extent.”

“You have to know that you’ve just entered the divine level and are still a distance away from super divine. It’s always a good thing that your direction is clearer now…”

Shi Yu said, “Alright…”

“Then next, let me walk around more with the cosmic overlord army and explore who the sixth cosmic level is. Right.”

The owl nodded. That was right, that was right.

“Wait, do you think it’s possible for me to see Lord World King later and ask about the method for the planet to advance to the cosmic level?” Shi Yu said. “Planet life forms indeed have different advancement methods from other life forms…”

“But I also have Little Zi.”

“Then, if Little Zi breaks through, is it possible for me to use its power to reach the cosmic level myself?”

The Prediction Owl was stunned. “Uh, Lord World King doesn’t wake up all the time. He sleeps for hundreds of thousands of years or millions of years. At any point, it’s run of the mill. If you want to wait for him, who knows how long it will take.”

“Unless the World King Planet encounters a crisis and the other four cosmic levels make a move and leave their territory, the World King basically doesn’t care…”

“Even if it awakens, only by reaching the peak of the super divine level… In other words, transcendent 10 will I have the chance and qualifications to see it. Well, the guy who once sought a cosmic-level advancement method from the Astrologer Race later became a peak super divine.”

“He’s now one of the three peak super divines under the World King.”

“In addition, actually, I don’t recommend you directly ask the cosmic level for the method to break through to the cosmic level. You just have to explore it secretly.”

“Have you ever thought that if a universe can only accommodate five cosmic levels at most, the birth of a new cosmic level will definitely mean the death of another cosmic level? At that time, what should we do?”

“Just like how the Four Holy Evolvers with super divine potential aren’t allowed to challenge their positions, five cosmic levels might not be allowed to challenge their positions either.”

“You’re not a direct descendant of the World King Planet. Why should the World King tell you? Finding other cosmic levels to ask… That’s even more unreliable.”

“Have you heard of such a rumor? The reason why the sixth cosmic level disappeared might be because only five cosmic levels can exist in the universe. Its existence is not allowed, and then it was erased by someone.”

Shi Yu fell into deep thought and felt that it was extremely troublesome.

“I understand.” Shi Yu nodded and said, “Then quickly help Teacher Ying predict the wish star inheritance. I’ll take advantage of this period of time to enter seclusion to cultivate. After we’re done with both parties, I’ll take a trip to the real starry sky.”

“I also want to find Goddess Wa… Speaking of which, could she be the sixth cosmic level?”

The owl: ???

“Why are you only thinking about beautiful things? Are you addicted to cozying up to someone powerful?”

“Haha.” Shi Yu smiled and scratched his head. “I think it’s unreliable too. I’m presently satisfied that she’s super divine. After all, if she’s at the cosmic level, it’s easy for her to nurture a super divine human herself. There’s no need to ask Blue Planet at all.”

“Hmph,” the Prediction Owl said. “When that cat obtains all the inheritance of the Star Prayer Race, perhaps with its support, it can predict the truth of the universe additional clearly.”

“At that time, there’s no need to guess randomly.”

“That’s true. Let’s do this first.” Shi Yu sent the owl away and didn’t continue his seclusion. Instead, he walked out of the room and waited for another guest. Calculating the time, she would be here soon.

As expected, not long after, Shi Yu waited for a battleship marked with the symbol of a universal overlord to land in this city.

Zi Jian’s special forces!

At this moment, when he saw the universal overlord army, Shi Yu’s heart was complicated. The opportunity for Eleven to break through to the cosmic rank was here?

Could it be that it was as the owl had said? There were limits to the cosmic level. Eleven could only advance after they defeated the cosmic overlord?

But in that case, why didn’t he fight the Dark King, the Worm King, the Beast King, and the World King?

It was uttered that these four universal emperors were weaker than cosmic overlords.

If he had to challenge a universal level, Shi Yu would definitely choose the Dark King and not a cosmic overlord. After all, there was Susu…

Of course, at that level, it was uncertain if the cleansing star spirit could yet counter the other party.