Chapter 1596 - 1596 Going To The Contaminated Land (1)

1596 Going to the Contaminated Land (1)

On Blue Planet, in the blue sky, two figures flew at high speed.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

They were the two young dragons, the gem cat Ying and the owl Tu Na, who had come to find Shi Yu.

Before long, they arrived at Icefield and discovered Shi Yu, who was piling up snowmen.

Gem Cat, Prediction Owl: “?”

“Is he really cultivating seriously?” the Prediction Owl said.

The gem cat girl was also silent. Both parties quickly landed.

At this moment, Shi Yu, who had finished building the snowman and smashed it with a punch, also discovered the arrival of the gem cat and the others.

“What are you doing?” As soon as it descended, the gem cat couldn’t help but ask. Was this the bitter cultivation Shi Yu mentioned?

Even the children in the kindergarten next door in Icefield Ping Cheng weren’t as bored as him!

“Oh, Teacher Ying, Teacher Tu Na.” Shi Yu let out a cold breath and looked at them.

“To be precise, it’s cultivating the mind and nurturing the personality, allowing the mind to integrate into nature.”

“???”

If you just build a snowman and don’t smash it with a punch, we’ll believe you.

“What’s wrong? From the looks of it, you’ve almost predicted where the inheritance item of the Star Prayer Race is, right?” Shi Yu asked.

He was wearing white and was doing Taiji in the snow, making the two cats’ faces darken.

Strange, too strange.

It had only been less than half a year, but Shi Yu was already like this.

Was he stimulated by something?

“Yeah!” The gem cat said, “How’s your cultivation? Can you defeat a super divine level? When are we leaving for a trip together?”

Shi Yu said, “It’s about time.”

The owl: ???

There was something wrong with both of them.

One dared to ask, and the other really dared to answer.

“As expected of you!! No wonder you’re lazing around. So you’re almost done cultivating.” The cat was happy.

Alright, if he went with Shi Yu now, his safety would at least be guaranteed.

“I’m really cultivating my heart…” Shi Yu couldn’t help but say.

It had to be repaired.

Because his mentality had collapsed continuously in the past few months.

If he didn’t take a break quickly, it would definitely affect his condition.

Initially, Shi Yu’s additional points had been very smooth in the past few months.

For example, Baby Ginseng’s World Grace divine skill. From entry-level to proficiency, to expert, to perfection (+47), Baby Ginseng’s growth level increased with a whoosh.

Soon, it reached the level of a perfect god.

Just as Shi Yu was looking forward to being able to upgrade a transcendent-level divine skill and add points to an epoch god… he was finished.

The point of perfection to transcendence directly stuck, and the success rate of adding points was zero.

It was as if Baby Ginseng had a bottleneck from the Era God, and this bottleneck couldn’t be broken with ordinary points.

This was the beginning of Shi Yu’s mentality collapse.

Next, Shi Yu changed his skill in Baby Ginseng, the Cultivation Fruit experiment. It was still stuck (Perfect+47).

Helpless, Shi Yu had no choice but to change pets and add points to Ling’s Blessing Wind and Mechanical Spirit. In the end, it was still the same outcome. He was stuck in front of the epoch god and couldn’t break through.

This made Shi Yu very depressed.

When these four divine skills were pulled to the extreme of perfection, it was almost all Shi Yu had gained in the past four months.

As for the other pets, they had yet to level up.

However, although Baby Ginseng and Ling’s divine power levels had reached the perfect divine level, Baby Ginseng and Ling’s normal battle power wasn’t very strong among perfect gods.

Because the holy skills that upgraded them were all supportive.

The World Grace of Baby Ginseng was a skill that could freeload the power of the world.

After reaching the perfect level, this skill was no longer a useless skill. Even if Shi Yu and the others went to other planets at this moment, they could forcefully plunder the strength of the world. Finally, they didn’t have to take advantage of Blue Planet anymore.

If they were to undergo starry sky travel next, the strength of this world could be said to be a very good skill to replenish energy. In the universe, there were many planets. With a casual stop and entry into a planet, Baby Ginseng could plunder a large amount of the power of the world to replenish itself.

The second was the Cultivation Fruit. This was clearly not helpful in increasing Baby Ginseng’s battle power either. Instead, it was helpful for the cultivation of all the team members. Thanks to Baby Ginseng’s perfect Cultivation Fruit, Shi Yu’s time and spatial talent finally followed his level and reached Level 10.

After that, Shi Yu began to wonder if ordinary divine skills couldn’t be raised to transcendent. Just like how the highest level of quasi-divine skills was only perfect, he began to strengthen Ling’s Wind of Luck, this high-level divine skill.

He hoped that his luck would be better.

In the end, after the Wind of Blessing was maxed out, it was the same. It couldn’t break through.

At this moment, Shi Yu realized that if he wanted to nurture his pet to an epoch god, apart from the skill level, he might still lack something.

At this moment, Shi Yu no longer worked hard. Instead, he chose to go to the World Tree and inquire it to help awaken Blue Planet. He wanted to ask about this ancient existence.

In the end, he obtained an answer.

Will level.

The Blue Planet’s Will stated that the Ancestral Dragon and the others back then were above perfect gods and below epoch gods.

When these peak-level gods invaded the war and fought the super holy invaders, they entered a mysterious state and erupted with stronger power.

This mysterious state was like a pet that had mastered the overlord’s will erupting above its level. However, it was stronger than that. It could be called the sublimation of the overlord’s will.

The peak gods on Blue Planet called this [Super Divine Heart] or [Super Divine Will].

This was the key ability of the perfect gods of Blue Planet to resist the three super holy invaders.