Chapter 1595 - Chapter 1595: Master Arms (4)

Chapter 1595: Master Arms (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

“Buggy, use the Four Holy Ruins and the laws of spring to take care of the

Cultivation Fruits planted by Baby Ginseng.”

“Qi, you have the experience of already refining stars. Help Eleven and the others, and let them take fewer detours.’

After Shi Yu finished speaking, Buggy was shocked. Why had it become a gardener… But forget it, using the power of the Creation God in the Four Holy Ruins was also a form of cultivation.

“Ah, don’t you need me to stay beside you? This way, you only have…” Qi was worried that Shi Yu would encounter another assassin or something.

“It’s alright. With Buggy and Beast Shi Yu around.” Shi Yu had already taught the magnetic skill to Buggy, the only one who could learn this move. Although this move was called the magnetic skill, it had nothing to do with the lightning element. It was a dual-element skill of the spatial and spiritual elements. Its arrival strengthened Shi Yu’s escape ability again.

Unfortunately, the Hole of the Universe that he had replicated previously still didn’t have any learning conditions. This made Shi Yu very silent. Should he find a cosmic behemoth to contract? Otherwise, the skill would be wasted.

“Alright…” Qi said.

“Go, go.” Shi Yu saw that a group of pets was still staring at him eagerly and chased them away with a smile.

“Wuu! Then, many pets began to act according to Shi Yu’s instructions.

Shi Yu also entered a sleeping state. Although his spatial and time talents had yet to reach Level 10, Shi Yu chose to cultivate the Beast Taming Space this time.

He hoped to use the two meditation jades and the divine-level Cultivation Fruit to quickly raise his Beast Taming level to the seventh level of the divine level.

At that time, his physique would undergo another qualitative change. It would also be easier to add points to his pet.

Also, it could reduce the burden of controlling Beast Shi Yu.

Beast Shi Yu was in a daze. Buggy farmed, and Shi Yu’s main body slept, forming a diligent painting. In the starry sky, Eleven and the others also got busy.

This was another thing that everyone competed in and did at the same time. Every pet hoped that the Star Arms they refined were the strongest.

“Wuu! Among them, Eleven obtained a top-notch metal and wood-element star. It stood on the star and naturally hoped to refine it into the shape of bamboo…

At that time, not only could the bamboo cooperate with its Battle God Body as a weapon and contain one-star divine power, but it could also be eaten as food, supplements, and medicine. It was beautiful.

Of course, the way every pet refined weapons was different. Some chose to strengthen themselves, while others chose to fill in the gaps. For example, Baby Ginseng was ridiculous and decided to refine a huge cauldron.

It had obtained a star that was the secondary wood of the main fire. It planned to… refine a cauldron to assist it in researching and cooking various foods, and even refining pills. In the plant association, there was also a batch of cultivators who used plants to refine pills. Baby Ginseng planned to learn from them and broaden its path.

“Yi…”Baby Ginseng prepared to name it the Heavenly Emperor Cauldron.

On the other side, Chi Tong had obtained a top-notch metal-element and fire-element star. Initially, Shi Yu wanted to prepare a new star for Chi Tong to refine. However, considering that Chi Tongs fire-element power was already very strong, but it lacked metal-element power to neutralize it, he chose the metal-element star. On Chi Tongs side, it naturally wanted to refine a sharp metal sword to match its illusion as a heroic spirit. One was illusionary, and the other was real. The two swords were harmonious.

As for Susu, it had obtained an ice and snow star that had been corroded by the cold silence of the cosmic disaster. The time of this star had been frozen. Shi Yu planned to see if he could cooperate with the skill deduction and the

Heavenly Frost Cold Energy in the future to let Susu learn the disaster skill ‘Cold Silence’. Susu decided to refine the star into the appearance of a crown and turn itself into the Starry Sky Slime King.

Ling, on the other hand, had obtained the same spatial star as Qi to strengthen the spatial ability of the battleship. He planned to refine it into a special device and load it onto the battleship. Shi Yu actually wanted a lucky star to strengthen Lings luck, but unfortunately, the cosmic overlord army couldn’t find time, luck, and other stars. Shi Yu could only let Ling refine a

spatial star first and replace it in the future when he found a lucky star.

On Little Zi’s side, it was the most excited. Learning the Star Refinement skill meant that it could finally master attack methods that didn’t affect it too much. The stars it obtained were also spatial. Spatial stars were already the best stars that could be found under normal circumstances. Before encountering a better one, Shi Yu could only let them make do.

The weapon Little Zi wanted to refine was the Star Ring.

In the second team, Little Ji, Duckie, Shorty, Turtle, Little Quas, and the others also displayed their divine powers. They held their stars and refined huge swords, Demon Subduing Pestle, and other weapons they liked.

Just like that, a month passed as Shi Yu slept. During this sleep, the consumption of the meditation jade was especially fast. Two pieces were directly crippled. Of course, Shi Yu didn’t lack this thing now. Although it was expensive, with Blue Planet’s current wealth, he could buy whatever he wanted.

At this moment, he had also successfully broken through to the seventh level of the divine level. As for his pets, they had also completed the refinement of the stars one by one. At this moment, they had already entered the stage of adapting and familiarizing themselves with new weapons.

Next was naturally adding points. At this moment, Shi Yu, who had reached the late stage of the divine level, had divine skills that could be added at the moment. There were ordinary divine skills like Wind Control and high-level divine skills like Light Control. Unfortunately, top-notch divine skills still couldn’t be added. It was probably because Shi Yu’s level wasn’t high enough and he needed to wait for the peak of the divine level to try.

However, as long as there were points, it was fine. After the pets returned, Shi Yu directly chose the few divine skills that should be upgraded the most in the current theory to add points.

As the previous first place… Baby Ginseng naturally enjoyed the treatment of being the first to add points.

The World Grace of Baby Ginseng and the Cultivation Fruit were both classic examples of the more benefits there were the earlier one added points.

Four months later, World King Planet.

The deputy realm lord of the Dong Huang Realm, a gem cat girl in a formal suit, received the owl happily.

“l didn’t disappoint,” the owl said. “It’s finally over.”

“You’ve worked hard,” the gem cat girl said in anticipation. “How is it?”

The owl said, “The remaining five wishing star inheritances are no longer in the range of the Cosmic Sea. Four are in the range of the cosmic overlord’s territory, and one is in the range of the Dark Kings territory…”

“If I want to find it, I might have to go on a long trip…”

“Huh?” The gem cat had a bitter expression. That was really far. She definitely didn’t dare do it herself. She didn’t know how bitter Shi Yu e s cultivation was.

It had been four months. Could he defeat a super divine level??

If possible, they could have a trip just like that.

The gem cat clearly trusted Shi Yu and his unscientific breakthrough speed.

“I’ll go ask Shi Yu. He also seems to have been wanting to go out and find Goddess Wa and the ruins of Earth,” the gem cat said. “If it weren’t for the prophecy you guys made about the Wish Star, he would definitely have been cultivating bitterly while traveling.”

Shi Yu mainly wanted to try and see if he could open the ruins of Earth mentioned by Goddess Wa without gathering five super divines with the help of Beast Shi Yu himself.

“Wait!” The owl said, “Don’t tempt him randomly. I previously predicted that he would cultivate bitterly for a year before going out to have fun. It’s only been four months… The prophecy will be successful in a few months.”

The gem cat said, “Today, I’m going to ruin your cultivation!”

“???”

“Damn it, you bad cat! Wait, I’ll go too!” It had actually used the family’s treasure to predict the location of these five wishing stars and snatched its brother’s job. It was mainly because if the prediction was successful, it would be a large amount of EXP. The owl didn’t want to miss it!