Chapter 1594 - 1594 Master Arms (3)

1594 Master Arms (3)

Moreover, if he wanted to add points, the power of the world that Baby Ginseng had neglected for a long time was finally useful. Wasn’t the power of freeloading on Blue Planet better than on World King Planet?

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

With the power of Blue Planet, the power of the Four Holy Ruins, and Shi Yu’s remaining resources, he planned to charge forward.

If it went smoothly, it shouldn’t be long before he could strengthen everyone to a top-notch divine or even a perfect god.

After packing up, Shi Yu directly returned to Blue Planet and left a pile of resources for Teacher Ying to take care of the Dong Huang Realm.

“Why are you back?” At this moment, on Blue Planet, the World Tree and Blue Planet’s Will also knew that they were famous in the Cosmic Sea.

All of this was naturally thanks to Shi Yu making enemies. Otherwise, the Blue Planet bloodline wouldn’t have had the chance to show their might. The last time Shi Yu returned, it was to avoid the limelight. What was it this time?

The World Tree suspected that… Shi Yu had caused trouble again.

“Cough, what’s with that look? I came back this time to cultivate in seclusion,” Shi Yu said. “Aunt World Tree, where’s our mother? Hurry up and get me some pseudo sources of transcendence.”

“There are still 55 left, right? Give me 35 first. I’ve also taken Senior Wang Kong’s share. I’ve already agreed with him.”

World Tree: ???

“Why do you want so many of these?” It was at a loss. Didn’t Shi Yu not have a super divine level yet?

“Hehe, it’s naturally useful. It’s to increase strength,” Shi Yu said. “Hurry, hurry, hurry.”

“I… I understand.” If Shi Yu wanted it, he would give it to Shi Yu.

“I’ll get it for you.” The World Tree sighed and took out a portion of the pseudo source of transcendence stored in Blue Planet and handed it to Shi Yu.

35 pseudo sources of transcendence could allow super divines with better aptitudes and low realms to break through 1 to 2 times. He didn’t know what Shi Yu wanted it for.

“Let’s go.” Shi Yu took away the pseudo source of transcendence and immediately left.

Naturally, he ran to strengthen Beast Shi Yu immediately.

Shi Yu returned to his hometown, Icefield. He entered the cultivation mystic realm he had established in the Ice Dragon Snow Mountain and summoned all his pets.

Before assigning the cultivation quests, Shi Yu first used the source of transcendence to strengthen Beast Shi Yu under their gazes.

Previously, Beast Shi Yu, who had fused with a pseudo source of transcendence and was fully armed with the four holy equipment, already had the battle power of a quasi epoch god. And now, under the gift of Blue Planet, his physical strength had obtained a terrifying increase again.

At that time, when Shi Yu fused him with a third of the pseudo source of transcendence, he already felt that Beast Shi Yu’s physical strength had undergone a qualitative change again, as if a god was roaring in his body.

Under Shi Yu’s control, his eyes were like stars, and his body seemed to be able to support the world, containing peerless divine power.

“Not bad.” Beast Shi Yu clenched his fists.

“According to my judgment, at this moment, Beast Shi Yu, with the enhancement of the power of faith of the Four Saints, should have the ability to fight against weaker super divines without his mental clone dispersing,” Ling said.

“Very good.” Shi Yu was also very satisfied. He felt that this pseudo transcendence source was not a waste. He continued to strengthen and fuse. After an unknown period of time, Beast Shi Yu’s body was already filled with the hazy light of the sun. After his physical strength consumed all the pseudo transcendent source of transcendence, it reached an unbelievable level.

At this moment, every pet looked at Beast Shi Yu in shock. Just looking at him and approaching him, they could feel a huge super divine pressure. This feeling was no different from them facing other super divine experts.

“Wu wu wu…” Eleven’s expression was solemn. It felt that it couldn’t defeat Beast Shi Yu anymore.

Damn it.

“Perhaps with the help of Beast Shi Yu… even if we quickly defeat one of the five super divines on Blue Planet, it’s not difficult,” Ling said.

“Unfortunately, we lack powerful offensive and defensive methods,” Shi Yu said. “If Buggy, Chi Tong, and the others reach the level of perfect gods and cultivate all their faith divine skills to perfect level, with the help of the Four Holy Ruins, Beast Shi Yu should have strength comparable to super four, right?”

Transcendent 1 to 3, transcendent 4 to 6, transcendent 7 to 9, and transcendent 10 respectively represented transcendent four major stages. The difference between each small stage might still be able to be crossed, but it was relatively difficult to cross between the major stages.

This was likewise the reason why Emperor Shi could suppress the super divine killer. Apart from the fact that the moment element was very strong, it was also related to his higher level.

Shi Yu estimated that Beast Shi Yu’s current limit, with the power of the Four Holy Pets and the Four Holy Ruins, should be more than 2 to 3. With this strength, he could bully the five super divines on Blue Planet. It wasn’t impossible to resist the super godly killer, Siphane, but there was clearly yet a gap between him and Emperor Shi and the Four Holy Ruins.

It wasn’t enough!

However, it could yet be improved.

“Yes,” Ling said. “So more strengthening needs to be completed.”

“Oh~” Shi Yu uttered tiredly, “Sigh, I’m so tired no matter what. Damn, the stronger it is, the greater the burden on the clone. Let’s do this first. I have to increase my mental might too.”

“Ling, bring everyone to a quiet place in the starry sky to refine the Star Arms. I want to sleep for a month first.”

“When you’re all done refining and I’m awake, we’ll add points.”

“Alright.”

After Shi Yu finished speaking, everyone immediately rubbed their fists and acquired their Star Stones. They were very expectant. They had wanted the Star Arms for a long time.

“Buggy, Qi, you formerly have weapons. I have something else to ask of you.”