Chapter 1600 - 1600 Wolf In Front, Tiger Behind (1)

1600 Wolf in Front, Tiger Behind (1)

In the vast universe, in the endless void, the planet was only a speck of dust.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The white battleship ran crazily in the starry sky, as if a ferocious dog was chasing and biting it behind. Its speed was extremely fast.

Now that Ling had become a perfect mechanical divine and driven the super divine level cosmic crystal, its travel speed in the universe could already exceed most super divine levels.

In the words of the gem cat, this was the power of paying money!

After all, back then, when the Space Emperor and the others searched for Blue Planet, they couldn’t bear to use the super divine cosmic crystal. If they had used the super divine cosmic crystal at that time, in addition to a battleship that could drive super divine energy, the genius of the Kirin Race wouldn’t have been swept up by the cosmic storm.

But now, in order to let Shi Yu finish early and go home, in order to ensure Shi Yu’s safety along the way, Blue Planet didn’t dare to save anymore. They all used the best.

However, although their speed wasn’t slow, Shi Yu and the others still experienced the situation of not seeing a single figure for three months.

In addition, the environment here wasn’t as beautiful as the Cosmic Sea. Before long, apart from Ling who was working hard to pilot the ship, everyone else was already sleeping soundly.

Shi Yu, the gem cat, the owl… Even Eleven and Baby Ginseng themselves ate the Cultivation Fruit and entered a sleep state to cultivate in the nutritional cabin, waiting to reach their destination.

Of course, it wasn’t sleeping all the time, but going through the cycle of adding points, sleeping, adding points, and sleeping. After Baby Ginseng reached the perfect divine level, the feedback of the supplement pet on its body had already allowed Shi Yu to add points to top-notch quality divine skills with extremely high difficulty.

Since he was here to pollute the land, Shi Yu naturally began to choose Susu’s origin fluctuations and the Star Sea Contract to add points…

Just like that, after three months, Ling finally discovered the first life planet.

“This life planet’s level has actually reached the intermediate level. The abundance of resources and the strength of the world’s power are incomparable to the planets we encountered previously. Yes, it seems like we can replenish resources here.”

“Baby, wake up,” Ling called Baby Ginseng. In the nutritional cabin, Baby Ginseng rubbed its eyes and woke up in a daze.

“Yi,” Baby Ginseng said. What?

“We discovered an intermediate-level life planet. We’ll rest here for half a day. After you go up and replenish your energy, we’ll continue forward.”

“Yi!” Baby Ginseng expressed its agreement and went to the clothes rack to get its white coat to go out.

Although they had brought a lot of resources, who knew how long they would have to drift outside? As long as they encountered a pretty good resource planet, they would absorb a little of the power of the world before leaving. This could ensure that they could sustainably add points.

“Wait.” Ling suddenly stopped Baby Ginseng, who had put on its clothes and was preparing to go out.

“What’s wrong?” Baby Ginseng asked.

“This planet doesn’t seem to be as simple as it looks.”

At this moment, as it prepared to descend to this planet, Ling suddenly realized that the state of this planet didn’t seem right.

This was a life planet similar to the Blue Planet. It was made of the ocean, the ground, and the sky. Among them, the ocean occupied most of the area. There were even fewer landmasses here than on Blue Planet. It could only be called an island, and it sat scattered on the ocean.

However, under Ling’s scan, it found that most of the ocean of this star was dyed black.

Abyssal power!

This planet might be the territory of the abyssal faction. Otherwise, it would be a planet invaded by the abyss, just like Blue Planet back then.

“Looks like I have to find you a partner.” After Ling finished speaking, it woke Susu up.

A moment later, Baby Ginseng and Susu were dragged into the observation room by Ling. They glanced at the surroundings on this planet through the screen.

“This is too much!!”

The Star Sea Sprite King with the crown looked at the polluted planet, its eyes filled with anger.

Unforgivable!

Baby Ginseng said, “Yes, yes.”

Let Susu cleanse this planet first before it extracted the power of the world. Otherwise, what it extracted would all be the polluted power of the world.

“Susu, you go first,” Baby Ginseng said. “I’ll stay behind.”

“I have the same plan.” Ling appeared and turned into an illusory mechanical vessel girl. It stood between Baby Ginseng and Susu and said, “Susu, cleanse the Abyss Sea. Because there’s a Star Sea Contract, it won’t consume power, so help this planet cleanse first.”

“There shouldn’t be any extremely divine level existences on this middle planet, so there’s nothing to worry about. The three of us can just charge over directly.”

“But to be safe, give me 10 minutes. I’ll send the exploration robot to enter the planet first before investigating,” Ling said.

There was no need to disturb Shi Yu and the others from sleeping and cultivating over such a small matter. Ling felt that it could solve it with itself, Baby Ginseng, and Susu.

A moment later, an almost invisible Rubik’s Cube little robot left the battleship and flew towards this star first.

About ten minutes later.

The reconnaissance robot Ling sent had delivered enough information about this planet.

[Name]: Heavenly Water Star

[Level]: Intermediate planet

< Introduction > It’s a natural planet two billion years old. A million years ago, a ball of strange water collided here. The planet gave birth to an autonomous consciousness and developed into a low-level planetary life form. Due to the internal environment, a large number of water-element life forms and water-element creatures were the first to evolve.

Then, the planet’s will turned into a Sea God and created the seven sea beasts to manage the Heavenly Water Star together. Just like that, the Heavenly Water Star began to slowly evolve under the management of the Sea God and the seven sea beasts.