Chapter 1007 - 1007 Demon Subduing Duck

1007 Demon Subduing Duck

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

A day later, in the west of the Heavenly Sword Nation, in a huge river that connected to the sea, a drop of water jumped out. Right on the heels of that, a figure descended by the river.

After sending Shi Yu to the Heavenly Sword Nation, Susu returned to the Beast Taming Space almost resentfully.

Pui, pui, pui, dirty, dirty.

It was really because the quality of the environment in the nearby sea was worrying, making Susu extremely stifled.

If he wanted to cleanse it, the time was not right.

“It can’t be helped. This place is relatively close to Ming Hua. The water quality over there is indeed not very clean.” Shi Yu was amused and said, “There’s no hurry. After you reach the totem level, we’ll go to the world to cleanse.”

With that said, Shi Yu slowly observed his surroundings.

Although there was a lot of information in the Intelligence Bureau Index, it was all important information about the Heavenly Sword Nation. There was really no unimportant information, such as where this was and how to go next. The Index didn’t record it at all… nor could it.

Shi Yu’s eyes were dark. He could only search for a place with people and ask around himself.

….

In a small path in the wilderness, it didn’t take long for Shi Yu to find traces of humans.

The Heavenly Sword Nation was similar to the Heavenly Fox Nation. Humans were the second largest race, so in this country, apart from the race of that demigod, humans were also above all races.

However, the group of people Shi Yu discovered didn’t seem to be in a good situation. They were in a battle and were surrounded by ferocious beasts.

Shi Yu waved a hand and turned his aura into a sword. He split open the thorns and looked into the distance. A group of people was surrounding the carriage to resist the attack of the Dead Leaf Mantis.

“Yi!!!”

On the ground, in the sky, more than ten brown mantis-type creatures that looked like dead leaves were holding large sabers. Their green eyes were always locked onto the crowd below.

Its bloodthirsty expression seemed to want to tear them apart and swallow them into its stomach.

< Name > Dead Leaf Mantis

[Stats]: Wood

[Race Level]: Low class commander

[Level of Growth]: Commander

Apart from this group of mantises, there was also a group of Duckbill Beasts…

“So there are really many Duckbill Beasts in the Heavenly Sword Nation.” Shi Yu looked over. The eight to nine people surrounding the carriage and the pets beside them were all Duckbill Beasts of high-level transcendent races, as well as the commander race evolution of the Duckbill Beast, the Duckbill Quass Beast.

However, it was normal to think about it. The Heavenly Sword Nation was an island country with many water bodies around it. It was water-element and mastered the Water Blade. Moreover, it was difficult for the Duckbill Beast race, with a huge race, not to become mainstream here.

“Ah…” But as the arm of a middle-aged guard was sliced off by the dancing Dead Leaf Mantis, blood splattered. From the current situation, Shi Yu felt that their situation was very bad.

“We finally encountered a living person. Duckie, Little Ji, chase away the insect swarm and help them. Let’s go ask for directions,” Shi Yu said. At the same time, a blue summoning array appeared beside him. A blue fat duck appeared first with a calm gaze.

“Quack.”

It stretched out its duck palm and condensed a water blade. Previously, it liked to condense the water blade into the form of a spear blade. However, after coming to the Heavenly Sword Nation, it followed the customs. This time, it directly condensed the water blade into the form of a blade and held it in its hand.

By the Sword God Duck, all the dual-blade Tyrant Dragons were trash.

Although its Water Blade proficiency had not been added points, it was already close to transcendent. After all, it was the reincarnation of a big boss, and its comprehension was very extraordinary. Moreover, it had Shi Yu’s various top-notch resources to nurture and a large amount of battle training.

Swoosh!!!

The duck’s blue figure flashed.

“Miss, we don’t have the advantage in numbers. If this stalemate continues, it’s very disadvantageous to us.”

“Next, we’re going to try to forcefully break out. Please be careful.”

In the carriage, a young woman sat nervously. She carefully pulled open the curtain and a middle-aged guard stuck to the carriage. He was covered in sweat as he looked around.

Beside him, a commander-level pet similar to the Duckbill Beast, but covered in a frost aura, was facing the Dead Leaf Mantis in midair.

Low class commander race, Duckbill Quas Beast!

“Alright… Uncle Da.” Just as the woman called Miss finished speaking, she suddenly looked at the sky in panic and said, “They’re here again!”

“Damn it.” Frost energy surged all over the middle-aged guard’s body. He activated his ice-element strengthening talent. Beside him, the Quas Blade in the Duckbill Quas Duck’s hand also spread cold air as it looked at the two commander-level Dead Leaf Mantises attacking in the sky.

The greatest disadvantage was that the Duckbill Beast couldn’t fly against the flying Dead Leaf Mantis.

The middle-aged guard and the Duckbill Quass Beast focused with all their might.

In the next moment, what made the expressions of the middle-aged guard and the girl in the car change slightly was that in the sky, a blue figure suddenly flashed and disappeared. It was indescribable, but its speed was extremely fast, even faster than the Dead Leaf Mantis that was good at flying. When the two Dead Leaf Mantises flying over saw this blue light, they almost immediately closed their blades to block as if they were facing a great enemy.

BOOM!

But in the next moment, as they touched the blue light, their sharp sickles inevitably caved in. Right on the heels of that, their entire bodies Morphed. With a huge impact, the Dead Leaf Mantis, known as the fiercest hunter in the forest, flew backward and smashed into a cloud of dust!!

Bang!!

At the same time, the owner of the blue figure descended from the sky. The Beast Tamer and the Dead Leaf Mantis in the battle were attracted by the commotion here. Under Shi Yu’s command, Duckie moved almost instantly. It slashed out twice, and the powerful power of the slash instantly sent the two ferocious beasts of the same level flying.