Chapter 1006 - 1006 Contracting The Second Team

1006 Contracting the Second Team

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Legendary Ruins.

In the deep space.

As the second team’s Little Ji, Duckie, Qi, Little Purple, and the others were currently too weak, their states were easily affected by the first team’s training, so their residences were separated from the first team.

At this moment, Ling followed Shi Yu’s command and ran over to see the situation of the second team.

As Little Zi was still a baby, it ate, drank, and played all day. It flew in mid-air to watch Little Ji, Duckie, and Qi get beaten up.

Little Ji and Duckie were still challenging a team of illusions.

Little Ji used a team of illusions to train its willpower and Skill proficiency.

As for Duckie, it used a team of illusions to train its control over the power of the abyss.

Ever since they joined the team, although they had never added points, their strength had also improved extraordinary under the cultivation of the scientific system.

For example, Little Ji’s will level had already reached medium Resistance.

Perhaps because it was relatively simple-minded and had an extremely clear goal of being the overlord of the earth, the speed at which it increased its Resistance was surprisingly fast.

Next was Duckie, who could already control the abyssal power brought by the Abyss Reincarnation Bean.

Both parties were at the stage where they could break through to the monarch level at any time and accept the divine inheritance. However, because Shi Yu, Ling, and Susu were busy training previously and didn’t have time to care about them, they still continued to polish themselves.

The Earth Divine Dragon fossil and the Abyss Seed were both extremely powerful inheritances. The more stable the foundation, the better.

“Ling Ling…” After Ling entered, Qi flew over excitedly surrounded by wind elements.

“I passed the eighth level!”

The current Qi had already used the Nature Fruit and was good at mobilizing the power of nature. Even if she didn’t bring equipment, she could be considered to have initial battle power.

At that moment, they were still training their willpower and battle skills without any equipment.

However, as the power of a god revived, in contrast, it also made the battle power brought by Qi using the Nature Fruit accelerate the loss.

After the development of the Mythical Revival Skill, Qi was getting closer and closer to awakening the quasi-divine skill.

However, the price of awakening a powerful Skill like Space-time Travel was that its other aspects would gradually become weaker.

Being too strong was not conducive to the passage of space and time. As the divine power awakened, her strength would be suppressed. Qi was already mentally prepared.

Apart from that, its image had also changed a little. The most obvious change was its size shrinking.

The originally small loli body shrank in a step and became a little elf about half a meter tall. Its physique, mental strength, and other Stats decreased.

Even Ling had a headache. At the moment, it didn’t have the ability to resist the laws at all.

“Roar!!!” “Quack ~!”

At this moment, as Teacher Ling came over, the members of the second team ran over to report their training situation as if it had been New Year.

After all, whether his training results could be rewarded with a feast and resources, or if his training would be doubled next, whether he lived or died… It was up to Ling to decide.

“You’re all pretty good.”

“I’m here for another matter.”

“Little Ji, Duckie!”

At that moment, as Ling spoke, Little Ji, Duckie, Qi, and the others swallowed their saliva, not knowing what fate awaited them next.

“Next, I have an important Quest for the two of you.”

“There will be many battles outside.”

“If it’s completed well, there might be a chance to advance to the monarch level and fuse with the Earth Divine Dragon fossil and the Abyss Seed.”

“Roar!!” “Quack!!!”

Little Ji, Duckie: (๑`- ́c)!!

The overlords of the earth and ocean were fearless!!

Charge, charge, charge.

Let the challenge be even fiercer!

Ling looked at the eager Qi.

“Qi, continue training. You’re not suitable to carry out this Quest.”

Qi: (っ̯-.)!! Ah.

“Little Zi, your infancy period has passed. Next, you’ll also start basic training.”

“Qi, you guys go together.”

Little Purple: Σ(°△°|||)!?

“Mi… (Am I? It’s only been two months.)” The cat-eared nebula’s white ball, Little Purple, was rather shocked.

On the Rubik’s Cube screen, the white-haired loli pushed up her glasses and said, “Is there a problem? I’m just one year old. Who isn’t a baby?”

Little Zi: !!!?

….

“Yo, how is it?”

After Shi Yu and President Lin ended the call, they also arrived at the second team space.

First, he went to stick to Qi and Little Purple. Then, he came to Ling and Little Ji. Duckie? What duckie? Duckie was training.

At the moment, the ten-meter-long earth-element dragon was lying on the mechanical bed, covered in earth-brown dragon scales. It was waiting to be modified.

“About a day,” Ling said.

“Okay.”

“Roar!!” At this moment, Little Ji turned its head and looked at Shi Yu curiously. It didn’t understand what kind of Quest it was this time that it actually had to be mechanically modified again.

“A very difficult task.”

“You look too strong now. We have to seal it.” Shi Yu smiled and said, “By the way, during the mission, you and Duckie can sign a contract with me, so do the surgery well!”

Little Ji: “Roar (Contract?)!!!”

“Yes, a contract.”

“The modification begins!” Before Little Ji could react, Ling directly used a high-intensity electric current to faint Little Ji, preparing to modify it.

Little Ji: Roar!!!

The miserable cry stopped.

Shi Yu wanted to go to the Heavenly Sword Ancient Nation to secretly learn Skills and crack the ruins. Be it himself or his pet, they definitely couldn’t be too conspicuous.

Duckie was actually alright. In the Heavenly Sword Ancient Nation, the Duckbill Beast was also a mainstream water-element pet. The impact of directly contracting and sending it out to battle was not big. However, when it came to that side, Duckie definitely couldn’t use the Abyss Reincarnation Bean created by Baby Ginseng.

After the abyss form was sealed, its battle power would directly lock onto the commander rank standard.

However, with the overlord’s Resistance, even if it was a transcendent race, Duckie was undoubtedly a peak commander battle power.

On Little Ji’s side, the current dragon body was undoubtedly too conspicuous. It was not a common pet of the Heavenly Sword Nation at all. Therefore, Ling planned to modify Little Ji and let it learn to switch forms with this Mechanic Skill.

Skill: Form Switch

[Stats]: Mechanic

< Introduction > It’s a high-level Skill. It can allow mechanical lives to switch between different evolution forms.

At the moment, Little Ji had a total of two stages. One was an ordinary Tyrant Dragon, and the other was an earth-element dragon. Shi Yu and the others wanted Little Ji to be able to switch to the degenerated form of the earth-element dragon, the Earth Dragon.

[Race Name]: Earth Dragon

[Stats]: Earth

[Race Level]: Low-level monarch

< Introduction > It’s an earth-element drake. It’s good at Earth Blade attacks. It’s said that after sleeping underground for a thousand years, it has a chance of evolving into a real dragon.

The earth-element dragons of the overlord race were too conspicuous in the totem country, but if Little Ji switched to the transformation of the dragons, it wouldn’t be so conspicuous. After all, there were many Earth Dragons in the Heavenly Sword Ancient Nation.

With Little Ji and Duckie’s battle experience, Shi Yu believed that even if he sealed a portion of their strength, they should be able to kill indiscriminately.

…

About a day later.

Little Ji and Duckie stood in front of Shi Yu with serious expressions.

At this moment, Little Ji had already used its form to switch and maintain an ordinary Earth Dragon form that was three to four meters long. It looked strong and cameo-like, and its deep gray dragon eyes were filled with invincibility.

“Quack.” As for the blue fat duck, it glanced at Little Ji with a disdainful expression. As expected, no matter what form Little Ji took, it looked so annoying.

“Roar!! (Stupid duck.)” Little Ji cursed.

Shi Yu rubbed his temples and looked at them speechlessly.

He wanted to show them their dark history.

Previously, when Little Ji and Duckie were undergoing dream training… Little Ji died in the dream. Duckie cried bitterly and turned evil on the spot.

Duckie died in battle in the dream. Once Little Ji’s reverse scale was activated, it was useless no matter who came.

Although they didn’t like each other in reality, they might have already developed feelings in their hearts.

Little Ji: I am the only one who can kill Duckie!

Duckie: I’m the only one who can kill Little Ji!

It would be very difficult to end this if they didn’t get married on the spot.

“Stop arguing. In any case, neither of you can defeat the other now.”

“This mission is a very good opportunity for you to strengthen yourselves.”

“I’ll bring you to the totem country to train and use the resources there to strengthen your strength.”

“After the mission is completed, the fusion of the Earth Divine Dragon and the Abyss Seed will also be arranged. When the time comes, you guys will compete,” Shi Yu said with a smile.

“Roar!!!” “Quack!!!”

Little Ji and Duckie turned around and nodded heavily.

Then, he looked at the two blue contract halos that appeared in front of Shi Yu and revealed an extremely excited expression.

After enduring for so long, could he finally be contracted and enter the first team?

Didn’t Shi Yu say that one had to have the strength to defeat the first team to enter the first team and be contracted?

Forget it, forget it.

It wasn’t for nothing!!!

However, why was the color of this contract halo a little strange??

The two pets fell into deep thought, but their intelligence didn’t allow them to think too much.

It just had to enter.

….

After contracting Little Ji and Duckie, Shi Yu packed his things and prepared to set off for the Heavenly Sword Ancient Nation.

The Ancient Kingdom of Heavenly Sword was in seclusion all year round. It was very difficult to smuggle in, but that depended on who.

Dong Huang had once sent intelligence personnel to infiltrate the Heavenly Sword Nation. The information Shi Yu obtained now was obtained at that time.

And now, as a big boss whose overall battle power was enough to rank in the top five of Dong Huang, the difficulty of infiltrating a totem country was not a problem.

He decided to let Susu do it.

It shrunk to the size of a water drop and hid in its Devour Space, letting it smuggle it in from the ocean.

“Just look like this.” Before setting off, Shi Yu stood in front of the mirror and used his body control talent to disguise himself as a young man in his twenties.

He had short black hair and a slender figure. Just by looking at his appearance, he was ordinary. He was very inconspicuous in the crowd and had an ordinary presence.

However, Shi Yu, who was used to being handsome, was still a little unaccustomed to suddenly becoming so Normal.

“Master, we’re going to the Demon Sect, right? But we don’t seem to know the location. There’s no detailed record in the Index, only saying that it’s the west.”

“Let’s talk over there. We’ll find someone to ask when the time comes.” Shi Yu smiled.

Heavenly Sword Nation.

It was divided into eight mainstream factions.

The greatest faction was the Sword God Mountain. It was where the demigods of the Heavenly Sword Nation were, and also where the Heavenly Sword Ruins were. There was a demigod presiding over it, and there were no other totem-level lives.

Next was the Sword Sect and the Demon Sect. One was good, and the other was evil. Both had Normal totems as guardians.

The strongest life form of the remaining five factions was only at the invincible overlord level. Among them, there were sect-type factions and family-type factions.

These factions had the qualifications to participate steadily in the Sword Trial. As for the other smaller factions, they were not so stable.

This time, Shi Yu infiltrated the Heavenly Sword Ancient Nation and planned to enter the Demon Sect, one of the two totem factions.

It was mainly because it was said that this Demon Sect didn’t care about the origin of the disciples. Every month, they would recruit a large number of disciples on a fixed date. Their internal strength was king, and the strong preyed on the weak. If they joined here, it should be very suitable for Shi Yu to show off and quickly advance to a genius who could represent the Demon Sect in the Sword Trial.

As for whether it would be dangerous… It was just a Normal totem faction. Going there was like returning to his home. It was super comfortable.