Chapter 1005 - 1005 Target, Heavenly Sword Nation (3)

1005 Target, Heavenly Sword Nation (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

This undead demigod was the pet of a human Beast Tamer when it was young. It was born in a sword and was a sword soul.

After the death of the human Beast Tamer, this sword soul established itself as a king and continued to pursue the Sword Dao wholeheartedly. In the end, it grew into a demigod.

Moreover, he called himself the Heavenly Sword and established the Heavenly Sword Nation. He welcomed all races to join and seek the Sword Dao together. This was the origin of the Heavenly Sword Ancient Nation.

Because of the power of the Heavenly Sword, the development of the Heavenly Sword Nation at the start was indeed not bad.

Countless royal swordsmen and transcendent lives who had mastered sword-type Skills had joined the Sword Dao family of the Heavenly Sword Nation.

Until when this demigod died, it placed its lifetime of Sword Dao EXP and the many natural treasures that could be used to forge famous swords and divine swords into an inheritance trial ruin it had built.

After that, the development of the Heavenly Sword Ancient Nation became better and better around this inheritance trial ruin.

At the moment, after thousands of years of development, apart from the most precious divine-level metal-element Meteorite Iron that no one had the talent potential to take away, there were no more materials left in this Heavenly Sword Ruins. There was only a large amount of Sword Dao EXP for sustainable inheritance.

Although the resources had already been taken away, these Sword Dao inheritances were also rare “resources”. The ruins had not been abandoned, but had always been worshiped as a holy land to nurture the geniuses of the Heavenly Sword Nation.

Every year, this country would hold a Sword Trial around the Heavenly Sword Ruins.

Through the potential and strength of the Sword Dao talent, they competed to see who was more qualified to enter the Heavenly Sword Ruins and seek a deeper Sword Dao inheritance.

That’s right, a sword competition.

This country was very strange.

Almost all the lives in the country used swords.

The Human Class could generally be divided into Imperial Swordsman and Beast Tamer.

Imperial Swordsmen were human Beast Tamers who contracted undead sword spirits, sword souls, and sword ghosts and let them possess them to fight themselves.

As for Beast Tamers, they were different from traditional Beast Tamers of various countries. Their pets, or rather, all the transcendent lives and pets in the Heavenly Sword Ancient Nation basically used swords.

They had all mastered various Sword Skills.

This was the result of generations of inheritance.

As for the most important activities in this country, the Sword Trial Conference and the Heavenly Sword Ruins trial also required Beast Tamers to only use sword-type moves to fight.

Among them, in the Sword Trial Conference, Beast Tamers who had reached a certain rank could enter the Heavenly Sword Ruins to undergo stronger trials. If their performance was outstanding, they had a chance to obtain the Sword Dao inheritance of the Heavenly Sword demigod.

Shi Yu had clearly targeted this ruin. Moreover, he wasn’t just targeting the Sword Dao inheritance.

He wanted to sneak into the Heavenly Sword Ancient Nation and participate in this Sword Trial Conference. He wanted to enter the ruins and obtain the divine-level resource that no one could obtain until now.

Even in the future, sword-type demigods didn’t obtain the recognition of the Heavenly Sword demigod. It was obvious how difficult this final resource was.

Probably no one in the current Beast Tamer of the Heavenly Sword Nation wanted that.

However, after deep understanding, Shi Yu realized that he might have a chance.

He had even passed the trial of a bunch of gods, so why would he be afraid of a mere demigod’s test?

This ruin relied on testing the talent potential of the person who entered to provide a reward. At the moment, Shi Yu had already maxed out Chi Tong’s Sword Dao Resistance and fused it with other skills into a super sword body. If such a Sword Dao talent possessed him and activated the Taiji Domain to use the Interlocking Sword, it should be unique even if it wasn’t the most unique.

It wasn’t too much to take away a divine-level metal with a top-notch divine-level Sword Dao, right?

At that time, with the divine-level metal resource and the demigod’s Sword Dao inheritance in hand, Chi Tong should have evolved perfectly.

Of course, under the eyes of the demigods and totems of the Heavenly Sword Ancient Nation, Shi Yu definitely couldn’t expose Chi Tong at the trial conference before entering the ruins. He couldn’t expose his Beast Taming level and identity. After all, the identity of a world legend was too conspicuous.

Even without these, just the legend level was too dazzling in the totem country. Young legends were almost as rare as phoenix feathers and qilin horns. There was definitely a problem with one suddenly appearing.

After being exposed, it was impossible to easily enter the Heavenly Sword Ruins guarded by a demigod.

However, it wasn’t like Shi Yu had no other choice.

Shi Yu planned to use the second Beast Taming Space to contract Little Ji and Duckie. As a Beast Swordsman, he would infiltrate a faction and participate in the Sword Trial. He would use the second team to quietly obtain a relatively normal ranking and obtain the opportunity to enter the Heavenly Sword Ruins.

Duckie, Little Ji, and the others also knew how to use swords!

Little Ji’s Space Splitting Sword and Duckie’s Water Blade!

This way, no matter how simple it was, it wouldn’t arouse the suspicion of the current demigods of the Heavenly Sword Ancient Nation.

Of course, Qi also knew how to use a sword, but as for it, the elves were too obvious. There were no elves in the Heavenly Sword Ancient Nation.

In addition, before going, he had to let Ling modify Little Ji. The mechanical dragon of the overlord race was still conspicuous. It was not bad to become an ordinary Earth Dragon. It was also a local special pet. As for Duckie, it was even easier. Although it had appeared in Inatella and exposed its Duckbill Beast form and Abyss Demon Duck form, the Duckbill Beast that had mastered the Water Blade was also a mainstream pet of the Heavenly Sword Nation. It wouldn’t attract attention at all.

Moreover, it wasn’t difficult for the duck to evolve into an excessive form before evolving into the Abyss Demon Duck.

Shi Yu could say that it had already been set up. When he entered the ruins as a high-level Beast Tamer or master-level Beast Tamer genius, without the supervision of a demigod, he could unscrupulously summon Chi Tong to attack the ruins.

After obtaining the divine-level resource, he would directly escape through the Blue Sea Ruins after coming out. Perfect.

“Is it really alright…” President Lin was silent. If Shi Yu was only going to a demigod faction to travel, he wouldn’t be worried.

However, Shi Yu was going to snatch divine-level resources under the nose of a demigod.

“No problem. I still have Senior Dragon God’s demigod protection,” Shi Yu said. “It’s unsolvable with the Teleportation of the Blue Sea Ruins. Senior Dragon God and Senior Divine Source have already confirmed it.”

“Alright then.” At this point, President Lin had nothing to say.

“But we have no foundation in the Heavenly Sword Nation. When you go there, you have to be careful. When do you plan to set off?”

“In the next two days,” Shi Yu said. He planned to nurture Little Ji and Duckie first. Just like Little Purple, he didn’t care much about these two guys. Moreover, although his second Beast Taming Space had reached level four, he hadn’t contracted a single life form. It was time to choose one.