Chapter 1004 - 1004 Target, Heavenly Sword Nation (2)

1004 Target, Heavenly Sword Nation (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Therefore, after two months of cultivation, it only reached commander rank.

Shi Yu’s cultivation focus was temporarily not on it.

Moreover, Little Zi was still a baby. It should have a happy childhood.

In the past two months, Shi Yu’s greatest gains were Eleven and the others’ skills!

Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong, Susu, Ling, and the others had almost all their skills fused by Shi Yu!!

At this moment, there were almost no low, intermediate, or high-level skills on them. They all held several super top-notch skills.

Moreover, the proficiency of these super top-notch Skills was all perfect.

Only a few special high-level Skills that were difficult to fuse, such as the Time Fruit and the Memory Water, were still left. For the time being, there were no suitable fusion targets.

In fact, Shi Yu still wanted to continue fusing, but the remaining super skills were all extremely strong super skills. The success rate of fusing with other super skills was [extremely low].

For example, Buggy’s Green Dragon Roar, Dragon Raising Its Head, Multiplication, Absolute Sleep, Super Sight, High Speed Healing, Heart Strike, Deterrence, and a bunch of other Skills were fused by Shi Yu into [Faith Physique Skill, Green Dragon Indestructible Body].

This physique skill could be said to be awesome to the point of explosion. Without relying on other abilities, Eleven’s individual Demon God Body could only be crushed in front of the Green Dragon Indestructible Body.

This skill was the same as Susu’s Blue Sea Contract. It was really too difficult to continue fusing with other super top-notch skills.

Perhaps the skill proficiency was insufficient. Perhaps the success rate of fusion would be higher after reaching transcendent.

It was also possible that Shi Yu’s physique and pet’s will were failing again and needed to continue breaking through.

But no matter what, it couldn’t continue fusing.

However, Shi Yu felt that if the remaining Skills could be fused, they would definitely be quasi-divine skills.

For example, what if the power of the starry sky and the Blue Sea Contract fused into a Star Sea Contract?

Therefore, Shi Yu could be said to be both regretful and looking forward to it.

At the moment, he had laid the foundation. It was up to the subsequent divine-level fusion.

After completing the fusion, there were not many choices waiting for Shi Yu.

First, replicate more Skills and continue fusing.

Second, adding points to the fused super Skill, the target was close to transcendent.

Third, meditation cultivation.

Fourth, add points to quasi-divine skills.

Firstly, Shi Yu had to give up. His skill proficiency had yet to be maxed out, so it was useless to have so many skills. Fourthly, it was because of the success rate of adding points to quasi-divine skills. The Skill Index also showed that it was extremely low, so Shi Yu did not dare to take that risk for the time being.

Therefore, in the end, Shi Yu chose to add some super Skills to them. Then, he meditated and cultivated the first and second Beast Taming Space.

As for the cultivation results, they were also gratifying. Although it didn’t take much time, Shi Yu still cultivated the second Beast Taming Space to level four.

At the level of high-level Beast Tamers.

Under normal circumstances, he could contract a commander-level pet.

However, with Shi Yu’s current physique, it was definitely not a problem for him to contract a monarch above his level in the second space.

However, it was more dangerous for overlords. After all, if their physiques could withstand it, the space was difficult to withstand.

Two months was actually not long. The strength of the entire team had increased greatly. However, at this moment, Shi Yu finally couldn’t sit still anymore.

He was tired of it!

He didn’t want to add points, he didn’t want to fuse, he didn’t want to cultivate.

For people like him who couldn’t stay, it was similar to the past. Cultivating bitterly for two months was almost the limit.

If he continued to hold on, his mental state would reduce Shi Yu’s efficiency in various aspects to an extremely low level.

With no news of Ancient God Golden Bull from Teacher Gem Cat for a long time, Shi Yu had already planned to head to the Heavenly Sword Ancient Nation to explore the ruins to take a breather and relax. He could also train the second team and prepare for Chi Tong’s evolution.

At the moment, the soul incarnation had also been taught and upgraded to perfect level. Chi Tong’s clones were ready. They were just short of being nurtured and fused to evolve. It was time for Shi Yu to find resources.

The Heavenly Sword Ruins of the Heavenly Sword Ancient Nation was his hunting target!

“Master, when are we leaving?” Ling said. “There’s still half a year until the Heavenly Sword Ancient Nation’s Sword Trial. There’s plenty of time.”

“It’s not too sufficient anymore. After all, we still have to sneak into other factions and obtain the participation spot. That ruin is at the demigod’s house. We definitely can’t barge in forcefully. We can only enter normally in disguise,” Shi Yu said.

Shi Yu held the vanilla in his mouth and continued, “I’ll go out and tell President Lin. He seems to have said to tell him when I go out.”

“Go and take a look at Little Ji, Duckie, and the others. I’ll go over later. The main force next is them.”

“Alright ~” Secretary Ling quickly flew over.

At the same time, Shi Yu called President Lin.

“President Lin, I plan to go to the Heavenly Sword Ancient Kingdom.”

President Lin: “?”

On the other side, President Lin was stunned.

Wait a minute, didn’t you say that you wouldn’t move for the time being and would set off after you were strong?

Only two months had passed since the world competition!

“You plan to go now??” President Lin looked confused.

“By the way, are you confident?” he said worriedly.

“Don’t worry, I’m still 80 to 90% confident.” Shi Yu smiled.

Recently, he had studied the information about the Heavenly Sword Ancient Nation to death.

The Heavenly Sword Ancient Nation was inherited from the totem era.

The origin was a demigod-level undead.