Chapter 1003 - 1003 Target, Heavenly Sword Nation

1003 Target, Heavenly Sword Nation

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

After Shi Yu successfully replicated the nine-colored divine light from the gem cat, the gem cat was furious.

Bold!

Did he not know what it meant to respect one’s master!

Although their batch of cats had been sent to Ancient Capital University as pets for the teachers and students to pet, what was its identity now!

It was angry!

The gem cat looked down at the ruins ring, ruins bracelet, and Talent Bead Shi Yu had thrown down and became angry!

This guy, it won’t deliver for him anymore!

However.

To its surprise, Shi Yu suddenly crawled back from the ruins space with a calm expression.

The gem cat: “?”

“Teacher Ying, there’s one more thing I need your help with.”

The gem cat: “?”

“After you’re done with these things, if you’re free, help me go to Inatella to take a look. That Ancient God Golden Bull still owes me a reward!”

Shi Yu was also angry. “If Inatella doesn’t open it, wait a little longer. If it’s open, go and see if the World Tree and Ancient God Golden Bull are awake.”

“If it woke up, help me urge the debt and inform me.”

The gem cat: “?”

“If the debt is urged, I’ll give you a share.”

“You can let your clone go. With Teacher Ying’s current strength, it shouldn’t be difficult to do.”

The gem cat: “Deal.”

“Sigh.” Shi Yu sighed. If Ancient God Golden Bull could awaken in a short period of time and obtain the divine-level metal-element resources it needed, Shi Yu didn’t plan to go to the totem country to play.

Although he was indeed interested in ruins and resources, there were risks after all.

Of course, Shi Yu felt that the greatest reason why he went out to have fun might still be because he couldn’t stay.

He wondered how long he could last this time…

Shi Yu and the gem cat happily made the decision to harm their clones and guard the island.

…

Then, Shi Yu continued to wreak havoc in Dong Huang’s resource bank.

After he handed over the divine-level resource, the Soul Pearl, President Lin chose to let him casually choose two Legendary resources to strengthen his strength.

President Lin should have just said it casually because he knew that Shi Yu really didn’t lack resources at the moment.

However, Shi Yu still looked at it seriously.

He planned to choose a Legendary resource for Susu and Ling to use to break through to the overlord level.

In the end, Shi Yu chose two relatively simple Legendary resources with the most common Effects for Susu and Ling.

Level-nine ice and wind energy crystals.

They were all pure strengthening-type resources that could increase one’s own Stats energy.

It wasn’t that he didn’t want a better one, but that there was nothing more suitable.

Recently, the consumption of high-level resources in Dong Huang had been very serious. Most of the more precious Legendary resources were in the hands of individuals, and there weren’t many choices left in the national resource bank.

However, although these two resources were basic, they were enough to strengthen monarch-level and overlord-level pets.

It could easily strengthen a monarch to the overlord level and strengthen an ordinary overlord to a top-notch overlord.

After applying, Shi Yu waited for the officials to deliver it to his door.

“Next, I’ll continue to work overtime!!”

By the window, the wind blew in, making Shi Yu’s hair sway messily. He took a deep breath and turned around to return to the ruins with a determined expression.

…

Two months later.

In the past two months, Shi Yu had invested all his points in the skill fusion.

Even if it was meditation, it didn’t take much time to do it. It relied on Little Purple’s automatic EXP package.

In the past two months, there had been a lot of things, but Shi Yu basically didn’t participate much.

At the celebration banquet of the World Tournament, he only ate and drank with Senior Lu and other familiar faces.

He didn’t even appear when the demigod factions like the Endless Sea and the Ghost Sea came to form an alliance. He handed them all to President Lin and the others to deal with.

There were also many other things related to Shi Yu.

On the surface, Dong Huang had a new festival, the Green Dragon Festival.

After the World Tournament ended, the country didn’t directly say that Shi Yu had cultivated a green dragon. Instead, it planned to subtly arouse people’s faith in the green dragon. Therefore, apart from some higher-ups and spectators of the World Tournament, not many ordinary Beast Tamers knew that Shi Yu had cultivated a green dragon.

It was better to maintain a mysterious and noble feeling for the gods they believed in.

Apart from that, the new National League ended. As Shi Yu didn’t participate, Ancient Capital University couldn’t get first place with their results this time, but they were also ranked in the top three.

The name of the fusion genius An Chang, who controlled the sea dragon, spread.

In the Dong Huang Recruit Martial Arts Tournament, the Nine Li Battle Beast Army led by Lin Xiuzhu also obtained first place in the entire army’s new army martial arts tournament. Their next goal was to challenge Ye Xing’s Star Army.

On Dragon Palace City’s side, Dragon Mother, who had obtained divine-level resources, even evolved into a Frost Demon Dragon. Just like the gem cat, she mixed into the strength of a top-notch totem and had a chance of reaching the Divine level, becoming a tyrant in Dragon Palace City.

The touched Dragon Mother took the initiative to be the Green Dragon Promotion Ambassador of Dragon Palace City and nurture believers in place of Shi Yu and Buggy.

Most importantly, Shi Yu had also gained a lot after cultivating bitterly for three months.

Firstly, Susu and Ling also used perfect proficiency Skills, Legendary resources, and overlord Resistance to break through to the overlord level.

At this point, all the members of Team One had reached overlord!

As for Little Zi… Although it was contracted in the first Beast Taming Space, clearly, Shi Yu had yet to treat it as a teammate.

Because its will level was too low. Even with the strengthening of the nine-colored divine light, it couldn’t teach super Skills at all.