Chapter 1009 - 1009 Shi Yu Enters The Demon Sect

1009 Shi Yu Enters the Demon Sect

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

On the way to the Demon Sect with the Chen family’s convoy, Shi Yu spent most of his time meditating in the carriage.

To increase the level of the first and second Beast Taming Spaces.

Regarding a young and powerful genius like Shi Yu, the Chen family and the others wanted to rope him in very much, but Shi Yu didn’t give them much of a chance. Apart from an alias called “Lin Bai”, they didn’t obtain much valuable information from Shi Yu.

Regarding this, Miss Chen Lin’er was very helpless. Was she not beautiful enough?

She had yet to despise this “Lin Bai” for looking ordinary.

Although he llooked ordinary, his strength was indeed strong…

“Miss, Young Master Lin, we’re about to reach the big city led by the Demon Sect, ‘Rock City’. We’re getting closer and closer to the sect…” As they approached the city, Uncle Da said.

“Let’s go to the inn to rest for a while. Young Master Chen should come out to receive us before the sect assessment…”

“Sure.” In the carriage, Shi Yu opened his eyes. The Demon Sect recruited servant disciples very frequently every month. Although there weren’t many people recruited every time, there were many times when they couldn’t hold back. Therefore, every recruitment was led by inner sect disciples. Only big shots weren’t so free.

In his conversation with the Chen family and the others, Shi Yu learned that if the people participating in the assessment were related to the sect members, sometimes the complicated entry assessment could even be waived and they could directly enter the sect.

As an elite disciple of the inner sect of the Demon Sect, the young master of the Chen family was one of the examiners this time. Therefore, the young lady of the Chen family was also planning to take this opportunity to use her brother’s position to find a good place.

For example, the mountain peak that helped the sect nurture spiritual plants was not only lucrative, but it was also easier than Quests elsewhere. It was really difficult to enter without some connections.

…

“A level-four Beast Tamer contracting a monarch race, a commander rank Earth Dragon, and a commander rank Duckbill Beast with extraordinary battle power?”

“Where did this Beast Tamer come from? His strength is not bad.”

That day, in the Demon Sect, a black-robed young man received a letter from his family. He was first nervous about the ferocious beast attack mentioned in the letter. Then, he was extremely curious about Shi Yu, who had saved a member of his family.

A group of Dead Leaf Mantises should have been forced to leave their habitat because a Mantis King had appeared in the forest. Even he didn’t want to face the wandering Mantis group head-on. However, such a group of ferocious beasts was actually scared away in a single exchange?

Even if it was a monarch race and a commander rank Earth Dragon, it shouldn’t be so crazy, right?

With deep confusion, Chen Luo left the sect mountain and arrived at Rock City. He found the clansmen who had rushed over from their families.

“Brother!!” In the inn, Chen Lin’er, the daughter of the Chen family, immediately said in surprise when she saw her brother.

“Little Sister, I’m sorry. I couldn’t pick you up because I had a Quest previously, so you encountered danger,” Chen Luo said. “However, it’s good that you’re fine.”

“It’s all thanks to Young Master Lin,” Chen Lin’er said.

“Let’s talk inside.”

The Beast Tamer of the Demon Sect, Chen Luo, pulled his sister into the room and said, “Do you know the origin of this Young Master Lin?”

“I’m not sure, but he should have joined the Demon Sect for the Diamond River and to evolve the Duckbill Beast. Moreover, he should have come from other places. Otherwise, he wouldn’t know so little about the west,” Chen Lin’er said.

“Brother, he’s very strong and even saved us. There shouldn’t be any harm in befriending him.”

Chen Luo fell into deep thought and said, “Although that’s the case, you also said that he’s very strong. After entering the Demon Sect, he’ll probably become an inner sect disciple soon. With the intensity of the competition in the Demon Sect, I’m afraid he’ll still have a conflict of interest with me in the future advancement assessment.”

“Fortunately, I don’t need the Diamond River Water for his goal in coming to the Demon Sect anymore. You won’t be able to use it in the short term. I can help him with this and repay his kindness.”

“Yes, yes.” Chen Lin’er nodded.

Chen Luo nodded on the surface, but he was calculating in his heart. He didn’t need the Diamond River Water. The other inner sect elite disciples needed to help Shi Yu and cause a conflict between Shi Yu and the other inner sect disciples. With Shi Yu’s strength, he could probably help him clean up a large number of competitors. This way, it wasn’t too much of a loss.

At the thought of this, he said, “Then I’ll visit that Young Master Lin.”

…

A moment later, Shi Yu, who was meditating in the inn, opened the door. He looked at this young talent with an extraordinary aura, and his expression didn’t change. The other party smiled and said, “Young Master Lin, I’m Chen Luo, an inner sect disciple of the Demon Sect, Chen Lin’er’s elder brother. Thank you, Young Master Lin, for saving my life.”

“It’s nothing,” Shi Yu said.

“No, no, no. This favor is huge. I’m very grateful,” he said. “I heard from my sister that Young Master Lin also wants to join the Demon Sect for the sake of the Diamond River. When the time comes, I’ll definitely help with all my might.”

“Also, I’m also one of the examiners for this Demon Sect entrance assessment… Can I take the liberty to ask about your strength, Young Master Lin?”

Shi Yu gestured for the other party to come in and sit. At the same time, he said, “I’m a level-four Beast Tamer. I contracted two pets. One is a monarch race, a commander rank Earth Dragon, and the other is a transcendent race, a commander rank Duckbill Beast. You should know about them.”

“Earth Dragon…” Chen Luo smiled and said,” Brother Lin’s strength is indeed extraordinary. Even among inner sect disciples, there aren’t many people who have monarch race pets. ”

The Demon Sect was divided into servant disciples, external disciples, inner disciples, and core disciples.

The servant disciples were basically all Beast Tamers intern. The outer sect disciples were all Beast Tamers who contracted transcendent pets, while the inner sect disciples were Beast Tamers who contracted commander-level pets. As for the core disciples, they had stepped into the monarch domain.

Contracting a monarch species pet was no different from stepping into the core level of the sect.

“However, the situation of the Demon Sect is relatively special. The new people recruited every month are basically all servant disciples. With your strength, Brother Lin, it’s naturally impossible for you to be a servant disciple. However, my authority isn’t enough for Brother Lin to directly enter the inner sect. At most, I can let you enter an outer peak like me.”

“If you want to enter the inner sect, I’m afraid you have to participate in the inner sect assessment yourself, Brother Lin.”

“It’s alright, as long as I can enter the Demon Sect,” Shi Yu said indifferently.

“Then why don’t I arrange for Brother Lin and Little Sister to enter the ‘Spirit Grass Peak’ together? Although there will be more missions to take care of spiritual plants, I can obtain two additional energy crystals every month.”

“There’s no need. Just arrange for me to go to a place where I can quickly advance through battle,” Shi Yu said.

Chen Luo smiled bitterly and said, “That’s true. Then let’s talk about ‘Demon Sword Peak’. The competition here is the most cruel, but with Brother Lin’s strength, it shouldn’t be a problem to deal with it. By the way, before arranging for Brother Lin to enter the Demon Sect, I’ll tell you about the situation of the Demon Sect first. Little Sister seems to have said that you don’t know much about the Demon Sect.”

“Alright.” Shi Yu nodded.

“Speaking of the Demon Sect, it can be said to be a good place to increase strength. After entering the outer sect and becoming an outer sect disciple, you can go to the Sword Pavilion to choose a skill manual and teach it to pets. There are low, intermediate, and high-level skills.”

“There are a total of 300 Sword-type Skills. It can be said to be an important place in the sect!”

“Of course, I can only choose one at the start…”

“So many?” Shi Yu was surprised.

300 Sword Skills? Even Dong Huang didn’t have so many!

If he taught it all to Chi Tong and fused it into a Skill, how awesome would it be?

“Of course, if you want to learn these new Skills, you also need a certain amount of resources to assist or train in special places… However, these resources and special places can basically be exchanged directly in the sect.”

“As for what to use to exchange, money, resources, everything is fine. If it really doesn’t work, we’ll bet. In the Demon Sect, we support private bets. There’s also a battle trial established by the officials. As long as we have strength, everything is fine.”

Shi Yu expressed his understanding. Although anyone could get a sword skill for free, if he wanted to learn it, he still had to rely on the sect. As for how to get resources from the sect, he would buy them.

It was all a trick.

However, it was just a mutual benefit. The sect had to maintain its operation.

“And if outer sect disciples want to advance to the inner sect, generally speaking, they need to have a commander-level pet and pass the elder’s assessment. After entering the inner sect, there are many benefits. Every month, they have a chance to enter the mystic realm of the sect and comprehend the Sword Dao Resistance of the seniors in the sect.”

“However, only by nurturing a monarch-level pet and becoming a core disciple of the sect can you truly enter the Demon Sect. At that time, not only can you choose one of the six super sword skills inherited in the Demon Sect to teach to your pet, but you also have a chance to represent the Demon Sect in the annual Sword Trial!”

Shi Yu was slightly stunned. He needed a monarch-level pet to represent the Demon Sect to participate in the Sword Trial?

From the looks of it, he had to hurry up and raise the second Beast Taming Space to level five before letting Little Ji and Duckie break through.

In Shi Yu’s opinion, these were not difficult. He could achieve them quickly.

“As for the Diamond River Water you want, Brother Lin, you have a chance to obtain it after entering the inner sect. You need to compete with a group of inner sect disciples. It’s especially cruel. Many old people who can clearly be promoted to core disciples will stay in the inner sect for the Diamond River Water. Back then, I spent a lot of effort to bribe some strong opponents and make them give up the competition to obtain this resource,” Chen Luo said.

“I see.” After Shi Yu obtained this information, he nodded. Therefore, it was time to enter the outer sect and participate in the inner sect assessment.

However, he wanted to take a look at the Demon Sect Sword Pavilion that Chen Luo said outer sect disciples could enter first.

After all, after coming to the Heavenly Sword Ancient Nation, Shi Yu still had an idea. He wanted to nurture Duckie, Little Ji, and Chi Tong’s clones.

They still had very few skills. In this Heavenly Sword Ancient Nation, there were a bunch of sword-type skills. Shi Yu felt that he could replicate them ruthlessly.

He didn’t come for nothing this time.

First, he would find his 100 Sword Skills to teach Chi Tong’s clone before fusing them. In short, this duck and Little Ji worked for Chi Tong. Of course, if there were suitable skills, they could also learn them!

“Then congratulations on entering the Demon Sect, Brother Lin…” Chen Luo looked at Shi Yu and smiled.

Shi Yu also looked at him and smiled. However, this smile immediately made Chen Luo’s heart skip a beat as he swallowed his saliva.

“This guy seems to have other thoughts?” Shi Yu looked at the other party and sensed the other party’s hidden thoughts with telepathy. However, it didn’t matter. He was just a small figure.

…

There was no need to wait until the day of the disciple recruitment. The next day, Shi Yu was arranged by Chen Luo to the so-called Demon Sword Peak in advance and obtained an outer sect disciple token and a single-story courtyard.

This single-story courtyard was located in the middle of a pile of courtyards. It looked very crowded. Chen Luo, who was leading Shi Yu, said in embarrassment, “Brother Lin, I’m sorry. I can only trouble you first. I’ve already contacted an inner sect elder I know. In a few days, you should be able to participate in the inner sect assessment…”

“After advancing to the inner sect, my residence will be much more luxurious.”

“It’s alright. Thank you, Brother Chen. In this state, I’m an outer sect disciple of the Demon Sect, right?” Shi Yu picked up the token and looked at the sword-shaped metal token with his name engraved on it. “In other words, I can go to the Sword Pavilion to exchange for a sword skill now, right?”

“That’s indeed the case… But I still have a Quest next, so I might not be able to accompany Brother Lin.”

“I’ll go myself,” Shi Yu said. He and Chen Luo exchanged pleasantries before looking at their new residence and shaking his head.

These totem countries were really backward.

The seven countries were better. Modernization was better.

In the university dormitory of the seven countries, there was at least a television, air conditioner, and fridge.

There was nothing here. It was ridiculous. How exactly did the Beast Tamers of the totem country withstand such an environment? If it weren’t for the fact that there were hundreds of Sword-type Skills he could secretly learn next, Shi Yu would definitely get tired of staying for a few days.