Chapter 1008 - 1008 Demon Subduing Duck (2)

1008 Demon Subduing Duck (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Whose Duckbill Beast is it?!”

Everyone who saw this scene was stunned and couldn’t understand. The Duckbill Beast was only a life form of a transcendent race. If it didn’t evolve into a Duckbill Quas Beast, it would be very difficult to resist these commander-level Dead Leaf Mantises.

However, this unknown Duckbill Beast displayed extremely powerful strength. In a single exchange, it killed two commander-level Dead Leaf Mantises. Its strength was simply a little stronger than the Duckbill Quass in the team.

At this moment, the guards were extremely puzzled, because there was no such strong Duckbill Beast in the team.

“Roar!!!” What shocked them even more was that with a dragon roar, an even more terrifying energy wave came out. These Dead Leaf Mantis were like birds startled by the twang of a bow, fleeing in all directions!!

As creatures that bullied the weak and feared the strong, the Dead Leaf Mantises knew very well what was a threat to them and what wasn’t. The fluctuations of the owner of this roar made them know that the powerful life form that arrived was a predator at the top of the food chain.

If he didn’t escape, he would die.

Their premonition was very accurate.

The huge roar not only scared the Dead Leaf Mantises away, but also made this group of people’s faces turn pale. They suddenly looked at the huge Earth Dragon walking four meters forward from the forest.

Its heavy body, ancient scales, huge body, and violent dragon eyes…

“It’s… it’s the Earth Dragon!!! It’s over!!”

“How can there be an Earth Dragon in such a place!”

For them, the commander-level insect swarm was something they could barely fight, and if the monarch race’s Earth Dragon was at the commander level, it would be fine, but if it was at the monarch level, they definitely had no chance of survival.

“Miss!!… No, there’s someone up there.” When the middle-aged man beside the owner of the carriage saw the Earth Dragon, his legs went weak from fright. However, as he saw a young man carrying a longsword standing on the huge Earth Dragon, his expression changed again!

Moreover, what shocked all of them again was that the figure of the Duckbill Beast that easily repelled the two Dead Leaf Mantises flashed again. It directly appeared beside the young man like a ninja and stepped on the Earth Dragon.

“Roar!!!” The Earth Dragon Little Ji shouted angrily, making this group of people’s hearts suddenly accelerate. However, Little Ji was actually angry that Duckie was standing on it like Shi Yu.

It was fine if it was Shi Yu, but he was a duck. Was he worthy?

However, in this situation, it couldn’t throw the duck down or slap it down with its tail.

Obstructing Shi Yu from posing was a serious crime.

“Gulp.” At this moment, looking at this mysterious expert who had arrived, the guards who also held swords and the girl in the car looked over nervously. Soon, the middle-aged man called Uncle Da beside the girl reacted and immediately went forward respectfully.

“Thank you for saving my life, sir.”

“If it weren’t for you, my lord, we would definitely have suffered heavy losses.”

“We still have some resources and resources in the car. Please accept them, sir. Treat it as a thank-you gift for saving your life.”

“Do you know how to get to the Demon Sect? I’m lost.” Shi Yu stood on Little Ji and ignored his words. Instead, he directly asked the question he was most concerned about.

Demon Sect!

At this moment, when he heard Shi Yu mention the Demon Sect, the middle-aged guard’s mouth opened slightly, and his expression changed. “Lord, you want to go to the Demon Sect?”

“Yes.” Shi Yu’s expression did not change.

“Sir, we’re from the Chen family of Lingshui County. Thank you for saving our lives, sir. We’re also going to the Demon Sect on this trip. Why don’t you follow us, sir? When we reach the Demon Sect, we’ll definitely send an even heavier thank-you gift. My brother… is an inner sect elite disciple of the Demon Sect.” At this moment, the woman who looked to be seventeen or eighteen years old also got out of the carriage.

She had a pretty face. It was obvious that she came from a good family. However, from her aura, she was a little unruly, but facing an expert like Shi Yu, she still restrained herself.

“You’re also going to the Demon Sect?” Shi Yu said in surprise. “Then do you know when the Demon Sect’s entrance assessment is?”

The middle-aged guard was stunned. “Lord, our Miss is going to participate in the Demon Sect’s entry assessment. The assessment is in a week, but in another day and a half, we can almost reach the cities around the Demon Sect.”

“…Lord, you’re also going to join the Demon Sect??” He was in disbelief. He felt that with Shi Yu’s strength, he wasn’t much inferior to their young master. He could definitely become an elite disciple of the inner sect. Such a genius had yet to enter the sect? Which family was he from?

“A day? Then I’ll follow you. However, you’re so weak. Is it really alright for you to join the Demon Sect?” Shi Yu said bluntly.

Too weak. It was so miserable for them to deal with a commander-level insect swarm. Was it really not a problem to go to the Demon Sect that was rolled to the extreme?

Even if he had an inner sect disciple brother… Shi Yu estimated that this inner sect disciple couldn’t reach the master level. What right did he have to speak?

“Well…” In the face of Shi Yu’s doubts, this group of people could only force a smile.

It wasn’t that they were weak, but that Shi Yu was too strong.

Uncle Da said, “Lord, please wait a moment. We’ll let the injured bandage some injuries first.”

“Lord, please rest in the carriage for a while…”

At this moment, Shi Yu retracted Little Ji and Duckie. The blue summoning array appeared and disappeared. Soon, these people determined Shi Yu’s level. At this moment, when they saw Shi Yu’s Beast Taming level and realized that he was a level-four Beast Tamer, no one was surprised.

However, they sighed in his heart. Shi Yu was so young, but he was actually only one step away from the master level. Moreover, he had contracted such a powerful Earth Dragon. He was simply powerful.

After entering the Demon Sect, he would probably be able to quickly become an elite disciple of the inner sect and have a chance to advance to a core disciple.

At that moment, Shi Yu slowly walked to the edge of the carriage and didn’t plan to go up. Miss Chen leaned over and said with admiration, “Lord, do you want to enter the Demon Sect for the Diamond River?”

Shi Yu looked at her.

“Because… you also contracted a Duckbill Beast. The Duckbill Beast has a total of two evolution paths. One is the Duckbill Quas Beast, and the other is the Demon Vanquishing Duck of the monarch race. With your strength, Lord, you definitely want the monarch race.”

“One of the conditions for the Duckbill Beast to evolve into a Demon Vanquishing Duck is the Diamond River Water, and only the Demon Sect has the Diamond River Water, so…”

Shi Yu was surprised.

The Demon Sect and the Diamond River?

The Duckbill Quas Beast and the Demon Vanquishing Duck were indeed evolved from the Duckbill Beast.

The Duckbill Quas Beast was relatively common, and the evolution difficulty was not high. As for the Demon Vanquishing Duck, it was actually a unique pet in the Ming Hua area.

There was a holy river in the Ming Hua area called the Diamond River. It was said that it had the ability to cleanse sin and cleanse filth. It was one of the holy lands of Ming Hua. The river water here could allow many pets to evolve under certain conditions.

The Duckbill Beast was one of them.

It could directly evolve from a high-level transcendent race into a low-level monarch race’s Demon Vanquishing Duck.

Although Shi Yu didn’t know how the Demon Sect of the Heavenly Sword Ancient Nation obtained the Diamond River Water from Ming Hua, one of the seven countries, it didn’t matter.

“Actually, my brother’s Duckbill Beast used the Diamond River of the Demon Sect to evolve into a Demon Vanquishing Duck. If you have such thoughts, I can get my brother to help you think of a way.”

“Let’s talk about it after we reach the Demon Sect,” Shi Yu said.

“Alright.” Miss Chen nodded.

In fact, Shi Yu was not interested in the other party’s family situation. However, on the way to the Demon Sect, this Miss Chen kept talking in his ear.

Coincidentally, the pet of the Chen family was the Duckbill Beast. It was precisely because of this that she knew so much about the evolution form of the Duckbill Beast.

However, it didn’t matter if Shi Yu purely evolved or not. When the duck’s strength increased, it could completely “degenerate” into an Abyss Demon Duck in one go. What Demon Vanquishing Duck? It was dispensable.

However, if Duckie had more Demon Vanquishing Duck forms, Susu should be very happy… he would sigh that Duckie had finally become successful.