Chapter 1002 - 1002 It'S So Exciting To Pet The Gem Cat And Run (4)

1002 It’s So exciting to pet the gem cat and run (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Is that the problem…” President Lin couldn’t help but say.

You’ve just become famous in the World Tournament, and you’re going to the demigod territory?

Shi Yu said, “I can use my control talent to change my form. As long as I infiltrate a large faction, obtain a participation spot, and successfully enter the ruins, no matter the outcome, I can instantly leave that country with the Blue Sea Ruins.”

“President Lin, don’t worry. I’ve already broken through to the Legend level and am about to have a whole team of overlord.”

“I definitely have to digest the inheritance of the World Tournament and have enough strength before going.”

“I won’t move for the time being.”

Shi Yu planned to wait until all the overlords had almost fused their skills and the second Beast Taming Space was almost opened up before going.

After all, Chi Tong’s skills had yet to be taught, so what was the hurry to nurture resources?

President Lin was stunned. He had already broken through to the legend level?

“Let me think…”

He fell into deep thought. Indeed, Shi Yu was no longer the child who still needed protection.

With Shi Yu’s strength, he was probably good enough to steadily rank in the top five in Dong Huang.

In this situation, in addition to the BUG Teleportation ability of the Blue Sea Ruins, Shi Yu might not necessarily be unable to escape even if he faced a demigod.

In the end, President Lin gave up persuading him and said, “Then choose two other Legendary resources from the resource bank to increase your strength. In addition, if you want to leave the country, you have to tell me in advance.”

“No problem,” Shi Yu said.

…

“No way, no way, you’re going out to play again.” The gem cat, who had just broken through, looked at Shi Yu nervously.

What did it just say? As long as Shi Yu didn’t let it fight a demigod, anything was fine.

But why was Shi Yu going to the demigod territory to wreak havoc in the ruins in the blink of an eye?

“Eh, Teacher Ying, you want to go too?” Shi Yu said.

“I… can go too. With my current strength, I should be able to easily protect you below the demigod level,” the gem cat said with a long sigh.

“Actually, I can go myself. Teacher Cat, help me do a few things first.” Shi Yu chuckled.

He took out three things: the ruins ring, the ruins bracelet, and the Control Talent Bead.

The gem cat was stunned.

What?

“This ruin ring belongs to Bureau 11. I don’t need it anymore. Help me pass it to Principal Feng.”

This was the plant ruin that Baby Ginseng had previously used to farm. There were already many crops such as the Phoenix Fruit, Reincarnation Fruit, and Soul Heart Fruit, but now, as his Beast Taming Space blessed by the World Tree reached level seven, this was no longer needed.

It was better to farm directly in his Beast Taming Space. It was time to return it to its owner.

“As for this Talent Control Bead, I don’t need it anymore. Leave it to Senior Lu.”

Now that Shi Yu had awakened his control talent, this was useless. He hoped that Senior Lu could rely on this to develop abilities similar to the mind domain. If there was no progress, he would give it to Senior White Brook to see if she could develop a top-notch fusion talent.

In short, there were many uses. The blessings of the next World Tournament depended on them.

“As for this ruin ring, give it to Senior Lu too. Let her pass it to Fang Lan when she’s free and let her use it in Bureau 11.”

“That’s it?” The gem cat was stunned. It thought it was something big, but it turned out to be a delivery.

No, delivery? Damn it.

“What else is there to give?” the gem cat said.

“There’s one more thing you have to take good care of.” Shi Yu chuckled and said,

“Help me send the Demon King Dragon Bone to Mother Dragon in Dragon Palace City and say that it’s the return on its last investment.”

The gem cat: “?”

Demon King Dragon Bone? That divine-level evolution material?

“What investment!!”

“I want to invest too,” it immediately said.

“Go, go, go. Didn’t I already give you the legendary crystal of the nine-colored divine light? This is a gift to thank Teacher Ying. What else do you want!!”

“Ah… It’s alright, it’s alright.” The gem cat grinned. Well, not bad, very filial.

“By the way.”

“Teacher Ying.”

“Look, a flying saucer.”

The gem cat was stunned and immediately turned to look out the window.

In the next moment, it felt Shi Yu rubbing its body from head to toe.

Shi Yu had almost forgotten. He had yet to replicate the nine-colored divine light and immediately operated it!

“???”

The gem cat suddenly turned around and looked at Shi Yu, who had slipped away, in extreme anger. “Bastard kid, what are you doing!!!”