Chapter 1001 - 1001 It'S So Exciting To Pet The Gem Cat And Run (3)

1001 It’s So exciting to pet the gem cat and run (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The gem cat immediately panicked, because the country prohibited life forms above the overlord level from randomly releasing their auras in non-combat venues in cities… At this moment, it probably made several associations feel like they were facing a great enemy.

In order to not cause turmoil in the various cities, the gem cat was so scared that it hurriedly restrained its strength and slipped back into the alternate space dejectedly. It spatially jumped into Shi Yu’s villa.

At the same time.

Shi Yu’s communicator sounded almost immediately.

From the association headquarters, President Lin.

“Shi Yu, what happened in Ping Cheng? You’re in Ping Cheng, right?”

“It reached the headquarters so quickly ~” Beside him, the gem cat widened its eyes and whispered.

“It’s nothing. I just gave the inheritance crystal of the nine-colored divine light to the guardian, Teacher Ying. It just broke through.”

On the other side, President Lin’s expression turned cold. “You actually gave the inheritance crystal of the nine-colored divine light to the guardian Ying??”

President Lin’s first thought was that it was a huge loss. His second thought was to forget it. After all, it belonged to Shi Yu. It was up to Shi Yu to give it to whoever he wanted.

The guardian Ying was also a part of Dong Huang.

At the same time, President Lin couldn’t help but be surprised by Shi Yu’s generosity. This was an inheritance that could be said to be a divine-level resource. He actually gave it away just like that.

“It’s good that nothing else happened. Looks like Teacher Ying’s gains are pretty good. Congratulations to her for me. Also, how’s your rest?”

“I’ve almost recovered from my Restoration. President Lin, do you have any Quests?”

“No, I just want to ask you what you think of the next world competition.”

“Did you obtain any relevant information about the next World Tournament and more information about Mythical Revival from the World Tree?”

Shi Yu said, “No.”

“The World Tree isn’t sure of the next competition time either.”

“Is that so…” President Lin fell into deep thought and said,” But speaking of which, did you say back then that you wanted to exchange for other resources for the Soul Pearl of the archeological Conference? ”

“Have you thought about what resources to exchange for?”

“Yes,” Shi Yu said. “I want to change to a ‘sharp’ ‘metal Stats’ resource, but after returning, I searched the resource bank and didn’t find anything suitable…”

“This…” On the other side, President Lin said,” At the moment, Dong Huang indeed doesn’t have metal-element resources of a similar nature. ”

“But wait a while. I can see if I can buy it from other countries.”

“Actually, there’s no hurry. If you don’t have it either, forget it.” Shi Yu chuckled.

“I happen to have a goal too.”

“Oh?” President Lin was stunned. “Tell me, I’ll see if Dong Huang can help you obtain it.”

“The information I found on the Intelligence Bureau Index seems to be that there’s a suitable divine-level metal material in the ruins of the Heavenly Sword Ancient Nation.”

“I like that one.”

“I feel that it’s better than Legendary resources.”

President Lin: “?”

“What??”

The Heavenly Sword Ancient Nation was an island country. The humans inside were similar to the Heavenly Fox Nation. It was the second largest race, a demigod-level totem faction. It was at the border between the east and west. Because it was beaten very badly by Dong Huang and the Seven Islands in the last totem battle, it had been in seclusion all year round. In addition, due to the national situation, like Dragon Palace City, it didn’t respond to this world competition.

The mechanism of the ruins of this country was trials and inheritances. It was naturally an important place. Shi Yu had targeted this place??

He regretted sending a spy here to collect information.

This directly hooked Shi Yu over. How could this be?

President Lin said, “What do you want to do…”

Shi Yu said, “Cough, cough…”

Shi Yu wanted to find metal resources, but he was actually preparing to give them to Chi Tong as evolution materials.

After he taught Chi Tong’s soul incarnation, every clone could be cultivated individually and needed a large number of cultivation resources.

Shi Yu’s idea was to nurture Chi Tong’s clone according to the template of the Immortal Slaying Four Swords.

The Immortal Slaying Sword had endless changes. Shi Yu planned to use the spatial resources, the Heart Flame and the Spirit World Fragment, to nurture it. Coupled with other spatial resources, he would specialize in array skills in the future.

Red light rose everywhere on the Immortal Trapping Sword. Shi Yu planned to nurture it into a fire-element sword.

The Immortal Slaying Sword represented “death”. Shi Yu planned to let it specialize in the power of undead.

As for the final Immortal Slaying Sword, it represented “interest”. It definitely needed metal-element resources. Shi Yu recalled that he still had the “Life Flame” that could help undead shape their entities. He couldn’t help but have the thought of turning a clone into a metal-element sharp immortal sword.

As a sword spirit, it naturally had to have a physical sword to possess it to display its strongest power.

Shi Yu’s first goal was the divine-level metal of this totem country. If he couldn’t get it, it would depend on whether Dong Huang could find a suitable one. If not, he would let Eleven create one.

However, although Eleven’s creation was not bad, it was inferior to Legendary resources, let alone divine-level resources. Shi Yu felt that if it evolved and wasn’t strong enough, its racial potential definitely couldn’t catch up to Eleven and the others.

It was still the legendary divine-level metal-element meteor iron that looked fragrant. If it was given to Chi Tong to evolve, it might be able to evolve into a Mythical Race.

“Didn’t the information say that this ruin of the Heavenly Sword Ancient Nation is also a trial ruin? Moreover, the Heavenly Sword Ancient Nation opens it to the geniuses of the various large factions in the country every year.”

“So I want to go over and take a look and see if I can participate.”

“I’ll take out the divine-level resources inside.”

“The records on it are quite comprehensive. This ruin only tests the candidate’s Sword Dao talent. I feel that we can give it a try.”