Chapter 1010 - 1010 Plans Can'T Keep Up With Changes

1010 Plans Can’t keep up with Changes

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Shi Yu arrived. After packing up, he walked around.

This mountain peak was very huge, and there were all kinds of facilities inside. It was said that there were thousands of Beast Tamers on a single mountain peak.

So many people also caused Shi Yu to walk outside. When everyone saw his new face, they were not affected at all. Everyone only had a straight face and were busy with their own things.

Taking out an energy crystal, Shi Yu went to the canteen to take a look. After successfully resolving the thought of not coming again, his goal was to reach the Demon Sect’s Sword Pavilion.

He showed the outer sect disciple token to the pavilion guardian elder who was like a doorman, but the other party actually put Shi Yu in without any reaction. The looseness made Shi Yu speechless.

However, when Shi Yu entered the pavilion, a young man in green welcomed him with a smile and said, “Senior Brother, you want to choose a Skill manual?”

“Is this your first time here, or are you exchanging contribution points?”

“This is the first time,” Shi Yu said as he looked at him.

“Alright, give me the disciple token. I’ll register. I can receive any skill the first time, but next time, I’ll have to spend contribution points.”

Shi Yu handed over the token.

The young man in green took the token and said, “Senior Brother, what Stats skills do you need? What are your requirements for level? I’ll bring you over.”

“I’ll go take a look myself,” Shi Yu said.

“No problem. Senior Brother, please go ahead. I’ll go register,” the other party said with a smile. Then, he left, leaving Shi Yu alone to walk in.

These Skill manuals… were all stored in a bamboo tube… They were placed in the display cabinet. Below the inside were their names, Stats, levels, and introductions…

Wind Suppression Sword… Low-level wind-element Skill… It could create wind blades to attack… It was suitable for wind-element pets to learn… Son of a b*tch, this was also a sword skill?

Wasn’t this a f*cking wind blade?

Did he think that he wouldn’t recognize him if he changed his name?

Leaf Blade… Low-level wood-element Skill… It could sharpen plants and slash… It was suitable for plant-type pets to learn…

Wasn’t this… a wood-element low-level Skill, Impregnating Plant?

They had all changed their surnames, right?

Shi Yu originally had a lot of anticipation for the so-called hundreds of Sword-type Skills of the Demon Sect, but just as he entered and saw the outermost skill manual, he couldn’t help but walk deeper.

The pet skills outside could be said to be of no value at all. He didn’t even need to come here. His third Index had recorded the learning method, and the transcendent lives by the roadside had a bunch of them who had mastered this skill.

Shi Yu directly crossed the Intermediate Skill area and arrived at the Advanced Skill area. Only then did he see some decent skills.

For example, the Wave Sword, a high-level water-element Skill. It could release a slash that contained the power of the wave. When cultivated to perfection, a slash could contain nine energy impacts. It was suitable for water-element pets to learn, and the learning difficulty was high.

Sunlight Slash, a high-level light-element Skill. It could accumulate sun light energy and form a light slash. Its speed was extremely fast…

Super heavy sword, a high-level earth-element Skill. It could create a rock blade that contained gravity. The weight of the rock blade was controlled by the user…

“Senior Brother, why are you here? The difficulty of learning high-level skills is too high. It’s better for you to choose a mid-level skill for the first time.” At this moment, the green-robed youth ran over and said to Shi Yu.

“It’s alright, I want this one.”

Shi Yu didn’t expect this Demon Sect to be so generous. A casual outer sect disciple had the chance to learn high-level Skills.

Wasn’t he afraid that someone would run away with the manual?

Well… there was indeed no need for high-level Skills. Moreover, high-level spatial sword skills definitely wouldn’t be placed here.

In the end, Shi Yu casually chose a super heavy sword for Little Ji, mainly because this skill was not recorded in the Dong Huang Cultivation Index.

In addition, after fusing with the Earth Divine Dragon fossil, Little Ji should awaken the power of gravity and lava. It could be considered to have laid the foundation in advance.

“Alright.” The green-robed young man didn’t say anything else. After returning the token to Shi Yu, he said, “Senior Brother, remember the sect rules.”

…

If he wanted to teach super heavy sword, firstly, he had to undergo special training in a gravity environment. Secondly, he needed to use “super heavy rock” as the main food and “sword rock” as weapons for special training. These three things could be found in the sect, but returning to its essence required money.

Of course, in the Heavenly Sword Ancient Nation, hard currency still had to be energy crystals.

Shi Yu naturally had as many energy crystals as he wanted.

Next, Shi Yu temporarily stayed with this fake identity, but he wouldn’t stay obediently. On the surface, he would occasionally appear, but behind his back, with Buggy’s help, he replicated skills everywhere.

In this area, Beast Tamers often fought. Once they fought, they would use skills. And with Shi Yu and Buggy’s strength, it was very simple to touch their pets without anyone noticing.

On the day he arrived, Shi Yu copied an extremely rare high-level Skill, “Sword Heart”, from an inner sect disciple of the Demon Sect. This was the same as Chi Tong’s Sword Dao Resistance. It was also a Sword Dao talent skill. Shi Yu liked this passive skill that could superimpose talent comprehension.

That night.

As he felt that the environment of the courtyard was too poor, Shi Yu left Buggy to stand guard and returned to the ruins space to stay. He prepared to teach Chi Tong the Sword Heart.

“Mimi!!!”

Chi Tong, in the form of a sword spirit, flew over happily. It was very happy that it had a new skill.

“Let me think. When the Sword Heart reaches the maximum level, what Skill will it fuse with?” Shi Yu touched his chin and thought.