Chapter 1018 - 1018 Renewable Resource, Yun An Appears (2)

1018 Renewable Resource, Yun An Appears (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

However, when Buggy reached the totem level and its spatial control reached transcendent, it shouldn’t be that difficult.

“Sword God…” Hundreds of voices echoed in Sword God Mountain. At the same time, spatial ripples appeared in the sky.

Boom.

Under a bolt of lightning, as if a sleeping sword ghost god had been awakened, the sky immediately darkened.

Crack.

In midair, a huge spatial crack appeared. Right on the heels of that, a huge spirit body covered in dark red like a demon appeared. At this moment, its body was filled with a monstrous dark aura. Evil streams surged, radiating black light that filled the sky, and its power was incomparably vast.

“Sword God…” The voice was still echoing, but as the spokesperson of the Sword Ghost God, the white-haired old man was clearly stunned when the Sword God appeared.

Because he sensed an unusual aura from the other party. It was very different from the previous years.

Including the leaders of the other factions, they also sensed the abnormality of the Sword Ghost God, but they didn’t care too much. They only thought that the Sword God had broken through again.

In the crowd, only one person’s pupils suddenly constricted, revealing an extremely incredulous expression as he looked at the sky.

This person was Shi Yu.

Because he sensed an extremely familiar Yun clan aura on the Sword Ghost God of the Heavenly Sword Nation that he couldn’t be wrong!

“How is this possible…”

“Who is it…” Shi Yu muttered in his heart.

With a boom.

Under his incredulous gaze, the Sword Ghost God that should have appeared this time to preside over the Sword Trial Conference and activated the Heavenly Sword Ruins for the geniuses in the Sword Trial Conference directly fell from the spatial ripples!! It suddenly fell!!

It was like a corpse thrown from the sky, turning into a meteor that hit the air and landed with a boom!!

Bang!!!

The corporeal spirit body of the Sword Ghost God landed on the ground, causing a huge sound, making everyone present raise their heads in shock, their gazes filled with shock, confusion, and confusion.

Looking at the huge body that had fallen in front of him, the spokesperson of the Sword Ghost God, the white-haired old man, widened his eyes almost instantly. He took a step back and said in an extremely hoarse voice,

“No, impossible.”

“This is…”

“Sword God was killed!!! Alert the entire place!!!”

….

“What?!!”

“Impossible!!”

“Lord Sword God, it…”

At this moment, as the huge body landed, the spokesperson of the Sword Ghost God let out an unbelievable shout. The Beast Tamers from all over the Heavenly Sword Nation who participated in the Sword Conference spoke in disbelief and shock.

Swoosh!!!

The Beast Tamers on the Demon Sect’s side instantly looked around as if they were facing a great enemy.

A demigod was killed?

What a joke.

“The enemy is in the sky!!!” Countless people looked at the sky.

In the sky, after the spatial ripples, black mist spread, and an even larger spatial crack appeared.

A terrifying might kept coming from it, shaking the sky and earth.

After the Sword Ghost God’s body was thrown down, a huge leg dozens of meters long first stretched out and stepped out. Then, the mountain-like monster descended amidst thunderous laughter!!

It was a huge ape filled with a dark aura. Its black hair gathered around its face like a demon, and its entire body was filled with an ominous aura.

Top-notch totem!!

Just as they saw this monster, some legend Beast Tamers present determined that the monster in front of them definitely had the strength of a top-notch totem!!

It was unbelievably strong.

Most Beast Tamers immediately sent out their pets.

Its body trembled as it prepared to fight.

But at the same time, they were very puzzled.

Although this guy looked very strong, what right did he have to hurt the Sword God?

“And…”

Many people were stunned and had frightened expressions, because this wasn’t the end. As it appeared, an even more terrifying aura that could crush the sky revealed a trace. Right on the heels of that, a ridiculously huge guy outlined a corner of its figure with a black shadow that covered the sky.

This seemed to be a deer-shaped creature. Its huge intertwined horns were like continuous mountains, and its entire body was filled with dazzling black light. Just looking at it, it was as if its heart would sink into the abyss in the next moment.

Its body was made of demon statues that danced around like prismatic metals superimposed. On these metals, white and black gradually changed, emitting a terrifying Demon God aura that was extremely oppressive.

Before the monster completely descended, the two totems sleeping somewhere in the Heavenly Sword Ancient Nation opened their eyes and revealed shocked expressions.

“Demigod…”

It wasn’t just them. At this moment, everyone on the Sword God Mountain almost fainted and crawled down after a corner of the Demon God-like monster’s figure was revealed.

At that moment, they could only see the huge black pupils and huge horns in the sky. However, it was completely enough. As the spokesperson of the Sword Ghost God, the white-haired old man had even experienced the strength of the Sword God, but at this moment…

At this moment, facing this strange monster, an incomparable fear was born in the white-haired old man’s heart. He felt that this monster was much stronger than Lord Sword God…

“Hehehehe, there are quite a lot of people.” The huge black ape looked at the surrounding Beast Tamers and laughed strangely.

“Supreme Demon God requests to talk. Representative, please come out immediately!!”

“I advise you… not to waste time.”

At this moment, everyone could tell that this huge ape with the strength of a top-notch totem could only be considered the messenger of that dark shadow. Even if they saw their country’s Sword God fall beside them with their own eyes, this unbelievable pressure made the Beast Tamers of the Heavenly Sword Nation and even the spokesperson of the Sword God not dare to act rashly.