Chapter 1015 - 1015 Duckie Evolution (2)

1015 Duckie Evolution (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The other entered the mystic realm with the help of Shi Yu and Elder Lu to comprehend the Nirvana Sword Intent in the Demon Sect’s mystic realm.

Because of Chi Tong’s powerful Sword Dao talent and the World Tree Fruit, Shi Yu only spent a few days without needing to replicate it. Chi Tong’s clone turned into the Sword of Death and comprehended the Nirvana Sword Intent.

As for the last one, Shi Yu had yet to nurture it. It was mainly because he lacked cultivation materials and was waiting for the divine-level meteor iron of the Heavenly Sword Ruins.

At the moment, these clones were even stronger than Eleven’s Bean Bear clone with the help of a pile of Legendary and even divine-level resources.

After more than half a month, Chi Tong’s evolution preparations could be said to be completely coming to an end.

At the same time, Shi Yu was not idle. He replicated a total of 21 sword-type Skills that were suitable for Chi Tong and taught them to Chi Tong’s various clones and even fusion.

As for why it wasn’t directly taught to the main body, it was because the nature of the transcendent-level soul incarnation was very similar to the fusion of skills.

In the end, the stronger the power mastered by the clone, the stronger the new Skill that could be awakened during fusion and evolution.

For Chi Tong’s perfect evolution, Shi Yu could be said to have been worried sick. He had never been so prepared for the evolution of other pets.

This was also because Chi Tong didn’t have a corresponding mind domain, and Shi Yu had also promised to evolve it into a stronger one. Therefore, it could only pile up foundation, foundation, and resources.

Of course, looking at the slender and beautiful Chi Tong practicing swordplay in the ruins every day was also one of the few opportunities for Shi Yu to relax during this period of time.

In addition, although he had been crazily learning Skills recently, Shi Yu’s own cultivation did not fall behind.

His second Beast Taming Space level had finally reached level five, master level. It was getting closer and closer to the level of the first Beast Taming Space.

The original Shi Yu complained every day that there weren’t enough contract slots. Now, the contract slots far exceeded the number of pets around him.

Now, without the spatial suppression of levels, Shi Yu could finally let Little Ji and Duckie break through to the monarch level.

“Lin Bai!” At the moment, Elder Lu, who had already become one of his own, completely didn’t realize that he had been working crazily for Shi Yu for the past month like a nanny.

“This is the Diamond River and the Demon Flower.”

When the short Elder Lu heard that Shi Yu had reached level five, he immediately applied for the Duckbill Beast’s evolution resource from the sect and ran over to offer it to Shi Yu.

“Let the Duckbill Beast eat the Evil Spirit Flower and come into contact with the Diamond River. Use the power of the Diamond River to cleanse the power of the Evil Spirit. If it succeeds, it can evolve into a Demon Vanquishing Duck.”

“If you fail, it might lose its will and fall into a chaotic state. It might even break free from the contract, so if you want the Duckbill Beast to evolve, you have to be prepared.”

“Good luck.”

“As long as your Duckbill Beast completes its evolution, you can contract two monarch-level pets of monarch races. Almost 100% of them can represent the Demon Sect to participate in this Sword Trial.”

“Thank you, Elder Lu,” Shi Yu thanked as he took the evolution resource.

After Elder Lu left, Shi Yu held the Diamond River Water and the Evil Demon Flower and fell into deep thought.

It was better to let Duckie evolve first.

Its skill column was really too pitiful.

During this period of time, Shi Yu did not forget to nurture Little Ji and Duckie, but the investment was definitely not as big as Team One.

At the moment, Little Ji, Duckie, and the others’ growth depended on Team One’s experiments.

For example, if Baby Ginseng didn’t use them as experiments, who would it use as experiments?

Therefore, Little Ji learned the super heavy sword, and Duckie also learned the Wave Sword. Little Ji was still alright. It had enough skills. After all, it was an overlord race.

Duckie was in trouble. It was only a transcendent race. It only had a total of four Skills.

Intermediate-level Water Blade, Heart Strike, Purification, Advanced-level, Wave Sword.

The other two were teaching skills, non-racial skills.

He didn’t know how many Skills the Devouring Abyss Seed could awaken after completely awakening the power of the abyss, but from the looks of it, its foundation was too weak.

Shi Yu’s first team couldn’t be nurtured yet, and he didn’t have time to find contracted skills for the second team to fuse with for the time being. Therefore, it was better to evolve additionally now. After all, the more evolutions there were, the stronger the foundation.

“Demon Vanquishing Duck, the evolution mechanism is to use the power of cleansing to suppress the power of demons.”

“It’s quite similar to Duckie’s current state.”

“After all, it’s also relying on max-level cleansing to suppress the power of the abyss.”

“I remember that the super Skill of the Demon Vanquishing Duck seems to be a skill to counter the power of demons. After learning this, it can be more stable after evolving into an Abyss Demon Duck, in case it goes berserk.”

Shi Yu carried the resources and walked into the room. He entered the ruins and left Buggy standing guard to isolate the spatial fluctuations, in case anyone discovered that he, Shi Yu, frequently entered and left other spaces.

In the ruins.

Duckie held the Wave Sword and was fighting Little Ji, who was holding a super heavy sword. It was training its strength and preparing for the Sword Trial.

“Roar!! (I am… the king of the earth!!)”

“Quack!!! (What king?!)” Duckie sent Little Ji flying with a Heart Wave Sword. At the same time, it was sent flying.

Boom!!!

In the dust, the two pets were sent flying. Shi Yu, who had just arrived inside, happened to appear as Little Ji flew backward.

Helpless, he caught and raised the ten-meter-long small machine with one hand and casually threw it to the side.

Bang.

Little Ji: Σ(°△°|||)_!!

Duckie flying backward: w(゚Д゚)w… As expected, it still couldn’t even defeat the Beast Tamer himself.