Chapter 1019 - 1019 Renewable Resource Yun An Appears (3)

1019 Renewable Resource Yun An Appears (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Without a doubt, the Sword Ghost God… was harmed by them!

But how was this possible…

Without anyone noticing…

It made the entire Heavenly Sword Nation not sense any movement… Lord Sword God was also a demigod!

“I…” At this moment, as the spokesperson of the Sword God, the white-haired old man couldn’t help but take a step forward. This step seemed to have exhausted a huge amount of courage. He raised his head and looked at the sky.” What have you done to Lord Sword God!!! ”

“Who exactly are you!!”

“Hehehehe, oh?” The huge black ape looked at the white-haired old man and smiled strangely. “That guy isn’t dead yet, but it’s no different from dead now.”

“As for us…” The huge black ape continued to chuckle.” I’m a general of the Yun Race, the Black Meteorite Divine Ape. As for this supreme lord, he’s the king of the Yun Race, no, the king of the world, Lord Yun An! ”

“Apart from that big guy, you’re the representative of this country, right? We came this time because we heard that this country has a special meteor iron and specially came to take it away.”

“I hope you can cooperate.”

“You have to know that your Sword God became like this because he didn’t cooperate…”

The black giant ape chuckled. It hoped that these people would be more tactful.

Because the king, Yun An, had just woken up, his strength was far inferior to his peak. He urgently needed to replenish his strength.

As for the divine-level meteor iron of the Heavenly Sword Nation, it was a treasure that could quickly allow it to recover its strength.

Unfortunately, this meteorite iron was sealed in a ruins mystic realm.

Although it was easy for a demigod to destroy this ruins mystic realm with the strength of a demigod, restricted by the mechanism of the ruins, if the ruins collapsed, there would also be a risk of destruction for divine-level resources.

In order to not destroy the meteorite, the Yun Race couldn’t attack forcefully. They could only find the demigods of the Heavenly Sword Nation and try to cooperate.

Unfortunately, the demigod of the Heavenly Sword Nation didn’t give him any face…

However, to the surprise of the Yun Race, the demigod of the Heavenly Sword Nation was only a dabbler. He relied on the divine-level Arms left behind by the previous demigods to have the strength of a demigod. Without possessing the Arms, his battle power was ordinary.

Moreover, this Arms was also made of divine-level meteor iron from outer space. When he saw the food, Yun An naturally didn’t hold back and swallowed the meteor iron he could see first.

As for the one in the ruins…

The Yun clan, who had already figured out the mechanism of the Heavenly Sword Ruins, planned to obtain it normally first. If it didn’t work, they could only attack and bet.

“We know that it’s very difficult to take out this meteorite normally, but you still have to try,” the huge black ape said. “Everyone present, go in and try one by one.”

“If necessary, we will also help you strengthen your strength.”

“If you can succeed and obtain the meteor iron and offer it, Your Majesty will naturally reward you.”

“And if all of them fail, it’s a pity that there’s no need for this ruin and this country to exist. Not only will we directly destroy the Heavenly Sword Ruins, but we’ll also completely sink this country into the sea!!”

“Then, do you want to cooperate?”

“Time is tight. Who wants to go first?”

…

“Brother… Brother Lin… It’s over…” At this moment, under the deterrence of a demigod and a top-notch totem, most Beast Tamers had already peed their pants in fright. They never expected that what happened today would be so strange.

Firstly, the national guardian was killed. Secondly, an even stronger external enemy targeted the treasure in the Heavenly Sword Ruins and forced the Beast Tamers present to crack and take it.

If no one could take it out, they would forcefully destroy the Heavenly Sword Ruins and destroy the Heavenly Sword Nation??

Everyone trembled. They didn’t doubt at all that the two huge monsters in front of them had such strength.

However… how could that meteorite be taken out normally? Even Sword God couldn’t take it out normally!

At this moment, the Beast Tamers of the Heavenly Sword Ancient Nation panicked.

However, among everyone, the one with the most complicated emotions was definitely not the Beast Tamer of the Heavenly Sword Nation.

Instead, it was Shi Yu who finally saw Yun An with his own eyes. He couldn’t help but tremble in excitement.

Damn!

After searching for Yun An for so long, he finally found it.

It looked like Yun An had revived in the end and escaped Dong Huang’s vision.

What shocked Shi Yu the most was that he didn’t expect Yun An to have such strength just after reviving. He was considered an expert even among demigods. Shi Yu didn’t expect it at all.

At this moment, the pressure this Yun An gave him was even higher than the demigods of all the totem clans in Inatella.

Was this the super general sent by the Abyss Evil God Race to Blue Planet? As expected, it was not something ordinary demigods could compare to.

“The Yun Race has targeted the meteor iron of the Heavenly Sword Ruins?”

“That’s true. After all, Yun An is also formed from meteor iron from outer space. This resource might also be extremely important to it.”

Motherf*cker.

At this moment, Shi Yu didn’t know what to feel.

Lady Luck Ling, was this considered unlucky or lucky?

He was finally lucky to have encountered the renewable resource, Yun An.

However, the risk of taking away the divine-level meteor iron looked even greater.

“But we can’t let it succeed. Otherwise, who knows what will happen! It will definitely be harder to deal with.” Shi Yu suppressed the light in his eyes.

He never expected that he would encounter so much nonsense on his trip to the Heavenly Sword Nation. His plans couldn’t keep up with the changes.

In the beginning, the plan was fine, but it was all in chaos. At this point, Shi Yu, who originally thought that he could handle this trip, could only use his big move.

He took a deep breath…

[Senior Divine Source, save me!] [Dragon God, save me!] [President Lin, save me!] [Sister Elven Empress, save me]… Sister Valkyrie is fine too! Shi Yu immediately wanted to send news to Dong Huang through the Intelligence Bureau Index through special channels.

Seek external help!

However, in the next moment, Ling’s nervous voice sounded in Shi Yu’s heart.

“Master… don’t. Now that the entire Heavenly Sword Nation is blocked by a special power, not only might the signal of the Index not be transmitted, but it’s very likely to be intercepted and discovered.”

“Although the Yun clan looks high-profile this time, the preparations might be very sufficient. Even in the face of a remote country in seclusion, they don’t want to expose their traces themselves.”

Shi Yu: “?”

It meant that… there were no reinforcements? Then what the hell?

Shi Yu’s mood kept changing. He flipped through his trump cards at a speed of 100 times per second.

Wait a minute, the power of the Blue Sea Ruins didn’t seem to be blocked! Fortunately, as long as he could slip away!