Chapter 1012 - 1012 Plans Can'T Keep Up With Changes (3)

1012 Plans Can’t Keep Up with Changes (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Ling even said that there was no hurry. It would be fine if it believed it. Luck was fake!

“What’s the content of the core disciple assessment?” Shi Yu asked.

Chen Luo said, “You have to defeat a monarch-level trial beast and let the elders determine if you have the potential to become a core disciple.”

“The assessment is in three days. It will last for a week. Be it inner or outer sect disciples, they can participate in the assessment. If they are promoted to core disciples, they can directly apply for cultivation resources from the sect. Brother Lin, the Diamond River water you want might be able to directly obtain it with this opportunity.”

“Then I’ll wait three days.”`

Shi Yu nodded. Wasn’t it just a requirement to have “quasi master-level battle power”?

The requirements weren’t high.

….

Three days later, at the Trial Peak.

Shi Yu arrived. At this moment, thousands of people were gathered here, surrounding a huge Duel Arena.

In the Duel arena, a pile of low-level monarch-level Sword Teeth Rhinos was standing there. Their huge bodies, sharp teeth, and metal-like bodies emitted a faint deterrence that made the surrounding Demon Sect Beast Tamers a little nervous.

Chen Luo arrived early. When he saw Shi Yu, he shouted, “Brother Lin, register and queue for the assessment here.”

“You’re an outer sect disciple now. If you want to participate in the assessment, you need to fill in the recommendation. You can just fill in ‘Elder Lu’ directly.”

“It’s fine if we don’t pass, but if we pass, Elder Lu can also have some benefits. When the time comes, after we become core disciples, he can also take care of us.”

Shi Yu said, “Alright.”

This mechanism kept making Shi Yu feel that the higher-ups of the Demon Sect encouraged their elders to rope in geniuses everywhere.

“Outer sect? Register the information.” Shi Yu went to the place Chen Luo mentioned. The registration staff handed over a brush and a booklet.

Shi Yu wrote his name and background on the booklet. As for the background, it must have been a background of a wandering genius that looked real but couldn’t be investigated after stealing the memories of many Demon Sect disciples through Buggy.

After completing it, Shi Yu went to line up.

At this moment, Chen Luo, who had been in charge of transmitting news to Shi Yu, also came over with a smile. This time, there was a man and a woman in inner sect clothes beside him.

“Brother Lin, this is Hal, this is Hong Ran. They’re both inner sect disciples, and there’s a high chance of them becoming core disciples this time. This is Brother Lin Bai, who I mentioned previously and saved my little sister.” Chen Luo introduced him to Shi Yu and the others.

Shi Yu chatted with these people with a headache.

At the same time, on the Duel Arena, the assessment of the core disciples was in full swing. On the high platform, five Beast Tamers sat on high ground, both men and women. They seemed to be the inner sect elders Chen Luo mentioned. At this moment, they were taking on the assessment of the core disciples.

Below, every person who came up had to send out their pets to fight a Sword Fang Rhinoceros in the Duel!

However, inner sect disciples were inner sect disciples after all. There were very few who had reached level five themselves, and even fewer whose pets had reached the monarch level. It was still too difficult to challenge a monarch-level Sword Fang Rhinoceros of a monarch race.

“Bang!!!” An inner sect disciple who had just gone up, under the possession of the Sword Ghost, rode a Horned Sword Horse and had a ball of Thorny Sword Grass as support. He didn’t last a round at all and was directly knocked over by the Sword Fang Rhinoceros. A huge hole was directly pushed out of the Horned Sword Horse’s body, and blood flowed continuously.

On the high platform, an assessment elder with short gray hair said calmly, “Not suitable. Next.”

The registration list was gradually transmitted to it. The expressions of these elders looked very relaxed, as if they were watching a show.

“Monarch Race, monarch-level Sword Teeth Rhinoceros… Be it that Sword Horn or Sword Teeth, they’re both shocking killing weapons. The combination of metal and earth also makes its resistance very good and very difficult to deal with. Fortunately, these Sword Teeth Rhinoceros didn’t have the intention of using super Skills and deterrence. Otherwise, none of the candidates who went up just now would have survived and would have lost even faster,” Chen Luo landed beside him and said. “Brother Lin, what do you think?” Hal and Hong Ran asked Shi Yu because even Chen Luo only knew that Shi Yu was very strong, but he had never personally verified his strength.

“It’s indeed not easy to deal with,” Shi Yu said.

These Sword Teeth Rhinos had 1 million energy points.

Little Ji, Duckie, if they didn’t erupt, it was currently tens of thousands of energy points. This was a difference of more than ten times.

In fact, it wasn’t surprising that those people lost so badly. Even he, who only used the pets of the second team to fight and didn’t expose his trump cards like the overlord’s will in normal battles, might have to be extremely serious and let Little Ji and Duckie cooperate well.

Moreover, not only did he have to defeat the enemy, but he also had to obtain recognition. In that case, he had to be even more serious, but he couldn’t be too serious.

….

“Next, Demon Sword Peak, Lin Bai.”

After a long time, Shi Yu waited for his name. So far, only two people had passed the inner sect assessment.

One was that the four pets cooperated better. Their Stats and abilities happened to counter the trial ferocious beasts.

As for the other, although the pet had yet to reach the monarch level, the Beast Tamer himself had reached level five. With the enhancement of stronger strengthening talent, he successfully defeated the trial above his level.

After hearing his name, Shi Yu looked at Chen Luo and the others, as if he was asking if they registered.

“Brother Lin, go first.” Chen Luo smiled and said, “My pet still has one injury that hasn’t recovered.”