Chapter 1016 - 1016 Duckie Evolution (3)

1016 Duckie Evolution (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

After the two pets stopped fighting, Shi Yu said, “The two of you prepare. Little Ji, go to the gravity domain created by Buggy and use the pressure of gravity to break through to the monarch level.”

“Duckie, come here and undergo an evolution breakthrough.”

“The two of you don’t have to suppress your levels anymore. Break through to the monarch level today.”

“Roar!!!” “Quack!!!”

Monarch?

Little Ji and Duckie were especially excited.

Could he finally break through?

“Roar??”

However… evolution breakthrough?

Little Ji looked at Duckie and then at Shi Yu.

“It’s the previous Demon Vanquishing Duck.”

“Roar!! (Then I’ll break through first.)” Little Ji said.

Duckie looked disgusted, not wanting to be looked at by Little Ji.

As for Shi Yu, he chuckled and directly handed the bottle of golden Diamond River Water and the black Demon Flower in the container to Duckie.

“Coming, coming, coming!!! Let me scan the evolution resources first!!”

“Ning Ning!!”

At the same time, Duckie’s big sister, Susu, and Ling, who was in charge of the team’s growth plan, also rushed to the scene immediately.

Ling was always worried that some unruly people wanted to harm them, so it scanned the resources from the outside world very strictly and seriously.

However, Susu shrugged. The evolution process of the Demon Vanquishing Duck… had to eat poison in the first place!

“Sure. Although the evolution ingredients are a little lousy, it’s enough for you,” Ling said.

“Quack # # #!!” Duckie crushed the container of the Evil Demon Flower with a tragic expression and stuffed the flower into its beak in one bite, chewing randomly.

Facing the gazes of a group of people, in the next moment, the demonic power of the Demon Flower turned into a wave that corroded Duckie’s entire body.

But…

Before it could come into contact with the Diamond River to resist the demonic power, this demonic power was directly subdued by Duckie’s powerful will and rich experience in resisting the abyssal power. Its entire body was wrapped in the demonic power, and Duckie’s expression was calm…

Quack…

That was it?

Ling: “Stop being cheeky. Activate some abyssal power to integrate into the power of the demon and come into contact with the Diamond River.”

“Quack!!!” Upon hearing that, Duckie nodded. In the next moment, it took out an Abyss Reincarnation Bean and swallowed it.

At the same time, the duck crushed the bottle containing the Diamond River Water. Golden water flowed down its arm and into its entire body!!

Its cleansing water was also filled with weak power at this moment.

In an instant.

A monstrous demonic aura first appeared on the duck’s body. Then, right on the heels of that, under the light, a holy golden light that was like a Buddha began to go against the demonic aura.

“Quack!!!”

As the duck shouted, the overlord’s will erupted, and its energy level rose steadily.

100,000… 200,000… 500,000… 1 million…

In the end, the duck’s energy level stopped at 2 million.

Shi Yu was very surprised.

Because the Demon Vanquishing Duck was only a low-level monarch race, and the proficiency of the duck’s Skill wasn’t that high, could its energy level be so high after evolution?

It should be the overlord’s Resistance, the power of the abyss, and the power of purification that strengthened the evolution Effect…

Unfortunately, there was only one super Skill.

However, even so, his Demon Vanquishing Duck shouldn’t be as simple as a low-level monarch race. He felt that it could be evaluated as a quasi overlord race.

Under the golden evolution light, Duckie’s body also reached nearly two meters tall.

The blue skin had already disappeared from its entire body. In its place was a valiant duck form that looked like it was drenched in golden water and had the color of a Vajra Buddha!!

“Quack!!!” The Duck King Kong glared, its deterrence and domineering aura revealed. Metal water lingered in its hand, and a pestle-shaped weapon condensed in its hand!!

Skill: Demon Subduing Pestle

[Level]: Super

[Stats]: Water

< Introduction > It’s a weapon skill that can eliminate various sins and destroy various evil powers.

…

< Name > Demon Vanquishing Duck

[Stats]: Water

[Race Level]: High-level monarch (Quasi overlord)

[Level of Growth]: Monarch level

[Race Skill]:

“Intermediate”: Water Blade (transcendent), Heart Strike (transcendent)

“Advanced”: Heart Sword (Initiate)

“Super”: Demon Vanquishing Pestle (Initiate)

[Teaching Skill]:

“Intermediate”: Purification (Dao Proficiency)

“Advanced”: Wave Cannon (expert), Deterrence (Initiate)

“Roar…” At this moment, Little Ji sized up the extremely holy duck, whose energy fluctuations looked stronger than it imagined. It was slightly silent.

So fierce?

As for Susu, it was very gratified that Duckie’s Demon Vanquishing Duck form didn’t look so dirty anymore.

“Ning!!”

It was worth encouraging.

“Quack!!!” At this moment, Duckie excitedly displayed its strength to Shi Yu, Susu, and the others.

Apart from the Demon Subduing Pestle, there was also the Heart Sword.

Skill: Heart Sword

[Level]: High

Stats: Spirit

< Introduction > The saber slashes the body and the heart slashes the soul. The Heart Sword can cut off the seven emotions and six desires of the enemy.

“Quack!!” Duckie looked at Little Ji, indicating that it could assist it in training its reverse scale skill. The Heart Sword could suppress its anger and quickly increase the proficiency of the reverse scale, but the premise was to admit that land was also the territory of the sea!

“Roar!! (I’ll break through now. Fight after breaking through!)”

Facing the aggressive duck, Little Ji felt very pressured.

“Demon Vanquishing Duck, one of the unique pets in the Ming Hua area. It’s a little like Buddhism,” Shi Yu said. “Alright, another Buddhist and Demon dual cultivator from the second team.”

Although its evolution was a little turbulent, Shi Yu understood that it should be even smoother after it fused with the power of the abyss and mastered the abyss form after seeing Duckie successfully awaken the Heart Sword and Demon Subduing Pestle.

At least, it wouldn’t be easily lost by the power of the abyss.

“Roar, roar, roar!!!” After Duckie evolved and broke through, Little Ji also ran to the gravity area with high fighting spirit.

Damn it, seeing that Duckie was a little extraordinary after its evolution and breakthrough, Little Ji felt that the pressure of gravity alone might not be enough. It wanted to apply for a Purification breakthrough with gravity and magma with Buggy. Duck!

…