Chapter 1013 - 1013 Plans Can'T Keep Up With Changes (4)

1013 Plans Can’t Keep Up with Changes (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Shi Yu couldn’t deny it and walked towards the Duel Arena.

At this moment, as Shi Yu walked to the Duel Arena in the clothes of an outer sect disciple, the surrounding crowd instantly discussed.

“Outer sect?”

“What’s going on?”

“I heard that if an elder recommends it, the outer sect can also directly participate in the core assessment. It should be a genius pulled over from the family by an elder at the last minute.”

“It depends on his strength.”

On the high platform, as Shi Yu walked out, a plump beautiful woman looked at the short and wretched old man beside her. “Elder Lu, the person you recommended.”

“Huh?” Elder Lu was stunned. At first, he had no impression of Shi Yu, but then he remembered that an inner sect disciple with pretty good talent seemed to have recommended someone to him.

Contracting an Earth Dragon of a monarch race definitely had the potential of a Master. If it grew normally, it would definitely become a core disciple.

“I casually recommended it. I don’t know its strength either, but it should be pretty good,” Elder Lu said casually. That inner sect disciple wouldn’t lie to him.

Under everyone’s gaze, Shi Yu had already stepped onto the Duel Arena. On the other side, an extremely oppressive Sword Fang Rhinoceros slowly walked out from the beast crowd.

It was more than five meters long and two meters tall. Its body looked very cumbersome, but it also looked extremely strong. It was wearing thick armor-like skin, and there was a sword-like horn on its mouth. In addition to the two sword teeth under its mouth, it looked like a three-blade swordsman.

“Roar!!!” The metal-like figure roared, and a cold light flickered in its eyes.

After the huge Sword Teeth Rhinoceros was released, it moved towards Shi Yu. At this moment, under everyone’s gaze, Shi Yu also summoned his pet.

Hu hu hu ~

Gusts rose, and the blue light spots quickly connected into a trajectory, forming a huge circular array that looked like a star map. It appeared on the ground.

“Blue summoning diagram, level-four Beast Tamer. This outer sect is indeed not simple.” Seeing Shi Yu’s level, everyone was slightly surprised and revealed as expected expressions.

In the next moment, their expressions were even more shocked.

“Roar!!!” Because the figure that appeared on the summoning array was actually a dragon!!! It was covered in earth-brown dragon scales, and its impressive and domineering deep gray eyes prostrated on the ground. Its body was even larger than the Sword Teeth Rhinoceros!!

“The drake of a monarch race, the Earth Dragon!! What’s his background? It’s fine if it’s a monarch race, but it’s actually a dragon.”

“Also…”

“Duckbill Beast? It’s not the Duckbill Quas Beast, but the Duckbill Beast?!”

“Wait, there are only two?” Everyone was first shocked by the pets of the monarch race, but when they saw that the second pet Shi Yu summoned was only from a transcendent race and that he had only summoned two pets, they were quickly extremely puzzled.

“Roar!!” Little Ji was smug. Trash duck, even if it retreated, it looked stronger than it.

Duckie: Damn Duckie.

Boom.

Before they could be too puzzled, as if it had sensed the threat of the Earth Dragon, the Sword Teeth Rhinoceros’s movements began to become restless. It roared and its deterrence erupted!!

Boom!!!

Fortunately, it was only a proficient-level deterrence that had yet to form a monarch aura. Little Ji and Duckie opposite were not affected at all. After all, they had a medium-level will and an overlord’s will. They were not kidding.

“Roar!!!” At the same time, the Sword Teeth Rhinoceros directly charged over. Moreover, two sword teeth and a sword horn directly flashed with golden-brown light. Seeing this, most disciples opened their mouths wide. They didn’t expect this Sword Teeth Rhinoceros to use the super Race Skill, Triangular Heavy Sword.

Was it the dragon bloodline of that Earth Dragon that gave it pressure?

“It’s a super Skill right from the start. It’s not easy for the other party to resist. They don’t even have a chance to circle around and find an opportunity.”

“Let’s see what Beast Taming Talent he has. He doesn’t look panicked. He definitely has a very powerful Beast Taming Talent…”

Everyone judged that Shi Yu’s only chance of victory was in his Beast Taming Talent. However, the subsequent development was completely different from what everyone imagined. Shi Yu had no intention of activating his Beast Taming Talent at all.

“Roar!!” In the face of the full-strength attack of the monarch race’s monarch-level Sword Teeth Rhinoceros, the huge Earth Dragon directly collided with it with red eyes. Its body collided with the triangular heavy sword. This scene directly stunned everyone.

Did he want to die!

A level lower and even withstood super Skills with his body… The challengers with holes in their bodies just now were a lesson!!

However.

Under the Sword Teeth Rhinoceros’s huge strength, everyone discovered in disbelief that the Earth Dragon’s physical strength was also terrifyingly strong. Its scales actually only shattered slightly, and fine patterns appeared. It couldn’t even be considered a light injury!

“Roar!!!” Little Ji roared.

Trash, although its energy level was limited by its low level, its physique had long exceeded ordinary commander ranks after being beaten up for so long. Moreover, with the activation of the reverse scale, Little Ji’s physical potential increased further.

“It’s the Earth Dragon’s super Race Skill, the reverse scale. This skill strengthened its strength. However, this commander-level Earth Dragon can actually control the Crowd Control reverse scale state.”

This scene also made the inner sect elders reveal surprised expressions. There were two ways for the Earth Dragon to control the Crowd Control’s reverse scale. One was the proficiency of the reverse scale, and the other was will. This Earth Dragon’s will was probably extraordinary.

However, what they didn’t know was that Little Ji was a weirdo. He purely didn’t dare to be angry and lose his mind, afraid of being beaten up.

The two Behemoths collided. In the next moment, with a boom, although it was sent flying with the Earth Dragon’s insufficient strength and its huge body was smashed out, the Sword Teeth Rhinoceros was clearly knocked out for a moment. Its body retreated and it was stunned on the spot for a moment.

In the next moment, the Duckbill Beast that had been ignored by everyone moved. It opened its closed palms, and two water blades appeared in its hands. The moment Little Ji was sent flying, its figure flashed.

Hu…

Water ripples seemed to flow out of the duck’s mouth, eyes, and mouth. With its full concentration, it had been waiting for this heart attack for a long time.

Its movements were like flowing water as it descended on the monarch-level Earth Dragon’s head that was stunned for a moment. Two water blades directly stabbed into the Sword Teeth Rhinoceros’s weakness, its eyes!!

“Roar!!!”

The water exploded!

The Sword Teeth Rhinoceros’s huge body retreated again. Its eyes, mouth, and nostrils kept bleeding as it released its Skill crazily in pain.

Under the threat, the duck stepped on its body and gently retreated, landing on the ground.

This attack was an absolute heavy blow to the Sword Teeth Rhinoceros. No one expected that this duck would only use two Skills to give an opponent one level higher than it such a fatal blow. It could still concentrate on using the Heart Strike despite the deterrence. This Duckbill Beast’s battle awareness exceeded everyone’s imagination.

“Quack! (Neck.)”

However, everyone realized that Shi Yu and the others’ continuous skills had yet to end. The Duckbill Beast retreated. The huge Earth Dragon that was sent flying actually didn’t look injured at all. Dust surged, and with bangs, its hands condensed Earth Blades. It kept running close to the Sword Teeth Rhinoceros and easily dodged its panicked attacks. It directly slashed at its second weakest neck.

Because of Duckie’s attack, the Sword-Toothed Rhinoceros didn’t have the consciousness to use its defense skill at all. Under Little Ji’s slash, everyone saw that the Sword-Toothed Rhinoceros’s huge body was directly sent flying by the sword. It fell to the ground and its limbs twitched.

Although it still had strength, its weakness had been attacked consecutively, and its brain’s consciousness was already blurry!

The dragon and duck quietly stuck close to each other and looked at the enemy with great tacit understanding.

As for Shi Yu, he nodded unsurprisingly. The disciples and elders watching the battle revealed shocked expressions.

This guy’s battle experience… What was going on… Not only was there no pressure to fight above his level, but he also suppressed the other party?!!

“Brother Chen, you’re wrong. This guy isn’t strong at all. This guy is abnormal.” Chen Luo’s two friends were shocked when they saw Shi Yu’s performance.

“Good!!!” At this moment, after being stunned for a moment, Elder Lu directly laughed and said, “Well fought. It’s been a long time since I’ve seen a Beast Tamer fight so cleanly among inner sect disciples.”

“You pass. From today onwards, you will also enjoy the nurturing treatment of a core disciple.”

Elder Lu was completely overjoyed. He didn’t expect Chen Luo to push a genius like this guy to him. This Lin Bai… seemed to have joined the Demon Sect for some Diamond River water? To let the Duckbill Beast evolve? This was easy. As long as he could reach level five as soon as possible, it was just Diamond River water. It was easy.