Chapter 1017 - 1017 Renewable Resource Yun An Appears

1017 Renewable Resource Yun An Appears

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

After Duckie evolved and broke through, Little Ji also followed suit.

In an extremely high pressure and high temperature environment, it unearthed its potential to the extreme.

After it broke through, its energy level reached 2.5 million, steadily suppressing Duckie.

After all, Little Ji was an overlord race mechanical phantom beast modified by Ling with the Tyrant Dragon and Earth Dragon fossils. In terms of potential, it definitely exceeded ordinary Demon Vanquishing Ducks. This was also normal.

The premise was that Duckie shouldn’t take medicine to awaken the power of its previous life.

In short, after both parties were done, Little Ji and Duckie started a new round of battle…

Shi Yu chose to ignore it…

As long as their battle didn’t go wrong,

It could increase each other.

He basically turned a blind eye.

…

Time passed quickly. After learning that Shi Yu had broken through, while Shi Yu continued to add points to Chi Tong. Elder Lu had already successfully recommended him as one of the Beast Tamers of the Demon Sect who represented the Demon Sect in the Sword Trial.

This time, there were a total of 32 core disciples recommended by the Demon Sect. They were all above the Master level. There was even a young sect master who had reached the legend realm.

However, perhaps in the eyes of the Demon Sect, most of the people were accompanying this junior sect master, so they didn’t pay much attention.

“The value here has almost been drained dry.” In the courtyard of the core disciple, Shi Yu counted the gains he had replicated here during this period of time and was very satisfied.

Now, they were just waiting for the final retraction…

A few days later.

Shi Yu followed the large group of the Demon Sect and crossed the west of the Heavenly Sword Nation to the Sword God Mountain in the center of the Heavenly Sword Nation.

This land was vast and boundless. The mountain was ancient and steep, like a sword that pierced into the sky. As he gradually went deeper, Shi Yu could sense that this was definitely an ancient battlefield.

Even a wild grass by the roadside had weak sword intent fluctuations.

“As expected of the Holy Land of the Heavenly Sword Nation.” Chen Luo sighed.

In a month, Shi Yu didn’t know how he broke through to level five and obtained a monarch-level pet to represent the Demon Sect in the competition.

However, after careful counting, the Beast Taming strength of the totem country was indeed far inferior to the seven countries.

“Sword God Mountain is ahead. After arriving at the Holy Land, no one is allowed to act on their own.” The leader of the Demon Sect this time was the legendary sect master of the Demon Sect, Mo Ling, a cold beautiful woman.

It was said that it was born with a sword body and had a rare Beast Taming Talent strengthened by sword intent. It was adopted by the totem guardian of the Demon Sect, the Dark Heaven Sword Feather Divine Eagle. After defeating the previous legendary sect master, it successfully succeeded the throne.

The so-called Demon Sect looked impressive and was one of the two major factions of the Heavenly Sword Nation. In fact, it was equivalent to doing odd jobs for the totem-level Dark Heaven Sword Feather Divine Eagle.

After all, compared to searching for food daily, it was more convenient to have a group of servants prepare it for him.

Every month, the sect had to offer a large number of energy crystals to totem creatures. They couldn’t miss a meal. Totems like the gem cat and the owl definitely liked this very much.

“Master, it’s someone from the Sword Sect.” Beside Mo Ling, a young man in his twenties with sharp eyebrows and starry eyes suddenly looked at the sky.

“Roar…” Several overlord-level flying dragons were dragging a huge floating palace and also flying in the direction of the Sword God Mountain.

“Don’t worry about them,” the higher-ups of the Demon Sect said calmly when they saw their greatest competitor, the Sword Sect.

Shi Yu mixed in the crowd and yawned. It had nothing to do with him. He couldn’t wait to enter the ruins anymore…

At the same time, he hummed a tune in his heart.

“Beast Taming… Young… Man. After experiencing hardships and suffering, I endured the long night…”

…

Soon, the group from the Demon Sect arrived at the Sword God Mountain and arrived at their mountaintop.

The Sword Trial Conference was a grand event in the Heavenly Sword Nation. Dozens of factions of various sizes gathered, and Beast Taming geniuses from all over the country gathered.

At the same time, it was also one of the few times when the Beast Tamers of the Heavenly Sword Nation could worship the current demigod of the Heavenly Sword Nation, the Sword Ghost God.

The current demigod of the Heavenly Sword Nation was also an undead life form like the founder of the Heavenly Sword Nation.

It could even be said that they were all from the same race and were born from antique swords. In this era where antique swords couldn’t become spirits, it could be said that there were fewer and fewer old antiques like them who had survived the old era.

After Shi Yu and the others arrived at the mountaintop of the Demon Sect, they looked at the main peak. There was a white-haired old man meditating with his eyes closed.

This was the host of the Sword Trial Conference and also the spokesperson of the Sword Ghost God. He was also the only titled legend Beast Tamer in the Heavenly Sword Nation. During the period when the Sword Ghost God was sleeping, he was in charge of representing all matters.

“We’re all here, right?” On various mountain peaks of various sizes, various factions had already gathered. At this moment, as more and more people gathered, the white-haired old man finally opened his eyes.

“Before the Sword Trial begins, please, Sword God!!” Although he was old, his voice was very penetrating, spreading to every tall mountain.

“Please, Sword God…” As he finished speaking, the representatives of the factions, including Sect Master Mo Ling of the Demon Sect, spoke at the same time, regardless of their status.

In fact, before Shi Yu came, he had also been taught the procedures of the Sword Trial by Elder Lu. At this moment, he was like a charlatan as he muttered with everyone.

“Please, Sword God…” It was just a sentence. He only wanted the Sword God of the Heavenly Sword Nation to quickly come out and open the door to the mystic realm for him.

After arriving, Shi Yu let Buggy secretly sense it. He didn’t sense any Heavenly Sword Ruins. As expected, it wasn’t that easy to find a ruin close to the divine level.