Chapter 1011 - 1011 Plans Can'T Keep Up With Changes (2)

1011 Plans Can’t keep up with Changes (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Mi!! (Scapegoat!)”

“How much do you hate scapegoats? I can’t fuse it. Keep it.” The corners of Shi Yu’s mouth twitched.

At the moment, Chi Tong indeed only had one high-level Skill, scapegoat.

< Name > Chi Tong

[Race Skill]:

“Super”: Interlocking Sword (Perfect), Sun Flame (Perfect), Spirit Release (Perfect), Flame Spirit Sword Body (Perfect), Myriad Sword Convergence (Perfect), Phoenix Sword Will (Perfect), Star Fire Sword Formation (Perfect), Curse Flame (Perfect)

[Teaching Skill]:

“Advanced”: Scapegoat (transcendent)

“Super”: Undead Revival (Perfect), Soul Incarnation (Perfect)

In the two months of bitter cultivation, most of Chi Tong’s Skills had been fused by Shi Yu.

For example, the original profundity skill, Myriad Sword Convergence, was fused from possession, clone, and multiplication. It perfectly inherited the Effect of the three and its potential increased greatly. This could not only be Chi Tong’s main body, but also Shi Yu’s body, or even an enemy.

For example, the Phoenix Sword Intent was fused from Sword Dao Resistance, Phoenix Deterrence, and other Skills. In terms of pressure, it was even fiercer than simple royal max-level deterrence, catching up to the Green Dragon divine might brought by Buggy’s Green Dragon Indestructible Body.

Coupled with the Sword Skill Entanglement, there was an even greater enhancement.

The Star Fire Sword Formation was a fusion of the Energy Storage Beam, the Four Symbols Star Formation, and the Flame of Guardian. The greatest characteristic of this sword formation was that after creating it, it could automatically absorb the light of the stars and ignite the Star Fire. It was an almost eternal existence. A little Star Fire could start a prairie fire. Apart from that, the sword formation had a spirit and could also transform into a sword-shaped crystal as a protective equipment.

The Cursed Flame was the fusion of the Demon Blade Curse and the Nether Ghost Flame. Compared to the previous Nether Ghost Flame, its power would be even more terrifying when combined with the Sun Flame to execute the Interlocking Sword.

Of course, the burden would also be greater. The world where only the scapegoat was injured was born.

“As for the Sword Heart, it should be able to fuse with the Phoenix Sword Intent or the Flame Spirit Sword Body,” Shi Yu said. “Forget it, I’ll add points first.”

“Fill it up and delete it as soon as possible before replicating other Skills.”

“Mimi!!”

….

The next day.

To Shi Yu’s surprise, Chen Luo found him again so quickly.

For the past half a day, he had been adding points and successfully fused the transcendent Sword Heart into the Flame Spirit Sword Body to increase Chi Tong’s strength…

“Brother Lin, good news.”

This time, Chen Luo’s expression was a little abnormal, as if he was very emotional.

“What’s wrong?” Shi Yu was surprised.

“Do you know how many countries there are outside our Heavenly Sword Nation?”

Shi Yu revealed a puzzled expression.

“There’s always someone better. I’ve heard of it before.”

“Yeah…” Chen Luo said.

“I have news that our Heavenly Sword Nation might be opening the country soon!!”

“It’s said that a while ago, news came from the outside world.”

“The era that belongs to gods is about to revive. There are even gods who have already awakened. Even under their auspices, more than 100 countries have gathered. The geniuses of more than 100 countries have carried out a battle that shocked the world.”

“Is that so?” Shi Yu was rather surprised.

“More than 100 countries?”

“Yes, it’s said that the culture of these countries is completely different from ours. What technology, magic, or even beastmen? It’s very strange.”

Wasn’t the Heavenly Sword Nation in seclusion? It looked even more feudal than the Heavenly Fox Nation. It was fine if the news of the World Tournament reached the ears of the higher-ups of the Heavenly Sword Nation, but now, even such a low-level Beast Tamer knew? Shi Yu was curious.

“I heard that in the competition at that time, legends could be said to be everywhere. Masters are inferior to dogs!”

“Moreover, these geniuses are all under the age of 30!”

“It’s worth more than our country’s Sword Trial Conference…”

“Unfortunately, I couldn’t see it with my own eyes or see the content of the battle.” Chen Luo’s expression was especially regretful.

Shi Yu was calm.

It wasn’t a big problem.

Although he didn’t see the process of the competition, he saw the world champion.

“Then…?” Shi Yu asked.

“It seems to say that such a competition will be held soon. Our Heavenly Sword Nation didn’t participate the last time, but this time, we seem to be interested in participating.”

“Everyone in the sect is discussing this now. I also learned about it from an elder with a good relationship.”

Shi Yu understood. This was because the demigod of the Heavenly Sword Nation had missed the first-hand news of the Mythical Revival and was regretting it now.

Perhaps it originally thought that it was just an ordinary world competition, but who knew that it would actually expose such explosive news like Mythical Revival?

“The current situation is that this year’s Sword Trial Meeting, the Heavenly Sword Ruins trial, seems to be held in advance. It’s in a month. Moreover, it’s the largest trial. The country wants to choose a batch of geniuses with potential and immediately concentrate on nurturing them.”

“Fight in that special competition!”

“And our sect is also expanding the position of core disciple recently because of this. There’s no need for a level-five Beast Tamer or a monarch-level pet. As long as your potential and talent are not bad, you can directly become a core disciple and enjoy the cultivation of the sect. Then, you can participate in the Sword Trial next month.”

“I told that elder about your situation. He said that you can directly participate in the core disciple assessment. Of course, I can also participate.”

“Really?”

“Of course.”

Shi Yu’s heart skipped a beat. Good lord, good lord. Fortunately, he came to the Heavenly Sword Nation in advance. Otherwise, if he delayed for another month, wouldn’t he have directly missed the ruins trial? He didn’t know how long it would take to enter again.