Chapter 1014 - 1014 Duckie Evolution

1014 Duckie Evolution

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Brother Lin is mighty…”

“He’s simply like a god descending to the mortal world.”

Shi Yu came down from the Duel Arena. After coming down, everyone looked at him in shock. Chen Luo and the others, who knew Shi Yu, opened their mouths slightly and squeezed over.

Especially Chen Luo. He knew that Shi Yu was very strong, but he didn’t expect him to be so ridiculously strong.

“It’s alright,” Shi Yu replied calmly, thinking to himself that they sure knew how to talk.

Although it was an ancient totem country, its words were much better than modern people.

If this were those Beast Tamers in university, they would definitely say “F*ck”, “Impressive, awesome”, and “lmao ~” again.

The current university student Beast Tamers were really uncultured.

“This is too clean.” Chen Luo still couldn’t help but exclaim. He guaranteed that he wouldn’t be as smooth as Shi Yu when he went up.

“It’s nothing. I just experienced too many battles when I was wandering,” Shi Yu said. “Where should I go next? I should be considered a core disciple now, right?”

The elders just now seemed to have said that he passed.

Chen Luo said, “When today’s assessment ends, an elder will take the initiative to look for you. Brother Lin, don’t worry.”

“Why don’t we celebrate first in order to congratulate Brother Lin for advancing to the core?”

“I’ll definitely do it next time. All the best. I’ll wait for the elder to contact him.” Shi Yu left cleanly, stunning Chen Luo and the others. F*ck, so what if he had advanced to the core? Why was he so reclusive?

…

After completing the core disciple assessment, Shi Yu decisively waited.

It was almost evening.

As expected, Elder Lu, who was in charge of the core assessment, appeared outside Shi Yu’s residence.

“Is Lin Bai here?”

Before he could say anything else, a Spirit Worm Silk suddenly flew out of the room.

It entered his body without him noticing.

Level-six Beast Tamers and inner sect elders were considered relatively core higher-ups.

Next, Shi Yu planned to use his identity to completely settle down in the Demon Sect to avoid endless trouble. As for being one level higher, Buggy’s influence was not that stable.

After Buggy controlled his mind through the Mother Empress’ Psychic power, this Elder Lu was immediately stunned.

Elder Lu: ( ̄” ̄*) Aba Aba Aba Aba, genius, genius!!!

He had to take it in as a disciple!

A moment later, not only did Shi Yu obtain the clothes and token of a core disciple, but he also became a super genius worth nurturing in Elder Lu’s eyes!

If it weren’t for Buggy constantly affecting his decisions, he would have immediately taken Shi Yu in as a personal disciple.

With a high-level tool like Elder Lu, Shi Yu felt that he should be very comfortable next.

In the room, Shi Yu held the core disciple token and analyzed it carefully.

“Inner sect disciples can enter the mystic realm on the mountain and help their pets comprehend sword intent skills.”

“Sword Intent Skill, to put it bluntly, is a skill similar to deterrence. It’s similar to Dragon Might, but the foundation is stronger than deterrence. It can directly wrap around and increase the power of the Enhancement Skill.”

“Chi Tong has already fused the Phoenix Sword Intent through max-level Sword Dao Resistance and deterrence. Learning ordinary sword intent is just icing on the cake.”

“The key is one of the super inheritances of the Demon Sect, the Nirvana Sword Intent… Before leaving, I have to learn or copy this.”

After becoming a core disciple of the Demon Sect, he would have a chance to learn one of the six super skills. The Nirvana Sword Intent was one of them, and also the most valuable one. It was a sword intent skill that contained the nature of death.

Under the attack of the Nirvana Sword Intent, all life would be severed.

However, this skill was very difficult to learn. At the moment, the Demon Sect only seemed to have two transcendent lives who had mastered it. One was the totem guardian of the Demon Sect, and the other was the trump card Sword Pet of the current Demon Sect Master.

Of these two, one was a totem-level creature, and the other was a Legend-level Beast Tamer with pretty good strength. It was probably not easy to replicate it without anyone noticing.

However, he had to take this skill.

Shi Yu wanted to replicate it and teach Chi Tong’s soul incarnation.

It was just nice to reflect the Spirit Ascending Saber given by the Boar God, life and death.

Although there was also a chance for skills like Undead Revival to cultivate the Death Law, it was not a sword-type skill that focused on attack after all.

After thinking about it, Shi Yu prepared to directly go to the Holy Land to study it when the time came. With Chi Tong’s talent and comprehension, what if it directly learned it?

But now, from Elder Lu’s memories, the most important thing now was to become a level-five Beast Tamer quickly.

If he couldn’t reach level five in a month, even if an elder recommended him, it might be very difficult to represent the Demon Sect to participate in the Sword Trial. The threshold of the Sword Trial this time might very well be raised to level five.

In short, when he reached level five, it would be the true core. During this special period, if he was valued by the elders, it was even possible to directly obtain pretty good resources!

…

Nearly a month later.

Under Elder Lu’s care, Shi Yu was like a fish in water in the Demon Sect.

As he was a genius that Elder Lu valued and nurtured, no one came to disturb Shi Yu.

Shi Yu was happy to be free and cultivated Chi Tong in depth.

First was Chi Tong’s Soul Incarnation Skill, which had been completely upgraded to transcendent by Shi Yu.

Just like the superalloy back then, Chi Tong’s evolution skill was also very extraordinary this time. Its proficiency was very high.

There were a total of four clones in the transcendent-level soul incarnation.

At the moment, these four clones began to be cultivated by Shi Yu one after another.

One swallowed the Heart Flame and the Spirit World fragment and mastered spatial changes, transforming into a spatial sword.

One grew with the help of the Flame of Regeneration and kept comprehending the laws of life, turning into a sword of life.