Chapter 1021 - 1021 Emperor Wu Appears (2)

1021 Emperor Wu Appears (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

This way, he could even directly teleport away from the Heavenly Sword Ruins. The risk of being intercepted would be even smaller.

“I’ll give it my all.”

At this moment, many weak Beast Tamers had complicated feelings.

He looked at the Heavenly Sword Ruins with a burning gaze.

Seeing such an opportunity in front of him, even if the situation of the Heavenly Sword Nation was in danger, he still chose to rush into the Heavenly Sword Ruins first.

Although the chances of helping the Yun Race obtain the divine-level meteor iron were minimal, the ruins were also a trial inheritance land. It was always beneficial to enter and stay a little longer.

Before the large factions could move, many Beast Tamers of small factions couldn’t resist the temptation and entered the ruins through the Sword World one after another.

The first level of the Sword Tower lit up.

However, most people were not qualified to enter the Heavenly Sword Ruins to begin with. In less than a minute after entering this trial ruin, they were defeated in the first level and ejected from the ruins.

The faces of the Beast Tamers who were ejected turned pale, as if they had experienced a nightmare and lost their vitality. Their expressions were very ugly.

“King…” Seeing this scene, the black giant ape was silent. Was this the standard of the Beast Tamers in this country?

Although they had placed more hope on the few legend Beast Tamers who took out the divine iron, these low-level Beast Tamers were too lousy.

There were a total of nine levels in the Heavenly Sword Ruins. They couldn’t even pass the first level?

Now, the reason why they let these low-level Beast Tamers give it a try was also because the Yun clan hoped to see if they could choose a few good seedlings to brainwash and modify.

After all, the Yun clan was weak now and urgently needed to replenish new blood.

Trafficking people from such a super faction in seclusion and secretly developing was the first step for the Yun Race to make a comeback.

If the Divine Iron was something they wanted, they also wanted humans and transcendent lives with talent and potential.

….

The Heavenly Sword Ruins could only withstand the trial of lives below the totem level. There were a total of nine levels.

The current highest record was passing the eighth level.

However, only by passing the ninth level could one obtain divine iron.

“All Beast Tamers of the Demon Sect, listen up.”

At this point, on the Demon Sect’s side, the legend sect master, Mo Ling, looked in the direction of the silent guardian’s residence and took a deep breath. “You guys should also enter the Heavenly Sword Ruins.”

“This is a rare opportunity. You should try my best to increase your strength.”

The sect master of the Demon Sect immediately guessed part of the Yun clan’s thoughts when he saw that not only did the Yun clan let legends like them prepare, but they also let a bunch of trash try the ruins trial.

Even if the Yun clan didn’t successfully obtain the divine iron in the end, as long as someone displayed enough talent value, they should still have a chance to live.

At the moment, this Heavenly Sword Ruins was the place to show its value.

In order to prevent the Demon Sect from being completely destroyed, she immediately gave the order to let the disciples of the Demon Sect enter the ruins and try their best to clear the levels to obtain strength.

At most, she would change a demigod to follow. It was better than dying. She didn’t believe that the other party could be ruthless and destroy a bunch of humans who had reached the Legend level and were willing to rely on Yun An.

However, not everyone had the same awareness as Sect Master Mo Ling. Many people’s expressions were not very good.

For example, Chen Luo looked like he had lost his parents. “How can I still be in the mood to carry out the trial inheritance now…”

“The Heavenly Sword Nation is about to fall.”

“Eh, Brother Lin, you’re not trembling anymore?”

Chen Luo saw Shi Yu recover from his trembling fear and said.

“Let’s go.”

Shi Yu glanced at the devastated Chen Luo beside him and walked towards the Sword Tower with a smile.

This smile stunned Chen Luo.

You’re still smiling? Are you crazy?

No one cared about a little guy like Shi Yu.

Too many Beast Tamers like him had entered the ruins.

Buzz!

The spatial ripples trembled slightly, and Shi Yu disappeared.

…

The Heavenly Sword Ruins had a total of nine levels. Each level had a Sword Puppet projection protecting it.

The Sword Puppet projection mastered a special super sword intent.

It could be said that every Sword Puppet was the power projection of the late Heavenly Sword demigod, carrying the Sword Dao EXP of the Heavenly Sword demigod.

Fighting them, be it victory or defeat, was the moment closest to the Sword Dao EXP of the Heavenly Sword demigod.

Many pets with good talent comprehended a new Sword Dao Resistance in the battle with the Sword Puppet.

However, the trial had many benefits, but the difficulty was also very high.

Although the energy level of every Sword Puppet would be adjusted to the standard level of the challenger’s realm, their skill proficiency became more and more terrifying as the number of levels increased.

The first level’s sword puppet had mastered expert level super sword intent. The second level was perfect level, and the sixth level had even reached transcendent level.

If the challenger was a monarch-level pet and walked to the sixth level, it would face an enemy who had mastered transcendent proficiency super sword intent.

Even if this enemy only had monarch-level attributes and no other skills, and even had to fight many alone, just a transcendent super sword intent was not so easy to defeat.

It was precisely because of this terrifying difficulty that no one had been able to clear the Heavenly Sword Ruins until now.

The divine iron had also been sealed for a thousand years.

At this moment, as Shi Yu entered the Heavenly Sword Ruins, he had already arrived at an endless sword world.

He didn’t see anyone else. They had probably been teleported to different spaces.

In this red world that was like a sword tomb with many sword projections buried, Shi Yu soon saw a sword puppet slowly walking towards him.

Its image was like a terracotta soldier. It held a stone sword and was filled with sharp sword intent.