Chapter 1026 - 1026 Evolution Of The Chi Tong God

1026 Evolution of the Chi Tong God

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Dong Huang South Sea.

In the dark deep sea.

A water cube-shaped ruins mystic realm welcomed the first light in the long silence.

“Yun An seems to be very afraid of Emperor Wu.”

“They’re all scared silly.”

“Sigh, look at how scared the child is.” Shi Yu shook his head and smiled.

Exciting.

With the divine iron in hand, he would take off.

He would arrange for Chi Tong to evolve No

He had to report to President Lin first.

Shi Yu was stunned and looked up.

Right on the heels of that, his figure appeared on the shining sea surface from the deep sea bottom.

Because they were close to Dong Huang, the communication tool immediately had a signal.

At the moment, Shi Yu’s communication tool was hurriedly calling out to President Lin.

This was because the moment he was about to leave through Teleportation, Shi Yu also teleported the edited encounter footage back to Dong Huang through the Intelligence Bureau Index.

In that situation, even if Yun An sensed it, it was useless.

Now that President Lin was in such a hurry, he probably wanted to ask about his situation.

After all, his genius had encountered the king of ancient totems on a trip. Who could withstand the stimulation?

After the World Tournament ended, Shi Yu’s name would definitely have long entered the ears of the Yun clan.

It was definitely a must-kill target of the Yun Race.

Shi Yu could imagine Yun An’s shock when he heard his name.

“President Lin.”

Shi Yu called back. Old Lin’s unstable voice immediately came from the other side. “Shi Yu, where are you now? Are you alright?”

“It’s alright. I just used a Blue Sea Ruins in the South Sea as a springboard to escape.”

“It’s good that you’re fine. It’s ridiculous. Yun An actually appeared in the Heavenly Sword Nation. I really don’t know if I should say that you’re unlucky or unlucky Is that Yun An really that strong?” President Lin said.

In Shi Yu’s message, he told Dong Huang about Yun An’s traces and the fact that it had killed the Heavenly Sword demigod.

At the same time, it reminded Dong Huang not to act rashly. Its main goal was to track and lock onto the traces of Yun An first, not to start a war directly.

“Well, it has already recovered and has demigod-level battle power.”

“Moreover, it gives me a very special feeling The combination of the Space Race and the Mythical Race allows it to have strength that far exceeds ordinary demigods,” Shi Yu said.

Some biological races, even if they didn’t master the power of the natural order, didn’t mean that they were weak.

For example, Shi Yu’s Green Dragon Buggy was a god of faith in the starry sky. In the eyes of those gods, although it had yet to master the power of laws, it was not necessarily inferior to a race that had mastered quasi-divine skills.

This Yun An was similar.

Even excluding the power of laws it mastered, it also had powerful starry sky methods similar to the Green Dragon, vaguely giving Shi Yu a huge threat.

Moreover, the law divine skill it mastered shouldn’t be weak.

It was the prototype of a high-level law, mainly the power of darkness.

Shi Yu subsequently understood that the power of laws was divided into Normal, Advanced, and Top.

For example, a single Wind Law and Frost Law were Normal Laws.

A hybrid law like Ling’s Wind of Luck was a high-level law.

As for a hybrid law divine skill formed by opposing attributes like the Yin Yang Millstone, it was clearly a top-notch law.

Of course, be it Eleven, Ling, or Yun An, they had yet to master the true laws.

Their quasi-divine skills were still in the prototype of laws. If they wanted to transform into real laws, they still had to endure training.

Moreover, the higher the level and quality of the prototype of the law, the more difficult it was to transform into a real divine skill and increase proficiency.

The difficulty of increasing the Yin Yang Millstone was several times that of the Wind Blessing. This was also reflected in the risk hint of adding points.

When these quasi-divine skills were raised to perfect proficiency, they could be upgraded to real divine skills.

And the increase in high-level and top-notch laws was so difficult. It meant that there were great benefits.

When they transformed into real law divine skills, the racial Stats of transcendent life forms would also be stronger.

For example, Ling’s race level was not at the bottom of the Mythical Race. Instead, it would be a high-level Mythical Race that would complete a new life evolution because of the transformation of a divine skill.

As for Eleven, it was a top-notch Mythical Race.

With one divine skill, it was comparable to other gods having several Normal divine skills.

This was also why Ancient God Golden Bull and the others were so shocked to see Eleven master top-notch laws.

Low-level divine-level races had an ordinary law divine skill!

A middle-level divine-level race had two Normal law divine skills!

High-level divine-level races had three Normal law divine skills or a high-level law divine skill!

A top-notch divine-level race had four Normal law divine skills, two high-level divine skills, or a top-notch law divine skill!

And before the divine skill took shape and was still in the quasi-divine skill stage, no matter the quality of the power of laws contained in this divine skill, it couldn’t be considered a complete law. It could only be at the bottom of the Mythical Race.

After all, no matter how high the quality potential of a quasi-divine skill was, it was inferior to the weakest divine skill.

Only by truly becoming a divine skill could one be considered to have mastered laws and be considered divine-level.

Of course, after reaching the divine level, if one wanted to increase their battle strength, it mainly depended on the proficiency of the divine skill, not the quality of the divine skill.

Moreover, there were also some top-notch laws that were not suitable for battle, such as spatial travel.

But it was undeniable that at this stage, the quality of quasi-divine skills largely determined the battle power of demigods.