Chapter 1023 - 1023 Emperor Wu Appears (4)

1023 Emperor Wu Appears (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Only when they reached the sixth level did Shi Yu and Chi Tong raise their spirits slightly.

This was because although the guardian of this level only had 50 million energy points, he had mastered the transcendent super sword intent. His Skill proficiency was so high that it had even exceeded Shi Yu’s main force.

After all, even Eleven and Chi Tong had yet to master a transcendent active attack Skill.

However, this level was still not very difficult for Shi Yu and the others.

After all, the opponent’s energy level was half as low as Chi Tong’s, and there was only one Skill.

Chi Tong’s sword clone alone might make it hard, but when Chi Tong used two or more super top-notch sword skills to form the combination profundity, the situation instantly reversed.

It had to be said that Chi Tong’s skills were too strong.

Moreover, they were all skills that could be combined.

Sun Flame and Curse Flame were both top-notch super Skills.

When their two intertwined swords formed an extremely terrifying power, together with the sword clone, it was enough to resist the sixth level.

On this foundation, Chi Tong could also wrap the Phoenix Sword Intent and use the Flame Spirit Sword Body to unleash a stronger and more dazzling attack.

Even this was not Chi Tong’s limit. After all, it could still use Myriad Sword Convergence to increase its battle power to the limit.

In fact, after reaching his limit, it could even possess Shi Yu and exceed his limit.

Did he think this was the limit? After all, Chi Tong’s four sword clones were all created by transcendent super Skills. They were all very powerful. When the four swords fused, they were invincible.

It was as if the totem sword god had descended.

The most terrifying thing was that the price of such an eruption could even be endured by the scapegoat of Undead Revival.

It was not easy for a trial set up by a demigod to stump Shi Yu and the others with such shocking battle potential.

“Divine iron, my divine iron…”

…

When Shi Yu was challenging the level, there was already a huge commotion in the outside world.

At the moment, the legend experts who the Yun Race had high hopes for didn’t directly enter the ruins.

Instead, they were detained by Yun An and the others to force them to adapt to new Arms and stimulate their potential.

Holding the new Arms, the expressions of the legend experts were ugly. Although the radiation power inside could greatly increase their state, the price was irreversible damage. It consumed life potential.

“Old man, you reached the eighth level previously, right? With this sword, are you confident of passing the eighth or even the ninth level??” the black giant ape asked him.

“This…” Looking at the demonic aura flowing to his arm, the spokesperson of the Sword Ghost God was already completely silent.

“At the cost of my life, there might be hope for the eighth level, but the ninth level…”

“Even if you can’t, you have to. In short, the fate of the Heavenly Sword Nation is in your hands,” the black giant ape said coldly.

Just as it finished speaking, a change occurred in the Sword Tower.

Finally, someone passed the second level.

Because most of the Beast Tamers who had just entered couldn’t even pass the second level. They even lost in the first level.

The guardian Sword Puppet in the second level had mastered the perfect super sword intent. Unless a true Legend Beast Tamer went in to challenge, even if it was a level-six Beast Tamer, there was a high chance of failure.

Everyone looked at the sword pagoda of the Heavenly Sword Ruins.

With a look… Pa, the light on the third level lit up right on the heels of that.

The Beast Tamers of the Heavenly Sword Nation were stunned.

Right on the heels of that, the fourth level lit up.

The fifth level lit up!

The sixth level!

In a short period of time, before anyone could pass the second level, the light of the Sword Tower actually directly rose to the seventh level. Every level stopped for almost a minute, really stunning the people outside.

“What’s going on?”

“Who’s challenging the level?”

The black giant ape looked at the white-haired old man and the other legends of the Heavenly Sword Nation who were adapting to the Meteorite Sword and immediately asked.

That shouldn’t be the case.

Weren’t the high-end battle power of the Heavenly Sword Nation all here? To be able to grow to this level, their talent potential was undoubtedly the strongest in the Heavenly Sword Nation.

At the moment, the high-level records of the Heavenly Sword Ruins were all in their hands. This group of people had yet to enter, so what was the situation with the Heavenly Sword Ruins now…

“Oh?” At this moment, seeing a Beast Tamer from the Heavenly Sword Nation climb to the seventh level in just a few minutes, even Yun An’s gaze flickered slightly.

However, before they could be too surprised, the light on the eighth level flashed.

This person killed his way to the eighth level in less than ten minutes!

For thousands of years, the highest record of the Heavenly Sword Nation was only passing the eighth level and reaching the ninth level.

Now, the most talented Beast Tamer in the Heavenly Sword Nation, the white-haired legend cultivated by the Sword Ghost God as the spokesperson, had only reached the eighth level.

And now, not only did this mysterious Beast Tamer instantly reach the level of the white-haired old man, but he was also only a step away from the highest record. At this moment, the people of the Heavenly Sword Nation were stunned.

“This… How is this possible?”

“Did a legend go in?”

The white-haired old man holding the Meteorite Sword looked in the direction of the Heavenly Sword Ruins in shock.

If there was no Legend level on the eighth level, it was definitely impossible to reach this level.

After all, no matter how talented a monarch-level pet was, it was difficult for it to defeat an enemy who had mastered transcendent proficiency super sword intent.

“Ten minutes, eighth level?” The sect masters of the Demon Sect, the Sword Sect, and their respective legend junior sect masters also looked at the changes in the Heavenly Sword Ruins in disbelief.