Chapter 1022 - 1022 Emperor Wu Appears (3)

1022 Emperor Wu Appears (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

It wasn’t the only one. Even the surrounding buried sword shadows were wrapped in strong sword intent. It was indeed a holy land of swords.

Sword-type pets fought and trained here. It was difficult for their growth speed to not be fast.

“A sword puppet with only 50 million energy points?”

At that moment, Shi Yu stood in the distance and could sense its power fluctuations. It had already reached the overlord-level standard, about 50 million energy points.

Shi Yu, who was wearing a black tight battle suit and a short gray shirt, a core disciple uniform of the Demon Sect, grinned.

“Interesting. Looks like the Heavenly Sword Ruins has judged my first level. Is it the first level opponent prepared for me according to the legend standard?”

“An overlord-level sword puppet that has mastered expert-level super sword intent…”

As Shi Yu muttered, a golden light suddenly appeared on the Sword Puppet.

To put it bluntly, sword intent was a special deterrence similar to dragon might and phoenix might.

A sharp sword intent erupted from the Sword Puppet and its Arms, instantly turning into a golden hurricane that attacked Shi Yu.

Expert level super metal sword intent!

The Gust’s sharp aura that was like a rain directly turned into a shocking killing weapon, stimulating the spirit and soul.

However, such an attack was too weak for Shi Yu.

In fact, if it weren’t for the fact that the power of the ruins suppressed the other power systems apart from Sword-type Skills, Shi Yu could have insta-killed it with his Psychic power.

At this moment, the feeling this ruin gave Shi Yu was that if he wanted to forcefully use other power systems, he would immediately be rejected by the ruins space.

Almost kicked out of the space.

In the Heavenly Sword Ruins, only sword-type Skills could be used.

“Forget it.”

“Chi Tong, I’ll leave it to you.”

“Test my improvement during this period of time through this ruin.”

“Mi… (Mm.)”

As Shi Yu finished speaking, a huge black summoning array appeared in front of him.

Flames rose in the sky. In the flames, a human figure appeared!

She had a beautiful face and was wearing silver armor. She had red hair and red eyes that draped over her shoulders. Her phantom body that looked like a soul body was wrapped in Phoenix spiritual aura that was like the flames of the sun. Her aura was peerless!

Its eyes were also filled with sharp sword intent.

[Name]: Chi Tong (Sword Maiden Form)

[Race Skill]:

“Super”: Interlocking Sword (Perfect+), Sun Flame (Perfect+), Spirit Release (Perfect+), Flame Spirit Sword Body (Perfect+), Myriad Sword Convergence (Perfect+), Phoenix Sword Intent (Perfect+), Star Fire Sword Formation (Perfect+), Curse Flame (Perfect+)

[Teaching Skill]:

“Advanced”: Scapegoat (transcendent+)

“Super”: Undead Revival (Perfect+), Soul Incarnation (transcendent)

Buzz!

Four sword projections appeared around Chi Tong.

In one, the sword was silver-white, containing purple light that reflected the profundity of space.

In one, the sword was bent and red, and red light lingered around the entire sword body.

In one, the darkness and blue-green death aura on the sword intertwined, containing nirvanic death fluctuations.

The last one was the most ordinary at the moment. However, red patterns lingered on the sword body, emitting the simplest sword edge.

These four sword clones were all condensed by Chi Tong through its soul incarnation and cultivated through various resources.

Three of them had already begun to show their power. Only the fourth Immortal Slaying Sword that represented “sharpness” was still lacking a piece of metal divine iron.

At this moment, facing the enemy who had mastered the sharp metal sword intent, Chi Tong decisively pulled out the Immortal Slaying Sword clone that represented sharpness.

Then, the other three sword clones dimmed. Cracks appeared on the ground where Chi Tong was, and the space where it was instantly collapsed. Its figure flashed, and as its red hair fluttered, the Arms in its hand had already collided with the Sword Puppet!!

Clang!!!

The sword in Chi Tong’s hand and the sword in the Sword Puppet’s hand were filled with a sharp metal edge.

“Mi. (I’ll accept your sword intent.)”

At this moment, Chi Tong was like a talented Sword Dao genius. In just a round of collision, all the Sword Dao EXP of the Sword Puppet that had mastered the Sharp Metal Sword Intent seemed to be unable to hide from it.

This was a top-notch Sword Dao talent brought about by the multiple nurturing of the max-level Sword Dao Resistance, Sword Heart, and World Tree Fruit.

Bang!!!

The sharpness of the sword in Chi Tong’s hand became stronger and stronger. In a breath, the sword in the Sword Puppet’s hand was smoothly divided into two, and the Sword Puppet’s entire body was also divided into two. The golden sword light was extremely sharp.

“Hu…” Chi Tong saw the figure of the enemy in front of it disappear. It gently swung its sword, and the tip of the sword touched the ground as it looked at the surrounding sword projections.

“Forget about this. It hasn’t improved you much. Even the opponent just now is a little too weak.” Shi Yu slowly walked over and patted her shoulder, indicating for her to follow.

Chi Tong:!!!

Chi Tong immediately nodded and jogged beside Shi Yu to head to the second level with him.

….

On the second level, it was a sword puppet with an energy value of 50 million and had mastered the perfect super Heavenly Thunder Sword Intent.

On the third level, it was a sword puppet with 50 million energy points and had mastered the super perfect super Storm Sword Intent.

The opponent was getting stronger and stronger, but without a doubt, it was killed by Chi Tong in one hit again.

They were still used by Chi Tong to train the sharpness sword in its hands.

The sharpness of lightning and the sharpness of storms. Chi Tong was like a sword master. It could accept all rivers in the sea, and any EXP could be converted for its own use.

Fourth level, fifth level… Chi Tong didn’t even use its active Skill. It only relied on a sword clone and the enhancement of the Flame Spirit Sword Body to defeat these guardian Sword Puppets like cutting melons.