Chapter 1027 - 1027 Evolution Of The Chi Tong God (2)

1027 Evolution of the Chi Tong God (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Yun An had a high-level quasi-divine skill in its palm, plus it was a cosmic life form.

It could be said that its life level was roughly equivalent to Buggy that had evolved again. It was very strong and could be considered a combination of a cosmic life form and a divine-level race.

Dong Huang’s initial idea was to take advantage of the fact that Yun An had just revived and was in an Enfeeble state to take its “life” while it was weak.

However, who knew that Yun An wasn’t as weak as he imagined? Instead, he was very strong. Now, even if he pulled divine forbidden Arms to fight, it would be equivalent to killing a thousand enemies and sacrificing hundreds.

If they paid a huge price and could win, Yun An would have been blown into pieces.

If it were the background of the previous era, doing this wouldn’t be a loss. After all, the Demon God Iron-eating Beast was very strong.

However, the Mythical stage was about to revive. The Demon God Iron-eating Beast was not that strategic for the Mythical Era, unless they developed more new evolution paths on this foundation.

At the same time, he could also learn more information about the abyssal factions through it.

Therefore, Shi Yu’s idea was to watch and lock onto Yun An first. When there were safer and easier battle tactics, such as the World Tree waking up and Susu breaking through, he would fight the battle.

“No wonder he could kill the Heavenly Sword demigod” Upon hearing Shi Yu’s words, President Lin fell silent.

“Don’t worry, Senior Divine Source has already sent its mechanical pet over. Shi Yu, come back first.” President Lin was tired and was no longer at ease to let Shi Yu out.

“Alright, I’ll return to Dong Huang later. I’ve obtained the divine-level meteorite iron of the Heavenly Sword Nation. I’ll evolve my pet first and go back after that.”

“If it’s domestic evolution, the commotion is too big.”

President Lin: “?”

“Use it as an evolution resource? Evolution again?”

President Lin was stunned and felt that it was extremely ridiculous. From the level of Shi Yu’s pets, none of them looked like they could increase their race level again!

After ending the call with President Lin, Shi Yu returned to the Legendary Ruins space excitedly, feeling that this was a treasure land for evolution.

There were no human islands nearby. Even if the evolution fluctuations leaked from the Legendary ruins, it would only affect some small fish and shrimps. Shi Yu didn’t care so much.

At this moment, all over the ruins space, the pets muttered.

Little Ji and Little Duck looked at each other from afar and cursed Yun An.

Damn Yun An.

The good Sword Trial Conference was disturbed by it.

They had prepared for so long. Who knew how hard it had been?

The inflated Little Ji and Duckie even wanted to fuse with the Earth Divine Dragon fossil and the Abyss Seed and take on the big Quest to kill Yun An.

Eleven and the others also looked regretful.

Why didn’t this Yun An come out half a year later? If it had come out half a year later, they might have had the ability to fight Yun An head-on.

At that moment, in Shi Yu’s team, Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong, Susu, and Ling all had methods to resist weaker top-notch totems. In fact, in certain specific situations, individual pets still had a chance to defeat top-notch totems alone.

For example, if Baby Ginseng ate the Time Fruit enhanced by a quasi-divine skill and self-destructed after igniting the flame of life, if the opponent wasn’t a spatial element that was good at escaping like the gem cat and was directly shot at, it would basically die. Even if a demigod took it head-on, they would be injured.

If Shi Yu’s mind domain, Ling’s Fusion Mecha, and Baby Ginseng’s Time Fruit were included, it wasn’t impossible for all of them to deal with a demigod for a period of time.

Unfortunately, this eruption didn’t last long. It could only resist a few rounds. Even if it could cause some damage to demigods, it wouldn’t be a big deal. As long as it couldn’t be insta-killed, Shi Yu and the others would definitely lose.

After all, in a true demigod-level state, it could use quasi-divine skills ten times. As for Shi Yu and the others, because their basic level was too weak, they were only at the overlord level. If they wanted to display their power, they could only use it as a one-time eruption.

After one round, it became impotent and weak.

It was still too difficult to erupt into a normal state.

But even so, Shi Yu could be said to be a titled legend of the top echelon.

For example, ordinary titled legends could only fight against Normal totems.

relatively powerful titled legends, such as the Tyrannical Sea Legend, could defeat Normal totems and fight top-notch totems.

Top-notch titled legends, such as President Lin, were said to have defeated top-notch totems with their Contract Pets.

On Shi Yu’s side, defeating a top-notch totem was clearly not difficult.

If Yun An hadn’t come at that time and only the Black Meteorite Divine Ape had arrived, Shi Yu and the others would have killed this monkey no matter what

They just didn’t know how much battle power Chi Tong’s evolution could increase on this foundation.

“Chi Tong, come on, prepare to evolve.”

This guy He had just finished the battle and was already eating ice cream. Wasn’t he afraid of getting a stomachache?

“Wu.” When Chi Tong saw Shi Yu return, it finished the ice cream in two to three bites and quickly got up. Eleven and the others’ gazes also focused.

“Wuu. (It’s finally starting.)” Eleven rubbed its face.

For the past month, Shi Yu had been preparing for Chi Tong’s evolution. The entire team helped Chi Tong nurture and train its clones. It could be said to be the treatment of a biological daughter.

“Ji! (The last evolution won’t be weak. This isn’t a bet, it’s an analysis.)” Buggy analyzed.

Ling was the first to complete its evolution and become a Mythical Race. Susu was the second, and it became the ocean faith god. Eleven was the third to evolve and become a Mythical Race. The fourth became the starry sky faith god, and Baby Ginseng was the fifth to become a Mythical Race. It had finally reached Chi Tong. How could it be weak? Buggy calculated according to its own logic, it couldn’t be weak! Moreover, it might be ridiculously strong because of the version bonus