Chapter 1029 - 1029 Evolution Of The Chi Tong God (4)

1029 Evolution of the Chi Tong God (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Believe in yourself. You will use another path to become the initial Immortal Slaying Sword Spirit, the God Slaying Sword Spirit.”

“Yes!”

As Shi Yu finished speaking, Chi Tong’s gaze was firm and gentle as it fused the Sword of Life and the Sword of Space. It also hoped that it could successfully evolve. If it was the weakest in the team, how could it protect Shi Yu? At this moment, the fusion evolution effect of the transcendent-level soul incarnation was activated by Chi Tong.

Boom!!

The shocking white sword intent turned into evolution light.

Soul incarnation, Origin Evolution!

The increase in Chi Tong’s aura began to far exceed before. The shocking sword intent fluctuations directly made the expressions of Little Ji, Duckie, and the others in the second team’s space suddenly change. They looked in the direction of the first team’s space and felt uneasy.

“This power”

At this moment, Shi Yu could completely sense the terrifying power on Chi Tong’s body. It was very terrifying.

After all, it was using two divine-level resources as evolution materials to transform into Race potential!

Although it wasn’t like Eleven, who had the support of the mysterious Taiji Yin Yang Domain, this evolution shouldn’t be a problem to help Chi Tong reach the God Domain.

Under Shi Yu’s extremely expectant gaze.

With a hum, the huge projection of four hundred-meter-long swords appeared in the sky around the Legendary Ruins.

Boom!!

Space distorted.

Under the pressure of their sword intent, the entire Legendary Ruins seemed to have turned into a world of swords. Countless sword light shadows leaped, making the sword fluctuations here even exceed the levels of the Heavenly Sword Ruins.

In this sword formation domain, the pressure Eleven and the others felt reached the extreme. Their expressions were extremely solemn.

Its own consciousness warned them crazily that there was life and death danger.

It seemed to be reflecting the terrifying power of Chi Tong’s evolution.

“Metal, Space!”

As Shi Yu shouted, some information about Chi Tong’s evolution appeared in his heart.

[Pet Name]: Chi Tong

[Stats]: Undead, Fire, Metal, Space

[Level of Growth]: Overlord

Of course, Shi Yu knew that the evolution had yet to end. The power of the four sword clones had only modified Chi Tong’s body first. The powerful potential contained in them had yet to fuse together to form a new Race Skill.

This evolution was actually not 100% successful. It was the same as Eleven’s evolution. It was an extremely complicated process. Back then, Eleven had the support of Shi Yu’s Taiji Domain, but Chi Tong’s risk this time was still unknown!

The World Tree Fruit he ate in advance was a support.

He hoped to control and fuse with this new form under the strengthened state of his comprehension talent!

“Immortal Slaying Sharpness, Immortal Slaying, Immortal Trap, Red Light everywhere, Endless Immortal Transformation, the blood of the various gods dyeing the clothes” Chi Tong kept muttering the evolution template provided by Shi Yu, hoping to create such a sword formation Skill that could kill immortals.

However, as time passed, her expression became more and more difficult.

The evolution process was not very smooth.

It was still too Difficult to fuse the power of the four sword clones and promote the evolution of the main body.

Shi Yu saw it in his heart and was very worried.

“How can I help” As Chi Tong fused and evolved, Shi Yu kept trying to establish and deepen his mental connection with Chi Tong.

He wanted to activate the Taiji Domain to try to help Chi Tong fuse the power of life and death, but it wasn’t as smooth as before. The compatibility of this mind domain was still the highest with Eleven.

He wanted to use the strengthening of the World Tree Fruit to develop a new mind domain with his current connection with Chi Tong, but it wasn’t that easy.

Shi Yu tried his best to help Chi Tong.

To Shi Yu’s surprise, at the critical moment, in the dark sea of consciousness, it was because of his mental connection with Chi Tong that the Skill Index’s skill fusion furnace was activated. It was very useful.

Shi Yu slowly opened his eyes and realized that his various powers were being extracted to strengthen Chi Tong’s evolution.

No, or rather, it was used to accelerate Chi Tong’s awakening and fusion of new racial Skills.

At this moment, Shi Yu could see that under the light of evolution, Chi Tong’s body had undergone some subtle changes.

There weren’t many changes. It was as if she had grown a little taller and grown a little, but as time passed, with a boom

The scale of the four sword projections increased by more than ten times. The power on them surged and kept spreading, as if it had turned into thousands of projections that wrapped them in, forming a domain. Standing inside, Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, and the others looked around with serious expressions.

Buzz

At this moment, the vibration of the Legendary Ruins had reached an unprecedented level. The ground, sky, and Void were filled with cracks. At the same time, an incomparably deep sound of laws appeared. The spatial power and natural power in the Tu Tiger were all suppressed. From the quality of the power of laws, it seemed to be above ordinary laws.

“Quasi-divine skill,” Shi Yu said excitedly before his face turned pale.

Moreover, it was quite powerful.

Outside the ruins, as Shi Yu had expected, in the vast sea, millions of sea creatures looked at the sky above the sea in horror. They looked at the trembling and changing current and didn’t know what had happened.

The sound of laws that resounded through their Spirit and hearts made them involuntarily submit. However, the killing intent contained in it made them even more afraid.

“This is a killing array, a killing array that determines life and death,” Ling said seriously on Shi Yu and the others’ side.

“Master, hold on. Chi Tong’s evolution will be completed soon.” It also looked at Shi Yu worriedly.

At this moment, Chi Tong’s figure finally gradually became clear. She still looked the same, but her aura had transcendent changes, like a dragon god, containing a magical charm.

Boom!!!

The four sword projections hung in the sky like thunder rumbling. The sword light swayed and kept shrinking, flying towards Chi Tong. At the same time, they fused into four and landed in her hand. However, the huge sword formation formed by the sword intent and sword light didn’t disappear at all.

The current Chi Tong was like a shocking killing array in its palm. It only raised the sword in its hand slightly, and the entire Legendary space accelerated the collapse. At this moment, Shi Yu was completely overjoyed.

“Success.”

Skill Name: Immortal Slaying Sword Formation

[Stats]: Undead, Fire, Metal, Space

[Level]: Quasi Divine Skill

< Introduction > It contains special sword laws and is very powerful. In the sword formation, it’s mysterious and strange. It’s filled with endless killing intent and is filled with danger. As soon as one enters this formation, it’s instantly turned into ashes and smoke, and its life force disappears.

At this moment, Shi Yu’s heart was excited and complicated.

All the power of the four clones disintegrated, recombined, and fused into a quasi-divine skill with huge potential.

“Invincible. This time, it’s really invincible. Chi Tong and I will fight together and kill top-notch totems like dogs!” Shi Yu said excitedly.

He wanted to fight! He wanted to test his Skill! He wanted to see the Undying Dark Phoenix!

However, in the next moment, Shi Yu’s face turned pale and he fainted.

Unknowingly, the consumption was greater than adding some super skills continuously and fusing super skills.

“Wu wu wu!!! (Beast Tamer!)”

Seeing this, Eleven and the others were shocked.

“Ah.” Chi Tong saw that Shi Yu had consumed too much energy because of its evolution. It instantly put away the sword formation nervously and worriedly and flew over.

Crap.

Baby Ginseng, save him!