Chapter 1020 - 1020 Emperor Wu Appears

1020 Emperor Wu Appears

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The deterrence of Yun An and the Black Ape enveloped the entire Sword God Mountain, making everyone not dare to act rashly.

Even Shi Yu could only wait and see, analyzing what to do next.

The Blue Sea Ruins was his ultimate escape method.

However, the spatial changes caused during the escape process would definitely be sensed by Yun An and alert the enemy.

There was a high chance that it would obstruct it.

That didn’t matter.

Although their strength was not enough to resist demigod-level battle power, Shi Yu still had the Dragon God Protection, so he was not afraid of demigod-level interceptions.

Moreover, they weren’t pushovers themselves. It shouldn’t be a problem for them to successfully leave the battle.

This period of time was enough for the Teleportation to succeed.

However, leaving directly would definitely alert Yun An. He could forget about the divine-level meteor iron. It would definitely immediately destroy the ruins.

With Yun An’s careful appearance, after discovering the clues, he definitely wouldn’t stay here for long.

It was not easy for the Dong Huang army to successfully capture it.

“Forget it.”

After considering for a long time, Shi Yu felt that it was not appropriate to fight Yun An for the time being.

This guy wasn’t weak. It might be the strongest demigod he had seen apart from the World Tree.

It was completely not as weak as Dong Huang, him, Ji Mengzhu, and the others had expected at the start.

Even the demigod of the Heavenly Sword Nation died in the other party’s hands.

Now, Shi Yu began to be puzzled.

How exactly did Emperor Wu, who had yet to master a quasi-divine skill, suppress Yun An?

In short, it wasn’t worth it to forcefully fight Yun An in this state for the evolution materials of the Demon God Iron-eating Beast.

The price would be especially high.

Since he knew that Yun An had revived, it was better to wait for the World Tree to awaken and wait for Susu to develop. He would let the two demigods of the strongest tier join forces. This way, he could steadily suppress Yun An. Moreover, he didn’t have to pay a huge price.

After analyzing with Ling, Shi Yu’s goal quickly became clear.

He couldn’t leave directly. This was equivalent to giving up on the divine-level metal.

After obtaining the divine-level metal, he would teleport away from this place.

Wanting to ask him for ruins resources? No way.

Although this way, Yun An would intercept him even more intensely, after preparing for so long, Shi Yu would definitely not be willing to let this silly Yun An snatch away the resources.

After successfully leaving, he would make Dong Huang and even the seven countries prepare for battle. After all, the Yun Race was not only Dong Huang’s enemy, but also the enemy of the entire Blue Planet.

Shi Yu retreated slightly behind everyone.

It was already determined to compete with Yun An for the ownership of the divine iron.

Sigh, after returning to the country, he would definitely be scolded again…

….

At the same time, the black ape said calmly,

“After getting the meteorite, we’ll leave. Perhaps your Sword God can still be saved.”

“But if you delay too much time, the outcome won’t be something you can withstand.”

“Huh?” It looked at the white-haired old man questioningly.

Boom!!!

As it finished speaking, a purple-red light flashed in Yun An’s eyes.

In the next moment, a huge energy storm appeared around it. In the storm, space distorted.

In the distorted space, the sky darkened, and the sky directly turned purple-red. Moreover, a sword tower that was like a heavenly sword and a thousand meters tall appeared in the outside world like a projection.

“Heavenly Sword Ruins!”

Seeing this Heavenly Sword, many Beast Tamers who had entered the Heavenly Sword Ruins were shocked.

In the past, only the Sword God could summon and find the Heavenly Sword Ruins, but now, this creature who called itself Yun An had also directly done it.

Its power was undoubtedly above the power of the ruins.

“Everyone…” Seeing this scene, the expression of the white-haired old man changed. He knew that the situation was completely irreversible.

If he didn’t follow the requirements of this Yun Race, the white-haired old man had a feeling that the Heavenly Sword Nation would really be destroyed because of this.

“At this point, for the sake of the Heavenly Sword Nation, I beg everyone to try challenging the Heavenly Sword Ruins.”

“Next, regardless of sect, family, background, or level, you can try to enter the Heavenly Sword Ruins to challenge the level.”

He looked at the Sword Ghost God that shouldn’t be considered dead. He only hoped that as time passed, the Sword Ghost God could recover from this state.

Everyone was silent.

“That’s more like it.” The black ape smiled.

“In addition, we know that the chances of you obtaining the divine iron are not high.”

“Therefore, I specially prepared a gift for you.”

Space cracked.

A few black metal swords landed.

It said, “This ruin can allow weapons, right?”

“These Arms are all replicas of your Sword God’s weapons and have been modified.”

“Anyone who can reach the sixth level and above can take away an Arms and try to challenge the level again.”

“It can increase your battle talent potential to a greater extent… Hehe.

“Let me think. Those who have reached the Legend level might as well come over and choose an Arms to adapt to in advance.”

“After all, you guys are the main force to crack the ruins.”

The few legend Beast Tamers present looked at the longsword filled with a black aura, their expressions constantly changing.

They all knew very well that this might be a Demon Sword with a huge price.

….

Then, under the pressure of life and death, Beast Tamers entered the Heavenly Sword Ruins one after another.

The Heavenly Sword Ruins was not the same space as the outside world. The people who entered seemed to have left this place.

Seeing that Yun An didn’t have the ability to half fuse the Heavenly Sword Ruins into the outside world, Shi Yu heaved a sigh of relief.