Chapter 1025 - 1025 Emperor Wu Appears (6)

1025 Emperor Wu Appears (6)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

At this moment, seeing the divine iron, Shi Yu didn’t say a word and directly put it back into the ruins space. Then, right on the heels of that, he activated the ruins water drop in his hand and tried to escape!!

Buzz!!!

Blue spatial fluctuations immediately enveloped Shi Yu.

….

In the outside world were Yun An’s excited heart and trembling hands.

It stared at the Heavenly Sword Ruins and had already sensed the Teleportation fluctuations inside. However, what made Yun An’s pupils instantly solemn and serious was that this spatial Teleportation fluctuation was not teleporting here. Instead, it seemed to want to leave the Heavenly Sword Nation and teleport to an extremely far distance.

“Bastard!!!”

At this moment, Yun An’s power almost erupted with a bang. The terrifying demigod power instantly distorted space and time. It roared, shocking the entire Heavenly Sword Ancient Nation, making all living beings instantly extremely afraid.

On the Sword God Mountain, including the Black Ape Totem, a group of legends was still waiting for the Beast Tamer who had passed the ninth level to come out. They didn’t understand why Yun An was so angry at this moment.

Boom!!!

Yun An’s figure was completely revealed. Its huge body shook the sky and earth. As it appeared, with a boom, the entire Heavenly Sword Ruins was directly shattered by Yun An. Space instantly collapsed, and extremely sharp spatial turbulence and sword intent storm erupted unscrupulously.

Countless sword projections were swept into the spatial turbulence and everything was destroyed in nothingness.

“Your Majesty!!!” The Black Ape Totem instantly roared, not understanding why Yun An suddenly did this.

Why did he directly destroy the Heavenly Sword Ruins?

But soon, they discovered the crack inside the Heavenly Sword Ruins and the abnormality in the depths of space.

A muscular man in a panda short-sleeved shirt floated in the air, his entire body surrounded by weak blue fluctuations.

This man’s expression was indifferent and domineering (he was very panicked). He looked at the mountains and looked at Yun An in front of him. He knew that it wasn’t that easy to slip away directly.

Yun An destroying the Heavenly Sword Ruins directly disturbed the spatial fluctuations and interfered with the Teleportation speed of the Blue Sea Ruins. In fact, if it weren’t for Buggy’s protection, he would have almost been swept into the Void. In short, before the coordinates were corrected, he couldn’t let Yun An continue to interfere.

“Who is it??” At this moment, when they saw Shi Yu, all the Beast Tamers of the Heavenly Sword Nation were stunned.

They didn’t know this person at all.

They didn’t know when he entered.

For his own bad taste, the moment Shi Yu was intercepted, he directly took off the Demon Sect’s disciple uniform, revealing the panda battle suit. At the same time, he used his body control to change his appearance into the appearance of a Emperor Wu!!

He looked down at Yun An.

As expected, when they saw the pattern of Shi Yu’s clothes and Shi Yu’s face, Yun An and the Black Ape’s pupils instantly constricted. They were stunned for a moment.

WQNMD.

“Wu Dong!! Impossible, it’s impossible for you to still be alive!!!” Yun An was shocked. Its shock and anger directly caused the Sword God Mountain to tremble, and the color of the sky changed.

Not only did it revive, but Emperor Wu also f*cking revived?

Looking at the Emperor Wu who appeared, Yun An panicked.

This panic provided Shi Yu with time.

The spatial fluctuations around Shi Yu became more and more stable.

Seeing this, Yun An was shocked.

“No, you’re not him.” Soon, Yun An recovered from its shock and anger. This person was not Emperor Wu. After understanding that it had been tricked by the person in front of it and its goal was to stall for time, it immediately said angrily, “Who exactly are you! Hand over the divine iron!!”

In its anger, its body changed at the same time in the attack. The black metal prism all over its body flowed and turned into a huge beastman form standing on two feet. It stretched out a huge palm with three claws and pinched Shi Yu.

An earth-shattering divine might also enveloped over with this pinch.

Boom!!!

The spatial tide erupted in chaos again.

Dong!!!

A colorless mist wrapped around Yun An’s entire body, and the sound of laws that resounded through the world erupted.

Looking at this ordinary squeeze, Shi Yu’s blood boiled. He felt a huge threat, a crisis from life and death. This feeling was something he had never experienced before.

Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, Susu, Chi Tong, and Ling were clearly all ready to fight, but at this moment, Yun An’s attack still directly activated the Dragon God Protection given by the Dragon God.

“No, even if everyone erupts with all their might together, they will only be able to resist for a period of time. As time passes, they won’t be his match.” Shi Yu’s heart skipped a beat. He immediately analyzed the difference in battle power between the two parties through Ling.

The eruption and normal state were still incomparable. At the moment, he had yet to accumulate a killer move that was enough to kill demigods.

However…

As the blue light flashed and a drop of water was taken out, it flew towards Yun An. With it blocking in front, the Teleportation of the Blue Sea Ruins was completely stable.

Teleportation successful!

Before leaving, Shi Yu laughed out loud, stunning everyone.

“I’m indeed not Emperor Wu.”

“However, like Emperor Wu, I’m the one who will kill you.”

“Goodbye, Yun An.”

“Next time, I’ll definitely kill you.”

“Remember my name, Dong Huang’s Shi Yu. If you have the ability, come to Dong Huang to find me.”

As soon as Shi Yu’s name appeared.

The Beast Tamers of the entire Heavenly Sword Nation were shocked. They kept feeling that they had heard of this name before.

At the same time, Yun An and the Black Ape Totem were also shocked.

“You’re Shi Yu!?”

Buzz!!!

Similarly, the sound of laws spread.

A drop of water flew out of Shi Yu’s body and floated in the sky. Under the lingering wind, it turned into a human figure and blocked Yun An’s attack, protecting Shi Yu behind.

This figure had fair skin and dazzling white hair that naturally draped down, like a sparkling sea waterfall under the light. Her expression was emotionless, like a high and mighty god looking down on all living beings.

In the face of Yun An’s attack, she also raised her palm, as if an ocean had swept up.

“Get lost!!!” Seeing this drop of water, Yun An was shocked. He sensed the power of a demigod’s attack from it.

However, just this was not enough to stop it!!

Boom!!!

The tsunami-like water wall collided with Yun An’s attack. It only lasted for less than ten seconds before instantly shattering and rising into nothingness. Seeing this, the Dragoness frowned slightly as if she had a spirit. She looked at the huge palm attacking and said, “The next time we meet, I’ll definitely kill you.”

Splash!!!

The water disappeared.

However, at this moment, Shi Yu was nowhere to be seen. Yun An, who wanted to stop Shi Yu, fell silent on the spot.

Yun An, who was provoked one after another, helplessly watered the rain in midair. Then, it roared angrily.

“Wu wu wu wu wu wu wu!!!”