Chapter 1028 - 1028 Evolution Of The Chi Tong God (3)

1028 Evolution of the Chi Tong God (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Yi!! (Charge, charge, charge!!)” Baby Ginseng cried. For Chi Tong, not only had it used up all Shi Yu’s Fruits of Life, but it had also provided various nutritional supplements.

It created a basket of World Tree Fruits.

The energy of the entire Legendary Ruins was about to be drained dry by Baby Ginseng.

Shi Yu had already planned when to eliminate this Legendary Ruins and develop Little Purple’s inner world with all his might.

“Ning ~ (Chi Tong ~)” Susu looked at Chi Tong eagerly. Become stronger and don’t forget each other.

To be honest, the Blue Sea Sprite Race didn’t make it feel safe

“Multiple Legendary resources, dozens of max-level Sword Dao Skills to build the foundation, two Mythical resources, and transcendent-level evolution skills. The strength is not a problem,” Ling said confidently.

Even if it was a demigod, it was impossible to gather so many resources to optimize their race without hundreds or thousands of years of accumulation.

“Now, the greatest problem is whether we can successfully survive the evolution stage.”

“Yes!!” Chi Tong clenched its pink fists, flames appearing in its eyes.

Evolution!

It, who had never evolved in the team, could finally evolve.

Shi Yu smiled. “Take your time.”

“When you’re done evolving, we’ll carry out the next team meeting.”

Chi Tong was shocked and felt that Shi Yu had healed it.

But it wasn’t a big problem.

“Let’s begin.”

As Shi Yu spoke, Chi Tong directly summoned four sword clones in the form of a Sword Maiden.

The first one was silver-white, containing purple light that reflected the profundity of space. Not only did Shi Yu use two spatial legendary resources on the sword clone, but he also gave it a few spatial skills to fuse the spatial sword intent in the Heavenly Sword Nation. Moreover, he taught a bunch of sword formation skills.

The second one was curved and red. Red light lingered around the entire sword body. The clone of this sword grew in the divine-level resource, the Life Fire, and was entangled and tempered by Chi Tong’s Phoenix Sword Intent. On this sword, Chi Tong’s Flame of Regeneration had obtained an epic increase, even stronger than its main body.

The third one, the darkness of the sword and the blue-green death aura intertwined, containing the Nirvana Death Wave. This sword clone perfectly fused the strongest Death Nirvana Sword Intent of the Demon Sect into itself through a large number of perfect-level World Tree Fruits. It was extremely close to the death law. At the same time, because Chi Tong was an undead itself, as the Sword of Death and the sword with the highest basic value, the large amount of death aura accumulated by the enemies Chi Tong’s main body killed was used as nutrients for its growth.

At the moment, the last one had only comprehended the sharp metal sword intent through the fusion of many metal-element sword skills. It was ordinary, but after the trial of the Heavenly Sword Ruins, it was actually also to show off one’s ability. It could be said that every one of these Sword clones could crush top-notch overlords alone.

And now, Shi Yu wanted them all to fuse into Chi Tong’s main body and complete the evolution!

Hu!!!!

Four swords appeared around Chi Tong. Following that, Shi Yu took out the divine-level meteor iron and floated in the air. Chi Tong controlled the Crowd Control Life Flame to wrap and melt the metal, trying to fuse it with the fourth sharp metal sword.

Under the modification of the Life Flame, the form of the divine-level meteor iron slowly changed, emitting a shocking sharp light that extremely repelled and fused into the Impregnable Metal Sword.

Clang!!!

With every fusion, the sharp metal sword bloomed and let out an ear-piercing sword cry, causing the entire Legendary ruins space to tremble!

Rip!!!

A dazzling sword light shot out, and even the Void was cut by the light from time to time.

“A clone is already so powerful.” Shi Yu was immediately forced back by the sharp light stimulated by the divine-level meteor iron.

He was looking forward to Chi Tong’s potential after evolving through so many luxurious evolution resources!

The process of tempering the sword clone in the end was indeed long.

However, Shi Yu and the others had sufficient patience to wait.

After an unknown period of time, with a hum, the space of the Legendary Ruins was pierced by sharp metal sword lights of various sizes. The Flame of Regeneration also fused into the Sword of Life again. Four sword clones that contained strong fluctuations circled around Chi Tong. With just Chi Tong’s thought, these sword clones could fuse into its body!!

“Now.”

Shi Yu gave the order and maintained telepathy with Chi Tong, hoping to know the changes in its body immediately.

Buzz!

In the next moment, the sharp metal sword that had fused with the divine-level metal meteor iron emitted a strong metal light. The power of the sharp light seemed to be able to easily split its divine body into two. Its sword body was reversed, and the tip of the sword directly stabbed into Chi Tong’s body from its chest and disappeared.

At the same time.

Its aura rose steadily again.

Shi Yu’s voice also sounded in Chi Tong’s heart.

“Immortal Slaying Sharpness, Immortal Slaying, and Immortal Trap. Red light rose everywhere, and the transformation of the Immortal Absolute was endless. The blood of the various gods dyed the clothes. Chi Tong, although your evolution template, the Immortal Slaying Sword Formation, is a fiction, unlike the Green Dragon template, which has the support of the mind domain, the four sword clones are cultivated according to what you need the most, the direction you’re best at.”

“In this evolution, use the sword formation formed by multiple sword clones as weapons. You will control the sword formation as the core sword spirit.”