Chapter 1024 - 1024 Emperor Wu Appears (5)

1024 Emperor Wu Appears (5)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

If they remembered correctly, only small figures from the various large factions had entered during this period of time.

The legends who came to the Holy Sword Mountain were clearly at the scene. The number of legends in the Heavenly Sword Ancient Nation could be counted on two hands!

“Interesting…”

At this moment, although it didn’t know what was going on, the black giant ape smiled.

“Your Majesty.”

“Congratulations.”

“Yes.” Yun An nodded and looked at the Heavenly Sword Ruins.

This was the first time he spoke, and his voice shocked the hearts of the lives in the Heavenly Sword Nation.

“If he can pass the eighth level, we can give him a chance to become a member of the Yun Race.”

“If he can pass the ninth level and take out the divine iron…”

As the outside world was stunned by the changes in the Heavenly Sword Ruins, inside, Shi Yu was fighting the sword puppet on the eighth level.

If the sword puppet on the sixth level had mastered transcendent super sword intent…

Then, according to Shi Yu’s judgment, the sword puppet on the seventh level should increase its strength ten to twenty times on this basis.

As for the sword puppet on the eighth level, it might have already reached super Skill proficiency above (transcendent+50).

However, at the moment, Chi Tong could still steadily suppress the other party with the advantage of having more skills and high energy.

Boom!!!

The Flame Spirit Sword Body of the Myriad Sword Convergence. With the Sword of Death in hand, it formed an interlocking sword with the Sun Flame and the Curse Flame, wrapped in the Phoenix Sword Intent. The super profundity formed by the combination of these seven top-notch super skills was not much inferior to the power of the transcendent proficiency super sword intent.

In the ruins, under the light, the sword puppet that had mastered the Nirvana Sword Intent on the eighth level was killed again. Chi Tong calmly digested the Sword Dao EXP from the battle with it.

At the same time, Shi Yu didn’t breathe much. He headed straight for the ninth and final level.

It was much smoother than he imagined. Shi Yu felt that as long as the sword puppet on the ninth level didn’t master a quasi-divine skill, he might be able to clear the level without using his mind domain. As long as he sacrificed two scapegoats and possessed himself to erupt with the strongest attack, he should be able to clear it.

This way, it would save him the trouble of consuming too much strength and not having enough strength to deal with Yun An later.

At this moment, as Shi Yu ascended to the ninth level, the outside world was already completely stunned.

Due to Shi Yu’s ridiculous speed, after the Beast Tamers in the tower were eliminated, the black giant ape didn’t even let the newbies in.

At this moment, it had already become everyone staring at Shi Yu challenging the level alone.

“Who exactly is it…” The famous Beast Tamers of the Heavenly Sword Nation looked at the Heavenly Sword Ruins in confusion.

Only a young man named Chen Luo looked for Brother Lin in confusion.

At this point, even Yun An was slightly excited.

Not bad.

Very good.

It originally didn’t have much hope of taking away the divine iron normally. It only wanted to give it a try, but it didn’t expect that there was really a Beast Tamer who had the chance to take away the divine iron normally.

If it could swallow this divine iron, not only could its strength recover, but it might even improve.

No matter who it was, it had to reward this guy well.

Everyone held their breaths and watched the changes in the Heavenly Sword Ruins…

One minute… two minutes… five minutes… ten minutes… Finally…

Buzz!!!

A miracle that had never been achieved since the establishment of the Heavenly Sword Ruins appeared in the eyes of all the Beast Tamers in the Heavenly Sword Nation in an extremely ridiculous manner on this incomparably ridiculous day.

Looking at the lit ninth level of the Heavenly Sword Ruins Sword Tower, the Beast Tamers were completely stunned.

They felt that it was extremely strange.

They were very confused.

It really passed? The ninth level???

Who exactly was it?

“The Heavenly Sword demigod reborn??” The white-haired old man was extremely confused.

Yun An and the Black Ape’s moods were also very subtle.

That was it? That was it!!

It was much easier than they imagined!

“Divine iron, my divine iron…” At this moment, Yun An finally couldn’t suppress the excitement in its heart. It waited for the person inside to appear. It loved this person to death.

It wanted to confer the position of a Yun Race general to the other party!

….

At the same time.

Shi Yu, who had red hair and burning eyes, held the sword spirit and calmly looked at the puppet that had turned into ashes in front of him.

“Mi! (If the heavens didn’t give birth to Chi Tong’s Sword Dao, it would be a long night.)” After Chi Tong exited the possession state, it said smugly. Hehe.

The ninth level wasn’t as difficult as he imagined, but in order to gain more Sword Dao EXP, he and Chi Tong didn’t fight so hard from the start. Instead, they tried their best to deal with the other party and fought for a full ten minutes.

At that moment, as the guardian Sword Puppet on the ninth level was defeated, the entire Heavenly Sword Ruins trembled slightly. Shi Yu and Chi Tong’s hearts also trembled.

No accidents happened.

As they cleared the level, a spatial ripple appeared. Right on the heels of that, a silver metal the size of a football appeared with a dazzling light.

The sharp and dazzling silver light almost blinded Shi Yu. The powerful energy fluctuations on it really made Shi Yu excited.

Divine-level meteor iron from outer space.

It’s you.

With this, he could create Chi Tong’s Immortal Slaying Sword clone.

At that time, the four clones would all be in place! They could fuse the four Swords into one and use their main bodies as the master to complete the evolution. For this moment, Shi Yu had been looking forward to it in this godforsaken totem ancient country for a long time.

“To get out while the going’s good strategy!!!”

“Buggy, try your best to block the spatial fluctuations.”

A little green dragon swam in Shi Yu’s sleeve.