Chapter 1038 - 1038 Senior Lu’S Arrival

1038 Senior Lu’s Arrival

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Huh?”

Seeing Ice Dragon, who had originally agreed, suddenly change its expression, Shi Yu was completely stunned.

Why did it go back on his word?

Moreover, it even circled around so much and let the Undying Dark Phoenix take the beating in its place.

Although Shi Yu and Ice Dragon had indeed made an agreement to kill the Dark Phoenix together

“Senior Ice Dragon, Senior Shi Yu!” At this moment, when the little white dragon saw that Shi Yu and Ice Dragon were chatting happily, it couldn’t help but say,

“Aren’t you going to care about Big Brother Golden Dragon? It’s about to sink to the bottom of the sea!”

“Wuu. (It’s alright, it can’t die.)”

In Shi Yu’s pocket, Buggy, who was being treated by Baby Ginseng, popped its head out.

Its Psychic power extended infinitely and entered the ocean. Then, it pulled the Golden Dragon Crown Prince that had sunk into the sea up and placed it on the floating island.

“Wuhu. (Understood.)” Seeing the miserable state of the Golden Dragon Prince, the little white dragon nodded.

After treating Buggy, Shi Yu sent Baby Ginseng’s clone to jump down and treat the Golden Dragon Prince slightly.

“Aren’t we fighting?” At the same time, Shi Yu scratched his cheek and looked at Ice Dragon. Could it be that the Ice Dragon was afraid?

“Heh heh!” Ice Dragon looked at Shi Yu and said, “Tell me, between Chi Tong’s current strength and Buggy in your pocket, who’s stronger?”

“Uh.” Shi Yu was stunned and looked at Buggy.

This

“Almost as strong?” Shi Yu said.

Ice Dragon took a step back, its eyes constricted, and the corners of its mouth twitched. Damn it, was this appropriate?

Why didn’t it know that its Beast Tamer’s heroic spirit could compete in strength with the Green Dragon God!

Even if Mu Huiyin was reborn, she wouldn’t dare to say that she was about as strong as that green dragon!

In Shi Yu’s pocket, Buggy also pouted. How could this be!

It had clearly never fought before, so why was it almost strong? It was definitely stronger.

After obtaining the information from Shi Yu, Ice Dragon was completely convinced that this battle shouldn’t be fought!

“Is it the effect of the World Tree’s Blessing?” Ice Dragon thought.

It quickly changed the topic and said, “So, when are you preparing to meet that guy who calls itself Chi Tong’s biological mother?”

Shi Yu said, “In a few months, I still feel that it’s unstable. After all, the Undying Dark Phoenix might have demigod battle power at its peak. Who knows if it has any backup plans?”

“Moreover, before the operation, we have to get Dong Huang to cooperate. After all, it’s too close to the city, and it’s not easy to stretch. After applying for a process, the procedures will definitely be long and smelly.”

At the moment, the Sea Cleansing Spirit Susu had accumulated could already cleanse the negative power of a top-notch totem level, but it was still a little short of the demigod level.

“Hmph,” Ice Dragon said. “It has already died once and been sealed for so long. It’s not bad to have the strength of a Normal totem. Call me when you’re ready.”

“I want to see if it’s Mu Huiyin’s biological mother or not. It made Mu Huiyin suffer so much. I have to teach it a lesson!”

“At that time, I’ll go with Chi Tong!” Ice Dragon was extremely serious.

Shi Yu looked at Ice Dragon suspiciously, suspecting that this guy was changing the topic.

“Cough, cough, roar!!!” At this moment, under the crazy healing of Baby Ginseng’s clone, the Golden Dragon Prince quickly recovered its consciousness. It suddenly widened its dragon eyes and breathed quickly.

“You’re awake.” In the sky, the little white dragon eating melons looked at the Golden Dragon Prince and said.

The Golden Dragon Prince looked at the sky with a complicated expression. Green Dragon

At this moment, the Golden Dragon Prince couldn’t accept that it had been defeated without even seeing the Green Dragon’s faith skill. It only wanted to become stronger and stronger and think of ways to become stronger.

“This It hasn’t decided if it’s going to help promote the Green Dragon Festival.”

Shi Yu realized that the Golden Dragon Prince was indeed resistant to beatings. His speed of leaving was even faster than when he attacked Buggy. He didn’t look injured at all. He clearly looked like he was running away.

“Ah, this” Ice Dragon also fell into deep thought and said, “It’s not a big problem. It can’t escape. I’ll talk to its father about this now. I’ve also delivered Lord Dragon God’s things. Shi Yu, I’m busy with Quests over there. I’ll leave first.”

“Tell Chi Tong to work hard!”

Shi Yu: “?”

In the blink of an eye, the ice dragon also let out a long roar and followed the Golden Dragon Prince, leaving behind the stunned Shi Yu and the little white dragon.

“What’s going on?”

Shi Yu fell into deep thought. Then, he looked at the little white dragon and said, “Little white dragon, do you want to come to my place to sit? By the way, my two second team pets are also at the monarch level”

The little white dragon:!!!

The second team, monarch level? Could it be that they wanted it to be their sparring partner?

Could it be the duck reincarnated Abyss Demon God?

The little white dragon’s pupils constricted. What a joke. That was an Abyss demigod. It immediately said, “Ah, no, I’ll help Senior Ice Dragon. I’ll supervise Big Brother Golden Dragon. Goodbye, Senior Shi Yu.”

With that said, it also slipped away at an extremely fast speed, making Shi Yu, Buggy, and Baby Ginseng look at each other.

Seeing the three Dragon Palace City members who arrived excitedly at the start leave like they were dodging a plague, Baby Ginseng couldn’t help but say, “Yi! (Beast Tamer, do you know how to socialize?)”

He scared the dragons.

Why were they fighting all the time?

Mother Dragon and the little white dragon, these two big hooligans, clearly didn’t like to fight.

“There’s no hope.” Shi Yu shrugged and said, “The Mythical Era is coming soon. I still don’t know how to quickly increase my strength.”

“Forget it, let’s go back.”

Shi Yu put away the new Dragon God Protection and stretched, letting Buggy bring him back to Ping Cheng.