Chapter 1032 - 1032 Welcome To The Mythical Era (3)

1032 Welcome to the Mythical Era (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

These two had once gone to Dragon Palace City as navy representatives and gone to the Pirate King Ruins to adventure with Shi Yu. Now, they were also pillars of the Marine Environmental Protection Department. It could be said that their future was promising.

However, they were actually very depressed because the Marine Environmental Protection Department was too f*cking free. The original highest commander, Xiao Qin, directly ran to be a general for Shi Yu’s mechanical phantom beast army because she was too free and didn’t come here at all.

Only they were left silently guarding this sea and pulling a group of Ping Cheng recruits to train, train, train They solved a large number of employment problems for Ping Cheng and Icefield City.

On this day, the wind was gentle and the sun was bright. The new recruits looked at the black dot in the distance in confusion. The invisible pressure made them swallow their saliva and reveal incredulous expressions.

“Energy Ripple No. 1, unable to detect.”

“Energy Ripple No. 2, unable to detect.”

“Energy Wave 3, 7.6 million.”

“What’s going on?” Huang Qi quickly arrived beside the reconnaissance device in the base. As he captured it, he was stunned.

It was a Western dragon and two Eastern divine dragons.

The dragon was mainly made of black and blue scales, and its might was terrifying, as if it was the leader of three creatures. As for the other two, one was a white divine dragon, and the other was an even larger golden divine dragon. When he saw them, Huang Qi was clearly stunned.

He didn’t know the dragon, but he felt that the golden divine dragon and white divine dragon were a little familiar.

“It’s the eldest and third princes of Dragon Palace City.” Beside him, Cen Mingzhi quickly said, “It’s not the enemy, it’s the divine dragons of Dragon Palace City.”

However, although it was Dragon Palace City, Huang Qi and Cen Mingzhi still quickly chose to send a signal to intercept. At the same time, they immediately informed Shi Yu.

Even members of Dragon Palace City couldn’t enter Dong Huang without official procedures.

“Roar!!!”

Countless recruits looked at the sky in shock. They had never seen such a powerful creature.

“Your Highness, Your Highness And this lord” Huang Qi and Cen Mingzhi immediately ran to welcome him.

In the sky, the Frost Demon Dragon raised its eyebrows and said, “I’m the Frost Dragon King, the in-charge of the Environmental Protection Department of Dragon Palace City. Even I don’t know how you guys carry out your professional training.”

Huang Qi and Cen Mingzhi were shocked. The Frost Dragon King didn’t look like this. Why did it look like it had turned into a demon?

Forget it, forget it. Totem level, together with the eldest and third princes, it was most likely the Frost Dragon King.

They said, “Greetings, Lord Frost Dragon King. May I know why you’re here in Dong Huang?”

“Looking for Shi Yu,” Ice Dragon said.

“We’ve already contacted Minister Shi Yu.”

“That’s good. Let’s wait.” Ice Dragon nodded.

“Yo, yo, yo, yo, charge, charge.” Beside him, the little white dragon snorted.

“Big Brother Golden Dragon, are you really going to challenge Senior Shi Yu” It looked at the noble and incomparably powerful Nine-clawed Golden Dragon beside it.

“Yes.” The eldest son of Dragon Palace City had a calm expression.

It was the son of the Golden Dragon King of Dragon Palace City, the eldest prince of Dragon Palace City. Its talent potential had even obtained the recognition of the Dragon God.

At the monarch level, it was invincible. At the overlord level, it was invincible. Now, after multiple trials, it relied on transcendent super Race Skills, Legendary resources, and overlord Resistance to break through to the totem level.

As soon as it broke through to the totem level, it returned to Dragon Palace City from the ruins mystic realm. Right on the heels of that, it learned about the end of the world competition.

It learned about Shi Yu’s legend experience in Dong Huang from his parents.

A Beast Tamer who cultivated a Mythical Race and a Green Dragon A Beast Tamer who could instantly kill totems above his level as an overlord.

Various legendary experiences shocked the Golden Dragon Prince. When many Legendarys heard this, they really wanted the Golden Dragon Prince to challenge Shi Yu, Shi Yu’s Green Dragon, and the Mythical Race. It didn’t believe that there was a dragon stronger than it at the same level. However, after telling its father this thought, it was immediately denied.

“It’s impossible. The Green Dragon Prince of the Dragonman Empire is also at the totem level. It was insta-killed by a meteorite. Although it’s countered by the Green Dragon bloodline, it’s not much better for you to go.”

Regarding this, the Golden Dragon Prince didn’t believe it, but it wasn’t arrogant either. It chose to enter the Dragon God Ruins to train first. As soon as it entered, it was very lucky to obtain five Legendary resources. With the help of these five resources, its strength increased greatly in just two months. Its strength was close to the standard of a top-notch totem. It was completely incomparable to a totem like the Green Dragon Prince that relied on external forces to advance. Therefore, it had the thought of challenging Shi Yu’s Green Dragon again.

This time, the Golden Dragon Prince finally obtained his father’s recognition.

After asking the Dragon God, he also obtained the Dragon God’s recognition, so he came to visit Dong Huang to challenge.

At the same time, for some reason, the Dragon God even sent the Frost Dragon King to accompany it. As for the little white dragon, it was purely here to join in the fun.

“Hi.”

As the ice dragon, golden dragon, and little white dragon waited, soon, spatial ripples rippled. Shi Yu appeared out of thin air in the sky above the sea.

“So free to come to Dong Huang?”

Shi Yu floated in the sky with his Psychic power and smiled at the Ice Dragon and the little white dragon. At the same time, he looked at the powerful Nine-clawed Golden Dragon beside him in slight surprise. It was already close to top-notch totems like the Golden Dragon King

Golden Dragon Prince

Previously, he had understood that it was only an invincible overlord. It had only been a few months, but its battle power had actually reached the level of a top-notch totem?

“The Dragon God told us to.” After Mother Dragon saw Shi Yu, she immediately welcomed him with a smile. It couldn’t be helped. Shi Yu had given it a divine-level evolution resource. Apart from Mu Huiyin, Shi Yu was its closest relative!

“The Dragon God asked me to send you some equipment. She seems to be saying that you broke the one she gave you previously,” Ice Dragon said.

“Uh.” Shi Yu was stunned and immediately realized.

The Dragon God definitely sensed the use and destruction of the Dragon God Protection.

This was creating another one for Ice Dragon to send over.

“Also, also, Big Brother Golden Dragon wants to challenge your Green Dragon, Senior Shi Yu. It said that the Green Dragon is only so-so. It can also fight with its two claws,” the little white dragon beside him said.

It immediately made the Nine-clawed Golden Dragon turn to look at it.

The eldest prince: “?”

When the f*ck did he say that?

It didn’t bully the little white dragon as much as the clueless prince.

“Challenge Buggy?” Shi Yu was stunned and looked at the Golden Dragon Prince.

So that was the case.

However, why was it challenging Buggy? How good was it to challenge Chi Tong?

It wasn’t that Shi Yu was afraid that Buggy couldn’t defeat it. Not only did Chi Tong fuse a pile of top-notch super skills, but Buggy and the others were also the same. Skills like the Green Dragon Indestructible Body were all explosively strong. Moreover, it was just an ordinary battle. It didn’t matter if it won or not. Shi Yu didn’t even want to use the meteorite, afraid that it would waste the power of faith. It was mainly because Chi Tong had just evolved and he hadn’t had time to see the power of the Immortal Slaying Sword Formation.

Shi Yu looked at the Golden Dragon Prince seriously. Then, he looked at the Dragon Mother, who had reached a top-notch totem and looked even fiercer than the Golden Dragon Prince. A bold idea appeared in his heart.

“Alright, I accept the challenge,” Shi Yu said with a smile.

The Undying Dark Phoenix was still a mother, and so was Mother Dragon. Why not let Chi Tong hit this mother first?

At this moment, as Shi Yu accepted the Golden Dragon Prince’s challenge, for some reason, Ice Dragon felt a cold aura and chill rising from behind