Chapter 1036 - 1036 The Four Holy Beasts Descend (4)

1036 The Four Holy Beasts Descend (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

At this moment, the Golden Dragon Prince’s original target, the Green Dragon Buggy, was already circling on another star in the starry sky, staring at the Golden Dragon Prince from a higher altitude. Seeing this, the Golden Dragon Prince’s pupils constricted, unable to understand.

Four Four Holy Beasts!!!

White Tiger, Vermillion Bird, Black Tortoise, Green Dragon!!!

The four holy beasts had all appeared?!!

“Illusion is still an illusion.” Under the Golden Dragon Prince’s roar, he directly erupted with energy and tried to break free from the illusion, but he failed. He even sensed in panic that his strength was strongly suppressed under their gaze.

“What Skill is this?” The Golden Dragon Prince was confused.

In the next moment, the Four Spirits of Heaven in four directions attacked together and locked onto the Golden Dragon Prince in the center.

Just now, it was the Golden Dragon Prince who pursued the victory. In the blink of an eye, the situation reversed, and it was attacked from both sides.

“This is the Four Holy Clones,” Shi Yu said. This was a top-notch super skill fused with the Anti-Demon Domain, Four Symbols Star Formation, and Illusory Phantom as the core. Because of the speciality of the Green Dragon Indestructible Body and Illusory Phantom, this skill could even strengthen the phantom clone with the faith equipment of the White Tiger, Black Tortoise, and Vermillion Bird. It could be said to be the greatest gain from the fusion of the skills on Buggy.

In fact, Shi Yu even had the thought of the second team nurturing a Black Tortoise and a White Tiger. Of course, they didn’t have to use faith equipment to fight the Golden Dragon Prince now. Just the combination skill of the Imagination Domain and the Four Symbols Clones could display huge power.

When all the Four Symbols clones were present, the power of each of the Four Symbols received a legendary increase, equivalent to the main body. It also formed an army skill. It was a move that consumed a lot of energy and could also mobilize the power of the starry sky.

At the same time, under the pressure of the four Saints, the enemy’s power was greatly suppressed. All natural power and Void power were forbidden to be used.

Roar!!!!

The white tiger moved. It first formed a pair of white wings and headed towards the Golden Dragon Prince. It slapped out with its tiger palm. Boundless metal-element power and murderous aura instantly made the Golden Dragon Prince feel that it was unbelievable. He felt that this guy was even stronger than the Green Dragon’s main body at the start.

No It wasn’t that it was too strong, but that it had become weaker.

The power increased by the Golden Dragon Nine Revolutions instantly fell to the bottom under the suppression of the Four Saint Domains!

“Boom!!!” The dragon and tiger fought, and the tiger palm and dragon claws collided. The two parties were in a stalemate. The Golden Dragon Prince curled up his dragon tail and slapped at the white tiger. The white tiger also opened its huge mouth and directly attacked the dragon tail.

Under the sharp metal teeth, the dragon scales cracked and dragon blood spewed out.

“Roar!!!” The Golden Dragon Prince screamed in anger. Was this a white tiger? What kind of Creation God White Tiger bit people randomly?

“Holy shit.” Seeing this, the little white dragon was shocked again. What skill was this? So handsome, so handsome.

“Is this also a Green Dragon faith skill?” Ice Dragon was also shocked. It thought that the meteorite was the only faith skill. This was also so strong. As expected, just as it had expected, even the eldest prince was definitely not a match for abnormal Shi Yu!!

The Dragon God had sent it here to watch over Shi Yu and not let him kill the eldest prince!

However, why did this white tiger look so familiar?

What they didn’t know was that this was a white tiger created by Buggy with the gem cat as its prototype. It had very good teeth.

In the pain of biting, the Golden Dragon Prince was shocked and felt another heat wave attack. It suddenly turned around and saw a huge divine bird that swept up flames, spreading wings of fire, slashing at it.

Yes.

It was slashing over.

This guy was using its wings as a sword.

“What the hell? These are the four holy beasts?”

Flames spread on the wings, forming a Fire Blade. The Golden Dragon Prince, who was in a stalemate with the White Tiger, couldn’t resist immediately. “Jiu!!!!” Under the high cry of the Vermillion Bird, the Vermillion Bird slashed onto the Golden Dragon Prince’s body, making it let out a painful cry again!!

“Roar!!!”

It was immediately struck from the sky and smashed towards the Black Tortoise. What made the Golden Dragon Prince’s pupils shrink even more was that the Green Dragon also leaped up and flew in front of it during the process of flying backward.

Combination profundity, finishing touch!

Buggy’s gaze flickered, and the dragon-shaped fluctuations around its body enlarged. Soon, it became a ten-thousand-meter-long green dragon. The huge phantom turned into a green-gold light that collided with the Golden Dragon Prince. With a bang, it was Buggy’s turn to penetrate the Golden Dragon Prince.

“Roar!!!”

Under the intense pain, what the Golden Dragon Prince couldn’t understand was that during the process of being attacked, its life and energy were continuously absorbed. This green dragon was like a worm, and it could also suck blood and energy.

This skill really stunned the Golden Dragon Prince, and what stunned it even more was the image of the four saints.

Buggy: “I’m Buggy.”

The Golden Dragon Prince’s expression stiffened.

Shi Yu also said, “Who said this is a faith skill? The power of faith hasn’t been mobilized yet. As for a faith skill, its power is several times this.”

The Golden Dragon Prince refused to believe it.

Boom.

Under the joint attack of the Green Dragon and the Black Tortoise, the Golden Dragon Prince was immediately smashed into the depths of the starry sky with the shattering of the stars.

It had to be said that the Golden Dragon Prince was strong enough, as this couldn’t defeat it. It was just that its injuries were similar to Buggy from before. It floated in the starry sky domain broken, its dragon eyes staring intently at the four Saints in front of it.