Chapter 1035 - 1035 The Four Holy Beasts Descend (3)

1035 The Four Holy Beasts Descend (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“It’s the Golden Dragon Nine Revolutions.” The little white dragon was shocked and said, “It looks like the increase is even greater. Looks like it relied on this move to advance to the totem level.”

“A skill that can continuously increase your strength?” Shi Yu frowned when he saw Buggy being suppressed.

Boom!!!

As Buggy was penetrated by the Golden Dragon Prince to the ground, a thousand-meter-wide pit appeared on the entire island. Right on the heels of that, the island began to crack in all directions. After succeeding in one hit, the Golden Dragon Prince excitedly turned into golden light again. Its body appeared in the sky and looked down at the green dragon in the huge pit below.

Moreover, its aura was still increasing.

Golden Dragon Nine Revolutions. Every time the energy flowed in his body, it could increase his strength in all aspects. He could also obtain an elemental enchantment that could mobilize the power of nature. It could increase at most nine times. As for the Golden Dragon Crown Prince, who had trained the Golden Dragon Nine Revolutions to transcendent, he could already reach the Golden Dragon Ten Revolutions. After the Ten Revolutions, he could fight top-notch totems.

“You’re not my match. It’s better to use the Faith Skill.” The Golden Dragon Prince circled in the sky, but in the next moment, its pupils constricted.

In the huge pit, the injured Green Dragon Buggy flew up without any ripples in its dragon eyes. During the process of flying up, the injuries all over its body quickly healed themselves in less than two seconds. The Green Dragon Claw that the Golden Dragon Prince was heavily injured at the start had long recovered to its original state without a trace of injury.

When Buggy completely flew up, there were no longer any injuries on its body. It was no different from before the battle.

“Impossible.” The Golden Dragon Prince was shocked when it saw this. It could sense that it had clearly heavily injured its opponent, but why Even its aura didn’t weaken much.

“Holy shit.” Ice Dragon and the little white dragon also exclaimed.

What was going on?

They had only seen the meteorite insta-kill in the World Tournament, but they didn’t expect Buggy’s other abilities to be so terrifying.

“Roar!! (I acknowledge you.)” At that moment, after Buggy flew up, it looked at the Golden Dragon Prince solemnly.

The last person who could use such a fierce attack to defeat it so badly was its Leader.

However, because of the existence of the Green Dragon Indestructible Body, it wasn’t that easy to defeat.

A heavy injury of this level could be recovered in an instant. This was not Restoration with the power of faith, but the self-healing ability of the pure Green Dragon Indestructible Body. It was a dazzling sublimation after high-speed healing combined with the Green Dragon physique. If the enemy couldn’t insta-kill it, they could only fight a battle of attrition.

If it really used the power of faith, even if it was on the verge of death, it could instantly revive. Even if it was really dead, it could use faith in rebirth and be immortal.

Unless it was at the level of a demigod, it was very difficult to defeat and exhaust Buggy’s strength.

“Continue!!” The golden dragon didn’t believe it. As its Stats rose steadily, a golden light ball directly condensed in its mouth, and a terrifying energy wave instantly sealed the space.

Boom!!!

The Golden Dragon Prince was determined to win this attack. However, after knowing that the power of the golden dragon would continue to become stronger because of the golden dragon’s nine revolutions, Shi Yu and Buggy couldn’t sit still and watch it steadily become stronger.

“Buggy, Four Holy Clones.”

“Suppress its power and don’t give it a chance to become stronger.”

Shi Yu said.

[Skill]:

“Super”: Imagination Domain (Perfect+), Dragon of Imagination (Perfect+), Dragon Star Group (Perfect+), Queen Mother’s Power (Perfect+), Space Control (Perfect+), Green Dragon Indestructible Body (Perfect+), Four Holy Clones (Perfect+), Dream Control (Perfect+)

Dream Control, Queen Mother Power, Space Control, Four Holy Clones, Green Dragon Indestructible Body These were all new skills fused by Buggy.

Each stronger than the other.

It was so powerful that the Golden Dragon Prince was very shocked and stunned.

It was so powerful that even without the power of faith and without borrowing other powers, Shi Yu was confident that Buggy could fight the totem-level Golden Dragon Prince.

The direction of the golden pillar of light’s attack was clearly sealed by the Golden Dragon Prince, but Buggy’s figure was like a mirage, quickly blurry and distorted. Almost instantly, the sky darkened. No, it seemed like everyone was dragged into another world.

Under the dazzling stars, the Golden Dragon Prince was stunned. This was the starry sky?

“Roar!!!”

When the Golden Dragon Prince reacted, the target of the golden pillar of light was no longer the Green Dragon Divine Dragon, but the huge black-striped white tiger covered in snow. The island under its feet had already disappeared, disappearing for no reason and turning into a star.

Standing on this star that contained rich metal power, the white tiger opened its mouth. Its mouth seemed to contain a black hole as it directly swallowed the golden pillar of light. The aftermath that filled the sky swept across, completely stunning the Golden Dragon Prince and stunning the Ice Dragon and the little white dragon.

When they reacted, they strangely discovered that not only had the ground changed, but the surroundings had also changed. They were indeed in the starry sky. It wasn’t just this star and the huge white tiger that appeared. There were also new gods born in other directions.

On a red star, a divine bird with the appearance of a bird and shocking flames burning on its body stared at the Golden Dragon Prince with burning eyes, and the stars around it were ignited.

On a black star, a huge black turtle was lying there. A huge green snake was wrapped around its body. Under the deep gaze of both parties, the Golden Dragon Prince immediately felt a chill.