Chapter 1039 - 1039 Senior Lu’S Arrival (2)

1039 Senior Lu’s Arrival (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

After returning, Shi Yu informed Susu and Ling to prepare for Little Ji and Duckie’s fusion and evolution.

Previously, he had promised Little Ji, Duckie, and the others to fuse divine-level resources when the Heavenly Sword Nation Quest was done. It was time to fulfill his promise.

However, with their current growth level, it would probably be difficult to complete the fusion of power without half a month.

As for Shi Yu, he naturally listened to Ling’s suggestion and rested. He planned to hold a new team meeting after he recovered and Little Ji and Duckie completed their evolution. Then, he would head to the Space-time Dragon Vein to train in a new and best team state.

“In the past half a month, should I meditate and rest, or” Shi Yu thought about the content of his conversation with President Lin, but soon, a call made a decision for Shi Yu.

“Senior Lu” Shi Yu smiled and picked up the call. Then, he waited for Senior Lu’s arrival.

That day.

“Roar ~!!” With a roar, it roared in front of the door of Shi Yu’s villa. A dog-type creature with fluffy white hair and dignified blue eyes, its neck, limbs, body, and long tail were surrounded by black cloud patterns. It was especially domineering. It stood beside a beautiful woman in a blue and black battle suit and knocked on the door for her.

“Coming, coming.” Upon hearing the Wind Demon Lion’s cry, Shi Yu walked out of the door and welcomed Senior Lu and the others.

“Sorry, I encountered a wanted criminal on the way over. I took care of it and wasted some time,” Senior Lu said with a smile when she saw Shi Yu.

“The big dog has made a contribution again.” Shi Yu looked at the Wind Demon Lion. Because it had obtained the Evil Suppressing Lion inheritance, Senior Lu, this big dog, had the ability to sense evil thoughts. Therefore, during Senior Lu’s archeology, she would be lucky enough to make a contribution and catch bad people one by one.

“Roar!!” The Wind Demon Lion chuckled.

“This familiar configuration reminds me of the first time we met.” Shi Yu smiled and looked at the beautiful Senior Lu. “Back then, Senior, you brought the Wind Demon Lion to my place.”

“Yeah.” Lu Qingyi smiled and said, “Who knew that I would find a world legend?”

“I can’t fall behind either. I came this time to show you my new ability.”

“Senior, you really succeeded,” Shi Yu asked.

“Yes.” Lu Qingyi nodded and said, “But unlike your mind domain, it’s in another direction.”

After Shi Yu awakened his body control talent three months ago, he gave the Talent Bead to Senior Lu to develop her Beast Taming Talent.

And Senior Lu’s call just now was to tell Shi Yu that she had finally succeeded in developing it.

It also developed telepathy into a battle-type ability.

In the courtyard, Shi Yu and Lu Qingyi looked at each other. Lu Qingyi said, “I named it ‘Psychic Resonance’. It’s an ability that’s a little more scientific than your mind domain.”

“Uh.”

“If during the battle, my pet’s emotions, heart, and Resistance can be in a harmonious coherence state, we can activate the ability of mental resonance.”

“In the situation of Psychic Resonance, be it my various Stats or my pet’s various Stats, they will receive a very good increase.”

“Of course the consumption is slightly greater than normal strengthening talent.”

“It can roughly be seen as the use of ‘spiritual and emotional power’.”

At the same time, Lu Qingyi’s aura beside it also changed completely. Just now, she was still a gentle senior. At this moment, she was like a valiant policewoman. Her eyes revealed a firm will and her face was filled with righteousness. Under her gaze, Shi Yu couldn’t help but feel guilty, like a child who had done something wrong had encountered a police officer.

Buzz.

Because they both had the mental characteristic of hating evil at this moment, Lu Qingyi and the Wind Demon Lion completed a perfect mental resonance. Shi Yu could sense that Senior Lu’s mental strength and the Wind Demon Lion’s various strengths were quickly increasing.

Shi Yu opened his mouth slightly. He had already seen the energy value of the overlord-level Wind Demon Lion increase to 82 million. He felt that it was extremely unbelievable. After all, the current Wind Demon Lion had yet to activate Mythical Revival.

A moment later, Lu Qingyi and the Wind Demon Lion’s state stabilized. Senior Lu recovered her smile and the corners of her mouth subconsciously curled up. “How is it?”

“It can also resonate with other pets?”

“Of course.”

“For example, my Empress Flower By the way, it’s my Imperial Concubine Flower. It evolved. It’s different from the Wind Demon Lion. Its mental characteristics and personality characteristics are that it has a proud heart. If I can adjust my mental emotions and understand its personality, I can also complete the coherence with it and undergo a mental resonance state.”

“But this is relatively difficult to do,” Senior Lu said with a helpless smile.

It was fine to make her hate evil, but to make her as arrogant as an empress flower She had tried many times, but she had only succeeded a few times.

Shi Yu couldn’t help but say, “This telepathy resonance is even more popular than the telepathy domain for many Beast Tamers with telepathy talent.”

“Senior, you’re better than me.”

“I definitely can’t do it without you.” Lu Qingyi smiled and said, “I’ve already summarized my experience and sent it to you. Let’s study it together?”