Chapter 1034 - 1034 The Four Holy Beasts Descend (2)

1034 The Four Holy Beasts Descend (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Don’t be afraid. It’s just a little power of faith. How can the Crown Prince let you suffer? Regardless of whether you win or lose, the Crown Prince will definitely promote faith in Dragon Palace City to replenish it for you after the battle!!” Ice Dragon said from the side.

“Yes, yes,” the little white dragon also said.

“Really?” Shi Yu looked at the Golden Dragon Prince.

Golden Dragon Prince: Huh?

It looked at the Frost Dragon King and the little white dragon.

What exactly were these two dragons doing?

In the face of Shi Yu and Buggy’s gazes, the Golden Dragon Prince’s mouth opened slightly.

The few Dragon Kings of Dragon Palace City had their own spheres of influence. Although Ice Dragon was trying its best to help Shi Yu promote the Green Dragon faith in Dragon Palace City, it was not easy to touch other people’s territory.

Now, after seizing the opportunity, Ice Dragon immediately scooped up benefits for Shi Yu.

The golden dragon was silent.

Facing Shi Yu and Buggy’s burning gazes, they fell silent.

Then, it gritted its teeth.

“I’m not, I didn’t, I didn’t say it!!!” The straightforward Golden Dragon Prince didn’t fall for this. It was mainly because it didn’t have the guts to decide for its father. However, in order to let Shi Yu and the others fight with all their might, the Golden Dragon Prince still added,

“It’s not impossible for me to help, but you have to win my recognition.”

“It’s a deal.” It was unknown what switch the Golden Dragon Prince had touched. In the next moment, the Green Dragon and Shi Yu put away their perfunctory attitude.

The Golden Dragon Prince was shocked. Then, his gaze became unfriendly.

“Roar!!!”

The Golden Dragon Prince roared, and golden light flickered all over its body. It directly used its transcendent super skill, Golden Dragon Nine Revolutions.

Boom!!!

The huge golden divine dragon circled in the sky for an instant. Then, the sun in the sky burned even more fiercely. When the sunlight shone on the dragon scale, it turned into a golden beam of light with a bang, sweeping up the dragon might that filled the sky and hit the green dragon.

Golden Rainbow Piercing Sun!

Buzz!!

In the face of the golden beam, the green-gold Psychic fluctuations that filled the sky appeared out of thin air like a tide on the path of the Golden Dragon Prince’s attack. They changed qualitatively into the nature of water, wanting to turn into a huge net to slow down the Golden Dragon Prince’s attack.

Using softness to counter hardness.

However, the Golden Dragon Prince’s body didn’t stop at all. It instantly penetrated a huge hole in the Psychic Tide. The hot golden light instantly evaporated the Psychic Tide and rose.

“Roar!!!” Seeing this, Buggy roared. The power of the green dragon filled the world. It stretched out its dragon claw and slapped at the golden light.

The pure golden light immediately squeezed and collided with the green-gold light.

Boom.

In the dazzling light, the figure of the Golden Dragon Prince couldn’t be seen clearly. Buggy’s Green Dragon Divine Claw pressed against the golden light. The deterrence that intertwined and wrapped around each other instantly tore apart the clouds in the sky, causing countless cracks to appear on the ground of the island, and even making the endless waves tremble.

Seeing this, the ice dragon immediately froze the sea to prevent the aftermath from sweeping up a tsunami.

“Wuhu ~” The little white dragon was also shocked. It enjoyed watching others fight.

“What strong power.”

At the same time, after the collision, the Golden Dragon Prince was shocked to see that not only was the other party not penetrated by his Golden Rainbow Penetrating the Sun, but it also blocked him with a claw. He couldn’t believe that this was the power of an overlord.

In the huge roar, under the deterrence, the Golden Dragon Prince actually felt his bloodline body tremble.

“It’s alright.” Shi Yu’s voice came from the strong wind in the distance.

Super physique skill, Green Dragon Indestructible Body!

Multiple Skills, mainly the Green Dragon Roar and Dragon Raising Its Head, fused together, completely transforming Buggy’s physique into the Green Dragon Divine Body.

Its longing would transform into super Psychic power. Its roar would make a god tremble. Its body had extremely strong self-healing abilities. Its dragon eyes could see through all weaknesses. Apart from that, it could multiply at will and mobilize the power of faith to forge an immortal body.

“That’s all?!!” In the shocking collision, the Golden Dragon Prince roared. After the energy flowed around his body, his Stats increased greatly, and he erupted with an extremely strong power, instantly shattering the green-gold light. The golden rainbow instantly burned the Green Dragon Divine Claw of the Green Dragon Buggy pitch-black. With a crack, it broke, making half of Buggy’s claw disappear.

“Roar!!” Buggy was angry.

Then, just as the golden rainbow was about to penetrate Buggy’s body, spatial ripples flashed, and Buggy instantly disappeared in front of the Golden Dragon Prince.

Buzz!

Buggy’s figure appeared higher in the sky. It didn’t have time to look at its half-clawed hand. Instead, it quickly looked at the golden rainbow that refracted like light.

Boom!!!

Buggy immediately entered a concealed state, but the Golden Dragon Prince’s attack was already enough to distort space. With a bang, its hidden body distorted and penetrated a large wound, forcing Buggy to leave the range of the attack through Instant Transmission again to avoid being heavily injured by the hundred-meter-long golden rainbow.

Swoosh.

Buggy’s figure appeared again, but the Golden Dragon Prince’s attack became more and more fierce.

Strength, speed, and energy Stats continued to increase.

The power of the spatial distortion became stronger and stronger, blocking Buggy’s teleportation speed. This time, before Buggy could react, the golden rainbow that intertwined in the sky directly hit Buggy’s body and smashed towards the island ground.

The hundred-meter-long golden light looked like a meteor with the green divine dragon.

At the same time, the previous hot attack seemed to be accompanied by frost this time. The cold air that filled the sky dyed a layer of ice clouds, continuing to freeze Buggy.