Chapter 1033 - 1033 Four Holy Beasts Descend (1)

1033 Four Holy Beasts Descend (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The super genius from Ping Cheng, the legend of the world, Shi Yu.

Dong Huang’s most important ally, the eldest prince of the strongest ocean faction, Dragon Palace City.

To the new recruits of the Environmental Protection Department below, these two were both legendary existences that they needed to look up to.

And now, they wanted to fight in a few words after meeting, immediately making these new recruits excited.

It seemed like he was about to encounter big news.

“Minister Shi Yu do you want to fight”

Below, Huang Qi, Cen Mingzhi, and the others were also instantly excited.

There was a good show to watch.

“Oh?” Shi Yu looked down and said, “It’s none of your business. Continue training.”

“Remember to activate the Protection Facility to avoid the aftermath interference.”

In a battle of this level, how could he have the time to protect a group of new recruits?

What the hell?

“Huh?”

As Shi Yu finished speaking, the excited expressions of most of the people below stopped.

So heartless.

“Let’s go to the isolated island.” The eldest prince of Dragon Palace City was rather satisfied to see Shi Yu accept the challenge.

Then, Shi Yu and the others flew to an isolated island in the East Sea. During this process, Ice Dragon handed the new Dragon God Protection to Shi Yu.

During this period, the Golden Dragon Prince wanted to say something but hesitated many times. It said, “What the little white dragon said just now was nonsense. I didn’t say it.”

Although it wasn’t afraid of Shi Yu, it didn’t want to take the blame!

The little white dragon: “Ah, no? Did I remember wrongly?”

Shi Yu : “”

“It’s alright, there’s no need to overestimate it. It’s still far from the real Green Dragon,” Shi Yu said.

Ice Dragon and Little White Dragon: “Nonsense!”

They had seen the World Tournament. How could they not know if that strength was the real Green Dragon?

“Oh?” However, when the Golden Dragon Prince saw that Shi Yu had shown weakness before the battle, he became even more confident.

Soon, Shi Yu flew to an isolated island with Dragon Palace City.

After arriving, the ice dragon and the little white dragon immediately turned into melons and ran to the side excitedly.

“I’ll protect the venue,” Ice Dragon said.

“I’ll cheer you on,” the little white dragon said.

“Roar!!!! (Then I won’t hold back. Sir Shi Yu, thank you for the battle.)” In the sky, the hundred-meter-long Golden Dragon Crown Prince circled up, its golden scales shining.

Shi Yu could sense the strength of the Golden Dragon Prince’s physique. The Golden Dragon Race was also a race known for its physique. Because of the advantage of level, its current strength was even above Buggy. This time, Buggy would have a difficult battle.

Shi Yu didn’t plan to help Buggy, including the Green Dragon Domain and Spirit connection. His current body didn’t allow it either. He would treat it as letting Buggy train itself.

“Same. Please do your best, Your Highness.” Shi Yu smiled politely.

“Roar.” In the next moment, the huge black summoning array behind Shi Yu shone with a green-gold light. In the spatial ripples, a hundred-meter-long green divine dragon appeared. Its golden eyes stared at the golden dragon in front of it.

The two dragons looked at each other, their eyes especially red.

“You’re the lucky guy who evolved into a green dragon?!”

“Come on, let me see how strong the Green Dragon’s faith skill is.” The Golden Dragon Prince’s gaze was serious as he made a full battle state, wanting to see how strong the Green Dragon’s faith skill was.

“Ji. (I refuse.)” However, Buggy turned around proudly.

If he wanted to see faith skills, he had to pay more!

Golden Dragon Prince: “?”

The Golden Dragon Prince raised his eyebrows and said, “What do you mean?”

Shi Yu smiled and said, “Your Highness, the use of the Green Dragon Faith Skill will consume rare power of faith. It’s not suitable to use it easily.”

“We’re just sparring. There’s no need to work so hard, right? Let’s stop when it’s time.”

Golden Dragon Prince: “?”

“Roar.” The Green Dragon Buggy nodded. Yes, yes, every time a piece was smashed, its heart would ache.

There was no benefit in defeating him. Wasting the power of faith was a huge loss.

“It’s at the overlord level, and I’m at the totem level. How can it fight me without the power of faith?” The Golden Dragon Prince frowned and said, “What I want is more than just a spar. Please be more serious and do your best.”

The reason why the Golden Dragon Prince wanted to challenge was because he sensed the threat of Shi Yu and the Green Dragon Buggy.

At the moment, it was said that Dragon Palace City, such as the Frost Dragon King, the Sea Dragon King, the Azure Dragon King, and even the Dragon God, respected the Green Dragon very much.

This made it, the eldest prince, feel a sense of danger.

Under normal circumstances, after the Dragon God abdicated, it was a Dragon Palace genius with a high chance of becoming the new Dragon God.

Now, the talent and potential of the various Dragon Kings were inferior to it.

Initially, the future was incomparably beautiful, but now, a green dragon had appeared out of nowhere and was even supported by most of the factions of the Dragon Palace. How could the Golden Dragon Prince be at ease?

It had come this time to test the Green Dragon’s trump card, but if the opponent didn’t want to expose it, what was there to be happy about even if it won with its high realm? In the end, it still didn’t obtain any information.

Only by defeating the overlord-level Green Dragon that erupted with all its might could it deduce the threat the Green Dragon posed to it after entering the totem level. Only then would it know how to become stronger.

No one could snatch the position of the Dragon God!

“Your Highness, don’t worry. Even if it doesn’t use the power of faith, it won’t be weak,” Shi Yu said.

The Golden Dragon Prince: “Nonsense.”

Did they even take a totem level like him seriously!

“Roar!!!” The Golden Dragon Prince’s dragon eyes flickered. Damn it, to think it had cultivated for so long before coming to challenge. In the end, the so-called world legend was actually so timid.

Shi Yu and Buggy’s attitude made the Golden Dragon Prince grit its teeth in anger. It could even use a meteorite to fight the Green Dragon Prince of the Dragonman Empire, so why couldn’t it use it on it?