Chapter 1031 - 1031 Welcome To The Mythical Era (2)

1031 Welcome to the Mythical Era (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

President Lin said, “During this period of time, I’ve been thinking about what Dong Huang will use to welcome the Mythical Era.”

“Even during the peak of the Mythical Era, Blue Planet was only a small corner of the vast starry sky.”

“Although the World Tree entrusted the hope of Blue Planet to humans, the time left for human development is still too short. Even if every Legendary is a genius with the potential to enter the Mythical Domain in the future, there are still too few such people.”

“Dong Huang needs more geniuses like you. You’re already in front. If you can help them, that would be best.”

President Lin thought for a long time. Although Shi Yu was a genius and had extremely strong talent potential, he couldn’t place all the fate of the country on Shi Yu alone.

No one could guarantee that Shi Yu could definitely grow successfully. From President Lin’s perspective, he hoped that the entire Dong Huang was powerful and everyone was like dragons, not Shi Yu alone. Of course, the difficulty was even greater.

“Yeah.” Shi Yu nodded. He didn’t want Dong Huang to bet everything on him either.

At the thought of this, he suddenly understood Lin Feng Legendary.

Legendary Lin Feng’s goal in nurturing the second team was to let them protect Dong Huang, so he could wander around without any worries.

Instead of the current situation, where people like Divine Source Legendary were very tired and needed to sleep at all times to protect Dong Huang.

In fact, Shi Yu looked forward to being llike Lin Feng Legendary more. If he kept staying in Dong Huang, he would suffocate to death.

“Then I’ll nurture more geniuses with Legendary potential,” Shi Yu said.

Please don’t put everything on him.

Compared to staying in Dong Huang, space-time travel, starry sky travel, and the unknown place mentioned by the World Tree attracted Shi Yu to explore more.

Well He also wanted to learn from Lin Feng Legendary and nurture some second teams. He just had to leave them behind to help him take care of his acquaintances in Dong Huang.

“I’ll help,” Shi Yu said. “Dong Huang doesn’t have any other plans.”

“In order to welcome the Mythical Era, Dong Huang has already started to prepare,” President Lin said with a smile.

“Thanks to you and the Blue Sea Sprite, Dong Huang has already completed an alliance with most ocean totem factions like the Endless Sea and the Ghost Sea.”

“Now that Dong Huang has basically mastered the hegemony of the sea, it can travel the sea freely and come into contact with most totem factions through the sea.”

“Now, under the threat of external enemies and the guidance of the World Tree, Dong Huang can already try to open up world trade and earn more resources. It can even lead to upgrading the Seven Nation Alliance to the Blue Planet Alliance. If Dong Huang can become the master of the Alliance, the fate of the country will be tied to the fate of the planet. It can use a large amount of resources to change the talent potential of the Beast Tamers in the country and nurture more geniuses.”

Shi Yu said, “Blue Planet Alliance? Economic globalization? Benefiting the community?”

It was indeed not bad, but

“Not only between humans and the totem country, but there’s also a blood feud between the totem countries. Even if there’s the threat of external enemies, it’s very difficult to establish a planet alliance, right?” Shi Yu said.

“Yeah.” President Lin nodded.

“Therefore, the Seven Nation Alliance is planning to develop a large-scale ruins mystic realm that can connect the entire world and build a second virtual world with the power of technology. At that time, through the various benefits of the second world, it will lure the totem country to join. This might become a key step in establishing the Blue Planet Alliance.”

Shi Yu was stunned. A virtual game?

The Seven Nation Alliance was going to play big this time.

It sounded quite interesting, but unfortunately, he was also busy establishing the “planet world” and couldn’t spare the energy to mess around with the seven countries.

“The Heavenly Fox Nation and the Heavenly Sword Nation I’ve been to don’t have any technological foundation. Most totem countries are the same. Using the power of technology to invade culture is indeed a dimensional reduction attack,” Shi Yu said. “But this way, the technological level of the totem country will quickly get on track.”

President Lin smiled and said, “This can’t be helped. As long as high-end technology is in the hands of the seven countries, it’s fine. The most important thing now is still to welcome the Mythical Era.”

….

After talking to President Lin for a long time, Shi Yu stretched and lay on the bed again to look at the ceiling.

After the incident with Yun An, it was normal for President Lin not to want him to run around.

As for the ruins mystic realms in the country, there were indeed a few that interested Shi Yu.

For example, he had never been to the ruin that trapped the strongest person in Bureau 11 who had yet to come out.

For example, Shi Yu had yet to find the ruins corresponding to the ruins crystal that flew out of the heroic spirit ruins established by Emperor Shi. He didn’t know if it was in Dong Huang.

Shi Yu stretched again and was thinking about where to start exploring, but in the next moment, he suddenly looked in the direction of the East Sea, which was the sea area of the Ice Dragon Snow Mountain. He sensed at least two totem-level fluctuations from there.

“Ling.”

“Well, it should be the totem dragon king of Dragon Palace City. It seems to be the aura of Senior Ice Dragon. The other one is relatively unfamiliar. Golden Dragon King?” Ling said.

“Let’s go take a look,” Shi Yu said.

In the Ice Dragon Snow Mountain Sea area, as the headquarters of the Environmental Protection Department, the navy was still stationed here.

Huang Qi, Cen Mingzhi, and the others underwent special training at the sea base every day. At the moment, they were the highest commanders of this godforsaken base.