Chapter 1037 - 1037 The Four Holy Beasts Descend (5)

1037 The Four Holy Beasts Descend (5)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“You’re telling me this isn’t a faith skill?” The Golden Dragon Prince didn’t believe it at all.

The four holy clones were all out. Wasn’t this a faith skill?

Its transcendent super Skill was even suppressed. These clones all had extremely strong strength like the main body. If this wasn’t a faith skill, what was? If not, how could it be so strong?

“It doesn’t seem to be. I don’t see any power of faith,” the little white dragon shouted.

“Indeed, there are no fluctuations of power of faith.” Ice Dragon was also quite shocked at this moment. It suddenly realized that the four holy clones weren’t faith skills.

It was actually a pure and incomparably powerful super phantom-type Skill. No, there was even the effect of an army skill and a domain skill.

The Golden Dragon Prince’s expression stiffened again and it was a little silent. Indeed, it didn’t sense the power of faith either.

The manifestations of power such as faith, nature, space, and Elemental were still different.

“Big Brother Golden Dragon, charge!!!” At this moment, the little white dragon crazily cheered and said, “Senior Shi Yu’s extraordinary power and Beast Taming Talent have yet to be used, as is Senior Buggy’s faith Skill.”

“Stop warming up. Hurry up and show your full strength to fight Senior Shi Yu seriously. Don’t worry, Senior Shi Yu will definitely work hard to obtain your recognition.” The little white dragon continued to shout, making the Golden Dragon Prince’s expression become more and more stiff.

Motherf*cker.

How could it not tell that the little white dragon was fanning the flames?

It was clearly already fighting very seriously.

However, the little white dragon’s words made the Golden Dragon Prince’s expression turn pale. He had yet to use his extraordinary power, Beast Taming Talent, and faith skills

It naturally knew what these were. So, was the other party really warming up now

To be honest, the Golden Dragon Prince regretted leaving Dragon Palace City at this moment.

He regretted even more that he had said that as long as he won its recognition, he would help Shi Yu and the others promote the Green Dragon faith in Dragon Palace City.

At this moment, the Golden Dragon Prince was in a dilemma

Monster

This was the overlord level?

“Is that all?” However, its pride as the eldest prince of Dragon Palace City didn’t allow it to admit defeat just like that!!

“Watch me tear you apart one by one!!!” The Golden Dragon Prince roared and attacked the Green Dragon, White Tiger, Vermillion Bird, and Black Tortoise that were staring at it again.

White, red, black, and green pillars of light locked onto the Golden Dragon Prince.

In an instant, the Berserking surging pillar of light swallowed the Golden Dragon Prince’s figure.

The light first compressed and focused, then light bloomed like the explosion of the sun.

Boom!!!

The Golden Dragon Prince was directly Devoured by the Four Holy Punishments. A shocking scream immediately penetrated space and spread throughout the East Sea!!

“Holy shit.” As the ice dragon and the little white dragon cried, the frozen sea also shattered, and Gusts swept out.

At the Environmental Protection Department base, the new recruits who had returned to their training state were stunned when they sensed the Gust that suddenly blew over and the screams that sounded a little like the Golden Dragon Prince coming from afar.

They looked into the distance with stunned expressions.

….

The battle finally ended in the Golden Dragon Prince’s defeat. It directly fainted and lost consciousness. Buggy was exhausted beside it and cursed this golden dragon for being too resistant to beatings.

With the strength of the Golden Dragon Prince, which was close to a top-notch totem, without paying money, also known as using the power of faith, Buggy was almost exhausted after defeating it. However, in order to show off, Buggy still pretended not to use much strength and watched the Golden Dragon land. As for it, it casually turned into a little green dragon and flew into Shi Yu’s pocket.

After the battle was completed, the little white dragon and the ice dragon gulped. They didn’t expect the Golden Dragon Prince to lose just like that. They really didn’t expect that in the end, the eldest prince actually didn’t force out some of Shi Yu’s trump cards such as extraordinary power, Beast Taming Talent, and faith skills. They originally thought that even if Shi Yu could win, he would have to spend a lot of power of faith

“Say, His Highness the Crown Prince should keep his promise and help promote the Green Dragon faith in Dragon Palace City, right?” Shi Yu muttered. A battle couldn’t be fought for nothing.

“Senior Shi Yu is impressive, awesome, Senior Buggy is impressive, awesome!! Don’t worry, if Big Brother Golden Dragon doesn’t keep his promise, I’ll go to the Dragon Palace to spread it everywhere that it doesn’t keep its word.” The little white dragon immediately took sides.

“Little white dragon, don’t be naughty.” Shi Yu looked at it with a smile. He felt that the little white dragon was becoming more and more sensible. Was this growth?

“Kid, you guys are much stronger than during the world competition again.” At this moment, Ice Dragon was also shocked at the side. Not only had Shi Yu broken through to the legend level, but Buggy was definitely much stronger than during the world competition.

It was certain that Shi Yu’s current strength had already exceeded Mu Huiyin.

“Yeah, it’s not just Buggy and me. Chi Tong has also become much stronger. Its improvement is even greater than Buggy. Mother Dragon, do you want to test Chi Tong?” Shi Yu said casually.

Chi Tong had improved so much. Its growth also had to be shared with its elders.

“Really?” Ice Dragon was delighted. Among Shi Yu’s pets, it definitely liked and cared more about Chi Tong.

“No problem” Ice Dragon laughed. It was just about to say that there was no problem, but the cold air that appeared on its back previously appeared again, making Ice Dragon’s expression stiffen. It had a bad feeling.

Its evolution this time had awakened a dangerous perception time-element Skill.

At this moment, Ice Dragon, who was just about to say that there was no problem, felt that this skill was unprecedentedly excited.

Skill: Run!!! That sword isn’t a good daughter!!!

Thump.

Ice Dragon seemed to have seen the scene of itself lying in the Dragon Palace with serious injuries. Its gaze exploded as it looked at Shi Yu and said, “No, no, no, who would want to?!!”

“Wait, with your strength, you should be able to find that Undying Dark Phoenix, right? How about I accompany you to test it?”