Chapter 1030 - 1030 Welcome To The Mythical Era

1030 Welcome to the Mythical Era

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Assisting Chi Tong in fusing and awakening quasi-divine skills during its evolution consumed a lot of energy.

He had consumed more than 90% of the ten thousand years of lifespan strengthened by the Eternal Flower, and his vitality was greatly injured.

Baby Ginseng nursed Shi Yu back for a day.

“Wow, wow, wow, wow!”

Shi Yu lay weakly on the big bed and looked at the familiar ceiling. A discordant voice echoed in his mouth.

“F*ck.”

“Is this the so-called ‘extremely low success rate’?”

He now felt that his body was numb and unable to exert any strength. In Ling’s words, he was finished. He should recuperate for half a month.

In the past half a month, be it the mind domain or the additional points for fusion, it was best not to use them.

Moreover, during this period of time, it was best if Baby Ginseng didn’t leave his side and carried it like a cell phone.

Now, Shi Yu was as weak as the Vortex Demon Beast, the Black Meteorite Yak, and the Ancient Gods.

This made Shi Yu’s balls hurt slightly, but it wasn’t unacceptable. At most, he would slowly meditate and rest.

In any case, Chi Tong had already completed its evolution. They had created the Immortal Slaying Sword Formation as they wished. His obsession for a short period of time was completed.

“Master, when you were sleeping, President Lin called you again,” Ling said. “I picked up on your behalf.”

“What is it?” Shi Yu said.

“When the reconnaissance machinery of the Divine Source Legendary arrived at the Heavenly Sword Nation, the Yun Race had already left. They left very quickly and couldn’t lock onto their traces.”

“I knew it,” Shi Yu muttered. “He ran really quickly But it’s alright.”

“When the World Tree awakens, it shouldn’t be difficult to find them.”

“By the way, what’s the situation in the Heavenly Sword Nation?” Shi Yu asked. If Yun An didn’t achieve his goal, the Heavenly Sword Nation would most likely suffer.

“There are no traces of damage elsewhere in the Heavenly Sword Ancient Nation, but it’s said that the Sword Ghost God and everyone on the Sword God Mountain have mysteriously disappeared.”

“At the same time, the two totems of the Heavenly Sword Nation disappeared.”

“Ling suspects that Yun An must have abducted them and wanted to modify them into the Yun Race. After all, the Yun Race has just revived, and their faction is far inferior to the ancient times. They urgently need to expand their faction and replenish their new blood.”

“It can be said that the Heavenly Sword Nation has no leader and has already fallen into complete chaos. Moreover, before Yun An left the Heavenly Sword Nation, he even left a message for Master. At the moment, Dong Huang is considering whether to take over the Heavenly Sword Nation.”

Shi Yu fell into deep thought and said, “Don’t tell me Yun An said that he would definitely kill me?”

“Master, you’re so smart. It told you to hide in Dong Huang for the rest of your life and not go out. Otherwise, it’ll kill you every time it sees you. It knows that you ate the Undying Fruit and said that it would kill you twice, but it still won’t be able to solve the hatred in its heart.”

Shi Yu: “?”

“He’s just a demigod. So be it. I originally didn’t plan to leave Dong Huang in the short term.”

Ling: “?”

Ling was speechless.

How could he be so arrogant and say such cowardly words?

But that made sense. There was no need to fight Yun An now and develop for a while From Chi Tong’s evolution this time, Ling felt that they would be able to face demigods soon.

“President Lin He also asked you to contact him after you wake up.”

“I understand.” Shi Yu sighed. He used his Psychic power to hook the cell phone on the table and dialed President Lin.

Soon, President Lin picked up in silence.

“President Lin, I’m back in Dong Huang. How’s the situation now?”

“Ling has already told you, right?” President Lin said. “At the moment, it’s still that progress. Now, Yun An is hiding again. It’s very difficult to find. Don’t leave Dong Huang.”

“Alright.” Shi Yu smiled, but he felt that Yun An was also bragging. Even if he left Dong Huang, unless he was especially high-profile, it was impossible for Yun An to find him.

Moreover, the next time he left Dong Huang, he would return to ancient times to play. It was even more impossible for Yun An to find him.

“But I also know that you can’t stay idle. There are also many unsolved ruins mystic realms in Dong Huang. If you really can’t stay idle, walk around Dong Huang more,” President Lin said helplessly.

As the founder of Bureau 11, didn’t he know the mindsets of Bureau 11 archeologists?

“No problem, no problem.” Shi Yu smiled and said, “I happen to plan to rest for a period of time.”

President Lin said, “That’s good. In addition, if you have time, you can also help train Lu Qingyi, Lin Xiuzhu, White Brook, and the others. After all, they are the hope of Dong Huang’s next world competition.”

“Didn’t you say back then that you could also teach your Psychic skill to others?”

“With your current strength and foundation, I’m afraid there aren’t many Trainers better than you in all of Dong Huang.”

Shi Yu had a strange expression.

Why were they all women he was familiar with? President Lin definitely had other bad intentions.

“That’s not a problem. I have that thought,” Shi Yu said.

At the moment, Baby Ginseng’s World Tree Fruit was already considered mature.

This World Tree Fruit could increase one’s comprehension talent.

Coupled with the body control talent bead in Senior Lu’s hand, Shi Yu felt that it was definitely very useful.

For example, if the beast-eared girl used her body to control the Talent Bead and cooperated with the World Tree Fruit to develop the Fusion Talent, the chances of developing a top-notch Fusion Talent like Emperor Wu would increase greatly.

At that time, it wasn’t impossible for him to torture overlord-level pets at the level of a level-five Beast Tamer.

This was the aptitude of a Legendary! At the moment, because his family background was too rich, Shi Yu no longer limited his desire to nurture pets. He even wanted to nurture people.