Chapter 1044 - 1044 Shi Yu Creates The World (4)

1044 Shi Yu Creates the World (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

For Shi Yu, who couldn’t bear to use the power of faith, it was clearly the most cost-effective to nurture faith himself.

As for more complicated worlds, such as the Six Paths of Reincarnation mechanism, the three realms of heaven, earth, and man, they were not something Shi Yu and the others could create at the moment. They could only use trickery to add some vitality to this world first.

“Let’s call this continent ‘Star Continent’ first,” Shi Yu said.

“Mi!!” Little Zi agreed.

Next, in order to accelerate the evolution of the Star Continent, Shi Yu and the others began to create life.

Be it Normal animals or ordinary humans, there had to be them here.

Shi Yu and the others’ method of creating life definitely couldn’t let them directly capture a portion of it from Blue Planet and throw it into the Star Continent.

Firstly, there were too many needs, and it was easy to destroy the ecology of Blue Planet. Secondly, it was too troublesome.

For example, humans on Blue Planet. After a long evolution, the Beast Taming Strength system had already been engraved in their bloodlines. It was already very difficult to change it. It was not something Little Zi could do. Humans with Beast Taming Talents would definitely go astray in the evolution direction of the world.

Therefore, Shi Yu and the others chose to learn from Nuwa.

Build it himself!

It didn’t rely on birthing.

It relied on making!

In the myths, Nuwa used mud to create humans, and Shi Yu and the others used a similar method.

Through Buggy’s power of imagination.

First, he would let Buggy pinch enough animals and humans in the Legendary Ruins. Then, Shi Yu and the others would send them into the Star Continent.

This method had the greatest problem.

At the moment, Buggy’s power of imagination had yet to cultivate a nomological divine skill, so it couldn’t really turn illusion into reality and create life out of thin air.

Therefore, the illusions it created weren’t real individuals. They couldn’t provide the power of faith.

If he wanted to change this, he had to let these illusions really develop self-awareness, break free from Buggy’s restraints, and complete new evolution.

Just like mechanical phantom beasts like Little Ji, after becoming a mechanical life form, it was no longer under Buggy’s control. It was a new individual.

And this would have to be done by Little Zi.

Back then, a top-notch god named Goddess Wa brought humans to Blue Planet. The World Tree used these humans as the template core and created native Blue Planet humans who had mastered the power of Beast Taming.

At this moment, the Dragon God of Creation named Green Dragon brought humans into the Star Continent. As the will of the world, Little Purple could also rely on the power of the world to modify these life phantoms into native life forms by eating soul crystals, Spirit Crystals, Life Crystals, and other resources.

Of course, the premise was that the essence of these illusions was Normal life forms.

Buggy only created illusions of Normal animals and ordinary humans. It wasn’t difficult for Little Purple to modify them through the power of the world.

However, if Shi Yu and the others were too arrogant and created Ultraman and Saiyans, they would definitely not be able to modify them.

“Mi!!”

In almost a few days, countless animals and humans moved on the Star Continent with ignorant understanding of the world.

At this moment, Little Zi’s inner world didn’t have extraordinary power.

Shi Yu was not in a hurry to activate the transcendent evolution of this world.

After all, the compatibility between these lives and their natives was still too low. There were too few of them, and their intelligence was not high.

It still needed to reproduce and evolve again to gradually integrate into the Star Continent.

By eating the fake god skill Time Fruit created by Baby Ginseng, Little Purple increased the speed of the Star Continent.

During the day, Shi Yu and the others trained Senior Lu. At night, Shi Yu and the others observed the changes in the new world. Just like that, half a month of Shi Yu’s recuperation quickly passed.

Because the evolution direction was different, the wild beasts obtained powerful strength, while the barbarians were relatively weak. They also developed the intelligence to rely on fire and Arms to fight the wild beasts. Both parties were evenly matched and evolved with each other. They developed well.

Seeing this, Shi Yu felt that it was time.

It was night.

Star Continent.

All life looked at the shining starry sky.

A sudden meteor shower descended at lightning speed.

Countless meteorites fell from the starry sky to the ground and ocean.

These meteorites didn’t seem to have caused any damage to the ground, but they shattered the natural power contained in the entire world.

An extraordinary power suddenly appeared in the minds of countless lives who came into contact with the meteorite.

A green dragon appeared in the minds of some humans, a white tiger in the minds of some wild beasts, a vermillion bird in the minds of some birds, and a black tortoise in the minds of some sea beasts

These Spirit Totems carried strong divine might, making these lives have the mood to submit. Some lives that regarded them as gods quickly discovered the transcendent changes produced by visualizing the bodies of these totems.

On this day, a new era began in the Star Continent. Future generations would call it the Mythical Era.

The entire Star Continent began the great cultivation era.

“With Little Zi’s current strength, no matter how they cultivate or what methods they use, there’s very little hope of their levels exceeding the transcendent level.”

“The higher you go, the harder it is to. It’s just like how no life form on Blue Planet can reach the divine level.”

“However, there are people on Blue Planet who can break through the restraints of the planet and head to the starry sky. Little Zi, Ling, do you think a super genius might appear in this Star Continent in the future, break through the world restrictions, and ascend in front of us?” On the bed, Shi Yu held Little Zi and said to Ling, who was in charge of deducing the world beside him.