Chapter 1045 - 1045 Earth And Ocean Overlord (1)

1045 Earth and Ocean Overlord (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Alliance calendar, year 180.

It had been three years since Shi Yu became a Beast Tamer.

Moreover, he was still charging at the higher “Legendary Domain” and “Divine Realm”.

He originally estimated that the former would take another two years, while the latter might take seven years.

Ping Cheng, garden villa area.

A blue Psychic flew over, and the fridge door automatically opened. A bottle of Frost flew into Shi Yu’s hand.

Just as he completed the meditation cultivation in the second space, Shi Yu yawned in a daze.

His second Beast Taming Space had already reached level six. His improvement was very fast, and he was about to catch up to the level of the first Beast Taming Space.

In the second team, the ones with the fastest battle power progress were undoubtedly Little Ji and Duckie.

In half a month, with Ling’s help, Little Ji had already evolved into a land overlord of a quasi Mythical Race through fusing with the Earth Divine Dragon fossil.

As for the duck, with Susu’s help, it evolved into an ocean overlord of a quasi Mythical Race. Shi Yu preferred to call it the Sea Cleansing Demon Duck.

Because they were both new breeds, the racial names naturally followed Little Ji and Duckie’s joy. The two went against each other, each taking the racial names of land overlord and ocean overlord.

Now, Shi Yu’s half-eliminated legendary ruins space had already become a battlefield for Little Ji and Duckie. The terrain had almost been reconstructed by them.

Due to the lead of evolution and divine-level resources, their growth level had also reached the overlord level. They had the ability to change nature.

Although Shi Yu’s second space was only level six, he didn’t let them deliberately suppress their levels. After all, in his current situation, Little Ji and Duckie’s breakthrough was no longer a contract above their level.

It could completely withstand it, and the benefits of the feedback were even greater than the consumption.

“Quack!!!”

Shi Yu only took a glance at the Legendary Ruins and saw an ocean.

There was also a huge black duck five meters tall with dark blue patterns standing on the tsunami and surfing.

On its neck, the pure golden-blue water that was like cleansing water froze like a ribbon, becoming a scarf-like part that floated behind it in an extremely domineering manner.

The rain fell drop by drop like bullets, strengthening the huge tsunami.

This way, it could also better control the power of the abyss and not lose itself.

However, compared to the Sea Cleansing Demon Duck, the duck preferred to call itself an ocean overlord.

[Name]: Duckie (Race: Ocean Overlord)

Stats: Water, Dark

[Race Level]: High-level overlord (Quasi Mythical)

[Growth Level]: Overlord level

[Race Skill]:

[Intermediate]: Water Blade (transcendent+), Heart Strike (transcendent+)

“High Level”: Heart Sword (expert+), Deterrence (expert+)

[Super]: Demon Vanquishing Pestle (expert+), Abyss Liberation (Proficient), Death Vortex (Proficient), Dark Sky Wave Rain (Proficient)

[Teaching Skill]:

[Intermediate]: Purification (Dao Proficiency)

“High Level”: Wave Sword (expert+)

Energy Points: 71.1 million

The newly awakened Dark Sky Wave Rain indeed gave it the qualifications to become the overlord of the sea. A storm summon instantly drowned the continent.

For this reason, in order to protect its territory, Little Ji had already fought Duckie in the Legendary Ruins for a day and night.

If Duckie became stronger, Little Ji would as well.

At this moment, although the land was submerged by the sea, magma rose wherever it stepped. Soon, a new land was formed and they faced each other head-on.

“Roar!!!” At this moment, on the originally earth dragon-like body, Little Ji’s appearance also changed.

Many cracks that looked like dry land appeared on its skin. In the cracks, the power of magma swam. It was this power that resisted the duck’s attack.

[Name]: Little Ji (Race: Mechanical Beast, Land Overlord)

[Stats]: Machinery, Dragon (Earth, Fire)

[Race Level]: High-level overlord (Quasi Mythical)

[Growth Level]: Overlord level

[Race Skill]

“Intermediate”: Basic Intelligence (expert+)

“Advanced”: Space Splitting Sword (expert+), Dragon Breath (expert+), Deterrence (Perfect+), Clear Sky (proficient)

“Super”: Earth Domain (expert+), Earthquake (expert+), Reverse Scale (expert+), Lava Explosion (proficient), Gravity Control (proficient)

[Teaching Skill]

“Advanced”: Super Heavy Sword (expert+)

Energy Points: 73,910,000

Because the Earth Divine Dragon fossil was relatively incomplete, it only helped Little Ji awaken skills like Lava Explosion, Clear Sky, and Gravity Control. It was actually alright.

As for the divine skill of the Earth Divine Dragon, perhaps it would have to wait for Little Ji to increase the skill proficiency of the Mythical Revival like Ling before there was a chance of inheriting and awakening.

And now, Shi Yu had yet to nurture them through adding points. Clearly, quasi-divine skills were still far from Little Ji and the others.

It could be said that at the moment, be it Little Ji or Duckie, their potential had yet to be completely unearthed.

Little Ji still had the possibility of awakening a Mythical bloodline, and the Abyss Seed that Duckie ate, as a divine-level resource, clearly had more than this amount of strength.

However, it had temporarily turned into potential. Its Abyss Liberation was a skill to unearth more abyssal power, but when used, it was easy to lose its rationality. It needed to be restricted by skills like Purification, Diamond Staff, Heart Sword, and so on.