Chapter 1047 - 1047 Earth And Ocean Overlord (3)

1047 Earth and Ocean Overlord (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Apart from some important things, the Alliance was also in charge of the challenges of legend Beast Tamers from various countries who wanted titles. Generally speaking, they would let Beast Tamers from other countries be examiners and bring the guardians of the Alliance to assess the challenger.

Shen Feng’s Fire God, Jones, clearly became the examiner for Lu Qingyi’s assessment this time. Of course, he wasn’t in charge of the assessment, but a guardian of his partner.

It was a huge green bull frog more than ten meters tall, wearing a green leaf cloak. It held a branch in its mouth and narrowed its eyes.

The guardian of the Alliance, the Forest King, and the wood-element Forest Frog Race. During the totem battle, in order to not be killed, they relied on one of the guardians of the Seven Nation Alliance. For more than a hundred years, they worked with fear and trepidation. What they mainly had to do was to train and assess safe jobs like sparring partners. Apart from work, they spent most of their time in “hibernation and sleep”.

To the Forest King’s surprise, after enduring for so long, he had finally become an elder of the Alliance and a senior of the Alliance. His status was extraordinary.

Choice was indeed important!

“I slept for three years at once. I’m so hungry.” The Forest King looked at the Fire God, Jones.

“Dong Huang should have prepared food, right? It’ll be there when we reach the Battle Island.” The Fire God Jones smiled bitterly and said, “You’ve already eaten all the food prepared on the ship. The amount of food prepared is clearly the same as usual”

“When you pick me up next time, prepare more. My strength should have improved again. I feel that my appetite has become bigger and bigger in the past few years.” The Forest King looked at the sea.

“Can we eat the small fish and prawns here?”

Fire God Jones said, “Of course. This isn’t the Dragon Palace sea area, nor has it entered the Dong Huang sea area. However, small fish and shrimps in such a place aren’t very nutritious.”

“Just treat it as a snack. I’ll advance with you in the sea,” the Forest King said.

With that said, he jumped into the sea with a plop.

Seeing this, Fire God Jones shook his head.

The ship continued to sail calmly.

As for the Forest King, it had already dived to the bottom of the sea and fed itself.

Just as the Fire God Jones had said, there were indeed no nutritious creatures in this sea area.

“Quack.” The Forest King sighed. If it could do it again, it didn’t want to become a totem-level life form.

Although he had become stronger, he had also lost a sense of joy.

It was the joy of eating to its heart’s content.

For a totem creature with neither high nor low strength like it, it was unrealistic to eat well every day. It could only rely on sleep to offset its hunger. It was even hungrier when it attacked!

“I have to work again. I have to eat more before I work.”

“But the candidate this time, Jones just said that it seems to be a level-seven telepathy Beast Tamer?”

“It hasn’t even reached level eight, and it’s still telepathy. It should be very easy this time.”

As he thought about it, the Forest King dived deeper into the sea and searched for transcendent and commander-level sea fish as food.

As it ate, the Forest King swam in the direction of Dong Huang’s Battle Island with the ship. However, it suddenly realized that the change in the flow of ocean energy in the deeper seabed was a little strange.

It was as if there was a greedy devourer devouring the power of the ocean to its heart’s content in the depths of the sea.

This scene made the Forest King slightly concerned as it swam in the direction of the energy change.

Soon.

On the dark deep sea rock, the Forest King saw a cute jelly-like Water Slime opening its mouth wide and absorbing the sea energy!

“Wah!!! Wu!!!” As Susu cleansed the seawater, it absorbed the water-element energy into the Infinite Devour Space and strengthened the Sea Cleansing Spirit with the Blue Sea Contract!

The efficiency was much faster than directly absorbing it at home!

Susu also noticed the arrival of the Forest King, but it only glanced at the big frog casually and didn’t care much.

However, to Susu’s surprise, after the big frog saw it, its expression gradually became abnormal. With a croak, it became more and more excited.

“Strange, why is there a Water Slime here, but the energy fluctuations are so rich and fragrant.” The Forest King directly widened its eyes, wanting to swallow this blue jelly.

Fish, worms, water elemental creatures, and plant lives were all its favorite food

“Caw!!!” The Forest King leaped up and pounced at Susu.

At this moment, Susu was also stunned and revealed a puzzled expression. It wasn’t a ginseng baby.

But was this guy serious?

It was so weak, but it still wanted to eat it?

As a Blue Sea Sprite, especially a Blue Sea Sprite that had fused a bunch of new top-notch water-element Skills

In the deep sea, even Eleven, Baby Ginseng, and Chi Tong couldn’t defeat it together It was confident!