Chapter 1048 - 1048 The Examiner Is Always The One Who’S Injured

1048 The Examiner Is Always the One Who’s Injured

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Croak!”

It had been a long time since the Forest King had seen such clean food.

The Forest King still missed the cold jelly-like texture of the Water Slime.

However, the Forest King was actually a little puzzled.

It felt that this Water Slime was not weak!

This was very strange!

How could a slime be so strong?

In the end, the Forest King thought of an explanation himself.

It was most likely a lucky person who had accidentally swallowed some natural treasure.

This situation was very common.

Most low-level pets didn’t rely on hard work, but luck to accidentally eat treasures.

It was the same.

The Forest King didn’t expect that it was still so lucky. What was the difference between the Water Slime in front of it and a natural treasure?

“I’ll swallow it!”

The Forest King laughed and stuck out its long tongue. Moreover, its tongue became larger and larger during the passage, wanting to pull the Water Slime into its mouth!

Seeing this, Susu was speechless.

It was so embarrassing.

What was that green mucus?!!

“Ning” Susu frowned. It naturally wouldn’t sit back and watch this guy eat it.

It directly erupted with energy, and frost surged all over its body.

Boom!!!

A shocking ice-element energy surged out.

When it attacked, the Forest King actually didn’t realize the seriousness of the problem.

It could sense that Susu’s energy fluctuations were very strong, but this perception was wrong!

Every pet of Shi Yu was often in a shrunken state similar to Eleven’s restrained form in order to preserve its physical strength.

This could reduce the body’s consumption to a very low level.

Therefore, from the perspective of outsiders, if they didn’t master any powerful reconnaissance Skills to see the origin, it was very difficult to discover Susu’s true strength.

Although the Forest King was shocked by the strength of Susu’s energy, it clearly underestimated its strength.

Compared to Susu’s original endless power, this was more than a drop in the bucket.

A shocking cold current erupted from Susu’s body. The Forest King was stunned, and its pupils constricted. Before its brain could react, with a hum, a huge ice cube appeared in the deep sea!

Moreover, the power of frost was still spreading, gradually forming an iceberg at the bottom of the sea.

In the center of the ice was the totem-level Forest King.

Its current expression was still stunned.

It seemed to not understand why this Water Slime suddenly erupted with power several times greater than before.

Quas Elemental Control+Heavenly Frost Cold Energy!

After all, the Forest King was wood-element. The bottom of the sea was not its home ground. Be it its movements, strength, or mobilization of natural power, they were extremely restricted. However, the totem level was still the totem level.

In less than a second, the frozen Forest King’s tongue began to vibrate intensely. Right on the heels of that, the vibration wave was transmitted to its entire body, and frog cries came from inside the ice.

“Ribbit! Ribbit, ribbit!”

A super Skill shocked everyone.

Under the strong vibration of the sound wave, just as Susu froze the Forest King, the huge ice shattered with a bang.

As the ice shattered, the Forest King looked at the Water Slime in shock and understood that this was not an easy guy.

With its reaction speed, it actually couldn’t dodge the Skill just now!

Although its power was weak, it was definitely an ice-element ultimate move!

“Who are you?” The Forest King shouted and gave up on eating Susu, planning to figure out the situation first.

However, at this moment, Susu didn’t want to stop attacking.

What a joke. He directly attacked it and even asked who it was.

It wanted to give Shi Yu and the others an extra meal today.

Catch a bull frog and make an authentic gluttonous frog with the chili made by the ginseng baby.

It was a surprise for the incoming Shi Yu and the others.

Boom!!!

Before the Forest King could react, the Heavenly Frost Cold Energy that was almost certain to hit instantly froze the Forest King again.

The strong frostbite corroded the Forest King’s body.

“Ribbit!!!” Under the frog’s cry, the ice shattered.

The Forest King Frog waved its hand, and countless flying leaves that flickered with green fluorescent light attacked Susu.

These flying leaves absorbed the water-element power, and their speed and attack power became stronger and stronger. They were not obstructed at all in the water and directly cut out a temporarily maintained empty area in the deep sea.

“Ning.”

More than ten flying leaves attacked. Susu was calm and composed. Its figure directly turned into water and fused into the sea. The control of the water element, together with the Elementalization, easily fused with the sea, causing this attack to lose its target.

Swoosh swoosh swoosh!!!

The bottom of the sea was divided, and countless large cracks appeared. The bottom of the sea was surging. When the Forest King saw the disappearing Susu, it frowned and turned to leave. It knew that fighting a water elemental creature with strong strength in the ocean was unwise.

It kicked its legs and wanted to swim back to the sea, but in the next moment, frost power surged, and the Forest King’s body was frozen again.

At this moment, the Forest King almost cursed. After all, it had already judged that it was an extremely powerful ice-element ultimate move. It might involve time. Otherwise, it would be impossible to freeze it every time.

However, this Water Slime actually used such a unique skill three times casually as if it didn’t need energy?

The laws of nature stated one should conserve physical strength and kill in one hit. If there was anything wrong, one should immediately slip away. This was the truth!

But at this moment, the Forest King felt that it had encountered a stubborn person who was chasing after it with a big move!

The big move was its regular, normal attack!

“Ribbit!!” Under the frog’s cry, the ice shattered, but at the same time, the Water Slime appeared above it.