Chapter 1040 - 1040 Senior Lu’S Arrival (3)

1040 Senior Lu’s Arrival (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“If you can learn it, you’ll definitely do better than me.”

“Alright.” Shi Yu smiled and said, “But my current state is a little poor. Ling doesn’t allow me to use my talent and extraordinary power too much. I’ll talk about it in the future, but I can assist Senior in developing it deeper.”

“What’s wrong with you again?” Senior Lu looked at Shi Yu and said with concern, “Don’t tense yourself up too much. It’s fine to relax a little.”

“It was an accident, an accident,” Shi Yu said in embarrassment. He was already lazing around. It was purely a cheat.

“Senior, mind resonance, Mythical Revival, multiple eruptions. Can your pet’s energy level exceed 100 million?” Shi Yu asked.

“It’s still a little difficult now”

“It shouldn’t be a problem to train again,” Shi Yu said in surprise. “I feel that after cultivating for a while, Senior, you can also have the strength to challenge a ‘title’, right?”

“It’s still very far.” Senior Lu waved her hand and said, “But if there’s a chance, I really want to challenge the title of ‘surpasser’.”

“You already have the title of ‘world legend’. You probably won’t snatch it from me, right?” Lu Qingyi smiled.

The title of surpasser was one of the titles issued by the Seven Nation Alliance. It was specially prepared for Beast Tamers with a telepathy talent. This was because telepathy didn’t have the effect of increasing battle power. Up until now, no Beast Tamer with a telepathy talent had obtained titled battle power, which was totem battle power.

This title had naturally been vacant for a long time.

Shi Yu had clearly fulfilled the conditions previously. However, he had already obtained the world legend title in advance, so he naturally ignored the title of surpasser.

“A Beast Tamer shouldn’t be able to obtain two titles, right?” Shi Yu scratched his cheek. A title issued by the Seven Nation Alliance didn’t seem to have any substantial rewards apart from the honor bonus.

Otherwise, he felt that the Alliance still owed him the title of “Dragon King”.

The Dragon King title required him to control a dragon-type pet to fight a dragon-type totem for a day and night. This was the lowest standard, and he had already controlled a dragon-type pet to destroy a dragon-type totem and defeat a dragon-type totem. It should be given to him! This was how it was easy to make a certain young man named Yu Shu lose his dream.

“There’s indeed no precedent.” Lu Qingyi smiled and said, “Why, do you still want to try?”

“Or do you have a dream series to give every pet a title?”

“Forget it.” Shi Yu smiled and said, “I don’t have the energy.”

“Senior, stay with me for a period of time. I happen to have a resource that can allow your strength to increase pretty well in a short period of time. When the time comes, let’s see the increase in effect. Perhaps you can challenge the title of ‘surpasser’ soon.”

“No, in half a month, go and challenge it and see how big the difference is.”

“Huh?” Lu Qingyi was stunned. She felt that Shi Yu was kidding. Unless it was a Mythical resource, why would she have titled battle power in half a month?

At the moment, there were only nine Beast Tamers with titles in the entire Dong Huang.

This included Shi Yu, a new titled legend.

After the World Tournament ended, Ye Xing went to challenge the title of battle pet warrior. He had already challenged it twice and had yet to succeed.

“I’m just trying out the difference. Senior, don’t tell me you think you can resist a totem in half a month?” Shi Yu asked with a smile.

“What’s wrong with that? If it’s your special training, it might really be possible.” Lu Qingyi smiled.

His so-called resources were actually Baby Ginseng’s Perfect-level World Tree Fruit and the new cultivation materials developed after the fusion Skill.

Coincidentally, Senior Lu had developed a new use of telepathy. Shi Yu was also more curious about how far she could develop with this resource.

That day, President Lin received Lu Qingyi’s application. She applied to challenge the title of “surpasser” half a month later.

He could not help but fall into deep thought.

The title of titled legend was certified and issued by the Alliance of the Seven Nation Alliance. The various countries only applied for the challenge and didn’t have the right to do the assessment.

“What exactly are Lu Qingyi and Shi Yu trying to do?” President Lin fell into deep thought. He had already learned that Lu Qingyi was undergoing special training with Shi Yu.

The title of surpasser required a Beast Tamer with a telepathy talent. When the seven pets, including the Beast Tamer, fought with all their members, it was a draw with a totem-level life form. Compared to titles like the Dragon King and the world legend, it wasn’t difficult to obtain them in terms of requirements, but the difficulty was that the battle power of a Beast Tamer with a telepathy talent was inferior to challengers with other titles.

“Forget it.” President Lin thought for a moment and still applied for Lu Qingyi. The number of applications every year from every country’s association was limited. After all, he was letting the totem guardian of the Alliance be the examiner. However, no one else from Dong Huang wanted to take the assessment anyway. It was fine to keep the opportunity, but it was the same to use it.

“I wonder when Shi Yu can become a Legendary Don’t delay his cultivation because of love”

President Lin, who had wanted Shi Yu to have a child quickly, jumped up again.

Because he had received news not long ago that Shen Feng had a new legendary Beast Tamer.

The World Tournament was held a total of four times. In the first year, Lin Feng of Dong Huang was the champion. In the second year, the Beast Tamer of Snowfield was the champion. In the year more than 20 years ago, the Shen Feng Beast Tamer was the champion. The champion of every World Tournament actually had Legendary potential, but unfortunately, apart from Lin Feng, the next two championships weren’t very awesome and exciting.

The world legend of Snowfield was directly assassinated and died by the totem faction not long after the World Tournament.

The world legend of Shen Feng was a biological modification-type Mechanic, but because of an experiment failure, a few contracted pets died, preventing him from advancing as quickly as Lin Feng. There had been no news for a long time. Who knew that recently, there was news from Shen Feng that this world legend had also become a Legendary Mechanic?

One country, two Legendarys, and one demigod!

Shen Feng vaguely showed signs of becoming the number one country.

This made President Lin extremely envious. He only hoped that Shi Yu could be faster. Otherwise, Shen Feng would probably snatch more right to speak in the next Blue Planet Alliance.