Chapter 1049 - 1049 The Examiner Is Always The One Who’S Injured (2)

1049 The Examiner Is Always the One Who’s Injured (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

What made the Forest King’s balls hurt was that the other party seemed to have condensed a new big move.

Nine blue energy balls circled around this jelly-like Water Slime.

The Forest King sensed shocking ocean fluctuations in every energy ball.

Every energy ball seemed to contain the full power of an overlord-level life form.

This shocked the Forest King to suspect that this Water Slime was also a totem life form like him. Otherwise, it was impossible for it to squander energy like this.

No, even if it was at the totem level, it was too much. Was there a need to work so hard?

“Ribbit!! (Don’t go too far.)” The skin on the Forest King’s entire body vibrated, and a shocking sound wave came from his skin. At the same time, the sound wave was filled with green matter.

As a wood-element life form, using poison was also the Forest King’s forte.

It immediately mixed toxins into its super sound wave skill, trying to affect the other party’s elementalization and ocean environment to restrict the other party.

However, the Forest King’s current actions were undoubtedly a minefield.

Seeing that the Forest King had released green toxins from god knows where, the pupils of the clean freak Susu suddenly constricted, and it was even more angry.

“Ning!! (Origin wave!!)”

The nine blue energy balls floated in front of Susu. It naturally didn’t care about the consumption of energy. With the Blue Sea Contract, it had endless energy.

Therefore, it directly used the origin wave with the greatest power.

This skill was fused with super skills such as the Holy Water Ring, Wave Cannon, and Clone.

Not only could it slow down the abnormal damage that affected its nature, but it could also use the enemy’s negative power to increase its wave power. At the same time, the wave power between each wave ball could also increase and strengthen each other!

It could be said to be a rather domineering move.

The Origin wave and the Star Sea Body fused from the upgrade of the starry sky power were the greatest gains from Susu’s Skill fusion during this period of time!

The former gave it powerful attack methods, while the latter almost turned it into a cosmic life form, one step closer to the Star Sea Sprite.

Boom!!!

Then, under the stunned expression of the Forest King, his poisonous sound wave hit a few water balls, but although these water balls vibrated extremely violently, they didn’t break!

Instead, its strength seemed to be slowly increasing. This scene directly made the Forest King panic.

The water balls were like vibrating hot kettles, extremely dangerous!

“Not good,” it shouted. Right on the heels of that, all the energy balls shot out white and blue wave pillars that swept towards the Forest King.

Under the wave pillar of light, the flowing power of the ocean seemed to have become a help. In an instant, the Forest King felt the pressure of the ocean currents from all directions!!

At this moment, at the bottom of the sea, one was a totem-level life form that had fallen into an away battle, and the other was an invincible overlord with battle power comparable to a totem-level. When the two parties fought, in a short moment, they had already turned the bottom of the sea upside down.

The Alliance battleship was slowly driving towards the Battle Island, while the Fire God, Jones, was basking in the sun and enjoying the sea breeze on the splinted chair. Everything was calm

However, at this moment, with a boom, the entire battleship shook violently, almost throwing the Fire God Jones off the chair.

“Damn it, what’s going on!!” The ship shook violently, and countless water splashes flew up from the sea, immediately making the Fire God Jones suddenly open his eyes.

“Lord Fire God, the current in the depths of the sea has undergone a violent change. The energy of the entire sea area has directly transitioned from a stable state to a level-8 Berserking state.” A subordinate in a battleship suit immediately came to report.

“What the hell!” The Fire God, Jones, was stunned. “Did that guy, the Forest King, mess around again? He just ate a small fish and shrimp and caused such a big commotion. Damn it.”

“It’s possible!” The middle-aged man in the yellow battleship suit said, “If this continues, we can’t sail normally. It might even cause a tsunami. I’ll call Lord Forest King back through the machine.”

“Hurry, hurry, hurry.” The Fire God Jones had an incomparable headache. They were about to approach the Dong Huang Sea Region. This Forest King better not cause trouble. He didn’t want to get into trouble because of the problem of eating above.

Soon, on the battleship, a Mechanic called the Forest King in the depths of the sea through the special communication signal brought by the battleship. The Fire God, Jones, came to the edge of the battleship and looked at the violently shaking sea with a frown.

In the next moment, his expression froze.

In the battleship, everyone also looked over in shock.

A huge vortex formed, and an extremely terrifying pressure gradually came from the deep sea.

The sky suddenly changed. With a boom, two huge waterspouts rose out of thin air and connected to the sky from the deep sea. Moreover, an incomparably miserable croak came from them.

“Jones, save me!!! A Slime wants to kill me!!”

Right on the heels of that, under everyone’s stunned expressions, the waterspout dissipated from the inside. A huge frog covered in frostbite and its body smashed apart floated in midair with a frightened expression.

At this moment, it had already lost one of its four legs and was frozen in the collapsing water.

As for the other waterspout, after it collapsed, it was a Water Slime. At this moment, it was looking at the huge frog unkindly.

“Ning!” Susu didn’t expect this guy to be so timid. It didn’t fight it at the bottom of the sea no matter what and wanted to run up no matter what. In that case, as it wished, even on the sea surface, it was still its home ground