Chapter 1042 - 1042 Shi Yu Creates The World (2)

1042 Shi Yu Creates the World (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Lu Qingyi said, “You said it. Then I won’t hold back.”

“Yi!! (Don’t stand on ceremony! It’s just a little abandoned.)” Baby Ginseng nodded.

It was like this every day. If it weren’t for the Legendary ruins, Ping Cheng probably wouldn’t have lasted more than a few days.

Now, Baby Ginseng was strong and absorbing money.

< Name > Baby Ginseng

[Race Skill]:

“Advanced”: Time Fruit (Dao Proficiency)

“Super”: Time Mark (Perfect+), Moon Explosion (Perfect+), Life Fire Seed (Perfect+), World Tree Fruit (Perfect+), Green Wood Divine Body (Perfect+), Sun Forest (Perfect+), Plant Control (Perfect+36)

“Quasi Divine”: World Favor (Initiate)

In those two months of bitter cultivation, Baby Ginseng’s skills had almost been fused by Shi Yu.

The Green Wood Divine Body that was fused with Skills such as Source of Life, Heart of the Earth, Slow Healing, High Speed Healing, Multiplication, Mutation, and Deterrence. If the power of faith of the Green Dragon was excluded, its recovery ability far exceeded the Green Dragon Indestructible Body. It was also because of this physique that it was even more tempting now.

At the same time, this physique was extremely close to the natural power of earth plants and plants, and it had the effect of adapting to mutations. It could be seen as a super evolution skill, but now that it was already a Mythical Race, it was definitely even more harsh on evolution resources.

After plant control fused with sweet aura, nutritional supplements, energy fruits, lushness, and other skills, it also officially turned into a racial skill. At the moment, apart from superalloy and soul incarnation, it was a super skill with third proficiency in Shi Yu’s team.

The Sun Forest was a domain skill. The fusion of the Energy Storage Beam, Clear Sky, Four Symbols Star Formation, Clone, and other Skills allowed Baby Ginseng to create the Sun Tree Forest that controlled the power of the sun. This forest could be seen as a Sunlight Domain. It could be used in battle, assisted in Moon Explosion, and could also be used as a cultivation holy land.

Baby Ginseng used all its might to create a Sun Forest. Relying on natural sunlight, as long as it was used in moderation, it was not a problem to form an almost eternal cultivation holy land. Even if monarch-level fire-element and light-element pets lived in it, there would be huge benefits.

In addition, although the small Skills had fused, they didn’t completely disappear. Baby Ginseng still retained their usage EXP. Under the strengthening of the world, top-notch nutritional fruits and vegetables appeared on the dining table. There was also the most precious World Tree Fruit. This was the main thing.

“I’m starting!”

“Roar!!!”

….

After Senior Lu temporarily stayed with Shi Yu, Shi Yu began to help Senior Lu develop mental resonance and also let her pet participate in Eleven and the others’ special training.

This participation made Senior Lu’s pets wish they were dead.

eaglesnov1,o

Even the divine trial in the World Tournament wasn’t that cruel!

Of course, the time he spent with Senior Lu was only a small number after all. Most of the time, Shi Yu was still cultivating alone.

Back then, Shi Yu was either meditating to recover his Restoration state or trying to modify his Beast Taming Space.

Now, Shi Yu’s first Beast Taming Space had almost been modified by him.

On one hand, it relied on the resources of the outside world, and on the other hand, it relied on the power of the pet to modify it.

At that moment, his first Beast Taming Space was divided into six areas.

Eleven was in the Thunder Sea Bamboo Forest where the thunderstorm and the bamboo forest coexisted.

The cosmic meteorite group with rich cosmic power where Buggy was could live on asteroids.

The Forest of Life that Baby Ginseng was in contained more than a thousand plants.

The Sun Sword Domain Chi Tong was in. This place was born in the Sun Forest, but the trees had been cut into the shape of swords by Chi Tong.

In the Sea of Purification where Susu was, as well as the Sky City where Ling was, there were six pets and six areas. Under normal circumstances, they couldn’t interfere with each other.

As for Little Purple, it was a baby that had yet to be weaned. It just had to be led by Ling obediently.

Here, although they couldn’t let Eleven and the others undergo too exaggerated special training, because of the Blessing of the World Tree, resting in the Beast Taming Space was actually far better than special training in the Legendary Ruins.

Among them, the materials to modify the Beast Taming Space were naturally applied from Dong Huang. Shi Yu applied for a pile of rare materials that were expensive. Apart from that, he applied for more.

For example, Dong Huang, including the Green Dragon, White Tiger, Vermillion Bird, and Black Tortoise faith items of the surrounding countries, was also getting someone to help collect them and store them in the Ancient Capital Museum first.

These things were all equipment that could increase the strength of Enhancing Buggy. When necessary, they could be taken out as life-saving equipment. They had to be controlled.

Of course, Shi Yu felt that this alone was not enough. After all, a hard battle might consume many faith items. Apart from Dong Huang and Dragon Palace City helping him promote the power of faith, Shi Yu felt that he had to think of a way.

Therefore, Shi Yu also obtained a large number of resources and began to nurture Little Purple.

He finally started to nurture Little Purple.

For the past few days, the seaweed rice ball Susu mentioned had been lying in Shi Yu’s hand every day.

The resources it used were relatively Normal.

Earth-element energy crystal, wood-element energy crystal, water-element energy crystal

Previously, Little Zi only ate spatial crystals.

After eating it, it only cared about expanding the size and strength of the inner world.

Now, the area of its inner world at the commander rank had almost reached 100,000 square kilometers, far larger than the spatial pocket of the overlord-level Buggy, Susu’s Infinite Devour Space, and Ling’s mechanical space.