Chapter 1041 - 1041 Shi Yu Creates The World (1)

1041 Shi Yu Creates the World (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

When Senior Lu arrived, Shi Yu received her warmly. He directly got Baby Ginseng and Ling to prepare a big meal and the banquet started.

As for why there was also Ling, as a mechanical pet, since even a difficult form like a mecha could change, then the form of the electric rice pot and the form of the microwave would definitely be out of the question.

The all-purpose mechanical pet.

“Wuu!”

At the same time, Eleven, Buggy, Chi Tong, Susu, Qi, Little Purple, and the others were also called out by Shi Yu.

On Senior Lu’s side, the Green Phoenix, the Empress Flower, the Courtyard Sprite, the Mermaid Princess, and the Hurricane Demon were also summoned.

This wasn’t the first time the dozen or so pets had met. They reunited after a long time and immediately started a social event.

“Lord Green Dragon”

Senior Lu’s mermaid princess also had a dragon-element bloodline. In addition, she had seen the world competition and worshiped Buggy very much. As soon as she came out, she looked up at Buggy sleeping on the tree, but Buggy ignored her.

“Wu (There’s everything in dreams.)” Buggy said.

Although the mermaid princess was very beautiful, it was not interested in dragons. If this mermaid princess came to chat with it, it was better to find Shi Yu. Shi Yu definitely liked her. After all, according to what Buggy knew, humanoid creatures grew in Shi Yu’s aesthetic taste.

“Are you Qi?” Senior Lu’s Courtyard Sprite saw that the Qi it had seen in Courtyard previously had become as tall as a big coke bottle and had a blank expression.

At this moment, Qi was floating in the air with the help of the wind element. She still looked the same. Her loose pink ponytail hung on her shoulder, and a strand of hair stood up. She was wearing a silver-white battle suit with black patterns, a pleated short skirt, and a small white cloak on her back. This was not a problem. The problem was that it was too small and had shrunk a lot compared to before.

“Multiplication?” the Courtyard Sprite asked. Shi Yu’s pets indeed seemed to like multiplication and shrinking! After all, maintaining his main body’s normal state consumed too much energy.

However, what was the point of multiplying the elves? Even if the elves maintained their normal state, the consumption was not high.

“I’m Qi not multiplication But it’s also related to Skills” Qi didn’t know how to explain and sighed.” In short, I’ve become smaller, and I can’t recover anymore. ”

The Courtyard Sprite was at a loss. Then, it looked at Shi Yu, who was chatting with Lu Qingyi, and suspected that there was a problem with Shi Yu’s cultivation method.

“It’s not because Shi Yu isn’t. It’s because of myself,” Qi hurriedly explained. She waved her little hand around, afraid that Shi Yu would be misunderstood as having some strange hobby.

Ahhh, Space-time Travel!!

It made its Arms have to be customized again, like some fruit knife-sized Heavenly Thunder Blade

“ROAR!”

On the other side, the Wind Demon Lion ran to Eleven to ask how the Leader could go from barely defeating itself to defeating a god so quickly. Big boss, take me along.

The Green Phoenix ran to Chi Tong in the form of a bird spirit. As a member of the Phoenix Race, they had a deep sisterly relationship and threw Susu aside.

The empress flower stood on the spot arrogantly, her gaze landing on the cooking ginseng baby. It was difficult to imagine that this was the towering emperor who galloped through the world competition.

The Hurricane Demon, on the other hand, sized up Little Purple flying in the sky curiously. It had never seen such a pet and asked Susu what it was.

“Ning! (Sea Vegetable Rice Ball)” Susu replied.

Little Zi: Mimi?

Most of Shi Yu’s pets knew Senior Lu’s pets, but Little Zi, who had joined the team after the World Tournament, had indeed never interacted much with Lu Qingyi’s pets.

In fact, Lu Qingyi felt that Little Ji and Duckie were the most normal in Shi Yu’s team.

“Them? One is sleeping and leveling up in the mechanical room, and the other is refining the Abyss Seed in the Sea Cleansing. They’re both in a life-and-death state, so they’re not called,” Shi Yu said. “But Senior, haven’t you contracted your seventh pet?”

Lu Qingyi said, “I’ve been busy cultivating the first team recently. The seventh one is still being considered between the Iron-eating Beast and the mechanical phantom beast”

“Then we’ll decide after a while,” Shi Yu said. “Yun An has already appeared. Be it defeating Yun An or finding a new divine-level fossil, there are better choices.”

Shi Yu suddenly remembered that he still had a single-horned demon’s divine stone. Lord Lie Shan had given it to him, but he didn’t know when it could wake up.

Seriously, if he woke up now, he could at least rely on the Mythical Race to give him some Stats. It wasn’t a loss to contract it. If he didn’t wake up soon, he would wake up in seven years. What was the use of it? At that time, he definitely wouldn’t lack this bit of feedback.

Buzz!!

As the two of them chatted, suddenly, the sound of laws spread. A tempting fragrance suddenly attracted the attention of all the pets. Even Lu Qingyi, who was beside Shi Yu, was slightly stunned. Her snow-white neck trembled slightly as she turned around and looked at the wooden table.

A ginseng baby was setting up a plate with vines summoned from god knows where.

“Yi!!! (Dang dang dang dang!!!)”

On the wooden table, fruits and vegetables of various sizes were taken out by Baby Ginseng. They were extremely tempting.

Gulp.

Senior Lu’s stomach growled unconsciously. Shi Yu looked over and instantly made her blush.

“Has Baby Ginseng evolved again?”

“Well, after the World Tournament ended, Baby Ginseng completed its evolution with the blessings of the World Tree. It’s also a Mythical Race now. The nutrients it creates now are basically equal to top-notch level-eight resources. Senior, you’re in for a treat in the next half a month,” Shi Yu said with a smile.