Chapter 1046 - 1046 Earth And Ocean Overlord (2)

1046 Earth and Ocean Overlord (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

After Shi Yu and the others’ torment, the battle power of the second team’s Little Ji and Duckie was considered to have taken shape.

Of course, that was for ordinary battles.

At the moment, Duckie and Little Ji’s strength was basically at the threshold of a top-notch overlord, similar to the Green Scaled Dragon Shi Yu and the others were fighting.

This couldn’t be helped. After all, their super Skill proficiency had yet to increase much. They were even inferior to Normal overlords like the gem cat previously. They didn’t even have perfect proficiency.

To have the strength of a top-notch overlord, it relied on using divine-level evolution resources. It relied on other aspects such as physique, energy, life, and Resistance to be relatively good.

It was considered an overlord with shortcomings.

However, the future was promising.

When Shi Yu had extra energy and began to add points to them, he believed that they would quickly have stronger strength and even compete in the battle of the first team to participate in the battle between gods.

“Shi Yu, are you there?”

At the stairs, Lu Qingyi walked upstairs. After approaching Shi Yu’s room, she called out to Shi Yu.

“President Lin just came to inform me to go to the ‘Battle Island’ tomorrow.”

“It should be the examiner of the Alliance.”

“We’re finally here. Battle Island? I’ll go with you too,” Shi Yu said.

He wanted to go to another place on the way.

Space-time Dragon Vein.

He had almost recovered. It was time to start a new round of bitter cultivation. Shi Yu didn’t plan to cultivate bitterly at Dong Huang. Instead, he planned to cultivate in the valleys around the Space-time Dragon Vein.

Over there, Qi could also use the power of the Space-time Dragon Vein to quickly recover the power of Space-time Travel. This was the main point.

“Alright, I wonder who the examiner sent by the Alliance is this time” Lu Qingyi was rather nervous.

After all, Ye Xing had failed to challenge titled battle pet warriors twice in a row

Although her strength had improved greatly with Shi Yu’s help in the past half a month, she still didn’t have much confidence. After all, her opponent was at the totem level.

“Relax, I’ll prepare,” Shi Yu immediately said with a smile.

He didn’t have much to prepare. He just wanted to inform his pets.

At the moment, a few pets were not beside Shi Yu. They had all run out to train alone.

For example, Buggy ran to the rural areas of various places where people believed in the four holy beasts to absorb the power of faith at a close distance. In addition, it would occasionally appear and give them some good weather.

Eleven and Susu also ran to the sea. Eleven dived into the deep sea to use the pressure of the deep sea bottom to train its sea battle ability, while Susu dived into the sea and absorbed the power of the sea to continue strengthening the Sea Cleansing Spirit.

Although it could mobilize the power of the ocean anywhere through the Blue Sea Contract, it was definitely the most efficient to mobilize it when it was in the ocean.

[Activate: Long-range call.]

Shi Yu was in Dong Huang and had a few pets beside him. His safety was guaranteed, so he let them go out to play in peace. In any case, he had top-notch telepathy. If there were any problems, he could communicate at any time.

Even if Buggy had already run to Divine Capital and was ridiculously far from him, Shi Yu could still contact it through the “online meeting”.

This was the power of a Beast Tamer with a high-level telepathy talent. His support ability was top-notch.

Of course, the reason why Shi Yu could be so fierce was also related to his strong mental strength and mastery of max-level Psychic power. The sensing range of other Beast Tamers of the same level wouldn’t be so exaggerated.

“I say, you guys, it’s time to come back.”

As Shi Yu finished speaking.

In Divine Capital, a little green worm lying on the green dragon stone statue raised its head and chirped.

It just so happened that it was hungry too.

Hu hu hu!!

Home!

“Ning. (Right away, right away.)” Somewhere in the ocean, Susu immediately replied.

Although they were both in the ocean, it wasn’t with Eleven. It was mainly because Eleven’s fighting movements at the bottom of the sea were too big. Even if it only used its body to fight, it was too disturbing.

“Eh.”

“Susu, where are you?”

“Near the Battle Island?”

In the positioning, Shi Yu suddenly realized that Susu seemed to be near the Battle Island. He couldn’t help but say, “Susu, stay there first. We’ll go over later.”

“Ning! (Alright ~ ~)” Susu.

….

Battle Island.

It was an artificial island. The specially built battle facility was one of the few artificial buildings that Dong Huang could withstand the highest battle fluctuations.

Here, it could at most withstand the battle fluctuations of top-notch totem-level creatures. Usually, it was a battle venue used by Beast Tamers of Dong Huang to challenge totem-level creatures.

Next, the place Shi Yu and Lu Qingyi were going to was also here. At this moment, in the sea area heading to the Battle Island, a middle-aged man with a Western face, white skin, and blue eyes was standing on a huge ship and looking ahead.

The titled legend of Shen Feng in the Seven Nation Alliance, Fire God Jones.

The headquarters of the Seven Nation Alliance was on the Alliance Island. The management members were jointly formed by the Beast Tamers of the seven countries. Most of the work was to deal with the affairs of the totem country, as well as the exploration of ruins mystic realms and resource extraction in some public areas. It was the official institution of the seven countries to the outside world.

Every country of the seven countries had at least one titled legend stationed on the Alliance Island. Large countries like Dong Huang, Shen Feng, and Xue Yuan even had two titled legends stationed here, and there were many Normal legends.