Chapter 1043 - 1043 Shi Yu Creates The World (3)

1043 Shi Yu Creates the World (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

However, although the space in Little Zi’s body was ridiculously large, because it had yet to be modified, it was still empty. There was nothing.

And Shi Yu’s so-called cultivation was naturally to start helping it “create the world in its body”.

There were only two ways to “create”.

First, Little Purple slowly modified its inner world through eating food and using the nutrition of the food.

Second, Allowing other lives to enter the inner world, introduced foreign species, and used their power to modify the inner world.

In fact, the second method was the fastest. If Shi Yu let Eleven and the others enter Little Purple’s body, it probably wouldn’t be long before he could create a normal world where mountains and rivers flowed and the sun and moon changed. However, Little Purple was too weak at the moment, and Eleven and the others’ levels were too high.

Just like how those top-notch gods couldn’t be on Blue Planet and high-level beasts couldn’t be in the low-level Beast Taming Space, the world space would collapse.

Therefore, at the moment, Little Zi could only build the basics of the inner world with the support of Shi Yu and the others.

Of course, this method was not slow either, because Shi Yu’s physical control talent could also be used on pets.

Therefore, not only was Little Purple creating the world itself, but Shi Yu was also supporting it together. This could allow Little Purple to achieve twice the result with half the effort.

With the experience of modifying the ruins mystic realm and the Beast Taming Space as the foundation, it was still easy for Shi Yu to help Little Zi build an ordinary world that didn’t contain the power of laws.

“Sun and Moon.”

In Shi Yu’s hand, the cat-eared white ball of the purple nebula seriously created the phantom of the sun and moon through the Sun Fruit and Moon Fruit created by the ginseng baby.

“Galaxy.”

The Radiant Moon and Radiant Sun were in a vast sea of stars. Little Zi didn’t refuse anyone. It wanted to eat meteorites and cosmic strange water.

“Earth.”

“Wood.”

“Jiang He.”

Through eating the energy crystals of various elements, the earth vein in Little Purple’s inner world also contained a huge amount of natural power. With Shi Yu’s help, soon, in just a few days, this 100,000 square kilometers small world looked thriving.

It was basically no different from the outside world.

However, Shi Yu understood that these were all fake. For example, the sun and moon hanging in the sky were all illusory items condensed from energy. For example, the seemingly vast starry sky was actually a background. It looked vast, but everything was actually locked in a small space.

As for these lands, plants, and rivers, they looked extremely prosperous at the moment, but they were also built on the condition that Little Purple constantly replenished the corresponding nutrition. Only then could they function normally and have extremely short lifespans.

Once the energy was exhausted and not replenished in time, the so-called planetary resources would dry up, and the lifespan of the world would reach the end.

Compared to those real planetary life forms with lifespans of billions of years and could even rely on the stable laws formed by the internal world to delay life, Little Zi still had a long way to go.

However, this was too far away, and Shi Yu and the others couldn’t come into contact with it for the time being. The current level was more or less enough.

The reason why he wanted to help Little Zi build the basic world now was also for more power of faith.

Shi Yu planned to create a “divine kingdom world”.

Let the lives here mainly cultivate the “power of faith”.

Every life form could awaken “totems” in their minds after their mental strength took shape.

Visualizing and believing in totems could subtly change one’s strength and obtain transcendent power.

There were strong and weak totems, but it mainly depended on whether they were compatible with him.

With Shi Yu’s current strength, it was naturally not difficult to replicate this system. Totem visualization was one of the cultivation systems in this world that Shi Yu had already confirmed. The goal was to increase the strength of Enhancement Buggy and the others.

Although the life forms that could be contained in Little Zi’s body were far inferior to Blue Planet and Dong Huang in terms of strength and numbers, building a divine kingdom with Little Zi was really the only choice.

After all, as a normal human country, Dong Huang wouldn’t let ordinary people, Beast Tamers, and transcendent lives mainly cultivate the power of faith on a large scale. It wouldn’t let divine power override the law, so Shi Yu naturally couldn’t do anything.

And if he went to the totem country to steal the country, he would have to face the risk of the joint condemnation of the various totem countries. Most importantly, it was too troublesome and Difficult to change the faith of the totem country. It was not something that could be done overnight.

On the contrary, Little Zi’s inner world could be used by Shi Yu.

The greatest characteristic of Little Purple’s inner world was that it could accelerate the flow of time in the world by eating time-element resources.

As long as there were enough resources, it might have only been a year on Blue Planet, but a hundred years had passed in the world in its body. The power of faith that could be accumulated for Shi Yu in a hundred years was far inferior to a year in the outside world.

This was the speciality of it as a Son of the Stars and a planetary life form!

When Little Purple’s skill proficiency was high enough, when the world gave birth to a complete time law, Little Purple could also adjust the time flow in its inner world without the help of external resources.