Chapter 1059 - 1059 Attacking Demigod-Level Battle Power (4)

1059 Attacking demigod-level Battle Power (4)

“Roar?” “Quack?” Little Ji and Duckie were also at a loss. What was it?

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Wu wu wu! (Good thing!!)” Eleven and the others said in unison.

The only way to become stronger was to increase points!

….

Then, Qi’s miserable cry came from the Space and Time Island. Even if her Resistance was strengthened by the nine-colored divine light and she added points to teaching, it still made Qi cry.

However, after crying, she felt that although she clearly didn’t come into contact with the Space-time Dragon Vein, the spatial power in her body was one step closer to recovery. Qi’s big eyes were filled with confusion.

Her tears were filled with curiosity.

That day, Little Ji and Duckie also took turns to receive the baptism of points. However, Shi Yu first added low-level Skills to them.

“Roar??”

“Quack??”

After that, Little Ji and Duckie were also extremely shocked.

They had tried to train their skills hard, tried to use the memory water drop inheritance skill, and also tried to practice their skills under the enhancement of the comprehension of the World Tree Fruit. The increase in speed of various methods was still fresh in their minds.

However, the Skill proficiency increased in a second. It was comparable to the efficiency of long hard training, but it still directly shattered Little Ji and Duckie’s values.

It didn’t take much time.

Buggy flew in the sky. Eleven, Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong, Susu, and Ling sat on Buggy and looked at Little Ji and the others, shouting the best words in the team.

“Roar!! (Beast Tamer, increase points, increase points!!)” Little Ji begged eagerly, as if it had seen a shortcut to crush the duck.

“Quack!! Quack!! (I can bear hardship, I can bear that kind of painful additional points. I’ll do it!)” The duck was also excited. It was relatively smart and knew that the greater the effort, the greater the gains. Seeing that Qi had been so painfully added points just now, it immediately felt that Qi’s additional points would definitely have more gains. It also wanted this!

“Wu…” At this moment, Qi was still holding her head and wiping her tears, but she had also recovered from her confusion.” I also want to… ”

“Mi…” Little Zi was at the side. Although it didn’t know what Little Ji, Little Duck, and Little Qi wanted, this curious Starry Sky Cat also blinked and looked at Shi Yu.

But soon, it was pulled over by Ling.

“You don’t want to. Your willpower is extremely low, even worse than Qi. Moreover, your Skills are all super. You’ll directly die after adding points once. It’s fine if you die, but what about the world in your body?”

“Mimi??” Little Zi was shocked and suspected that Ling was bullying a child.

With Little Ji and Duckie’s current potential, if they added points to the extreme, their strength would also be very extraordinary. Although they weren’t stronger than the first team, it was definitely not a problem to surpass the invincible overlords of the World Tournament.

“In that case, let’s begin the special training.”

Shi Yu revealed a determined expression.

The wind was whistling, and the water was cold. His stamina was gone, and he couldn’t return it.

“Wuuu!!” “Roar!!” “Yiya!!” “Mi!!” “Ning!!”

This was a celebration to become stronger.

It was also the time when Shi Yu was the most determined to survive until Blue Planet was invincible before coming out of seclusion.

“Wait, I almost forgot. Before training, let’s carry out the team meeting first!”

….

This time, Shi Yu’s determination could not be said to be small.

In the blink of an eye, half a year passed.

In half a year, although Shi Yu was paying attention to Dong Huang’s movements at all times, he resisted all the temptation and focused on adding points, meditating, and cultivating.

On Dong Huang’s side, talents appeared in large numbers in half a year.

Through the title challenge, Lu Qingyi shocked the country. Dr. Lu, who could fight with looks, instantly became a battle goddess pursued by the country.

After all, apart from Shi Yu, she was the youngest among the ten titled experts of Dong Huang.

Three months later, Ye Xing also made Dong Huang boil again through the title challenge. He had also obtained battle power to fight against Normal totems at the level of a level-seven Beast Tamer. This was very rare in the first few decades.

It had to be said that this batch of young people from Dong Huang was very lucky to have caught the first bus of Mythical Revival. Be it before or after the world competition, they had been nurtured by Dong Huang with all its resources.

However, all of this temporarily had little to do with Shi Yu. He had always been immersed in his bitter cultivation.

In terms of the level of the first Beast Taming Space, Shi Yu didn’t gain much. It was still level seven. However, he was about to reach level eight. There was hope of reaching level eight in half a year.

It was mainly because he had first spent his time on the cultivation of the second Beast Taming Space. In the past half a year, the second Beast Taming Space had successfully been cultivated to level seven by Shi Yu and achieved an achievement that was in sync with the level of the first Beast Taming Space. Qi had also been contracted under the second Beast Taming Space.

The reason why he cultivated the second Beast Taming Space first was also to upgrade his physical control talent. This way, it would be easier to do anything.

Of course, Shi Yu did not delay the first Beast Taming Space. He had developed his Beast Taming Talent. With Senior Lu’s experience, he had also developed the Psychic Resonance skill. However, because his pets were especially silly, Shi Yu was not used to using them.

Using it was the most compatible with Chi Tong. After all, it liked swords, and so did Shi Yu.

Shi Yu’s cultivation progress was improved during the break time for adding points, so there was no doubt that his gains from adding points were the greatest in half a year.