Chapter 1054 - 1054 Telepathy Talent, All Monsters (3)

1054 Telepathy Talent, All Monsters (3)

Peak overlord level! This was Shi Yu’s next stage of adding points.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Six pets, dozens of super skills, 40 super skill points per super skill, more than a thousand super skill points… If it were in the past, it would take years to add them all.

But now, Shi Yu felt that it shouldn’t be long. After all, his current physique was already extraordinary. Moreover, the support points of every pet had also improved greatly.

For example, Chi Tong could strengthen Shi Yu’s energy through possession. Baby Ginseng was a divine healer, Susu could reduce the burden of adding points through the Sea Cleansing Spirit, and Ling… It wasn’t a matter of fusion. Now, Ling was the strongest support in the team.

Because it had learned the nine-colored divine light.

This support skill that was so strong that it could even strengthen Resistance… In the end, only Ling met the teaching conditions.

Shi Yu originally thought that Baby Ginseng and Eleven, as light-element pets, could almost learn it. However, he was still naive. As the prototype of a divine skill, it had extremely high requirements for the body structure of the pet.

In a situation where the entire team didn’t meet the teaching conditions, it was still Ling who used its top-notch intelligence to spend a month modifying its light Stats and modifying its body structure with the Gem Cat’s Gem Eye. Only then did it barely meet the teaching conditions and become the only pet in the team to learn the nine-colored divine light.

Through this matter, Shi Yu also realized how extraordinary Teacher Cat was. At the start, as an ordinary transcendent race, to be able to mutate and grow to the totem level… Although there was an inheritance crystal, it didn’t take long for it to perfectly control the nine-colored divine light so easily. This talent was completely unique.

If it weren’t for the fact that Teacher Cat’s will was too weak, Shi Yu would really suspect that it was the reincarnation of a big boss. Even the gem cat suspected that it had been asking Shi Yu to give it a Reincarnation Fruit to try.

In the early days, because the gem cat’s will was too weak, Shi Yu was afraid that it would go berserk after eating the fruit, so he didn’t give it to it. However, after the special training, Shi Yu felt that he could give Teacher Cat a try.

After all, Teacher Cat might not necessarily be able to defeat them now, let alone after the special training.

“Add more points!”

In order to increase the efficiency of adding points, Shi Yu first added Ling’s nine-colored divine light, Susu’s Sea Cleansing Spirit, and other skills.

….

In the blink of an eye, another few days passed. The Forest King finally recovered and nervously planned to give Lu Qingyi the title assessment.

At the super Duel venue of the Battle Island.

The Fire God of the Alliance, Jones, the Forest King Frog, and some record personnel, the Heavenly King of Dong Huang, Du Ruo, and the candidate, Lu Qingyi, were already present.

Shi Yu didn’t show his face. He sat quietly on the high wall and looked at the situation inside.

He had fought the Forest King because of Susu, so he had some understanding of the Forest King’s strength.

This Forest King should be a lucky person who accidentally broke through to the totem level with resources. In terms of super Skill proficiency, it was still far from transcendent. It wasn’t considered a strong expert among totems, even weaker than that Green Dragon Prince.

In fact, it was even worse than the gem cat before it accepted the nine-colored divine light.

Even the mutated Leviathan that belonged to the legend of the Tyrannical Sea could try farming it alone.

It should be that Beast Tamers who knew that their telepathy talent was relatively weak, so the examiners sent by the Alliance weren’t very strong.

However, totems were totems after all. Senior Lu’s side was still not too stable.

After all, she was only a level-seven Beast Tamer. She had only contracted six pets, and although these six had all reached the overlord level, their growth speed was not high.

Most of the people who challenged titled battle pets were basically level-eight Beast Tamers with eight full pets. Ye Xing didn’t succeed in the two challenges because he suffered a loss due to his low level. As long as he reached level-eight, he definitely wouldn’t have a problem.

However… it wasn’t like there was no chance at all.

Senior Lu definitely couldn’t fight a protracted battle for a day and night. Her confidence in this challenge all came from mental resonance, and this high consumption state was also an explosive skill. It would be gone after one use.

Therefore, whether she could insta-kill or heavily injure her opponent and greatly reduce her opponent’s battle power determined whether she could pass this assessment.

“As long as it’s not that Shi Yu.”

At this moment, the Forest King completely believed it. The Beast Tamer who challenged the title of telepathy wasn’t the legendary Shi Yu.

It was a little girl with a straight face.

Great!!

Croak!

The Forest King had a happy expression.

“Come on, little girl, I’m your examiner, Lord Forest King!!”

The Forest King’s huge body stood in the arena and looked at Lu Qingyi opposite him.

Today, Senior Lu was wearing a blue, white, and black cheongsam. Her long golden-brown hair was swept up by a white and gold hairpin. Her aura was transcendent and high and mighty.

“Qingyi sure knows how to dress up today.” Heavenly King Du Ruo chuckled.

“Heavenly King Du, this is Dong Huang’s third title challenge this year, right?”

The Fire God, Jones, had been wrangling with Dong Huang for the past two days. Now, he was finally going to carry out the title assessment and carry out normal work.

“Yes.” Du Ruo nodded and said, “The first two times were Ye Xing, and the examiner was the Knight King of Rongguang.”

“I can still understand Ye Xing, but this Dr. Lu…” The Fire God Jones said,” She shouldn’t have advanced to the legend level long ago, right? It was not long before the world competition. ”

For the Dong Huang assessment, the information work of the Fire God, Jones, naturally had to be comprehensive.

Ye Xing was first in the contestant sequence of the Dong Huang World Tournament. Although his limelight was snatched away by Shi Yu later, it was undeniable that as the grandson of the three generals, his potential, talent, and strength… Even so, Ye Xing couldn’t pass the assessment…