Chapter 1053 - 1053 Telepathy Talents Are Monsters (2)

1053 Telepathy Talents Are Monsters (2)

“At that time, legend Shi Yu wasn’t nearby, so I wanted to ask you to contact legend Shi Yu.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Ribbit. Ribbit.” The Forest King cried. What a sin. It would die on this stomach sooner or later.

That Shi Yu was not to be trifled with at a glance. He had already killed two totems!

Heavenly King Du Ruo’s expression was complicated, and her expression kept changing. What was going on? That Shi Yu…

Du Ruo was naturally not unfamiliar with Shi Yu. As the core higher-ups of Dong Huang, she had long heard of Shi Yu when he first revealed his sharpness.

And now, Shi Yu had become the genius with the greatest potential in Dong Huang. Unfortunately, she had never seen Shi Yu because of her guarding work.

She glanced at the miserable state of the Forest King and was stunned. It was really impressive. As expected of the Blue Sea Sprite, it heavily injured a totem without a Beast Tamer beside it.

“This is a very serious problem.” Heavenly King Du Ruo looked at the Forest King unkindly and said, “We’ll contact legend Shi Yu.”

“Sigh.” The Forest King and the others sighed.

After settling the examiner team from the Alliance, Heavenly King Du Ruo contacted Shi Yu for the first time.

The handling of this matter still depended on Shi Yu.

However, to Du Ruo’s surprise, she received news from Shi Yu that he was heading to the Battle Island with Lu Qingyi and asked Heavenly King Du Ruo to wait a moment!

“With Qingyi?” Heavenly King Du was stunned.

…

Shi Yu and Lu Qingyi also arrived at the Battle Island not long after. Heavenly King Du Ruo also personally came to welcome them.

“Aunt Du.” Lu Qingyi clearly knew Heavenly King Du Ruo. When she saw him, she greeted him very warmly.

“Qingyi, there might be some problems with the assessment. We have to delay it.” Heavenly King Du Ruo smiled.

“Shi Yu has already told me.” Lu Qingyi smiled helplessly.

“Legend Shi Yu.” Heavenly King Du Ruo also looked at the big boy beside Lu Qingyi, this legendary genius.

“Aunt Du, you’re Senior Lu’s elder. Just call me Shi Yu,” Shi Yu said with a smile.

“Alright.” Heavenly King Du Ruo smiled and said, “I wonder how you plan to deal with this incident, Shi Yu.”

Shi Yu sighed and said, “Forget it, let Dong Huang deal with it. I’m not interested in this guy anymore. The meat looks fresh, but not delicious at all.”

Lu Qingyi said, “Well, it’s all thanks to the heavy materials of the ginseng baby.”

Shi Yu didn’t like the remaining pile at all. Although it was nutritious, the taste wasn’t good. He directly packed it up and got Buggy’s clone to send it to the gem cat.

It saved him the trouble of wasting food. After all, it was totem meat. The gem cat should be able to eat it!

Heavenly King Du Ruo: “?”

After arriving at the Battle Island, because the Forest King was heavily injured, Lu Qingyi’s title assessment naturally had to be delayed for a few days, waiting for the Forest King to recover.

This was just nice. Lu Qingyi didn’t have much confidence yet. Now, she had a few days of special training.

As for Shi Yu, because this was his first time coming to the Battle Island, he started to sightsee leisurely.

Battle Island was one of Dong Huang’s largest battle facilities. Many master-level Beast Tamers from the nine first-level cities and second-level cities gathered here to spar and increase their strength.

In fact, Legend-level Beast Tamers would occasionally fight here.

Shi Yu didn’t have any battle needs now, so he didn’t join in the fun. He only walked around and ate a few more seafood snacks to make up for the regret of eating the Forest King Leg previously.

Could it be that the Forest King was poisonous?

That shouldn’t be the case. Wasn’t the Black Ram also poisonous? After Susu purified it, it was still fragrant, and the taste immediately increased.

In the end, it might be because the Forest King was too lazy and pampered. It didn’t have the fresh meat of totems like the Black Ram that worked for the Yun Race.

…

While waiting for Senior Lu to challenge, Shi Yu began a new round of points on the Battle Island.

At the moment, the super Skills of the six pets in the team were all above perfect proficiency.

However, most pets’ super Skills had only just reached perfection. On this basis, they didn’t add many points.

Shi Yu’s final additional points plan was to add all the pets to the peak of the overlord level!

This peak didn’t mean the battle power of a peak overlord.

It meant that in terms of growth, every pet had reached the extreme of the overlord level.

As everyone knew, one of the ways for overlords to advance to the totem level was for super skills to reach transcendent proficiency.

And now, although Eleven, Chi Tong, and the others had totem-level battle power, it was obvious that they didn’t rely on normal methods.

Eleven was a quasi-divine skill that relied on quality to exceed super skills.

Buggy and Susu relied on faith skills, which was also not the same system as Normal super skills.

Therefore, they clearly had a lot of room for improvement in the normal system.

Next, Shi Yu wanted to fill this upgrade space.

Super Skills all added points to the extreme proficiency (Perfect+47).

This way, it was Eleven and the others’ true peak battle power at the overlord level.

At that time, without quasi-divine skills and faith skills, he could fight totems above his level with other super skills alone.

This was the trump card of the Tyrannical Sea legend.

In this state, it naturally led their battle power to a new peak. Shi Yu felt that at this stage, all of them should have demigod-level battle power.

This stage was where one could go anywhere on Blue Planet.

Of course, demigods weren’t stupid. They basically had a bunch of underlings. For example, the Dragon God had a bunch of totem dragon kings under her. In short, as long as Shi Yu didn’t encounter two demigods ganging up on him or a demigod bringing all his underlings to gang up on him, there was basically no need to worry.