Chapter 1057 - 1057 Attacking Demigod-Level Battle Power (2)

1057 Attacking demigod-level Battle Power (2)

Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong, Ling, Susu, and the others looked at the Duel Arena, even more nervous than fighting themselves.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

….

Half a day later.

In a study room surrounded by sandalwood in the headquarters of the Beast Tamer Association, the president of the Dong Huang Association, Lin Xiao, was quietly handling many international documents. In the quiet environment, an alarm-like mechanical life form suddenly lit up on the table.

Its screen was like a cell phone turning on, and a clown-like profile picture appeared. “President Lin, President Lin!!”

“What’s wrong?” President Lin stopped what he was doing and looked at the mechanical life form. The mechanical life form said, “The title challenge of the legend Beast Tamer, Lu Qingyi, has ended.”

“How was the battle?”

President Lin continued to deal with the documents and didn’t pay much attention.

Ye Xing’s previous two failures in the challenge had already made him calm. Lu Qingyi’s strength was inferior to Ye Xing, so he didn’t have much hope. He treated it as giving the young people a chance to train and test their strength.

“Congratulations! Legend Beast Tamer Lu Qingyi has successfully passed the assessment of the title of ‘surpasser’ and become the current tenth Titled Legend of Dong Huang!”

“Oh… Passed…”

Swoosh!!!

President Lin suddenly looked up with a look of disbelief and said, “What did you say?”

“Lu Qingyi successfully lasted a day and night under the guardian of the Alliance?”

How was this possible?

Lu Qingyi was only a new legend. In Dong Huang, dozens of old legends who had accumulated more EXP than her for many years couldn’t do it. A new legend did it?

At the moment, including Shi Yu, Dong Huang only had nine living legends who had passed the title challenge.

Although there were also some old antiques who didn’t like to show their faces and didn’t participate in the Alliance’s title challenge, there were very few such people after all. Without a doubt, no matter what method Lu Qingyi used to pass the title challenge, her strength was enough to rank in the top 20 of Dong Huang’s Beast Taming Domain.

“No, according to the information, Dr. Lu Qingyi defeated the Alliance’s guardian, the Forest King. When the Forest King lost its ability to fight, although Dr. Lu Qingyi herself was already unconscious, there was still a pet with consciousness. According to the rules, it was victory.”

“What?!” President Lin was shocked again. Defeated the Alliance’s guardian? What a joke. He said, “What exactly is going on?”

“In the battle, Dr. Lu Qingyi used a special Psychic skill twice. At the same time, her telepathy talent has also been converted into a special talent that can increase battle power. These two eruptions are the key to her victory.”

President Lin was completely at a loss. Soon, he recalled that Lu Qingyi had been undergoing special training with Shi Yu recently. Her telepathy had been converted into battle talent? Could it be…

At the same time, on the Battle Island, Shi Yu picked up the call.

“President Lin.”

“Shi Yu, Lu Qingyi passed the title challenge??”

“I heard that she’s unconscious now. How’s the situation?”

“I’m overdrawn, but it’s not a big deal. I’m already awake. I can recover in a while.”

President Lin said, “That’s good. What’s with Lu Qingyi’s mental talent? Did you do it?”

Shi Yu smiled and said, “No, Senior Lu successfully developed it with the Talent Bead herself. It’s called Psychic Resonance, and it’s not inferior to the Psychic Domain. However, in the past half a month, I’ve indeed been working hard to help Senior Lu increase her strength. President Lin, I happen to want to apply for something. Next, I plan to go abroad for a period of time. In a few months or a year, a new genius has already appeared. I’ve completed your mission.”

President Lin was slightly stunned.

Wait a minute…?

He had been wanted by Yun An for less than a month. Didn’t they agree not to go out anymore? Why was he going out again?

However, Lu Qingyi’s situation indeed concerned President Lin more at the moment.

Heart resonance?

A talent that could help Lu Qingyi, a new legend, defeat totems?

“Let her rest well. I’ll go over later too,” President Lin said.

….

After hanging up, Shi Yu entered the white ward again. At this moment, Senior Lu was still lying weakly.

Her physique was still too weak and not as strong as Shi Yu’s, causing Baby Ginseng to not dare to directly nourish her, afraid that her body wouldn’t be able to withstand it.

“Is it President Lin?” After Shi Yu entered, Senior Lu looked at Shi Yu, who was sitting on a chair.

“Yes, President Lin wants to come and take a look at you, a new titled legend. Congratulations, Dong Huang’s tenth titled legend.”

“Ah.” Lu Qingyi still had a headache. “If I had known earlier, I wouldn’t have needed a second mental resonance. This one of mine should be the weakest titled legend, right?”

Shi Yu smiled and said, “No, no. Senior, you haven’t contracted your seventh pet yet. After training for a while, it won’t be weak. Although the consumption of Psychic Resonance is high, the enhancement effect is comparable to the strengthening talent of a level-eight Beast Tamer. Believe in yourself.”

“By the way, this is for you.” Shi Yu took out a spatial jade.

“Huh? Spirit Accumulation Jade. That one I gave you?” Lu Qingyi looked at this. Wasn’t this the resource she gave Shi Yu to nurture the power of the Demon God?

“Yes, there are nutritional supplements created by the ginseng baby inside. I feel that you’ll need them in the future.”

Lu Qingyi smiled and said, “Thank you. It’s all thanks to you in the past half a month. Otherwise, forget about defeating the Forest King, it would have been difficult to even last a round against it.”

Lu Qingyi knew very well that it was all thanks to Shi Yu that her strength could double in the past half a month. The effect of the Psychic Resonance developed by the World Tree Fruit was several times stronger than before. Her pets had also cultivated new sure-kill skills with Shi Yu’s pets. If not for these, it would definitely not have become so strong.