Chapter 1056 - 1056 Attacking Demigod-Level Battle Power

1056 Attacking demigod-level Battle Power

“I can’t understand…”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

When Lu Qingyi attacked the Forest King again, Heavenly King Du Ruo found it difficult to understand.

It was really because Lu Qingyi’s state today had completely exceeded her understanding.

“I don’t understand.” Beside her, the Fire God Jones cursed.

“Forest King, what are you doing!”

His eyes were still wide open.

But at that moment, the Forest King felt that it was the most innocent one.

“It’s too much!!!”

Seeing that the opponent didn’t plan to stop attacking, the Forest King, who was pretending to be dead, immediately dragged its painful body and shouted loudly in a daze.

“How dare you underestimate me!”

This made the expression of the Fire God Jones better.

Fortunately, it didn’t insta-kill the Forest King.

He didn’t want to see another monster like Shi Yu who could instantly kill totems with a single pet.

But even so, the injured Forest King gave Jones a bad feeling.

Among Lu Qingyi’s six pets.

The Wind Demon Lion, the Green Phoenix Bird, the Hurricane Demon, and the Courtyard Sprite directly mobilized the power of nature collectively and created the Wind Domain, modifying the venue into a wind environment.

At the same time, the first three pets attacked the Forest King and blew a storm.

In the domain, the Courtyard Sprite possessed the weak Lu Qingyi and used the characteristics of the elves to let the Beast Tamer recover his physical strength through the power of nature. However, because of the possession, Lu Qingyi’s mental resonance with the empress flower was interrupted.

“Wu ~ ~ ~”

As for the mermaid princess, she was equivalent to half a healer. She used nourishing moves to help the empress flower recover its strength.

Although a round of eruptions consumed most of Lu Qingyi and the empress’s physical strength, they had clearly found some remedies for this situation.

Just as Shi Yu had judged, the next battle was the key.

Boom!!!

On the Forest King’s side, the substantialized green poisonous sound wave immediately swept towards the three pets like a tsunami!!

The storm swept up by the Wind Demon Lion, the Green Phoenix, and the Hurricane Demon was first obliterated by the sound wave. Then, the sound wave hit the three pets and sent them flying.

“Alright,” the Fire God Jones shouted.

This was more like it. The collision just now didn’t make sense at all. This time, it was much more scientific.

“Not good

, it’s poison.” Heavenly King Du Ruo frowned.

It looked like that wasn’t Qingyi’s normal strength just now. This was bad. This Forest King still had strength.

“Hu… Hu…” At this moment, the Forest King looked at this scene with lingering fears.

This time, it felt like a totem. Because it was nervous, it used all its strength in this attack. The Effect was clearly very good. It instantly killed three overlords in an explosive state!

“Roar!!” “Jiu…” “Ling…” The three pets flew backward.

Green stripes appeared on the Wind Demon Lion, the Green Phoenix Bird, and the Hurricane Demon. Because it was mainly a poison-element attack, and the sound wave was slowed down by the combination storm, the Normal injuries on their bodies were not serious. It was just that if the toxin was not removed in time, their lives might be in danger.

Seeing that his opponent had already been poisoned, the Forest King had already recovered its emotions. It looked at Lu Qingyi and the others who were recovering.

“Haha, that attack just now was the eruption of overload, right? I see. Your normal strength is still at the overlord level. Now that the three of them have been poisoned, admit defeat. If you drag it out, it’ll be…”

As soon as the Forest King finished speaking, blue water rings appeared out of thin air on the Wind Demon Lion, the Green Phoenix, and the Hurricane Demon. The most important and serious toxins on their bodies quickly dissipated.

After adjusting their state, they immediately stabilized their bodies and locked onto the Forest King again.

This scene directly made the Forest King widen its eyes!!

“What are you talking about?” Lu Qingyi said.

“My Wind Demon Lion has the Evil Suppressing Lion bloodline, my Green Phoenix Bird has the Phoenix bloodline, and my Hurricane Demon is an elemental creature. They all have pretty good resistance to poison. Most importantly, my Mermaid Princess is a student of the Blue Sea Sprite.”

“Poison is just a small skill for them.”

“Wind Demon Lion, counterattack!”

“Croak!!!” At this moment, when he heard the words Blue Sea Sprite, the Forest King’s eyes widened, and his mentality collapsed again. He had clearly just regained his advantage, and his Warpath immediately decreased by 20%. His poison… was useless?

“This…” At this moment, when he heard Lu Qingyi say that his water-element pet was a student of the Blue Sea Sprite, the Fire God Jones was also stunned.

He had a bad feeling.

On the other hand, Heavenly King Du Ruo’s expression was extremely happy. What? In this way, they might be able to continue fighting?

The Forest King’s strongest method was a wood and poison dual-element sound wave attack. For enemies who weren’t good at detoxification, even top-notch totems would have a headache from being poisoned. However, for enemies who knew how to detoxify, even if it was at the overlord level, it would still give the Forest King a headache.

Obviously, the mermaid princess cultivated by Susu was the top cleansing expert among overlords.

“Ning.” On Shi Yu’s head, Susu was very smug. Fortunately, it had foresight. In the past half a month, it had mainly been supplementing the mermaid princess with cleansing abilities.

“Don’t be happy too early,” Shi Yu said. “Even if the effect of the poison is greatly reduced, the opponent is still a totem.”

“Master, you’re clearly smiling the most,” Ling couldn’t help but say.

“After all, it’s possible to witness the birth of a new titled legend in Dong Huang,” Shi Yu said. “Next, what Senior has to do is use all means to delay the Forest King. As long as she can catch her breath and activate a second telepathy…”

“It won’t end the battle by barely resisting the Forest King, but by General.”