Chapter 1051 - 1051 It’S Always The Examiner Who’S Injured (4)

1051 It’s Always the Examiner Who’s Injured (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Only the Fire God, Jones, and the others stood silently on the deck, as well as the Forest King, who was shocked and doubtful in midair.

“As expected of the Blue Sea Sprite that protects the ocean. As expected, it’s kind-hearted. It’s not angry even if it’s attacked.” The Fire God Jones believed in the Legend.

“My leg” However, looking at Susu, who had swept away the frog’s leg, the Forest King’s pupils constricted. It wanted its leg to grow back and reattach its broken leg. It was clearly easier for the latter!!

However!!

It was taken away by the other party!!

However, the Forest King didn’t dare to ask for it. It was already afraid of the short confrontation just now.

Seeing that Susu had really left, the Fire God, Jones, suddenly looked at the Forest King and said, “Forest King, look what you’ve done.”

“What kind of monster is that guy? What exactly is going on? I just want to fill my stomach. How would I know?” the Forest King said.

“Forget it, don’t mention this again. Since the Blue Sea Sprite didn’t pursue us, we’ll negotiate when we reach Dong Huang’s Battle Island.” The Fire God Jones waved his hand, making the Forest King even more puzzled.

It felt that Jones seemed to be very afraid of the other party.

The Forest King landed on the battleship, already extremely regretful of going into the sea to fish.

“The creature just now was the Blue Sea Sprite. Haven’t you heard of it?”

The Forest King shook his head.

“That’s true. After all, the last time the Blue Sea Sprite appeared was 3,000 years ago.”

“It also has another name. It’s the strongest demigod of the ocean. It’s an ocean faith god born from the power of faith of many sea creatures.”

“The countless ocean factions in Dragon Palace City, the Ghost Sea, and the Infinite Sea have all received its favor. Even if there aren’t a hundred demigods who lost to it, there are dozens!”

The Forest King’s pupils constricted.

His heart almost exploded.

The one chasing it just now

“Impossible. If it was a demigod, I would have long”

“It’s a reincarnation. Even the strongest ocean demigod doesn’t have endless lifespan. It needs to rely on continuous reincarnation to maintain its life form.”

“No, no, no,” the Forest King said. “Then who’s Shi Yu you were asking about just now?”

“What contracted target?”

Fire God Jones looked at it and said, “You have to be thankful for that.”

“The Blue Sea Sprite has never looked for Beast Tamers, but the situation in this generation is a little different.”

“A Beast Tamer named Shi Yu successfully contracted the reincarnation of the Blue Sea Sprite.”

“If it weren’t for the fact that he’s Dong Huang’s Beast Tamer and also a member of the Seven Nation Alliance, it might not have ended so easily just now.”

The Forest King revealed an incredulous expression again, and the remaining three frog legs trembled.

“What a joke. You just said that even Dragon Palace City, the Infinite Sea Region, and the Ghost Sea have received the favor of the Blue Sea Sprite. Can such a creature acknowledge a human Beast Tamer?? Who is he? A legend of Dong Huang?”

The Fire God, Jones, shook his head and said, “He’s not Dong Huang’s legendary Beast Tamer, but he’s indeed a legendary figure in Dong Huang.”

“He’s the current authority in the archeological field of the world. The person who spied on the Mythical Domain is also the champion of the World Tournament more than three months ago.”

“You were still sleeping at that time Unfortunately, I wasn’t at the World Tournament either, but it’s said that not only did this Shi Yu defeat the revived Enfeebled God in Inatella, but he also displayed the strength to instantly kill a totem-level life form.”

“And at that time, he was only a level-six Beast Tamer. He hadn’t reached the Legend level. Tell me, is he a legendary figure?” The Fire God Jones looked at the Forest King, completely making the Forest King open his mouth wide.

It didn’t expect such a big thing to happen while he was sleeping.

“I still don’t believe it. How can a level-six Beast Tamer instantly kill a totem? What Beast Taming Talent does he have? Even if he has the enhancement of a divine-level Beast Taming Talent, it’s impossible. Could it be that his pets are all gods!!” King Sen was just about to question it, but suddenly, he recalled the Blue Sea Sprite just now and felt his legs hurt again.

“Indeed, his pet formation really has a few Mythical Races. Not only is there the Kirin Race of the Mythical Era, but there’s also the Green Dragon God, the Blue Sea God” The Fire God Jones understood the Forest King’s mood. When he heard this information, his first thought was that he didn’t believe it.

However, this was the truth. A monster really appeared in this year’s World Tournament, making the geniuses of all countries dim.

“As for his Beast Taming Talent, although it’s only telepathy, you’re right. It’s said that it’s just an ordinary telepathy. It’s also developed to the level of a divine-level talent by him. Once his talent is activated, he can trigger the sound of laws like a divine skill and increase the pet’s battle power extremely powerfully.”

“In short, this guy is the last person to be provoked.”

“Monster, monster, monster.” The Forest King took a step back and didn’t dare to go to Dong Huang. After all, he had provoked the other party’s pet. Was this Shi Yu human?? It was fine if he had a bunch of divine pets, but a telepathy talent could also trigger the sound of laws?

“Wait a minute.” The Forest King was suddenly stunned. “Is the Beast Tamer I’m going to take the assessment on this trip to Dong Huang also a telepathy talent?! Level-seven Could telepathy be the world champion after breaking through?!”

“That’s not it. It’s another Beast Tamer, but also a member of the Dong Huang World Tournament and an archeologist.” The Fire God Jones reassured the Forest King.

However, the Forest King widened its eyes and looked at him. It didn’t believe anything.

“No, no, Jones, my leg, my leg hurts. In my state, I might not be able to take the assessment. I want to go home. I seem to be a little unaccustomed to the environment. I have a strange disease that will give me a headache when I go to Dong Huang. You guys change examiners.”

Fire God Jones: “No, you still have to go to Dong Huang with me to apologize. No, you’re the one apologizing. The Shen Feng Nation won’t take the blame for you.”

Forest King: Gu gu gu gu gu gu!!!