Chapter 1055 - 1055 Telepathy Talents Are Monsters (4)

1055 Telepathy Talents Are Monsters (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

As for Lu Qingyi, a person with a telepathy talent who had just reached level seven a few months ago, why did she come to join in the fun?

“It’s not like it matters even if she didn’t use the challenge opportunity,” Du Ruo said calmly. “Can’t you let the guardian of the alliance spar?”

“Alright, alright, of course.” Fire God Jones shrugged.

Dong Huang had produced a Shi Yu. They couldn’t wait to let the other legend geniuses become gods.

As the two titled legends of Dong Huang and Shen Feng spoke, the battle between King Sen and Lu Qingyi had already begun!

Buzz!!!

Six huge black summoning arrays appeared. Senior Lu’s six pets were all summoned.

Wind Demon Lion, Green Spirit Wind Bird, Empress Flower, Mermaid Princess, Hurricane Demon, Courtyard Sprite!

“The pets have actually reached the overlord level. No wonder they dare to challenge,” the Fire God Jones said when he saw Lu Qingyi’s pets.

“It improved so quickly,” Heavenly King Du Ruo couldn’t help but say.

It was actually all overlords so quickly. Looks like Lu Qingyi’s opportunity was not bad.

The relationship between Qingyi and Shi Yu should be pretty good, right? Was it thanks to Shi Yu?

However, from the energy value, these pets were all at the Normal overlord stage Even the energy value of the Hurricane Demon was less than 50 million.

The highest empress flower was only 60 million.

“Hu.” The Forest King chuckled.

It also sensed that his opponent wasn’t strong and heaved a sigh of relief.

However, opposite him, Lu Qingyi, who was wearing an elegant cheongsam and looked like a queen, had a calm expression from the beginning to the end.

“Use your full strength. Don’t blame me for not giving you a chance,” Lu Qingyi said to the Forest King.

Her words stunned the Forest King.

Then, it revealed an unfriendly expression. What did this candidate mean?

“Qingyi” At this moment, Lu Qingyi’s state also stunned Heavenly King Du, who was familiar with her.

She didn’t understand why that gentle and generous Lu Qingyi’s aura suddenly changed drastically, as if she had become a different person.

“She What do you mean?” Fire God Jones was also stunned.

What did that mean?

On the high wall, Shi Yu chuckled. Of course, it was to act as a queen and strive to resonate with the empress flower.

“Huh??” At this moment, the Forest King was just about to ask Lu Qingyi if she was alright, but in the next moment, the Forest King’s expression changed.

“Didn’t you understand my command?” Lu Qingyi’s hair fluttered, and her gaze was high and mighty.

As Lu Qingyi finished speaking, the air around her began to hum and vibrate. Substantial spiritual power and mental strength formed blue ripples around her.

At the same time, blue ripples also appeared on the body of the empress flower in front of Lu Qingyi.

Right on the heels of that, the energy began to increase steadily. The speed of the eruption was so fast that it didn’t look like a normal method at all. At this moment, the Forest King was shocked and recalled that exaggerated Water Slime.

No, Blue Sea Sprite!

At the moment, this empress flower was actually Senior Lu’s strongest pet.

Because it was also wood-element, it improved the most under Baby Ginseng’s special training.

It had also undergone special training to deter the memory water drop a long time ago. Its Skill configuration was also very good.

Obviously, as a Spirit-type pet, not only could it enjoy the enhancement of mental resonance, but it could also enjoy Senior Lu’s Psychic strengthening!

For this, in order to have a better mental resonance with the empress flower, Lu Qingyi played the role of a queen for many days with difficulty. It was difficult for her.

One of the derived skills of Dao Proficiency Psychic, Spirit Strengthening!

Second skill of Dao Proficiency Psychic Derivation, Spirit Link!

One of the derived uses of the telepathy talent, Psychic Resonance!!

In addition

The eruption of the divine bloodline contained in the empress flower, Mythical Revival!

Boom!!!

In the extreme strengthening mode, the empress flower’s cold red eyes stared at the Forest King. Its energy level quickly exceeded 100 million and continued to accelerate, reaching an unprecedented height.

Soon, the Spirit wave formed a strong storm that swept through the venue like a tornado. The aura of the empress flower itself underwent a tremendous change!

“This aura” The expressions of the Fire God Jones, the Forest King Frog, and Heavenly King Du changed drastically.

It was not ordinary totem power.

The violent Spirit wave made many people present swallow their saliva, not understanding what had happened.

In the next moment.

The deterrence wrapped around it was so strong that the Frog King was shocked.

The double pressure of divine might and max-level deterrence felt the supreme pressure coming from this move. It was stunned. It actually couldn’t control its body for an instant and was frightened by the other party’s king’s might.

Something was wrong!

“Wait, little girl, aren’t you a telepathy talent!!!”

“Oh God, what’s this!!!”

“Jones, why would I believe you!” The Forest King shouted. What the hell was this telepathy talent?

The Forest King’s expression changed drastically. Was Jones an idiot? Dong Huang had a Shi Yu who could upgrade telepathy to a divine-level talent, so it wasn’t impossible for another person to appear. Why didn’t he do his work well in advance and do his information!! It knew it shouldn’t have come!

It couldn’t dodge.

The Forest King felt that it couldn’t dodge this powerful attack. It, who had just recovered from its injuries, felt that after this battle, regardless of whether it won or lost, it would be f*cking heavily injured again. This job wasn’t easy at all!

His mentality collapsed. He didn’t want to fight anymore!

It suspected that the Alliance was deliberately scamming it.

“Quack!!!” The Forest King mobilized its strength to resist with difficulty. The strength of the deterrence suppressed its performance.

However, the super Psychic power that erupted was like the combination of a tsunami and a super vortex. As soon as King Sen touched it, he felt that his entire body had suffered countless impacts and was about to fall apart.

Boom!!!

Half of the Forest King’s body was flattened and he was directly sent flying under the super Psychic power.

“Quack”

Its body caved in, and the Forest King widened its eyes in disbelief. This attack could be released by an overlord? The huge pain in its body made the Forest King’s consciousness blur as it hit the protective wall

Crack

A crack appeared in the wall.

The Forest King slid down, its frog legs swayed, and its eyelids twitched with difficulty.

“Impossible!!!” Fire God Jones opened his mouth wide.

Five of the six pets didn’t attack. They only used one to send the totem-level Forest King flying?

Was the Forest King still recovering from its Restoration?

“Isn’t she a telepathy talent?!!”

Jones shouted.

“This” Heavenly King Du Ruo also looked at Lu Qingyi, who was standing on the arena like a queen, with a shocked expression.

They didn’t understand what had happened to Qingyi.

That power just now What was going on

Could it be

She recalled Shi Yu, who had come with Lu Qingyi.

“Aiya, aiya.” At this moment, only Shi Yu, who was on the wall, shook his head regretfully.

“Unfortunately, it couldn’t insta-kill the Forest King or affect its movements,” Shi Yu said regretfully. On his shoulder, Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, and the others also watched the battle together and shook their heads regretfully.

In this attack, Senior Lu and the empress flower had exhausted all their strength. Whether the remaining five pets could drag down the Forest King determined whether Senior Lu could obtain the title of Surpasser.

“Unfortunately.”

With Ling’s perception, the Forest King’s current state wasn’t that serious. It could still display more than 70% of its battle power. In the next battle, Senior Lu was in a very dangerous situation.

It was indeed a gamble-like battle

However.

“Wu wu wu?” Eleven and the others looked at the Forest King in confusion.

“Yi? (What’s this guy doing?)”

They sensed that the Forest King, who clearly still had most of its strength, had been lying on the ground and refused to get up!

It seemed to be pretending to be dead!

On the other side, Senior Lu and the empress flower were really at the end of their rope. Instead, they were forcefully standing.

A sharp contrast.

“This guy” Shi Yu couldn’t help but stand up. The corners of his mouth twitched.” Don’t tell me it’s afraid to fight anymore. Does it have any professional ethics? What’s wrong with this Alliance examiner? ”

“Playing dead?” On the arena, when Lu Qingyi saw this, she curled her lips and said, “Did I let you fall?”

“Get up!”

“Everyone Mythical Revival!”

“Roar!!!” Lu Qingyi’s pet directly attacked the Forest King, who was pretending to be dead. Shi Yu even patted his forehead. She and the empress flower have already erupted with all strength, so stop being so arrogant. She’d be beaten up.