Chapter 1052 - 1052 Telepathy Talents Are Monsters (1)

1052 Telepathy Talents Are Monsters (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

On the endless sea, a beautiful woman sat on the side of a Green Phoenix, and a handsome man sat cross-legged on the head of a green dragon. Both parties flew above the clouds.

The beauty was Lu Qingyi, and the handsome one was naturally Shi Yu.

“Susu seems to have encountered some trouble,” Shi Yu said.

“What’s wrong?” Lu Qingyi looked puzzled.

Lu Qingyi also knew that Shi Yu had raised his pets outside to let them train on their own.

Could something have happened?

Shi Yu was really magnanimous. The other Beast Tamers of Dong Huang basically kept their pets in Dong Huang.

He was really something else. His pet had already run out of the Dong Huang Sea Region.

“It’s not a big problem” Shi Yu had a strange expression.

“Ning!! Ning!!” As they flew, they had already been above the sea for a long time. As the mental connection approached, Shi Yu and the others lowered their flying height slightly.

A water pillar shot into the sky. Susu lay on the water pillar and flew into the sky.

“Susu,” Lu Qingyi shouted.

“Jiu!! ~” Lu Qingyi’s Green Phoenix also shouted.

They all looked at Susu in confusion, like the huge frozen frog leg beside it.

“Sorry for the wait.” After meeting Susu, Shi Yu also looked at the frog leg immediately and fell silent.

“What’s this? Spoils of war?”

At this moment, Lu Qingyi couldn’t help but smile when she saw that Susu still had the spoils of war.

This frog leg looked very plump and relatively huge. Because it was frozen by the Heavenly Frost Cold Energy, it was completely locked.

“Ning! (Battle spoils.)” Susu smugly controlled the Crowd Control water to condense an icon of swords colliding.

Nes ~

Shi Yu shrugged and said, “A totem-level frog life form’s frog leg”

Lu Qingyi was stunned. “Susu, you encountered a totem?”

Moreover it even broke a leg of the totem?!

“Roar!! (Susu is awesome!!)”

Buggy shouted, “As expected of you, the strongest demigod in the ocean!”

To be honest, Shi Yu was more at ease with Susu when it went to the sea with Eleven to train.

Because Eleven’s battle power had decreased in the sea.

However, Susu’s battle power in the sea was an epic increase.

In an underwater battle, even with a quasi-divine skill, Eleven shouldn’t be able to defeat Susu.

After all, at this time, Susu’s opponent was facing the power of the entire sea.

“Ning.”

The cheeks of the Water Slime were red. It looked at Lu Qingyi in embarrassment and smiled apologetically.

Lu Qingyi: Uh

“Susu said that it’s sorry to accidentally cripple your examiner, Senior. It’s treating you to frog legs.”

Lu Qingyi: “?”

The Green Phoenix: ???

“Roar?? (Huh??)” Buggy was also stunned.

Lu Qingyi widened her beautiful eyes and was stunned for a moment before concentrating on the frog leg. What, what did it mean?

“When the guardian examiner of the Alliance went to Dong Huang, he accidentally treated Susu, who was training at the bottom of the sea, as food. In the end, they fought.”

Shi Yu shrugged and said, “Susu is still not agile enough. It only lost one of its four legs.”

“Ning! (The other party runs very quickly, and I can’t bear to use the Sea Cleansing Spirit.)” Susu felt aggrieved.

Lu Qingyi opened her mouth slightly and looked at Shi Yu and Susu in confusion. Shi Yu smiled and said, “Forget it, forget it. Let’s eat this leg first. We’ve never eaten a totem-level bull frog We’ll talk about other things when we get to the Battle Island.”

The one in charge of guarding the battle island was Dong Huang’s titled legend, Heavenly King Du Ruo. He was a titled legend who was very strong.

Having defeated ordinary totems, her Beast Taming Talent was related to “meteorology”, similar to Ji Feng’s All Things Affinity.

Although it didn’t involve as much as Ji Feng’s talent, it only had incomparable control over the weather and could cooperate with pets to become the true king of weather.

It was precisely because of this talent that Heavenly King Du Ruo rarely had a match in the sky.

At this moment, Heavenly King Du Ruo, a woman in her sixties, had already met the examiner from the Alliance.

However, to Du Ruo’s surprise, the examiner of the Alliance came with a broken leg. Although it was already treating it with all his might, it still didn’t look like it could recover quickly.

In this world where extraordinary power was everywhere, it wasn’t impossible to regrow broken limbs. However, it was definitely more difficult to give an ordinary life form broken limbs to regrow and a totem broken limbs to regrow. The consumption was greater.

“Ah, it’s my fault, it’s my fault, it’s all my fault. It’s a misunderstanding! Ribbit.”

What was even more unexpected was that after the Alliance’s guardian, the Forest King, arrived at Dong Huang Battle Island, he immediately apologized like he was crying.

The Fire God, Jones, stepped forward and looked at the Heavenly King Du Ruo who received them. “Heavenly King Du Ruo, something unexpected happened when he headed to Dong Huang.”

“Did you encounter the enemy?”

Du Ruo was stunned. That shouldn’t be the case. A totem and a titled legend, and they came on a battleship representing the Seven Nation Alliance. Which blind totem dared to attack at this sensitive moment?

“This When we were heading to Dong Huang, because the Forest King woke up from his sleep and was extremely hungry, he hunted food outside the Dong Huang Sea Region. In the end, because of some misunderstanding, he had a conflict with the Blue Sea Sprite of the legend of your country, Shi Yu, who was training outside.”

Heavenly King Du Ruo was stunned again. What?

“Its injuries were caused by the Blue Sea Sprite. However, because this matter was wronged by the Forest King, the Forest King is willing to bear all the responsibility and apologize to legend Shi Yu.”