Chapter 1058 - 1058 Attacking Demigod-Level Battle Power (3)

1058 Attacking demigod-level Battle Power (3)

“You’re welcome.” Shi Yu chuckled.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

….

It didn’t take long for President Lin to arrive at the Battle Island. President Lin was naturally very happy to see another super genius appear in Dong Huang. Even when Shi Yu said that he wanted to train again, President Lin wasn’t that worried.

In any case, with Shi Yu’s trump card, he wouldn’t die. He could do whatever he wanted.

After obtaining permission, Shi Yu was happy.

He stayed on the Battle Island for about two more days. After Senior Lu completely recovered, Shi Yu directly set off from the Battle Island to the location of the Space-time Dragon Vein.

This Space-time Dragon Vein was located on an isolated island with a harsh environment, so there was no life habitat on it at all. The Dragon God only discovered the Space-time Dragon Vein hidden under this isolated island by accident.

Although the Dragon God didn’t tell Shi Yu the location of the Space-time Dragon Vein, Qi knew where the Space-time Dragon Vein was. Therefore, Shi Yu and the others arrived first.

After setting off from the Battle Island, Shi Yu rode the Green Dragon Buggy and prayed to be a guide. The group began to run wildly above the ocean.

“Left. That way, right!” Qi tugged at Shi Yu’s clothes and floated in the sky like a pendant.

After a period of time, Shi Yu and the others locked onto an island with cliffs at the edge of the island. According to the environment, that was the Space and Time Island.

This place was already very far from Dong Huang and Dragon Palace City, but it was relatively close to the factions in the Infinite Sea.

The environment near this island was indeed not very good. Huge vortexes frequently appeared on the sea, and the sky was always gray. From time to time, storms would blow, lightning flashed, and thunder rumbled.

In this situation, even if a legend arrived, it wouldn’t be safe. Shi Yu and the others carefully landed on the island. Apart from being a little cold, a little Desolate, and a little chaotic, there was nothing special about the island.

“Is it here?” Shi Yu asked.

On his shoulder, Qi, who was floating, nodded excitedly and said, “Yes, this is the place. The space where the Space-time Dragon Vein is is under the island.”

“Lucky,” Qi said in surprise. “At this time, the Space-time Tide is in a relatively stable state. I can directly go in and absorb the power of the dragon vein. If I’m lucky, it will take about a year for me to awaken ‘Space-time Travel’ to the ‘quasi-divine skill’ stage.”

“Moreover, because it’s close to the Mythical Revival, the power of the Space-time Dragon Vein has almost recovered. It’s much more abundant than the dried-up Dragon Vein I saw at the start. With its power, after the Skill recovers, it can quickly undergo the initial Space-time transmigration.”

“Roar!!! (Charge, charge, charge.)” Buggy said excitedly.

There were actually other pets riding everywhere on its body. Eleven, Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong, Susu, Ling, and the others were also extremely excited.

“It’s going to take a year? It’s so long,” Shi Yu said worriedly. “Speaking of which, why is your willpower level still low? Did you slack off during training? Little Ji has medium Resistance.”

“Do you know how tempting it is for an archeologist to transmigrate?”

Qi immediately puffed up her face.

“No! Apart from not fighting every day like Little Ji, I’ve also done its training Quests,” she argued reasonably.

At the same time, he also summoned Little Ji, Duckie, and Little Purple.

As soon as Little Ji and Duckie were summoned, they wanted to fight. However, when they suddenly saw that the big brothers and sisters of the first team were all here, they immediately stopped.

“Roar!!! (The weather is pretty good.)” Little Ji said.

“Quack. (The smell of the sea.)” The duck stuck its head out and looked at the sea.

“Mi. (So tired, so hungry…)” Little Zi muttered.

At this moment, all the members of Shi Yu’s first and second teams were on the Space and Time Island.

“Although the environment here is a little poor, we can stay in the ruins and the Beast Taming Space. I’ve decided. For the next period of time, we’ll train here,” Shi Yu said to everyone.

“I’ve prepared sufficient resources and brought all my assets.”

“The goal is to awaken ‘Space-time Travel’. Also, after all of us have strength comparable to a demigod and are evenly matched with Yun An, it’s a signal to end our cultivation.”

“I’ll give it my all.” Shi Yu gritted his teeth.

“Wuuu!!!” Eleven agreed with both hands. It had a premonition that after this seclusion ended, it would probably hunt Yun An.

“Alright, alright.” Qi also looked at the Space-time Dragon Vein and said. She couldn’t wait to find her strength.

“Wait, Qi.” Shi Yu looked at it and said, “Next, don’t you just sleep and recover in the dragon vein? Don’t you think a year is too slow?”

< Name > Qi

[Race]: Time Sprite

[Stats]: Time, Space

[Teaching Skill]

“Super”: Mythical Revival (Proficient)

[Resistance Level]: Low

“I’ll help you.” Shi Yu revealed a kind smile and said, “Although your will level is still low, I think it’s not a big problem.”

Ling possessed Qi and used the nine-colored divine light to strengthen Qi’s will. Even if it was a low-level Resistance, it was comparable to medium-level. In addition, with the comfort of Susu’s Sea Cleansing Spirit, the success rate of adding points to it wouldn’t be very low.

If the proficiency of Mythical Revival increased a little faster, it might not take a year to awaken Space-time Travel.

“Huh?” Qi revealed a confused expression.

“Little Ji, Duckie, Little Zi, watch and listen. Next, you’ll experience the same thing.”