Chapter 1050 - 1050 It’S Always The Examiner Who’S Injured (3)

1050 It’s Always the Examiner Who’s Injured (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Damn it, what’s going on!!”

At that moment, on the Alliance battleship, the titled legend, Fire God Jones, was stunned. He looked at the huge frog that escaped from the bottom of the sea and the Water Slime floating opposite with a stunned expression.

“Lord Forest King!” On the hull, the Beast Tamer of the Alliance, who had gone to fetch the Forest King with the Fire God, also looked at the Forest King in confusion.

“Cut the crap. I encountered a ferocious beast at the bottom of the sea. This guy is terrifyingly strong. I’ve already suffered a fatal injury. Jones, let’s attack together. Otherwise, none of us can leave today,” the Forest King shouted and looked at Susu fearfully.

However, at this moment, Susu’s blue eyes had already sensed that something was wrong.

It looked at the Alliance battleship and the huge frog calling for help from the Alliance battleship and fell into deep thought.

At this moment, when the Beast Tamers on the Alliance battleship heard the Forest King’s shout, they instantly felt as if they were facing a great enemy, including the Fire God, Jones. However, they looked at the Water Slime. It was difficult to imagine that the ferocious beast the Forest King mentioned was this cute thing.

“What exactly is going on?” Fire God Jones summoned his pet while brainstorming.

“Wait, Water Slime.” Then, the Fire God’s pupils constricted.

How could there be such a strong Water Slime here?

With this doubt, he quickly thought of a rumor.

It was said that in the World Tournament, one of the pets of this batch’s world legend, Shi Yu, was the legendary Blue Sea Sprite.

As for the Blue Sea Sprite, its initial form in the World Tournament was a blue Water Slime!!

Could it be

Connected to the fact that this place was relatively close to the Dong Huang Sea, the Fire God, Jones, looked at the Water Slime in disbelief and shouted tentatively, “Wait, wait!”

“Blue Sea Sprite!!!”

“Are you the Blue Sea Sprite?”

“Legend Shi Yu’s contracted target.”

“We’re from the Alliance, not enemies, not enemies! Don’t attack!”

“I came to Dong Huang this time for the title assessment!”

Apart from the Blue Sea Sprite, the Fire God Jones really couldn’t think of a second Water Slime that could heavily injure the totem-level Forest King.

In the World Tournament, legend Shi Yu’s Iron-eating Beast suppressed the gods. The Green Dragon and Baby Ginseng instantly killed the totems. Everyone in the upper echelons of Shen Feng knew.

Then it was not strange for the Blue Sea Sprite to have the ability to fight a totem.

“What the hell?” At this moment, seeing that the Fire God Jones was calling it the Blue Sea Sprite and not an enemy, the Forest King was even more shocked. At the same time, it was still thinking about what the Blue Sea Sprite was.

As a frog on land, it was only 200 years old and had also missed the world competition. It really didn’t understand the Blue Sea Sprite that hadn’t appeared in 3,000 years.

“Ning?” Hearing the other party’s words, the corners of Susu’s mouth curled up.

As expected, it was really someone from the Alliance.

At that moment, Susu examined the badge of the Alliance battleship and looked at the Fire God Jones, the Forest King, and the Fire God Jones’s words echoed in Susu’s ears.

“I came to Dong Huang this time for the title assessment!”

Titled assessment?

Susu was silent. Dong Huang seemed to really have a legend who wanted to accept the title assessment of the alliance recently.

Lu Qingyi’s Mermaid Princess even helped train for a few days

In other words, not only were these people from the Alliance, but they were also from the Alliance to give Lu Qingyi a title assessment?

Susu looked at the big frog. In other words, this guy was Lu Qingyi’s examiner??

In an instant, Susu had an indescribable emotion.

“No matter who you are, this guy wanted to eat me just now. I can’t let it off easily,” Susu said with the telepathy it had learned not long ago.

At this moment, Susu didn’t admit its identity, but it didn’t deny it either. However, with this image and strength in front of it, the Beast Tamer on the battleship had already confirmed that it was the Blue Sea Sprite.

Now, when they heard the Blue Sea Sprite say that the Forest King wanted to eat it, the Beast Tamers led by the Fire God, Jones, were immediately stunned.

What!!!

The Forest King actually wanted to eat the Blue Sea Sprite??

How bold was this?

“What exactly is going on? Jones, help me!!!” The Forest King shouted. His leg hurt slightly, and one of his legs had been broken. If it wanted to recover, it wasn’t something that could be solved with some food.

“Forest King! You wanted to eat Lord Blue Sea Sprite just now?!” Seeing that the Forest King didn’t deny it at all, the Fire God Jones already believed 80 to 90% of it in his heart. After all, the Forest King went into the sea to find food.

However, damn it, why did he encounter the Blue Sea Sprite, and it even wanted to eat the Blue Sea Sprite ridiculously!

“What the hell? How would I know who it is I don’t want to eat it. I just saw it and wanted to spar.” The Forest King saw that the Fire God Jones’ tone and expression were a little strange and immediately said.

The Forest King also knew that it was in the wrong. After all, it was the one who took the initiative to attack first. However, this was clearly not the sea area of Dong Huang and the Dragon Palace.

Did it kick some iron plate?

“Lord Blue Sea Sprite, it’s a misunderstanding. We’re willing to compensate.” The Fire God Jones knew that the Blue Sea Sprite’s identity was special, and he knew that Shi Yu’s identity was special. He immediately made it clear.

“Sure.”

At this moment, Susu also felt bored. It didn’t want to argue with them, nor did it want to cause trouble for Shi Yu. It glanced at the frozen frog leg floating in the water and directly swept it over with water.

Susu looked at the huge frog leg and felt that it was enough for Shi Yu.

If it wasn’t enough, he would get the other party to compensate a few more!

Sustainable food production+1 again.

It ignored this group of people and directly wrapped the frog leg before returning to the ocean.