Chapter 1062 - 1062 Transmigrating To The Emperor Wu Era (2)

1062 Transmigrating to the Emperor Wu Era (2)

Just like that, the combination of a dragon, a man, and a little elf began to fly towards the continent.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The current sea area was undoubtedly more dangerous than the future.

But for Buggy, who had strong spatial attainments, it wasn’t difficult to travel.

Unless it was a demigod-level expert, it was very difficult to pay attention to Shi Yu and the others.

Just like that, it didn’t take long for Shi Yu to pass through the sea and reach the place where the dream began.

Icefield City, Ping Cheng, the sea area outside the Ice Dragon Snow Mountain.

At this moment, the area of Icefield City and Ping Cheng was called Snow City because of the snow all year round.

Shi Yu rode the Green Dragon and looked at the endless snow mountain below on the snow clouds. He knew that in this space and time, there was also a frost dragon sleeping and suppressing the Ice River Totem.

Shi Yu didn’t disturb Ice Dragon because this was also a rare cultivation opportunity for Ice Dragon.

Ice Dragon was only a representative transportation tool for Mu Huiyin, but in her later years, Mu Huiyin gave it a heavy responsibility to suppress the Ice River Totem. Wasn’t it because suppressing the Ice River Totem was the best opportunity for the hooligan Ice Dragon to break through to the totem level?

Soon, Shi Yu, who had passed through the Ice Dragon Snow Mountain, descended into Snow City without anyone noticing.

Snow City was a classic ancient city. The high city wall blocked the ferocious beasts in the Icefield Snow Mountain. A large number of soldiers were stationed here to protect Snow City. It looked like Icefield City had not changed much in the past two thousand years.

It might also be related to the fact that this place was close to the East Sea and the overlord of the East Sea, Dragon Palace City, was not interested in land.

Shi Yu smiled. After letting Buggy teleport him to Snow City, only Qi was left beside him in his pocket. However, as long as Shi Yu allowed it, every pet in the Beast Taming Space could still clearly see the outside world through Shi Yu’s perspective.

In a white town, Shi Yu approached the ancient tree where the snow fell and looked at the most flat area in the town.

There were more than ten children from six to seven to ten years old.

In the square that was like a training ground, their young faces were filled with seriousness. Their hands and feet followed the movements of the animal skin wearing man in front of them.

“If you want to become a Beast Tamer, you have to have a strong physique!”

“Before your Spiritual Soul power takes shape, this stage where you can’t contract pets is one of the few times where you can train your body and build the foundation without any distractions!”

“Only by laying a good foundation can you become stronger. Only by having powerful strength can you contribute and serve the country!”

“Hmph!” Upon hearing the animal skin man’s words, although the faces of the children were red from the cold and they spat out white gas, they were still training rather seriously.

“As expected of the dynasty with the most prosperous martial arts style!”

Shi Yu was in an ordinary town in Snow City. When he saw this scene, he was in a daze.

Although he had yet to ask, Shi Yu deduced that it should be the early stages of the establishment of Emperor Wu Dynasty.

It was said that the totem battle had just ended a few years ago. The stage of the Dong Huang Dynasty’s rebirth through the flames was the most prosperous stage during the era of Emperor Wu Dynasty. From adults to children, they were proud to join the Dong Huang Army.

At a very young age, under the guidance of retired soldiers assigned to various places, children would lay the foundation for walking the path of Beast Taming.

In short, as long as there were conditions, martial arts prospered.

At the start of the dynasty, the officials were also trying their best to improve the livelihood of the people everywhere, strived to prevent things like not being full and not being warm.

Although the existence of transcendent life forms brought hardship to humans, everything was relative and two-sided. This was because of the existence of extraordinary power. As long as the strongest experts wanted to improve the lives of the people, the difficulty of improvement was far lower than in a world without extraordinary power.

“Huh?!”

Shi Yu quietly leaned against the ancient tree. He looked at the middle-aged man in animal skin who didn’t hide his breathing and existence when he taught the child fitness.

Not long after, the burly man who was teaching the child discovered this strange person in strange clothes. His expression couldn’t help but turn cold.

“You guys, continue training.”

He called out to the children and quickly walked in Shi Yu’s direction. In his opinion, the current Shi Yu was indeed strange. This was because Shi Yu was still wearing the battle suit he had trained in. The dark red interweaving battle suit was extremely luxurious. The burly man couldn’t tell what the ancient Style and modern Style were. He only knew that ordinary people definitely couldn’t afford to wear such clothes.

Could it be a young master from a rich family?

“You’re… you’re not a citizen of Bailin Town, right?”

“I’m the Beast Taming Instructor of Bailin Town, Guo Yan. We are in a sensitive period, so please explain your identity.” Guo Yan walked forward and said neither servile nor overbearing. As a crippled veteran who had retreated from the totem battle, only the Dong Huang Army was his faith.

Everything had to be carried out according to the orders issued by the army.

These children did not know, but Guo Yan had heard from his old comrade that another powerful totem country that was enough to threaten Dong Huang had appeared next door. Currently, the domestic situation was very tense.

The many policies released recently was proof of that!

“Me? I’m indeed not a resident of Bailin Town, but Snow City is my hometown.” Shi Yu smiled.

“Of course, the current Snow City is also a little unfamiliar. After all, I just returned. This time, I’m considered to have returned from training to rely on Dong Huang.”

“Yes, yes, we’re here to rely on Dong Huang!” Qi popped her head out of Shi Yu’s pocket.

“What’s this?” Guo Yan was shocked when he saw Qi in Shi Yu’s pocket and felt that it was unbelievable.