Chapter 1064 - 1064 Transmigrating To The Emperor Wu Era (4)

1064 Transmigrating to the Emperor Wu Era (4)

He knew that Wu Ling City was the cultivation base of Dong Huang’s Iron-eating Beast Corps!!

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Countless iron-eating beast evolution materials were all stored here.

There was even the ruins of the Iron-eating Beast Trial established by Senior Ji Mengzhu, Senior Chong Xuan, and the others. Eleven’s top-notch metals were all taken from this ruin.

At this time, the metals known as top-notch evolution materials should still be in the trial ruins, right?

Wu Ling City, Iron-eating Beast Corps training ruins.

This place was located in the center of Wu Ling City. Recently, it was the most lively place in Wu Ling City.

The characteristics of the major recruitment venues in Dong Huang were all different. For example, the recruitment benefits in Wu Ling City had something that attracted the Beast Tamers in the country.

Any Beast Tamer above the Master level had a chance to join the Iron-eating Beast Corps and obtain the Iron-eating Beast cub.

Iron-eating Beast!

This era was not the future. The trump card of the number one general under Emperor Wu was the Iron-eating Beast. Emperor Wu’s strongest army was the Iron-eating Beast Army.

There were even rumors that Emperor Wu had also contracted an Iron-eating Beast.

Now that the Iron-eating Beasts were monopolized by Emperor Wu Dynasty, who didn’t want a cute Iron-eating Beast with extraordinary potential?

Therefore, the number of people who came to Wu Ling City to participate in the recruitment was only more than those few famous big cities in history. This was also a way for Emperor Wu to attract capable people from the common people.

Relying on top-notch pets.

Now, even Shi Yu was attracted over. However, he was attracted by the iron-eating beast’s evolution materials.

After unveiling a recruitment notice that was plastered all over the city, Shi Yu came to the recruitment venue on the notice, a black and white pavilion outside the Wu Ling Ruins.

Outside the pavilion door, two Beast Tamer soldiers in armor stood guard on both sides. Although there were many people who had come to Wu Ling City to participate in the recruitment, it was impossible for there to be a crowd when the threshold was at the master level. Shi Yu had come at the right time. Outside the pavilion cabinet, they looked very free at the moment.

At this moment, Shi Yu slowly walked towards the pavilion. The gazes of the two soldiers also landed on Shi Yu. However, at this moment, a beautiful figure walked out of the pavilion.

She was about 20 years old. She was wearing a white Han suit and looked beautiful. Not to mention in this ancient era without makeup skills, even in the modern era where makeup and plastic surgery were applied, the other party still had an outstanding aura and was a gorgeous beauty.

“Ji Mengzhu?” Shi Yu was immediately stunned when he saw this face that was almost 99% similar to Senior Panda Lin Xiuzhu.

He didn’t expect to encounter someone familiar so quickly

At this moment, Ji Mengzhu, who had just come out, also saw Shi Yu, a stranger walking towards the building.

“Excuse me, is this the location of the national recruitment?” Shi Yu smiled and looked at her.

“That’s right. You’re here to participate in the recruitment?” Ji Mengzhu’s cold and straightforward voice sounded. She looked at Shi Yu, who looked much younger than her, and was surprised.

In the entire country, the lowest threshold for recruitment was fifth-grade.

Was this person’s level enough?

However, at this age, even if it was one or two levels lower, it was considered to have pretty good talent potential. He could completely join the army through other channels.

Or could it be that Shi Yu was a disciple of a hidden family and had really reached the master level?

“Where are you from, what’s your level? How old are you?” Ji Mengzhu asked one by one.

Shi Yu said, “I’m from Snow City, but I’ve been out training since I was young. The four seas are my home. This year, I’m 21 years old. As for my level…”

Shi Yu smiled. “Three, legend.”

“I wonder what resources I can obtain.”

Legend.

He had cultivated two Legends!

“Legend…”

BOOM!

As Shi Yu finished speaking, Ji Mengzhu was clearly stunned. The two soldiers standing guard were also stunned. They looked at Shi Yu in confusion. Wait, wait?!

What did this guy just say?

21 years old, Legendary?

What a joke. 21 years old, Legend?! Not to mention 21 years old, even if there was no age restriction, the Legend level of Dong Huang was rare!