Chapter 1065 - 1065 Battle Of The Iron-Eating Beasts (1)

1065 Battle of the Iron-eating Beasts (1)

21 years old, legend level.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Ji Mengzhu immediately denied it in her heart and felt that it was impossible.

When she was 21 years old, she had only just entered level six.

After all, her father was a top legend only a step away from the Legendary Beast Tamer, the second expert of Dong Huang.

Legendary Beast Tamer Emperor Wu was equivalent to her elder.

Be it cultivation resources or cultivation resources, Ji Mengzhu had never lacked them.

But even so, it would be a few years later before she became a legend.

The level of a Beast Tamer was very resource-consuming, and birth played a decisive role.

At this speed, in the entire Dong Huang, even if it wasn’t one of the best, it could definitely be ranked in the top five.

However, it would be problematic if Ji Mengzhu believed a stranger who directly appeared in front of her and said that he was 21 years old at the Legendary level.

“Are you serious?”

She observed Shi Yu in front of her seriously again!

The dark red archeological battle suit was very special in Ji Mengzhu’s opinion. For a moment, she couldn’t determine where Shi Yu came from.

“You said you’re at the Legend level?”

Shi Yu nodded and said, “You should be able to prove it with this, right?”

As soon as he finished speaking, with a hum, Gust suddenly rose as he activated the Beast Taming Space.

The strong wind pressure made the two guards cover their faces.

Countless black light spots flickered under Shi Yu’s feet.

The light spots quickly connected into a trajectory, forming a huge circular array that looked like a star map on the ground.

Black summoning array, Legend level!

Standing on the array, Shi Yu looked at Ji Mengzhu calmly and saw her expression change drastically!

“This…” Seeing this, Ji Mengzhu lost her composure.

For a moment, they couldn’t believe their eyes.

It was really at the legend level?

At the moment, there were only 30 Legend experts in the Dong Huang Dynasty.

Since the National Conscription, only one hidden legend expert had appeared, and they were already old.

Shi Yu was the second legend since the conscription!

Moreover, it was incomparably young, ridiculously young. Even Emperor Wu had definitely not reached the legend level at this age.

Ji Mengzhu looked at Shi Yu’s spatial summoning array.

Boom.

In the next moment, she felt that her Spirit seemed to have fallen into an abyss. A terrifying pressure came from the summoning array.

Although Shi Yu didn’t summon his pet, the pressure inside had already shocked Ji Mengzhu

The person in front of him was definitely a genuine legend. Moreover, the strength of the pet was probably not weak either, reaching the overlord level.

It wasn’t like a Beast Tamer that had reached level seven but with a pet that was only a monarch-level. That would be a quasi legend.

“It’s really a legend…” Under the shocked expressions of the two guards, Shi Yu dispersed the summoning array and looked at Ji Mengzhu with a smile.” Is this alright? ”

“It’s done.” Ji Mengzhu took a deep breath and said, “Sir, follow me directly.”

“Let’s talk inside.”

“Alright.”

Soon, Shi Yu followed Ji Mengzhu into the black and white pavilion. Ji Mengzhu received him with top-notch spiritual tea and sat with Shi Yu.

She said, “I forgot to introduce myself. I’m the chief trainer of the Iron-eating Beast Corps under Emperor Wu, Ji Mengzhu.”

“Are you really here to participate in the national conscription?”

“I’ve never heard of such a person in Snow City.”

Shi Yu smiled and said, “It’s real.”

“My name is Shi Yu. I was born in Snow City, but I left Dong Huang to train overseas since I was young. I only returned recently.”

Shi Yu directly reported his real name, not afraid of affecting anything.

After all, according to the EXP of transmigrating many times, their transmigration would directly give birth to a new parallel space with a completely different historical direction. It wouldn’t affect the established history in the future.

After knowing this, Shi Yu actually wanted to know what kind of existence he was.

Because this wasn’t the first time he had transmigrated.

The first time he transmigrated was from Earth to Blue Planet.

Would he transmigrate to Blue Planet in every parallel universe, or would he transmigrate to that space-time?

Was there a transmigrator, Shi Yu, in other parallel spaces? If not, then the space-time with archeologist Shi Yu was also the only special universe in history?

“…You’re from Dong Huang??” Ji Mengzhu was even more shocked.

“Where have you been?”

She had never left Dong Huang since she was young and couldn’t help but show a curious expression.

“I’ve been to many places. The place I’ve stayed the longest is the Tingxiang area,” Shi Yu said nonsense.

“Tingxiang, where’s that?” Ji Mengzhu asked. “Is it different from our Dong Huang?”

Shi Yu said, “There are naturally many different points in the northwest of Dong Huang. There are also Beast Tamers there. However, the abilities of transcendent creatures are more commonly called magic. Apart from that, there are also many species different from Dong Huang.”

“For example, Dwarfs, Giants, Elves…”

Shi Yu chuckled. Just as he was about to knock on his pocket, he realized that Qi seemed to have fallen asleep.

Although it consumed the power of the Space-time Dragon Vein this time, it was clearly quite tired.

“Then why do you want to join the Dong Huang Army after returning this time?” Ji Mengzhu asked.

Shi Yu smiled and said, “There are too many reasons. Because I have some grudges with the Yun Race. My personal strength isn’t enough to resist the Yun Race. In addition, I’m from Dong Huang, so it shouldn’t be a problem for me to seek allies, right?”

“In addition, His Majesty Emperor Wu has ended the totem battle in the east. At the moment, Dong Huang has occupied the area with the richest resources and has also plundered the treasure vaults of countless totem countries. The resources are huge and numerous. If I want to take another step forward, I naturally have to cozy up to him.”