Chapter 1068 - 1068 Battle Of The Iron-Eating Beasts (4)

1068 Battle of the Iron-eating Beasts (4)

Could it be that Shi Yu and the others had already evolved through the meteorite fragment? This was also why Shi Yu said that he had a grudge with the Yun Race!

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Where did he get the meteorite fragment!

“That Iron-eating Beast…” As Ji Mengzhu’s mother, Ji Nai was even more expert than Ji Mengzhu in the cultivation of Iron-eating Beasts. When she saw Shi Yu’s Iron-eating Beast with a special aura, her gaze turned slightly serious.

She couldn’t see through it, but it felt incomparably powerful. What was with this strange feeling?

“That little guy…” The Iron-eating Beast ancestor also looked at Eleven with a serious expression. Under its deep perception, it was extremely incredulous and shocked. It actually felt that its bloodline was trembling in front of it.

How was this possible?

“You attack first?” Shi Yu said.

“…” Ji Mengzhu’s gaze was serious. She felt that she had underestimated the other party.

Although she didn’t know why, the other party’s cultivation level of the Iron-eating Beast was very likely above hers.

At this moment, Eleven indeed had this pressure.

[Race]: Chaos Panda

[Race Skill]:

“Super”: Inner Power (Perfect+47), Space Quake (Perfect+47), Impregnable (Perfect+47), Demon God Body (Perfect+47), Leaving Gold Battle Body (Perfect+47), Thunder God Armor (Perfect+47), Nine Li Army (Perfect+47), Indestructible Golden Body (Perfect+47)

“Quasi God-level”: Yin Yang Millstone (Initiate)

[Teaching Skill]

“Super”: Superalloy (transcendent)

At the moment, Eleven was the pet with the most physique skills in Shi Yu’s team.

The previous Demon God Body, the subsequent fusion of the Leaving Gold Battle Body, and the new fusion of the Thunder God Armor and the Indestructible Golden Body made it look like a physique monster.

Buggy’s Green Dragon Indestructible Body might be able to suppress Eleven’s single physique skill, but it couldn’t suppress Eleven, who had four physiques combined.

Those were the God of War, the God of Martial Arts, and the God of Battle!

Even without using Stats energy, Eleven could still fight totems with its body alone.

This physical pressure condensed into dark clouds that lingered on Ji Mengzhu’s head, making her shout the word “Space Quake” in an unknown mood.

“Roar!!!”

Space Quake!!!

Boom!!!

The spatial Iron-eating Beast directly threw a punch, and the move hit the air. At this moment, as expected, a huge sound that could destroy the world sounded.

In the huge vibration sound, with a crack, space directly shattered. Like a broken mirror, white lightning-like cracks kept appearing!!

In the blink of an eye, an attack that contained terrifying power shattered everything, sweeping with incomparable vibration power and devouring Eleven.

Ji Mengzhu could be said to be very serious about this attack. In the training mystic realm, many soldiers and Iron-eating Beasts subconsciously looked up in shock, but at the Duel venue, Eleven… didn’t even have the intention to dodge in the face of this terrifying spatial vibration!

Boom!!!

The huge spatial shock wave directly Devoured Eleven, stunning Ji Mengzhu, the spatial Iron-eating Beast, the Iron-eating Beast Ancestor, and Ji Nai. However, in the next moment, what stunned them even more was that these spatial shock waves attacked Eleven’s body like iron. However, Eleven was like divine iron that had been tempered to the extreme. Under the impact, not a trace appeared on its body!!

In the spatial vibration storm, its expression was natural. One of its arms fell and the other waved.

Buzz!!!

A huge spatial shock wave was directly sent flying into the sky by it. The huge vibration power rushed into the sky and instantly tore open a hundred-meter-long spatial crack in the sky!!

Under the crack, Eleven walked towards the spatial Iron-eating Beast as if nothing had happened.

“Impossible!!!” At this moment, the Iron-eating Beast ancestor, who was observing in the dark, was shocked. “Impossible.”

Even if it wanted to rely on its physical strength to easily resolve this move without using moves, it couldn’t be so easy.

“This…” After this attack, Ji Mengzhu widened her eyes in shock, somewhat unable to understand.

In the next moment, the expression of the spatial Iron-eating Beast changed drastically.

“Roar, roar, roar!!!!!”

Looking at the little Iron-eating Beast walking over, it smashed its fists out in the air, and the spatial shock wave swallowed Eleven like a tsunami.

However, Eleven still resisted with its physical strength!!

To be precise, not all of it. This was because its physique was already a Skill. Under the Indestructible Golden Body, the damage caused was all converted into life and Resistance!

It gave Eleven the confidence to resist the big move.

“Impossible!” In the chaotic space, Ji Mengzhu found it difficult to understand when she saw that her pet’s attack couldn’t break through the defense at all.

In the blink of an eye, Eleven had already walked in front of his opponent. At this moment, Ji Mengzhu’s Iron-eating Beast was already panting from exhaustion and covered in sweat.

The attack just now could even flatten a mountain.

At this moment, the venue was indeed in a mess, but the opponent in front of him… was still unscathed!

The white Iron-eating Beast’s pupils constricted. It was difficult to accept!

Bang!!!

“Heh.” In front of it, Eleven took the Space Quake punch head-on and smiled.

“It’s our turn.” Shi Yu also smiled.

Rip!

In the next moment, a strong white electric arc appeared on Eleven’s entire arm and wrapped around it again and again, emitting a violent sound and shooting out dazzling lightning, like a lightning vambrace!