Chapter 1069 - 1069 Battle Of The Iron-Eating Beasts (5)

1069 Battle of the Iron-eating Beasts (5)

Lightning wrapped around Eleven’s arm. Just as it was about to smash the Palm at its opponent, to Shi Yu and the others’ surprise, the white Iron-eating Beast teleported into the distance in panic.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

It directly lost its target.

“Huh? (Instant Transmission?)” Eleven was surprised.

Shi Yu nodded. After all, it was an Iron-eating Beast that was evolving in the direction of the spatial element.

Wouldn’t it be a huge loss if he couldn’t master Instant Transmission?

But it was useless to know Instant Transmission.

“Thunder God Armor,” Shi Yu said.

Zizizizizizizi!!!

The order was given.

“Wuu!!”

Eleven roared, and black and white lightning seemed to shoot out of its mouth and eyes.

In an instant, the electric current on his arm flowed throughout his body!!

Rip!!

Surrounded by electric currents, Eleven’s black and white hair shone like a mini Chaos Panda form.

The hair looked fluffy, soft, and had a clear texture. He couldn’t help but want to pet it!

“Not good!!” Although it looked cute, Ji Mengzhu and the white Iron-eating Beast felt an even more dangerous aura!

Bang!!

At the same time that the ground was shattered by the lightning, Eleven shot out like a white blazing beam of light. Its figure had already appeared in front of its opponent, and during this period, countless gravel wrapped in electricity floated in the air!

Along the way, space was penetrated. Ji Mengzhu’s Iron-eating Beast roared and teleported into the distance again.

But white light followed closely!!!

Even under Ji Mengzhu’s temporary full-strength strengthening, the Iron-eating Beast only felt a light flash in front of its eyes. Then, it felt that the entire armor seemed to be about to be defeated. With a slight pain, it was directly sent flying. Its brain rumbled, and lightning shot out in front of its eyes.

Its teleportation reaction couldn’t keep up with the other party’s speed at all!

Dust surged!

Extreme lightning speed!!!

“Wuu!!!” After gently sending the enemy flying, Eleven stopped and bowed slightly~

The white Iron-eating Beast was still flying backward, wrapped in lightning. It was extremely shocked.

“Space…” Ji Mengzhu was shocked and immediately turned around. She couldn’t believe it. She couldn’t believe that she was directly crushed like this. At the same time, she suddenly recalled what Shi Yu had said at the start.

His Iron-eating Beast was a little ridiculously strong…

Initially, Ji Mengzhu didn’t understand, but now…

At this moment, the Iron-eating Beast ancestor and Ji Nai widened their eyes even more.

Even at this moment, after Ji Mengzhu’s Iron-eating Beast was insta-killed, the gravel Eleven stepped on had just landed piece by piece. Every landing sound… hit their hearts.

“There’s something wrong with this kid!!” the Iron-eating Beast ancestor said. It looked at the little Iron-eating Beast in horror and even felt a little afraid.

“Who exactly is he!!!” Although Ji Mengzhu’s Iron-eating Beast’s age cultivation level wasn’t very high, it still had the strength of a new top-notch overlord. How could it be so easy… Moreover, the other party didn’t use his Beast Taming Talent at all!

“Don’t worry, that attack just now controlled its strength and only sent it flying. It won’t even cause light injuries,” Shi Yu said. “I think there’s no need to continue fighting. Your Iron-eating Beast isn’t my Iron-eating Beast’s match.”

In the past half a year of bitter cultivation, as the proficiency of the super Skill increased, Eleven and the others’ control over their strength had improved a lot. They wouldn’t waste any extra physical strength at all. Most importantly, they wouldn’t accidentally destroy Shi Yu’s Beast Taming Space.

At this moment, as Shi Yu spoke, Ji Mengzhu’s Iron-eating Beast indeed stood up quickly with a roar. It wasn’t injured much, but at this moment, its state was very unstable. It looked at the Iron-eating Beast opposite it in horror and felt that it was invincible. It had completely lost its Warpath.

When she arrived beside the Iron-eating Beast, Ji Mengzhu suddenly turned around. Her chest trembled. She looked at Shi Yu again in disbelief and said, “Who exactly are you? Why are you so strong?”

This Iron-eating Beast reminded her of her father’s Iron-eating Beast.

An invincible overlord that could fight totems!

However, their tribe was clearly the strongest race to nurture iron-eating beasts. Even Emperor Wu needed the cultivation EXP of their race.

Shi Yu smiled and said, “Didn’t I say previously not to look at me like that… I’m really here to form an alliance.”

“Mengzhu.” At the same time, a beautiful woman in a black Han suit walked over step by step from afar. Shi Yu and the others had noticed her arrival just now, but they had been fighting previously and had no time to care.

“Mother.” When Ji Mengzhu saw Ji Nai holding the Iron-eating Beast, she immediately spoke with a complicated expression.

Shi Yu also observed Ji Mengzhu’s mother and felt a strange emotion. Ji Mengzhu’s mother was almost carved from the same mold as Ji Mengzhu. Her appearance was very similar. Compared to Senior Ji Mengzhu in the future, she was even more mature and elegant.

What was wrong with this clan? Why were they so similar?

“This is?” Ji Nai suppressed the confusion in her heart and asked Ji Mengzhu.

Ji Mengzhu was silent for a moment before looking at Shi Yu and saying, “Shi Yu, the legend Beast Tamer of Dong Huang who returned from the sea came this time to join the Dong Huang Army. Because he also contracted an Iron-eating Beast, I took the initiative to fight him.”

“I’ve already sent someone to inform His Majesty Emperor Wu… His Majesty Emperor Wu should arrive soon.”

“I see. Welcome. I’m Ji Mengzhu’s mother, Ji Nai.” When Ji Nai heard that, she immediately understood the cause and effect. However, she was more and more confused about Shi Yu. She was still puzzled about this young man’s background.

“Sorry to disturb you.” Shi Yu smiled and nodded.

“But as for His Majesty Emperor Wu…” Ji Nai looked at Ji Mengzhu and Shi Yu and said, “His Majesty Emperor Wu has been busy recently, so he might not be able to come over so quickly. Why don’t I find a place for Sir Shi Yu to stay in Wu Ling City first?”

Ji Nai felt that Shi Yu had a big secret, but perhaps only Emperor Wu could come into contact with him. Unfortunately, she knew that Emperor Wu was not in Dong Huang at the moment!

Before Ji Mengzhu’s father left, he had told her that Dong Huang would have a small-scale test against the Yun clan recently. Emperor Wu would also participate.

“Alright then.” Shi Yu was stunned before saying. However, at this moment, Shi Yu looked at Senior Ji Mengzhu. He kept feeling that the way she looked at him became more and more serious, as if she was very brooding over his loss.

Forget it, as long as he didn’t forget the evolution materials.

…

At the same time.

Yun Nation.

In an incomparably pitch-black dark space, the city-like totem king, Yun An, lay in the void, calmly absorbing the power of the meteor iron from outer space.

At this moment, spatial ripples flashed.

A black ape tore through space and headed here.

“Your Majesty Yun An, Dong Huang’s little tricks are increasing. They have already gathered an army at the border.”

Hu… Hu… Hu…

Yun An opened his eyes calmly and said, “Heh heh, Dong Huang, the army, not only that, but that human Beast Tamer who fought me once before also infiltrated our territory again.”

“He has the injuries I left on him. I won’t be wrong.”

“At the critical stage of increasing strength, I originally didn’t want to destroy this country so early, but from the looks of it, they can’t sit still anymore.”

“Your Majesty, what should we do next?” the black giant ape asked.

“Since the other party wants to test our foundation, let them test it.” Yun An’s eyes turned dark red as he laughed. “They actually dare to barge into my territory, so they have to pay the price.”

“That human named Wu Dong actually dared to leave his territory…”

“I’ve already sent a general to Dong Huang. Tell me, if that Wu Dong suddenly learns here that his hometown has been massacred into misery and suffering, I wonder what his expression will be.” Yun An smiled like thunder.

“And we’ll welcome the anger of these humans here.”

Dong Huang, Wu Ling City, the hometown of Emperor Wu. It wanted to teach this ungrateful human a lesson.

This place was different from the capital’s Imperial City. The defense power wouldn’t be too strict, but it was extraordinary for Emperor Wu. After destroying this place, Yun An felt that it was the best way to make Emperor Wu collapse.

Without Emperor Wu and the Iron-eating Beast General, there was only a pile of kittens and dogs left. How could they stop its Yun clan general with the strength of a top-notch totem?