Chapter 1060 - 1060 Attacking Demigod-Level Battle Power (5)

1060 Attacking demigod-level Battle Power (5)

At the moment, the super top-notch Skills of Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong, Susu, and Ling had all been added to the perfect proficiency by Shi Yu. This was the greatest gain.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Apart from quasi-divine skills that didn’t dare to add points, it could be said that their battle power had reached the pinnacle of the current overlord level.

During this period, Buggy accumulated a meteorite with the full power of a demigod-level attack through the power of faith. The nine meteorites with the full power of top-notch totems floated in the starry sky, ready to attack.

With the support of points, Susu still accumulated two Sea Cleansing Spirits that were enough to cleanse the negative power of a demigod. The two Sea Cleansing Spirits that were enough to cleanse the negative power of a top-notch totem had a rich foundation.

Ling even learned the creation method of forbidden weapons and created two “forbidden Arms” that were enough to kill top-notch totems. It stored them in its body and could be released at any time.

After half a year of hard work, apart from feeling a little regretful that he had yet to reach level eight, Shi Yu could finally confidently say that he had demigod-level battle power.

Although there might be a difference between this rich heritage and veteran Legendarys like Divine Source Legendary and Legendary Z who had divine forbidden weapons, Shi Yu felt that it shouldn’t be a big problem to heavily injure weaker demigods like the Heavenly Sword demigod.

Even Yun An, who had two demigod-level cleansing moves, wasn’t very strong. He felt that with all of them together, he definitely had the qualifications to fight at 55%.

As for the second team, although Little Ji and Duckie’s skills weren’t as exaggerated as the first team’s, they had also reached a normal level and had the battle power of invincible overlords. As for Little Purple, because time was too tight, Shi Yu didn’t add much points to nurture it. At the moment, it had only reached the monarch level.

After adding points to the entire team for half a year, he was almost going to become a time management Master and a person.

At the moment, Shi Yu did not plan to continue adding points. Although Little Ji, Duckie, and Little Zi still had room to improve, Shi Yu could not sit still after holding it in for half a year.

This time, he was confident because he had already achieved all the goals he had set at the start.

He had the battle power to fight against a demigod.

And… Qi had awakened space-time travel.

In the beginning, Qi judged that it would take at least a year to awaken spatial travel through the power of the dragon vein.

However, with the help of Shi Yu’s additional points, this time was fortunately shortened by half.

In just half a year, Qi revived the Space-time Travel Skill.

At that moment, Shi Yu and the others were surrounding each other and studying the Space-time Travel Skill with Qi.

“Can we experiment now?”

“The current power can only support transmigration within 5,000 years. Moreover, the quasi-divine skill stage can’t lead to a stable future with spatial laws. It can only transmigrate to the past with incomplete spatial laws?”

In the face of Shi Yu’s question, Qi, who had already shrunk to the size of a palm, nodded.

“Think about where you’re going.” Shi Yu asked for everyone’s opinion.

“Mimi! (Emperor Shi, Emperor Shi!)” Chi Tong wanted to see Mu Huiyin.

“Ning! (Emperor Wu! Emperor Wu!)” Susu stabbed Chi Tong in the back.

Shi Yu’s pets shouted one by one.

At the moment, Shi Yu and the others were like bachelors who had been holding back for decades. When they saw beautiful girls, they were especially novel and excited.

Qi’s Space-time Travel Skill undoubtedly satisfied their novelty.

“Emperor Wu,” Shi Yu said to Chi Tong. “The minority obeys the majority. When we go to Emperor Shi Dynasty, we definitely have to call the Dragon Mother. Let’s return to Emperor Wu Dynasty to take a look first.”

“Go find Eleven’s inscription materials that don’t exist in the modern era.”

“Mi.” Chi Tong nodded. That made sense. Alright then!

“But, but!!” Qi said. “Space-time travel is still at the quasi-divine skill stage after all. After confirming the space-time coordinates, there might be a certain year of error, but… it shouldn’t be very big! Of course, it’s not a problem to return. I’ve already left a mark here.”

“Moreover, apart from me, the longer everyone stays in other spaces, the more they will be rejected by space and time, so they can’t stay for a long time. But… but now that we’ve contracted, maybe we can,” Qi said.

“Come on, don’t care so much. As long as we can come back,” Shi Yu said. “Ling, prepare some automatic mail to reply to people first.”

“Yes ~” Rubik’s Cube Ling said quickly.

“Then…” Qi couldn’t help but rub its face. It was also excited. It had finally recovered its strength. It also wanted to use it quickly.

Under the urging of Shi Yu and the others, soon, a pink and white light that enveloped Shi Yu and the others flickered first before calming down.

….

In the past space.

Dong Huang Calendar, year 548.

548 years ago, the human Legendary Beast Tamer, Emperor Shi, who rose like a star, expelled the totem clans and established a unified dynasty in the east, Dong Huang.

However, the newly established Dong Huang Dynasty didn’t last for decades before it went into chaos because of Emperor Shi’s disappearance.

However, although the Dong Huang Dynasty was extremely chaotic because of Emperor Shi’s disappearance, the expelled totem clans were also heavily injured in the previous totem battle.

The collapse of the Dong Huang Dynasty wasn’t that fast.

However, without the birth of a new Legendary Beast Tamer and carrying the banner, the titled legend of the Dong Huang Dynasty alone was no longer enough to occupy the rich resources in the east.

Therefore, after the totem clans recuperated, a new round of totem battles immediately erupted.

Dong Huang collapsed and disintegrated, entering an era where heroes were divided.

After that, the Eastern Land returned to its previous chaos. However, Emperor Shi’s merits and the short peace brought by the Dong Huang Dynasty were always remembered by future generations.

Countless human Beast Tamers took it upon themselves to restore their country.

Until 500 years later, a new Legendary Beast Tamer was born in the human race.

He had a top-notch Fusion Talent and used the four holy beasts as a template to nurture pets, rising with a shocking speed.

After becoming a Legendary, he immediately killed the strongest totem king who occupied the Eastern Continent at that time, the demigod, the Heaven Eating Tiger.

Then, he even killed nine totems in a row and announced the end of the totem war with shocking battle results.

After this battle, a large number of totem clans withdrew from the Eastern Continent again. Legendary Beast Tamer Wu Dong called himself Emperor Wu and established the Dong Huang Dynasty again.

The entire east welcomed a short peace again.

However, this peace didn’t last long. The revival of the strongest creature three thousand years ago, Yun An, and the birth and rise of the Yun Race made Emperor Wu Dynasty and Dong Huang Dynasty fall into a state of internal and external trouble again.

On the chaotic and lonely sea.

Figures appeared out of thin air on this Desolate Island under the dark sky with the pink and white spatial light.

“Success?”

An excited male voice came from the group. “No signal!! Looks like it worked!!”

“Yes, yes, yes, I’m back!” A little elf in pink and white flew in the air and nodded happily.

Great.

Strength returned.

“What era is this?” Shi Yu stood on the black ground and looked at the chaotic sea. For a moment, he couldn’t tell.

“Has Emperor Wu Dynasty been established? Has it started to come into contact with the Yun clan?”

“Wuuu!! (Fight!)” Eleven climbed onto Shi Yu’s shoulder.

Let’s go, let’s go to Emperor Wu Dynasty and get the remaining inscription materials.

It wanted to be a ten inscription panda!

“Roar. (Then I’ll reluctantly fight Emperor Wu’s Green Dragon.)” Buggy said.

“Yi. (I want to fight Zhong Xuan!)” Baby Ginseng said.

“I don’t know. Let’s return to the Dong Huang Continent first,” Ling said. “We’ll know when we get there.”

“Alright.” Shi Yu nodded.

“I hope I can meet Emperor Wu. He has a top-notch Fusion Talent. We also have a few of us. Wouldn’t it be wonderful to fight?” At the moment, Shi Yu, who had demigod battle power, urgently needed an opponent.

Of course, this was not his most important goal. His most important goal was to deal with Emperor Wu. Just the iron-eating beast evolution materials were not enough. Shi Yu also wanted the development EXP of Emperor Wu’s top-notch Fusion Talent…!

“Master, I advise you to be kind…” Ling looked worried.

It was not a problem for it to fight Emperor Wu, but the problem was that when everyone fused into a mecha, the one who would be beaten up would be it, Ling! It had just finished its bitter cultivation and stepped into the threshold of the demigod/legendary level, and it was here to challenge the number one ruthless person in history. Was it serious?