Chapter 1063 - 1063 Transmigrating To The Emperor Wu Era (3)

1063 Transmigrating to the Emperor Wu Era (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

A pink-haired little person?

How was this possible? How could there be a palm-sized person!

“Who exactly are you!” Guo Yan immediately acted as if he was facing a great enemy and became nervous. Although he was once a Beast Tamer, his Beast Taming Space had already shattered during combat. He had barely survived the disaster and survived. It was already impossible for him to become a Beast Tamer again. He could only teach the children.

If there were really suspicious people, he couldn’t deal with them.

“She’s an elf from the Tingxiang area, on the other side of the sea.” Shi Yu smiled and said, “I just said that I’m an orthodox Dong Huang person. It’s just that I left my hometown to train in my early years and only returned recently. Don’t worry, Instructor Guo. We’re not bad people. We just want to ask, what year is the Wu calendar now?”

“The sixth year,” Instructor Guo said after a moment of silence.

“The sixth year? Is Dong Huang still recruiting soldiers? We’re actually here for this.”

“You’re here to participate in the national conscription??” Guo Yan had lived for most of his life and had never seen such a strange combination. Tingxiang? Sprite? He didn’t know what that was, but he finally understood that the young master in front of him might be an expert.

“You didn’t come back from the sea on the snow mountain, right?” Instructor Guo Yan was shocked.

Shi Yu smiled.

“This” Guo Yan was shocked. That snow mountain was a dangerous place that even the generals of the Dong Huang Army couldn’t conquer. This young man could actually travel through it, and he returned from the sea further away?

As for the national recruitment Shi Yu mentioned

After the Dong Huang Dynasty was established, Emperor Wu immediately promoted his subordinates who followed him into battle, such as the general of the Iron-eating Beast Tribe.

However, during the totem war, Emperor Wu’s group was actually only a portion of the factions that resisted the totems. Apart from that, there were also many human factions.

At that time, after terminating most of the totems and snatching back the Ancient Capital to establish the country, the first thing Emperor Wu did was to recruit the human factions and civilian organizations elsewhere in the Dong Huang Continent.

Then, after Dong Huang completely stabilized, Emperor Wu issued a new policy, National Conscription!!

Emperor Wu knew that there were still many capable people hidden everywhere in the east. They weren’t used to it and didn’t like to join the officials. They were used to being idle, but at the moment, they had to fight for these people. Emperor Wu understood that there would definitely be a battle between Dong Huang and the Yun clan in the future.

If these hidden experts were only active in the common people, it would be too much of a pity and a waste. Apart from that, there were also some descendants of large families and experts from local factions They were all targets worth roping in. Therefore, this time, Emperor Wu promised to heavily benefit and recruit soldiers in the country.

As long as one was strong enough, it was not a problem to immediately be promoted to general. If one’s strength was outstanding, they would be rewarded with Legendary resources.

It could be said that this national conscription was the most sensational event in Dong Huang recently.

Countless experts were indeed attracted by the generous conditions of Dong Huang’s national recruitment. There were even hidden legends who appeared.

If Shi Yu was here for this, Instructor Guo would understand What understanding? How could he transmigrate the snow mountain and sea at such a young age!!

“Sort of,” Shi Yu said with a smile.

The 6th year of Dong Huang should be the year when Emperor Wu Dynasty and Yun An had just come into contact.

During this period, although Emperor Wu could already kill demigods and reach the legendary level, his battle power had yet to reach the peak. It seemed that he couldn’t fuse nine pets yet, and the Iron-eating Beast had yet to be cultivated to its strongest state.

It would probably be difficult for the current Emperor Wu to suppress Yun An.

The confrontation between Dong Huang and the Yun An faction lasted for more than ten years before the strongest experts of both parties finally perished together.

It could be said that there was still a period of time before Emperor Wu could grow to the peak.

It had actually come to this period

The most representative historical event of this period was that the newly established Emperor Wu Dynasty had already started a small-scale conflict with the Yun clan. Emperor Wu might have also met Yun An.

Emperor Wu, who knew the threat of the Yun clan, started the first national recruitment for the future of Dong Huang!

It was easy to tell which stage it was. Shi Yu smiled and thought for a moment. He planned to take the initiative to expose his legend strength through participating in the world’s recruitment and attract Emperor Wu to come out and see him. From there, he would obtain the resources of this era and directly barge into the palace to meet Emperor Wu. It was a little rude. He was afraid that he would scare Emperor Wu.

“If you” At this moment, although Guo Yan was still puzzled, seeing that Shi Yu was an expert who wanted to participate in the national recruitment, he planned to tell Shi Yu the few recruitment venues of Dong Huang. The level of Snow City was not high enough and they were not qualified to recruit.

This was because the weakest recruitment was at least at the master level. At the moment, there were only ten recruitment sites in the country.

Among them the nearest place Could it be

“Eh, where is he?” Instructor Guo Yan looked at the empty ancient tree in front of him and was stunned.

Four symbols were drawn on the snow pile on the ground.

3Q, 88. (Thank you, Bye Bye.)

The middle-aged man: “?”

….

Soon after.

Wu Ling City.

This city was Emperor Wu’s hometown.

It was currently the most famous city apart from the Ancient Capital.

At the same time, it was also one of the places for recruitment in Dong Huang.

After making the decision, Shi Yu directly came over. He planned to participate in the national recruitment here to attract Emperor Wu. The reason was simple.