Chapter 1061 - 1061 Transmigrating To The Emperor Wu Era (1)

1061 Transmigrating to the Emperor Wu Era (1)

In the past, in the era of Emperor Wu, in the Infinite Sea Region, on Spacetime Island.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The waves collided, and Gust roared. Under the gloomy sky, Shi Yu and the others stood on the cliff and looked into the distance.

Upon arriving at an unfamiliar environment, Shi Yu subconsciously felt happy and stretched.

They wanted to fight quickly.

“Let’s join forces with Emperor Wu and destroy the Yun clan before returning,” Shi Yu said.

Yun An of this space and time was cowardly. According to what Shi Yu knew, Yun An of the Emperor Wu Era was not that cowardly.

They had all established their countries outside the Dong Huang Dynasty and formed a confrontation with Dong Huang.

If he didn’t use it to practice first, Shi Yu felt that he had let down his transmigration.

Emperor Wu was the main damage dealer, and he was the support. He couldn’t lose, right?

As for the reward, the meteorite fragment was enough.

“Snatch all the resources of the Yun Race! ~” Qi raised his arms and said, “I’m so looking forward to it.”

“This is the first time I’m doing this.”

Shi Yu scratched his cheek and said, “I didn’t expect that I would experience what the Space Worm Race and the Abyss Race wanted to do. Hehe…”

Qi: “Hmph, I’ll help Shi Yu and the others become stronger. When the time comes, I’ll kill them.”

Qi was still holding a grudge.

According to Qi, in the Mythical Era, be it the Space Worm or the Abyss Race, they were very eager to snatch Qi.

It was called the most valuable resource on Blue Planet, even more precious than Blue Planet itself.

The reason was that Qi had mastered the spatial travel law that was very rare even in the entire universe.

Space-time Travel was indeed rare. Shi Yu had tried it. Even if he replicated the Space-time Travel Skill, like the time-element ginseng baby, he couldn’t learn it at all. The compatibility wasn’t enough.

According to the desire of the Space Worm and the Abyss Race at that time, there might not be many like Qi in the entire universe.

Life forms who had mastered the law of space-time travel could transmigrate time and parallel space according to the strength of their abilities.

The resources of the universe were limited, even in the starry sky universe.

However, if one could transmigrate through space and time, they could have almost unlimited resources.

At that time, both the Space Worm and the Abyss Race hoped to obtain the Time Sprite and nurture it stronger to the point where it could transmigrate with a divine level.

Since ancient times, there had been many such records.

It was said that the reason why there were many parallel universes with different historical developments in this universe was because life forms who had mastered the laws of space and time transmigrated.

And as long as a life form grew up under the training of spatial travel, it could undoubtedly become the strongest in the universe, because he enjoyed endless resources.

For example, Shi Yu had come to the ancient space and time to plunder the iron-eating beast’s evolution resources…

Of course, it might be because of this unscientific ability that a life form that had mastered the laws of space and time would be weaker the higher the proficiency of space and time travel.

“Hu, I keep feeling that we’re committing a crime,” Shi Yu said.

“Alright, Buggy, you shouldn’t have any meteorites in this space and time, right? Start condensing now, in case of emergencies.”

“Roar!!!” The green dragon, which was a few centimeters tall, nodded.

In the era of Emperor Wu… there was also the power of faith of the Green Dragon, so faith skills could still be used.

It was its inventory in this space-time that couldn’t bring this space-time.

On the other hand, because Susu’s Sea Cleansing Spirit was stored in its body and not the outside world, it was brought over.

“Wu wu wu!! (Let’s go!)” Eleven was eager to try and couldn’t wait anymore.

The nine inscription Skills of the Iron-eating Beast were all pretty good. They were all tailor-made for the Iron-eating Beast.

Eleven felt that after it obtained it, its battle power would definitely increase greatly and it could take revenge!!

Revenge for the team internal competition!!

Before Shi Yu and the others cultivated hard, they organized the third team competition.

The champion of the team internal competition this time was Chi Tong.

The saddest were Baby Ginseng and Susu.

They felt that this team internal competition was targeting them!

In the first team internal competition, in a normal battle, self-destruction was forbidden. Eleven won.

In the second team internal competition, a new equipment system was added. Self-destruction was forbidden, and Buggy successfully stole it!

In the third team internal competition, Shi Yu directly banned all the quasi-divine skills, the faith skill Dragon Star Group, the Sea Cleansing Spirit, and self-destruction. He felt that there was no need to waste so much effort in the team internal competition, so he added a new partner system.

Pets with possession and loading types could possess Shi Yu to fight. This way, Chi Tong’s status after the divine level evolution would directly increase in a straight line.

Therefore, in this team internal competition, Chi Tong was first, Eleven was second, Buggy was third, Ling was fourth, Baby Ginseng was fifth, and Susu was sixth.

It directly shut Baby Ginseng and Susu up.

Baby Ginseng didn’t expect that not only did its ranking not advance, but it was also at the bottom.

Susu was also depressed. It didn’t expect that after Ling joined the team, it was still at the bottom.

Under the strong request of the crying Susu, Shi Yu agreed. Soon, there would definitely be an internal team competition in the ocean venue. Only then would Susu be satisfied…

…

The territory of the Dong Huang Dynasty in the Emperor Wu Era was a little smaller than the Dong Huang in the future, but not much smaller.

For example, in the future, most of the nine first-level cities were still in Dong Huang’s territory.

As for the capital of the Emperor Wu Dynasty, it naturally continued the Emperor Shi Dynasty and was located in Ancient Capital City.

That was where Shi Yu went to school.

After Shi Yu decided to set off, he retracted most of his pets, leaving Buggy and Qi beside him.

Buggy was a transportation tool, and Qi was a space-time guide to prevent any accidents from happening.