Chapter 1066 - 1066 Battle Of The Iron-Eating Beasts (2)

1066 Battle of the Iron-eating Beasts (2)

“Moreover… I mainly want to see the legendary Beast Tamer, His Majesty Emperor Wu.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“I wonder, Miss Ji, can you introduce me?”

Ji Mengzhu’s expression turned cold. She didn’t expect Shi Yu to know about the Yun clan. Moreover, this person spoke strangely.

Cozying up to him?

How could he say that? It felt very frivolous!

Forget it… Geniuses were always strange and that was very normal. Perhaps it was the culture of other areas.

“I understand.” Ji Mengzhu nodded and said, “However, you’re really very powerful. You’ve reached the Legendary level at this age… I think His Majesty Emperor Wu will be very happy. He’ll definitely come to see you personally.”

The last legend came to participate in the national recruitment, and Emperor Wu took it very seriously. He personally came to the other party’s place and chatted all night.

“As for you wanting to join the Dong Huang Army… If you’re below the legend level, I can make a decision. However, you’re a legend. I’m afraid you need His Majesty Emperor Wu to personally assess you.”

“If I can obtain the recognition of Emperor Wu, even you can become a general and lead an army, it’s not impossible.”

“I’ll send someone to contact His Majesty Emperor Wu. As for you, Sir Shi Yu, why don’t you rest in Wu Ling City first?” Ji Mengzhu said with a smile.

Shi Yu nodded and said, “Alright.”

“I actually have another question,” Ji Mengzhu said. “You… why don’t you go to Imperial City directly?”

“That should be able to see Sir Emperor Wu faster, right?”

Imperial City was the Ancient Capital of the future, the core capital of the Dong Huang Dynasty. Now, there was still the Dragon Vein of Luck of the Dong Huang Continent here. It had always been a place to fight for the throne. It was only in the modern era that the Dragon Vein of Luck dried up, so Dong Huang moved the capital.

Shi Yu smiled and said, “Wu Ling City is relatively close to me. Also… if I want to be a general, I’m the most interested in the Iron-eating Beast Corps.”

Ji Mengzhu smiled and said, “Are you also interested in iron-eating beasts?”

“To be precise, I’m interested in the evolution materials of the Iron-eating Beast. When I join the Dong Huang Army, I should be able to choose whatever I want.” Shi Yu smiled. “My Iron-eating Beast happens to be lacking a few evolution materials.”

“Uh.” Ji Mengzhu couldn’t react for a moment.

Then, her beautiful eyes widened. “You also contracted an Iron-eating Beast?”

“Yes.” Shi Yu nodded.

She said, “I see. No wonder you came to Wu Ling City.”

“Interesting, Shi Yu, right? Before His Majesty Emperor Wu arrives, are you interested in fighting me in a simple battle first?”

“It looks like you’re not completely ignorant about Dong Huang at all. Then you should know who I am, right?”

Shi Yu smiled and said, “Of course I know.”

“The daughter of the strongest general under Emperor Wu, the legend Beast Tamer Ji Mengzhu. I’ve heard so much about you.”

Ji Mengzhu smiled and said, “In that case, an Iron-eating Beast battle? Let me see your Iron-eating Beast.”

“After the battle, His Majesty Emperor Wu should have received the news.”

Out of curiosity about Shi Yu, she wanted to learn from him first.

“Sure, but my Iron-eating Beast is a little ridiculously strong. Do you really want to fight me…” Shi Yu said seriously.

“You mean the overlord level? This is a small problem. We can fight in the mystic realm,” Ji Mengzhu said.

She didn’t care about Shi Yu’s Iron-eating Beast level because she had cultivated Iron-eating Beasts of all levels and attributes.

She wanted to test Shi Yu’s strength for Emperor Wu first.

“Or do you think I’m not your match?” Ji Mengzhu smiled and said, “If you can defeat me and really join the Dong Huang Army later, I’ll cover all the evolution materials of your Iron-eating Beast. How about that?”

Shi Yu was stunned and shook his head helplessly. “Forget it, since Miss Ji says so… Let’s fight and see.”

….

The ruins of Emperor Wu in the future, the current Iron-eating Beast Corps’ training mystic realm.

In the mystic realm, many Iron-eating Beast cubs and Iron-eating Beast Corps recruits were undergoing special training.

They were only fresh blood. At this stage, the Iron-eating Beast Corps that could be thrown into battle were all guarding the border.

After Ji Mengzhu sent someone to inform Emperor Wu, she brought Shi Yu to the training mystic realm.

Just as Shi Yu entered, his heart skipped a beat. He sensed a totem-level life fluctuation that existed in the mystic realm.

[Zhong Xuan? No, not Zhong Xuan.]

Shi Yu originally thought that the big turtle, Zhong Xuan, was not beside Emperor Wu, but here. However, soon, he sensed that it didn’t look like Zhong Xuan, but another totem.

Emperor Wu’s hometown… was indeed guarded by totem-level life forms.

Shi Yu sighed.

At the same time.

In the depths of the mystic realm space, as Shi Yu and Ji Mengzhu entered the mystic realm, a huge Iron-eating Beast sitting on the ground and eating metal suddenly turned around.

It spied on the entire mystic realm.

“Roar??” It revealed a puzzled expression when it saw Ji Mengzhu bring an unfamiliar and handsome young man into the mystic realm.

It was the guardian of the Iron-eating Beast Tribe, the Iron-eating Beast God.

In this era, it was the first totem-level Iron-eating Beast.

Ji Mengzhu’s father’s trump card Iron-eating Beast was only its descendant.

Although Emperor Wu’s Iron-eating Beast had surpassed its master, it was only its junior.

As such a guardian, its status in the Iron-eating Beast Tribe was naturally very high in the Iron-eating Beast Corps.

After relying on Emperor Wu Dynasty, which provided food and accommodation, its status in Dong Huang was naturally very high. It was the guardian of the country.

At the same time, it had watched Ji Mengzhu grow up.

Seeing Ji Mengzhu pull an unfamiliar man with terrifying strength into the mystic realm, the Iron-eating Beast’s eyes turned cold and gradually became sharp.