Chapter 1067 - 1067 Battle Of The Iron-Eating Beasts (3)

1067 Battle of the Iron-eating Beasts (3)

Life forms with too low a level might not be able to tell, but it could clearly sense that the man who followed Ji Mengzhu in was incomparably terrifying. His body contained shocking power, and he was not inferior to Emperor Wu.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Who is this? Why is he like a humanoid ferocious beast?”

As he observed them, the Iron-eating Beast God called Ji Mengzhu’s mother.

“Ji Nai, your daughter brought an unfamiliar man into the mystic realm. The other party is so strange. Do you know him?”

In an office building in the Iron-eating Beast Training Mystic Realm, Ji Mengzhu’s mother, Ji Nai, was handling the needs documents of the Iron-eating Beast Corps when the Iron-eating Beast God’s voice suddenly appeared in her ear.

“Mengzhu?” The beautiful woman put down the brush in her hand and looked at the Void. “Ancestor, what happened?”

“Eh?? So they want to fight.” The Iron-eating Beast God’s surprised voice sounded.

“Forget it, teleport me over. I happened to have something to talk to Mengzhu about and asked her to get some documents. In the end, they haven’t been sent over yet.” Ji Nai revealed a helpless expression.

After bringing Shi Yu into the mystic realm, Ji Mengzhu brought him straight to the Duel Arena.

Shi Yu was actually not unfamiliar with this place. After all, in the modern era, he had been trapped here for a few months.

At that moment, there was no one in the Duel Arena. After Ji Mengzhu walked to the side, she looked at Shi Yu and said, “This is the place. It’s enough to withstand an overlord-level battle. Are you ready?”

Shi Yu said, “I can do it anytime.”

When the two of them faced each other in the Duel Arena, Ji Mengzhu’s mother was also teleported nearby by the Iron-eating Beast ancestor. Obviously, this totem-level Iron-eating Beast also had the authority to manage a portion of the ruins.

“This…”

“This…”

At this moment, be it the beautiful woman in a black Han suit who had just arrived or the Iron-eating Beast ancestor who was secretly observing the situation of the Duel Arena, they were all stunned.

That was because Ji Mengzhu and Shi Yu had already started to summon pets.

Two huge black summoning arrays appeared in front of them!!

Ji Nai naturally knew Ji Mengzhu’s level, but who was this young man who was about to fight Ji Mengzhu??

She looked at Shi Yu’s young face and could clearly determine that Shi Yu was definitely younger than Ji Mengzhu, but he was actually also at the Legend level?

Just as the Iron-eating Beast ancestor had said, who was this young man Ji Mengzhu brought back? Where did he come from? Did Dong Huang have such a young talent?

“Look!” the Iron-eating Beast ancestor said. Then, their expressions became even more serious.

“Roar!!!” On Ji Mengzhu’s side, she summoned an overlord-level Iron-eating Beast.

It was an Iron-eating Beast in pure white armor. To be precise, it was a royal Nine Li Battle Beast.

It had clearly undergone many evolutions.

Moreover, like Shi Yu’s Eleven, because it was a royal, it obtained a second Stats after evolution.

If Shi Yu’s Iron-eating Beast in black and silver armor had a new lightning attribute in its second Stats, it would be a metal and lightning dual-element Iron-eating Beast.

Then this one…

It was a metal and spatial Iron-eating Beast.

Shi Yu could clearly sense that when this Iron-eating Beast appeared, the surrounding space rippled. This situation was similar to when he faced the overlord-level Void Mantis.

“A royal Iron-eating Beast cultivated in the direction of the spatial element?” Shi Yu said. “But from the looks of it, it hasn’t evolved through the meteorite fragment.”

At this stage, Ji Mengzhu was still in the high-speed growth stage. Her strength had yet to reach the peak. The energy value of this Iron-eating Beast was only 69 million, on the same level as Little Ji and the others, or even lower.

However, it was not bad. At least, it was stronger than a legend like legend Hua.

“An expert.” Ji Mengzhu was surprised. This Shi Yu actually knew so much information about iron-eating beasts.

No wonder… No wonder Shi Yu wanted to deal with the Yun Race.

Perhaps he had also targeted the meteorite fragment.

Their Iron-eating Beast Tribe had been passed down to 3,000 years ago. From that time, they knew that the meteorite fragment could strengthen Iron-eating Beasts.

Therefore, when Yun An revived and the Yun clan returned, Madam Ji immediately explained the value of Yun An to Emperor Wu.

Apart from the fact that Yun An was a huge threat, Yun An was also a material comparable to a divine-level resource that could allow the Iron-eating Beast to evolve transcendent. This was also why Dong Huang attached special importance to the Yun Race.

At the same time, Shi Yu’s Iron-eating Beast also appeared on the summoning array.

Ji Mengzhu was very surprised that Shi Yu knew so much about the Iron-eating Beast. Therefore, she subconsciously judged that Shi Yu’s Iron-eating Beast was definitely not weak.

She just didn’t know how far it had been cultivated.

In the next moment, Shi Yu’s Iron-eating Beast, Eleven, slowly appeared.

Rip.

Accompanied by a black and white electric arc, a one-meter-tall small Iron-eating Beast stood on the summoning array with its arms crossed, looking at the giant panda opposite with a burning gaze.

“Wuu!!!” Eleven shouted. Let’s go!

“Roar!!!” Ji Mengzhu’s Iron-eating Beast’s expression turned cold. It also roared, and huge sweat flowed down its forehead.

Although Eleven maintained a restrained state, Ji Mengzhu’s Iron-eating Beast instantly panicked after looking at each other. It had an indescribable feeling.

“Lightning… Moreover, black and white lightning… Could that black lightning be…” At this moment, Ji Mengzhu’s expression immediately changed when she saw the black lightning lingering around Eleven.

She thought of a possibility.

She looked at the smiling Shi Yu opposite her in disbelief.

Although Eleven was still in its restrained form, the feeling this Iron-eating Beast gave them was similar to their father’s Demon God Iron-eating Beast that had already evolved again. They both had a special pressure.