Chapter 1070 - 1070 Report The Yun Race For Feeding (1)

1070 Report the Yun Race for Feeding (1)

Iron-eating Beast Training Mystic Realm.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Shi Yu was still standing quietly on the arena.

Little Eleven was not taken back. Instead, it gradually shrank and crawled back to Shi Yu’s shoulder.

The Iron-eating Beast just now clearly couldn’t satisfy it.

It didn’t lack powerful opponents. Buggy, Chi Tong, and the others were all very strong. However, it was more fun to fight against their own race.

It wanted to be the strongest Iron-eating Beast!

Modern Iron-eating Beasts were all too weak, but in ancient times, there were many targets Eleven could challenge.

Therefore, Eleven looked at the Void again.

From the moment Shi Yu and the others entered, they sensed that there was another totem in this ruins mystic realm.

And now, Eleven was almost certain that the totem was the Iron-eating Beast!

When the space was slightly shattered just now, the other party’s aura revealed more.

“Wuu ~” Eleven cried into the sky.

Shi Yu touched its head and smiled at Ji Mengzhu and Ji Nai.

“I can wait for His Majesty Emperor Wu.”

“By the way, I’ve been very curious just now.”

“There should be a totem living in this mystic realm, right?” Shi Yu said. “Moreover, it’s also an Iron-eating Beast.”

In the alternate space, the Iron-eating Beast ancestor was stunned. Did it sense him?

“Huh?” Ji Mengzhu and Ji Nai were also stunned. They didn’t expect Shi Yu to suddenly mention this.

At this moment, before they could answer, the Void was torn apart.

A two-meter-tall panda holding a green-gold bamboo and nibbling as it walked over casually.

It maintained the form of an ordinary Normal Iron-eating Beast and should be in a restrained state.

“Ancestor.” Seeing this sloppy giant panda, Ji Mengzhu called out.

“Wuu,” the giant panda replied as it looked at Shi Yu.

“You can sense my existence?” The Iron-eating Beast ancestor narrowed its eyes and also looked at Eleven on Shi Yu’s shoulder.

“Does it have a special Beast Taming Talent?”

It was indeed not simple.

As a part of the authority of this ruin, it was like a god in this ruin.

In this situation, Shi Yu and the others could actually discover their existence and determine their race.

“Sort of.”

“My main job is actually an archeologist. I have the talent to listen to history and often explore ruins mystic realms. I can roughly understand the situation of the ruins mystic realm space with a glance.” Shi Yu smiled.

In fact, it was all thanks to the three divine-level resources, his physical control talent, and the feedback of Ling and the others that Shi Yu’s perception ability was comparable to the totem level.

“Archeologist??” The Iron-eating Beast ancestor was stunned.

“Tomb raider?”

What tomb raider! Beside him, Ji Mengzhu was speechless.

However… listening to history… that special branch talent of the telepathy talent?

Ji Mengzhu looked at Shi Yu in confusion.

As one of the best second-generation heirs of Dong Huang, she naturally had some understanding of this talent. She didn’t expect that the person who defeated her was actually a telepathy talent, not a battle-type talent…

Shi Yu smiled. “There are some subtle differences…”

“By the way, you shouldn’t be a contracted battle beast of Emperor Wu, right?”

“I heard that His Majesty Emperor Wu’s Iron-eating Beast has already stepped into the totem level. I thought it was here, but from the looks of it, it doesn’t seem like it…” Shi Yu said.

He had heard Ji Mengzhu’s greeting just now.

Iron-eating Beast Ancestor.

So that was the case.

It should be the guardian of the Iron-eating Beast Tribe.

In the future, in Ji Mengzhu’s description, this guardian died in a Yun clan invasion battle at the early stages of Emperor Wu Dynasty, so its presence was not very high.

It looked like the other party was still alive at this time.

Wait a minute, why did he remember that the period when the Iron-eating Beast ancestor died in battle was this year?

“Ancestor isn’t the contracted target of His Majesty Emperor Wu. It’s the guardian of the Iron-eating Beast Corps and the Dong Huang Dynasty,” Ji Mengzhu said.

“Hmph, that kid, Emperor Wu.” The Iron-eating Beast ancestor cursed in its heart.

Back then, when Emperor Wu stepped into the legendary level, he lacked a ninth pet and took a fancy to the Iron-eating Beast.

Initially, as a totem level, it recommended itself. It thought that although it was a totem, it wouldn’t be a loss to follow a legendary Beast Tamer.

However, Emperor Wu didn’t fancy it! He found it old!

In the end, he had paid the wrong price.

At the mention of Emperor Wu, it was angry. Sigh, it was old… It had no potential…

“I understand.” Shi Yu nodded.

“Sigh.” The Iron-eating Beast ancestor still stared at Shi Yu and Eleven.

“I saw the battle just now. You guys are very strong. You actually beat this girl up so easily,” the Iron-eating Beast ancestor said.

Ji Mengzhu: “?”

“Wuu!! (Ancestor, do you want to spar too!!)” Eleven greeted the Iron-eating Beast Ancestor.

Although it wasn’t Emperor Wu’s Iron-eating Beast, it seemed to be a super expert of the Iron-eating Beast race…

Although the restrained state looked like an ordinary totem level, with the powerful accompanying moves of the Iron-eating Beast race… it wasn’t impossible to erupt with top-notch totem battle power?

Iron-eating Beast Ancestor: “?”

It looked at the eager Eleven and fell silent.

Fight my ass!

At its age, it didn’t want to waste its energy in such an unnecessary battle.

Compared to Elemental, Undead, and Dragon life forms, even if the Iron-eating Beast reached the totem level, its lifespan was not very high.

In addition, many Skills injured the body, so the Iron-eating Beast ancestor immediately entered a retirement life after the totem battle.