Chapter 1079 - 1079 Poor And Helpless Yun An (2)

1079 Poor and Helpless Yun An (2)

Ji Mengzhu: “?”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The Black Meteorite Yak and the Black Ram weren’t spatial. Moreover, the battle venue wasn’t in the city. Although he had his own people there, they were all in very safe domains. Shi Yu felt that apart from the undead, he could finally have some additional gains.

“What do you want to do…” Ji Mengzhu said in confusion.

“Kill them like how you killed the Black Space Divine Dragon just now?”

“No.” Shi Yu shook his head.

“Just now, my sword spirit used a quasi-divine skill. Both of us consumed a lot of energy. Under normal circumstances, it’s not suitable to carry out high-intensity battles for a few days.”

“Leave it to other pets to settle,” Shi Yu said.

“Buggy, you settle it. Chi Tong, harvest and carry out the final attack. Ling, remember to give Buggy a buff.”

Chi Tong’s Immortal Slaying Sword Formation was invincible against one person, and it could control the attack in a domain. The aftermath was not big, but the power was too great, and it was easy to shatter the enemy. Moreover, the attack just now had indeed greatly exhausted his and Chi Tong’s strength. They still needed to recover for a while. Next, he would only leave the last saber to Chi Tong and let it imprison the undead.

It was the same for other pets to defeat the Black Meteorite Yak and the Black Ram.

However, he couldn’t use quasi-divine skills to fight.

Chi Tong and the others’ quasi-divine skills were all in the entry stage, and their strength control was not very good.

Therefore, it was better to use other skills with high proficiency so that he could control his strength to the greatest extent… As for power, with the enhancement of Ling’s transcendent nine-colored divine light, it was definitely not weak.

“Other pets…”

The corners of Ji Mengzhu’s mouth twitched.

It looked at Shi Yu in confusion.

As expected, his other pets were also very ridiculous, right!!!

He was clearly a legend Beast Tamer, but now he was going to face two totems, but he said that he could guarantee that the battle Crowd Control was under his control??

“Buggy is…” Ji Mengzhu asked.

“Sob.” At this moment, Eleven, who was sitting in the driver’s seat, waved at Ji Mengzhu. Eleven was here. He wasn’t Buggy.

Ji Mengzhu was silent. She knew that he wasn’t Buggy.

“Ji.” As spatial ripples appeared, a green little green worm appeared on the control table.

He looked at Eleven.

Eleven said weakly, “Wuu…”

It couldn’t be helped. After all, it would be a waste not to use the power of faith in this spacetime.

At this moment, seeing that the Buggy Shi Yu was talking about was really Buggy, Ji Mengzhu was stunned again.

She could understand the Iron-eating Beast, the sword spirit, and this mysterious battleship.

However, was Shi Yu’s Contract Pet a Green Silkworm??

“We’re about to arrive. Do you want to go together?” Shi Yu said.

…

“Again…”

A moment later, General Ji Yun suddenly realized that another message had come from the communication jade pendant.

[Reinforcements are about to arrive. Don’t withdraw the army formation, don’t attack, defend with all your might.]

Ji Yunchong: “?”

What did it mean?

He didn’t sense where the reinforcements were coming from at all. His communication jade pendant still didn’t move. How did the other party know that they were maintaining the army skill?

At this moment, General Ji Yun was deeply puzzled.

“Stubborn.”

In the outside world.

Black Ram also shook its head, disappointed in this group of stubborn guys.

Just as it was about to speak again, the Black Ram, the Black Meteorite Yak, and the entire Iron-eating Beast Corps suddenly discovered the changes in their surroundings.

Space fluctuations!!!

Boom!!!

A spatial ripple instantly attracted everyone’s attention.

After all, in this stalemate between the two armies, it was difficult for the two parties not to care if a third party entered the battlefield with a spatial jump.

“Are they reinforcements!?” The dozens of soldiers of the Iron-eating Beast Corps in the domain spoke one after another.

They looked over in unison and waited for General Ji Yun’s counterattack command.

“In the sky!!”

They quickly captured the core area of the spatial ripples. At the same time, they were puzzled, because teleporting down from the sky was not the support method of the Iron-eating Beast Corps.

Even the other armies didn’t have such a support method!

“Who is it?” The Black Meteorite Yak and the Black Goat didn’t move rashly before figuring out the identity of the person.

However, reinforcements didn’t appear.

What came were only two extremely dazzling lights that suddenly appeared in the sky.

With strong power!!!

The Black Ram and the Black Meteorite Yak quickly looked over, and their expressions changed drastically.

It was two green-gold lights that looked like meteors. They were like two divine dragons that had descended from the starry sky. They bared their fangs and brandished their claws, coming from the starry sky with an incomparably terrifying dragon might!!

Looking carefully, the so-called dragon form was just flames produced by their friction with the atmosphere, and its main body was two huge meteorites!

Faith skill, Dragon Star Group!!!

The incomparable meteorite made the Beast Tamers in the domain widen their eyes.

It would be a waste not to use the power of faith in this space and time. The dragon star that Shi Yu had gotten Buggy to accumulate in advance could be used at this moment.

At this moment, the Dragon Star Group had actually undergone a tremendous change compared to the World Tournament.

Apart from power, there was also Crowd Control.

After approaching transcendent proficiency, Buggy’s control over it had undergone a huge change. For example, when the current Dragon Star Group attacked, the more the enemy didn’t believe in the Green Dragon and was hostile to it, the greater the power. However, the damage and aftermath of the Dragon Star Group would be reduced to the lowest among the believers acknowledged by the Green Dragon, and they wouldn’t even be injured by the power of faith.

At the moment, although Buggy had just arrived at the Emperor Wu Era and had yet to mobilize much power of faith, it was enough to deal with the Black Ram and the Black Meteorite Yak. After all, Shi Yu didn’t want to crush them into dregs like he did with the Green Dragon Prince.