Chapter 1077 - 1077 Ultimate Mechanical Ling (3)

1077 Ultimate Mechanical Ling (3)

“It’s just nice to cooperate with Emperor Wu and kill it.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Ji Mengzhu was stunned.

Now that Yun An wasn’t that cowardly, he would kill it!

Emperor Wu had yet to grow to the peak. At this stage, Yun An shouldn’t be afraid of Emperor Wu and think that Emperor Wu was only so-so.

It was the best time to destroy Yun An.

Unlike later, in order to avoid Emperor Wu, Yun An obtained a bunch of life-saving skills that were not easy to fight at all.

“Master, we’ll approach the communication distance immediately.”

“Alright, tell your General Ji Yun.” Shi Yu looked at Ji Mengzhu beside him.

…

In the Yun Nation.

At this moment, the Iron-eating Beast Corps was discovered and attacked by the two totems, causing the Iron-eating Beast Corps to fall into a bitter battle.

These two totems, a top-notch totem and an ordinary totem.

Cow and sheep combination!

Among them, the top-notch totem Black Bull was dealt with by the Iron-eating Beast General Ji Yunchong, and the Normal totems were dealt with by the Iron-eating Beast Corps.

At that moment, the members of this Iron-eating Beast Corps were not complete. Excluding Ji Yunchong’s pet, there were only four overlord-level Iron-eating Beasts and 60 monarch-level Iron-eating Beasts. This was the key to making Ji Yunchong and the others fall into a bitter battle.

Under Ji Yunzhong’s eruption, he could only fight against the top-notch totem, the Black Meteorite Yak. It was impossible to determine the winner in a short period of time.

Under the eruption of the army skills of all the members of the Iron-eating Beast Corps, although they could suppress the Black Ram, they couldn’t quickly decide the winner. Both parties directly fell into a stalemate of consumption.

At this moment, both parties had already completed a round of battle. Neither party could do anything to the other.

The Iron-eating Beast army led by Ji Yunchong and the Demon God Iron-eating Beast was pitch-black. They faced the two huge totems in front of them and temporarily stopped fighting because of their tactical choices.

Because Ji Yunchong and the others judged that if they continued fighting, there wouldn’t be much results. Therefore, all the Iron-eating Beasts used Impregnable to form a domain to resist the attack of the two totems and wait for reinforcements.

Now, Ji Yunchong’s heart was burning. They had been discovered, and the situation was very bad. If Emperor Wu didn’t come to support, it meant that Emperor Wu had also been discovered and fallen into a predicament where he couldn’t escape.

Then, he could only hope that the army far at the border would quickly discover the abnormality and come to support.

As long as all the members of the Iron-eating Beast Army gathered, a mere two totems could be defeated with the smallest price before going to support Emperor Wu.

“Ji Yunchong, a chicken, a coward, a scaredy cat, remove your domain if you have the ability.” The huge Black Meteorite Yak roared. Its attack landed on the impregnable defense formed by dozens of Iron-eating Beasts, unable to break through its defense.

“They’re stalling for time and waiting for reinforcements,” the mountain-sized black ram couldn’t help but say.

“Reinforcements, there are no reinforcements. Your reinforcements will naturally be stopped by others. Your Emperor Wu can’t even protect himself now,” the Black Meteorite Yak said.

“Let’s see how long your domain can last.”

Boom!!!

The Black Meteorite Yak spat out black light and hit the impregnable domain again, causing the ground to instantly tremble.

“Coming.” Ji Yunchong ignored the other party’s words and realized that a communication jade pendant had lit up. He couldn’t help but be delighted, but soon, General Ji Yunchong’s expression stiffened again.

Because the person who sent the message was not the legendary general of the Iron-eating Beast Corps at the border, but his daughter, Ji Mengzhu, who should be far away in Wu Ling City.

“Father, Wu Ling City was invaded by the Yun Race’s totem, the Black Space Divine Dragon. They might have already discovered that Emperor Wu isn’t in Dong Huang. Your whereabouts have been exposed. Don’t go deeper into the enemy’s territory.”

“If you haven’t encountered the enemy’s attack, please retreat immediately. If you’re already fighting, please hold on. I’ll quickly bring reinforcements to the battlefield.”

“In addition, there’s no need to worry about the situation in Wu Ling City. At that time, the national recruitment happened to conscript a powerful Beast Tamer whose strength was comparable to His Majesty Emperor Wu. He had already dealt with the Black Space Divine Dragon, and Wu Ling City wasn’t too injured. At the moment, we’re the only ones heading to your side.”

After receiving the huge communication content, General Ji Yun’s heart underwent a violent emotional change.

Ji Yunchong: “?”

The first sentence was that Wu Ling City was invaded by the top-notch totem of the Yun Race, the Black Space Divine Dragon. It almost scared his soul out of his body. After all, the Black Space Divine Dragon was the strongest general under Yun An. It was much stronger than these two.

What were those armies guarding the border doing? They didn’t even know why the Black Space Divine Dragon had entered Dong Huang.

His wife and daughter were all in Wu Ling City, so it was impossible for Ji Yunchong not to be worried.

But right on the heels of that, Ji Mengzhu sent a message saying that she had recruited a Beast Tamer whose strength was comparable to a Emperor Wu and had already defeated the Black Space Divine Dragon. This was even more ridiculous, extremely ridiculous!!

Ji Yunchong was stunned.

Who was Emperor Wu? He was the most talented Beast Tamer in the Eastern Land in the past 500 years after Emperor Shi. Such an existence was casually recruited by a national conscription? Did Dong Huang have such a Beast Tamer?