Chapter 1078 - 1078 Poor And Helpless Yun An

1078 Poor and Helpless Yun An

In the Yun Nation.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The huge Ram and Yak were like small mountains together, looking down at the golden domain in front of them.

The golden domain was a semicircular barrier more than a thousand meters in diameter. It was transparent and golden.

Inside, dozens of Iron-eating Beasts supported the barrier in the form of the Five Elements Formation.

These Iron-eating Beasts had all undergone clueless evolution and were quite strong.

In the center of the formation were the support pets and Beast Tamers accompanying the Iron-eating Beast Corps. They were also in charge of operating and strengthening the operation of the impregnable domain.

Army skills were the mainstream battle skills in the armies of the various dynasties. They were the key to the army defeating the strong.

At this moment, Dong Huang clearly didn’t have a single totem level, but the two totems had never been able to break through the Iron-eating Beast Corps’ array.

Standing on the Demon God Iron-eating Beast that had enlarged to more than ten meters tall and was holding a black sword, Ji Yunchong looked at the two totem generals of the Yun clan in silence.

“General, is there any news of reinforcements?” At this moment, a deputy general couldn’t help but ask when he saw Ji Yun take out the communication jade pendant.

Although they could still last for a period of time like this, it wasn’t a long-term plan after all. They couldn’t spend all their strength on defense. This was too passive.

Ji Yunzhong said, “There’s news. Everyone, hold on for a while more.”

“Roar!!!”

“Wuu!!”

“Wuu!” Upon hearing that, in the Golden Domain, the soldiers and Iron-eating Beasts worked hard, their eyes like ferocious wolves as they stared at the two totems.

Damn, when the reinforcements arrived, neither of these two totems could escape.

In fact, if it weren’t for the fact that the power on their bodies was too filthy, they would have killed them no matter what!

“Hold on a little longer, reinforcements are about to arrive!!”

The morale of the Iron-eating Beast Corps was even higher.

As for Ji Yunchong, although he was suspicious of his daughter’s message, that jade pendant could indeed only be used by Ji Mengzhu herself.

However, the situation was still too strange.

The other party wasn’t within the range, so how did he contact him?

Ji Yunchong was silent. At this point, even if it was filled with Enigma, even if it was very difficult to believe, he could only believe it for once. After all, according to the Black Meteorite Yak and Black Ram, the reinforcements at the border had probably been intercepted by the Yun clan. It wasn’t something that could be rushed over in a short period of time.

“After the reinforcements arrive.”

“Cleansing Camp, cooperate with the Thunder Camp. Blazing Flame Camp, listen to my command and prepare to launch a counterattack!!”

Boom.

At this moment, the Black Meteorite Yak and the Black Ram were still attacking. They also knew this kind of army skill. It consumed a lot of strength, and the Iron-eating Beast Corps couldn’t last long.

As for the reinforcements, it was nonsense. Since they dared to surround the Iron-eating Beast Corps team that went deep into the country, the Yun Race was naturally sufficiently prepared. Not only the Dong Huang Army at the border, but even the interior of Dong Huang would be turned upside down.

“Roar!!!” After using its strongest Skill, Demon Mist Horn, but failing to penetrate the Golden Soup Domain, the Black Ram cursed.

“Forget it, let’s not waste our energy. Since they’re willing to wait, we’ll wait,” the Black Meteorite Yak said. “As long as we maintain the Skill, they will consume a lot of energy. Let’s rest first.”

“Alright.” The black ram stopped attacking and looked into the dazzling golden barrier. Although it couldn’t hear the voice inside, it believed that the people inside could definitely hear its voice.

“Ji Yunchong, your Emperor Wu has already died in the hands of His Majesty Yun An.”

“In addition, you don’t know, right? Our Black Dragon General has already arrived at Dong Huang’s Wu Ling City and is destroying the city. Your family and your clansmen should be there, right?”

“I think none of you want your family to lose their lives, right?”

“Now, you still have a chance. Give up resisting, and we won’t kill those who surrender!”

“Not only will you receive preferential treatment and the opportunity to be modified into the Yun clan, but your families will also be safe and sound. Don’t you want that group of Iron-eating Beasts to become as strong as your Boss? It only obtained a portion of His Majesty Yun An’s power and already has such strength. You can do it too!” After stopping the attack, the black goat carried out a verbal attack, wanting to disturb the Iron-eating Beast Corps’ morale.

Inside the domain, the expressions of the Iron-eating Beasts and Beast Tamers didn’t change.

Only the killing intent and Warpath in his eyes were even stronger.

If the morale of the Iron-eating Beast Corps could be shaken by a few words from the enemy, it wouldn’t be the number one army of Emperor Wu Dynasty.

…

“Lucky.”

At the same time.

In the void, in the spatial battleship, as the distance got closer and closer, Ling had already detected the situation on General Ji Yun and the others’ side.

On the huge screen, their situation was not very clear.

Everyone was bitterly using army skills to resist the attacks of the Black Meteorite Yak and the Black Ram.

“Not good, there are two Yun clan totems!”

In the room, although she didn’t know why Shi Yu’s pet could suddenly see the situation on the Iron-eating Beast Corps’ side, after discovering that her father and the others were surrounded by the two totems, Ji Mengzhu’s expression immediately changed and she was a little nervous.

“Fortunate? What’s lucky about that?”

“Don’t worry, aren’t they still fine?”

“These two Yun Race totems aren’t strong. I know them!” Shi Yu licked his lips.

“One is a cow, and the other is a sheep. Moreover, they’re not strong. Even if they can’t leave their corpses intact, most of their bodies should be able to be preserved. We can completely control the situation within a controllable range.”

“After their meat is cleansed, it’s very delicious…”