Chapter 1089 - 1089 Not From This Space And Time (1)

1089 Not From This Space and Time (1)

“Your Majesty Emperor Wu!!”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

At this moment, the Beast Tamers of the Iron-eating Beast Corps and Ji Mengzhu were very shocked.

Not only was Yun An, who wanted to attack them, forced back by a single attack, but he also chose to escape.

At that moment, following Shi Yu’s invitation, they realized that the Emperor Wu they had been searching for had finally appeared.

Everyone couldn’t help but look over in joy.

“Come on,” Emperor Wu said.

In the face of Shi Yu’s invitation, Emperor Wu chose to pursue with him.

Although he couldn’t figure out what was going on, Yun An’s condition was indeed worse.

Moreover, the direction Yun An escaped in was far from Dong Huang and the crowd. This made Emperor Wu even less worried.

Right on the heels of that, the Beast Tamers of the Iron-eating Beast Corps saw a historical scene.

A green dragon tore through the air. Shi Yu stood on its head and chased after Yun An.

At the side, Emperor Wu flew in the air. Both parties were on the left and right, making Yun An, who was further ahead, howl and curse. He escaped even faster!

One was a Legendary Emperor that the Iron-eating Beast Corps was extremely familiar with, and the other was a super expert that had descended from the sky like a divine weapon and was recruited by the country. Even if the opponent was a demigod, Yun An, they had never been so at ease.

…

A moment later, Shi Yu and Emperor Wu chased.

“This again!” Emperor Wu couldn’t help but say.

With a boom, the fleeing Yun An’s entire body was filled with shocking light.

It was as if it had self-destructed or been swallowed. Its body was sucked into the alternate space from the inside out.

At the same time, a shocking dark wave bloomed from its body.

“Roar!!! (I won’t let you off!!!)”

Right on the heels of that, Yun An disappeared in front of Shi Yu and Emperor Wu. The strong explosive wave made them retreat together.

In midair, Shi Yu’s expression was uncertain.

“It should be a spatial Skill that can only be escaped by sacrificing a certain subordinate. Be it itself or its subordinates, the consumption is huge.”

Spatial attainments… were even above Buggy.

No wonder it could modify the Black Space Divine Dragon.

Shi Yu was not surprised that Yun An had successfully escaped.

He had chased after him this time because he didn’t think he could successfully defeat Yun An. Instead, he wanted to consume some energy or hammer a few more fragments.

If he really wanted to capture Yun An, he had to be more prepared.

“Your Majesty, you fought it just now, right? Did you collect its fragments?”

At this moment, Emperor Wu, who was standing in the air, looked at Shi Yu and said, “Yes.”

“In that case, don’t chase after it or look for it. Let it leave first. It can’t escape.”

“What do you mean?” Emperor Wu said. “Its current state is unprecedentedly weak. It’s the best time to completely kill it.”

Shi Yu said, “It’s impossible to succeed. Yun An has mastered the super self-destruction Skill. If it’s forced into a corner, we’ll all die. As an Elemental life form, it still has hope of reviving.”

“At most, it will wait for thousands of years to revive again, and if we die, we will completely die.”

“I don’t want to die with it.” Shi Yu smiled slightly. He wasn’t an iron-headed kid like Emperor Wu.

A demigod-level self-destruction could probably directly blow up his body and soul. The Undying Fruit was useless.

Repelling Yun An just now was the limit Shi Yu could do. He really didn’t dare to let Yun An fall into a desperate situation.

Otherwise, the outcome of Emperor Wu in history would be Shi Yu’s outcome.

“I just returned to Dong Huang and haven’t prepared enough. Since Senior Emperor Wu has obtained the meteorite fragments, it’s easy.”

“Lend me a few meteorite fragments later. Give me some time to study them. I can develop tools to locate Yun An and sealing tools to seal its self-destruction ability.”

“He might even be able to capture Yun An alive.”

Emperor Wu was stunned. “Who exactly are you? Why are you helping Dong Huang?”

Emperor Wu felt that the young man in front of him knew Yun An better than him and the Iron-eating Beast Tribe.

In terms of strength, it was probably not weaker than him, or even stronger.

However, he really couldn’t see through Shi Yu.

“Me? I’ve been training in the West since I was young and only returned recently. I was originally responding to the national conscription in Wu Ling City, but I didn’t expect to encounter such a bunch of things.” Shi Yu laughed.

“Wu Dong, don’t believe him.” When Emperor Wu looked at Shi Yu, the voice of a pet in his body sounded.

“This guy… There are fluctuations that are rejected by this space and time on his body and his pet.”

“This person and his pet might not belong to this space and time!”

“You’re lying. You’re not from this space and time,” Emperor Wu said. “Who exactly are you?”

Shi Yu was slightly stunned.

He looked at Emperor Wu in surprise.

Shi Yu originally thought that if he transmigrated to the past space and time, among the five emperors of Dong Huang, only Emperor Shi of time or Emperor Kong of space could tell that he wasn’t from this space and time.

He didn’t expect that Emperor Wu also had this ability.

Was it his, or had he contracted a special pet of the time or space element?

“Has it been seen through?”

“Forget it, there’s nothing to hide anyway.” Shi Yu smiled and said, “Then I’ll tell the truth. You can understand that I’m from a future parallel space where Emperor Wu Dynasty has already been destroyed and Emperor Wu has already died in battle.”

“Of course, since I’m already here, the history of this space and time might have to be rewritten.”

When Shi Yu finished speaking, Emperor Wu widened his eyes in shock.