Chapter 1087 - 1087 Shocking Emperor Wu For Ten Thousand Years (6)

1087 Shocking Emperor Wu for Ten Thousand Years (6)

A mere legend Beast Tamer.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Legend?” The color of Shi Yu’s summoning array also stunned General Ji Yunhai and the others of the Iron-eating Beast Corps.

They originally thought that the green dragon was at the totem level. Shi Yu was also a legendary Beast Tamer like Emperor Wu.

However, the color of Shi Yu’s summoning array was only Legend?

How was this possible? What was going on?

Wasn’t the Green Dragon Shi Yu’s pet?

At this moment, they gradually couldn’t understand.

In the next moment, they were even more confused.

“Yun An!!!” In the distance, the Void tore.

Emperor Wu burned his blood essence and rushed over, letting out a heaven-shaking roar.

As he had expected, Yun An came to attack the Iron-eating Beast Corps.

However…

The situation here was a little different from what Emperor Wu had expected!

Emperor Wu, who had just descended in the distance, and the Beast Tamers of the Iron-eating Beast Corps were suddenly stunned. They looked at this scene in the distance in confusion.

At this moment, a strong blue light condensed on the black summoning array under Shi Yu’s feet.

The light of the ocean spread, and a shocking aura wave swept out. A noble figure gradually appeared from the light!!

On the huge black summoning array, behind Shi Yu, a huge water elemental creature a hundred meters tall appeared in the sky in front of the green dragon.

She looked like a mermaid. She had beautiful blue long hair, bright blue eyes, beautiful appearance, and a body made of water. Her aura was incomparably noble, and she had an otherworldly aura.

What kind of creature was this?

In a short instant, countless people were puzzled. However, the holy, pure, and clear fluctuations emitted by Susu were enough to move anyone.

Even Yun An, who was opposite, was slightly stunned.

In the face of this attack, Shi Yu’s gaze was strict.

“Have you asked me before you tried to attack my pet?”

For the first time, Shi Yu’s voice was valued by Yun An. At this moment, it understood two things. First, the green dragon that had killed its two subordinates was this human’s pet.

Second, this summoned water elemental life form was also this human’s pet.

But… So what?

“Roar!!!” Yun An let out an angry roar.

At the same time, Susu’s power erupted.

Buzz!

As if its soul had left its body, a blue Sea Cleansing Spirit that looked similar to Susu directly covered the original body and erupted with a huge energy wave!!

Demigod level, Sea Cleansing Spirit!

Susu had accumulated two demigod-level Sea Cleansing Spirits that could be said to be comparable to quasi-divine skills in half a year!

If Shi Yu and the others had anything that could resist Yun An…

Then, Susu’s demigod-level Sea Cleansing Spirit was undoubtedly the most effective!

“Crush it.”

Under Shi Yu’s voice.

This Sea Cleansing Spirit gradually expanded and gradually enlarged. Soon, it expanded to a height of more than a thousand meters. It was majestic and spectacular, corresponding to Yun An from afar. The Holy Purification aura on its body was even richer, and the energy fluctuations as deep as the ocean shocked Yun An for the first time.

Buzz!!!

The sound of laws sounded.

“Half-god!” Yun An’s expression suddenly changed drastically.

It never expected the creature opposite to suddenly erupt with such strong strength.

“What’s that…” In the distance, Emperor Wu’s expression also Upheaval.

Boom!!!

Under the shocked expressions of the Beast Tamers of the Iron-eating Beast Corps below,

Susu’s huge palm directly smashed towards Yun An’s huge palm.

Right on the heels of that, a scene that shocked everyone to the extreme appeared. The two huge palms collided. In the next moment, a sizzling sound came from Yun An’s palm. Then, right on the heels of that, white smoke that was like a mist of ice spread from the huge water palm.

At this moment, Susu’s palm was like a monstrous tsunami that swept over, instantly devouring Yun An’s palm. Then, the water palm kept enlarging, covering the world, and swung at Yun An’s main body.

It was completely countered!

Facing such a ridiculous counterattack, even Yun An instantly revealed a panicked expression.

In the next moment!

“Roar!!!” A miserable cry sounded.

Yun An’s huge body seemed to have been splashed with a layer of water, and this layer of water was very strong. In an instant, it flipped Yun An, who was like a mountain peak, over!!

Moreover, the water of the Sea Cleansing was like boiling water. White mist kept blooming on Yun An’s body, interweaving with terrifying power.

“Ah!!!!” On the ground, the king of totems, the half-god Yun An, screamed in pain. His miserable shout spread in all directions.

Boom.

A huge dust mist shot into the sky and filled the sky.

At that moment, no matter who it was, they could see Yun An’s miserable appearance.

Ji Yunchong, Ji Mengzhu, and the others opened their mouths when they saw this. It was difficult to understand, and their brains gradually lost their ability to think.

Yun An… was defeated in one hit??

An attack that even Emperor Wu didn’t dare to take head-on was directly blasted back??

In the distance, Emperor Wu, who had just teleported over, froze when he saw Yun An directly defeated by this mysterious water elemental creature.

What happened?

Wait, wait, something was wrong.

At this moment, Ji Mengzhu looked confused. Didn’t Shi Yu say that he couldn’t resist the Yun Race, so he came to form an alliance with Dong Huang?

Then what was going on!!

“It’s not working?” In the sky, Shi Yu looked at Yun An, who still had the strength to struggle, and frowned.

“Roar!!!” When Yun An shouted miserably, it rolled its body and swept its gaze over again. It was no longer as impressive as before. It looked at Shi Yu, the Blue Sea Sprite Susu, and the Green Dragon Buggy in shock.