Chapter 1080 - 1080 Poor And Helpless Yun An (3)

1080 Poor and Helpless Yun An (3)

Boom!!!!

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The meteorite fell, leaving traces of tearing space. The huge power directly made the Black Ram and the Black Meteorite Yak feel as if they were facing a great enemy.

“Roar!!!”

The two of them immediately wanted to leave the range of the meteorite’s attack. They quickly dodged to the left and right. At the same time, they didn’t forget to watch the trajectory of the meteorite’s descent. However, as the Void trembled and starlight condensed, a scene even more shocking than the meteorite’s descent appeared in front of the two totems.

The weather changed.

The entire sky and world seemed to have darkened.

It was still daytime just now, but at this moment, all light was stripped away.

As spatial ripples flashed, a shocking image appeared. A shocking creature more than ten thousand meters long that looked like a dragon appeared under the starry sky. It had two golden horns on its head and was covered in green scales. Its eyes and tail seemed to be burning with golden flames of Spirit faith.

“Roar!!!” Under the gaze of the divine dragon’s golden eyes, its body swayed. Two strong dragon claws directly grabbed the two meteors that had just descended beside it!!

In an instant, it grabbed the two meteors and changed their descent trajectory!!

Boom!!!

Then, it pressed down on the meteorite like it was an Arms weapon, pressing down on the shocked Black Ram and the Black Meteorite Yak. They wanted to move, but they realized that in an instant, the surrounding space was sealed and they couldn’t move.

It was comparable to transcendent spatial control!

Under the seal, Buggy roared. The meteorite pressed down and directly hit the Black Ram and the Black Meteorite Yak. These two totems also instantly counterattacked. The Demon Mist Horn condensed, but Buggy, which had been strengthened by Ling’s nine-colored divine light, ignored these guys in terms of strength!

The meteorite pressed down, and with a boom, the huge horns of the Black Ram and the Black Meteorite Yak were bent. Right on the heels of that, under their shocked expressions, their entire bodies were pressed to the ground by the dragon claws and the huge meteorite!!

Crack!

The meteorite shattered, and a huge shockwave swept out!

“Roar!!!” The two totems let out miserable cries and spat out blood.

The raging fire of faith burned their spirits, souls, and bodies, producing incomparable pain.

Boom!!!

The ground cracked, and the surrounding mountains kept shaking. Ripples kept appearing in the Golden Domain, making the Beast Tamers and Iron-eating Beasts inside open their mouths wide.

What happened?

Where did this green dragon come from!

“Faith skill??” General Ji Yun said in disbelief.

That was… the Fire of Faith!

“Who is it!!”

This wasn’t the end. After succeeding in one hit, the green divine dragon directly let go of the gravel in its hand and retreated into the sky. It didn’t continue attacking. At this moment, the Black Ram was completely heavily injured, but the Black Meteorite Yak still had a trace of mobility.

“Moo!!!!” Its huge body stood up with difficulty. Its eyes were filled with supreme anger as it pushed open the gravel that filled the sky. But in the next second, its bull eyes instantly widened, revealing an incomprehensible expression.

They saw a shocking scene.

A young man with a calm expression was standing on the dragon head and staring at it.

Behind the young man was a Beast Tamer it was very familiar with. Ji Mengzhu, the daughter of General Ji Yunchong of Dong Huang, was tugging at the young man’s clothes with a panicked expression, as if she was shocked.

“What… what a joke!!!” At this moment, the Black Meteorite Yak realized that something was wrong. Didn’t the Black Dragon General go to Wu Ling City to destroy the city? Why should the daughter of Ji Yunchong, who was guarding Wu Ling City, appear here?

And who exactly was this guy!!

“I’m showing mercy, but not to let you have the strength to resist.” As Shi Yu finished speaking, with a boom, the huge Heavenly Dragon Tail swung over again and hit the Black Meteorite Yak. With a bang, the Black Meteorite Yak’s huge body was suppressed again.

On the green dragon’s head, Ji Mengzhu’s brain lost the ability to think. She completely didn’t expect that the little green worm just now would suddenly become a ten-thousand-meter-long green dragon in such a state.

Her brain was buzzing. Although Shi Yu had already displayed his strength in Wu Ling City just now, she was still shocked again when she saw Shi Yu defeat the two totems effortlessly.

“It, it’s also at the overlord level?!!” Ji Mengzhu couldn’t understand.

Shi Yu smiled and said, “Sort of, but it’s a god of faith in the starry sky, so it’s a little stronger.”

“You’ve heard of the Green Dragon, right? Emperor Wu should also be nurturing it.”

“This kind of predecessor isn’t even a totem. It’s purely an Unholy totem modified by Yun An with the power of a Demon God. It’s impossible for it to be the Green Dragon’s match,” Shi Yu said.

Ji Mengzhu’s expression changed drastically again.

Green, Green Dragon??

She had felt that something was wrong just now. At this moment, Ji Mengzhu’s mouth opened wide again. She couldn’t believe that she was on the Green Dragon God.

At the same time.

“General, there’s actually someone up there!!” Inside the golden barrier, all the Beast Tamers and pets were extremely stunned.

Their faces were filled with shock and disbelief.

The two totems that were in a stalemate with them just now and couldn’t determine the winner, forcing them to wait helplessly for reinforcements… were suppressed in one round??

“Isn’t that Miss Ji Mengzhu?!?”

At this moment, Ji Yunhai’s deputy general looked at the woman on the green dragon’s head in shock.

Who else could that woman in a white Han suit be but General Ji Yun’s daughter?

Then, who was the young man beside Ji Mengzhu?

At this moment, General Ji Yun also looked at Shi Yu in shock. Don’t tell him that this person was the powerful Beast Tamer recruited by the country after defeating the Black Space Divine Dragon that Ji Mengzhu mentioned had strength comparable to a Emperor Wu.