Chapter 1083 - 1083 Shocking Emperor Wu For Ten Thousand Years (2)

1083 Shocking Emperor Wu for Ten Thousand Years (2)

However, Yun An confused them.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

What was going on?

Someone… killed the three generals Yun An sent?

Moreover, Yun An even said that it was Dong Huang’s Beast Tamer?

What a joke.

Emperor Wu was silent. Why didn’t he remember that he had such a backup plan?

When Yun An just spoke, Emperor Wu was indeed a little worried.

After all, it was a fact that his whereabouts had been exposed and he was surrounded by Yun An and the eight Yun clan totems.

If it weren’t for the fact that he broke through first, he might really have failed.

His whereabouts had been exposed, and so had most likely the whereabouts of the Iron-eating Beast Corps.

With the top battle power of the dynasty not around, Emperor Wu thought from Yun An’s perspective. The Yun clan definitely wouldn’t miss this good opportunity.

Not only was it a good opportunity to destroy him and Ji Yunchong, but it was also a good opportunity to destroy the stability of Dong Huang.

If the Yun Race really did this, the confrontation situation between the two parties would be even more complicated.

If the city invaded by the Yun Race didn’t have enough defense power, the people would undoubtedly be plunged into misery and suffering.

As for the Iron-eating Beast Corps, they would definitely fall into a bitter battle.

In this situation, even if he successfully suppressed Yun An and obtained the meteorite fragment, it might not necessarily be a complete victory.

And the reality was that the situation was really developing in this direction.

However… the final direction of development was a little different from what Emperor Wu had analyzed just now.

This Yun An… had just said that the three totems it sent were all killed?

A life form that had mastered a quasi-divine skill? A starry sky faith god?

Emperor Wu was certain that Dong Huang definitely didn’t have such a life form.

“What exactly happened in the outside world?”

In an instant, Emperor Wu was also filled with confusion.

He looked at Yun An expressionlessly.

Was this guy lying to him?

“Surrender.” Just now, the blood from the injuries all over Emperor Wu’s body was still dripping and polluted by the darkness. And now, the injuries had already condensed.

After adjusting his state, he retracted his pet outside and punched in the air, ignoring what Yun An said.

“Extreme Martial Emperor Fist!” He roared and punched the huge Yun An in the air.

The surrounding Void and natural power instantly seemed to be absorbed by the fist and quickly condensed. The earth-shattering punch shattered the surrounding mountains with the fist wind alone.

“Wu ah ah ah ah!!” Yun An was furious.

It had never wanted to fight Emperor Wu before, so at this moment, it didn’t want to fight Emperor Wu even more.

“You’re already a dead person. There’s no point in fighting you anymore.” Yun An looked at Emperor Wu as if he was looking at a dead person.

“Your people killed three of my subordinates. Then, it’s not too much for you to return the favor, right?”

“That cosmic faith god, compensate me!!”

At that moment, although Yun An was furious, he suddenly discovered the nature of the skill that made the Black Meteorite Yak and the Black Ram feel fear.

That creature… That creature’s skill… was very nutritious for it!

The Dragon Star Group contained the power of the cosmic meteorite and the power of faith, and as a meteorite life form, Yun An was a creature that ate meteorites.

Yun An decided that although Dong Huang had the advantage in this battle, it definitely couldn’t lose out!

It wanted the life form that had mastered the power of the starry sky!

“Secret skill, Corpse Reincarnation!”

It wanted to use the corpses of the Black Ram and the Black Meteorite Yak to directly descend to where the cosmic life form was!

“Huh?” Emperor Wu was shocked.

His fist arrived with a bang and indeed landed on Yun An.

But at this moment, Yun An’s entire body was also filled with shocking light.

It was as if it had self-destructed or been swallowed. Its body was sucked into the alternate space from the inside out. At the same time, a shocking dark wave bloomed from its body.

It squeezed with the fist wave.

“You want to escape?” Emperor Wu immediately entered into the Void.

Boom!!!

A violent explosion directly turned an area of tens of thousands of meters into a radiation area.

A shocking wave shot into the starry sky.

A moment later, Emperor Wu’s figure slowly appeared. He frowned and searched for Yun An.

“This is the first time I’ve seen this skill.”

A voice from his pet quickly came from his body.

“Wu Dong, the skill it used just now is very special. It went very far. Hurry up and chase after it. It wants to pass you and attack the others!!”

“Hurry up and go to Ji Yunchong and the others. They might be in danger.”

“I know.” Emperor Wu frowned and flew quickly in the direction of the Dong Huang border.

Elemental creatures were what he hated the most.

This Yun An was too difficult to deal with. It was much harder to kill than the demigod tiger he had killed previously.

It had to be fine over there.

…

On the Iron-eating Beast Corps’ side.

With Buggy’s cooperation, Chi Tong directly finished off the Black Ram and the Black Meteorite Yak.

It ended their lives by attacking their souls.

Their so-called souls were also directly imprisoned by Chi Tong in the undead space.

This time, Chi Tong could be said to have had a huge harvest.

Its Undead Revival Skill was a teaching skill. It had already reached transcendent proficiency and could control totem-level undead.

One Black Space Divine Dragon, one Black Ram, and one Black Yak. That was three!

It wasn’t to use them to fight, nor was it to Spirit Release them. Instead, it was to be a scapegoat.

With these three guys, Chi Tong felt that as long as it replenished its energy in time, its body could also withstand the burden of using the Immortal Slaying Sword Formation three times in a row.

At that moment, Shi Yu still received the shocked gazes of the army.