Chapter 1088 - 1088 Shocking Emperor Wu For Ten Thousand Years (7)

1088 Shocking Emperor Wu for Ten Thousand Years (7)

“Who are you?! Who are you!!!”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Yun An was shocked to discover that not only was its quasi-divine skill suppressed in that attack just now, but the attack also landed on it, causing it even more damage than Emperor Wu’s attack.

At this moment, its body, which was already covered in injuries, was already completely injured.

Yun An really couldn’t understand what that attack was about. It had been a long time since he had suffered such a serious injury.

At the same time, Yun An suddenly sensed that the aura of a Emperor Wu had also appeared in the distance. He was even more panicked.

Not good!

“Tch.” In the sky, Shi Yu looked at Yun An. No way.

The full-strength attack of the demigod-level Sea Cleansing Spirit only heavily injure Yun An??

Susu had saved up for half a year only to save two.

Could the next one kill Yun An?

Shi Yu wasn’t confident.

He planned to use other pets to consume Yun An first.

He could sense that at this moment, Yun An at most had 70% of the strength of Yun An in the Heavenly Sword Ancient Nation. From the looks of it, not only had Emperor Wu not grown up, but Yun An wasn’t at his peak at this moment.

However, if Shi Yu wanted to fight, Yun An didn’t seem to want to anymore.

After a round of confrontation, Yun An’s heart was shocked to the extreme. It was continuously attacked by Emperor Wu and unknown Beast Tamers. At this moment, its heart was heavily injured.

Yun An had no idea that Susu only had two attacks just now. In addition, Emperor Wu had already arrived. In this situation, it crazily suppressed its urge. How could it still think about the Starry Sky Green Dragon? It directly rolled its body and instantly teleported thousands of meters away. It circled around Emperor Wu and turned to run!!

“Wu wu wu wu wu wu wu wu!!! (I’ll definitely come back!!)” Yun An let out a miserable roar.

As long as there was life, there was hope.

Yun An chose to retreat strategically.

“Wait, wait!” Seeing this, the Beast Tamers of the Dong Huang Iron-eating Beast Corps, who had always regarded Yun An as their final enemy, were stunned. They widened their eyes and revealed incredulous expressions!!

Yun An… didn’t dare to fight… ran away?!

What a joke.

Didn’t they say that Yun An was the strongest demigod?

They looked at Shi Yu in the sky in disbelief.

Yun An… was chased away?

The Beast Tamers who were still in fear of Yun An’s descent just now completely didn’t expect the situation to change so suddenly.

Who exactly was this Shi Yu? And what was that water-element life form?!

Why could it suppress Yun An?!

“Roar!!!” At that moment, seeing that Yun An was even suppressed, Buggy was abnormally excited and immediately wanted to chase after him.

Want to run after swallowing the sheep and cow? No way!

Sword Spirit Chi Tong instantly flew into position around Shi Yu.

Buggy immediately prepared to bring Shi Yu to chase after it.

“Senior Emperor Wu.” As he prepared to pursue, Shi Yu sent a voice transmission to Emperor Wu.

At this moment, Shi Yu had long noticed Emperor Wu in the distance.

After noticing Emperor Wu, Shi Yu finally knew why Yun An was so weak. Before it descended, it had definitely been almost exhausted by Emperor Wu.

A Legendary, a legend. An expert like an ancient Legendary, and a genius who was a modern legend. At this moment, they finally met after crossing 2000 years of space and time.

“Do you want to go together?” Sword spirits surrounded Shi Yu, and behind him were the huge Blue Sea Sprite and the Starry Sky Green Dragon. In the distance, at this moment, Emperor Wu Dong no longer had the stability of a Legendary Beast Tamer.

Even when he fought Yun An, Emperor Wu had never been so shocked.

He looked at Shi Yu in front of him solemnly…

This person… What was going on? Could it be that he was the one Yun An mentioned… However, did he even defeat Yun An just now? What a joke!!

The corners of Emperor Wu’s mouth twitched. He was very certain that he had seen the color of Shi Yu’s summoning array with his own eyes. That was clearly at the Legend level!!

On this day, when he saw Shi Yu’s, his perception of strength began the first step… He wanted to know where this person came from.