Chapter 1081 - 1081 Poor And Helpless Yun An (4)

1081 Poor and Helpless Yun An (4)

It was actually true??? There was really such a person?

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The miserable state of the Black Meteorite Yak and Black Goat seemed to have already told him that it was indeed!

Just as the Beast Tamers of the Iron-eating Beast Corps were extremely shocked, in the next second, the two figures on the green dragon’s head were teleported out.

After entering the impregnable domain, he easily cracked the army skill.

At this moment, Buggy’s gaze also focused on the two totems that wanted to make a cheap shot, a cheap trick…

Chi Tong’s sister, come quickly!

…

In the domain, Shi Yu’s clearer appearance was seen clearly by all the Beast Tamers and battle pets here. He was wearing a dark red battle trench coat, and his short hair was slightly blown by the wind. His extremely young face made them a little confused.

At this moment, General Ji Yun, who was on the Demon God Iron-eating Beast, looked at Shi Yu, who had been teleported over with his daughter, with a cold expression.

“Father, this is Shi Yu. I told you just now.” Ji Mengzhu first called out to General Ji Yun.

At this moment, Ji Yunchong took a deep breath and bowed gratefully at Shi Yu with a serious expression.

Then, he looked around.

“Everyone, these are the reinforcements I told you just now. They’ve arrived.”

“I didn’t make it clear previously that the reinforcements aren’t the border army.”

“It’s the expert recruited by the national recruitment this time, Sir Shi Yu.”

“Among the two Yun clan totems just now, one of them wasn’t lying. General Black Dragon indeed invaded Dong Huang’s Wu Ling City. However, thanks to Sir Shi Yu… General Black Dragon, who invaded Wu Ling City, has already been killed by him!!”

“After that, they even sensed the danger and came to support us.”

“Sir Shi Yu, on behalf of Dong Huang, I thank you.”

As soon as he finished speaking, the brains of the other Beast Tamers of the Iron-eating Beast Corps instantly rumbled as they looked at Shi Yu in disbelief.

They looked at Shi Yu, who had easily suppressed the two totems just now.

….

“Bastard, what exactly is going on!!!”

At the same time, in the depths of the Yun Nation.

A Demon God with a body like a city was fighting the domineering man in front of him with several totems beside him.

Yun An originally wanted to teach Emperor Wu a lesson this time, but he didn’t expect that in such a short period of time, Emperor Wu’s strength would actually improve quickly. The last time, he was even suppressed by it, but this time, he could actually suppress it.

“Is this all your tricks?” Emperor Wu stared at Yun An. Although his body was covered in injuries, Yun An in front of him and the various totems under its command were also heavily injured by him and his pets.

Looking at the totems that left Yun An’s side one by one and were teleported away by Yun An, Emperor Wu locked onto this number one enemy.

“Hahahaha.” Yun An felt a headache. It didn’t want to continue fighting for the time being, because things were a little unexpected.

At this rate, he couldn’t deal with this human Legendary at all. It was better to let him be naturally poisoned to death!

“Wu Dong, I advise you not to pester me anymore. Let me tell you, your country is currently being invaded by my other generals. If you don’t go back quickly to take a look, the dynasty you built with much difficulty will be destroyed!”

As Yun An finished speaking, Emperor Wu’s expression changed. In fact, he had already noticed that there was something wrong with the number of totems under Yun An just now.

“You don’t believe me? Hahaha, then let me communicate with them and let you see the miserable state of their perspective??” Yun An said.

It directly used a secret technique to contact the Black Space Divine Dragon, the Black Meteorite Yak, and the Black Ram.

These totems were all modified by it, so it naturally had a way to contact them like a Beast Tamer… This connection was not important.

Yun An then roared angrily with a look of disbelief.

“Wu wu wu wu wu wu wu!!!”

Emperor Wu: “?”