Chapter 1082 - 1082 Shocking Emperor Wu For Ten Thousand Years (1)

1082 Shocking Emperor Wu for Ten Thousand Years (1)

“Roar—!!”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Yun An roared at the sky, an angry roar that blew away sand and rocks, causing space to tremble.

Its angry appearance made Emperor Wu fall silent.

He had never heard Yun An’s miserable roar.

Even when he Maced the meteorite fragment, this guy didn’t even frown.

“Wu Dong!!!” Yun An’s anger burned.

The current Yun An was indeed even more furious than having a few pieces of his body hammered off.

So be it if the fragment fell. As long as it absorbed enough nutrition, it could recover again anyway.

Elemental life forms were very tenacious.

However, every one of the twelve generals under it was modified by it with greater effort!

The resources spent far exceeded a few body fragments!

After all, this was transforming 12 overlords into 12 totems!

According to the probability of a Legendary resource having a one in ten chance of strengthening a totem, Yun An’s investment was at least dozens of Legendary resources!

It had invested all their assets in order to unify the east today.

3,000 years ago, Yun An woke up for the first time. Because he was too arrogant, he challenged the entire world alone and was attacked by a group.

Now, after 3,000 years, Yun An had learned to be smart.

After waking up, it directly developed carefully for many years, unearthed 12 top-notch overlords with good talent, and cultivated them.

Only when he gathered 12 powerful subordinates did he dare to come out.

These subordinates indeed made Yun An worry less.

There was no need for it to do anything personally. It didn’t take long for Yun An to understand the benefits of having power.

It could be said that the twelve totems were its hearts.

Even when fighting Emperor Wu, it was especially careful to avoid its subordinates being killed.

In fact, Yun An had done it.

However, what Yun An couldn’t accept was…

Instead, three of the four subordinates it sent had problems!

The Black Space Divine Dragon it trusted the most was sent to Dong Huang’s Wu Ling City. When Yun An used a bloodline mystic technique to contact it, it directly sensed that the Black Space Divine Dragon no longer existed.

A heart-piercing pain that was like a knife was transmitted from the bloodline contract, making Yun An widen his eyes.

It saw the scene before the Black Space Divine Dragon died.

It was in the huge Air Sword Formation, facing a red-eyed girl in silver armor.

The girl controlled the sword formation, and space was instantly sealed. Under the soaring sword intent, a wave that could even kill gods rose with a bang!

“Roar!!!” Amidst the angry roar, Yun An was also mixed with some Affliction.

“Quasi-divine skill!!!!!”

If it weren’t a quasi-divine skill that had touched the laws, it was impossible for it to feel the pain of the Black Space Divine Dragon so clearly just by relying on its bloodline connection!

How was this possible!!

Yun An couldn’t understand.

They couldn’t believe that there was still a life form who had mastered a quasi-divine skill in Dong Huang.

After all, the Emperor Wu in front of him had yet to cultivate a quasi-divine skill.

It was purely suppressed by the powerful power condensed by the fusion of multiple pets.

In terms of skill, it was far inferior. Otherwise, Yun An wouldn’t be so confident that Emperor Wu couldn’t heal its radiation injuries.

Therefore, Yun An really couldn’t understand why Dong Huang still had such an expert.

The Black Space Divine Dragon disappeared under her attack.

The bloodline connection was completely severed, and the signs of life completely disappeared.

His strongest general… was dead?

It was even to the extent that without a complete corpse, the body that contained the power of the bloodline had become nothing.

Apart from that.

The signs of life of the Black Meteorite Yak and the Black Mountain Demon Goat had also completely disappeared.

Although he could sense that their bodies still existed and had yet to be completely destroyed, their life fluctuations had indeed disappeared.

The scene transmitted by them before they died also shocked Yun An.

That was the power of faith!!!

The faith skill that swept up the dragon might directly heavily injured the two totems to the verge of death.

The terrifying dragon might was even close to divine might, making the Black Ram and the Black Yak feel fear that came from their hearts.

“Ah!!!” Yun An also felt a heart-wrenching pain.

“Starry Sky Faith God!! The power of a meteor!”

“Who is it again!!”

Yun An was shocked and furious. Apart from him, there was actually such a strong cosmic life form on Blue Planet?

Moreover, from the looks of it… they were all under Emperor Wu!

Yun An was immediately extremely angry. He looked at the broken Emperor Wu and the totems behind him.

He originally thought that this battle was all under his control.

However, it didn’t expect that Dong Huang’s foundation was far richer than it imagined.

Emperor Wu dared to enter the enemy’s nest not only because he had broken through, but also because he had sufficient backup plans.

“Wu Dong, very good, very good. I underestimated you.”

“So you’re the one who’s fully prepared.”

“Life that has mastered a quasi-divine skill, Starry Sky Faith God…”

“You can actually kill the three generals I sent. Apart from you, Dong Huang actually has such a guy.” Yun An’s eyes were filled with anger.

Emperor Wu: “?”

The Emperor Wu in front of Yun An was seven meters tall. Although it retained its human form to a large extent, the beast characteristics on its body were very obvious.

Bull horns, dragon blood, tiger patterns, ghost armor, sparrow robe… All kinds of independent beast characteristics appeared on his body, making Emperor Wu look very domineering.

Although black blood was dripping and the armor was continuously cracking, Emperor Wu maintained his calm and tried his best to recover his strength.

Behind him, the huge Iron-eating Beast and the other totems that had yet to fuse with Emperor Wu were also covered in injuries, but they still stared at Yun An.