Chapter 1090 - 1090 Not From This Space And Time (2)

1090 Not From This Space and Time (2)

The pet that reminded him just now was also shocked.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

This guy came from the future?!

What a joke.

“I’m an archeologist from Dong Huang. I actually came this time to take a look at the local customs of Dong Huang and come to do archaeology.

“You…” Emperor Wu didn’t know if Shi Yu was telling the truth, but this was too ridiculous.

At this moment, he has redefined archeology.

It was even more ridiculous than Shi Yu defeating Yun An in one hit.

“You’re saying that I’ll die in battle? Emperor Wu Dynasty will be destroyed??”

“Yes, under normal circumstances, Senior Emperor Wu, you would have perished with Yun An, just like what I said just now… Therefore, I don’t recommend forcing Yun An so tightly,” Shi Yu said.

Emperor Wu’s expression changed slightly.

“If what you say is true, you didn’t come here just to help me, right?”

Shi Yu said, “That’s right.”

“I also took a fancy to the two things on Senior Emperor Wu and want to take away some extinct resources.”

“What?”

“The development experience of the top-notch Fusion Talent, as well as the ‘Fusion Skill’ you created, Your Majesty Emperor Wu.”

Emperor Wu was silent, but he felt that it was only natural.

These things were indeed the most unique on him.

“Of course, in exchange, I’ll assist Your Majesty in killing Yun An. In addition, Senior Emperor Wu, you can’t fight Yun An like this.”

“Its attack has the characteristic of being incurable and unable to be cleansed. Even if Senior Emperor Wu feels that the injuries on your body have been treated and cleansed, that’s only on the surface.”

“Actually, the damage it caused to you has always been hidden in your body. When a certain time comes, it will erupt again.”

“This is also why you’ll lose to Yun An in the future.”

“As for me, apart from helping you kill Yun An, I can also help you completely cleanse this kind of injury. It should be considered an equivalent exchange, right?”

The Fusion Skill was a super Skill manual developed by Emperor Wu himself according to his top-notch Fusion Talent. Only Emperor Wu mastered it. After the Emperor Wu Dynasty was destroyed, this skill was severed.

Shi Yu had also learned about it from Aunt Ji Mengzhu.

This skill, just like its name, could allow the two pets to fuse and evolve for a short period of time. It was similar to the fusion talent of the Dong Huang Sequence trainer, Zhou Ming.

However, one needed the cooperation of the Beast Tamer, and the other needed the pet to rely on its own strength.

Of course, the difficulty of learning this skill was also very high. Among Emperor Wu’s pets, it was said that only Zhong Xuan and the Nether Snake had mastered this skill.

It was specially developed by Emperor Wu to evolve the “Four Holy Beasts: Black Tortoise”. Its goal was to let the divine turtle “Zhong Xuan” and the undead “Nether Snake” fuse and evolve.

The reason why Shi Yu took a fancy to this skill was because the Green Dragon had been cultivated. Moreover, Buggy had mastered skills like the Four Holy Clones, so it naturally had the intention of cultivating the White Tiger, Black Tortoise, and Vermillion Bird.

There were still so many vacancies in the second team. Every time he contracted an additional pet, the more attribute feedback he could obtain. In today’s history, apart from him, the closest to nurturing a green dragon was definitely the Dragon Emperor. If there was anyone closest to nurturing a black tortoise, it was undoubtedly Emperor Wu.

The Fusion Skill was the key to nurturing the Turtle Snake Black Tortoise.

“No matter who you are, since you helped Dong Huang avoid the damage of the Yun clan totem, I’ll thank you to the greatest extent,” Emperor Wu said.

….

Sixth Year in Emperor Wu Dynasty.

Dong Huang and the Yun Race had a second large-scale conflict.

In this battle, the half-god of the Yun clan and the twelve totem generals of the Yun clan all fought.

Among them, three totems were killed by Shi Yu, eight totems were heavily injured by Emperor Wu, and a totem that intercepted the reinforcements at the border of Dong Huang was urgently transferred back after Yun An discovered that the three totem generals had died in battle.

Under the situation where the half-god Yun An was also chased away, it could be said that Dong Huang’s side completely won.

“Your Majesty Emperor Wu, Sir Shi Yu!!”

At this moment, the Iron-eating Beast Corps at the border of Dong Huang had already met the Iron-eating Beast Corps in the Yun Nation. In the army, Ji Mengzhu and the others couldn’t help but have happy expressions when they saw Emperor Wu and Shi Yu return together.

“Your Majesty, where’s Yun An?”

At this moment, Emperor Wu had already recovered his appearance as a normal person. It was considered normal for him to be more than two meters tall among the body-forging Beast Tamers. He glanced at Shi Yu, who was yawning behind him, and said, “Yun An escaped.”

“Return to Dong Huang first and enter a battle state.”

“Soon, we’ll attack the Yun Nation.”

“Yes!” General Ji Yunhai immediately said.

“Your Majesty, are your injuries alright? Shi Yu, what about you? Are you injured?” Ji Mengzhu came over and asked about Emperor Wu and Shi Yu’s injuries.

“I’m fine.” Emperor Wu shook his head.

“I’m fine.” Shi Yu chuckled and said, “But Emperor Wu has injuries. He’s forcing himself.”

Emperor Wu: “?”

Ji Mengzhu: “Ah…”

“But don’t worry, I have a way to treat Emperor Wu,” Shi Yu said.

Emperor Wu glanced at Shi Yu again. Did he really expect Yun An’s attack to affect him that much?

At this moment, in the eyes of Emperor Wu, Shi Yu was very much like a medicine seller in the martial world. He even said that he was sick even if he wasn’t sick.

Although he also felt that Yun An’s attack was indeed not that simple…

It was even very likely that they were exposed this time because of the remnant power of Yun An on their bodies.

“Then, I’ll leave it to you,” Ji Mengzhu said.