Chapter 1096 - 1096 Eleven'S Evolution (4)

1096 Eleven’s Evolution (4)

But in the future, there might not be a need.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Although the Mirror Reflection could be used as a Defense Skill, it could also be used as a strengthening skill to strengthen Eleven’s Light Lightning power and increase its Enhancement Reflection power!

Apart from that… Eleven was overjoyed. Was Baby Ginseng’s self-destruction also light-element? Did it have any hope of reflecting the Moon Explosion?!

If possible, don’t ban it next time!

Baby Ginseng: “??? Dream on!”

After eating the second metal, Eleven was still very happy. It continued to look at the third metal.

Earth Mother Iron.

Without saying a word, the clueless guy ate it.

Skill: Turning Stone into Gold

[Stats]: Metal, Earth

[Level]: Super

< Introduction > It can transform earth-element power into metal-element power!

Shi Yu was amused.

Eleven was also amused.

This skill could be said to be the skill Eleven looked forward to the most.

Turning stone into gold!

This skill was very strong.

Compared to earth-element, wind-element, water-element, wood-element, thunder-element environments… were very rare in nature.

Therefore, it was very difficult for metal-element pets to find a suitable place to fight.

But after turning stone into gold, it would no longer be a problem.

Even ordinary sand could instantly become a metal arena under the power of turning stone into gold.

For overlord-level Iron-eating Beasts, using this skill would allow them to use a smaller price to exchange for more metal-element natural power to strengthen themselves.

Because it could casually turn a stone by the roadside into metal.

Iron-eating beasts didn’t like to eat rocks, but if it was metal, it was a different story.

It could be said that this was still a chef skill.

In fact, Shi Yu had heard that if one practiced to the extreme with high proficiency, they could also transform earth-element resources into metal-element resources. Earth-element pets could be modified into metal-element pets. It was very impressive.

This skill was also useful for Eleven. After all, Eleven could really eat…

In the future, he would just let Eleven go out and eat dirt.

The choice of high-end resources was also greater. Eleven also used earth-element resources and snatched the opportunity!

“Wuuu!!” Sensing that Eleven’s excitement and aura were even stronger, Emperor Wu and the others understood that this little Iron-eating Beast had succeeded again.

Logically speaking, the pressure on the Iron-eating Beast would increase as it ate the evolution metal and carved a new inscription, but this Iron-eating Beast…

There was no pressure at all. It was like eating snacks as it ate all the evolution metals, as if its potential was endless!

It still wanted to eat!

Eleven continued to look at Molten Gold.

It had just finished eating water and soil. Now, Eleven wanted some hot food.

Seeing Eleven grab the Molten Gold with one hand, Ji Mengzhu couldn’t help but remind, “The absorption of the Molten Gold has the highest risk level apart from the meteorite fragment. The Skill it brings is also the most difficult to master. It requires the Iron-eating Beast to have extremely strong resistance to fire-element power…”

“Don’t worry.”

Shi Yu said. Fire resistance… Eleven was really quite powerful there.

Although fire countered metal, for Eleven, who had mastered (Perfect+47) the Metal Battle Body, it might be only inferior to metal resistance and lightning resistance.

“Wuu ~”

Under Ji Mengzhu’s silent gaze, Eleven directly grabbed the molten gold that could burn overlord-level lives and stuffed it into its mouth. It directly ate it. Then, it spat out a mouthful of white hot air and burped.

“Burp ~”

Its face was red, and it looked like it wanted more.

Moreover, in the next moment, a shocking heat bloomed from Eleven’s body. The rising high temperature directly melted the surrounding ground and the surrounding space. The sky instantly turned fiery red. Seeing this, the expressions of Ji Mengzhu, Ji Yunhai, and the others changed and they retreated slightly. Even Emperor Wu revealed shocked expressions.

If this high temperature was focused, it could probably instantly melt a Normal totem!

“How strong is your Iron-eating Beast’s fire resistance?” Emperor Wu couldn’t help but ask.

Even its Iron-eating Beast, after training this skill for so long, was not as powerful as Shi Yu’s Iron-eating Beast when it first awakened!

Skill: Molten Gold

[Stats]: Metal, Fire

[Level]: Super

< Introduction > Depending on its melting point, it can allow the metal that forms the body to release high fire-element temperatures that are close to or even exceed the temperature of its melting point. In a high temperature state, its fire-element resistance will increase greatly, and the speed of its energy flow will increase.

“Roar!!!” Eleven roared excitedly.

Shi Yu scratched his cheek and said, “Don’t worry, it will control its strength well. Its fire-element resistance is indeed not bad. After all, at the commander rank, it began to train its body through the Sun Fire and volcano magma…”

Everyone: “?”

A commander rank used Sun Fire and volcanic magma to train? It was metal-element Iron-eating Beast. Was this Shi Yu human?

Emperor Wu’s Iron-eating Beast was shocked. At the commander level, it was still nibbling on bamboo in Ji Mengzhu’s arms. It looked at Shi Yu and felt that this Beast Tamer was too much.

“Wuu!!!” Eleven sensed its powerful strength and howled excitedly. It didn’t blame the Beast Tamer! It took the initiative to ask!

Unfortunately, the conditions at the Awakening and transcendent levels were limited, and it missed the best opportunity to build the foundation…

Perfect. At this moment, sensing the power obtained from four consecutive rounds of evolution, Eleven already had no regrets on this trip. It wanted to fight Yun An!! Fight ten!

No… Yun An was still a little dangerous… Eleven looked at the Iron-eating Beast that had been looking at it seriously.

Emperor Wu Iron-eating Beast:? What are you doing?

Eleven: (.◕ˇ∀ˇ◕) Fight!!! Hurry up and evolve! Then, let’s experiment with a new Skill!