Chapter 1098 - 1098 First Law Revival (2)

1098 First Law Revival (2)

“This kid is stronger again.” And after seeing the evolution of the Emperor Wu Iron-eating Beast, Zhong Xuan cursed at the Emperor Wu pet.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

From the looks of it, he probably couldn’t defeat this little bear alone without fusing with the Nether Snake.

Before Emperor Wu’s Iron-eating Beast evolved, Emperor Wu also released his other battle pets one by one and witnessed the evolution of the Iron-eating Beast together.

Emperor Wu’s current nine battle pets were Iron-eating Beast, Pseudo Green Dragon, Pseudo White Tiger, Pseudo Vermillion Bird, Zhong Xuan, Nether Snake, Emperor Wu Armor, Divine Tree of Life, and Ethereal Time Monkey.

Among them, Shi Yu was the most familiar with Zhong Xuan. He sighed with emotion. The Zhong Xuan turtle from the original space and time definitely didn’t expect that he would actually transmigrate back and see Emperor Wu. Moreover, it planned to kill Yun An with Emperor Wu.

“Roar.” At this moment, the Demon God Iron-eating Beast that had completed its evolution glanced at Zhong Xuan and the other pets, especially the old turtle Zhong Xuan, with a rather smug expression.

From today onwards, it would be Emperor Wu’s strongest trump card!!!

It already had this foundation!

“Don’t be arrogant. Respond to its enthusiasm first.” Zhong Xuan muttered and looked at the little panda beside Shi Yu who was warming up with straight punches, straight punches, uppercuts, and left hooks.

“Roar!!!” Emperor Wu’s other pets also joined in.

As the ninth member of Emperor Wu Team, the Iron-eating Beast’s strength progress was the fastest. These seniors felt a sense of danger.

The Demon God Iron-eating Beast that had just evolved definitely had to adapt to its skills through battle. To be honest, none of them wanted to be that sparring partner.

Therefore…

In the next moment, the Iron-eating Beast looked at Eleven and the smiling Shi Yu. “…”

It was rather speechless. Did this little guy want to fight it so much?

“Cough.” Shi Yu realized that Emperor Wu’s team seemed to be quite messy. They weren’t inferior to his team. These nine pets all had the Will of overlords. They were quite impressive.

“We can indeed adapt to each other. Senior Emperor Wu, let them stop when it’s time.”

“In the future, the other pets have to understand each other and nurture tacit understanding,” Shi Yu said.

“Yes,” Emperor Wu said. “I have a quasi-divine-level ruin I carry with me. It’s a place I often train. Let them train there.”

Emperor Wu felt that Shi Yu would be a very good sparring opponent.

After reaching the Legendary domain, those who were evenly matched were all enemies. There were not many opportunities to spar at the same level. He felt that after preparing for battle with Shi Yu, his overall strength could still increase.

It was the same for Shi Yu. He felt that after sparring with Emperor Wu, who was famous for his battle power in history, his overall strength could increase greatly.

“You guys…” General Ji Yun smiled bitterly.” I wonder if I can take a look at the spar between the two Iron-eating Beasts. ”

“I want it too…” Ji Mengzhu said.

When Shi Yu heard that, he smiled and said, “Then I’ll summon all my pets too.”

With Emperor Wu’s nine totems as sparring partners, how could Eleven fight alone?

Emperor Wu nodded. Then, Shi Yu began to summon Buggy and the others. However, this summoning made Emperor Wu and the others fall silent again.

Buzz!!

A total of nine black summoning arrays appeared in all directions of Shi Yu, making Ji Mengzhu and Ji Yunchong widen their eyes.

They carefully counted… one, two, three… nine!

They rubbed their eyes and were very sure that he didn’t count wrongly.

As the nine summoning arrays appeared, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong, Susu, Ling’s clone, Little Ji, Duckie, Little Purple, and Qi came out. Even Emperor Wu was a little stunned.

Was something wrong?

The legend Beast Tamer was a level-seven space. Logically speaking, there should only be seven contract slots. However, including the Iron-eating Beast that was already outside, Shi Yu had already activated ten summoning arrays and summoned ten pets!!

After all, this was the number of contracts that only Mythical Beast Tamers had!

“Roar! ~ ~” After Buggy and the others came out, their gazes immediately landed on Emperor Wu’s group of pets, especially Buggy, who immediately locked onto Emperor Wu’s Green Dragon.

Among the pets summoned by Shi Yu, Cube Ling was only a clone. It was in charge of arranging battle plans for the other pets. Its main body was still researching the secret Arms against Yun An.

Qi had just woken up, but she was still blurry. She pulled Little Zi beside her and hugged her as a pillow. Her cherry mouth opened and she yawned.

“Ten… ten!!” Ji Mengzhu was at a loss.

However, why were most of Shi Yu’s pets so small and looked so harmless!

In fact, there was even a ginseng baby.

The only two who looked like experts were the huge lava dragon and the Demon Duck that emitted an abyss-like terrifying aura.

Shi Yu explained, “My Beast Taming Space has been strengthened, so I can contract more pets.”

At this moment, for the first time, Emperor Wu revealed an envious expression. If he could also contract more pets, his physique would definitely be stronger.

“Is this the sword spirit that killed the Black Space Divine Dragon?” Emperor Wu looked at the Immortal Slaying Sword Formation that had shrunk to the size of Qi and was like a mini Sword Maiden.

“But I’m more curious. It…”

Emperor Wu looked at the Blue Sea Sprite Susu in the form of a Water Slime and felt that it was unbelievable.

“I have some guesses about its identity and race, but I don’t know if it’s correct,” Emperor Wu said to Shi Yu.