Chapter 1094 - 1094 Eleven'S Evolution (2)

1094 Eleven’s Evolution (2)

“Roar!!” After Emperor Wu’s Iron-eating Beast came out, it greeted Ji Mengzhu and Ji Yunchong.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Then, it stared at Shi Yu with a burning gaze. To be precise, it was the summoning array beside Shi Yu.

“Wuu ~” The one-meter-tall Eleven appeared from the black summoning array and stretched. From its size and cuteness, it could be seen that Emperor Wu’s Iron-eating Beast was not trained well in terms of the restraint state.

“Wuu!” As soon as Eleven came out, it also looked at the big guy beside Emperor Wu seriously.

The three Iron-eating Beasts worth challenging in Emperor Wu Dynasty, the Iron-eating Beast Ancestor, General Ji Yun’s trump card Iron-eating Beast, and Emperor Wu’s Iron-eating Beast.

Eleven remembered it clearly in a small notebook.

“It’s called Eleven, right?” Ji Mengzhu immediately said when she saw Eleven.

“Yes.” Shi Yu nodded.

“Father, Emperor Wu, Eleven is very strong… My Iron-eating Beast can’t withstand a single move from it.”

Emperor Wu was not surprised. “Brother Shi Yu, your pets look very strong.”

Shi Yu called him senior, and Emperor Wu called him brother. Both parties discussed their own things…

At this moment, Emperor Wu had already understood.

Shi Yu’s pet that killed the Black Space Divine Dragon in Wu Ling City was actually another one! A mysterious sword spirit!

Green Dragon, mysterious water element, mysterious sword spirit…

Almost every one of them had the peak strength of a top-notch totem stage. It was simply ridiculous.

Although this Iron-eating Beast looked young and didn’t evolve completely, its strength shouldn’t be weak. Even if it couldn’t compare to those three, the Iron-eating Beast that could defeat Ji Mengzhu so easily definitely had the strength to defeat totems above its level.

Emperor Wu, Ji Yunhai, and the others were very certain.

“It’s alright.” Shi Yu smiled.

“Why don’t we let Eleven evolve first?” Shi Yu said. “It’s been looking forward to the remaining four inscriptions for a long time.”

These metals had already disappeared in the modern era, forcing Eleven to come to ancient times to fill in the gaps.

Rich lady, hungry, hungry, eating.

“Alright…” Ji Mengzhu hurriedly took out the four evolution metals Shi Yu wanted.

In the next moment, spatial ripples rippled slightly.

Four fist-sized special metal ores appeared in the outside world.

Each of them contained energy fluctuations above level eight.

For Shi Yu and the others, who were used to using Legendary resources, level eight was not high.

However, these resources were different.

When using resources on pets, the first thing to consider should actually be compatibility.

No matter how high the resource level was, if the compatibility with the pet was not high, the effect of using it would not be very good.

Just like feeding Chi Tong ice-element Legendary energy crystals, what he obtained was only joy and diarrhea. There was no strength!

On the other hand, if resources were tailor-made for pets, even if it was a low-level resource, it was possible to display a 200% strengthening range Effect that exceeded the strengthening range of high-level resources.

These inscription metals were clearly the metals with the highest compatibility for the Iron-eating Beast race. Every one of them had an enhancement Effect close to a Legendary resource for the Iron-eating Beast.

Moreover, these were the best evolution materials carefully selected by Ji Mengzhu.

“That’s it.”

After Ji Mengzhu took out the four metals of different colors, she placed them on the big rock.

Among the four metals, there was a completely golden “Xun Iron” that looked like a fallen leaf. The surrounding airflow was chaotic, and it should be a metal with wind and metal Stats.

There was also a “mirror stone” that looked like a water drop. The surrounding halo was messy, reflecting the surrounding scene like a mirror. It was a water and metal attribute “mirror stone”.

The other piece was brown and had a very irregular shape, like a random soil lump dug out. Its aura was the most ordinary. It was the “earth mother iron” of the earth and metal attributes.

The last piece of magma jelly swayed like a piece of fiery red molten metal that emitted a shocking heat. It looked the most dangerous. It was the “molten metal” of the fire and metal attributes.

“Gulp.” Seeing this, Eleven licked its lips. Who knew how long it had been looking forward to it?

“Let’s eat.” Shi Yu smiled. Eleven immediately ran over excitedly, grabbed the Xun Iron, and stuffed it into its mouth. This scene stunned Ji Yunchong, Ji Mengzhu, Emperor Wu, and Emperor Wu Iron-eating Beast.

“Crack.” Eleven ate the Xun Iron in one bite.

“Wait, wait a minute.” Ji Mengzhu was stunned. “Aren’t you going to recover to your normal state and carve the inscription?”

Just as she finished speaking, Boom!!!

Right on the heels of that, a golden cyclone wrapped around Little Eleven’s entire body. The violent Gust formed a tornado that directly swallowed it!!

Then, under everyone’s shocked gazes, white light began to linger on Eleven’s body! There were no inscriptions at all!

“Wuu!!”

Eleven roared, and its body was completely wrapped in white light. The surrounding metal-element Gust became stronger and stronger, carrying a murderous aura. Accompanied by Eleven’s full-level royal deterrence, Ji Mengzhu and Ji Yunhai’s pupils constricted.

“Roar!!!” In the face of Eleven in this state, Emperor Wu’s royal Iron-eating Beast, which had already carved eight inscriptions and had top-notch totem battle power, changed its expression and immediately took a step back.

“Above transcendent, almost extreme deterrence!” Emperor Wu said.

As expected, this Iron-eating Beast was also a monster!

“Don’t worry, its control over its body has already reached a very high level. There’s no need to stick to the form of fusing the evolution metal,” Shi Yu said with a smile.

Transcendent-level superalloy, max-level hardening, and super body control that could freely switch between many forms. It would be strange if Eleven still needed to carve inscriptions step by step.