Chapter 1095 - 1095 Eleven'S Evolution (3)

1095 Eleven’s Evolution (3)

It only needed to eat the metal. Then, with a thought, it could reference the inscription path and let the corresponding digestion method directly circulate in its body to complete evolution.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

It ate quickly, digested quickly, and evolved quickly. Soon, the evolution light dissipated. Eleven was still in its form and stood quietly on the spot. It raised its arm slightly, and the golden airflow was instantly pulled to its side with the movement of its arm.

Skill: Killing Wind

[Stats]: Metal, Wind

[Level]: Super

< Introduction > It’s an extremely cold metal-element wind. It’s like the aura of withered plants in autumn. It can severely affect the life form of the enemy who comes into contact with the murderous wind, increasing the speed of the enemy’s consumption and injuries.

At this moment, as Eleven awakened its new Skill, Shi Yu smiled.

“Success…” At the side, Ji Mengzhu couldn’t help but be in disbelief when she saw Eleven complete a small evolution and successfully awaken a new Race Skill after just eating the Xun Iron.

There was really no inscription…!

“It’s actually so easy…” General Ji Yun had also lived for a long time and had an incredulous expression.

It was clearly an evolution method passed down by his ancestor, but when Shi Yu used it, he felt especially unfamiliar.

At the same time.

He could sense that the murderous wind in Eleven’s hand was extremely terrifying.

This was a skill that weakened the enemy’s state. Apart from being related to metal and wind attainments, the effect of the Skill was also related to the user’s deterrence level, battle Resistance, and strength of killing intent. The stronger these were, the colder and crueler the murderous wind. The more the enemy could feel fear, the greater the weakening state.

It could be said that it was a super Skill that could be perfectly compatible with deterrence.

The others couldn’t judge, but only the deterrence level could be judged. This Iron-eating Beast was definitely ridiculously high.

“Wuuu!!” Eleven was delighted.

This time… it wasn’t afraid of Buggy anymore.

Originally, Eleven’s aura was the strongest among all the members.

After all, it was a full-level royal deterrence.

However, with the killing wind, Eleven felt that as long as it polished it and suppressed Buggy again, it would be just around the corner. At the same time, the effect of the killing wind was also very effective against opponents with strong recovery abilities like Buggy and Baby Ginseng.

In the next team internal competition, he should be able to easily kill Buggy, right?

[Buggy:??? Wishful thinking!]

“Continue,” Shi Yu said.

Upon hearing that, Eleven ran to pick up the mirror stone and ate it.

“Mirror Stone can allow the Iron-eating Beast to awaken the ‘Mirror Reflection’ Skill, right?” Shi Yu said.

“Yes,” General Ji Yun said.

“This skill is very special. It’s tailor-made for the weakness of the Demon God Iron-eating Beast.”

“Actually, among the nine inscriptions, the first inscription developed was the Demon God inscription that evolved through the meteorite fragment.”

“And the Demon God Body Skill of the Demon God Iron-eating Beast can allow any Stats Skill to have dark-element effects. Therefore, when its other inscriptions evolve, there are so many Skill Stats in order to maximize the effect of the Demon God Body.”

“However, not all skills are to cooperate with the Demon God Body. The Demon God Iron-eating Beast is dark-element and is afraid of light Stats. Therefore, its Mirror Reflection Skill is extremely special among all skills. It’s specially born to counter light-element.”

Skill: Mirror Reflection

[Stats]: Metal, Water

[Level]: Super

< Introduction > It can enter the mirror state and reflect light-element Skills. According to the skill level, it can strengthen the power of the light-element Skill reflected.

Obviously, this was a defensive skill against light. Ordinary Demon God Iron-eating Beasts were really afraid of light…

But…

“Wait, I remember…” At this moment, as Eleven entered the evolution state again, Ji Mengzhu suddenly thought of something.

“Eleven… has it mastered light-element lightning?!”

She clearly remembered that when Eleven fought her Iron-eating Beast, apart from the black Demon God lightning that represented the dark element, there was also a special white lightning!

“What?” When Ji Mengzhu finished speaking, General Ji Yunhai was stunned.

Didn’t he say previously that this guy had already evolved into a Demon God Iron-eating Beast?

Demon God Iron-eating Beast… was not compatible with light!

“Yes.” In the face of Ji Mengzhu’s question, Shi Yu nodded and smiled. He didn’t deny it. At this moment, as Eleven completed its evolution, it directly entered the Thunder God Armor state.

“Wuu!!”

Eleven roared, and white lightning shot out of its mouth and eyes.

White lightning wrapped around its entire body. Eleven’s black and white hair shone. It was like a thunder god bathed in lightning, and its body contained shocking divine power.

A moment later, Eleven dispersed the lightning and nodded in satisfaction under the incomprehensible expressions of Ji Mengzhu, Ji Yunhai, and the others.

“Wu wu wu.”

“You…” Emperor Wu couldn’t help but look at Shi Yu.

“Not bad, the Mirror Reflection Skill indeed has a certain increase in White Lightning.” Shi Yu was also very satisfied.

The White Lightning Skill was actually not as strong as the Demon God Body Skill.

Therefore, when using the power of light, darkness, and lightning daily, in order to balance the power, Eleven would reduce the use of the power of the Demon God to a certain extent, in order to balance with the power of White Lightning.