Chapter 1093 - 1093 Eleven'S Evolution

1093 Eleven’s Evolution

Emperor Wu’s situation exceeded Shi Yu’s expectations.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Shi Yu originally thought that the culprit behind Emperor Wu’s death was Yun An’s law injury.

In that case, actually, with Susu’s strongest cleansing, it could still be removed.

However, Shi Yu didn’t expect that apart from Yun An’s negative buff, Emperor Wu also had a law curse from a divine-level domain.

Lifespan was fixed. This could already be said to be a negative curse.

Susu could currently cleanse the negative buffs of the demigod level, but the divine level… Shi Yu estimated that it would be difficult.

Moreover, the form of this curse was also very strange. Even if the Sea Cleansing Spirit reached the divine level, it was still a question if it could be cleansed.

However, in the end, it was still because his strength was insufficient. Otherwise, if he directly let Eleven onto the Yin Yang Millstone, any power of laws could be obliterated.

The premise was that Eleven could control the power of the Yin Yang Millstone to obliterate the negative laws without accidentally injuring Emperor Wu… And now, clearly, it couldn’t. He would die if he tried.

“Therefore, when the time comes, you will still die.”

Shi Yu looked at Emperor Wu and said.

Emperor Wu said, “Actually, it’s nothing. I’m already mentally prepared.”

“Under normal circumstances, you would die in Yun An’s self-destruction. If history changes, what do you think?”

Emperor Wu stood up and said, “Of course it’s to charge into the Mythical Domain. Perhaps after stepping into the Mythical Domain, there will be a trace of life. To put it bluntly, apart from wanting to eliminate a threat for Dong Huang, I also want to use its power to nurture battle and break through to the divine level.”

“Unfortunately, the rules on Blue Planet are incomplete. There’s no hope for myths in the end, unless you leave Blue Planet and search for an opportunity in the starry sky.” Shi Yu shook his head.

Then, he raised his head and said, “Or, seal yourself and stop your life from flowing. Wait for the Mythical Revival Era thousands of years later to awaken and find an opportunity to break through.”

Shi Yu shrugged. The stronger one was, the more different the scenery they saw. It was known that the Mythical creatures that had not left Blue Planet in the Mythical Era had sealed their life activities and slept on Blue Planet, waiting for the Mythical Revival.

Then, he felt that this theory could also be used on legendary-level creatures.

As long as they found a way, those Legendary and demigods could completely seal themselves and wait for the blue planet’s laws to recover before coming back. It didn’t seem impossible.

Shi Yu could already imagine that after the Mythical Revival, gods might not be the only ones revived. Perhaps powerful ancient demigods sleeping in the ruins would also awaken one after another.

Not all the sealed ancient experts might have died.

“Unfortunately, I’ve tried. In any sealed state, my life will still flow away,” Emperor Wu said.

Emperor Wu said, “You’re very powerful. I’m only saying this because I suddenly feel a little emotional. Seeing your strength, I’m more at ease with the future of the human race. The history of the human race is the history of suffering, but even if there will still be suffering, a powerful Beast Tamer like you will ultimately appear.”

“That’s true…” Shi Yu shook his head and said,” Forget it. If you can find the Mythical Path and live to the future, you’ll realize that not only are humans suffering, but the entire Blue Planet is also having difficulties. There are many sufferings. ”

“Otherwise, I wouldn’t have come here to find resources to become stronger.”

The “good” days were still ahead.

If the Abyss Evil God, the Space Worm, and the others made a comeback, they would all die!

Emperor Wu: “?”

“Your Majesty Emperor Wu.”

“Shi Yu.”

“Are you guys there?”

At this moment, Ji Mengzhu’s voice suddenly came from the outside world.

“Come in.”

As Emperor Wu’s voice fell, Ji Mengzhu entered. She looked at Emperor Wu and Shi Yu in the room and said, “Your Majesty Emperor Wu, the various evolution metals of the Iron-eating Beast have been brought over.”

Emperor Wu looked at Shi Yu.

Shi Yu also looked at the ancient Panda senior and immediately smiled. “I only want fire, earth, water, and wind evolution metals.”

Ji Mengzhu nodded repeatedly.

“The rest, pack them up.”

Ji Mengzhu: “?”

“Senior Emperor Wu, has your Iron-eating Beast already carved eight inscriptions?” Shi Yu asked.

“Apart from the meteorite fragment, all the other metals have been absorbed.” Emperor Wu nodded.

“Then why don’t we do it together?” Shi Yu looked at the pile of meteorite fragments on the table and said.

Emperor Wu’s Iron-eating Beast talent potential was not bad.

Not every Iron-eating Beast had the chance to carve nine inscriptions. The more inscriptions it carved, the stricter the requirements on its physique.

But today, two giant pandas with nine inscriptions were probably about to be born here.

No… To be precise, Shi Yu’s Eleven was ten inscriptions.

Apart from the original nine inscriptions, there was also the exclusive superalloy inscription developed by Ling.

“Sure.” Emperor Wu nodded. He also wanted to see Shi Yu’s Iron-eating Beast.

…

At the border of Dong Huang.

Soon.

Shi Yu and the others arrived at a spacious land.

General Ji Yunhai rushed over when he heard the news. In a small place, one Legendary and three legends gathered at once.

After arriving outside, Emperor Wu summoned his Iron-eating Beast as he walked.

“Roar!!!”

A two-meter-tall panda in a restrained form with a domineering expression directly appeared.

This Iron-eating Beast had just finished the battle, but the injuries on its body had already healed.

Seeing that Emperor Wu had prepared a pile of healing resources for this battle, Shi Yu didn’t even have time to recommend the ginseng baby divine medicine. Apart from the incurable Yun An’s injuries, most of the other injuries had already healed.