Chapter 1097 - 1097 First Law Revival

1097 First Law Revival

“Thank you for the evolution materials.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

After Eleven finished evolving, Shi Yu was satisfied.

At this moment, Eleven was finally complete.

Next, he maxed out these four new Skills to nearly transcendent.

“Your Iron-eating Beast is a little ridiculously strong,” Emperor Wu said. “Although your pets can easily kill totems and even fight demigods, I can sense that they’re still at the overlord level.”

“The growth level of life has yet to reach the totem level.”

When its growth level reached the totem level, its life form would condense like the source, and it would be extremely malleable. This was also the foundation of totem-level life forms being able to optimize their race and skills.

In this state, the life fluctuations of pets would change. Life forms of the same level or even low-level might not be easy to detect, but for experts, they could vaguely sense the difference in the essence of overlord-level and totem-level life forms.

Shi Yu smiled and said, “It’s just that the foundation is better.”

After half a year of bitter cultivation, Eleven and the others’ super racial skills were all close to transcendent. Some of the super skills taught had already reached transcendent. In addition to the growth increase brought by quasi-divine skills and Mythical Races, it could be said that even if they didn’t use quasi-divine skills and didn’t have the enhancement of Beast Tamers, Eleven and the others all had the battle power of top-notch totems.

If he used quasi-divine skills, faith skills, or obtained Shi Yu’s strengthening, he would be invincible below the demigod level. He would be at the top of top-notch totems, similar to the Tyrant Dragon King of the Dragonman Empire.

If he didn’t have such strength, Shi Yu didn’t dare to say that he could fight a demigod evenly.

“From the looks of it, it’s filled with Warpath.” Emperor Wu glanced at Eleven and then looked at his Iron-eating Beast. “You should evolve soon too.”

“After evolution, let’s prepare for battle together and discuss how to deal with Yun An next.” Emperor Wu looked at Shi Yu again.

“Yes.” Shi Yu nodded and said, “I’ll get my assistant to intensify his research.”

On Ling’s side, it had already started to study how to locate Yun An and restrict his self-destruction. Actually, Dong Huang had started this research a long time ago.

Using history as an example, it was necessary to capture Yun An alive and think of a way to restrict the skill to seal Yun An. Otherwise, if Yun An self-destructed, not to mention renewable resources, even the dregs of resources would be gone.

Among them, Dong Huang had always had a backup of technological Arms that restricted self-destruction, and it wasn’t only targeted at Yun An. However, this weapon was extremely rare, and the number was comparable to divine forbidden Arms. As for the technology that targeted Yun An, it was a pity. Because the modern Yun An was too cunning and had mastered countermeasures to technology, it had yet to succeed.

However, Yun An had never seen a Mechanic in this era, so it shouldn’t have this consciousness. With its fragments as a medium, it should be easy to find it.

“In order to restrict Yun An’s self-destruction, I still need some materials…” Shi Yu said.

“What materials?” Emperor Wu asked.

“In order to evolve the four holy beasts, Your Majesty Emperor Wu, you should have gathered a lot of faith items of the four holy beasts, right?” Shi Yu chuckled.

On Ling’s side, it planned to take another path and combine Buggy’s Four Anti-Demon Saint clones and the power of technology to seal Yun An’s self-destruction. However, just its and Buggy’s power was definitely not enough to seal Yun An. It could only spend money.

The faith item of the four holy beasts was a very good paywall method. It could strengthen Buggy’s strength to the limit.

Emperor Wu’s eyelids twitched.

Items of the Four Holy Beasts? This guy sure was asking for a lot!

After hearing Shi Yu’s request, Emperor Wu suspected that Shi Yu had long been eyeing his collection.

He didn’t have other hobbies.

He liked to collect some antiques, especially antiques related to the four holy beasts. After becoming an emperor, he even placed all the faith items of the four holy beasts that could be found in Dong Huang in Imperial City.

Apart from liking it, the faith power contained in these things was also related to the cultivation of the four holy beasts. It was especially rare.

And now, Shi Yu directly asked for it. It was impossible for Emperor Wu not to feel the pinch…

“To use a portion and bring back a portion!” Shi Yu thought.

In the historical records, most of the four holy beasts of Dong Huang believed in antiques that were lost after the destruction of Emperor Wu Dynasty. Apart from the iron-eating beast evolution materials, Shi Yu was already here, so he naturally had to share some of these things.

“I understand.” In order to destroy Yun An, Emperor Wu endured it.

Next, Emperor Wu’s Iron-eating Beast also successfully evolved into a Demon God Iron-eating Beast by devouring nine meteorite fragments. Its aura was even larger, and it vaguely showed signs of becoming Emperor Wu’s number one battle pet.

A demonic aura bloomed from the Iron-eating Beast. Its gaze was deep and filled with supreme power, and its confidence was overflowing.

“Success! Dong Huang’s second… No, wait, the third Demon God Iron-eating Beast!” Ji Mengzhu was especially happy to see this.

“I wonder when my Iron-eating Beast can evolve again.”

“Your Iron-eating Beast’s will still needs to be tempered again. Otherwise, it will be very difficult to withstand the meteorite fragment.” General Ji Yun glanced at Ji Mengzhu.

“Big Brother Ji is right. Mengzhu, you still have to improve, but that day isn’t far away. With Brother Shi Yu’s help, everyone can evolve after dealing with Yun An.” Emperor Wu smiled and looked at Ji Mengzhu. He and General Ji Yunchong were sworn brothers. Before he became emperor, it was all thanks to the help of the Iron-eating Beast Tribe. He naturally cared extremely about his daughter, Big Brother Ji Yunchong.

Otherwise, it was impossible for him to let the other party be in charge of taking care of the young royal Iron-eating Beast he chose.