Chapter 1091 - 1091 Not From This Space And Time (3)

1091 Not From This Space and Time (3)

“By the way, Emperor Wu, Sir Shi Yu is a Beast Tamer recruited from all over Wu Ling City. According to the rules, you need to personally assess those at the Legend level.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“It’s all thanks to Sir Shi Yu rushing over to save us this time. Otherwise, not only would Wu Ling City encounter a calamity, but my father’s side would probably be very dangerous.”

“I know. When we return to Dong Huang, I’ll thank Brother Shi Yu well.” Emperor Wu nodded. However, how was this a Beast Tamer recruited by the country? This was clearly a super expert who didn’t belong to this space and time.

If he wasn’t wrong, that green dragon was the real green dragon.

And that water-element life form that had mastered a quasi-divine skill and could cleanse the power of Yun An… Its identity was definitely extraordinary.

Green Dragon and quasi-divine skills were his highest pursuit. Now, he had yet to complete either, but this Shi Yu had completed them.

No wonder, although it was only at the legend level, its battle power was comparable to a Legendary. Future Beast Tamers were all so terrifying?

….

Although it was said to be returning to Dong Huang, it was actually returning to the border. The Iron-eating Beast Army, Emperor Wu, Shi Yu, and the others were temporarily resting at the border.

In the military camp, Emperor Wu invited Shi Yu to meet again.

Emperor Wu took out the 19 meteorite fragments of different sizes he had obtained this time and placed them on the table. “With these, you can locate Yun An’s location?”

“Also, develop tools to deal with it.”

“Yes.” Shi Yu nodded and said, “But there’s no need for so much. Just give me ten. As for the rest, Your Majesty Emperor Wu, you can use it to evolve your Iron-eating Beast first.”

“After it evolves into a Demon God Iron-eating Beast, it should be considered one of the best among the top totem battle power. At the same time, after fusing with it, its attack resistance to Yun An will be stronger. It will be easier to fight Yun An in the future.”

“Alright.” Emperor Wu nodded and said, “I heard it from Mengzhu just now.”

“Brother Shi Yu, the resource you want should be the Iron-eating Beast inscription evolution resource, right? I heard from her that you also have an Iron-eating Beast. You came to Wu Ling City to respond to the national conscription for this.”

“Yes.” Shi Yu smiled and nodded. “This is what I need the most. If possible, please pack hundreds of copies for me to take away.”

“Evolution ingredients… I’d like a few hundred too.”

The corners of Emperor Wu’s mouth twitched. “Dong Huang doesn’t have more than a hundred of each of the eight evolution metals. There are even less than ten left.”

“So few.” Shi Yu was stunned.

Emperor Wu said, “This is a stable evolution ingredient of an overlord race. This number is already very terrifying. It’s all the resources of Dong Huang.”

“I’ve thought about your request just now. I can agree to it. As long as you can assist me in completely killing Yun An, I can give you the Fusion Technique, the development experience of the top-notch Fusion Talent, or any resources.”

“Really?” Shi Yu was happy.

“Well, next, I’ll get Mengzhu to get the best inscription evolution metal for you and let your Iron-eating Beast undergo perfect evolution.”

“That’s good.”

Shi Yu nodded. At the moment, only five of the eleven or nine original inscriptions were carved. They were inscriptions with spatial, wood, dark, lightning, and Spirit attributes.

There were still four to carve. After a fusion, there were four more perfect and super powerful top-notch super Skills.

Eleven cried out the whole day, waiting for these four Skills to surpass Chi Tong.

“Also,” Emperor Wu said, “you shouldn’t stay in this space and time for too long, right?”

“I can sense that this space and time are slowly rejecting you.”

“It shouldn’t be long before you…”

Shi Yu nodded and said, “Indeed. Fortunately, I’m not strong, so the rejection isn’t strong. I can still stay for a while.”

“During this period of time, let’s prepare well and try to destroy Yun An before I leave.”

Emperor Wu was silent.

“I’ll also give you the teaching method and corresponding resources of the fusion skill later. I’ll also give you the development experience of the top-notch Fusion Talent. However, I can’t guarantee that you can definitely use it after you obtain it.”

“The Fusion Skill is a skill I developed for the Turtle Race and the Snake Race. It’s not perfect. At the moment, only these two races have the highest compatibility in learning it.”

Shi Yu said, “That’s alright, because I want the fusion skill because I also want to nurture a Black Tortoise to give it a try.”

Emperor Wu raised his head and looked at Shi Yu. “Looks like your ambition is not small. It’s not enough that you’ve already cultivated a perfect green dragon, but you still have thoughts about the Black Tortoise.”

Shi Yu smiled. “Senior, don’t you also want all four holy beasts?”

Emperor Wu said, “So I haven’t succeeded in any of them.”

“It doesn’t matter. It’s not a precious Skill anyway. As for the experience for using the top-notch Fusion Talent, it’s the same. Although I don’t know what you’re using it for, it’s almost impossible to develop the same top-notch Fusion Talent with my development method.”

“I was able to develop the Fusion Talent a second time thanks to a fortuitous encounter in my early years.”

“I used the same method to teach other Beast Tamers who also mastered the Fusion Talent, but they can’t do it to my level anymore.”

Shi Yu said, “What fortuitous encounter? Did you need any resources to assist?”

On Shi Yu’s side, if he wanted to replicate the top-notch Fusion Talent in the modern era, the resources he could provide were only the World Tree Fruit that increased comprehension and the Body Control Talent Bead. However, if Emperor Wu said that he needed any other resources, he could also think of a way.