Chapter 1099 - 1099 First Law Revival (3)

1099 First Law Revival (3)

“What guess?” Shi Yu said.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“The legendary strongest demigod, the guardian of the sea, the Blue Sea Sprite that has mastered the strongest cleansing power,” Emperor Wu said. “That Blue Sea Sprite that hasn’t appeared in 1,000 years.”

“What?!” As soon as Emperor Wu finished speaking, General Ji Yun and Ji Mengzhu suddenly looked at Susu.

“Ning.” Susu sighed. When could it escape its identity as an Blue Sea Sprite and become a Star Sea Sprite?

“Well, the reason why I said I could help Senior Emperor Wu cleanse your Yun An radiation is because of it. Unfortunately, it’s in the reincarnation stage now and hasn’t completely recovered its strength. For example, the number of times it can release the attack that repelled Yun An previously is limited,” Shi Yu said.

“It’s really the Blue Sea Sprite?” General Ji Yun said in disbelief.

This was a legendary race!

It was a hundred times longer than Yun An’s legendary history!

He looked at Shi Yu in disbelief. What exactly was this person’s background?

“You…”

After a moment of silence, Emperor Wu’s gaze swept across Shi Yu’s pets again. Among them, he couldn’t see through Little Zi and Qi the most. These two guys had the weakest strength fluctuations, but the feeling they gave him was the most special.

“Looks like there’s going to be an increase next,” Emperor Wu thought.

….

In order to prepare for the next battle with Emperor Wu, Shi Yu and the others entered Emperor Wu’s ruins space together.

Be it Ji Mengzhu or General Ji Yun, they were both very curious about which was stronger, Emperor Wu’s Iron-eating Beast or Shi Yu’s Iron-eating Beast.

“One level higher than your opponent. If you lose, don’t say we trained you.” Zhong Xuan and the other seniors encouraged Emperor Wu’s Iron-eating Beast.

“Roar!! ~” Emperor Wu’s Iron-eating Beast maintained its Demon God form. Its entire body was enveloped in darkness, and it kept roaring. Tch, it was so annoying. No matter how strong the opponent was, it was only at the overlord level. Everyone had nine inscriptions, so how could it lose?

Moreover, although that little Iron-eating Beast was also a royal, from the looks of it, it should have evolved towards Wex’s secondary Stats.

And it evolved towards spatial secondary Stats.

In terms of Stats, it had already suppressed the other party.

In fact, that was indeed the case. Be it Emperor Wu’s Iron-eating Beast or Ji Yunchong and Ji Mengzhu’s Iron-eating Beast, they all evolved towards spatial secondary Stats. In comparison, Shi Yu chose lightning out of helplessness.

It wasn’t that he didn’t like space, but at that time, he really didn’t have the money to raise a spatial pet. Spatial resources were so expensive.

On the other hand, lightning… Eleven could eat anything.

However, Shi Yu didn’t regret it. The lightning wasn’t weak either!

Emperor Wu and Shi Yu didn’t plan to attack. They threw their Iron-eating Beasts over for them to spar.

If the two of them also attacked, this ruin might not necessarily be able to withstand it. As a legendary Beast Tamer, even if Emperor Wu fused with the Iron-eating Beast alone, its battle power after the fusion was enough to be called the strongest below the demigod level. It might not be impossible to hurt demigods.

If Shi Yu attacked, it would be the profundities of Eleven’s dual quasi-divine skills. He would also insta-kill whoever he saw below the demigod level. There was no need for both parties to work so hard. Therefore, just looking at the two pandas practicing with each other was enough.

“Roar!!!” Although Emperor Wu’s Iron-eating Beast didn’t know why Eleven wanted to challenge it so much, it accepted it!

The huge Demon God Iron-eating Beast stood on the ground and looked at the little panda opposite it.

“Let’s enter the form of a Demon God,” the Iron-eating Beast said.

“Wuu.” Eleven shook its head.

“Wu wu wu. (Might not be able to win in the form of a Demon God.)”

The Iron-eating Beast was amused. “Don’t worry, I’ll show mercy.”

“Roar!!” “Yi!!” “Mi!!!” “Ning!!” Behind Eleven, Buggy and the others reminded Emperor Wu Iron-eating Beast that Eleven didn’t mean that!!

Opposite Emperor Wu’s Iron-eating Beast, Little Eleven had a serious expression and said, “Wuu! (I’m going to enter a full-strength chaotic state from the start. Senior, be careful.)”

The Iron-eating Beast was stunned. Huh?

Boom!!!

In the next moment, under the change in the expression of Emperor Wu’s Iron-eating Beast, Little Eleven, who was opposite him, directly entered the chaos form. Its body gradually enlarged under the eruption of lightning that shot into the sky.

“Roar!!!” Eleven roared at the sky.

During the enlargement process, black and white electric arcs filled the sky and fused into Eleven’s hair. They kept floating like a chaotic ocean.

Wherever it stepped, it turned into lightning. The black and white ground was connected to light and darkness.

At this moment, Eleven was like a god walking out of the chaos lightning sea.

At this moment, the aura of a supreme god also erupted from Eleven’s body, shaking the sky and earth, reversing the universe, forcing the Demon God Iron-eating Beast that had just evolved to subconsciously take a step back with a stunned expression.

What was this!!

At this moment, it wasn’t just Emperor Wu’s Iron-eating Beast. The expressions of Ji Yunchong, Ji Yunhai, and the others were stunned again. Even Emperor Wu couldn’t help but twitch the corners of his mouth. He looked at Shi Yu, wanting an explanation.

“I never said that it was also a Demon God Iron-eating Beast… It has already completed a new round of light and darkness evolution on the foundation of the Demon God Iron-eating Beast.”

“I name it Chaos Panda. It’s a Mythical Race,” Shi Yu said with a smile.

“Aba, Aba, Aba…” At this moment, the expression of the Emperor Wu Iron-eating Beast, which originally wanted to prove its strength to the seniors, stiffened. It suddenly had a bad feeling.

Zhong Xuan and the other pets also swallowed their saliva and looked at the powerful Eleven in confusion. Damn, no way. The Iron-eating Beast had already f*cking evolved so many times, but it could still evolve again? Mythical Race, what a joke.