Chapter 1092 - 1092 Not From This Space And Time (4)

1092 Not From This Space and Time (4)

Emperor Wu said, “Looks like you don’t know how my top-notch Fusion Talent came about. But that’s right. Apart from my pet and General Ji Yun, no one else knows this information.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“When I was weak, I once obtained a divine-level resource called the ‘Wish Stone’. Have you heard of it?”

“No.” Shi Yu shook his head.

“The Stone of Wish should be a creation of a certain god. It can satisfy all the wishes of the user. It sounds very powerful, but the principle of it is an exchange.”

“It’s like a contract with a demon. If you obtain something, you have to give something.”

“At that time, I was a slave raised by the totem clans. I originally wanted invincible power to overthrow the rule of the totem clans, but I couldn’t afford the price of such a wish. Therefore, the wish I made was to have god-like talent and potential.”

“This time, the wish succeeded, and what I paid… From then on, I only have 38 years left in my lifespan. Moreover, my lifespan can’t be increased in any way.”

“This is the “law” that has to be followed in transactions with the Stone of Wishes.”

“Even after I became a legendary, my lifespan never increased.”

“The ability of that stone should be the use of the power of the natural order. It’s very difficult to break.”

“I don’t want to break it either.”

“I’m actually very grateful for this stone. If not for it, I might have died in the mouths of the ferocious beasts long ago. Even the entire Dong Huang might only be an amusement park for the totem clans.”

“Therefore, it can be said that thanks to the talent and potential gifted by the Stone of Wishes, I was able to successfully develop a top-notch Fusion Talent.” Emperor Wu looked at Shi Yu.

At this moment, Shi Yu fell into deep thought. He looked up at Emperor Wu, wanting to know if what Emperor Wu said was true.

But soon, Shi Yu felt that what Emperor Wu said was very likely true.

After all, the actions of Emperor Wu, who didn’t care about his life and wanted to completely destroy Yun An and the totem clans, were something that many people really couldn’t understand in the historical records.

A Legendary Beast Tamer had a lifespan of hundreds of years no matter what. There was no need to be so anxious and persistent to fight a demigod.

However, if this Legendary Beast Tamer didn’t have much time to live, it was understandable that he wanted to clean up all the threats of the faction he had established as much as possible in his lifetime.

If it was true, Shi Yu felt that this was his greatest gain from transmigrating this time. He finally knew why Emperor Wu was so anxious to kill Yun An. Apart from wanting to eliminate the threat of Yun An, he also wanted to use the power of the meteorite fragment to become stronger and clean up more enemies.

“You were really wronged,” Shi Yu said.

After all, even now, a bunch of people were cursing Emperor Wu for constantly fighting and consuming the country’s strength.

Some people said that if Emperor Wu was willing to develop wretchedly, with the deterrence of a Legendary Beast Tamer, Emperor Wu Dynasty could last at least another hundred years. Perhaps it could last until the next Legendary genius appeared.

In short, Emperor Wu could be said to be very controversial.

Of course, Shi Yu was not interested in evaluating historical figures because he didn’t know the truth at all and didn’t want to evaluate it. If he had to evaluate it, Emperor Wu’s pet, Zhong Xuan, had given him so many resources. Emperor Wu would definitely be a wise monarch!

Emperor Wu: “?”

“Sigh.” Shi Yu shook his head. Forget it, he should give Emperor Wu another gift. When he returned, he would get Buggy to record “Lost History 002: Emperor Wu Legendary”. Just like proving Mu Huiyin and Ice Dragon’s names, he would also clear Emperor Wu’s name. Eh, did they forget to update Mu Huiyin’s legend…