Chapter 1100 - 1100 First Law Revival (4)

1100 First Law Revival (4)

….

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

At the same time, in the original space.

Just as Shi Yu was going to the past to harvest resources and find a Legendary sparring partner to practice with the ancient Yun An, a huge event that affected the entire world happened here.

Boom.

As the world trembled, as a sound of laws that all life on Blue Planet could hear spread throughout the entire world, the world of Blue Planet changed drastically.

Inatella, the sleeping World Tree opened its eyes again, but it quickly fell asleep again.

It was just a sign of the revival of laws.

It was far from the stage where the laws completely recovered their Restoration.

However… there might be chaos outside. The World Tree knew this very well.

For the World Tree, for the Blue Planet’s Will, this huge change in the world was only a sign of the revival of the laws of Blue Planet, but for the other creatures on Blue Planet, it was an incomparable gift!!

With this huge change, those creatures close to the demigod level were still a little short of cultivating a quasi-divine skill. For example, the Tyrant Dragon King of the Dragon Empire was shocked to discover that the power of laws that was difficult to touch previously could actually touch a threshold at this moment.

In the Dragonman Empire, the Tyrant Dragon King, who was cultivating in seclusion, laughed out loud. As its aura rose steadily, its laughter shook the sky.

“Demigod. Give me a little more time. I’ll also be a demigod!!! At that time, what can a mere Dong Huang do to me?”

Apart from creatures close to quasi-divine skills who felt that it was easier to touch the power of laws, those overlords and totems suddenly realized that the natural energy in the world was even more abundant. Under the shower of rich natural energy, their growth state was unprecedentedly good.

Those overlords who were stuck at the bottleneck felt that the opportunity to break through was getting closer and closer to them.

This change that was like the recovery of natural energy was not only for high-level lives, but also for those Awakening, transcendent, commander, and monarch lives. It was also an opportunity to change their fate.

At this moment, the outside world seemed to have become a high-level ruins space and mystic realm space. No matter what life level it was, it felt that its growth speed far exceeded before.

Countless energy crystal mineral veins were born because of this, and countless natural phenomena appeared everywhere.

Apart from that, many Mythical creatures like Qi who had reincarnated gradually opened their eyes, and memories appeared.

Seven island countries.

“Little brat, do you want to become stronger? Seeing that you’ve taken care of me for so long, I’ll give you a chance to enter the God Domain.”

“…” The young man looked panicked.

“Let me ask you, do you want to become stronger?”

“As long as you listen to me, you can do it.”

“Because I’m… a god!!”

…

As the first revival of the laws, something unexpected happened in the world. The memories of the reincarnated gods woke up, and many overlords broke through to the totem level. New demigods were even born.

In the Dong Huang Association, President Lin held a high-level meeting solemnly. The main content of this meeting was the reincarnation of a god with revived memories!!

Some of these god reincarnations had just awakened their memories and mastered quasi-divine skills. Some were still very weak after awakening their memories. Some were powerful ferocious beasts that had already become famous, and even national guardians. Some were pets that had already been contracted by human Beast Tamers with different identities.

The main Quests of President Lin’s meeting this time were that Dong Huang had to actively welcome this change. Firstly, they had to rope in the reincarnations of the gods who had just awakened their memories and were wandering outside.

“I’ll leave this mission to Bureau 11…” President Lin gritted his teeth and looked at Shi Yu’s empty seat. In the end, he sighed and said, “If Shi Yu isn’t around, I’ll leave it to Lu Qingyi. Lu Qingyi is the main in-charge. Apart from searching for the god with revived memories, remember to look for Shi Yu too.”

On a certain panel of the huge conference screen, after becoming a titled legend, the more mature Lu Qingyi nodded and said, “I understand.”

“Remember to look for Shi Yu first.”

President Lin was tired. He didn’t know if the sudden revival of the laws was good or bad. As the laws revived this time, he kept feeling that Blue Planet’s battle power was about to undergo a huge update… The more factions he roped in Mythical creatures, the greater the right to speak on Blue Planet. At such a critical moment, he didn’t know where Shi Yu had gone…