Chapter 1305 - 1305 World-Destroying Dragon, Little Ji (4)

1305 World-Destroying Dragon, Little Ji (4)

In the outside world.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Eleven, Chi Tong, Susu, Duckie, and the others were also here. Some played support while others watched the show.

Among them, Duckie looked at Little Ji, whose aura was gradually strengthening, with tears in its eyes. Although it would also accept adding points to become stronger next, was it going to be temporarily suppressed by this idiot??

It was unwilling!!

How embarrassing!

Suddenly.

“Roar!!!” Little Ji, who was tied up, suddenly opened its blood-red eyes. After destroying the dream world, it returned to reality and glared at Duckie with bloody eyes.

“Roar!!! (I am the overlord of the earth!!)” It roared. Then, Susu splashed cold water on it and it looked at Duckie excitedly.

It slowly raised its arm and stretched out three fingers…

Duckie: “?”

“Roar!! (Three, three quasi-divine Skills!!!)”

Little Ji was invincible!

As Little Ji recovered its restoration consciousness, its entire body was also enveloped by red light. The World Annihilation Dragon inheritance pearl completely fused into its body.

[Dragon Breath, Form Switch, Reverse Scale, Deterrence, Mythical Revival, Basic Intelligence] had already fused into the [Destruction Body].

[Skill]: Body of Destruction

[Stats]: Dragon, Machinery

[Level]: Quasi God-level

< Introduction > It contains the law of destruction. Its mechanical body contains destructive power.

No wonder Little Ji was so arrogant. The fusion was very successful, and Little Ji successfully mastered a quasi-divine skill that contained top-notch laws!!

Quake Law, Cataclysm, Earth Law, Earth Control, Destruction Law, Destruction Body!!

At this moment, Little Ji’s strength had indeed completely pulled away from Little Duck, who had only mastered the Heart of the Abyss. It was enough to compete with a team of six pets.

“From today onwards, your new race will be called the World Destruction Dragon,” Shi Yu, who had a weak expression, said.

Little Ji bowed to Shi Yu with a bang…

“Wu wu wu!! (Thank you!!)” Little Ji looked at Shi Yu excitedly. Thank you, Beast Tamer. Wu wu wu, I’m so strong!!

In the God Sealing Battle, I’ll definitely perform well!

I won’t disappoint your cultivation.

Leave that Cosmic Crow to me!

“Although its intelligence isn’t too high, its strength is alright.”

Shi Yu also heaved a sigh of relief and smiled. Alright, he didn’t become an old man this time. How rare.

Moreover, the skills obtained were also very powerful. They actually easily destroyed the dream world created by Buggy.

After all, Buggy had used the Creation Domain to do this.

Although it didn’t borrow the power of faith, it was also a quasi-divine skill, but it was destroyed by the same quasi-divine skill. Little Ji had potential.

“Quack!!! (Beast Tamer—!!!)” At this moment, looking at Little Ji’s smug face, Duckie cried. It couldn’t take it anymore and ran over to hug Shi Yu’s thigh.

Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, and the others sighed at the side. Was the second team going to counterattack?

So be it. In any case, the three brothers weren’t at the bottom.

They looked at the three plastic sisters, especially Susu, who had lost the Blue Sea Contract.

At that time, it would be interesting if Ling was defeated by Little Ji and Susu was defeated by Duckie.

Susu: “?”

“Cough, cough, cough. Tomorrow, definitely tomorrow. I’m tired today.” At this moment, Shi Yu spoke.

….

After completing the evolution of Little Ji, Shi Yu ran to receive the nourishing treatment of Baby Ginseng and the others. He had to increase Baby Ginseng’s level first. Not to mention more than ten quasi-divine skills, at least the supplement skills had to be maxed out. Otherwise, the restoration efficiency would indeed not increase.

“Wu wu wu!!” When Shi Yu was free, his pets leaned over one by one.

Eleven held a tablet and opened an interface to show Shi Yu the [Ranking Battle of All Races].

This was also a competition. Eleven felt that it was much more interesting than the God Sealing Battle.

The so-called ranking battle of all races was a competition where all races in the starry sky used their race as a symbol to compete in battle power.

For example, the previous Cosmic Crow Race, Zavay. Its race was ranked 30th among the races in the starry sky. This ranking was obtained in this competition.

The specific ranking algorithm wouldn’t only consider the battle power of the peak individuals representing the race, but also the average strength of the race. In short, the more contestants there were in the same race and the better their results, the higher the race ranking might be.

Eleven searched. The Iron-Eating Beast Race didn’t enter the top 10,000 among the races in the starry sky at all.

Even the top 100,000 didn’t have the name of the Iron-Eating Beast Race.

As for the races below the 100,000 rankings, their names weren’t entered.

Therefore, Eleven wanted to help the Iron-Eating Beast Race rank at the top.

Shi Yu took a look at the rules and curled his lips. “You’re the only one participating. Even if you fight in the front, the overall ranking of the Iron-Eating Beast Race won’t be high.”

“If you want to increase your ranking, apart from you, the other members of the Iron-eating Beast Race have to fight for a very high ranking in this competition. It’s a comprehensive view.”

“Wu wu wu.” Eleven cried. So when could Lin Xiuzhu and the others come over? Everyone was ranked together!

It was a high score.

Eleven thought: Sigh, if only Emperor Wu is still alive.

“I’ll bring you to fight after I add points to you. You’re only at the demigod level now, so your ranking won’t be high even if you participate.” Shi Yu shrugged. This competition was carried out at all times throughout the year. As long as he went to a specific place, he could match opponents of different races to fight.

Moreover, even divine and super-divine levels could participate.

So, Eleven participating in the race for the race ranking was just a waste of effort and wouldn’t bring any benefits.

“Wu wu wu!! (It’s a deal!!)” After Eleven and Shi Yu high-fived, they hugged the tablet and continued to understand the starry sky information. At the same time, they made up their minds. They had to at least push the Iron-Eating Beast Race’s ranking to the top 100!

This was a long-term goal!

Even if it couldn’t be ranked first among the races in the starry sky, it had to become the number one bear race in the universe!

After Eleven, Buggy came again. It had found an unsolved Green Dragon Ruins with a public address, and it was an era ruin.

Also, it saw an auction advertisement that might auction a Green Dragon faith item from the last era. Buggy, who was in urgent need of the power of faith of the Green Dragon, was very envious.

When it arrived at the World King Planet, it couldn’t use the wandering power of faith of the Green Dragon. There were too many divine-level Green Dragons that couldn’t snatch them at all. Therefore, its current source of power of faith could only be faith equipment, and the power of faith of the Green Dragon condensed from the life in Little Zi’s body.

“Climb, climb, climb.”

Shi Yu naturally chased Buggy away. Where would it get the strength to explore the ruins of the era now? Stop tempting it. Where would it get the money to buy the Green Dragon faith item from the last era? Didn’t it know that they were poor?

He had only come to the World King Planet for a few days, but Shi Yu had already used three of the 200 divine-level elemental energy crystals. He felt that he had returned to the poor stage of the newbie period.

There were indeed many better things on the World King Planet. There were also many super divine resources in large-scale auctions, but they didn’t have the money to buy them!

Shi Yu felt that it was time to earn money. He wondered if the benefits from the Kirin Race had been gathered. He seemed to have a Demon Divine Stone on Blue Planet that could hatch demons from the Mythical Era. He wondered if the Demon Race wanted to buy it…

In short, it was to earn money.

After recovering, Shi Yu stretched. He thought of something and took out his cell phone to contact Phoenix Man.

The call quickly went through.

“It’s me, Shi Yu. I want to take a look at the Sky Arena today. Are you free?”

On the other side, a surprised voice immediately came. “Yes, yes. Good lord, you finally plan to come out. How’s your adaptation?”

Shi Yu smiled and said, “It’s almost adapted. It just upgraded a pet. Its strength has been reborn, so it wants to find a place to experiment with its battle power.”

At the same time… he would replicate some skills for backup!

“Not bad.” The Phoenix man was excited. Amazing, it was time to wash away his humiliation.

As long as Shi Yu broke through to the legendary level, he believed that Shi Yu still had a high chance of winning against the Floating Planet genius. After all, this was a monster who could defeat him above his level.

In addition, he was quite curious about which of the six pets Shi Yu had sent to gang up on him had been reborn again to make Shi Yu so happy. However, in short, it was good that it had become stronger!

Little Ji: [Not just a team, but an underling!]

Even if he was beaten to death, Phoenix Man would never have expected that the one strengthened at the epic level this time was Shi Yu’s second team’s pet. Moreover, this second team had even received the dark inheritance of the Blue Planet’s Ancestral Dragon…

At this moment, Phoenix Man was only thinking about whether he had led a wolf into the house.