Chapter 1303 - 1303 World-Destroying Dragon Little Ji (2)

1303 World-Destroying Dragon Little Ji (2)

Little Ji was wild with joy.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

…

On the other side.

Not long after the Phoenix man returned, he received a call from his companion.

He stopped cultivating and fell silent after looking at the name “Lin Rui” on his cell phone.

In the end, he chose to answer.

“Lin Rui, what is it?” he asked directly.

Laughter came from the other side. “Little Seven, you’re finally back. You wasted so much cultivation time on this quest. I wonder if the mission rewards are rich?”

Qi Mu said, “It’s alright.”

“How’s the Blue Planet? Is it fun? I heard that you were beaten up by the Blue Planet’s Beast Tamer? His name seems to be Shi Yu?”

“What’s the battle situation like? Tell me!”

“Wasn’t the Blue Planet beaten into a low-level planet? How can there be someone stronger than you?”

Qi Mu widened his eyes, not understanding where the news came from.

Zilan definitely wouldn’t say, and the Sky Emperor and Lord Lin Feng didn’t need to either. Could it be the Angel Clan and the Demon Clan? How annoying.

“What does it have to do with you? It’s just a spar,” Qi Mu said unhappily.

Damn, he knew this day would come.

Lin Rui said, “I’m just concerned about you. Do you know where Shi Yu lives? The people from Blue Planet should have already arrived at the World King Planet, right? Introduce me. Many people here want to get to know him.”

Qi Mu said, “I don’t know. I’m hanging up! I advise you not to cause trouble. Be careful or your grandfather will beat you up.”

With that said, he quickly hung up.

Lin Rui was one of the descendants of Lin Feng after starting a family here. He was a grandson, and his seniority was even higher than that of President Lin Xiao. His strength was also much stronger than Qi Mu, and he could catch up to the disciple of the Space Emperor, Zi Lan.

After Qi Mu finished talking to the other party on the phone, she knew the other party’s intention. He definitely wanted to spar with Shi Yu.

Be it Sky City or the Floating Planet, the geniuses of the various large families were mostly bored and looking for fun. Now that the Beast Tamers of Blue Planet had come, it would definitely be fun.

“Forget it, if he dares to go, he’ll definitely be beaten up.” Qi Mu saw everything clearly. Even the Space Emperor and Lin Feng had to call the Dragon God senior. Whoever provoked her was purely courting death.

Shi Yu was from the younger generation, but Phoenix Man felt that, given Shi Yu’s strength, he wouldn’t lose to guys from the Floating Planet. Even if it was a spar, Shi Yu definitely had a higher chance of winning.

“If only Shi Yu was really so bored as to spar with them and win. This way, I won’t be the only one to lose to Shi Yu… If he breaks through to the legendary level, he might not be weaker than Captain Zi Lan. Yes! It might not be a bad thing for me for them to spar!”

As long as everyone had been beaten up by the natives of the Blue Planet, he wouldn’t be so special. There would be fewer people who came to ask him questions.

He quickly took out his cell phone and found Shi Yu’s contact information. Apart from the Space Emperor, Lin Feng, and the Dragon God, he might be one of the few people here who had Shi Yu’s contact information.

Qi Mu sent Shi Yu a message: “Brother Shi Yu, are you used to it here? You can look for me as a guide if you want to go somewhere to play. The Sky Arena of Sky City is quite interesting. The geniuses of the various factions on Floating Planet are basically mixed here. You can see many cosmic life forms that you can’t see on the Blue Planet. If you’re interested, I can bring you there to take a look.”

The first message was revealed.

After sending it, Phoenix Man began to wait for the message. However, after a while, Shi Yu replied.

Shi Yu: “Sky Arena? Alright, I’ll take a look in a few days. I’ll contact you then!”

Qi Mu was delighted and immediately replied: “Alright.”

…

At this moment, Shi Yu was adding points to Little Ji.

Qi Mu’s invitation was exactly what Shi Yu wanted.

After arriving, Shi Yu also thought it through. Just adding points might not be enough.

The myriad of races in the starry sky were too ridiculous. For example, Zavay from the Cosmic Crow Clan’s accompanying move was ridiculous to the extreme.

Shi Yu was extremely envious of his time skills and wanted to replicate them.

Of course, there was definitely no chance now.

Even if he didn’t have a chance, he could get other people’s skills.

On Sky City’s side, although it was only Floating Planet’s territory on World King Planet, there should be many rare Space Contract Beasts, right?

Even Phoenix Man, Zi Lan, and the contracted beast had three to four quasi-divine skills. There were probably a few other geniuses. It seemed like they could finally get back to their old ways after a long time.

It didn’t matter if the skill quality was high. If they replicated more, they could still fuse it!

A pile of trash skills could always fuse into a top-notch skill.

At the thought of this, Shi Yu continued to add points and fuse them with Little Ji.

“Roar!!! (Mm~~)” Little Ji roared. It felt like it was getting closer and closer to becoming number one on the team.

Awesome.

After Shi Yu reached the legendary level, the efficiency of adding points was indeed very strong.

It only took two to three days to add points from a transcendent super skill to Dao Proficiency.

Of course, if he used skill fusion, he might be able to fuse the two super skills into a quasi-divine skill faster. Naturally, he had to rest longer.

On the third day of arriving at the World King Planet, Shi Yu upgraded Little Ji’s Earth Control from transcendent to Dao Proficiency. Then, Little Ji cultivated it into a quasi-divine skill [Earth Control] through Baby Ginseng’s World Tree Fruit, containing the laws of the earth.

It also became the owner of two quasi-divine skills in the team.

“Roar!!!” After adding points, Little Ji was very smug. It felt that Duckie was only so-so now. Even Big Sister Ling might not necessarily be able to defeat it.

They were both quasi-divine skills. Look, what was its quasi-divine skill? Cataclysm! Earth Control!