Chapter 1301 - 1301 Mad Journey (7)

1301 Mad Journey (7)

“Ling, if we fight now, what are our chances of winning?”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Ling said, “If everyone attacks together, the chances of getting first place, no, the top three aren’t high. The top three have all gotten first place, so we can barely give it a try to squeeze into the top 10.”

“But in eleven months, I think we can fight for first place.”

“I think so too. Fortunately, there are still eleven months,” Shi Yu said. Although the Space Emperor and Lin Feng meant for him to cultivate for a few years or even more than ten years before considering charging for first place, Shi Yu couldn’t wait that long.

He had only become a Beast Tamer less than four years ago. How could he waste so much time at the demigod level?

In the next batch, he would try to get first place.

At the stage below the super divine level, it should still be useful to add points.

“But I’m worried that even if we get first place and obtain the challenge opportunity, what if we can’t defeat that divine-level examiner?” Shi Yu said. “Doesn’t that mean that the opportunity is wasted? We won’t be able to obtain a reward.”

He felt that he would suffer a huge loss by taking first place like this.

Ling said, “That’s easy to resolve.”

“The God Sealing Battle and the final challenge are calculated separately.”

“It’s not necessary to use the lineup to participate in the God Sealing Battle.”

“I’ve studied the rules. Master, you can completely let Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong, Susu, Little Ji, Duckie, and the others register separately and register themselves as individuals.”

“In this way, we can wrap up the front row. As long as you get first place, you will have the opportunity to challenge first place and the rewards for other rankings.”

“If we’re lucky, we’ll get into the top 10.”

“Let the God Sealing Battle become a team civil war.”

“However, this way, when fighting monsters like Zavay, we might not be able to attack together. If we want Eleven and the others to defeat it one-on-one and face other experts one-on-one, it might be a little difficult. This is a risk that needs to be evaluated.”

“But if you succeed, you can obtain the most rewards. During the final challenge, you can take back all your pets and challenge them together.”

“I think we can give it a try. If each of us doesn’t have the strength to get into the top 20 individually, even if we work together to challenge that divine level, the chances of winning aren’t high.”

Shi Yu: “?”

“Can this still be done? The rules allow pets to leave the Beast Tamer and participate alone?”

“It’s allowed! With such a record, they just failed. After all, not every Beast Tamer has conditions like ours.”

After being stunned for a long time, Shi Yu suddenly licked his lips. Let the God Sealing Battle become a team internal battle that included rewards for the top 10…

It sounded pretty interesting, but it was easy to offend people. However, for the reward, he would give it his all.

It looked like their path to becoming a god was destined to be a crazy process.

“Since Zavay can get first place without relying on Beast Tamers, you guys can too. Isn’t it just 15 quasi-divine skills? Next, work overtime!! Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong, Susu, Ling, Little Ji, Duckie, the top 10 is too much. We’ll strive to enter the top 50. The eight of you will participate and see whose ranking is higher. At that time, I’ll see who I’ll fight with…”

“Can you withstand the crazy sprint in the next eleven months? Not only do you have to add points, but you also have to learn new skills specifically. Otherwise, it won’t be safe.” Shi Yu’s motivation rose again.

Many pets’ gazes were sharp. What a joke. They were looking forward to it very much, alright? Beat the cosmic God Sealing Battle into an internal team competition! The first place in the team this time would definitely be very valuable.