Chapter 1306 - 1306 The First Battle In The Universe (1)

1306 The First Battle in the Universe (1)

The Sky Arena was the only battle facility in Sky City.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Back then, the tallest building in Sky City that Shi Yu and the others saw was the Sky Arena.

There were a total of 100 levels here. It supported transcendent to demigod-level battles. It was built by the Sky City Lord, the Space Emperor.

Although the Sky Arena was only a high-tech tower, there was a different world inside. Every level was like a small world, especially huge.

The higher the floor, the higher the battle level it could withstand.

Outside the tower of the Sky Arena, the Phoenix man in big pants and a flowery shirt was waiting for Shi Yu outside. Beside him was a Star Phoenix more than two meters long that was clearly in a shrunken state. It was also waiting. After a while, they were stunned.

In the distance, Shi Yu, who was wearing a panda casual suit, led a two-meter-tall wingless dragon with a yellow belly and patterns and a brown body over as if they were shopping.

“Roar!!” Little Ji followed Shi Yu excitedly and swung its dragon tail. Ah~ The treatment of a leader~

Today was a sweet duo with the Beast Tamer.

“We’re here…” After discovering Shi Yu, the Phoenix man called out. At the same time, he looked confused. What was this pet?

“Coming.” Shi Yu brought Little Ji to the front of the Phoenix man.

“This is?” The Phoenix man couldn’t help but ask. Feng Jiu, the Star Phoenix beside it, also had a puzzled expression.

“It’s the pet whose strength has improved by leaps and bounds,” Shi Yu said.

“Roar!! (I’m the overlord of the earth!!)” Little Ji introduced itself, leaving the Phoenix man and the Star Phoenix stunned. Wasn’t it the six Shi Yu had sent previously?

“Why didn’t I see it when we fought previously…” the Star Phoenix asked.

Shi Yu said, “At that time, it was still at the overlord level. Didn’t I say that there were still a few pets with low growth rates? I didn’t send them at that time.”

Phoenix Man and Feng Jiu: “! @#! @#”

So, it was the second team?

So what he meant now was that he wanted to bring the second team’s pets to play?

“Alright… Then let’s go in first?” the Phoenix man said. Forget it, in any case, when the second team couldn’t defeat it, Shi Yu would definitely send a team. It wasn’t a big problem.

“Then let’s go,” Shi Yu said.

This was the first time he had come to the Sky Arena. Be it fighting or being an audience member, he needed to go through relatively complicated procedures. It was even more troublesome for outsiders like Shi Yu.

Therefore, Phoenix Man directly brought Shi Yu to choose the VIP passage.

Moreover, he gave Shi Yu a high-level battle card that had been prepared in advance and said, “If you want to fight, just write your name on the card. When the time comes, just swipe the farm card.”

“Alright.” Shi Yu took the battle card without being polite. Then, the two of them arrived at the 79th level. At this moment, there was a Level 9 arena battle!

In the arena of the Sky Arena, two parties fought. The loser was eliminated, and the winner was the arena lord. He continued to accept the next person’s challenge. It was a relatively high-pressure battle mode.

The reward for victory was secondary. It was mainly to obtain a large amount of battle EXP.

Although Qi Mu didn’t know why Shi Yu wanted to fight in the arena and whether he could withstand fighting so many people in a row, it was fine as long as Shi Yu was happy.

Boom!!!

Sitting on the teleportation platform, Shi Yu and his companions were directly transported to two adjacent spectator seats. Each seat was individual, encircling the arena in a circle suspended in the air. Below, on the vast, rocky arena, two individuals were engaged in combat.

“Lu Ran, all the best!!!”

“Goddess Zhao, all the best!!”

Although there weren’t many spectators here, only about a hundred people in total, the atmosphere was completely in place. They cheered for the Beast Tamers fighting below.

Below, a man and a woman looked to be Level 9 Beast Tamers. The male Beast Tamer named Lu Ran enhanced a huge spherical life form.

It looked like a planetary life form, but on closer look, it was actually an elemental life form.

Shi Yu had already found the other party’s information through Ling’s updated index.

< Name > Sun God Rock

< Introduction > It’s a divine-level Exort Rock Elemental life form born from bathing in the power of the sun.

< Race Divine Skill > Sun Disaster

The female Beast Tamer opposite was partnered by a snake-haired sea demon who controlled the water of the stars.

The creatures contracted by the two humans were both at the totem demigod level. On the Blue Planet, they were enough to suppress an area, but here, no matter how they fought, the aftermath was also sealed on the battlefield.

“Do you know them?” Shi Yu asked Qi Mu beside him. The other party nodded and said, “They’re all familiar faces. Lu Ran and Zhao Miao’er’s strengths were inferior to mine previously. If we fight them, we might not be able to let you have your fill.”

“Roar??” Little Ji, who was standing beside Shi Yu, was stunned. If it was even weaker than them, how could it showcase its strength!

Shi Yu said, “Ahem, no need. We’re just here to experience it.”

Inferior to Qi Mu… Shi Yu wasn’t surprised. After all, he was also considered a genius on the Floating Planet.

Qi Mu was the adopted son of a family established by Lin Feng here. He was adopted because of his outstanding talent and was more or less considered a young master. His status wasn’t low, and he had successfully contracted a member of the Blue Planet’s Phoenix God Race.

On the Floating Planet, there were a total of four large factions. They were the Wang, Lin, Zhao, and Lu families. The Wang family represented Space Emperor Kong, and the Lin family represented Lin Feng. As for the other two families, they were the ones that married after the Space Emperor and Lin Feng arrived.

Back then, as newbies in the universe, no matter how talented the Space Emperor and Lin Feng were, they needed the support of factions. In the end, the Space Emperor abducted the daughter of the Zhao family, and Lin Feng abducted the daughter of the Lu family.