Chapter 1304 - 1304 World-Destroying Dragon, Little Ji (3)

1304 World-Destroying Dragon, Little Ji (3)

Just look at Big Sister Ling’s quasi-divine skill, Wind of Blessing and Mechanical Spirit!

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The battle power was obvious.

“Ling, do you think this is alright?” After completing the additional points, Shi Yu called Ling out. Ling saw the silly dragon with magma saliva in the additional points room, its mouth wide open, and it looked up at the sky with a smile. “Is the basic intelligence still at the expert level?”

Shi Yu said, “Yes.”

“Fill it up,” Ling said. “I’m afraid that with its current intelligence, it will be affected by the World Annihilation Dragon inheritance. Or perhaps, increase the proficiency of the reverse scale a little more. When the time comes, it will fuse with it.”

“Roar?” Little Ji was stunned and recovered. Damn it!!! It said I was stupid again.

It was clearly the one who won every time it played chess with Duckie.

Little Ji felt very superior in terms of intelligence.

However, at the thought of continuing to add points, Little Ji wiped its saliva and nodded heavily. It’ll listen to Big Sister!

Next, on the fourth day, Shi Yu added some points to Little Ji according to Ling’s suggestion. Right on the heels of that, it was finally the time that Little Ji and Ling looked forward to.

It was time to help Little Ji receive the World Annihilation Dragon inheritance!

At this moment, although Shi Yu and the others no longer had the ruins space they carried, Little Zi’s body had taken on this important job again.

Be it adding points or cultivating, Shi Yu ran to Little Zi’s body. With the World Blessing, the efficiency could be higher.

Star Continent, on the unworldly island, in the Mechanical Research Institute.

“Roar!!!”

Little Ji returned to its main body, which was in the form of a hundred-meter-tall Earth Dragon. On its skin, there were many cracks that looked like dry land. In the cracks, the power of magma swam. It was quite shocking.

Apart from that, its body was also filled with mechanical devices of various sizes. Its chest was directly opened by Ling with a 40-meter-long mechanical saber, and the World Annihilation Dragon inheritance pearl that looked like a heart was stuffed into Ling’s body.

“Master, Master, I still need your support,” Ling said. “I need to rely on skill fusion to assist it in developing new skills.”

“Alright.” Shi Yu stood in the research institute and looked at the little machine tied up by mechanical tools in front of him. “I’m long prepared.”

Little Ji, who was tied up, shouted excitedly, “Roar!! (Charge, charge, charge!!)”

From today onwards, it would stand tall in the sky!

“Shut up! Aren’t you the king of the earth? Why are you going to the sky?” Ling lectured. “The next process will be painful, don’t make any noise, and don’t cause chaos in this world.”

Little Ji stretched out its arm with difficulty and showed its thumb. Of course.

Shi Yu said, “I’m still worried. Can we get Buggy to hypnotize it and let it go to the dream world to withstand the affliction and accept the inheritance? It won’t be good if Little Zi is injured later.”

Ling said, “Of course. Otherwise, Buggy will have to watch from the side and hypnotize it at an emergency. We can let it sleep first.”

Little Ji: “?”

How much did they not trust him!!

However, before Little Ji could resist, Shi Yu called Buggy and Baby Ginseng over. One used hypnosis and the other used strong medicine, turning Little Ji into sleep mode.

“Yiya!” “Roar!” After that, Baby Ginseng and Buggy looked at this big guy at the side. Baby Ginseng started babbling.

After Little Ji finished accepting the inheritance, shouldn’t it be its turn to add points next? The supplement effect would be better if it added points to the World Tree Fruit, Plant Control, Green Wood Divine Body, and turned them into quasi-divine skills!

Baby Ginseng opened its big and yearning eyes and cracked Shi Yu’s fingers to analyze.

Shi Yu said helplessly, “I know, I know, but we have to do it after Duckie or at the same time.”

“Now, let’s deal with this big guy first.” Shi Yu looked up at the sleeping Little Ji again and directly entered a mental resonance state!!

“Roar!! I’m the overlord of the earth!!!” Shi Yu brewed his emotions and activated the overlord’s resistance before successfully resonating with Little Ji, who had entered the dream world.

At the side, the corners of Ling, Baby Ginseng, and Buggy’s mouths twitched… In the future, if they fused the super divine resource, the Eye of the Evil God, for Duckie, they would probably have to enter a resonance state to assist.

At that time, Shi Yu would probably have to be the overlord of the ocean again!

Skill: Dragon Breath, Form Switch, Reverse Scale, Deterrence, Mythical Revival, Basic Intelligence

[Fusion success rate]: Medium

[Fusion Risk]: Medium

Ling said, “Next, the World Annihilation Dragon Pearl I assisted in fusing will act as the same effect as the previous mind domain to assist in the fusion and evolution. Listen to my countdown…”

“3…”

“2…”

“1! Fusion!”

As Ling finished speaking, Shi Yu took a deep breath and directly fused. Ling also assisted Little Ji in fusion and evolution through mechanical control!!

In the dream world, Little Ji’s consciousness was trapped by Buggy.

“Roar!!!” It let out a painful cry.

“I am the overlord of the earth!!!” Its eyes were red, and the destructive power on its body spread. It fell into the reverse scale berserk mode. The Destruction Dragon Breath condensed in its mouth, and its consciousness was gradually corroded by the destructive power. It turned around and leveled a mountain with a boom.

In the sky, Buggy, who was in charge of controlling the dream world, was silent. It knew that this guy definitely couldn’t calm down when accepting the inheritance.

It was right to pull Little Ji into a new world.

Otherwise, the one destroyed wouldn’t be the world it created, but Little Zi.

“Roar!! (I really want to give you a claw.)” Buggy looked at the arrogant Little Ji and couldn’t help but say.