Chapter 1302 - 1302 World-Destroying Dragon Little Ji (1)

1302 World-Destroying Dragon Little Ji (1)

World King Planet, Sky City.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

On the first day Shi Yu arrived, he didn’t do anything to waste his energy. He only brought his pets to understand the situation of the Cosmic Sea.

As the amount of information was too large, it would probably take Shi Yu and the others a while to completely receive it.

Apart from Ling.

First, he would let Ling receive all of it. Then, after filtering out the trash information, Shi Yu and the others would receive it.

As they had just arrived, Shi Yu and the others were in different moods.

For example, Little Ji and Duckie were in a daze for a long time after learning that the most powerful things in the universe weren’t earth disasters and ocean disasters.

Especially on the World King Planet. Not to mention being the overlord of the land, Little Ji was a gopher with its epic-level combat power weakened.

“Roar!!!” Little Ji was on the brink of tears as it dug the ground in the garden area and sensed the power of the ground.

Although it had become more intense, why did the deeper layers of power seem elusive?

“Quack!!!” Duckie was also on the brink of tears. This was because it had watched some videos and realized that the Abyss Race seemed to be hated by everyone.

There were a bunch of arrest warrants.

The two of them were the most pessimistic, comparable to Qi. In short, they didn’t look very smart.

“Ling, how’s the modification of the inheritance pearl?”

In the backyard of the villa, Shi Yu had just finished swimming. He comfortably lay on a chair and opened a drink before asking Ling.

Although Ling wasn’t beside him, it was just a thought.

Before coming to the World King Planet, on the Blue Planet, Ling shouted for Eleven and the others to let the World Annihilation Dragon out of the sealing pearl.

After releasing the World Annihilation Dragon inside, Eleven, Buggy, and Chi Tong easily defeated it, leaving behind the other party’s soul crystal that contained the power of the destructive law.

This thing was the key to modifying Little Ji.

From then on, Ling started to study how to transform this into a mechanical inheritance tool.

As long as the modification was successful and Little Ji fused, its battle power would immediately take a qualitative leap.

It was indeed time to increase.

With Little Ji’s current strength, it was completely cannon fodder if it wanted to participate in the God Sealing Battle.

If there were 10 million demigod competitors, it would definitely be ranked below 9 million now. Duckie was about the same.

Their strength was both at the bottom.

Even Ling, Susu, and the others were identical.

After arriving at the World King Planet, Shi Yu’s entire team could be said to have experienced an epic weakening.

Buggy’s power of faith was restricted, and Susu couldn’t summon the power of the Blue Planet’s ocean. With the infinite energy advantage gone, Ling basically didn’t have any powerful attack skills. It couldn’t really rely on luck to get into the top 10, right?

Just as Ling had analyzed, if the entire team, including Shi Yu and Little Zi, attacked together, there was still some hope of reaching the front.

If he signed up alone and didn’t make good use of these eleven months, he would have a death wish!

He had to make every one of them become experts who could take charge as soon as possible.

“I’ll try to finish it in two days. There’s a lot of public cosmic mechanical knowledge in the virtual network. I want to learn it first. At that time, my research speed should be faster,” Ling said.

“Master, you can add points to Little Ji first to make its foundation stronger.”

“At that time, it will be easier to accept the inheritance.”

“Alright, I’ll add points to Little Ji’s other skills first,” Shi Yu said.

“Let’s start with Little Ji, followed by Duckie. Sigh, I still have to register Duckie another day. It’s troublesome. Sky City doesn’t have a branch of the Environmental Protection Association…” Shi Yu sighed.

In Shi Yu’s entire team, Duckie was a troublesome thing.

Because as an Abyss Race, ducks were forbidden to be cultivated on the World King Planet!

It was impossible to directly participate in the God Sealing Battle.

It was banned from competition!

Including cosmic behemoths and Space Worms, cultivation was forbidden.

After all, World King Planet and these large factions had always been in a battle state.

However, World King Planet wasn’t that unreasonable.

If he wanted to nurture the Abyss Race, the Yun Race, the Space Worm, the Space Behemoth, and so on, he could, but he needed to register his identity with an official organization.

On the battlefield, Beast Tamers often contracted the Abyss Race and the Yun Race or cultivated their power. After all, these races were really strong.

For such a person, as long as he registered his identity and participated in an assessment to ensure that the pet’s rationality wouldn’t be corroded by the power of the abyss, he could train and participate normally.

Regarding the races of the Dark King faction, identification certificates needed to be processed at the headquarters of the Cosmic Sea Environmental Protection Association or various branches on the World King Planet.

Yes, the headquarters of the Cosmic Sea Environmental Protection Association.

There was actually such a faction.

Shi Yu didn’t know about Duckie, but Susu definitely wanted to take a look at this place.

In short, it was said that the assessment of the Cosmic Sea Environmental Protection Association was very difficult to pass. Therefore, before Shi Yu went to register Duckie, he had to ensure that it learned two to three cleansing quasi-divine skills.

He would add points to Little Ji so that it could successfully fuse with the World Annihilation Dragon inheritance and add points to Duckie so that it could successfully apply for an identity certificate at the Cosmic Sea Environmental Protection Association!

This was Shi Yu’s short-term mission goal.

The latter had to be done as soon as possible. Otherwise, without proof, the Environmental Protection Association had the right to directly detain and deal with the abyssal creatures after discovering them.

The big place was troublesome… It was better to be a boss on Blue Planet.

“Little Ji, come here.”

Shi Yu shouted for the Earth Dragon which had shrunk to the size of a lizard and was still digging the ground outside.

“Roar!!!” Little Ji ran over eagerly and widened its eyes, asking what was going on.

“What else can it be but to increase points?” Shi Yu said. “I’ll strengthen your strength first, lest you fail to accept the World Annihilation Dragon inheritance later.”