Chapter 1307 - 1307 The First Battle Of The Universe (2)

1307 The First Battle of the Universe (2)

However, the Space Emperor and Lin Feng were indeed awesome and exciting. Their strength improved quickly, and soon, they could take charge. The Space Emperor passed the World King Planet’s Realm Lord assessment. After the World King Planet became a Realm Lord and had its own territory and established its own faction, the Zhao family and a bunch of the Space Emperor’s friends responded one after another and slowly formed the current Floating Planet and Sky City.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The Lu Ran and Goddess Zhao mentioned by the audience here should be the descendants of the geniuses from the family of the Space Emperor and Lin Feng’s wife.

“Let’s take a look first,” Shi Yu said.

“Yes.” The Phoenix man nodded.

Below, the skills of the Sun God Rock and the snake-haired sea demon were both long-range types. After colliding a few times to a draw, the contractors also went into battle. Zhao Miao’er directly fused with the snake-haired sea demon, and the Sun God Rock directly turned into a rock spear that was held in Lu Ran’s hand.

“Sun Meteorite.” Lu Ran shouted loudly. The hot sun was in the sky, and the arena instantly droughted and exploded. Fire spread all over his body, turning into a flame. The spear shot out like a dragon, and his entire body and the spear formed by the Sun God Rock seemed to have turned into a fire dragon that shuttled over, erupting with strong power and spreading double law ripples.

Because the laws of the World King Planet were perfect, divine-level races were everywhere. There was nothing strange about quasi-divine skills here. They wouldn’t trigger any sound of laws, and they didn’t look much different from ordinary skills.

Only by reaching the stage of a true divine skill would it cause a law phenomenon.

On the other side, the snake-haired sea demon, which had become even prettier and stronger after fusing, originally summoned a large number of water rings and prepared to counterattack, but under the surrounding fire power, it quickly evaporated. The Guardian Water Shield that automatically condensed was penetrated by the spear flames, and the Water God Armor on its body was also penetrated. The power of the explosion instantly sent it flying.

“Pfft…” The snake-haired sea demon that suddenly hit the energy shield directly spat out blood. Then, its body was divided into two and turned into two individuals again.

“Holy shit.” The Phoenix man exclaimed. The one named Lu Ran had already pressed the spearhead against the other person’s neck. “Before I went to Blue Planet, Lu Ran only contracted one quasi-divine skill, and it was natural. Did he cultivate another one himself?”

“That eruption just now was definitely a quasi-divine skill. A quasi-divine skill that burned other powers in exchange for an eruption.”

“In comparison, Zhao Miao’er doesn’t seem to have any improvement.”

“Is that so?” While the Phoenix man was shocked, Shi Yu fell into deep thought. The treatment of the Beast Tamers on World King Planet was really generous.

Legends were everywhere, and legendary-level was no longer the patent of the older generation. The best of the younger generation could also reach it. Only the divine level seemed to be the dividing line.

This was all because this side had a deeper understanding of the Beast Taming Space and the development and research of contracts. Even a Beast Tamer intern could contract a divine beast cub through a little modification of the Beast Taming Space. Then, both parties could promote each other’s growth.

This way, as long as there were conditions to contract a divine beast cub, it was completely no problem for it to become legendary in the twenties. As for the divine beast cub, it could also enjoy the resources alone in the modified Beast Taming Space and quickly become a demigod or even a divine level. The only flaw was that the modified Beast Taming Space could only contract one pet.

From this point of view, the legend of the Blue Planet was actually quite impressive. After all, it was a legend that cultivated weak pets and relied on its own strength to grow, not a legend that relied on the growth of divine beasts to quickly reach.

“After this Lu Ran cultivated a combination divine skill, his strength has indeed increased greatly! If he participates in the God Sealing Battle this time, he should be able to enter the top 1 million, right?” In the audience seats, other Floating Planet geniuses also discussed.

After the battle ended, Zhao Miao’er was teleported out. As for Lu Ran, he took out restoration supplements for himself and the Sun God Rock to use, as if he still planned to continue fighting.

“Can I fight him?” Shi Yu asked the Phoenix man beside him. The other party’s skill was inclined towards the sun fire element. Little Ji, Chi Tong, Baby Ginseng, and the others could use it. Although he felt that there was nothing strange, one was similar to Clear Sky, a quasi-divine skill version of Clear Sky, and the other was similar to the Fire Seed of Life, it was better than nothing. He would choose him and wait for others to challenge him.

“Sure, sure. Just insert the battle card here.” The Phoenix man patted the armrest beside the audience and said, “You can directly apply for the arena from here.”

“Alright.” Shi Yu followed the Phoenix Man’s guidance and inserted the battle card into the card slot. Then, right on the heels of that, a virtual image interface popped up in front of him.

…

At the same time, below, Lu Ran was resting and waiting for his next opponent. The reason why he worked so hard was because he wanted to use the pressure of a strong enemy to train the two quasi-divine skills to the extreme. Fortunately, he had an outstanding performance in the next God Sealing Battle.

As the greatest competition on the World King Planet, the importance of the God Sealing Battle was self-evident. If one stood out on this, the benefits would be endless. The ranking here was just like the ranking of Earth’s college entrance examination. To a certain extent, it determined a person’s future life.

Beep beep…

“Who is it this time?” There weren’t many Level 9 geniuses from the Floating Planet in Sky City. Lu Ran almost knew all of them. Seeing that someone wanted to spar with him again, he couldn’t help but activate the virtual bracelet and look at the light information thrown.

[Applicant for the challenge: Shi Yu; Level: Level 9.]

[Please confirm the battle time…]

“Shi Yu? Why didn’t I hear…” Lu Ran frowned. Could it be someone from another city who came to travel?