Chapter 1309 - 1309 The First Battle In The Universe (4)

1309 The First Battle in the Universe (4)

“That combination divine skill.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“We’re here to learn this.” Shi Yu stood opposite and smiled at Lu Ran on the other side.

On the other side, Lu Ran frowned and said, “Is that so? Alright, you don’t look like you can easily deal with it.”

He was also here to practice the quasi-divine combination skill. Since Shi Yu had a request, he immediately stretched out his arm. The Sun God Rock turned into a Rock Sun Spear again and appeared in Lu Ran’s hand.

“Be careful. I feel that the other party isn’t simple. That dragon’s eyes are filled with invincibility. It’s either an expert or a fool,” the Sun God Rock, which had turned into a spear, reminded.

“Let’s do it too.” At that moment, when Shi Yu saw that the other party had entered a state, he looked at Little Ji.

Little Ji was stunned and understood. It couldn’t help but feel excited.

Fusion!

Shi Yu wanted to fuse with it!!

It could brag for the rest of its life!

Yes, now, Shi Yu had also cultivated his Fusion Talent. Although it hadn’t been developed to a very high level and couldn’t increase Little Ji’s strength greatly, it was enough.

He developed the Fusion Talent only to conveniently use the pet’s body to touch the other party and replicate skills.

Shi Yu slowly walked forward. Like Little Ji, his body was filled with red light, turning into a light rainbow that filled the sky. In the next moment, they seemed to have fused. With a hum, a terrifying might erupted in the light.

Boom!!

After the deterrence turned into a gust that collapsed the light, one of the monster dragonmen, who was more than four meters tall and had a strong body, appeared shockingly under the endless spirit deterrence. Its clothes exploded, and red magma flowed between its muscles and dragon scales. Two pairs of dragon horns grew behind its head.

This was the first time Shi Yu had entered this state. He shook his body and looked at the spearman opposite him with red eyes. “Alright, come on.”

“Hey, hey, hey…” Lu Ran, who had originally not realized how strong Shi Yu and the others were, suddenly frowned as Shi Yu and Little Ji fused. This was because the dragon’s might emitted from Shi Yu and the others was too terrifying, making even the fire afraid.

“…” Not to mention him, this was the first time the Phoenix man had seen this state. He took a deep breath and felt that Shi Yu had changed… After coming into contact with cosmic civilization, this Blue Planet monster seemed to have become stronger.

On the arena, the warpath fluctuations became stronger and stronger. After being cautious, Lu Ran still chose to attack.

“Sun Disaster, Sun Meteorite!” Lu Ran shouted. Under the Sun Disaster, the sun condensed, and the grass field instantly turned into a sea of fire. The ground cracked for a thousand miles. Fire also spread all over his body, turning into a flame. His spear shot out like a dragon and pierced over.

Boom!!!

The sun flame explosion that spread on their bodies seemed to have turned them into an Illuminate. It was very strong and instantly pierced the spot in front of Shi Yu, who was in his dragonman form. But in the next moment, with a bang, the entire place fell silent.

The profundity spear formed by the two quasi-divine skills was directly pinched in the hand of the tall dragonman in front of him. Shi Yu stretched out his arm and pinched the tip of the sun spear with his palm. His body allowed the flames to burn and the power impale didn’t move at all.

On the other hand, the pinched spear and Lu Ran, who was holding the spear, widened their eyes and trembled in disbelief.

Shi Yu smiled and said, “Great… Disaster!”

Boom!!!

On the dragon’s body, a top-notch destructive power spread and fused into the vibration disaster. Shi Yu’s body was like an erupting volcano, surging with shocking power. With a wave of Shi Yu’s arm, Lu Ran and the spear were raised by him. After squeezing hard, the spear shattered. Then, as Shi Yu turned around, another punch suddenly hit Lu Ran’s abdomen, making him vomit blood. His eyes were shocked. Right on the heels of that, he immediately flew out like a meteor.

Bang!!!

It hit the energy protective shield opposite. At the same time, the Sun God Rock that had been crushed into powder condensed again. But before it could react, its huge dragon tail whipped and directly pulled it back to the Beast Tamer’s side, shattering again.

“Little Ji, your strength is pretty good.” Shi Yu stood on the shattered ground and lowered his arm to praise.

“Roar!! (It’s thanks to your increase, Beast Tamer!!)” In its body, Little Ji praised him back.

In short, a one-hit kill.

For a moment, the entire place was silent.

“This…”

Zhao Miao’er and the snake-haired sea demon, who had just been defeated by Lu Ran, said in disbelief, “The prototype of a top-notch law, a combination divine skill that integrates the power of destruction.”

“What the hell?” The Phoenix man suddenly stood up and looked at Shi Yu, whose battle power was peerless, in confusion. He widened his eyes and felt that Shi Yu in his current state was definitely not inferior to him after fusing with the Star Phoenix. He might even be stronger.

Holy shit, what was going on? Why did this dragon also master the prototype of a top-notch law?

No one expected the battle to end so quickly. At this moment, the Lin family’s genius, Lin Rui, who rushed over while panting, also held the railing and looked at the venue in front of him with a burning gaze, reminiscing about the scene just now.

“The prototype of a top-notch law… No wonder he could defeat Qi Mu, but why do I remember that he contracted so many pets? Which one is this?”

As soon as the destructive power appeared, not to mention the audience, one of the Space Emperor’s pets, a Void Divine Dragon in charge of suppressing the Sky Arena, also suddenly opened its eyes and looked at this level.

“It’s him. Wang Kong said that this kid isn’t at ease. As expected, it’s been less than half a month, and he couldn’t help but come to the arena… The power of destruction is indeed extraordinary. I hope nothing happens. Why don’t I contact Wang Kong? Forget it, it shouldn’t be…” It muttered to itself.