Chapter 1308 - 1308 The First Battle In The Universe (3)

1308 The First Battle in the Universe (3)

For a moment, he couldn’t remember who it was, so he simply confirmed the challenge time. It didn’t matter who the opponent was.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“He seems to have accepted it. The battle is in five minutes,” Shi Yu said to the audience.

“I wonder if the other party knows you…” At this moment, the corners of the Phoenix man’s mouth twitched as he suddenly thought of something.

At this moment, he already knew who spread the news of him losing to Shi Yu.

He originally thought that it was those two guys from the Angel and Demon Race, but later on, he realized that it was Lord Lin Feng who spouted nonsense and spread it… Damn it!!

However, it was Lord Lin Feng. He couldn’t say anything. No wonder Lin Feng’s grandchildren were the first to contact him.

“I don’t think so. Aren’t you stronger than him? If he knew that I defeated you before, he definitely wouldn’t have accepted it so cleanly without even resting,” Shi Yu analyzed with a smile.

Phoenix Man, Star Phoenix: ! @#@!¥

“Roar!!” Beside Shi Yu, Little Ji was already excited.

At the same time, the preview of the next round had already been updated in the various audience seats.

Most people looked at the words [Lu Ran vs Shi Yu] and were at a loss. Who was Shi Yu?

However, very few people suddenly widened their eyes after thinking about it.

In a certain seat, a young man in luxurious clothes was stunned for a moment. Then, right on the heels of that, he looked around and searched for something. He took out his communication device and made a call.

After picking up, he immediately said, “Cousin, cousin, the Shi Yu you mentioned previously is Shi Yu from the Blue Planet. He appeared in the Sky Arena.”

Shi Yu’s name was neither unfamiliar nor familiar, but a portion of people knew him. After these people reacted, they immediately informed each other.

Soon, many people rushed towards the Sky Arena.

Even Zhao Miao’er, who had just been beaten down, returned to the audience to recuperate. When she saw Shi Yu’s name, she was slightly stunned and felt that it was a little familiar.

“Could it be… that Shi Yu?” she thought weakly.

On the other side, Shi Yu was almost done waiting. When the five minutes were up, he and Little Ji were teleported to the arena below by a spatial power in the audience.

Because the venue of the previous battle was broken, it automatically changed into a new lawn venue at the same time.

“You’re Shi Yu? Why haven’t I heard of you before? You’re not a local, right?” Below, Lu Ran and the Sun God Rock had been waiting for a long time. They saw Shi Yu in a panda suit and the brown dragon beside Shi Yu and asked.

“Yes, I’ve just come to Sky City for half a month,” Shi Yu replied.

“I see.” Lu Ran nodded and said, “But even if you’re a guest, we won’t show mercy.”

As soon as he finished speaking, a strong heat wave erupted from the Sun God Rock and turned into deterrence, reminding him of the start of the battle. At the same time, Lu Ran also activated a dual-element strengthening method to assist the Sun God Rock in increasing its strength.

“Sun Flame…” Lu Ran waved his hand and indeed didn’t hold back. He attacked immediately.

Hu hu hu…

A monstrous heat wave spread from the Sun God Rock’s body. It instantly turned into a real sun. After several huge spiral flames rose from its body, nine huge sun fireballs condensed around it and flew out!

It used a transcendent super skill to test him.

“Roar!!!” At the same time, in the face of the nine huge sun fireballs flying over, Little Ji also roared and ran forward. Seeing this, many spectators in the audience watched intently.

Those who didn’t know Shi Yu and were a little familiar with his name paid attention to the battle.

“He really doesn’t plan to send other pets??” The Phoenix man was also silent. Although the style of the genius Beast Tamer on the World King Planet was to only contract a mythical cub, this wasn’t a tradition on the Blue Planet. Shi Yu clearly had a bunch of pets, but he only sent a second team pet now. Was it alright?

“Roar!!!” Then, Little Ji, who had followed Shi Yu over, used its actions to prove that it alone was enough. It first pulled away from Shi Yu to avoid the aftermath of the move affecting Shi Yu. Then, it stood on the spot and raised its head. It looked at the nine huge fireballs falling domineeringly and was indifferent.

Boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom!!!

Nine big fireballs fell onto Little Ji’s body. Its expression didn’t change as it directly endured it. Fiery red smoke rose from all directions. After many people were slightly shocked, with a huge dragon roar, the deterrence wave directly collapsed the fire.

Under the lingering of the Fire Exort Snakes that filled the sky, Little Ji entered a battle state. It blew away the smoke and revealed its uninjured body. The yellow patterns and stomach directly flowed with the power of magma. Its huge tail smashed into the ground, and it looked at the Sun God Rock and Lu Ran opposite it with an invincible gaze.

As the overlord of the earth, it wasn’t even afraid of seawater, let alone fire!

Of course, most importantly, the Destruction Body not only gave Little Ji the power to destroy everything, but it also made its body incomparably strong and difficult to destroy!

“He’s a tough nut!!” After discovering that Little Ji was especially violent, many spectators revealed interested expressions and looked at Shi Yu in the panda suit.

Without using its strengthening ability, the pet relied on its own body to resist the other party’s strengthened move. It wasn’t simple. This time, Lu Ran might have encountered a strong enemy.

“Don’t underestimate us. Just use that move just now.”