Chapter 1311 - 1311 The Space Emperor Who Became Sorrowful (2)

1311 The Space Emperor Who Became Sorrowful (2)

“Then go.” The Phoenix man was amused.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Was this the main point? The main point was that the dragon was f*cking Shi Yu’s second team, the second team!!

As long as Shi Yu wanted to, he could casually summon six to seven demigods. Was this something a normal person could withstand?

Even if those demigods only had one quasi-divine skill, their numbers were f*cking crushing.

1+1+1+1+1+1+1 Even if it couldn’t be equal to 7, it shouldn’t be a problem for it to be greater than 4, right?

“Heh, so be it. I’ll fight him,” Lin Rui said with a cold snort. He directly found the battle card and applied for a challenge.

Seeing this, the Phoenix man adjusted his nonexistent glasses, and a glint flashed in his eyes.

The plan worked.

…

At the same time, below, Shi Yu also discovered the challenge application and accepted it without hesitation. He wanted to fight immediately and didn’t want to waste time.

As for resting? There was no need. When he was tired, he could just summon Baby Ginseng to heal him. If it really didn’t work, he could still change pets and go on stage.

At the same time, while the various spectators were still shocked by Shi Yu’s identity, the preview of the next battle had already been updated.

The words [Shi Yu vs Lin Rui] stunned many people.

“Lin Rui, he’s here too?”

The snake-haired sea demon and Zhao Miao’er were very surprised to see this name. Lin Rui was the grandson of the second expert of the Floating Planet, Lin Feng. His strength could rank him in the top five of the third-generation Beast Tamers of the Floating Planet. He had once obtained the best result in the God Sealing Battle and entered the top 10,000 once.

It was in a completely different dimension from Lu Ran and the others.

Of course, Shi Yu didn’t know this, but he wouldn’t feel anything even if he knew. The stronger the opponent, the happier he was. After all, the stronger the opponent, the stronger the skill he might carry.

“Oh my god.” At this moment, the Void Divine Dragon, who was guarding the arena to spy on this side, couldn’t help but fall silent when it saw that Lin Feng’s grandson was here.

It glanced over again and realized that not only was Lin Feng’s grandson here, but it also discovered a tall woman in a black one-piece dress in an audience seat.

“Qing Qing…” The Void Divine Dragon felt a headache.

The Space Emperor’s favorite granddaughter was also here.

These two people were the same as the disciples of the Space Emperor, Zi Lan. They were outstanding among the third-generation Beast Tamers of the Floating Planet. The Void Divine Dragon estimated that they were both attracted by the news of Shi Yu’s appearance.

“Cough, cough, it’s Lin Rui.” On the other side, Lu Ran was lying weakly in the audience, pinching the nutritional fruit Shi Yu had given him. His mood was as complicated as the Sun God Rock beside him. Damn, no wonder he didn’t know him. So Shi Yu was a Beast Tamer from the Blue Planet.

So strong…

He didn’t know who was stronger in the battle between the other party and Lin Rui.

Soon, a minute passed. Lin Feng’s grandson, Lin Rui, was teleported down. The moment he came down, he saw Shi Yu, who was shirtless, and the dragon that had mastered destructive power staring at them.

“Your name is Lin Rui. What’s your relationship with Senior Lin Feng?” Shi Yu asked with a smile.

“He’s my grandfather. You’re Shi Yu from Blue Planet, right? Grandpa has a very high opinion of you. Come, let me spar with you.” Lin Rui summoned the golden array with a calm expression. In the array, a golden-yellow light dragon in armor appeared beside him. Its aura was several times stronger than that of the Sun God Rock, enough to compete with Zi Lan’s Star Dragon.

“I see.” Shi Yu came to a realization.

How nice.

Emperor Kong and Lin Feng had a lot of descendants.

When would he have a son? No, a daughter was better.

“Roar!!!”

At this moment, the Light Dragon appeared and also looked at Little Ji with a serious expression.

“Hey, you’re from Blue Planet, right? Why can it even master the prototype of a top-notch law?”

Obviously, the Light Dragon also paid attention to the battle just now.

It was a descendant of the dragon race among the five major god races on Blue Planet. It was born with the inheritance of the four divine skills. After stepping into the divine level, it was a high-level Mythical Race and a noble among the dragons on Blue Planet. According to what it knew, the dragons left on Blue Planet were basically the descendants of low-level god races and even demigods.

The theory that it had mastered was at most a normal divine skill with some talent. At most, it would cultivate the prototype of a high-level divine skill later. However, the dragon beside Shi Yu that had come from Blue Planet had mastered the prototype of a top-notch divine skill. This was a little unacceptable to it. It felt that it was completely inferior.

Why did a mere low-level dragon master the prototype of a top-notch divine skill that even a high-level dragon like it didn’t master!

“Do you want to know? It’s not a secret. I’ll tell you after the battle.” Shi Yu chuckled.

Just as he finished speaking, with a boom, the Light Dragon turned into a beam of light and instantly appeared in front of Little Ji. Its speed was so fast that no one could react at all. Its right claw condensed into a fist, and the Lightspeed Fist instantly hit Little Ji’s stomach.

Lightspeed Fist, Lightspeed Law! It could allow one to exceed the limits of their body’s endurance and display extreme speed!

Almost no one present saw this attack clearly.

In fact, the Light Dragon’s Lightspeed Fist had also instantly killed Lin Rui’s opponent many times before his opponent could react.

“This…”

When everyone reacted, they stared at the arena in a daze. With a boom, accompanied by a huge sound, the ground behind Little Ji was flipped over. Countless sands and dust swept up the Illuminate to form a storm, and the sky cracked. However, to everyone’s surprise, in the face of this sudden punch, this brown dragon still didn’t move at all!

Instead, it slowly raised its head and looked at the Light Dragon that had punched it.