Chapter 1310 - 1310 The Space Emperor Who Became Sorrowful (1)

1310 The Space Emperor Who Became Sorrowful (1)

[Copy successful]

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

< Name > Sun Disaster

< Introduction > It’s a quasi-divine-level fire-element skill.

It contained the law of fire drought.

The effect was to trigger the disaster of the sun and create an absolute high temperature. It increased the strength of the sun and weakened the strength of the water-element power.

[Copy successful]

< Name > Sun Meteor

< Introduction > It’s a quasi-divine-level fire-element skill.

It contained the law of fire burning.

The effect was to burn life force and create a weapon that was enough to fall the sun.

“…”

On the arena, as Shi Yu grabbed Lu Ran’s arms, shattered them, and sent him flying, he had already successfully replicated two quasi-divine skills.

After taking a closer look at the Skill Effect, Shi Yu realized that both skills were alright. At least, they weren’t useless.

In Shi Yu’s team, Chi Tong, Baby Ginseng, and Little Ji could all learn sun-related Skills. These two skills happened to be the most suitable for Little Ji in the arena.

With the Sun Disaster Skill, it could better target the ocean. Putting aside the increase in battle power, it could mainly make Little Ji more excited, providing it with emotional value.

No wonder Lu Ran could deal with the snake-haired sea demon so easily. So he had a fire-element skill that specialized in countering water-element…

As for the Sun Meteorite skill, it could also allow Little Ji, who was used to using the Space Splitting Sword and a super heavy sword, to have a more convenient weapon.

He shall see who still wanted to fly into the sky and stand shoulder-to-shoulder with the sun. They would directly use the Sun Meteorite Sword to warn them!

Although they weren’t the prototypes of powerful divine skills, at least they weren’t completely useless. Moreover, they could still be fused in the future.

Shi Yu wasn’t that greedy. He wanted to be lucky enough to replicate top-notch skills the moment he came up and slowly search for them.

“The battle is over. The winner is Shi Yu!”

“Information update. Shi Yu has already become the new arena lord.”

At this moment, the battle ended. A mechanical voice came from somewhere in the spatial battlefield and announced the results.

“Roar!!” Under Little Ji’s triumphant roar, Shi Yu and it removed their fusion state.

Shi Yu’s upper body clothes had already exploded. He took out a new shirt from his space and hung it on his shoulder. He smiled at his opponent.

Lu Ran suffered one attack, and the Sun God Rock suffered two. At this moment, Lu Ran almost fainted, and the Sun God Rock could only be considered a serious injury. It could still continue fighting.

But at this point, the AI of the arena tower had already determined that there was no need to continue.

“Cough, cough.” Lu Ran, who was opposite him, opened his eyes with difficulty. His entire body twitched. At this moment, Shi Yu took out a nutritional fruit from his spatial pocket and accurately threw it beside the Sun God Rock.

“What are you doing?” The Sun God Rock formed a rock arm and caught the nutritional fruit. Its body was stunned as it sensed that this was a relatively high-level restoration item.

“It’s nothing. I just attacked a little too seriously. This is a special medicine for the attack just now. After giving it to him, he’ll recover quickly.”

Shi Yu maintained his smile. Even if he had the Crowd Control power, the injuries caused by the vibration power of destruction were very deep. Apart from Baby Ginseng’s medicine, Shi Yu was really worried that the other medicines weren’t good enough.

“No…” The Sun God Rock was just about to refuse, not wanting to accept its opponent’s charity, when they were teleported back to the audience seats by the arena. Only Shi Yu and the others were left in the arena.

“Roar!!!” Standing on the dry ground, Little Ji raised its head and roared again.

“I am the overlord of the earth!!!”

“No fear, all challenges!! Come to the water element!”

In order to better introduce itself to many spectators, Little Ji used the language of the mind. This was the universal language, a skill to transform telepathy into language. All races knew how to cultivate it.

As long as one wanted to use it, anyone could. It depended on whether they wanted to spend the effort.

While Shi Yu and the others were still below, the expressions of the Floating Planet geniuses in the audience were already extremely solemn.

“Who is this… So strong, he actually insta-killed Lu Ran.”

“Could it be a contractor who entered the top 10,000 before the God Sealing Battle?”

“What God Sealing Battle? He’s from Blue Planet, from the mother planet of the Space Emperor and Lord Lin Feng. He’s a genius dug up by the Space Emperor and Lord Lin Feng from their mother planet! He just arrived at the World King Planet recently!” Someone among the geniuses who had just arrived at the arena said.

In an instant, Shi Yu’s identity exploded.

A genius dug up from his mother planet by the Space Emperor and Lin Feng?!

“No wonder he’s so strong.” The contractor of the snake-haired sea demon, Zhao Miao’er, saw that Lu Ran, who had easily defeated her, was easily insta-killed. Apart from being shocked, she was extremely curious about Shi Yu.

The Space Emperor and Lin Feng were the strongest Beast Tamers on the Floating Planet. Countless juniors were extremely curious about their identities and experiences.

Now that a genius from their hometown had appeared, how could they not care?

What kind of treasure land was this Blue Planet?

Not only did five god races appear, but there were also experts like the Space Emperor and Lin Feng who could fight above their level.

Now, another Beast Tamer had contracted and mastered the prototype of a top-notch destruction law at a young age!

Shi Yu’s identity immediately stimulated the desire of many people to win.

“Qi Mu, you’re indeed here.” Lin Rui, Lin Feng’s grandson, finally found Qi Mu, who was watching the show. He couldn’t help but say, “What’s going on? You brought him here?”

“Ah, Lin Rui.” When the Phoenix man saw the other party, he chuckled and said, “More or less. By the way, didn’t you want to get to know Shi Yu previously? Now that there’s a chance, go.”

He pointed down, meaning that Lin Rui would be able to get to know Shi Yu by challenging him.

Lin Rui’s expression was calm as he said, “You think I don’t dare? I’m not trash, Lu Ran. Although the prototype of top-notch laws is powerful, a prototype is still a prototype in the end. Moreover, from the looks of it, their cultivation level isn’t high.”