Chapter 1316 - 1316 Space Disaster Research Institute (1)

1316 Space Disaster Research Institute (1)

After obtaining the Space Emperor’s command, the Void Divine Dragon muttered in its heart.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

It glanced at Shi Yu and the others, who had just defeated the Space Emperor’s granddaughter and were in the midst of their warpath. It thought to itself: How could I remind him?

The other party is fighting well, and it’ll be too obvious for me to suddenly stop him from fighting. It’ll be too much.

I, the Void Divine Dragon, can’t afford to lose that dragon.

“Wait, I have it.” The Void Divine Dragon suddenly thought of a brilliant plan.

At the same time.

After Shi Yu successfully replicated the skill from the Space Emperor’s granddaughter, he became more and more addicted.

Strong people were addicted.

They felt that this Sky Arena, no, this World King Planet, was really a good place.

On Blue Planet, it was too difficult to find a demigod who knew quasi-divine skills.

If he wanted to replicate the skill, a fight would have to alarm the world. It was a troublesome batch, and the consumption was huge.

However, on this World King Planet, as long as it was a genius of a large faction, everyone would contract a divine beast cub. The divine beast cub had many quasi-divine skills. Regardless of the quality, just in terms of numbers, it was too comfortable.

After replicating hundreds of quasi-divine skills and fusing them, wouldn’t he be invincible at the divine level in the future?

“This guy… They really don’t seem to have consumed any energy.”

“His condition is simply better than when he just started!”

“Did you notice that Shi Yu used other enhancements just now!”

“I feel it too. Although he fused previously, I can tell that the compatibility between the two parties isn’t very high, but in this battle, the other party seems to have even fused his mind.”

“Apart from that, there should also be a spatial strengthening talent. Shi Yu also cultivated a spatial strengthening ability!”

At this moment, when they saw Shi Yu and Little Ji easily defeat Wang Qingqing after being healed by Baby Ginseng, the expressions of many Floating Planet geniuses darkened.

They had the intention of facing a common enemy. After all, in the end, Shi Yu was still an outsider.

“Is there anyone else!” Below, Shi Yu didn’t care much and planned to continue.

Wang Qingqing was indeed not easy to fight. The spatial element was too difficult to fight, unlike the dragon element just now, which could be suppressed by bloodlines. Therefore, apart from fusing, Shi Yu and Little Ji entered a mental resonance state. At the same time, he also used his spatial strengthening talent.

Only then did he easily and successfully win this battle.

After all, the Fusion Talent was cultivated later and wasn’t proficient. As for telepathy, it was a natural talent. It was better for Shi Yu to use it to strengthen the effect.

Coupled with the spatial strengthening talent to strengthen the Cataclysm, it would directly shatter space violently and kill the opponent!

It was like a walking disaster!

“Roar!!!!” They won another battle. Under Little Ji’s roar, the weak Wang Qingqing was teleported out with an indignant expression.

At the same time, Baby Ginseng stretched again. Its palm faced Shi Yu and Little Ji as it released restoration fluctuations.

“Yiya!!”

A moment later, Shi Yu and Little Ji recovered to their peak state energetically. This scene was extremely ridiculous, making the corners of the mouths of the geniuses in the audience twitch.

In addition to Shi Yu’s declaration that he wanted to continue defending the arena, for a moment, many people looked at each other, wanting to see who could really punish Shi Yu.

Even if Shi Yu looked like a good person, they couldn’t let him keep winning in Sky City.

“Sister Qingqing, are you alright?” After the Space Emperor’s granddaughter was teleported back, Zi Lan immediately asked with concern.

“Sister Zi Lan, you harmed me,” Wang Qingqing said as soon as she returned. However, the Space Emperor’s disciple, Zi Lan, smiled and said, “No, you were the one who swore that you could defeat him.”

Wang Qingqing revealed an expression of great injustice.

Zi Lan chuckled, but she was actually quite shocked in her heart. After all, when Shi Yu was on Blue Planet, although his pets were very strong and had demigod battle power, she could tell that no matter which individual it was, they were still inferior to the cosmic partner they contracted.

At that time, no matter which pet Shi Yu took out alone, it was impossible for it to defeat the Star Phoenix that was resting on the tree.

He had to rely on a bunch of pets to win. Although it was indeed easy to win, in the end, it relied on numbers.

But now, given the current situation, Shi Yu alone had enough to sweep through three generations of Beast Tamers on the Floating Planet. How long had it been? This growth speed was simply too terrifying.

As the strongest on Blue Planet, he indeed had some farming skills.

Now that he had come into contact with a cosmic civilization, his improvement was even faster. Perhaps Shi Yu really had a chance to become famous in the God Sealing Battle and in the starry sky.

However, what concerned Zi Lan even more was that the arena had yet to announce the preview of the next battle.

After Shi Yu defeated Wang Qingqing, no one applied for the next battle. This situation made the corners of Zi Lan’s eyes twitch. Could it be… After hearing Shi Yu say that he still had a bunch of pets, no Beast Tamer on the Floating Planet dared to challenge him?

“Tsk.” Phoenix Man also discovered that the previews of the previous battles were seamlessly connected, but after this battle, no one challenged.

Hahaha, the direct descendants of Lord Lin Feng and Lord Space Emperor had lost. Let’s see who still muttered about him as an adopted son.

It would be best if more people lost!

“Sister Zi Lan, you’re stronger than me. Aren’t you going? You should know him the best and have the greatest hope of defeating him, right?” At this moment, the defeated Wang Qingqing said to Zi Lan, making Zi Lan fall into deep thought.

“Uncle Wang??” Lin Rui was originally recuperating in the audience, but he suddenly discovered a familiar face. He immediately said, “Uncle Wang, why are you here too?”