Chapter 1315 - 1315 The Space Emperor Who Became Sorrowful (6)

1315 The Space Emperor Who Became Sorrowful (6)

Therefore, they said that the most scammy thing about Shi Yu was that he had contracted a bunch of demigods alone. Speaking of which, was this guy really not worried that he couldn’t afford to raise pets in the future? It was alright now, but after the divine level, that was a pit.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

If Shi Yu wanted to nurture every pet to the super divine level, it would be even harder. Where could he find a two-digit source of transcendence? In his dreams?

“He contracted many, but he only sent one… You mean…”

At this moment, when she realized that Shi Yu had a bunch of pets but only took one out to fight her, it was definitely because he looked down on her. The Space Emperor’s granddaughter was a little angry and directly attacked.

In the void, the Void Divine Dragon was still silent. It shouldn’t be a problem for a junior to fight, right…

Forget it, it was indeed better to inform the Space Emperor.

…

On the Floating Planet, the Space Emperor, who was handling important matters, suddenly received telepathy from the Void Divine Dragon in Sky City.

“Wang Kong, Wang Kong, are you there?”

The Space Emperor stood on the spot and said, “I’m here. What’s wrong?”

The Void Divine Dragon said, “That Shi Yu from the Blue Planet came to the arena.”

After being stunned, the Space Emperor said, “Oh, that’s normal. He should have already adapted to the environment of the World King Planet and wanted to walk around. Why, is he fighting anyone? With his strength, there shouldn’t be anyone among the three generations of the Floating Planet who’s his match.”

The Void Divine Dragon said, “Lu Ran of the Lu family was easily defeated by him with a dragon-type pet.”

“Lin Feng’s grandson, Lin Rui, was also easily defeated by him with a dragon-type pet.”

The Space Emperor said, “Huh? That kid Lin Rui lost too? I have to tell Lin Feng later. The dragon-type pet is that Green Dragon? It’s actually so strong? Even if it mastered the laws of creation, it shouldn’t be able to defeat Lin Rui alone, right? Could it be that Shi Yu consumed a large amount of power of faith? Or does that Green Dragon have other quasi-divine skills?”

The Void Divine Dragon said, “It’s not the Green Dragon, but another one. It should be the so-called mechanical phantom beast. Most importantly, this pet has mastered the Destruction Law, which is also a top-notch law! According to Shi Yu, it’s the destructive power they absorbed and mastered after destroying the Ancestral Dragon clone of the World Destruction Demon Dragon left on the Blue Planet. That Earth Dragon is simply as strong as the World Destruction Dragon.”

“I wonder how the dragons will feel.”

On the other side, the Space Emperor fell into deep thought and also had a shocked expression. Shi Yu… had even destroyed the remnant soul of the Ancestral Dragon clone, the World Destruction Demon Dragon, on Blue Planet?

This was news that Zi Lan hadn’t reported previously. How many secrets was Shi Yu hiding?

“It’s alright,” the Space Emperor said. “Under the competition of the younger generation, it’s good too. I’ll also let these little guys on the Floating Planet experience the dangers of the universe.”

“Hasn’t that grandson Lin Feng been arrogant for a long time? Haha.”

The Void Divine Dragon said, “Don’t be amused. Just now, your most beloved granddaughter, Wang Qingqing, was also knocked out by Shi Yu.”

Emperor Kong: “?”

“Now, the second-generation disciples of the Floating Planet are also here. Your good-for-nothing son, who hasn’t reached the divine level, has also come. What if he also wants to challenge Shi Yu? I feel that he’s not his match. Are you going to let your son and granddaughter be beaten up? At that time, Lin Feng will definitely laugh even more arrogantly than you.”

The Space Emperor was stunned.

“This Shi Yu, didn’t I ask him to go to the Environmental Protection Association to apply for the identity certificate of the abyss pet as soon as possible? Why did he go to the arena again!” The Space Emperor couldn’t help but say angrily, “What if the pet is captured as an unregistered person! You, remind him!”