Chapter 1318 - 1318 Space Disaster Research Institute (3)

1318 Space Disaster Research Institute (3)

As for the third round, the battle with Wang Qingqing, Shi Yu was very helpless. He only replicated one skill because the other party’s pet had only used one quasi-divine skill from the beginning to the end.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

[Space Control] was a top-notch high-level divine skill.

Unfortunately, Buggy had this skill. Although it wasn’t a quasi-divine skill yet and was only at the super skill stage, and it had yet to master a quasi-divine skill, it could increase sooner or later, so it replicated loneliness.

Therefore, Shi Yu didn’t find this girl as pleasing to the eye as the two men in front. He didn’t know if her pet really only had one quasi-divine skill or if the other skills weren’t suitable for battle.

However, although there was only one quasi-divine skill, the strength of the other party’s contracted beast was alright. It wasn’t weaker than the Light Dragon with four quasi-divine skills, or even stronger.

As expected of the spatial element. As long as the development level was high and the quality of the skill was high, sometimes, a skill could crack everything.

“Roar!!!”

After returning, Little Ji helplessly ate dirt in the room, feeling that it had yet to fight to its heart’s content.

With its current strength, which was enough to fight for the top three or even first place in the team, it shouldn’t end with just three battles like this.

“Roar!! (I’m invincible~ How lonely~)” Little Ji shook its head.

“Ji. (This guy is arrogant!)” Buggy and the others also pointed at Little Ji. Damn it.

They didn’t expect that there would be a day when the second team rose.

Especially Buggy. It felt that without the power of faith, it was no longer Little Ji’s match.

The pets in the first team felt a sense of danger.

If it weren’t for the support of the “weakest evolution first” theory, Buggy would have suspected that Buggy had given birth. It couldn’t believe that it would be surpassed by Little Ji one day.

After Shi Yu saw Little Ji’s battle power after adding points, he didn’t brag or mock it. He indeed felt that Little Ji could currently fight for the top three in the team.

The benefits of adding points first…

However, at the moment, Shi Yu couldn’t add any more points. After making a decision, he could only add points one by one according to the cost-effective ratio order.

After all, this was a very critical moment. The goal was the God Sealing Battle in 10 months, so the order of adding points couldn’t be messy…

“We’re done fighting. In fact, it proves that as long as you raise your top-notch super skills to the quasi-divine skill stage, you don’t need a lot of them to defeat those divine beast cubs with quality.”

Shi Yu used the mental conference room to hold a small meeting for his pets and said,

“Next, the order of adding points. How about this? Baby Ginseng’s Plant Control and Green Wood Divine Body, these two skills mainly affect the quality of the supplements. The priority of adding points is the highest.”

“Yiya!!” Baby Ginseng was delighted.

“Next is Duckie. We also have the Eye of the Evil God obtained from hunting the Abyss Demon Frog. It’s from the super divine life form, the Abyss Evil God. It might be a little difficult for you to control it, so next, we have to increase your cleansing ability and strive to have a few more cleansing quasi-divine skills.”

“This is also to make it easier for you to participate in the Environmental Protection Department’s assessment next and get an identity card.”

“Quack!!” Duckie cried. It had troubled the Beast Tamer. Thank you, Beast Tamer! Now, Duckie felt that Little Ji’s tail could slap it to death. When had it, the Duck Emperor, suffered such grievances!

“It’s still not safe for Duckie to refine the Eye of the Evil God itself, so it needs Susu’s support. Therefore, next, Susu, I’ll also try to fuse your Blue Sea Contract. Now that we’ve left Blue Planet, the Blue Sea Contract isn’t very useful. Let’s try to see if we can upgrade it to a stronger skill.”

“You’re also the core of the upgrade!”

“Ning!!” Susu was also nervous. Little Ji had fused with the World Annihilation Dragon’s soul crystal, and Duckie wanted to refine the eye of the Abyss Evil God. It was really worried that if it didn’t become stronger quickly, it wouldn’t even be able to defeat the second team.

“I’ve investigated. There seem to be a lot of evolution materials suitable for you in the Environmental Protection Department. When the time comes, I’ll think of a way to buy some. Then, you can use Infinite Devour to evolve and become stronger,” Shi Yu said with a smile.

Now that he was in the starry sky, it was time to fulfill the promise of the Star Sea Sprite.

“Ning!! (Yay~!)” Susu was happy.

“As for Eleven, Buggy, Chi Tong, Ling, you guys, wait first. One by one. Don’t worry, there are still 10 months. We still have plenty of time. We won’t leave you behind. In the end, we’ll definitely challenge the God Sealing Battle in our best state!”

“Ling, I’ll ask Senior Space Emperor later if there’s any way to use your Starry Sky Storm.”

Shi Yu said at the end.

Back then, when he had just unlocked the skill deduction, he had promised Ling to deduce a powerful skill for it first. Shi Yu didn’t go back on his word. After increasing its physique on Blue Planet, he deduced the Starry Sky Storm for it one after another, laying the foundation for him to befriend the Kirin Race and deducing the Wind of Blessing.

Among them, Shi Yu had already obtained the method for Ling to learn and develop the Starry Sky Storm.

[Exclusive Learning Method]: Firstly, modify yourself into a cosmic mechanical life form that is adapted to the starry sky. Secondly, enter the Starry Sky Storm and use the “Turning Misfortune into Luck” skill to absorb the power of the Starry Sky Storm into your body. Finally, try to add the power of the Starry Sky Storm to the “Wind Spirit Bead”. Practice repeatedly, and there’s a chance of learning the Starry Sky Storm.

This learning method was neither difficult nor simple. Ling’s turning misfortune into luck could indeed absorb dangerous Skills. Ling’s Wind Spirit Bead could indeed absorb and adapt to most energy, but learning the Starry Sky Storm through this exclusive method was still too dangerous.

After all, this was a cosmic disaster.

It was very likely that it would, unfortunately, die during the adaptation process and repeat the mistake of that unlucky Kirin Race.