Chapter 1319 - 1319 Space Disaster Research Institute (4)

1319 Space Disaster Research Institute (4)

After all, the most ordinary cosmic storm could kill divine-level cosmic disasters.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Even if there was the wind of luck to increase luck and the World Tree Fruit to increase learning comprehension, Shi Yu and the others definitely wouldn’t dare to scam the real Starry Sky Storm in the short term. Therefore, they could only ask the Space Emperor to see if there were any other ways to come into contact.

“Wu wu wu!!” “Roar!!” “Mi~!” “I understand.”

The pets naturally had no objections to Shi Yu’s arrangements. In any case, the pets had already decided that before they finished adding points, they would definitely not fight in the team, in case they were bullied by the second team.

…

Then, Shi Yu began to add points to Baby Ginseng, Duckie, and Susu.

However, less than two days later, the Space Emperor contacted Shi Yu and asked him when he planned to register the Abyss Duck.

“Senior Space Emperor, I’m worried that it can’t pass the assessment, so I’m still training its cleansing power,” Shi Yu replied with his cell phone.

“Well, it’s good that you remember. Before registering, don’t casually send it out. It’s best if you don’t even fight much. Even if you don’t send it out, some guys from the Environmental Protection Department can sense it,” the Space Emperor said.

“Actually, you don’t have to worry so much about the assessment. It’s not as difficult as you think.”

“I understand. After I’m done here, I’ll immediately register my identity,” Shi Yu said. “By the way, Senior Space Emperor, I want to ask you. Do you know any place where I can come into contact with a cosmic storm that’s not that dangerous?”

Emperor Kong: “?”

Why did the Space Emperor feel that the Starry Sky Storm and not that dangerous couldn’t be connected?

“What do you want to do?” the Space Emperor asked.

Shi Yu said, “Mechanical pets and I have analyzed and developed a set of methods to learn the Starry Sky Storm. However, we need to come into contact with the real Starry Sky Storm.”

The Space Emperor gritted his teeth and said, “Are you crazy? How can you master such a cosmic disaster just like that? Even Lin Feng and I don’t dare to fight the cosmic storm head-on, let alone hear of a cosmic life form taking things too hard to come into contact with the cosmic storm.”

Shi Yu was really not easy to deal with.

“The cosmic disasters like the Starry Sky Storm are so powerful. Isn’t there any cosmic life form who wants to master them??” Shi Yu asked.

Emperor Kong said, “The reason why disasters are called disasters is because it’s too difficult to control them. If you want to master them, I’m afraid only those super divines have the chance to do it, and the risk is also very high. I suggest you give up.”

Perhaps worried that Shi Yu would take things too hard and really go to the starry sky to find some cosmic storm, the Space Emperor right on the heels of that and said, “Your understanding of the danger of the cosmic storm is definitely not direct.”

“Let me recommend a place for you. It’s called the ‘Space Disaster Research Institute’. An old friend of mine holds an important position in that place. He mainly studies cosmic disasters, including ‘Cold Silence’, ‘Space Tide’, ‘Starry Sky Storm’, and ‘Black Hole’. It’s all involved. If you have time, you can learn it.”

“They also occasionally simulate cosmic disasters in various ways. If you really don’t give up, go here and give it a try. Although I don’t know if I can satisfy your request, I only allow you to go here. Don’t think of coming into contact with the real cosmic storm. Otherwise, don’t blame me for locking you up,” the Space Emperor said.

“Ha… Haha, I understand, Senior Space Emperor. I’m not a child.”

The Space Emperor was silent. At hundreds of years old, Shi Yu, a little brat in his twenties, was indeed a child!

“Space Disaster Research Institute…” Shi Yu said, “There’s actually a disaster simulation. I want to take a look. Sorry to trouble you.”

Emperor Kong said, “Alright, I’ll inform that old friend in advance and write you a recommendation letter. You can go to the Environmental Protection Department to register your identity and learn for a period of time.”

“In three days, come to the temple. This is the first time you’ve left Sky City. I’ll give you some protective things, or rather, do you need me to send you a guide and bodyguard?”

Shi Yu said, “No need, no need. There’s no need to trouble others. Just give me a few spatial Teleportation Talismans that can escape the super divine level.”

Emperor Kong: “?”

Could it escape the spatial Teleportation Talisman of a super divine level? What was it trying to do?