Chapter 1317 - 1317 Space Disaster Research Institute (2)

1317 Space Disaster Research Institute (2)

“Could it be that you’re also here to spar with him?” he said to the bearded geek beside him.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The person in front of him was one of the sons of the Space Emperor. He was relatively profligate. Although he was profligate, he was still a second-generation Beast Tamer of the Floating Planet after all. He had lived longer and had accumulated a richer foundation than the third-generation Beast Tamer.

The bearded otaku named Uncle Wang was stunned. He turned to look at Lin Rui and said, “Little Rui… Sigh, I’m just here to watch the commotion. Why should I interfere in the sparring between you juniors…”

“But don’t you like to spar with us juniors?” Lin Rui curled his lips and said. This guy couldn’t defeat the top geniuses of the same generation. He always liked to bully third-generation disciples in the name of guiding battles. His reputation was already far-reaching.

However, one way or another, the other party’s strength was indeed alright. After all, he had been stuck at Level 9 for a long time. In name, it was to fight in the God Sealing Battle for a few more years, but in fact, he was unwilling to compete with the geniuses who had already stepped into the divine level in the same batch. He planned to eat and wait for death at Level 9.

“Uncle Wang, go and guide him,” Lin Rui encouraged.

“That’s true…” The bearded otaku named Uncle Wang fell into a dilemma. It was mainly because he couldn’t see through Shi Yu. Who knew how many pets Shi Yu still had? He didn’t want to fight a battle he wasn’t confident in. If he could confirm that he would win 100%, he would have long gone up.

However, now that he was facing the urging of a junior, Uncle Wang was in a dilemma.

This situation was happening everywhere in the audience. Now that many people saw that no one was challenging Shi Yu, they immediately panicked. How could this be?

The genius of the Floating Planet was tortured by the genius of the Blue Planet. In the end, no one dared to fight. How ugly would it be if word got out?

If the other five god races and other factions on the Blue Planet who were on good terms with the Floating Planet heard about it, they would feel very apologetic.

However, in reality, the current Shi Yu was indeed not easy to fight. He came from a remote Blue Planet, and no one knew his background. Even if they wanted to fight, they wanted to see more before fighting, not rush out without any information.

For a moment, the arena was awkward. Even Shi Yu began to wonder why no one continued to challenge him.

At this moment, finally, a mechanical voice resounded through the entire Sky Arena, saving this awkward situation.

[Dear members of the Sky Arena:

We will maintain the battle facilities of the Sky Arena in 10 minutes. During the maintenance, the Sky Arena will be temporarily closed.

We are very sorry for the impact on the members. Please understand that because this is an emergency maintenance, the maintenance time is pending. We will inform you immediately after the maintenance is completed.]

Shi Yu: “?”

Shi Yu was still waiting for the next challenger, but he didn’t expect an arena maintenance announcement.

“Roar?” Little Ji was stunned. What was going on?

“So unlucky,” Shi Yu muttered.

This was too coincidental and unlucky. He had caught up to the maintenance the first time he came to the arena, and had yet to replicate enough.

“Unfortunately, the arena has to be maintained. Looks like this battle can’t be carried out in the short term.” Zi Lan placed the battle card in the slot and said regretfully to Wang Qingqing beside her. Wang Qingqing also had a puzzled expression. Maintained?

“Sigh, I didn’t expect to meet the maintenance time just as I arrived,” the good-for-nothing son of the Space Emperor said regretfully.

In an instant, those who were instigated by their companions and were still hesitating if they should challenge Shi Yu heaved a sigh of relief. At the same time, they had regretful expressions on their faces. They were quite dissatisfied with the maintenance this time.

“Damn it, it’s only been three rounds!” The Phoenix man was also quite dissatisfied.

He hadn’t seen enough.

Seeing the person he knew being beaten up by Shi Yu, he was even happier than Shi Yu.

“Son of a b*tch…” At this moment, in the void, the Void Divine Dragon, who was secretly controlling everything, sensed the complaints in the arena and cursed.

What was he mumbling about!

Not being able to visit for two days to protect the arena was still better than all of them being ravaged by Shi Yu!

How embarrassing would it be if it spread to the five major divine races!

A group of guys who didn’t know how to be grateful.

First, they would maintain it for two days. Then, during this period of time, they would think of a way to join forces with the Space Emperor and chase Shi Yu to the Environmental Protection Association to register!!

…

“What a pity, what a pity. I actually made it in time for the maintenance today. When the arena opens, I’ll call you.”

After the arena closed, Shi Yu bid farewell to the regretful Phoenix Man and shook his head to return to his place.

Then, he concluded the gains from the three battles.

In the first round, in his battle against Lu Ran, he replicated [Sun Disaster] and [Sun Meteorite]!

It could be taught to Little Ji.

In the second round, he fought Lin Rui and replicated [Light Speed Fist], [Holy Light Divine Healing], [Light Interlocking], and [Star God Cannon]!

One was a fast attack skill, the other was a healing skill, the other was a dodging skill, and the other was an attack skill.

To be honest, they were all too normal.

They were all quasi-divine skills advanced by ordinary super skills that weren’t top-notch.

Compared to the pile of top-notch skills specially concocted by Shi Yu’s pets, it was completely incomparable.

It couldn’t even be considered a complete law of light. It could only be considered a part of the usage of the law of light, a scrap.

Moreover, in the team, only Eleven could be relatively compatible with these four skills. Baby Ginseng, Ling, and the others weren’t very good and couldn’t be taught.

Among them, Baby Ginseng could learn the Holy Light Divine Healing, but the meaning wasn’t very great. The Sun and Moon Glory Skill also had the same effect, and it was stronger…

However, Shi Yu still replicated it, planning to see if he could fuse it into [Light Control] and advance to a complete light law divine skill.

As for Light Control, it was a high-level divine skill after all. It was alright for Light and Darkness Panda Eleven. When the time came, it still needed to prepare Dark Control.