Chapter 1313 - 1313 The Space Emperor Who Became Sorrowful (4)

1313 The Space Emperor Who Became Sorrowful (4)

World-destroying disaster!

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Because this wasn’t a planet at all, theoretically speaking, Little Ji’s effect of using the Cataclysm here was greatly reduced.

However, the reason why Shi Yu added some Earth Control to Little Ji first was to avoid this situation.

With the control of the ground, even if it was in the sky and the starry sky, Little Ji could make the land it stood on become the ground, displaying the perfect effect as much as possible!

Now, it had even fused with the destructive power. Compared to the original World Destroyer, the Earth Divine Dragon, the current Little Ji should be better known as the World Destroyer!!

It had already surpassed its master.

“Roar!!” Everyone felt the horror of this move.

In an instant, shocking magma flames spread from the crack in the ground. As the ground trembled, they swept up like a tsunami, devouring the ground and sweeping with layers of power. In an instant, they spewed out like a volcano eruption!

Boom!!!

The entire venue was like a volcano. With Little Ji as the core, the magma sea of fire rolled. The magma pillar of fire more than a thousand meters in diameter swept the destructive power of the shock wave into the sky and devoured the Light Dragon!

Everyone held their breaths and could see that the frightened Lin Rui and the Light Dragon wanted to resist, but their trembling bodies made the audience very clear…

The other party was shocked by the deterrence and found it difficult to move!

Deterrence of the same level rarely happened. Then, there was only one possibility. What Shi Yu said was true.

They really destroyed the dark side of the Ancestral Dragon and absorbed its power. Only in this way would the Light Dragon, a descendant of the World Destruction Demon Dragon, and its contractor feel such strong and irresistible pressure.

“No…” As the Light Dragon shouted, the magma swallowed it with a bang. The magma rain that filled the sky exploded, shaking the energy shield. At this moment, the World Annihilation Dragon might finally dissipate. On the other side, Lin Rui’s face was pale. He panted to the limit and looked at the scene in front of him in disbelief.

Bang bang bang bang bang!! Lava balls fell, and the Light Dragon also fell.

“Light Enhancement, activate!”

“Healing strengthening, activate…!” Lin Rui quickly shouted in succession. At the same time, he activated all the strength in his body. Law ripples lingered on his body. He had actually developed and mastered a divine-level talent like Zi Lan.

Under his strengthening, the surrounding light seemed to have been absorbed by the fallen Light Dragon. The explosive burns on its body quickly recovered their restoration, suspected to be the ability of a quasi-divine skill to absorb light to recover from injuries.

“Lin Rui lost!” Seeing this, no one dared to believe it, but the truth was so ridiculous. It was another insta-kill battle, and it even triggered the news of a shocking explosion. It was big news that was enough to shock the dragons of the five major god races on Blue Planet.

“Just one more attack!”

At the moment, although Lin Rui quickly helped the Light Dragon recover its restoration, anyone could tell that as long as Shi Yu attacked in a hurry, victory was in his grasp.

“Let’s see who’s still talking about me!!” The Phoenix Man and the Star Phoenix were also very shocked. They didn’t expect that this silly-looking dragon could actually be considered a different Ancestral Dragon inheritance.

No wonder Shi Yu said that its strength had increased greatly and it had been reborn.

Moreover, he had also seen the combination skill just now. The earth-element and spatial disaster, together with the earth-element Earth Control and the destructive power, was simply perfect. This was a real disaster-type skill!

This was much more perfect than the quasi-divine skill of that Light Dragon.

At this moment, the Phoenix man even had a feeling that this dragon was Shi Yu’s strongest pet now.

No matter what, even Lord Lin Feng’s biological grandson had been defeated. There shouldn’t be anyone complaining about his loss, right!

“This guy is indeed very strong…” The Space Emperor’s granddaughter also looked at this scene in silence and said, “However, Lin Rui losing so quickly is also related to that dragon being suppressed by its bloodline. If it were me…”

“Is that so? Then do you want to challenge it too?” At this moment, another voice sounded. Wang Qingqing looked over and said, “Sister Zi Lan, why are you here?”

“It’s nothing. I just came to take a look.” Zi Lan sat beside Wang Qingqing and smiled. “Sister Qingqing, go challenge it and take a look.”

Wang Qingqing kept feeling that her grandfather’s disciple wanted to harm her, but there was no evidence.

As the Floating Planet genius who led the team to the Blue Planet, Zi Lan definitely knew Shi Yu’s strength the best.

“As long as you win, I’ll give you the Skill Crystal you’ve been thinking about for a long time,” Zi Lan said.

Wang Qingqing was stunned. “It’s a deal?”

“Well… However, the battle doesn’t seem to be over…” Zi Lan suddenly looked at the arena.

Shi Yu didn’t add fuel to the fire. Instead, he and Little Ji watched the other party recover his Restoration calmly. This stunned many people. They didn’t expect Shi Yu to be a “gentleman”.

At this moment, on the other side, Lin Rui and the Light Dragon were rather miserable, but they quickly recovered and looked at Shi Yu in shock.

Shi Yu walked to Little Ji’s side and smiled at them.

“Continue. The best way to eliminate fear is to face fear. Come, don’t waste this battle. Let’s attack together in the second round,” Shi Yu invited Lin Rui.

“You…” At this moment, be it Lin Rui, the Light Dragon, or the audience, their hearts trembled.

“Could it be…” The Space Emperor’s granddaughter was slightly surprised.

Was Shi Yu trying to help Lin Rui and the Light Dragon overcome their weakness??