Chapter 1314 - 1314 The Space Emperor Who Became Sorrowful (5)

1314 The Space Emperor Who Became Sorrowful (5)

He recalled that Shi Yu had just given his defeated opponent, Lu Ran, restoration items. In an instant, many people began to have a new understanding of this genius Beast Tamer from the Blue Planet.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

This person seemed to be pretty good. He was a very good opponent.

On the other side, Lin Rui was also stunned when he heard Shi Yu’s words. Then, he was completely convinced.

“Come on!!!” He shouted. Just as Shi Yu had said, he couldn’t waste this battle. The best way to eliminate fear was to face it! He and the Light Dragon didn’t want to experience the situation again!!

At this moment, Shi Yu and Little Ji fused.

He was too excited just now and forgot to replicate the skill. Moreover, the other party still had a quasi-divine skill that he had yet to use. He could only activate the second round.

This time, he had to show some mercy.

However, the other party was so arrogant just now, so he couldn’t show too much mercy. He still had to beat the other party up!

…

Next, Lin Rui and the Light Dragon were undoubtedly beaten out by the dragonman that Shi Yu and Little Ji had fused into.

However, this time, Lin Rui lost wholeheartedly. After being beaten up and having his Skill replicated, he was actually grateful to Shi Yu for being a sparring partner and helping them undergo weakness training.

“Unbelievable…”

At this moment, as Shi Yu easily defeated Lin Rui, many geniuses of the Floating Planet fell silent. They didn’t expect this Blue Planet person to be so strong.

He actually relied on the Fusion Talent to defeat Lin Rui, who used several talents and divine-level talent to strengthen the Light Dragon.

In the next moment, to everyone’s surprise, the battle preview of [Shi Yu vs Wang Qingqing] followed closely.

Moreover, a minute later.

“Doesn’t this guy need to rest?” In the audience, Wang Qingqing, who was challenging Zi Lan to a bet, looked confused.

After the arena lord encountered a challenge, he could freely choose the next battle time in 1 to 120 minutes.

Generally speaking, they would choose according to consumption and use their free time to recover. However, Wang Qingqing didn’t expect that Shi Yu would accept her challenge again just as she finished fighting, and it was immediate.

She looked at the arena. The current World Annihilation Dragon, Little Ji, had clearly used quasi-divine skills many times in a row. Its stamina should be at its limit!

Moreover, Shi Yu and the dragon’s injuries were also extremely obvious. It wasn’t that they weren’t injured at all.

“Did they press the wrong button? After all, this is their first time here,” Wang Qingqing said.

“Probably not… He contracted so many demigods. He can just change to any one of them when he fights you. This little consumption is a drop in the ocean to him,” Zi Lan said to Wang Qingqing.

Wang Qingqing: “?”

So many demigods?

Before she could be puzzled, she was teleported to the arena. As Wang Qingqing appeared, Lu Ran, Lin Rui, and the other Floating Planet geniuses also looked at the arena solemnly.

At this moment, Wang Qingqing finally had a chance to ask Shi Yu.

She looked seriously at Shi Yu, who had untied his fusion with Little Ji, and said, “Don’t you guys need to rest? It’s only been a minute. Even if I win, I’ll feel that it was an unfair victory.”

“His surname is Wang. What’s your relationship with Senior Space Emperor?” Shi Yu asked.

Wang Qingqing said, “That’s my grandfather.”

“Another grandfather…” Shi Yu was silent. That guy should have many rare spatial skills like Zi Lan. Shi Yu smiled and said, “You don’t have to worry. Our consumption isn’t much.”

“Hm?”

Under Wang Qingqing’s confused expression, Shi Yu pulled open another summoning array. Under the stunned expressions of many geniuses, he summoned a radish less than half a meter tall. No, it was Baby Ginseng!

“Yiya.” After Baby Ginseng came out, it directly aimed its two small palms at Little Ji and Shi Yu and released green airwaves. At the same time, nomological fluctuations surrounded it.

The rich energy directly allowed Little Ji and Shi Yu, whose energy auras had decreased a little because of the two battles, to restore to their peak again!

There was no obstacle that Baby Ginseng couldn’t solve! It was just two battles, and the consumption was much smaller than adding points and fusing!

Baby Ginseng could be considered to have trained it.

“You’ve worked hard. Stay beside us and heal us,” Shi Yu said to Baby Ginseng after receiving the healing.

“Roar!!! (Thank you, towering emperor!!)” Little Ji was also very satisfied. Impressive.

It felt like it was filled with strength again!

It could still fight for 10 rounds!

At this moment, seeing that Shi Yu had returned to the peak, the Space Emperor’s granddaughter opposite was already stunned.

“A demigod-level supplement-type plant life form.”

She suddenly recalled that Shi Yu and her grandfather came from the same place. In that case, the tradition over there was that one person could have many pets!!

The Beast Tamers over there couldn’t directly contract divine pets. They had to rely on cultivating low-level pets to slowly grow. They lost to their race and won in numbers!

Then Shi Yu was the same?

However, she felt that the race level of that World Destruction Dragon wasn’t low either!!! It wasn’t inferior to the divine beast cub here at all!

“I still have many pets, but today, I only want to fight with it. The other pets just have to assist,” Shi Yu said. “Can we start?”

“Yiya!!” At this moment, many Floating Planet geniuses were stunned when they saw Baby Ginseng directly take root in a corner and watch the battle happily. No way…

This guy had many pets?!

Only Phoenix Man and Zi Lan revealed calm expressions.