Chapter 1327 - 1327 Susu Duck'S Epic Enhancement (5)

1327 Susu Duck’s Epic Enhancement (5)

“Quack!!”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

After an unknown period of time, the abyssal power released by the duck finally disappeared.

At the same time, Duckie looked up.

Shi Yu, Susu, Ling, Little Ji, and the others heaved a sigh of relief at the same time, but they didn’t completely relax.

“Quack. (I’m blind, but I’ve become stronger.)” Duck closed its eyes, stuffed its hands in its pockets, and looked up at the starry sky.

It stretched out its hand and condensed a golden cloth with the power of Demon Vanquishing to tie it to its eyes.

Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, and the other pets were shocked. Blind?

“Wu wu wu?? (Baby Ginseng, can you treat it?)”

Baby Ginseng: “Yiya! (I want to know.)”

“Stop fooling around,” Shi Yu said. “It’s fine. It’s just that the Eye of the Evil God has formed a new ability with the liberation of the abyss and the development of deterrence.”

“Quack!” Duckie gave the entire team a thumbs up and chuckled.

< Name > Eye of the Evil God

[Stats]: Dark, Water, Spirit, Space

[Level]: Quasi Divine-level faith skill

< Introduction > After opening its eyes, it can directly grab the dark negative energy drifting in the universe and strengthen its abyssal power.

The so-called negative energy came from all the negative emotional energy such as envy, framing, comparison, greed, and laziness in life forms. It was considered a different faith skill. It could directly allow Duckie’s strength to erupt by a level, but it was also extremely dangerous.

However, the strength of this Evil God’s Eye was that it would never lose its source of power. Even if all life in the universe was extinct, the negative energy couldn’t disappear.

Even if the universe was destroyed and a new cosmic era was changed, negative energy would still be everywhere in the universe.

Obviously, this was an ability similar to the Blue Sea and Star Sea Contract!

“Are you sure you can control this power well?” Shi Yu asked.

“Quack! (If I can’t control it, I’ll let Big Sister Susu destroy me.)” Duckie covered its eyes and said very confidently.

“Ning!! (I won’t go easy on you!)”

“Roar!! (Me too.)” Little Ji.

“Alright, I hope you won’t be affected by these skills and can maintain yourself at all times,” Shi Yu said.

“Quack!! (No problem, as long as you help me increase the purification skill!!)” Duckie was blind, but its heart wasn’t. It rubbed its hands and still said with desire.

“Roar!! (More?)” Little Ji was angry.

At this moment, Eleven, Buggy, Chi Tong, and the others believed in the theory that the later they added points, the stronger they would be. Hurry up, hurry up, hurry up, it’s their turn!

…

At the moment, although using the Star Sea Contract would reduce the contract speed, fortunately, the origin fluctuations could still be used alone. Under the joint efforts of Susu and Baby Ginseng, the speed at which Shi Yu added points to Duckie quickly increased.

In just a day, Duckie had become like this.

< Name > Duck

[Race Skill]

“Super Level”: Death Vortex (transcendent), Dark Sky Wave Rain (transcendent), Water Element Control (perfect)

“Quasi Divine-level”: Heart of the Abyss (expert+11), Vajra Demon Subduing Staff (Proficient), Eye of the Evil God (Initiate), Wave Vision, Heart Eye (Proficient)

Just like Little Ji, they both had four quasi-divine skills.

Among them, the Heart of the Abyss was the standard skill of the demigods of the Blue Planet’s Abyss Sea.

It was an explosive skill that corroded oneself to obtain powerful battle power.

The Eye of the Evil God was similar. It was a powerful, explosive skill.

With the two skills stacked together, Shi Yu estimated that Duckie could immediately fly into the sky. Its battle power would explode, and it would become the coolest person in the Abyss Race.

The Abyss Race probably didn’t believe that it wasn’t an Abyss Race.

The Vajra Demon Subduing Staff was a skill after the duck evolved into a Demon Subduing Duck’s racial skill, the Demon Subduing Pestle, which was strengthened to the quasi-divine skill stage.

It was a very powerful skill for purging evil forces, serving as a type of purification skill that combined offense and defense.

The current form of the duck was a huge duck with a black body and dark blue patterns. On its neck and eyes, pure water that looked like silk strips condensed from the golden-blue cleansing power of the Demon Vanquishing was tied!!

It also held a Vajra Demon Subduing Staff condensed from golden water in its hand. It was extremely holy.

It looked like the Abyss Race, but not completely.

At the moment, although the duck couldn’t open its eyes casually because the power of the abyss was too powerful, it didn’t stop it from sensing everything in the outside world with its mental strength and wave power.

Among them, the Wave Vision, Heart Eye, was the result of Duckie’s cultivation in this aspect.

This was both a reconnaissance skill and a cleansing skill.

Wave Vision, Heart Eye, was fused with Duckie’s Water Blade, Heart Strike, Heart Sword, Purification, Wave Sword, Super Sight, and a bunch of other skills. Apart from that, it also fused a critical skill.

Susu’s origin fluctuated.

Shi Yu replicated Susu’s water elemental control and origin wave and taught it to Duckie.

Unfortunately, the Duck had no compatibility with it at all. Otherwise, it would be the strongest cleansing envoy in the Abyss Race.

However, even now, with the origin wave as the core, after fusing with a pile of cleansing skills, the wave vision Heart Eye formed was an extremely strong cleansing skill.

This was a mind ocular skill that could directly let Duckie open its Heart Eye and enter the wave vision state. After entering, it could maintain absolute calmness, predict danger, and also see negative energy dark matter. It could also condense cleansing fluctuations and accurately attack their weaknesses. Its power would double, and its ability to control the power of the abyss would double.

Four quasi-divine skills, two Abyss Explosion skills, and two cleansing skills. For a moment, it was hard to say if it was an Abyss Race or a member of the Environmental Protection Association.

At this point, Shi Yu felt that it was time to go to the Environmental Protection Association to register Duckie’s identity. At the same time, he also planned to join the official Environmental Protection Association.

With Susu and Duckie’s current cleansing abilities, he believed that the Environmental Protection Association would definitely welcome him very much. What nonsense assessment? Come on!