Chapter 1323 - 1323 Susu Duck'S Epic Enhancement (1)

1323 Susu Duck’s Epic Enhancement (1)

At night, the river of stars was dazzling.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

A tide of starlight flowed into the many realms of the World King Planet and also shone on a luxurious room in a sky city.

In the room, on the sofa, a limp body was holding a ginseng-type creature while watching the battle video on the screen.

“Ha~” Shi Yu yawned. He was tired and sleepy.

At this moment, Shi Yu was weak and fragile. His face was pale, and he looked like he was about to die. However, magically, his vitality increased visibly.

“Yi…” Baby Ginseng, who was being held by Shi Yu, held a transparent crystal in its hand and sucked it.

After Shi Yu assisted Susu in evolving into a Star Sea Sprite, Baby Ginseng kept using quasi-divine skills to heal Shi Yu for a day.

It had consumed a total of three divine-level stat-free energy crystals and was about to heal Shi Yu.

The consumption was a little high, but for Shi Yu, resources should be used. It was just 200 divine-level energy crystals.

Although Blue Planet and the Space Emperor estimated that these resources were enough for Shi Yu to use for decades at the divine level…

However, as long as he could save cultivation time and quickly become stronger, Shi Yu didn’t mind using it up in a few months.

After becoming stronger, wouldn’t there be as many resources as there were? If he really took first place in the God Sealing Battle and successfully challenged the divine level, it was worth it to consume more resources.

Only by daring to spend resources could he have greater gains!

“I’m not watching anymore. It’s boring.” Shi Yu switched off the television with a bored expression.

Seeing a pile of rare skills but having nowhere to replicate them was like looking at something that couldn’t be done.

Yes, it was like watching a food video on an empty stomach but not being able to eat.

It couldn’t quench his thirst at all.

As Shi Yu was being nursed, he paid attention to the Beast Taming Space.

After arriving on the World King Planet, the pets began to work hard again. Because they couldn’t cause a big commotion in the Beast Taming Space, the special training methods were strange (studying how to target teammates). No one wanted their battle power to be at the bottom.

It turned out that it was alright. It was just that they were fighting in the team, but this time, they were going to turn the cosmic God Sealing Battle into an internal team competition. If it was embarrassing, it would be thrown into the universe.

If this was ranked at the bottom, it could be said to be a lifetime humiliation.

To be honest, although Shi Yu felt that it was a little strange for Eleven and the others to think hard about how to deal with their teammates, he considered that there were many types of pets on his team. If he understood the weaknesses of his teammates, he might be able to use inferences against other enemies.

For example, if he thought of how to counter Baby Ginseng’s time mark, he would indirectly gain the experience to resist the time mark of the Time Crow Zavay.

“I feel that it’s enough.” After a long time, after Shi Yu had almost recovered, he looked for Susu and planned to continue fusing skills.

“Yi!” Baby Ginseng wiped its sweat and looked at Shi Yu, who was still unsatisfied. It was on the brink of tears. It looked like it would have to work overtime again.

However, when it thought about how the team’s energy crystals had been used by it, it was equivalent to covering the entire team’s high-level resources to farm skill proficiency, Baby Ginseng accepted it.

It was an additional channel to increase the proficiency of the skill compared to Eleven and the others. It wasn’t a loss!

“Ning!” A moment later, with Susu as the lead, a group of pets ran out.

He couldn’t miss adding points and fusing skills. As the saying went, knowing oneself and the enemy was the way to win a hundred battles. If he didn’t even know what skills his teammates had fused, he would lose at the starting line.

Of course, when a pet came to fuse the skills, the other pets still obediently assisted and wouldn’t fuss about this kind of thing.

“Next, let’s try the development and fusion of the Sea Cleansing Spirit and the Origin Wave.”

Shi Yu said nervously, “In theory, there’s a success rate.”

The other pets fell into deep thought. The Sea Cleansing Spirit and the Origin Wave were both super top-notch skills. What else could they fuse?

“Ning! (Who cares? The bold will die from overeating, and the timid will starve to death. Just bet!)” Stars flickered in Susu’s eyes. It had already completely taken on the shape of a gambler, commonly known as an addiction.

“Then let’s do it.” Shi Yu also grinned.

Although the Star Sea Contract was powerful, if it wanted to be more powerful, it still had to cooperate with top-notch cleansing skills.

It was a little wasteful to only use it with the normal water-element cleansing power in the control of the water element.

Even with the signature skill of the Blue Sea Sprite, the Sea Cleansing Spirit, it was only powerful in cleansing. It had some shortcomings in other aspects.

Therefore, Shi Yu tried to see if he could fuse the Sea Cleansing Spirit with Susu’s attack skill, Origin Wave.

Of course, it was still extremely high risk, but it didn’t matter.

This risk referred to whether Shi Yu could withstand the consumption of the fusion alone. It was naturally dangerous for him alone, but with the support of a bunch of pets, the truth had already proven that the success rate was definitely above 50%. It was just that the process would be a little more tragic. It was completely acceptable.

“Ning…!!!” Next, in Buggy’s domain, Chi Tong possessed them, and Ling increased its strength. The pets displayed their abilities. Shi Yu and Susu were crying for food and in so much pain that they wanted to die. They were very much like a bunch of doctors and nurses delivering a patient.

“Wu wu wu!! (All the best!! All the best!! Hold on, work harder, the fusion is about to succeed!!)” Eleven encouraged their morale and increased Shi Yu and Susu’s resistance.

Just like before, after experiencing many difficulties, Shi Yu and Susu, who were covered in sweat, gradually calmed down.

“Ning…” Susu’s weak face collapsed.

“Let me learn the skill…” Shi Yu was in a twilight state, but he didn’t forget to look at the skill.