Chapter 1322 - 1322 Strange Star Sea Sprite Appears (3)

1322 Strange Star Sea Sprite Appears (3)

The cleansing of the Star Spirit Race had left too many legends in the Environmental Protection Association. At the moment, the strongest expert of the Environmental Protection Association was still the cleansing star spirit.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Now, after so long, a new cleansing star spirit had been detected. The Environmental Protection Association couldn’t let it go.

Sky City.

Shi Yu’s skill fusion with Susu was already coming to an end.

At this moment, Susu had already completely turned into a Starry Sky Slime. Its round body was like a vast starry sky, flickering with beautiful starlight. It was very beautiful.

As for Shi Yu, who was holding it, he was only skin and bones. Even his white hair had fallen off, leaving only three hairs.

Behind it, Baby Ginseng was also covered in sweat. Finally, after a long, difficult moment, they heaved a sigh of relief together.

Shi Yu’s withered face lit up.

“F*ck…”

After cursing, Shi Yu couldn’t help but be overjoyed.

[Fusion successful]

[Skill Name]: Star Sea Contract

[Stats]: Water, Space, Spirit

[Level]: Quasi Divine-level faith skill

< Introduction > Contract with the Star Sea. Its responsibility is to protect the starry sky environment. It can infinitely mobilize the energy of the starry sky and increase its own cleansing skills. When it loses faith, the contract will automatically be broken.

Star Sea Contract!

It really… really came!!

The Blue Sea Contract’s advancement version is the Star Sea Contract!!

Infinite energy!

With this skill, even after leaving Blue Planet, Susu could still have unlimited energy.

Moreover, Shi Yu could sense that Susu in front of him had indeed become a cosmic life form!!

This was very important. It concerned whether life forms could leave the life planet and survive and fight freely in the starry sky of the universe.

If it weren’t a cosmic life form, if it went to the starry sky, its body would be corroded by the mysterious substance contained in the universe. Its state would increase its consumption and it would become more and more weak. It would be like a fish out of water and couldn’t survive for a long time.

However, if it was a cosmic life form, there was no problem. It could perfectly adapt to the cosmic environment. At the moment, there were already a few cosmic life forms in Shi Yu’s team, but there were also a few, such as Eleven and Baby Ginseng, who weren’t cosmic life forms yet.

The fact that Susu could become a cosmic life form also made Shi Yu closer and closer to the title of cosmic Beast Tamer.

“Ning!! Ning!!” At this moment, Shi Yu and Susu were quite happy. However, Susu looked at Shi Yu and hurriedly urged Baby Ginseng to treat Shi Yu.

“Yiya!! (It’s replenishing, it’s replenishing.)” Baby Ginseng wiped the bean-sized sweat and kept connecting to Shi Yu’s life force like it was imparting strength, losing its life force to Shi Yu.

“From today onwards, Susu, your race will be called the Star Sea Sprite!!” Shi Yu chuckled.

“No, wait, this skill seems to have a greater restriction than the Blue Sea Contract…”

“Although it can infinitely mobilize the energy of the starry sky, it can no longer be used by any skill. It can only increase one’s cleansing skill??”

“Ning!!” Susu expressed that it was already very good.

“Moreover, when you lose faith, the contract will automatically be broken… In that case, we have to participate in the war of a few universe-level big shots in the future…”

“No, no, it’s still too much of a loss to only increase your own cleansing skill. Although your Sea Cleansing Spirit is powerful, its power isn’t very high. Let’s see if we can fuse the Sea Cleansing Spirit too and become an even more powerful divine skill!”

“Ning! (Alright.)” Susu’s starry sky jelly-like body was poked by Shi Yu. It was very happy. Melt, it could even melt!!

“Yiya!!” As Shi Yu and Susu were secretly discussing, Baby Ginseng was angry at the side. It hadn’t healed it yet. Could it wait until it was healed before thinking of the next step?!