Chapter 1328 - 1328 Examination (1)

1328 Examination (1)

“The Environmental Association that’s conveniently on the way to the Disaster Research Institute… this one!”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The next day, before Shi Yu prepared to set off, he locked onto a coordinate.

First-level world, Blue Wave World, main city, Blue Wave City.

Only in first-level realms would there be branches of the Environmental Protection Association.

As for this Blue Wave City, not only was there a branch of the Environmental Protection Association, but the disaster research institute introduced by the Space Emperor was also here, so Shi Yu definitely had to go there.

Shi Yu, who was seriously looking at the map, realized that the first-level realm closest to the Floating Realm was actually still the realm occupied by the five god races on Blue Planet.

Among the five god races on Blue Planet, the dragon, phoenix, and Kirin races occupied a first-level realm, and the angels and demons occupied a first-level realm.

Unfortunately, it wasn’t on the way to the disaster research institute. In order to not waste time, he didn’t do it.

After all, teleportation money was very expensive.

The size of the World King Planet was impossible to estimate.

If he wanted to go far, using the inter-world teleportation array was the only choice.

However, the price of using the inter-world teleportation array wasn’t cheap.

Even if it was a divine level, it would take a long time to go on a long trip.

If it was at the demigod level, it would be bankrupt.

Therefore, every year, as long as it was the God Sealing Battle and when it was time to go to a first-level domain to register and participate, the organizers could rely on the ticket money to earn a lot.

After all, the organizer and the faction that established the teleportation arrays of the various realms were both the officials of World King Planet.

Such things with huge benefits were all monopolized. Even if the Space Emperor himself knew how to build teleportation arrays, he couldn’t build them randomly. He could only build them within the range of his realm.

If there were any facilities in Sky City that didn’t belong to the Space Emperor, then the Realm Teleportation Array was one of them.

Fortunately, the God Sealing Battle didn’t need any registration fee. Otherwise, the number of participants could be halved. Even now, not every demigod had the energy to participate continuously. After all, it was alright if they were rich, but if they were still weak and poor, if they were beaten up a little more miserably one time, they would have to recuperate for a few years before they could fight again.

[Senior Space Emperor, I’m going to set off. My goal is Blue Wave City. When I reach there, I’ll tell you that I’m safe. Don’t miss me. – Shi Yu.]

After Shi Yu left a message for the Space Emperor, he set off directly.

As for the Space Emperor, he shook his head slightly after discovering the message left behind by Shi Yu.

“This is his first time going out to train. There shouldn’t be any accidents, right?”

“Fortunately, there are more old friends in the Blue Wave World. I should be able to help take care of him.”

…

Half a month after arriving at the World King Planet, Shi Yu finally left Sky City and headed to other unfamiliar places to train in a larger district.

Shi Yu took the identity card that the Space Emperor had given him and easily completed the teleportation process.

There was nothing special about the so-called identity card. It recorded the name and the realm it belonged to, not even caring about gender, age, and level.

Name: Shi Yu, Affiliation: Floating Realm.

The latter was the most important thing. After Shi Yu arrived at the Environmental Protection Department, he also had to use this to prove that he wasn’t someone of unknown origin before he could give Duckie an identity certificate.

With this, it was basically equivalent to a realm lord vouching for the user of the identity card. He was a citizen of their realm.

If Shi Yu himself didn’t belong to any domain, then if he brought Duckie to the Environmental Protection Department, he would probably be suppressed as an unregistered person before he even accepted the assessment.

In short, travel between realms was as troublesome as going abroad on Earth. In fact, every realm could indeed be seen as a country.

The local customs in every place were different. Even the Internet wasn’t enough to connect all places together. Some realms didn’t welcome mechanical life at all, and some realms even set up exclusive local area networks. Shi Yu’s trip this time was equivalent to a trip abroad.

However, he had already completed the transplanetary trip. Traveling abroad wasn’t a big deal.

After paying another teleportation fee worth several level-nine resources, Shi Yu felt the pinch.

F*ck.

Ordinary Beast Tamers would probably never be able to leave the Floating Realm in their lifetime!

However, there was no need for ordinary Beast Tamers to go out. The Floating Realm of the Space Emperor, as the world overlord, was larger than more than ten Dong Huangs. Just this side was enough.

“Wu wu wu.” In the luxurious Teleportation Tower, Eleven climbed onto Shi Yu’s shoulder and pointed at the sky.

Look~ Gray Machine~

“Yes.” Shi Yu also looked up at the sky through the transparent glass. A huge, totem-level passenger plane had just flown over. He didn’t know where it was heading.

Sitting on a mechanical life form was also an important transportation tool to sail in the universe on the World King Planet. The price was much cheaper than a spatial teleportation array, but the time needed would definitely be longer.

Sky City also had divine-level transportation that crossed domains, but Shi Yu found it too time-consuming and couldn’t be bothered to take it. How could such transportation be as convenient as a spatial teleportation array? He could reach his destination in the blink of an eye.

“Let’s go. It’s about time.” Shi Yu glanced at the time.

“Wu wu wu.” Eleven pointed ahead with one arm. Charge!!!

Although he had been in the limelight in the Sky City Arena a few days ago, Shi Yu still seemed to be a small transparent figure in Sky City. No one knew him at all.

Throughout the entire process, Shi Yu entered the teleportation room to the Blue Wave Domain under the guidance of the navigator. Fortunately, although the Blue Wave Domain was relatively far, it wasn’t too far. He could reach it with just one teleportation.

If he wanted to go to other further realms, he would probably have to empty three to four stations. The teleportation fee would be super doubled!