Chapter 1325 - 1325 Susu Duck'S Epic Enhancement (3)

1325 Susu Duck’s Epic Enhancement (3)

“In that case, doesn’t that mean that Susu will be affected in the future when enemies like the Abyss, the Yun Race, and so on use the power of the Star Sea Contract?” Shi Yu said.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Ling said, “There’s a high chance that’s the case, but there shouldn’t be a need to worry too much. As long as Susu works hard to protect the cosmic environment in the future, its authority to mobilize the power of the sea of stars should gradually increase.”

“Now that it has just signed a contract with Star Sea, it’s definitely only equivalent to a newbie. It seems normal to have some restrictions.”

“Ning!!” Susu nodded and agreed with Ling. As long as it worked hard to protect the Guardian cosmic environment, the power of the Star Sea Contract’s feedback would definitely increase.

“Wu…”

“This is also good…” Shi Yu said, “It’s alright. Since I’ve obtained strength, it’s only right to fulfill my obligations.”

“I wonder if adding some points to the Star Sea Contract to increase the level of the contract can slow down this backlash.”

“Susu, unless necessary, don’t use the Star Sea Contract first. The effect of the Star Sea Contract on the origin fluctuations is indeed a little ridiculous.”

“But I think even if you don’t use the Star Sea Contract to strengthen it, the effect shouldn’t be bad if you use the origin fluctuations alone.”

“A single source wave, together with Baby Ginseng to eliminate and nourish my weak state, should be able to increase the efficiency of adding points.”

“Ning Ning!!” Susu’s eyes lit up, indicating that there was no problem.

“Yiya!!” Baby Ginseng was stunned. It looked like it had been laid off, but not completely.

Eleven, Buggy, Chi Tong, and the others also looked at each other.

First, he was happy that Susu had become stronger, and that the next points could be more efficient and happy. Then, he fell into deep thought.

Even Eleven and Buggy began to feel afraid. Susu’s combination skill was too ridiculous!!

They really didn’t want to face the origin fluctuations…

They didn’t want to face it even more than Baby Ginseng’s self-destruction revival.

Chi Tong looked at its good sister eagerly. Why did it feel that even with its rich accompanying moves, there was still a huge risk of being beaten up by Susu?

Hopefully… Buggy’s theory was right.

The later it was strengthened, the stronger it was!

…

After Shi Yu added points, the current Susu was like Little Ji, reborn.

[Susu]

[Race Skill]

“Super Level”: Water/Quasi Elemental Control (transcendent), Inheritance Water Droplet (transcendent), Heavenly Frost Cold Energy (transcendent)

“Quasi Divine-level”: Faith skill, Star Sea Contract (Proficient), Origin Wave (Proficient)

[Taught Skill]

[Super]: Infinite Devour (transcendent)

Among them, two quasi-divine skills were fused again by the original quasi-divine skill, the Sea Cleansing Spirit, and the top-notch super skill, Origin Wave, that had been fused many times.

The inheritance water drop was developed by Susu through the combination of the memory water drop and the World Tree Fruit. The Reincarnation Fruit was developed by itself and repaired the shortcomings of some memory water drops. For example, if it inputted memories, it would also lose its memory.

The effect of this inheritance water drop was undoubtedly stronger. If it was developed into a divine skill and could become the carrier of laws, Shi Yu could earn money through this and the World Tree Fruit as a divine skill teacher.

As for the Heavenly Frost Cold Energy, it was originally taught as a skill. It was also optimized into Race Skills with the support of the World Tree Fruit after Susu reached the totem level and had the ability to optimize its race.

Unfortunately, Susu had yet to successfully optimize the most cost-effective skill, Infinite Devour. Shi Yu judged that this Infinite Devour should be an inheritance skill left behind by the Space Worm Race on the Blue Planet.

It was because of this abnormal skill that the Space Worm Race could dominate the starry sky.

From the looks of it, the Tyrannical Sea Legend was the Son of Heaven’s Will. When the mythical stage revived and Blue Planet had sufficient resources, he might be the strongest batch of legendary and even Mythical Beast Tamers in Dong Huang.

“Next, it’s time to strengthen Duckie,” Shi Yu said. “I can also let Duckie try to see if it can completely control the Eye of the Evil God.”

After strengthening Susu, Shi Yu now felt that it was no problem to strengthen Duckie to its heart’s content. Even if he fused the super divine level resource, the Eye of the Evil God, with Duckie, it definitely couldn’t go berserk under the pressure of Big Sister Susu.

“Quack!!!” Upon hearing that, Duckie cried. This day had finally come.

30 years changed many things. It had been dodging the sharpness of the opportunity these days and living quietly. Whether it could rise against the tide and step on the ground next depended on this time.

In Little Zi’s body, the world of stars.

Shi Yu and the others carefully took out the Superdivine resource, the Eye of the Evil God, obtained from killing the Blue Planet’s Abyss Sea.

The abyss demigod with the Eye of the Evil God would be stronger. Moreover, he could control all pollution sources and expand his faction faster.

Apart from that, the Eye of the Evil God had many magical uses. For example, transforming normal creatures into the Abyss Race, or devouring other lives to transform life force into a pollution source. The pollution source was also the core power of the Abyss Race.

Generations of abyss demigods had mastered the Eye of the Evil God. No, or rather, the Eye of the Evil God had created generations of abyss demigods.

Even the Blue Sea Sprite at its peak couldn’t cleanse this tool, but this time, Susu, who had evolved into a Star Sea Sprite, suppressed the Eye of the Evil God with a Star Sea Contract origin wave.

“Not bad.”