Chapter 1329 - 1329 Examination (2)

1329 Examination (2)

…

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The Blue Wave Domain was known as the Plant Sea Kingdom.

The most eye-catching characteristic was its vast grassland. The endless green grassland was as dazzling as a wave under the wind.

The entire realm was wrapped in various novel spiritual plants and divine plants. It was famous for producing various plant resources in the surroundings. The surrounding realms maintained a good trade relationship with the Blue Wave Realm.

This was because the Lord of the Blue Wave World was a plant life form at the super divine level. In this world, plant-type creatures were the mainstream. Countless plant-type divines had lived here for a long time. The human races left in this world had also been on good terms with these plant-type divines for generations. Both parties maintained a long contract and cooperated with each other.

This was a realm filled with the aura of nature and close to nature, but modern facilities didn’t fall behind. When Shi Yu Teleported over, he discovered that the technological level here seemed to be about to exceed Sky City…

The foundation of a first-level realm was still strong.

Moreover, there weren’t many people in the Teleportation Tower in Sky City, and there were very few staff.

However, Shi Yu realized that there was a sea of people in the Teleportation Tower here. Under the guidance of the staff, after leaving the teleportation room, Shi Yu saw an endless stream of experts coming to the Blue Wave World through the teleportation array from other realms.

He was squeezed into the sea of people and almost lost his way for a moment.

“Damn, why is it even more lively than the metro in the city? Are all of you so rich?” Shi Yu accompanied the crowd. He left the Teleportation Tower and entered Blue Wave City.

Then, standing outside the Teleportation Tower, he looked at this big city that was perfectly combined with nature. After thinking for a moment, he decided to rely on Senior Space Emperor’s old friend, the director of the cosmic disaster research institute in Blue Wave City, Dr. Moen.

No… It was better to take the assessment first.

There was an Environmental Protection Department here. There should be a bunch of Environmental Protection Hunters. It wouldn’t be good if he was caught in advance.

“Ling.” Shi Yu called Ling and said, “Let’s see if we can connect to the Internet here. Help me book a place to stay. I want a better environment. Money isn’t a problem.”

Shi Yu also realized that the natural energy of the Blue Wave Realm was much more abundant than the Floating Realm. Baby Ginseng should like this place very much.

“Then, confirm the location of the Environmental Protection Department. We’ll go over now.”

“Roger,” Ling’s clone, which had turned into a mechanical bracelet and was hanging on Shi Yu’s wrist, immediately replied.

“Wu wu wu.” At this moment, after arriving at the destination, Eleven crawled out of Shi Yu’s pocket that was connected to the Beast Taming Space and climbed onto Shi Yu’s shoulder to look around.

“Don’t you feel very strange? The natural atmosphere is clearly rich, but the tempo is very fast.” Shi Yu stood by the street and looked at the endless stream of people as he said to Eleven.

“Sob.” Eleven nodded. At this moment, Ling spoke and said, “Master, it’s been reserved. The location of the Environmental Protection Department has been confirmed. I’ll activate the navigation for you. We can use the public teleportation array in the city to go over.”

“In addition, I discovered that the Environmental Protection Department here seems to have opened an online appointment channel.”

“I’ll also make an appointment for you.”

“Alright, let’s go.” Shi Yu, who was wearing a panda suit, had a panda on his shoulder. He hummed a tune and began to head to the Environmental Protection Department.

…

Environmental Protection Association, Blue Wave Branch.

It was located in the north of Blue Wave City and occupied a huge building complex alone.

Soon, Shi Yu arrived. He realized that there were green sprouts and blue water droplets hanging everywhere. It looked like this was the right place.

Before entering the building complex of the Environmental Protection Department, Shi Yu sensed a magnificent cleansing aura coming at him. In the building complex, various spiritual plants that cleansed the air instantly made Shi Yu and Eleven, who was on his shoulder, almost intoxicated.

“Wood element pets are also experts in cleansing. Baby, now that you have the control of wood, apart from cooking, you can also study other usage methods, such as cleansing and using poison,” Shi Yu said.

In the research institute of the Beast Taming Space, Baby Ginseng snorted. Hehe, needless to say, it had long prepared to add different toxins to every self-destruction.

At that time, with a few strong toxins mixed together, even if it couldn’t blow up the opponent, it could still poison him to death!

“Wu wu wu.” Eleven despised it. Poison was meaningless. Wasn’t it better to fight head-on!!

“Let’s go in.” There were also many people here. In the Environmental Protection Association building complex, people came and went. There was basically no existence weaker than Level 7, which was the legendary level.

From time to time, he would encounter two guys he couldn’t see through. Shi Yu could also confirm that they were divine-level big shots.

After entering the Environmental Protection Association building complex, he didn’t encounter any obstacles. There were several buildings here that were handling business. Shi Yu casually entered a tall building, and immediately, a tall receptionist welcomed him.

“Hello, is there anything you need to do?”

“I have an appointment to give the abyss pet an identity certificate,” Shi Yu said directly.

In the Environmental Protection Association, there were many businesses that could be handled. To a certain extent, this place also bore some of the functions of the hospital. They could spend money to find a cleanser to help cleanse various negative toxins and relieve mental pressure. Apart from that, if they wanted to join the Environmental Protection Association and buy cleansing equipment, they could do it here.

“Alright, please tell me your appointment number.” The receptionist was surprised. She glanced at Eleven on Shi Yu’s shoulder and found a tablet on a pillar table to pick it up before continuing to communicate with Shi Yu.