Chapter 1321 - 1321 Strange Star Sea Sprite Appears (2)

1321 Strange Star Sea Sprite Appears (2)

As for Susu itself, with its quasi-divine-level cleansing skill, it shouldn’t be that difficult to withstand the affliction.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

It wasn’t like he had never tried a fusion with an extremely low success rate. The only thing he should care about now was the effect of the fused skill.

“Leave it to me!” This depended on Ling’s luck and how much it could give Susu.

Eleven, Buggy, Chi Tong, and the other pets also came out to cheer as Shi Yu finally wanted to help Susu evolve into a Star Sea Sprite.

Optimizing skills was actually also a form of evolution. However, its form might not necessarily change.

As for what would become, it still depended on fate. Even Ling found it difficult to analyze and calculate the most complicated thing, evolution.

“Ning.” Finally, Susu jumped onto Shi Yu’s hand and applied a water ring-shaped Sea Cleansing Spirit to Shi Yu’s head.

Then, it also entered the state of the Sea Cleansing Spirit.

“Charge.” After Shi Yu shouted resolutely, he began to add points.

After all, the last time, the extremely low success rate was to help Chi Tong evolve and awaken a quasi-divine skill. At that time, he had just finished eating the Eternal Flower and obtained ten thousand years of lifespan.

In an experiment, even with the support of various parties, it directly consumed 90% of its life force and almost died.

This time, Shi Yu’s physique increased by two levels in a row compared to back then. However, the success rate was still extremely low. Fortunately, the support abilities of his pets had also been strengthened, so Shi Yu felt that he should be able to give it a try.

Buzz!!

Shi Yu and Susu entered the skill fusion state together. In an instant, various powers flowed out of Shi Yu’s body, and Susu’s will began to undergo a crazy impact.

However, they were too familiar with this state. Compared to caring about this, Shi Yu and Susu were more concerned about the changes in Susu when the skills fused!!

“Ning!!!” With a painful cry, the light blue Water Slime Susu’s entire body was covered in light of various colors, such as blue, white, purple, black, and yellow. Light spots flickered on its body.

Its body kept reflecting various beautiful colors, as deep and charming as the starry sky.

This made Eleven and the others nervous and curious. Now, Susu seemed to want to evolve from the Water Slime to the Starry Sky Slime!

At this moment, Shi Yu and the others didn’t notice that there was an abnormality in the Cosmic Sea because of their skill fusion.

World King Planet’s main city, World King City.

On the World King Planet, according to the environmental difference, districts could roughly be divided into three levels. Third-level realms, second-level realms, and first-level realms. Among them, the environment of the third-level realms was the worst, and the environment of the first-level realms was the best.

Among them, the realm where Sky City was located was the second-level realm, and World King City was the largest realm among the 196 first-level realms on World King Planet.

The Environmental Protection Association that Shi Yu wanted to go to had branches in various first-level realms, and its headquarters were in this World King City.

The Environmental Protection Association was one of the official institutions of the World King Planet. It mainly protected the environment of the World King Planet and the Cosmic Sea. At the same time, it was also the main force of the World King faction against the Dark King faction.

In this department, the core members were all divine-level life forms who had mastered the power of divine-level cleansing. There were even super divine life forms who were familiar with the power of cleansing presiding.

In the Environmental Protection Association, there was also a special department at all times to supervise the changes in the universe, for one thing.

This hadn’t happened for a long time, but the Environmental Protection Association was still paying attention day after day.

Until today.

The Cosmic Sea was abnormal. The Environmental Protection Association and the World King Star Elephant Research Institute received a mysterious set of data.

After difficult deciphering, some researchers came to a conclusion.

“A new cleansing star spirit has been born, and it’s around World King Planet!” said the white-haired old man excitedly.

“It’s not easy. This is the first time in nearly 100,000 years, right?”

“That’s right, we’re really lucky! We have to find a way to find it!”

“Cultivate it hard. As long as it can grow to the peak of the divine level, it’s enough to be called a super divine battle power for the Dark King Army.”

Everyone in the Environmental Protection Department was shocked by this matter, and even the super divine life forms presiding over it were alarmed.

A super divine life form personally gave the order to find the new cleansing star spirit.

The so-called cleansing star spirit was a type of Starry Sky Sprite born from the faith of the planet.

After the Dark King grew into a cosmic emperor, formed the Dark King Army, and began to expand in the universe, many planets became abysses and lands of fall, completely corroded.

In such a context, a race called cleansing star spirits was born. They mastered powerful cleansing powers, could communicate with the power of the starry sky to the greatest extent, and could heavily injure the dark matter life forms that polluted the stars.

The first president of the Environmental Protection Association was to cleanse the Star Spirit Race. He was even ranked 77th among the races in the starry sky and squeezed into the top 100. He was very powerful.

Unfortunately, although there were many members of this race, there weren’t many. Most importantly, apart from being born naturally, there was no way to reproduce.

Moreover, their stats and forms were too random, and they weren’t that easy to find.

It could be said that cleansing star spirits were fresh blood that the Environmental Protection Association loved to nurture and rope in. They were known as having the strongest cleansing abilities.

As long as he nurtured this race with all his might, even if he couldn’t advance to the super divine level, as long as he was at the peak of the divine level, he could be seen as a super divine life form when dealing with the Dark King Army.