Chapter 1324 - 1324 Susu Duck'S Epic Enhancement (2)

1324 Susu Duck’s Epic Enhancement (2)

With a look, Shi Yu’s eyes widened.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

[Fusion successful]

< Name > Origin Wave

[Stats]: Water

[Level]: Quasi-divine level

< Introduction > It contains the zero law.

Effect: It can cleanse and eliminate impurities that the user thinks are unnecessary or harmful.

When developed to the extreme, it could completely eliminate the traces of a life form’s existence, including the traces of its existence in the memories of other life forms!

Shi Yu and Susu were originally immersed in their weaknesses, but after sensing the new skill, they widened their eyes almost at the same time.

“What the hell?” Shi Yu couldn’t help but say.

“Ning, Ning!” Susu was also stunned.

“What, what?” At this moment, seeing Shi Yu and Susu’s expressions, Ling couldn’t help but ask.

“Another top-notch law!!” Shi Yu said in shock, almost dying.

He immediately shared the information about the origin fluctuations with the pets present.

In the next moment, not only Shi Yu, but the entire team was stunned.

Zero law!

It can cleanse and eliminate impurities that the user thinks are unnecessary or harmful.

This concept was a little ridiculous.

Susu thought that Eleven’s metal nature was a harmful impurity, but it could be cleansed!

Susu thought that Baby Ginseng’s time mark was a harmful impurity, but it could be cleansed!

Susu believed that the traces of the existence of a certain enemy were the impurities of this world and could also be eliminated!

Moreover, when developed to the extreme, it was still ridiculous. It was a powerful skill that could affect unrelated people!

After erasing the traces of a life form’s existence, it could make those related to it directly forget its existence!

Shi Yu hurriedly compared the difficulty of adding points to the origin wave and realized that, without a doubt, it was another top-notch law divine skill.

“Hahahahahahaha!!!” After being stunned for a moment, Shi Yu couldn’t help but laugh.

This was already strong enough. If it was combined with the Star Sea Contract which could strengthen the power of cleansing, wouldn’t it be invincible?

“Ning, Ning, Ning, Ning, Ning!!” Susu also slapped the table excitedly like jelly and was overjoyed. It gradually realized that the starry sky of the universe would be the stage for the Demon King Susu!

What cosmic emperor, the Dark King? Die!

But in the next second, extreme joy turned into sorrow.

Under the stunned expressions of many pets, Shi Yu directly fainted. Baby Ginseng was so scared that it immediately increased its strength and even entered the Time Fruit state!!

“Susu, hurry up and use the origin wave,” Ling said. “In theory, if you treat Master’s negative state as an impurity, you can also cleanse it!”

“Ning!!” After being stunned, Susu expressed its understanding.

It directly activated the Star Sea Contract and origin wave at the same time and aimed at Shi Yu. In the next moment, blue ripples appeared on Shi Yu’s body. With a hum, Shi Yu only used a few seconds to recover to his peak state under the blue wave and slowly opened his eyes.

It was lively and full of vitality.

It was even more spirited than before, adding some points to Susu.

Shi Yu suddenly got up and said, “What happened?”

This scene stunned Shi Yu’s Baby Ginseng on the spot.

“Yi!!! (Impossible!!!)” The towering emperor was shocked.

Every pet was shocked.

Through the origin fluctuations, Susu directly reduced Shi Yu’s consumption to its previous state before adding points.

How was this a cleansing skill? It had clearly cultivated Time Reversal into a divine skill!

It was complete in an instant. The nourishing effect was much stronger than that of Baby Ginseng.

As for Susu, who had the energy of the Infinite Star Sea to strengthen the origin fluctuations, it consumed almost zero!!

This made Baby Ginseng look at Susu like it had been struck by lightning.

Susu also looked at Baby Ginseng in a daze.

Although Susu didn’t say anything, Baby Ginseng kept feeling that it had been mocked.

“This…” After Shi Yu reacted, he sensed his body’s state in disbelief.

“Wu wu wu!!” Eleven and the other pets shouted.

“Yiya!!” Baby Ginseng even felt that… it was going to be fired.

“I see, considering fatigue, aging, weakness, and other negative states as impurities purification is indeed more powerful than the previous Sea Cleansing Spirit. Previously, it only purified negative emotions, indirectly boosting resistance to resist them, but now, it’s eradication.”

“Wait a minute.” Shi Yu stretched out his hands and muttered to himself, “This way, with the energy of the Infinite Star Sea, won’t we be able to cheat and let the entire team graduate overnight…”

After hearing Shi Yu’s words, before the entire team could be pleasantly surprised, Susu started to exhort solemnly!!

“Ning… (I don’t think… you can.)”

“Oh?” Shi Yu and the others looked at Susu.

Ling said, “It’s because of the intention to use it, right?”

“The Star Sea Contract’s responsibility is to protect the cosmic environment. Only then can it infinitely mobilize the energy of the starry sky and increase its own cleansing skill.”

“Just now, Susu used the Star Sea Contract to strengthen the origin fluctuations to help Master cleanse and eliminate all negative states. There’s a high chance that it’s outside the ‘contract’.”

“Ning!” Susu nodded. Just as it finished cleansing, it sensed that its compatibility with the Star Sea contract had decreased a little.

Although it didn’t affect it now, if it went on for a long time, there would definitely be a problem.

As the saying went, when one lost their faith, the contract would automatically be broken. Although the Star Sea Contract was stronger, the restrictions seemed to be greater.

“So scammy,” Shi Yu couldn’t help but say.

Ling said, “Looks like the restraints of the starry sky faith on the user are greater than the restraints of the Blue Planet’s ocean faith on the user.”