Chapter 1320 - 1320 Strange Star Sea Sprite Appears (1)

1320 Strange Star Sea Sprite Appears (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The Space Emperor didn’t have any to escape the super divine Teleportation Talisman.

Even if he did, he might not necessarily be willing to give it to Shi Yu.

After all, this kind of thing was quite a rare treasure, even for divine and super-divine levels, let alone demigods.

Therefore, three days later, Shi Yu only obtained six divine-level spatial stones from the Space Emperor.

Three of them were used for defense and could resist divine-level attacks.

The remaining three were used for teleportation. They could escape the divine-level pursuit. They were all equipment carefully created by the Space Emperor’s pet.

…

After obtaining life-saving equipment from the Space Emperor and the keepsake needed to go to the Environmental Protection Association and the disaster research institute, Shi Yu obediently returned to his residence.

After obtaining the item, he wasn’t in a hurry to leave. He didn’t think he was completely prepared.

Therefore, he continued to add points. First, he added points to Baby Ginseng according to the plan.

About two days later.

Baby Ginseng had become like this.

[Baby Ginseng]

[Race Skill]

“Super Level”: Time Mark (transcendent), World Tree Fruit (transcendent), Soul Fruit (transcendent), Reincarnation Fruit (transcendent)

“Quasi God-level”: World Grace (expert+11), Sun and Moon Splendor (proficient), Wood Control (proficient), Life Divine Body (proficient)

Compared to the previous Baby Ginseng, its Time Fruit had advanced to the Reincarnation Fruit with the potential to advance to a divine skill under its optimization.

< Name > Reincarnation Fruit

< Attributes >: Wood, Time

< Introduction > Creatures that can create the Reincarnation Fruit and eat the Reincarnation Fruit can obtain one of the following abilities by consuming the power of time reincarnation.

1. Time Fruit Effect.

2. Awakening the ability of the previous life.

3. Obtain the Reincarnation Mark and obtain a reincarnation opportunity.

Baby Ginseng didn’t spend much effort to optimize the Time Fruit to the Reincarnation Fruit. After all, the research work of the Reincarnation Fruit had long started on the Blue Planet with Shi Yu and the others.

Now, it was completely perfect.

Without a doubt, this was a very powerful skill.

There was no need to talk about the effect of the Time Fruit. The awakening of the abilities of its previous life had already been very well verified on the gem cat, Duckie, and the others.

However, this awakening also had restrictions. It had to reference the strength of the Baby Ginseng and the eater. Previously, with the current Baby Ginseng, it was still alright to help the reincarnation of a totem in his previous life recover its strength.

However, if Baby Ginseng helped the super divine and cosmic-level reincarnations of his previous life recover the abilities of their previous lives, it would be a daydream. It would probably have to upgrade the Reincarnation Fruit to a real divine skill and raise it to a perfect level to do it.

As for the ability to obtain a reincarnation opportunity, it could only allow the reincarnated to level up again from the awakening-level cub and lose all abilities and memories. It could be used together with the ability to awaken the abilities of their previous life. This also greatly guaranteed that Shi Yu and the others wouldn’t be restricted by their lifespans.

At first glance, the Reincarnation Fruit had a support ability, but in fact, as long as it still had the nature of the previous Time Fruit, it was still a powerful explosive skill.

Shi Yu estimated that after upgrading the Reincarnation Fruit to a quasi-divine skill, it wouldn’t be a problem for Baby Ginseng to erupt with the battle power of a junior god for a period of time. Then, with skills like Sun and Moon Glory, it wouldn’t be a dream to kill a junior god.

Second.

After Baby Ginseng’s super skill Plant Control was added to the maximum level, it was optimized by Baby Ginseng’s race into a quasi-divine skill [Wood Control].

In terms of the use of wood-element laws, Baby Ginseng was already close to the peak below the Divine Realm.

The effects of the various supplements and foods it created had already greatly improved.

After that, it was the Green Wood Divine Body. After being upgraded to the maximum level, it was optimized by Baby Ginseng to a quasi-divine-level [Life Divine Body]. The Life Divine Body contained the laws of life. Not only was it a source of life and a divine-level life supplement, but it could also rely on nutrients such as soil, light, and water to have tenacious vitality similar to an immortal elemental life form.

At this moment, Baby Ginseng’s strengthening work had completely come to an end.

Upon receiving permission from the world’s will, the opportunity arose to manipulate the natural laws of the planet, graced by the blessings of the world containing the laws of the sun and moon, wielding control over the rules of wood, and embodying the essence of the rules of life—the divine law of life!

If Little Ji, who had been strengthened previously, really had a chance to compete with Eleven, Buggy, and Baby Ginseng for first place in the team, then with Baby Ginseng adding points, the current strongest battle power throne in the team would definitely be it.

However, battle power was secondary. The current supplement ability of Baby Ginseng was what excited Shi Yu the most.

The efficiency of adding points increased greatly. After entering the near-death weak state, the speed and comfort of reviving at full health increased greatly!

Therefore.

With this motivation, Shi Yu started the strongest evolution for Susu again.

“Ning…” Under the gaze of Baby Ginseng and Shi Yu, Susu was nervous.

“Don’t be nervous. Although the success rate isn’t high, it’s not confirmed?” Shi Yu said.

[Skill]: Blue Sea Contract, Star Sea Body

[Fusion success rate]: Extremely low

[Fusion Risk]: Very high

“Yi!!” Baby Ginseng patted its chest, indicating that there was no problem.

If it couldn’t hold on, at most, it would immediately stop the fusion. With it around, how could Shi Yu die?

It was fine if it died. It was nothing.

At most, it would become undead and reincarnate. With it, Buggy, and Chi Tong, a bunch of pets who had mastered the ability to revive, it would be difficult for Shi Yu to die, even if he wanted to!