Chapter 1326 - 1326 Susu Duck'S Epic Enhancement (4)

1326 Susu Duck’s Epic Enhancement (4)

“Ning!!” The Starry Sky Slime Susu floated in the air and continued to emit origin fluctuations to cleanse the Eye of the Evil God. At this moment, just as Ling had speculated, not only did the Star Sea Contract not have any backlash, but its strength was also continuing to increase, assisting Susu in cleansing the Eye of the Evil God.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Ning!!” Susu was extremely excited. It had cleansed the source of the Blue Planet’s Abyss Sea on Blue Planet that it couldn’t cleanse after countless reincarnations. This time, it felt that it could finally eliminate its power.

It was at the demigod level. At this moment, even the inheritance power left behind by a super divine level could be easily cleansed.

Shi Yu was certain that there were very few people in the World King Planet’s Environmental Protection Association who could do this. It was very difficult to find a second one.

Of course, Susu’s current goal was not to directly destroy the Eye of the Evil God. What it needed to do was cleanse the Eye of the Evil God into an ownerless item, a pure strengthening resource, and give it to Duckie.

This way, firstly, it could use waste, and secondly, Duckie could control the Eye of the Evil God to the greatest extent and not be affected by the Eye of the Evil God.

“Quack!! (Big Sister Susu, all the best!!)” At this moment, looking at the Eye of the Evil God pressed to the ground by Susu’s origin fluctuations, Duckie swallowed its saliva. The thought of counterattacking the first team in its mind slowly dissipated. As expected, the idea of completely crushing Little Ji was more reliable and realistic.

“Susu, how long do you estimate?” Shi Yu asked.

“Ning. (More than a day.)” Susu said.

Shi Yu said, “Alright, I’ll add some other skills to Duckie first. We’ll wait for you.”

“Quack!!” Duckie nodded heavily.

A day later.

Susu finally finished cleansing the Eye of the Evil God. The most ridiculous thing was that after continuously using two quasi-divine skills to cleanse for a day, it didn’t consume any energy at all. Apart from its spirit being a little tired, its condition was almost full.

This made Shi Yu, Ling, and the others deeply realize how terrifying the current Star Sea Sprite race was when dealing with the abyss bloodline.

This was simply heaven’s jinx.

After purification, the Eye of the Evil God turned from an unholy, dark, big eye to something like a contact lens. It was very small and completely black. The patterns at the core of the pupil were like the pattern of a V-shaped red bird.

“Ning, Ning!” Under Susu’s gaze, Duckie trembled and picked up the Eye of the Evil God. It looked around and realized that Eleven, Buggy, Chi Tong, and all the other seniors had come here to see it fuse.

Little Ji was also here.

“Quack… (Thank you for your concern, everyone. Come and see me. I’ll do my best.)” Duckie was nervous.

Little Ji said, “Roar!!! (Don’t think too much. Everyone is here just to ensure that I can kill you immediately after you go berserk.)”

Duckie: “?”

“Quack!! (Thank you!!)” When Duckie heard that, it didn’t dare fail.

“Don’t listen to Little Ji’s nonsense. I won’t beat you to death, but a beating is definitely inevitable,” Shi Yu said with a kind smile.

“All the best.”

Duckie made an “emmm” sound and directly stuffed the Evil God Beauty Eye into its left eye. In the next moment, a huge abyssal power directly invaded Duckie’s entire body.

“Quack!!!!” Duckie covered its eyes and cried out in pain.

Although it had only been stuffed into one eye, the same pattern appeared even in its right eye. Duckie covered its eye with both hands and resisted with difficulty.

At the same time, a large amount of abyssal power erupted from its body. In an instant, it polluted the entire island, turning it into an abyss island.

Fortunately, with Susu around, it could instantly cleanse this little pollution wave.

At this moment, it was even more difficult for Duckie than for the previous abyss demigods. This was because it wanted to completely control the Eye of the Evil God, so the pressure was even greater.

“Baby Ginseng, World Tree Fruit.” “Yi.”

“Susu, cleanse.” “Ning!”

“Duckie, hold on a little longer. I’ll support you.”

Shi Yu and Duckie directly entered a mental resonance state to assist Duckie.

“Quack!!! (I am the overlord of the ocean!!! Don’t even think about interfering with me with the power of the abyss!!)”

Duckie roared at the sky. It had yet to forget the agreement between the two parties when Shi Yu first subdued it.

Defeat the abyss together!

The power of the abyss could only be its weapon, but it couldn’t interfere with it. This was the determination Duckie had made in its heart when it accepted the abyss inheritance in its previous life.

Boom!!!

An incomparably terrifying abyssal deterrence erupted from Duckie’s body like an Asura Demon God, continuing to push back everyone except Susu. This terrifying aura shocked Eleven, Buggy, and the others, and even Little Ji.

It felt that the deterrence of the current duck was even more terrifying than its destructive dragon’s might. It could affect the mind more.

“Roar…” Little Ji growled. That made sense. The World Destruction Demon Dragon was only a clone of the top-notch Divine Ancestral Dragon, but the Abyss Evil God was one of the three super divine existences that had disturbed Blue Planet…

Little Ji trembled. Son of a b*tch, no way. It felt the aura of Duckie gradually strengthening its enhancement. It felt more pain. Could it be that it would be suppressed by Duckie again after being arrogant for a few days?

“Roar!!” A moment later, Little Ji looked at Duckie, who had fused the affliction with the Evil God’s beautiful eyes, and abandoned all thoughts. It cheered for Duckie first.

“Roar!! (Damn duck, all the best. As long as the fusion is successful and you control it, you can surpass me. Do you want to fail?)”

Little Ji’s encouragement felt even more effective than Shi Yu’s Psychic Resonance support. After Duckie vaguely heard it, its resistance suddenly increased.