Chapter 1338 - 1338 Making Me Stronger (2)

1338 Making Me Stronger (2)

At the thought that Shi Yu had caught up to the status he had worked hard for hundreds of years in the starry sky in less than a month, the Space Emperor felt that it was very ridiculous.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

He felt that his life of chasing women, training in life and death, and cultivating hard had all been wasted.

Wasn’t Shi Yu an archeologist???

He thought that Shi Yu would become famous in the Cosmic Sea through the ruins of the archeological era in the future, but why didn’t the current situation follow his prediction?

To be honest, he felt that Shi Yu’s Chaos Panda, Green Dragon, World Destruction Dragon, and other pets were already ridiculous. He didn’t expect another cleansing star spirit to appear. This was the most ridiculous!

“That’s good,” President Bing Ling said.

“Floating Realm Master, the lives that walk out of your Blue Planet are really not simple.”

“If I’m not wrong, you’re planning to let your mother planet wander to the surroundings of the Cosmic Sea’s World King Planet, right?”

With the size of the Environmental Protection Association, they naturally knew that the Space Emperor, Lin Feng, and Blue Planet had the same mother planet.

So many geniuses had been born on an intermediate-level planet. Bing Ling didn’t believe that it was just an ordinary intermediate-level planet. Even if it was a high-level planet, there weren’t many ridiculous ones.

Now, she was quite interested in Blue Planet.

“Yes, Lord Bing Ling, we do have such a plan,” the Space Emperor said.

This wasn’t anything strange. Many experts who had successfully worked hard on World King Planet would guide their mother planet to the surroundings of World King Planet.

“Next, our Environmental Protection Association can provide some support and help to your mother planet relocation plan. What do you think?” Bing Ling said.

“It would naturally be best if we can obtain the help of the Environmental Protection Association,” the Space Emperor said with a cold expression.

In the starry sky of the universe, there were many dangers. A planet wandering was far more dangerous than sailing alone.

But if there was the protection of a large faction like the Environmental Protection Association, the risk would be reduced to the minimum!

The Space Emperor really didn’t expect that Shi Yu, Lin Feng, and the five god races would find another breakthrough in less than a month after coming to the World King Planet.

“Yeah.”

“I’ll personally follow up on the subsequent matters. In addition, Shi Yu will still be a member of your Floating Realm. He’s still too weak now. Before the divine level, I shouldn’t bring him to the headquarters, nor will I let him go to the battlefield.”

“I understand.” The Space Emperor said, “I’ll let Shi Yu train seriously during this period of time. He seems to have the intention to participate in the God Sealing Battle. Before the divine level, the Floating Realm will do its best to nurture him.”

Bing Ling said, “Perhaps… with his current ability, he can already obtain a large number of growth resources on his own. Therefore, you just have to protect him well first.”

“The God Sealing Battle is indeed a very good training venue. I’ll set a small goal for him first to get into the top 10 before advancing to the divine level.”

The Space Emperor was stunned. This was… him being Shi Yu’s bodyguard!

At the moment, although Shi Yu had huge potential, it was impossible for the Environmental Protection Association to lock Shi Yu up like a bird in a cage. After all, even if he was a genius, he would go to the battlefield sooner or later. However, Shi Yu was indeed too weak at the moment. It had to protect him.

It was impossible to send a super divine to protect him. A super divine was not so free. No matter how talented Shi Yu was, he wasn’t qualified to be protected by a super divine, and there weren’t many suitable candidates either. After thinking about it, with the Space Emperor who defeated a super divine expert above his level and was from Shi Yu’s hometown, he was undoubtedly the best candidate…

After all, Shi Yu’s subsequent growth would also be beneficial to the Floating Realm.

The Space Emperor would definitely spend much more effort to protect Shi Yu than others.

“Alright.” At this moment, after understanding the intention of the Environmental Protection Association, the Space Emperor nodded and admitted it.

Wasn’t it just being a bodyguard…

However, after hearing the small goal President Bing Ling mentioned, the Space Emperor hesitated. Shi Yu, in the top 10… who was she looking down on??

Although the cleansing star spirit wasn’t good at battle, Shi Yu didn’t just have this.

In his opinion, Shi Yu definitely had the potential to charge into first place. In a few years, this big shot of the Environmental Protection Association would definitely be extremely shocked!

Now… Sigh, he should personally go to Blue Wave World first.

The Space Emperor still couldn’t accept the change in identity.

Why was Shi Yu suddenly on equal footing with him?

No, according to the headquarters of the Environmental Protection Association, he had to protect Shi Yu well. This clearly valued Shi Yu more than a second-level world overlord like him…

The corners of the Space Emperor’s mouth twitched. Why don’t he let Lin Feng be Shi Yu’s bodyguard? The Space Emperor felt that Lin Feng was more free than him.

He was clearly more talented than him, but he didn’t know how to work hard. It was really ridiculous for him to travel leisurely all day. It was just right for him to be Shi Yu’s bodyguard. He could even help Shi Yu deduce the evolution path of the pet…

…

At the same time.

Shi Yu had already carried his bag and checked in.

He moved into the luxurious, mystic realm villa prepared by the Blue Wave Environmental Protection Association for the vice president.

It was even more beautiful than his residence in Sky City.

A fresh cleansing aura filled every corner. Even if he cultivated some skunks and bugs here, it would probably be fragrant.

“Wuhu~” Shi Yu let out the little white dragon’s cry happily.

“Looks like… the reserved room is going to be rejected…” Ling’s clone, who had been on Shi Yu’s wrist, sighed slightly when it saw this. Therefore, plans couldn’t keep up with changes…