Chapter 1335 - 1335 Becoming The President Of The Environmental Protection Association In Seconds (4)

1335 Becoming the President of the Environmental Protection Association in Seconds (4)

“You’re only at Level 9, and only at the demigod level. Just based on this, you want to cleanse the power of the super divine level abyss?”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Xia Zhichun, who was about the same age as Shi Yu, also looked at Shi Yu with a ridiculous expression. If Shi Yu said that he wanted to take the two-star purifier assessment, she would still feel that Shi Yu was impressive and admired him. However, no matter how she heard it, a three-star purifier sounded like a daydream.

In the entire Blue Wave Environmental Protection Association, President Xing Nan was the only three-star purifier.

“It’s not this duck…” Shi Yu said, “I have another pet that specializes in the power of cleansing.”

“It’s the cleansed Eye of the Evil God. Eh, in short, I just want to give it a try.”

With that said, Shi Yu directly summoned Susu, who looked like the current Starry Sky Slime. The appearance of Susu, who was the size of a basketball, stunned everyone, and felt that it was ridiculous.

This person had contracted quite a lot of pets. However, the pet Shi Yu mentioned that could cleanse the power of the super divine level abyss was such a guy?

This… Why did it look so similar to a slime?

Pets like slimes weren’t rare. On the major planets, they were mainstream low-level elemental life forms.

“Quack!!! (Big Sister Susu is awesome. It taught me my cleansing ability.)” At this moment, the duck praised Susu at the side. Its words directly stunned the purifiers present.

Did they hear wrongly? The cleansing power of this duck was taught by this slime?

What a joke. This worked?

“This is an ore that has been infected by the radiation of the Yun Race. If you’re really as powerful as you say, cleanse it and take a look.” At this moment, after a moment of silence, President Xing Nan directly took out an ore from her spatial equipment.

A huge, black rock that was one meter tall and wide appeared on the scene. It was filled with violent radiation fluctuations that kept radiating the surrounding environment. The feeling it gave Shi Yu was quite similar to Yun An’s power fluctuations.

At this moment, when this ore was taken out, many purifiers narrowed their eyes and could tell that this was an ore that had been polluted by the life of the divine-level Yun Race.

Although it couldn’t compare to the power of the super divine level abyss, even they would have to spend a lot of effort to cleanse it. The cleansing time ranged from a few minutes to a few hours.

“Alright.” At the same time, Shi Yu nodded.

“Ning!!” At this moment, as President Xingnan took out this ore, Susu was also very clean.

Just as everyone was planning to see if Shi Yu was bragging, Susu turned around. Under the combination of the Star Sea Contract and the origin wave, faint blue ripples spread on the rock it saw!

In almost a few seconds, with all the purifiers in disbelief and opening their mouths wide, the radiation and dark color of the ore faded, turning into a divine-level metal ore shining with golden light.

In less than ten seconds, the cleansing was successful.

Not to mention these two-star purifiers, even President Xing Nan himself was stunned on the spot.

As for Master Adolf’s disciple, he looked like he had seen a ghost. He suspected that he had fainted like his pet and had yet to wake up!

“How is this possible!!!” Many people exclaimed.

What the hell? How was this possible? What happened just now? They looked at the calm Starry Sky Slime as if they had seen a ghost.

President Xing Nan’s breathing was also rapid. She felt that it was unbelievable. She took out another flower-type resource that had been polluted by the power of the divine-level Yi Race. Susu didn’t say a word and continued to cleanse the origin fluctuations.

This time, in less than a minute, the gray-purple petal was directly cleansed into pink. The color was incomparably bright, filled with life fluctuations, and the pollution source was gone.

“Ning!!! (Is there anything else? It can all be cleansed!)” Susu was eager to try.

After cleansing these, the Star Sea Contract didn’t backfire. Alright!

This time, it wasn’t just President Xing Nan. The various two-star purifiers also took out the resources they were cleansing. Susu casually looked over. It cleansed more than ten things at the same time without any effort. It only took less than a minute to cleanse them all.

At this moment, all the purifiers were shocked to the extreme.

“What race is it?” President Xing Nan asked in shock.

“It’s a little sprite born from the power of faith condensed by the ocean creatures on our mother planet who hope to cleanse the abyss,” Shi Yu said.

“Well… But after arriving at the starry sky, it evolved again.”

As soon as he finished speaking, everyone’s expressions stiffened.

“Cleansing star spirit… It’s definitely the cleansing star spirit!!!” Master Adolf suddenly said.

“You guys… follow me.” At this moment, President Xing Nan’s expression was shocked. She directly stepped forward and pulled Shi Yu to a place.

Shi Yu, Susu, and Eleven were stunned. Duckie jogged and followed.

The purifiers present realized something and followed.

Shi Yu was initially stunned, but soon, he understood where the other party had brought him. This was a special building. In the building was a black pearl polluted by the power of the super divine abyss.

“You guys… try cleansing this.” After President Xing Nan opened the seal of the building, he looked at the abyssal fluctuations spreading in the room and said to Shi Yu and Susu.

“Alright.” Although Shi Yu felt that the abyssal power of this black pearl was even richer than the Eye of the Evil God, and that Susu might need to cleanse for a few days, they only needed to prove that Susu could indeed cleanse the power of the super divine level abyss.