Chapter 1339 - 1339 Making Me Stronger (3)

1339 Making Me Stronger (3)

Soon, in the room, Shi Yu was lying freely on the sofa. He glanced at Duckie, Susu, and the others in front of him and chuckled.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Hehe, I didn’t expect to become the vice president just like that. Not bad. The vice president is also good. I probably just have to hold a position. There’s no need to be in charge like the president,” Shi Yu said as he stretched lazily.

“Ning, Ning!!” Susu jumped onto the table and waved left and right, showing off its ambitions and looking at the future, indicating that it was still not enough.

Its eyes lit up. They were the highest command of the Environmental Protection Department on Blue Planet. How could they be satisfied with a vice president of a branch here?

So when would he fight for the highest position, that of President of the Environmental Protection Association headquarters?

It looked at Shi Yu with starry eyes. As long as it added points and followed, it shouldn’t be a big problem!

“Quack!! Quack!!” Duckie reported to the big sister. If it wanted to plan this, it might need the clueless team’s turtle to be the military advisor.

This… it was very good at!

Duckie had already started to look forward to it.

At that time, it would let the turtle assist it and become the commander of the Dark King Army. Then, it would let the turtle assist Susu and become the president of the Environmental Protection Association.

Directly turning a cosmic battle into a civil war, wasn’t this more exciting than the God Sealing Civil War!

Shi Yu: “…?”

They might as well kill the two cosmic emperors, Dark King and World King!

“Wu wu wu.” After walking around, Eleven walked to Shi Yu and tugged at him. It drooled and had watery eyes. So it had become the vice president of the Environmental Protection Association. What good stuff was there?

For example, food that it had never seen before.

“I reckon that as for the Blue Wave World Environmental Protection Association, there will definitely be a lot of vegetables and fruits that cleanse the body and mind…” Shi Yu said, “As for bamboo, I can’t guarantee it…”

“Roar!!” Eleven expressed that it was fine. It felt that it had fallen too far behind recently.

Ever since its level became higher and it was inconvenient to undergo special training, it hadn’t made up for the hard work debt through adding points for a long, long time.

At the thought of this, Eleven couldn’t help but cover its eyes. It was determined to cleanse its lazy heart through this meal.

“Ning!” Susu frowned at the side, indicating that it could help Eleven cleanse.

“Wu wu wu! (No, it has to be cleansed by eating.)” Eleven argued reasonably.

“Ning! (You just want to eat different things.)” Susu saw through it at a glance.

“Quack!! Duck!!” Duckie nodded at the side, indicating that what Big Sister Susu said made sense!!

Eleven was stunned. Damn it, it was just a panda. Was it wrong to want to eat? Was it wrong?

Also, why didn’t Duckie respect it recently!!!

“Wu…” As the pets communicated, beside them, Shi Yu had already observed every corner of this mystic realm villa with his psychic power to understand this new home.

Then, he looked outside the villa.

A person was slowly coming over.

Who else could it be but President Xing Nan?

“Shi Yu, are you there?” Outside, when President Xing Nan walked over with a smile, she called out to Shi Yu.

“I’m here.” Shi Yu hurriedly went out to welcome her. He looked at the beautiful woman in a white cheongsam embroidered with pink peach patterns and felt that this president was a little similar to Legend Hua Xiajin.

“President, what’s wrong?”

“It’s nothing, I came to take a look. How is it? Are you satisfied with this place?”

“Very satisfied… Speaking of which, President Xing Nan, do you really want me to be the vice president of the Blue Wave Branch?” Shi Yu said in embarrassment.

“I’m afraid I don’t have much experience. After all, I just joined the Environmental Protection Association. Isn’t it a little inappropriate…”

Shi Yu mainly wanted to ask if he could only be the vice president and not work.

President Xing Nan smiled and said, “It’s just a vice president. The requirements aren’t that strict. With your current ability, no one can say anything. At most, you just need to carry out some missions to cleanse the pollution source regularly. This shouldn’t be a problem for you, right?”

Shi Yu said, “That’s not a problem.”

“Moreover, I’ve just contacted the headquarters. In fact, the moment Susu evolved into a cleansing star spirit, the headquarters sensed the birth of a new cleansing star spirit. If nothing goes wrong, the vice president of a branch is just your starting point. There will be a larger stage waiting for you in the future.”

“Therefore, you just have to treat this place as a stepping stone to train yourself.”

Cleansing star spirit…

Shi Yu looked at Susu. Therefore, although he had named Susu’s new race the Star Sea Sprite, in the eyes of the people on the World King Planet, its current race should be the cleansing star spirit.

Such a race didn’t seem to be unique in the universe, but it was still very strong.

Ranked 77th among the races in the starry sky… In the entire universe, it was already a very impressive number.

Eleven had always wanted to get a racial ranking, but it didn’t expect Susu to evolve in one go.

“Apart from that… is there nothing else I need to do?” Shi Yu asked.

President Xing Nan said, “There’s no need to do anything. You can do whatever you originally planned to do next. The headquarters seems to plan to invite you to work at the headquarters after you enter the divine level.”

“As for now, you just have to use the two identities of a three-star purifier and the vice president of the Blue Wave Environmental Protection Association to grow as soon as possible.”

“Use your advantage well. Your growth resources shouldn’t be lacking much.” After President Xing Nan followed Shi Yu into the room, she smiled and sat on the sofa.