Chapter 1331 - 1331 Examination (4)

1331 Examination (4)

“Alright.” At the same time, Shi Yu also activated the summoning array and summoned the nervous duck.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

In the next second, on the golden summoning array, the huge black duck with its eyes covered appeared on the spot.

“Quack!!!”

As Duckie appeared, Xia Zhichun said, “Is that it? What’s wrong with its eyes?”

Shi Yu said, “A seal. Its abyssal power is too strong. It’s usually sealed.”

“Remove it,” Xia Zhichun said. “Let it erupt with all its might with the power of the abyss. During this process, I’ll let it lure your abyss pet into continuing to go berserk through pollen. I want to see the strength of your control over the power of the abyss.”

“Ah.” Shi Yu and Duckie were stunned.

“Why, is there a problem?” Xia Zhichun frowned.

“No.” Shi Yu was originally worried that Duckie’s explosive power was too strong, but when he recalled that there was a divine-level cleanser beside him, he instantly wasn’t worried anymore.

“In that case, Duckie, unlock the seal of the Eye of the Evil God.”

“Quack!!!” Duckie nodded and directly pulled open the sealed eyeband, revealing its closed eyes. It began to slowly open them.

On the other side, the mushroom of the Yi Race also began to activate a special poisonous domain, turning the surroundings into a purple poisonous world.

In the poisonous world, invisible poisonous pollen began to enter Duckie’s body through its skin. This should be a quasi-divine skill. In an instant, Duckie felt that the abyssal power in its body was like a wild horse that had escaped its restraints. It began to become irritable and out of control.

Bang bang bang bang bang bang.

Duckie’s heart began to beat strongly. The Heart of the Abyss was activated. At the same time, as it opened its dark red eyes, a terrifying aura gradually spread on Duckie.

Initially, Master Adolf was still sitting there to watch the commotion, but suddenly, his expression became serious.

“Quack!!!” At this moment, as the Eye of the Evil God and the Heart of the Abyss opened together, a shocking aura wave swept out. Duckie’s entire body crazily absorbed the negative energy drifting in the starry sky of the universe, transforming into a monstrous abyss wave that shook the sky and earth. It instantly formed an endless abyss aura!!

Abyssal fluctuations swept up with vast might, instantly making the poisonous domain wrapped around the battlefield tremble, as if it would collapse at any time!!

Boom!!!

Duckie looked at the examiner with its dark red eyes. In the next second, the poisonous domain completely collapsed. The terrifying abyssal deterrence directly forced the mushroom and Xia Zhichun of the Yi Race, whose expressions changed drastically, back.

The domain creator, the Poison Mushroom of the Yi Race, who had endured the main pressure of the abyssal fluctuations, looked into the duck’s eyes as if it had seen a terrifying existence. It directly revealed a shocked expression, and its eyes couldn’t help but turn white.

“Impossible,” Xia Zhichun said in shock.

Master Adolf’s expression suddenly changed. At this moment, the abyssal fluctuations erupting from Duckie’s body were comparable to the divine level. For a moment, the terrifying abyssal fluctuations caused the Environmental Protection Association to tremble.

Strange, unholy, powerful, and deep. At this moment, the Eye of the Evil God vividly displayed these adjectives. Duckie’s current aura was powerful enough to instantly affect the mind of a demigod.

It didn’t look like an abyss demigod at all, but the real Abyss God in the Abyss Battlefield.

“What the hell.” Seeing this, Adolf was in disbelief. He couldn’t understand why this duck hid such terrifying abyssal power.

It actually instantly knocked out the other demigod-level life form?

He immediately summoned his divine-level partner to prevent this duck from going berserk. In his opinion, if he didn’t control the Crowd Control in time, something big would happen.

“Wait, Master Adolf.” However, at this moment, Shi Yu immediately said, “It can control it.”

“Quack!!!” Just as Shi Yu finished speaking, Duckie roared. Golden light spread from its body, and the Wave Vision, Heart Eye, activated. The Vajra Demon Subduing Staff,whicht was filled with holy light condensed in its hand. Two power fluctuations, one gold and one black, spread on Duckie’s body.

“Quack!!!”

With the Vajra Demon Subduing Staff in hand, the duck was like a Buddha and a demon. With a shake of its arm, all the filth in its eyes was instantly shattered accurately by it. The abyssal power that was stimulated by the other party’s pollen was immediately suppressed by the duck.

Boom!!!

Two different powers, one holy and one unholy, intertwined on Duckie’s body, making Master Adolf and Xia Zhichun suddenly tremble. This… How was this possible?

What was with this holy power? It had mastered both an abyss-type quasi-divine skill and a cleansing-type quasi-divine skill?

“Quack!!!” As the two examiners were shocked, when the golden cloak behind Duckie fluttered, it stabbed the Demon Subduing Pestle into the ground. In the next moment, the abyssal fluctuations on its body completely disappeared, and only the power of cleansing was left on its body.

At this moment, Master Adolf and Xia Zhichun were stunned. They looked at the monster duck in front of them in confusion.

Firstly, it was the initial abyssal fluctuations, the abyssal fluctuations that were like Superdivine. Secondly, the cleansing fluctuations that were on par with the abyssal fluctuations made it difficult for them to understand.

Just now, Master Adolf almost thought that a divine-level assassin of the Abyss Race had infiltrated the Environmental Protection Association.

“What’s with the power of your abyss pet? Don’t tell me that a native life form of a planet polluted by the abyss can control the power of the abyss to this extent!” Master Adolf said.

Shi Yu said, “The Abyss Race Leader who invaded our mother planet is a super divine Abyss Evil God. The inheritance it left behind is one of its eyes.”

“We found this Eye of the Evil God. After purification, we fused it into its body, so the abyssal power contained in its body is indeed a little greater than ordinary abyssal pets.”

“However, it’s definitely not a problem to control it normally.”

A demigod fused the eye of the super divine Abyss Evil God into its body and even successfully suppressed it?

When Adolf heard that, he looked at Shi Yu and Duckie with trembling pupils. Kid, what the f*ck was this joke? Where did you get it? How could the super divine level Eye of the Evil God be cleansed just like that?