Chapter 1332 - 1332 Becoming The President Of The Environmental Protection Association In Seconds (1)

1332 Becoming the President of the Environmental Protection Association in Seconds (1)

In the Environmental Protection Association of Blue Wave City, the soaring abyssal aura shocked everyone almost immediately.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

This was the Environmental Protection Association, the paradise of purifiers. The sudden appearance of such a majestic abyssal aura directly made many purifiers put down their work and look in the direction of the fluctuations with serious expressions.

“An unfamiliar divine-level abyss aura… Who is it?”

In the president’s office of the Environmental Protection Association, a beautiful woman in a white cheongsam looked at Master Adolf’s workplace.

In the Environmental Protection Association, it wasn’t that no one contracted abyss pets, nor was it that there weren’t divine-level abyss pets. However, every one of them was registered, and everyone was already very familiar with it.

However, this time, under the stimulation of the Duckie Race, the abyssal aura produced by the resonance of the Eye of the Evil God and the Abyss Heart was completely unfamiliar. Moreover, the high-quality abyssal power of the Evil God’s Eye made those environmental hunters who had been to the Abyss Battlefield feel like a super divine abyssal life suppression power had descended into the Environmental Protection Association.

Almost without hesitation, many divine-level purifiers, including the president of the Blue Wave Branch of the Environmental Protection Association, headed to the assessment venue where the Duck had descended.

Then, they saw a scene that surprised them. Master Adolf was stunned on the spot. Master Adolf’s disciple and her pet supported themselves on the spot with difficulty, almost fainting.

At the scene, there were no abyss pets at all. There was only an unfamiliar young man and a dark blue duck filled with golden holy light holding the Vajra Demon Subduing Staff.

“Quack…” At this moment, Duckie also noticed that many powerful lives filled with the power of divine-level cleansing had come around. It couldn’t help but swallow its saliva.

Shi Yu was also silent. From the looks of it, Duckie’s Crowd Control of the abyssal power was still not very good. When the other party stimulated it, it almost went berserk. This was only a demigod-level life form.

However, this was also related to Duckie taking the initiative to withstand it. If Duckie directly used the Wave Vision to cooperate with the Vajra Demon Subduing Staff, the other party’s poisonous pollen couldn’t come into contact with Duckie at all.

“President…” At that moment, Master Adolf also noticed the dozen or so divine-level purifiers who had suddenly descended here. Among them, he looked at the beautiful woman in the lead and immediately knew that she was attracted by the abyssal fluctuations of the duck just now.

It was mainly because he really didn’t expect that a demigod-level abyss pet could erupt with such a rich abyss deterrence. Otherwise, it would definitely be able to control the commotion of the assessment in this building area.

“Master Adolf, what’s going on here?” Xing Nan, the president of the Blue Wave Environmental Protection Association, looked at the messy courtyard and asked.

“Yeah, Master Adolf, what happened to the fluctuations just now? It was spread from you, right?” The other higher-ups of the Environmental Protection Association also asked Master Adolf.

“This…” Master Adolf’s disciple, Xia Zhichun, swallowed his saliva crazily as he comforted his companion.

He wanted to tell many seniors present that the terrifying abyssal fluctuations just now were released by the demigod-level duck that looked incomparably holy now. Although it was ridiculous, it was the truth!

“Seniors, I’m very sorry. The aura just now was accidentally created by us,” Shi Yu said.

“Quack!! (Sorry, sorry.)” Duckie also waved the Demon Subduing Staff and said, “Sorry to disturb you!!”

Under everyone’s puzzled expressions, Master Adolf said, “That’s right. I’m giving this young man an abyss pet assessment. I just didn’t expect the abyssal power in this Abyss Duck’s body to be so rich and huge.”

“Abyss assessment??” President Xing Nan looked at Shi Yu and Duckie in confusion. The other divine-level purifiers also looked at the duck in confusion. At this moment, the Vajra Demon Subduing Staff and the Wave Vision were open at the same time. The purifying power of Duckie’s body was incomparably dazzling. Such a strong purifying wave was enough to be at the top, even in the demigod-level cleansing life of the Blue Wave Environmental Protection Association.

So were they sure that they were here to participate in the assessment of the abyss pets and not to participate in the assessment to enter the Environmental Protection Association??

“Well, the abyssal power just now indeed erupted from this Abyss Duck. Moreover, this Abyss Duck also mastered a relatively powerful cleansing power. It can suppress the abyssal power at will,” Master Adolf said with a toothache. “This is the first time I’ve seen such a strange life form.”

He didn’t dare say that life forms that cultivated the power of cleansing and the power of the abyss didn’t exist, but he could confirm that there were definitely very few. This path was definitely incomparably difficult. These two powers were simply in conflict!!

How did this young man in front of him let the abyssal power and cleansing power of this duck reach such a powerful level?

“Young people.” At this moment, President Xing Nan looked at Shi Yu and Duckie and said, “Can you display the abyss form just now?”

“Alright.” Shi Yu looked at Duckie.

“Quack!!” In the next moment, Duckie nodded and closed its golden eyes again. Under the gaze of many divine-level purifiers, right on the heels of that, it opened its eyes again.

Eye of the Evil God, activate!

With a bang, the Eye of the Heart that contained the power of cleansing directly turned into a dark red Evil God Eye with a V-shaped pattern. Accompanied by the sound of heartbeats, the golden-blue fluctuations on the duck’s body were instantly dyed by the black fluctuations of the tide. It was like a painting splashed with ink, and magic power surged.