Chapter 1337 - 1337 Making Me Stronger (1)

1337 Making Me Stronger (1)

The vice president of the Environmental Protection Association, Bing Ling.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Emperor Kong had heard of this name.

She was one of the few super divine level humans on World King Planet.

Moreover, she and her contracted partner had both reached the super divine level, which was rare.

Unlike the five super divines of the Blue Planet Divine Alliance who were unwilling to go to the battlefield, she was a real combatant and had always been on the Dark King Army’s must-kill list.

It could be said that although they were all super divines, she was definitely one of the super divines at the top of the World King Planet. As for the super divines of the five major god races on Blue Planet, they could only be considered local powerhouses.

The difference between the two parties was roughly equivalent to the difference between normal totems and totem half-gods. There were also strong and weak super divines.

Because of this, the Space Emperor was puzzled. Why would such a big shot look for him?

What exactly did Shi Yu… do outside?

“Lord Bing Ling… Shi Yu is indeed from the Floating Realm. May I ask… what happened?”

The Space Emperor asked carefully.

According to what he knew, Shi Yu was a person who never stopped.

If Shi Yu really caused something and involved a super divine level, it would be troublesome.

Of course, the Space Emperor really couldn’t imagine what trouble Shi Yu could cause.

Could it be that he could tear down the Environmental Protection Association like how he cracked the ruins? The Space Emperor had already worked very hard to let his imagination run wild.

“Naturally.”

“Floating Realm Master, you’ve done very well. You unearthed such a genius for the Environmental Protection Association,” Bing Ling said.

The Space Emperor was stunned.

Huh?

He had unearthed such a genius for the Environmental Protection Association?

She was talking about Shi Yu?

He thought for a moment. How could it be Shi Yu?

The Environmental Protection Association had always only taken in members who were experts at cleansing.

Did Shi Yu have it? Yes, he did. Shi Yu had contracted a Blue Sea Sprite condensed from the cleansing faith of the Blue Planet’s ocean…

But logically speaking, it couldn’t be because of this…

Although not every planet could condense a life form like the Blue Sea Sprite, there was a chance for such a race to be born on any planet above mid-level.

In the entire universe, although the races of Blue Sea Sprites needed to rely on the right time, place, and sharpness to condense, it was definitely not a small number.

In addition, such a faith god was only considered powerful on its planet. If it left its territory, its ability would decrease very much.

Therefore, the Space Emperor didn’t think that Shi Yu could alarm the super divine expert of the Environmental Protection Association headquarters by contracting only one Blue Sea Sprite.

Even the higher-ups of the Environmental Protection Association of the Blue Wave World probably wouldn’t take another look at Shi Yu because of the Blue Sea Sprite.

“Lord Bing Ling… What… do you mean?”

“The genius you’re talking about… is Shi Yu?” The Space Emperor was stunned.

“Looks like you don’t understand his situation,” Bing Ling said.

The Space Emperor was all ears.

He wanted to see what Shi Yu was up to again.

“Shi Yu of the Floating Realm passed the three-star purifier assessment in the Blue Wave Realm. Now, he has already become the vice president of the Blue Wave Realm Environmental Protection Association of the first-level realm.”

“His status is already equivalent to you, a second-level world overlord.”

“In his twenties, such an achievement isn’t bad.”

As soon as Bing Ling finished speaking, the Space Emperor immediately coughed.

He widened his eyes and looked at the World King Token in his hand in disbelief.

“What did you say???” At this moment, the Space Emperor completely suspected that his ears were spoilt and he had heard wrongly!

Damn it, he wanted Shi Yu to go to the Environmental Protection Association to get an identity card for the abyss pet. This kid directly became the vice president?

What a joke.

“Lord Bing Ling, how is this possible…” The Space Emperor still couldn’t believe it.

“Ha, congratulations.”

“The planet-level cleansing faith sprite he contracted successfully evolved into a cleansing star spirit.”

“Moreover, he has displayed extremely extraordinary talent. With his talent, he will come to the headquarters of the Environmental Protection Association to be nurtured sooner or later. I’m informing you now only because I want to understand more from you and need your cooperation in doing some work.”

“Cleansing star spirit??” The Space Emperor’s brain rumbled when he heard that.

The Blue Sea Sprite evolved into a cleansing star spirit?

That cleansing star spirit ranked 77th among the races in the starry sky?

The Space Emperor naturally knew this heaven-defying race. They were known to have the strongest cleansing talent. Although their overall battle power wasn’t the strongest, against the Dark King Army, cleansing star spirits were definitely the strongest race.

The strongest experts of the Environmental Protection Association in the past had all been cleansing star spirits, and now, it was no exception.

However, why did Shi Yu’s Blue Sea Sprite evolve into a cleansing star spirit?

Planet faith god, cosmic faith god. This was on a completely different level!

The Space Emperor was shocked. If it was a cleansing star spirit, he finally understood why it would alarm the super divine experts of the Environmental Protection Association.

Such a race would definitely be nurtured by the Environmental Protection Association with all its might!

As long as the cleansing star spirit grew up, it would definitely be a general of the Environmental Protection Association.

“Yes, you understand now, right?”

“I understand…” The Space Emperor gritted his teeth.

Therefore, Shi Yu became the vice president of the Blue Wave World Environmental Protection Association??

The Blue Wave Domain was a first-level domain, and the world overlord was a super divine level. The status of the president of an official organization branch like the Environmental Protection Association was also stronger than that of an ordinary second-level domain overlord.

Therefore, with Shi Yu’s current status as the vice president and his identity as a three-star purifier, it was completely no problem for him to be on equal footing with ordinary second-level world overlords.