Chapter 1336 - 1336 Becoming The President Of The Environmental Protection Association In Seconds (5)

1336 Becoming the President of the Environmental Protection Association in Seconds (5)

The purifiers present weren’t unfamiliar with this pearl. Every branch of the Environmental Protection Association had a fixed mission every year, such as cleansing a certain number of polluted resources. Among them, cleansing resources polluted by the power of the super divine level was also one of the quest indicators.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

This black pearl was one of the cleansing quests of the Blue Wave Environmental Protection Association this year. It was something President Xing Nan needed to cleanse.

Even President Xing Nan would probably have to cleanse with difficulty for a period of time.

However, at this moment, under everyone’s stunned expressions, as the Starry Sky Slime let out a cry, a huge wave of power bloomed from its body. In an instant, the wave of the color of the starry sky directly suppressed the abyss power on the pearl. Moreover, all the purifiers could sense that the abyss power on the pearl was slowly being eliminated. Although the speed wasn’t as fast as before, it was really slowly disappearing!!

The power of the super divine level abyss couldn’t counter the pollution-cleansing wave. Instead, it was suppressed by the cleansing wave until it couldn’t resist.

It was very difficult for the purifiers present to believe that such a ridiculous scene was something a demigod-level life form could do.

“Impossible. Even if it’s a cleansing star spirit, it’s impossible to cleanse the power of the super divine level abyss at the demigod level…” Xia Zhichun, who had heard her teacher’s words just now, shook her head fiercely and looked at this scene.

“Indeed, it’s impossible to purely cleanse a star spirit, but what if this cleansing star spirit also masters a cleansing divine skill that contains top-notch laws?” President Xing Nan said.

The strength of the cleansing star spirit race was that they could freely mobilize the power of the starry sky to strengthen cleansing-type moves. Their racial ability was to infinitely mobilize the power of the starry sky, but the cleansing methods were different. It was possible for metal, wood, water, fire, earth, light, wind, spirit, time, and various other elements.

Therefore, even if they were both cleansing star spirits, there were still differences in strength. As for Shi Yu’s contract, to be able to master such a strong cleansing power and ignore consumption, there was no doubt that he had definitely signed a contract with the starry sky.

But even so, cleansing a divine-level pollution source above his level should be the limit.

But in front of them, it could easily cleanse the super divine level pollution source without the support of a Beast Tamer. Apart from the combination of the Starry Sky Contract and a top-notch cleansing divine skill, they couldn’t think of a second one.

President Xing Nan’s pupils trembled. He felt that he had discovered a rare treasure.

“This… It might take a few days to cleanse this. We should be considered to have met the standard of a three-star purifier, right?” Shi Yu scratched his head and said.

The purifiers present were speechless. Not only did they meet the standard, but this ability could even be the branch president of an environmental protection association in a first-level realm.

“You just said that you want to join our Blue Wave Environmental Protection Association, right?” The president of the Blue Wave Environmental Protection Association pressed Shi Yu’s shoulder and said excitedly, “Little guy, you have to keep your word. From today onwards, you’re the vice president of our Blue Wave Environmental Protection Association.”

Xia Zhichun: “?”

Shi Yu, Susu, Duckie: !!!

Holy shit, he had just joined the Environmental Protection Association and was already the vice president of a branch. Was it so exciting?

“You might not know what your ability represents, but please believe that joining the Environmental Protection Association is definitely your best choice. Next, I’ll arrange a place for you to stay. You can stay at the Environmental Protection Association first and treat this place as your home,” President Xing Nan said with a gentle expression.

The purifiers beside him had never noticed that their president had such a kind side.

However, at this moment, their hearts were also shocked. They knew very well what the appearance of the cleansing star spirit that had mastered a top-notch cleansing law divine skill meant to the Environmental Protection Association.

A hundred years later, perhaps there would be another super divine existence expert in the power of cleansing.

At that moment, Shi Yu, Susu, Duckie, Eleven, and the others communicated in silence. Look, joining the Environmental Protection Association and cozying up to the officials was indeed the best choice!!

He had just arrived in an unfamiliar place and was instantly appointed president of the Environmental Protection Association. His status might not be inferior to that of the Space Emperor and Senior Lin Feng!

…

That day, in the headquarters of the Environmental Protection Association in World King City, ever since they captured the traces of the birth of the cleansing star spirit the last time, they immediately began to set up search work. They even found a time-element god who was an expert in premonition.

However, they didn’t expect that before they could start the search, the news of the cleansing star spirit had already come from the branch first.

The information about Shi Yu, Susu, and Duckie immediately spread from the Blue Wave Branch to the ears of a super divine level figure in the headquarters.

Floating Realm, Sky City.

The Space Emperor was originally cultivating daily, but with this abnormality, he took out his World King Token and fell into deep thought.

Apart from being a symbol of identity, the World King Token could also be seen as a communication device for the official factions of the World King Planet to contact the world overlords of the various realms. Generally speaking, only super divine experts from official institutions had the right to directly contact the various world overlords through the World King Token.

At this moment, the Space Emperor was more puzzled. He couldn’t think of anyone who would contact him through the World King Token.

In the next moment, the Space Emperor activated the World King Token. A cold voice came from the other side.

“Floating Realm Master, I’m the vice president of the World King City’s Environmental Protection Association. Shi Yu is from your Floating Realm, right?”

Uh…

Upon hearing this voice, the Space Emperor Kong’s heart almost skipped a beat, and he almost blacked out. He suddenly had a bad feeling. Shi Yu, this kid, went to register an identity card for the abyss pet. Why did he ridiculously let a super divine level Beast Tamer find him!!