Chapter 1333 - 1333 Becoming The President Of The Environmental Protection Association In Seconds (2)

1333 Becoming the President of the Environmental Protection Association in Seconds (2)

“Roar!!!” Under the duck’s roar, abyssal fluctuations shot into the sky and danced in the nine heavens. The infinitely spreading abyssal fluctuations outside its body instantly made the cleansing spiritual plants in this courtyard wither, making the air wail and the sky change color.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

When the terrifying abyssal aura swept in all directions, the pupils of the Poison Mushroom of the Yi Race that had just been awakened by Xia Zhichun trembled again. It was shocked and fainted again.

The surrounding divine-level purifiers and their partner who had mastered the divine-level cleansing power sensed this extremely high-quality abyssal power and subconsciously protected themselves. They condensed the effect of the cleansing wave to interfere with the abyssal power and revealed incredulous expressions.

They looked at this huge dark blue duck with incredulous expressions.

The power of the abyss previously was actually displayed by this duck that had mastered the powerful cleansing power?

Moreover, at this moment, looking at this demigod-level duck that erupted with abyssal fluctuations comparable to divine-level, it was still calm and sober, making these divine-level purifiers feel that it was ridiculous.

“Master Adolf, what’s wrong with them?” President Xing Nan couldn’t help but ask.

It was very difficult to imagine that such a ridiculous combination would appear in their Blue Wave Branch.

Master Adolf said, “His name is Shi Yu. He’s from the second-level realm, the Floating Realm. He only came to the World King Planet in the past month. According to him, his mother planet was invaded by a super divine level abyss life form very long ago and won a battle.”

Many divine-level purifiers revealed surprised expressions. What? It was invaded by the super divine level Abyss Race and even successfully won?

“However, although it expelled the enemy, that Abyss Evil God left behind an eye. As an abyss inheritance, it continued to wreak havoc on that planet.”

“This Abyss Duck is a local transcendent life form that was infected by the power of the abyss and mutated into an abyss life form.”

“At the same time, what I don’t understand is that they said that in the end, they found the Eye of the Evil God and successfully cleansed and absorbed it. That’s why they can have such powerful abyssal power.”

“What??” As soon as Master Adolf finished speaking, the surrounding divine-level purifiers were shocked again. Successfully cleansing the super divine level Eye of the Evil God? How was this possible?

“Tell me, where are you from?” President Xing Nan was shocked and asked Shi Yu again.

Shi Yu said, “The Floating Realm.”

“The Floating Realm…” Upon hearing the name of this realm, many divine-level purifiers felt that it was a little familiar. President Xing Nan pondered for a moment and said, “The realm lord of your realm is the one who once successfully hunted a super divine life form above his level in the Void Battlefield.”

“Yes,” Shi Yu said. “I’m from the same hometown as the World King. He just received me on the World King Planet recently. He was the one who asked me to come to the Environmental Protection Association to register the identity of the abyss pet.”

When Shi Yu finished speaking, the surrounding divine-level purifiers were stunned. Then, they whispered to each other. The Floating Realm. No wonder it sounded so familiar.

Decades ago, there was a battle that ended with the death of the super divine life form on the World King Planet. However, the enemy camp’s super divine life form also suffered a huge loss of vitality and was extremely weak. Originally, with the death of the super divine life form, the situation on this battlefield had already been determined, but no one expected that two divine-level Beast Tamers who didn’t care about their lives would enter the enemy camp and successfully hunt the weak super divine life form, reversing the situation on this battlefield.

One of them was the Space Emperor. The other was Lin Feng, who was pulled to the battlefield by the Space Emperor.

The two of them were also bold. They directly targeted the weak super divine life form and wanted to see if it could drop the source of transcendence.

No one expected Shi Yu to actually come from the same planet as that World Master Wang Kong.

“I see.” President Xing Nan looked at the Abyss Duck that had suppressed the abyss aura again, as well as Shi Yu, who still had a black and white bear race hanging on his shoulder. “Master Adolf, since his abyss pet can control the power of the abyss that exceeds its level and won’t lose itself, he’ll pass the assessment.”

“Next, I just have to confirm with the Floating Realm and help him complete his identity verification.”

“Yes,” Master Adolf said with a nod.

At that moment, many divine-level purifiers still sized up Duckie in surprise.

Therefore, the so-called Eye of the Evil God was probably helped cleanse this young man by the Realm Lord of the Floating Realm.

They could only think of this possibility. Although they felt that the Space Emperor himself didn’t have the ability to cleanse the super divine level Eye of the Evil God, such a world overlord who could kill a super divine life form above his level definitely had rich connections and foundation. It wasn’t impossible to find a way to cleanse the Eye of the Evil God.

And to be nurtured by the Realm Lord of the Floating Realm like this, Shi Yu was definitely a genius the other party thought very highly of.

Well, with the strength of this Abyss Duck, it was indeed so!!

They felt that this Abyss Duck definitely had the level to enter the top 1,000 before the God Sealing Battle. If the Beast Tamer was also outstanding and mastered the divine-level strengthening ability, if the two parties cooperated well, it might have the ability to charge into the top 100!!

At this level, it would be strange if a second-level realm didn’t nurture him. Even in a first-level realm, he was a rare genius.

Now, Master Adolf’s disciple, Xia Zhichun, had a complicated expression. She was the person who had experienced Duckie’s power the most directly. Her companion from the Mo Race was definitely not weak. In the end, she was knocked out by an abyssal deterrent of the same level. This was completely unimaginable.