Chapter 1330 - 1330 Examination (3)

1330 Examination (3)

“4675.” The business Shi Yu handled was indeed rare. Issuing certificates to the abyss pets was basically done by the members of the Environmental Protection Association who had gone to the Abyss Battlefield. They were the group who came into contact with the abyss pets the most.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

As for young people like Shi Yu, who wasn’t a member of the Environmental Protection Association, it was very rare for him to contract an abyss pet. After all, which normal person would contract that thing?

Of course, although it was rare, it wasn’t impossible. After all, the number of outsiders to World King Planet wasn’t small. Beast Tamers from other planets were migrating over at all times.

“Well… The cleanser in charge of handling your business is our association’s divine-level cleanser, Master Adolf. I’ll bring you over,” the receptionist said.

“Alright, thank you.” Shi Yu nodded.

At the same time, in a private building in the Environmental Protection Association building complex, an old man with gray curly hair was leisurely drinking tea. Just as he put down the empty cup, a black-haired young woman with tanned skin beside him poured him another cup.

“Little Chun, prepare yourself. An abyss contractor will come to apply for an identity certificate later. You’re in charge of assessing him.”

“Me? Teacher, what about you?” The woman named Little Chun was stunned. “I just returned from the battlefield…”

Master Adolf laughed and said, “It’s precisely because of this that I let you come. You’ve been gone for three years. It’s a good opportunity to see your improvement during this period of time. You’re not far from the divine level, right?”

“Alright, alright.” Little Chun put down the teapot and said, “In that case, the person who came to settle the business is also at Level 9?”

“Yes, otherwise, it wouldn’t be assigned to me,” Master Adolf said.

Assessment of a Level 9 should have been done by him, a divine-level cleansing master. However, with him watching, it wasn’t a problem to deal with his obedient disciple.

Adolf smiled and looked at his disciple. At Level 9, his student should be extremely outstanding. He had contracted two demigod-level pets, one of which was a wood-element pet that had mastered the cleansing divine skill, and the other was a Yi Race pet of the Wood element that had mastered the power of poison pollution.

Purification-type pets were the other party’s initial pets.

As for the Yi Race, just like the Yun Race and the Abyss Race, they were both factions of the Dark King. The Yun Race was metal, the Abyss Race was water, and the Yi Race was wood. They were all races with very powerful pollution abilities.

Originally, as an Environmental Protection Hunter of the Environmental Protection Association, Little Chun shouldn’t have contracted a pet of the clan. However, in order to understand the enemy better and carry out some special battles, she still chose to contract and nurture a hostile pet from scratch, and she cultivated and got along pretty well with it.

Such a combination also made it best for Little Chun to obtain good results in the God Sealing Battle and enter the top 10,000.

In the entire World King Planet, the entire battle result was already enough to be called a proud daughter of heaven. It was definitely more than enough to give ordinary Level 9 assessments.

After all, she wasn’t a flower in a greenhouse, but an environmental hunter who had been to the Starry Sky Battlefield.

“The other party is here,” Master Adolf said. “Oh? He’s quite young.”

As Master Adolf finished speaking, the receptionist brought Shi Yu over.

“Master Adolf, this Mr. Shi Yu has made an appointment for the identity assessment of the Abyssal pet,” the receptionist said.

“I understand. You can go down first,” Master Adolf said.

At the same time, he looked at Shi Yu.

At this moment, Shi Yu also looked at Master Adolf and the woman beside him.

A divine level… and a Level 9…

“Master Adolf, hello. My name is Shi Yu, and I’m from the Floating Realm.” Shi Yu immediately introduced himself.

“Hello.” Master Adolf stood up and focused his attention on Eleven. “There’s no need to be nervous. Let’s talk first. This is also part of the identification process.”

“The abyss pet you contracted shouldn’t be this, right?”

“How many pets have you contracted?”

“Yes.” Shi Yu nodded and said, “I have another one.”

“Come on, tell me first. Where did you contract your abyss pet?” Master Adolf said.

“My mother planet was once invaded by the Abyss Race. Although the seniors on my mother planet repelled the Abyss Race, the other party still left an inheritance on my mother planet, causing many native lives to be turned into an abyss.”

“The abyss pet I contracted is one of them. It was originally an ordinary water-element life form. After coming into contact with the power of the abyss, its stats changed. However, its talent isn’t bad, and it can control the power of the abyss.”

“I see. How long have you been on the World King Planet?” Master Adolf said.

“It’s been less than a month,” Shi Yu said.

Master Adolf smiled and said, “Well, next, you need to send your abyss pet to complete a battle. Your examiner is also a life form who has mastered similar powers. What you need to do is maintain your rationality under the other party’s pollution. This is one of the assessments. There’s no problem, right?”

“No problem.” Shi Yu nodded and said, “However, are we taking the assessment here?”

“Yes, here is fine.”

“Little Chun, I’ll leave it to you.” Adolf sat down again and said to the woman beside him.

The woman sighed and looked at Shi Yu. “My name is Xia Zhichun. Next, I’ll be your examiner. Now, you can summon your abyss pet.”

After saying that, she also activated the summoning array. In the golden summoning array, a huge black mushroom with colorful stripes appeared beside her.