Chapter 1334 - 1334 Becoming The President Of The Environmental Protection Association In Seconds (3)

1334 Becoming the President of the Environmental Protection Association in Seconds (3)

If she didn’t know Shi Yu’s level in advance, she would definitely think that the duck was at the divine level.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

This Beast Tamer from the Floating Realm was really a monster.

“Thank you, President, thank you, Master Adolf.” At the same time, when Shi Yu heard that the assessment was smooth and he could immediately help Duckie register its identity, he couldn’t help but smile.

After the registration was completed, he could send Duckie out to battle without worrying about any impact. Alright.

Waiting for Duckie to kill in the God Sealing War, the eyes of the Abyss Evil God had already been given to Duckie. If it couldn’t defeat a bunch of demigods, Duckie would leave the group!

“By the way.” Shi Yu suddenly said, “Well, Masters… I still want to join the Environmental Protection Association.”

The Environmental Protection Association was the largest purification-type resource purchase platform on the World King Planet, and it was also the only channel to legally buy abyss-type resources. It could even go to the Abyss Battlefield through the Environmental Protection Association. Shi Yu felt that if one day, he and Susu wanted to show off in the starry sky and join the Environmental Protection Association, it was an inevitable choice.

“Huh? Do you want to join the Environmental Protection Association?” President Xing Nan smiled and looked at the Abyss Duck. Although this duck was an abyss pet, it cultivated the power of the abyss and the power of purification at the same time…

As long as he mastered the Purification Skill, he could join the Environmental Protection Association. Not only did Shi Yu meet the criteria, but he also far exceeded it. It was also a good thing for such a genius to join their Blue Wave Branch.

“Yes.” Shi Yu nodded and said, “I heard that an Environmental Protection Hunter who becomes an Environmental Protection Association can go to the Abyss Battlefield. My mother planet was once invaded by the Abyss Race, and I suffered a lot because of this. Even my contracted partner was infected and became an Abyss Race and suffered a lot. It’s my dream to be an Environmental Protection Hunter and counterattack the Abyss Race since I was young.”

Duckie: Eh?

Really?

Why did it remember that it took the initiative to receive the power of the abyss?

Eleven cast its gaze at Duckie. It was very normal. Shi Yu purely wanted to have another dream. Calm down.

“Good, good.” President Xing Nan’s eyes lit up. He was actually a genius who wanted to go to the Abyss Battlefield.

That was even rarer.

After all, the battlefield where the Dark King Army fought was extremely dangerous. Not everyone from the Environmental Protection Association was willing to fight on the battlefield.

Usually, those members of the Environmental Protection Association who were willing to go to the battlefield to fight had another name, Environmental Protection Hunter.

Shi Yu had the intention to go to the battlefield, so it was even more worth absorbing. The various environmental associations lacked such ambitious people.

“Young man, not bad. Your courage is commendable.” The surrounding divine-level cleansing masters also smiled and nodded.

“Alright, Master Adolf, please arrange for him to join the association again,” President Xing Nan said. “After joining the Environmental Protection Association, you can call yourself a ‘purifier’. I’ll give you a purifier license. Moreover, according to the different purifying abilities, I’ll arrange different benefits for you. Shi Yu, right? With the purifying level of your Abyss Duck, you can probably become a one-star purifier.”

“As for the assessment, there’s no need.”

Shi Yu’s Abyss Duck could even suppress the power of the abyss at that level. In President Xing Nan’s opinion, it was more than enough to become a one-star purifier.

In the Environmental Protection Association, for example, the power of the abyss that could cleanse the overlord-level power of the abyss could be called a trainee purifier.

Those that could cleanse the power of the abyss at the demigod level would be called a one-star purifier.

Those that could cleanse the power of the divine-level abyss would be called a two-star purifier.

The highest was a three-star purifier that could cleanse the power of the abyss at the super divine level.

Typically, at this level, only super divine beings who were masters of purification, as well as divine-level beings who possessed the abilities of Beast Tamers through racial talents, combined with various means, could achieve it at the peak of divine-level purification life forms.

The basic requirement of the branch presidents of the Environmental Protection Associations of the various first-level realms was to be a three-star cleanser.

“Well, President,” Shi Yu whispered after President Xing Nan finished speaking.

A one-star purifier… How poor were the benefits?

He didn’t join the Environmental Protection Association for the treatment of one-star, but… three-star!

“Why don’t I take the assessment? I want to participate in the three-star purifier assessment,” Shi Yu said.

“What did you say?” Master Adolf was stunned.

President Xing Nan originally wanted to leave, but when he heard that, he immediately stopped in his tracks. He turned around and looked at Shi Yu. “You just said that you want to participate in the three-star purifier assessment?”

As Shi Yu finished speaking, the purifiers present were speechless. Xia Zhichun, who wasn’t far from Shi Yu, widened his eyes even more and suspected that there was something wrong with his ears.

“Do you know what a three-star purifier represents?” The corners of President Xing Nan’s mouth twitched as he asked.

“It’s not impossible for your Abyss Duck to barely try the two-star purifier assessment, but three-star requires the ability to cleanse the power of the super divine level abyss!!”

Shi Yu nodded and said, “I know. Before coming to the assessment, I’ve done sufficient investigation. I think we have this ability now. That super divine Eye of the Evil God was cleansed by us. Therefore, I still want to give it a try.”

President Xing Nan: “?”

Master Adolf and the other divine-level purifiers:???

Huh?

What did Shi Yu just say? The super divine Eye of the Evil God was cleansed by them?

Wasn’t it the Floating Realm Master who used his connections to find someone he knew to cleanse it?

“Impossible.” The middle-aged beautiful woman, President Xing Nan, stared at Shi Yu decisively and said, “If you want to cleanse the power of the abyss at the super divine level, even if you use various favorable conditions, you have to at least have the strength of a top-notch Divine Realm.”