Chapter 1346 - 1346 Sword Bird (2)

1346 Sword Bird (2)

This situation wasn’t rare. Even a school and a professional could snatch outstanding students, let alone organizations like the Disaster Research Institute and the Environmental Protection Association…

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“No problem. I’ve always…” Dr. Lei Nuo agreed with a smile, but suddenly, his smile stopped. He widened his eyes and looked at the Space Emperor, Shi Yu, and the others in shock, even more so than when he learned that Ling had mastered the prototype of a divine-level intelligence.

“Pfft… What did you say?!!”

…

Next, Shi Yu’s cultivation life in the Blue Wave Domain officially began. With the goal of the God Sealing Battle, Shi Yu planned to let Ling learn from the Disaster Research Institute first and undergo its own upgrade and modification to become a cosmic life form that could adapt to the cosmic storm.

As for Susu, it helped cleanse the pollution source to earn money from the Environmental Protection Association and buy resources to feedback to the entire team.

In addition, Baby Ginseng was developing the cultivation fruit. As for Shi Yu himself, he planned to temporarily lean the cultivation focus on Eleven and Chi Tong.

Although their current pile of skills was very powerful, they would definitely be stronger after fusion.

However, before that, Shi Yu first taught the skills he had replicated in the arena to his pets.

The quasi-divine skills [Sun Disaster] and [Sun Meteorite] were taught to Little Ji.

Moreover, after fusing [Clear Sky] into the [Sun Disaster], nothing happened.

After fusing the [Super Heavy Sword] into the [Gravity Control], nothing happened.

Only when it fused the [Space Splitting Sword] into the [Sun Meteorite] did some changes happen.

The [Sun Meteorite] skill had been fused and upgraded to the [Sun Meteorite Sword]. The original effect of the Sun Meteorite was to burn its life force and create a weapon that fell from the sun. Now, it had become that if the condensed weapon was a sword-type arms, its power would slightly increase compared to other Arms.

At this point, Little Ji’s skill page became even richer, directly possessing five quasi-divine skills!

[Race Skill]

“Super Level”: Lava Explosion (transcendent), Gravity Control (transcendent)

“Quasi God-level”: Cataclysm (Expert+11), Earth Control (Proficient), Destruction Body (Proficient), Sun Meteorite Sword (Initiate), Sun Disaster (Initiate)

After that, Shi Yu threw Little Ji to the side and let it fight Duckie.

Although the two of them still had a few super skills that had yet to be raised to the quasi-divine skill stage and the quasi-divine skills weren’t at their peak, Shi Yu had already invested a lot of energy in them recently.

It was time to increase the battle power of Eleven, Buggy, Chi Tong, and the others in Team One. As for Little Ji and Duckie, he would care about them in the end…

Then, Shi Yu taught Eleven the four light-element quasi-divine skills that he had replicated: [Lightspeed Fist], [Holy Light Divine Healing], [Light Interlocking], and [Star God Cannon].

Moreover, it successfully fused the four skills into a high-level quasi-divine skill, [Light Control].

This way, Eleven’s battle power increased greatly again.

However, teaching six quasi-divine skills in a row and undergoing skill fusion made Shi Yu’s already undesirable state even worse…

Of course, this wasn’t the most important thing. Most importantly, the development resources of the cultivation fruit Ling bought had finally arrived today. This made Shi Yu a little sad. This was good. When he developed the cultivation fruit and slept later, he finally didn’t have to waste time. He could automatically cultivate!

The person who sent the resources this time was still someone he knew. It was President Xing Nan.

This was because after Ling bought it, the goods weren’t sent to them for a long time, almost making Shi Yu anxious to death. Only then did he ask President Xing Nan to see what was going on.

Outside the mystic realm villa, President Xing Nan came to visit.

“Shi Yu, the resources you want have arrived.”

“Sorry for the wait. There are a few things that the Blue Wave World doesn’t produce, and the place of production isn’t close to the Blue Wave World. However, its speed is indeed a little slow. If there’s such a thing next time, just tell me.”

“It’s alright, it’s good that you’re here. Thank you, President Xing Nan.” After Shi Yu received President Xing Nan, he took the package gratefully. At this moment, President Xing Nan asked curiously, “Did you buy these with your initial points? They seem to be resources to nurture cultivation spiritual plants?”

“You also have research in this area?”

Shi Yu smiled and said, “Yes, I’ve studied it a little…”

“I didn’t expect it.” President Xing Nan smiled and said, “I have a pretty good relationship with the president of the Plant Association of the Blue Wave Realm. If you have any problems, I can introduce you to him. Because the master of the Blue Wave Realm is a plant-element super divine life form, our realm’s attainments in this aspect are also at the top of many first-level realms. The basic problems should be able to help you solve them…”

“If I have any difficulties, I’ll look for you immediately,” Shi Yu said. Plant Association… He knew that to put it bluntly, it was an official association established by the plant races on World King Planet. It was mainly in charge of the research of the spiritual plants and divine plants on World King Planet. At the moment, more than 90% of the rare divine fruits and special plant-type resources on World King Planet were cultivated here.

“Alright… But don’t forget to cultivate.” Before leaving, President Xing Nan didn’t forget to remind Shi Yu to cultivate his cleansing ability…

She had also received orders from President Bing Ling at the headquarters to nurture Shi Yu well.

If Shi Yu went to the headquarters and she didn’t have any cleansing ability, she would definitely be held accountable…

“…” After President Xing Nan bid farewell, Shi Yu immediately gave the pile of fertilizer he had bought to Baby Ginseng. Why would he ask the Plant Association for help? He would put it away first. With the skill teaching process, Baby Ginseng shouldn’t be stuck in research and not be able to produce cultivation fruits.