Chapter 1343 - 1343 I Have A Hundred Million Dreams (2)

1343 I Have a Hundred Million Dreams (2)

“I understand.” Shi Yu nodded and said, “I have the same intention. It’s also convenient to participate in the God Sealing Battle if I stay here for the time being.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The Space Emperor smiled, but in the next moment, he looked at Shi Yu’s expression and said, “Why do you look so weak like Lin Feng?”

“Uh, is that so?” Shi Yu said. “Perhaps it’s because I consumed too much energy to use my Beast Taming ability… It’s alright, I’ll be fine in a while.”

The Space Emperor pondered for a moment. “It’s good that you’re fine. From the looks of it, you haven’t gone to the disaster research institute, right? Are you free now? I’ll bring you over to take a look. It’s just nice to meet an old friend of mine.”

“Yes.” Shi Yu was stunned and immediately said, “I indeed haven’t had time to go.”

“Alright, then follow me,” the Space Emperor said. Since Shi Yu wanted to stay in the Blue Wave World to cultivate, he had to personally ask these old friends to take care of Shi Yu more.

Soon, Shi Yu, who had packed up, followed the Space Emperor to the Space Disaster Research Institute of the Blue Wave Domain. The Space Disaster Research Institute was also an official organization similar to the Environmental Protection Association. There were all kinds of first-level domains. For the factions on the World King Planet, starry sky navigation was a common occurrence. This way, it was inevitable that they would encounter many cosmic disasters. As for how to avoid and crack these disasters, it was the research topic of a bunch of researchers from the Space Disaster Research Institute.

Generally speaking, many large factions would hire one or two disaster researchers to travel with them on interstellar voyages to avoid any accidents.

The Space Emperor and the director of the Space Disaster Research Institute of the Blue Wave World were friends. The reason why Zi Lan and the other five could successfully encounter the Starry Sky Storm and only one person died was because the other four successfully escaped the disaster. Apart from being lucky to be on the verge of the disaster, it was also because they had obtained much emergency equipment from the Space Disaster Research Institute before leaving.

…

In a technologically advanced white building complex in Blue Wave City, the Space Emperor and Shi Yu were waiting outside the door. Eleven lay on Shi Yu’s shoulder and looked around. Ling, who had turned into a bracelet, was also paying attention to its surroundings at all times.

It knew that if it wanted to obtain strength next, the opportunity might be here. Perhaps the mechanical materials needed to transform itself into a cosmic mechanical life form could only be bought here. After looking at the channels of the Environmental Protection Association in Sky City, Ling wasn’t very satisfied.

“Wang Kong…” Shi Yu and the others didn’t wait long. Soon, in the research institute building complex, a middle-aged man in a white coat with a brown mustache walked out. He laughed and said, “Old Wang, why are you suddenly free to come to my side?”

“Old Lei, can’t I come and see you?” The Space Emperor smiled and said, “I didn’t disturb you, right?”

“Of course not, but you definitely didn’t just come to see me, right?” The Western-looking middle-aged man named Old Lei looked at Shi Yu and said, “He’s the junior you contacted me previously and said that he wanted to send him to my research institute to study for a period of time?”

“Yeah,” the Space Emperor said. “His name is Shi Yu.”

Shi Yu said, “Hello, Dr. Lei Nuo.”

Dr. Lei Nuo smiled and said, “Hello, Wang Kong, didn’t you say that he would come over himself? Why did it become you bringing him over again?”

The Space Emperor said helplessly, “Plans can’t keep up with changes…”

“Let’s talk inside,” Dr. Lei Nuo invited. “I’ve prepared drinks and snacks.”

“Alright.” The Space Emperor nodded. Then, the three of them walked into the research institute. After arriving at the luxurious living room, they chatted again.

“We haven’t seen each other for more than ten years, right? Speaking of which, who is this person to you?” Dr. Lei Nuo sat in his seat with his legs crossed. He blew the magma water, and looked at the Space Emperor and Shi Yu.

“You guys drink too. Drink more magma. It’s good for your body.”

Shi Yu looked at the red, unknown liquid on the table. He could confirm that this wasn’t the magma he understood. It should really be drinkable?

“A genius junior fetched from the mother planet,” the Space Emperor said.

Dr. Lei Nuo said in surprise, “You guys succeeded.”

“But little kid, how did you think of coming to the disaster research institute to study? It’s not that easy to study here.”

Shi Yu said cautiously, “Dr. Lei Nuo, I’ve been very playful since I was young. I like to travel everywhere and have the dream of traveling to every corner. After coming out of my mother planet, I was even infinitely curious about the starry sky of the universe and wanted to start a new trip in the starry sky of the universe. However, the universe is really too dangerous. I understand that messing around without a certain foundation is no different from tempting fate. Therefore, my dream is to first become an outstanding cosmic disaster researcher. Well, with my pet.”

The Space Emperor fell into deep thought at the side. So, this was the reason why Shi Yu wanted his pet to learn the Starry Sky Storm? As an archeologist, Shi Yu indeed had to go to archeology. Perhaps Shi Yu had seen the genius of the Kirin Race die in the Starry Sky Storm and had the thought of understanding the cosmic disaster first?

So that was the case. At this moment, the Space Emperor was actually a little gratified. At least, Shi Yu wasn’t a reckless person who ignored danger. He knew that it was very good to be afraid of the universe. It could greatly increase his survival rate.

“Haha, I see.” At this moment, when Dr. Lei Nuo heard Shi Yu’s dream, he also smiled and said, “Because we like to travel everywhere and are filled with endless curiosity about the cosmic starry sky, we want to become an outstanding cosmic disaster researcher first? I have to say, your train of thought is right. Our cosmic disaster researcher is an indispensable member of the cosmic fleet of the various realms.”