Chapter 1349 - 1349 Ranking Battle Of All Races (2)

1349 Ranking Battle of All Races (2)

This Iron-eating Beast was most likely a divine-level race. In the long life of the divine race, four years old was really a cub among cubs.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

It was really a child?

In fact, it wasn’t even as old as her? She was already 25 years old!

“Four… four years old…” Fang Qin was stunned.

“Sob… (So I’m not five yet?)” Eleven fell into deep thought, but it felt like it should be soon.

“Ji!! (Can you test it for me too?)” Buggy looked at the test paper in curiosity. Now… was it four or three years old? It had forgotten if it had celebrated its birthday!

“Sure, sure. The test paper can be used repeatedly.” The staff handed the life test paper to Buggy again. In the next moment, after Buggy finished testing, Fang Qin was stunned again.

One of the four red bars was missing…

Three, three years old…

She looked at Eleven and Buggy ridiculously. So whose “children” were these two? Wait, could it be that the test paper was spoilt?

…

The ranking battles of all races below the divine level were all carried out offline. The so-called offline battles were carried out in the various realms and the real world of World King Star.

As for battles above the divine level, they would be carried out in the online space. One could enter the [Second World] from the entrances of the various first-level realms. The [Second World] was a world specially opened by the World King Planet for battle.

It could be seen that a super big arena, be it the ranking battle of all races or the God Sealing Battle, would be carried out in the [Second World].

The reason why Shi Yu said that it was easier to fight God Sealing Battles in the Blue Wave World was because there was no Teleportation entrance to the second world in the Floating Realm at all. Only first-level realms existed.

At this moment, after registering, Eleven began to take the battle certificate and follow Buggy to find an opponent that matched it.

In the Myriad Region, space overlapped. There were many teleportation arrays and many miles of space. Eleven felt a headache, making Buggy extremely smug. Fortunately, it came with Eleven. Otherwise, the leader would definitely get lost!!

“Ji…!!” Under Buggy’s lead, Eleven finally found the so-called battlefield number 4399.

At this moment, on the battlefield, a pair of partners had been waiting for a long time. It was a human young man and a huge dragon with two jaws filled with teeth, a raised horn crown, and green plants growing all over its body.

“Roar!! (Looks like the opponent is here.)” The green dragon saw Eleven and Buggy coming in from the entrance to fight on the battlefield and said.

“Yeah.” The young man in the dark green trench coat also looked over and frowned. Seeing that it wasn’t a combination of humans and cosmic life forms, but strange bears and bugs, he couldn’t help but fall into deep thought.

Just as Eleven and Buggy were looking at the young man and the green dragon opposite them, a robot suddenly flew out from the side of the open-air battlefield. “Detected that the two parties have arrived. Please head to the arena. I’ll be the judge next.”

“This is a positioning competition. Newbie, representative of the Iron-eating Beast Race, Eleven, ranked 9212th among the myriad races in the starry sky, representative of the Blue Wave Green Dragon Race, Gorka.”

“Why is it a positioning competition?” Upon hearing the battle information reported by the referee robot of the Myriad Races Committee, the young man was speechless.

“Roar.” The green dragon also shook its head with a bored expression.

Even if they won the positioning competition, the points added would be very little. Moreover, the opponents were usually very weak and couldn’t have any training effects.

“Gorka, end the battle quickly and start a battle,” the young man said to his contracted green dragon.

“Roar. (I understand.)” The green dragon spread its leaf-like wings and flew to the arena. Its green eyes looked at Eleven and Buggy.

“Ji!!” At the same time, Buggy at the entrance congratulated Eleven.

Their luck was pretty good. The opponent of the positioning competition was actually matched with a race ranked in the top 10,000 of the cosmic races. If they won, their initial ranking would definitely not be low!

The Blue Wave Green Dragon in front of him was definitely not the strongest expert of the Blue Wave Green Dragon Race. It should be a junior member of the Blue Wave Green Dragon Race. Usually, the strongest experts in this race ranked in the top ten thousand of the myriad races were basically outstanding among top-notch Divine Realm experts. Moreover, there were divine-level experts everywhere in the race. Otherwise, it was impossible for them to reach this ranking.

“Wu wu wu! (Yay.)” At this moment, Eleven also walked to the arena happily. Buggy crawled to the green dragon’s contractor and asked, “Ji ji…”

“Ji!! (Hello, are you this big guy’s Beast Tamer?)” Buggy asked.

“What are you doing?” The young man looked at the worm in front of him with a dark expression.

Buggy said in the universal language, “I’m the guardian worm of that Iron-eating Beast. I’m very happy to fight you.”

“You won’t be happy later.”

At that moment, the contractor of the Blue Wave Green Dragon confirmed again that the opponent was a newbie. Usually, relatively powerful gods would form an alliance with suitable human families and let them sign an equal contract with the cubs of their race to grow together.

Not only was this black and white bear called the Iron-eating Beast a new race in the ranking battle of all races, but it also didn’t have a human partner who came with it. Instead, it was protected by a green worm. What was going on?

“You guys are unlucky.” The young man crossed his arms and looked at the arena.

The ranking battle of all races was different from the God Sealing Battle. Humans weren’t allowed to interfere in the battle between contracted pets. If humans wanted to participate, they had to register themselves and represent humans in the battle. At the same time, they couldn’t use the power of their pets and could only fight themselves.