Chapter 1340 - 1340 Making Me Stronger (4)

1340 Making Me Stronger (4)

“Do you know why the Environmental Protection Association cares so much about cleansing star spirits? Why can every cleansing star spirit at least grow to a top-notch divine level, or even to a super divine level?”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Because… of the Infinite Purification ability?” Shi Yu said.

“Yes!” President Xing Nan said, “Our World King Planet fights the Dark King Army under the Dark King all year round.”

“The soldiers of the Dark King Army are all from the Yun Race, the Yi Race, the Abyss Race, and the others you’re familiar with. These races are mobile pollution sources themselves. Not only will their power pollute life, but it will also pollute resources, planets, and the starry sky, and the pollution is very strong.”

“Therefore, a purifier is an indispensable profession on the World King Planet.”

“In every battle with the Dark King Army, we can seize many contaminated resources. These resources are basically handed to the purifiers to cleanse before being thrown into the market.”

“Some powerful purifiers will also be invited to cleanse the planet after the battle.”

“And the purifiers helping cleanse items aren’t free. They can charge a certain fee according to the difficulty of cleansing and then obtain benefits.”

“Although ordinary purifiers collect fees, they will also consume energy and need to be replenished. However, for the cleansing star spirit with unlimited cleansing power, no matter what it cleanses, there will be no substantial consumption at all. Therefore, the cleansing star spirits can obtain a large amount of remuneration through the cleansing work at all times.”

“Exchanging these rewards for growth resources, even if you use a pile of resources, the cleansing star spirit that isn’t good at battle can also obtain very strong battle power and increase to a very high level.”

“Now, you have the ability to cleanse the super divine pollution source. And do you know that I’m the only one in the entire Blue Wave World who has the ability to cleanse the super divine pollution source? Moreover, every cleansing requires a long time and a huge amount of consumption. Of course, the remuneration you can obtain every time is also very huge, but for you, there’s no need to consider all of this. Therefore, with just a little time, you can obtain a large number of divine-level resources. There’s no more cost-effective deal than this. Therefore, you know now how smooth your next path will be, right?” President Xing Nan said enviously.

Shi Yu understood. Wasn’t it just legal freeloading of the power of the starry sky to obtain excessive resources?

He often did similar things on Blue Planet!

He was very familiar with it.

“The basic quests of the Environmental Protection Association are nothing to you. You can completely cleanse the pollutants continuously. This way, it’s equivalent to having an endless supply of resources.”

“Now that you’ve become a three-star purifier and the vice president of the Blue Wave Association, your greatest advantage is actually that you can legitimately come into contact with many divine and super divine level pollutants.”

At this moment, after hearing President Xing Nan’s words, Shi Yu’s eyes lit up as he looked at Susu.

Although he couldn’t use the Star Sea Contract to add points, it didn’t seem bad to be able to use the Star Sea Contract to cleanse the pollution source and obtain a large amount of rewards.

This was also part of maintaining the environment of the sea of stars!

“I’ll work hard.” Shi Yu was full of energy. He didn’t expect to find a job on the World King Planet so quickly.

It was a pity that Teacher Cat didn’t follow. This place was filled with opportunities. What was so fun about staying on Blue Planet?

“Ning!! Ning!!” Susu was also eager to give it a try. Daily cleansing of the pollution source was definitely a very boring job for other pets, but after Susu heard that, it was very excited.

Wasn’t this much more interesting than Chi Tong’s sister watching dramas every day??

Not only could it earn money to subsidize the family, but it could also protect the star sea environment. It could also take the opportunity to train its skill proficiency. It was simply killing three birds with one stone.

“As long as you make a decision, leave the search for a large number of pollutants to the Blue Wave Association.” President Xing Nan’s smile became even wider.

Why was she in such a hurry to tie Shi Yu to the Blue Wave Association through the position of vice president?

It was all because this way, the additional pollutants cleansed by Shi Yu could also be considered the performance of the Blue Wave Branch…

This way, the performance of the Blue Wave Environmental Protection Association wouldn’t be ranked at the bottom of the various environmental branches every year.

President Xing Nan and Shi Yu looked at each other. The two of them understood that this was a win-win situation.

President Xing Nan smiled. The other branches would probably be so envious that their mucus would flow out.

“Apart from that, there’s also this.” President Xing Nan took out a tool that looked like a crystal ball and said, “This is the cultivation method of the ‘Cleansing Enhancement Talent’ and the ‘Cleansing Hand’. I wonder if you’ve cultivated it.”

“No…” Shi Yu took a look and said after hesitation.

At the moment, he had only cultivated telepathy (Psychic Domain, Psychic Resonance), Space Strengthening Talent, Body Control Talent, Fusion Talent, Time Strengthening Talent. Well… Psychic Power could barely be considered one. After all, it could strengthen mental strength.

“I knew it,” President Xing Nan said. “The Cleansing Enhancement Talent can allow you to increase the strength of the pet’s cleansing skill. As for the Cleansing Hand, it can allow you to cultivate the cleansing ability yourself. If you encounter any powerful pollution source in the future that causes you to suffer a backlash through the contract, these things are life-saving abilities. There’s no harm in cultivating them.”

She put down the crystal ball, hoping that Shi Yu could wholeheartedly develop his purifier profession.