Chapter 1341 - 1341 Making Me Stronger (5)

1341 Making Me Stronger (5)

“Well… If you have spare energy, it’s best to cultivate even the water-element strengthening talent.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Alright…” Shi Yu smiled bitterly. F*ck, why couldn’t the skill index give him more points?

Now that he had a pile of talent abilities and had to meditate, he already had a headache.

Why did he have to learn his Beast Taming Talent again after joining an Environmental Protection Association and becoming the vice president…

It looked like he had to quickly develop resources that could automatically cultivate…

Even if the success rate was extremely low, he had to deduce it for Baby Ginseng quickly. Otherwise, he couldn’t live like this anymore.

“I’ll take the time to cultivate.” Shi Yu took the crystal ball and said, “President Xing Nan, is there anything else you need?”

“Don’t worry, there are still some things to explain.”

“This is for you.” At this moment, President Xing Nan took out an identity card and said, “This is an identity card representing you as the vice president of the Blue Wave Environmental Protection Association. In the Blue Wave World, you can use it in many places. Take it and put it away.”

“At the same time, you can also use this identity card to log into the Environmental Protection Association’s official website and buy the resources you need.”

“As a three-star purifier, you should have a lot of initial cleansing points. With your current points, they should be enough for you to exchange for a resource that exceeds divine quality.”

“Really?” When President Xing Nan finished speaking, Shi Yu’s eyes immediately lit up. Didn’t he join the Environmental Protection Association for this?

“Yes.” President Xing Nan smiled and said, “But speaking of which, I noticed just now that you contracted a lot of pets, right?”

She looked at Eleven, Susu, Duckie, and even Ling’s clone on Shi Yu’s wrist.

“Yes,” Shi Yu said. “What’s wrong?”

“It’s nothing.” President Xing Nan smiled and said, “It’s just that this situation is very rare, but the world overlords of your Floating Realm are the same. It should be a tradition on your mother planet, right?”

“On World King Planet, there aren’t many Beast Tamers who contract multiple pets.”

Shi Yu smiled and said, “Well, it’s a tradition over there, but I still like this model.”

There were pros and cons to contracting multiple pets. For example, Shi Yu’s current Beast Taming Space could originally provide 100 growth nutrients to pets. If he only contracted Eleven, Eleven could enjoy these 100 growth nutrients alone or even more.

But now, only more than ten pets could split the 100 nutrients equally. Moreover, Beast Tamers had to prepare more growth resources. With one pet, it was too easy to drag down a Beast Tamer. However, Shi Yu had added points, so this impact was negligible.

Contracting so many pets with different abilities could increase his efficiency in adding points.

Moreover, it was too lonely to only contract one pet. Shi Yu had transmigrated himself and was an orphan to begin with. With so many pets contracted, they were considered his family. Naturally, it would be more lively if there were more of them.

As if he could tell that Shi Yu was very satisfied with the current model, President Xing Nan didn’t say much. She only smiled and said, “In that case, I won’t disturb you anymore. You can familiarize yourself first. Just look for me if you need anything.”

As a purifier, it was also good to contract two more pets. After all, pets that were experts in the power of cleansing were basically not very good at battle. Coupled with a pet that was an expert in battle, it was a perfect match.

“Lastly, if there’s nothing urgent, you can stay in the Blue Wave Realm for a longer time. The cultivation environment here is still relatively good compared to the Floating Realm. It’s more suitable for you to cultivate. I’ll talk to the Floating Realm Master about the Floating Realm,” President Xing Nan said before leaving.

“No problem,” Shi Yu said with a nod.

He originally planned to stay in the Blue Wave World for a while longer. The Environmental Protection Association was only one of his goals. Next, he still had to take the time to go to the Cosmic Disaster Research Institute to take a look and find a way to learn powerful skills there!

In addition, there were definitely more powerful lives and top-notch skills in the Blue Wave Domain than in the second-level Floating Realm. Shi Yu planned to replicate more Skills here to prepare for the God Sealing Battle ten months later.

Moreover, the God Sealing Battle could only be registered and participated in at the first-level domain. Next, he would probably spend more days in the Blue Wave Domain than in Sky City.

“President, I’ll send you off.” Then, after explaining what to do, President Xing Nan left.

After Shi Yu sent the other party away, he looked at the talent crystal ball and identity card sent by the other party and fell into deep thought.

“Sob, sob.” After the guest left, the pets became active again.

When Shi Yu heard the pets’ cries, he nodded.

“Ling, log onto the Environmental Protection Association’s official website and see what good things are here first.”

“Roger.” Ling’s main body gradually fused with its clone. After taking out the identity card, it projected a virtual screen in midair.

Then, Shi Yu, Eleven, Susu, Duckie, and the others widened their eyes and looked.

However, as he watched, he fell into deep thought.

“This isn’t bad…”

“That’s not bad either.”

“Why don’t I buy this first…”

“Quack!! (Quack wants this!!)”

Soon, Ling closed the projection and said, “Master, I suggest you deduce the skills you need first. Skill learning might involve a lot of materials. Think of what you need before you find resources, and your thoughts will be clearer than now. Otherwise, you guys… want everything.”

It sighed. Even if it was rich, it couldn’t help but be picky like this.

Shi Yu, who was leaning on the sofa, also had difficulty choosing. When he heard Ling’s words, he scratched his messy hair and looked at the evil talent crystal ball. He sighed.

“That’s true.”

“Let’s deduce the cultivation fruit first. The first Beast Taming Space is still quite far from Level 10, and the second Beast Taming Space hasn’t reached Level 9. There’s still a pile of talent that hasn’t been cultivated. Ah, it’s so annoying.”

Eleven shrugged.

Forgive it for being helpless and unable to cultivate for Shi Yu.

“Ning…” Susu also sighed.

Although Susu wanted to help Shi Yu cleanse his laziness, Shi Yu rejected it forcefully.

For Shi Yu, he would rather think of a way to rely on things like the cultivation fruit to take advantage of the situation than become a cultivation maniac. It was too scary.

Under Ling’s suggestion, the goal was to deduce the cultivation fruit first. Shi Yu immediately brought his pets to Little Zi’s inner world, the Star Continent.

Star Continent, Baby Ginseng Research Institute.

“Yiya…” Baby Ginseng, who was wearing a white coat, looked at the menacing Shi Yu with a cold expression.

Had this day finally come?

As expected, Shi Yu’s laziness was the best nutrition for its growth and strengthening.

Although the cultivation fruit might not be a battle skill, it should more or less be able to lead to its growth.

“Baby Ginseng, come, deduce the cultivation fruit,” Shi Yu said casually after arriving.

At the same time, he started to call his friends and pets who should be called over to support.

[Contract Pet]: Baby Ginseng

[Skill Effect]: It can create a special fruit that can allow the user to automatically meditate and cultivate without any burden when sleeping after eating it to increase the level of the Beast Tamer.

[Deduction success rate]: Extremely low

[Deduction Risk]: Extremely high

[Do you want to continue deducing?]

Shi Yu opened the Skill Deduction interface and looked at the skill he had dreamed of again. He swallowed his saliva. However, in order to pursue strictness, he tried a few more times.

For example, changing the practice of automatic meditation during sleep, which carried no load, to enhancing the level and talent of Beast Tamers during sleep.

Oh, the success rate was still extremely low!

For example, [Skill Effect]: It can create a special fruit that can allow the user to directly break through to the divine level after eating it.

But this time, the success rate was zero…

Shi Yu was speechless.

After continuous attempts, Shi Yu finally found the one with the highest cost-effective ratio.

Then, he steeled his heart and looked at Susu and Baby Ginseng. “Charge.”

As long as he succeeded, he, Shi Yu, would increase their points during the day and sleep at night. He would cultivate tirelessly all day and could even level up. He would definitely be invincible!

This was definitely a fruit that was more strategic than the World Tree Fruit which increased comprehension!

Moreover, it could definitely open a huge business market on World King Planet and make a bunch of rich second-generation heirs stomp their feet in surprise.

“Yi!!” “Ning!!” Baby Ginseng and Susu expressed that they should charge.

…

A long time later.

Shi Yu lay weakly in front of the Ginseng Baby Research Institute.

At the same time.

[Deduction successful]

[Exclusive Learning Method]: The first step is to choose the parents’ book [Time Fruit Clone] and [World Tree Fruit Clone] to prepare for hybridization. The parent plant must be produced by the learner himself. The second step… remove the males…

Baby Ginseng’s body tightened.