Chapter 1342 - 1342 I Have A Hundred Million Dreams (1)

1342 I Have a Hundred Million Dreams (1)

“Aba, Aba, Aba…”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

After watching the self-study method of the “Hanging Fruit”, or rather, the “Cultivation Fruit”, Shi Yu and Baby Ginseng fell into deep thought. The familiar yet unfamiliar process made their balls hurt. Shi Yu felt like the biology knowledge he had forgotten from high school was once again parading in front of him, showing off its charm.

To put it bluntly, the entire teaching content was to complete the cultivation of the cultivation fruit through the hybridization of the World Tree Fruit and the Time Fruit. The hybridization process also required the support of various top-notch resources such as memory water drop, azure starlight, and dense aura.

Although he felt that it was ridiculous, when he thought about it carefully, Shi Yu felt that there was still a scientific basis. To put it bluntly, the Cultivation Fruit was to let the body move and cultivate on its own. The Time Fruit that could obtain future power, the World Tree Fruit that could increase comprehension, and the memory water drop that could increase memory ability. When these things were mixed together, wouldn’t it be just nice for the body to form physical memories and cultivate on its own?

Amazing! After careful analysis, that was really possible, but the current pressure was on Baby Ginseng again. Shi Yu looked at the frowning Baby Ginseng. Many pets looked at the frowning Baby Ginseng. A moment later, Baby Ginseng’s expression was determined. In any case, suffering belonged to the clone. Let’s do it!

“Yi!!!” Baby Ginseng patted its chest, indicating that it would leave it to him. Wasn’t it just researching a new plant fruit? It wasn’t a big deal. With its rich experience in researching anti-teammate energy fruits, it was the best at this kind of thing. Now that it had even given the development steps, if it still couldn’t develop it, it wouldn’t be called a research ginseng.

“As expected of you. Fortunately, you attended many classes at Ancient Capital University…” Shi Yu’s eyes were filled with tears.

“Then you guys… work hard?” After the deduction was completed, Shi Yu temporarily didn’t want to care about the follow-up. His eyes were blurry as he said to Secretary Ling, “Ling, you can directly help buy resources from various channels if we don’t have them.”

“If you don’t have enough money or can’t find resources, tell me… Alright, I’m going to sleep first. During the sleep process, Baby Ginseng, Susu, don’t forget to continue healing me…” Shi Yu wasn’t very worried about these two points. It was fine if he lacked rare resources on Blue Planet, but if he didn’t even have them on World King Planet, he would definitely tear down the reputation of World King Planet, the center of the universe.

…

Following that, Shi Yu returned to the vice president’s exclusive, mystic realm villa and fell asleep. There were infusion vines on his body that flickered from time to time, looking very sick.

During this period, Secretary Ling began to silently search for the fertilizer needed for the cultivation fruit. Fortunately, the memory water drop could be created by Susu, so there was no need to find an additional place to buy it. However, seven to eight divine-level resources such as Illuminated Starlight and Enshrouding Breath weren’t cheap. Together, they were even more expensive than super divine resources with low quality. It couldn’t help but make Butler Ling black out.

Fortunately, it could be bought through the channels of the Environmental Protection Association, but unfortunately, not only was the large initial funds Shi Yu had just obtained after joining the Environmental Protection Association insufficient, but he might also have to pay for it out of his own pocket.

“Sigh~” Ling sighed. It looked at the team spending money like water and felt a little heartache. After all, it had yet to find materials to transform itself into a cosmic life form. If it didn’t become a cosmic life form, without the law cosmic storm, it couldn’t bring Shi Yu and the others to sail the starry sky. This was another large sum of money.

It felt that the initial funds Shi Yu obtained from Blue Planet and the Space Emperor might not necessarily all be invested in points. There were still many places to use it… From the looks of it, it had to let Susu work hard!

After an unknown period of time, Shi Yu was shaken awake by Ling. Shi Yu said vaguely, “What’s wrong? Is it time for dinner?”

The white Rubik’s Cube flew in midair. The white-haired loli on the screen said, “No! Senior Space Emperor is here. He’s outside.”

“Oh?? Senior Space Emperor is here?” Shi Yu gradually woke up and rubbed his eyes. However, he was still a little out of breath. After crawling up, he immediately ran to welcome the Space Emperor.

Outside the garden area, the Space Emperor sized up this luxurious mystic realm villa and shook his head secretly. Why didn’t he receive such good treatment when he first came to the universe? First, he was teleported to a war-torn planet and relied on the spatial advantage to survive the war. Then, he experienced thousands of difficulties and dangers and successfully arrived at the World King Planet. It took him another hundred years to stabilize himself…

Compared to the current Shi Yu, the Space Emperor couldn’t help but curse in his heart.

“Senior Space Emperor, why are you here?” Shi Yu asked in surprise after walking out.

“What do you think? You became a three-star purifier and even the vice president of the Blue Wave Environmental Protection Association. Such a big thing happened, and even the Floating Realm was alarmed. How can I not come and take a look?” The Space Emperor said after a moment of silence.

“…Haha, I didn’t expect it either. Isn’t this a coincidence?” Shi Yu scratched his head and smiled. “I came to the right place this time…”

The Space Emperor felt that Shi Yu had benefited and was still pretending to be obedient. He couldn’t help but say, “Alright, I’ve already met and chatted with President Xing Nan. Next, you can cultivate in the Blue Wave World. This opportunity is rare. Seize it. If you become core figures of the Environmental Protection Association in the future, it will be hugely beneficial to Dong Huang and even the entire Blue Planet. Of course, the greatest beneficiary is still yourselves.”

“Countless people dream of such an opportunity.”