Chapter 1345 - 1345 Sword Bird (1)

1345 Sword Bird (1)

[Can you not make promises with deputy directors and vice presidents all the time?]

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

[Even if you want to rope in geniuses, you can’t rope them in like this, right!]

As Dr. Lei Nuo was excited, the Space Emperor beside him couldn’t help but mutter in his heart.

Shi Yu’s advancement was so fast that it would make him, a senior, look very embarrassed.

When the large group from Blue Planet arrived at World King Planet and asked around…

“What?! Shi Yu surpassed the Space Emperor in a month after coming to the World King Planet?”

Even if he didn’t care, what would the juniors of the Wang family think…

“Then Dr. Lei Nuo, thank you for the next period of time.” At this moment, after confirming that he had joined the disaster research institute, Shi Yu was also quite happy.

Very good, this way, he would have another big shot supporting him.

Even if after that, he immorally included all the top 10 of the God Sealing Battle. If someone didn’t like him, they would also take into account these official organizations…

Unfortunately, the person in charge of the disaster research institute wasn’t a rich woman, but an uncle…

“No problem, I wonder what your thoughts are,” Dr. Lei Nuo said.

After Shi Yu and Ling looked at each other, Shi Yu said, “I heard from Senior Space Emperor that the Space Disaster Research Institute has the ability to simulate cosmic disasters…”

“We have an idea. If we can proficiently simulate disasters and ‘master disaster skills’, won’t we not have to worry about encountering disasters in the universe…”

“Before we came to the research institute, we were researching how to learn the ‘Starry Sky Storm’ Skill, but we’ve never had a clue, so we hope to find some inspiration in the disaster research institute.”

“This…” Dr. Lei Nuo was stunned. He was stunned. What, they still wanted to study and learn the Starry Sky Storm?

He had a strange expression and said, “Is that really what you think?”

“Is there anything wrong?” Shi Yu asked.

Dr. Lei Nuo laughed and said, “Not bad, your dream isn’t bad, and you’re ambitious. There’s nothing wrong with that. However, let me tell you, this is very difficult.”

“Ever since our Space Disaster Research Institute was established, there are very few people who can control ‘space disasters’ to a certain extent. Generally speaking, if you master a ‘disaster’, you will have the qualifications to compete for the director of the Space Disaster Research Institute.”

“Not a branch like the Blue Wave World, but the chief of the research headquarters.”

“At the moment, among the nearly 200 disaster research institutes, there are less than ten researchers who have mastered a ‘disaster’. They are all famous gods in the academic and mechanical worlds, so you know the difficulty.”

Shi Yu smiled and said, “This is more interesting. Dr. Lei Nuo, I wonder what disasters the Blue Wave Research Institute can simulate.”

Dr. Lei Nuo said, “You came to the right place. I’m mainly researching the Starry Sky Storm. Although I’m also involved in other disasters, my profession has specializations and I’m greedy. At the moment, the simulation environment of the Starry Sky Storm is the closest to a real disaster in the Blue Wave Research Institute. It’s fine to not talk about anything else. If you want to involve yourself in the future, I can take you to the headquarters or other research institutes to study.”

“Starry Sky Storm…” Shi Yu said, “No problem. We happen to want to study this too.”

While Shi Yu did have an interest in studying various phenomena like black holes, white holes, cosmic tides, and the chilling silence, he knew it would be unwise to spread himself too thin. First, he wanted to tackle the cosmic storm before delving into the rest.

After nibbling this down, he would definitely have a status in the disaster research institute. At that time, it might be easier to directly flirt with other gods who had mastered disasters and directly replicate skills.

“Looks like your communication is pretty smooth.” The corners of the Space Emperor’s mouth twitched. “In that case, I’m relieved.”

“Of course.” Dr. Lei Nuo smiled and looked away. With such a genius assistant, who knew how much the research progress of the Blue Wave Research Institute could increase.

After all, even he hadn’t been able to control the Starry Sky Storm. His progress hadn’t even reached the 60% passing slot line. If he could study it with Shi Yu and gain something, it would be their achievement.

Although he was already a famous researcher, he wouldn’t underestimate such a newbie with really huge potential. Which big boss hadn’t come from the newbie stage?

Even now, he was still surprised. How did Shi Yu nurture such a genius mechanical assistant? Contracting a mechanic was different from contracting other races. On World King Star, the other gods were born into divine-level races. There were many who had multiple quasi-divine skills.

However, there was no such thing as a natural god in the mechanic class. They were all postnatural races. Even the best mechanical life forms only had super skills when they were just born. They didn’t have divine-level intelligence from birth. Any divine skill had to be slowly upgraded the day after tomorrow, so this was also why divine-level intelligence was so rare.

It could be said that in the beginning, mechanical-type pets relied on mechanics to nurture the most. At the same time, after growing up, they were also the race that could help Beast Tamers the most.

Dr. Lei Nuo estimated that Shi Yu had probably spent a lot of effort to nurture such a divine-level mechanical assistant… Shi Yu was so young, so he had probably devoted 99% of his time to mechanic research…

“By the way, Old Lei, let me remind you one last time. If there’s any research that spends a lot of time, it’s best to communicate with Shi Yu in advance. He’s also a three-star purifier of the Environmental Protection Association, the vice president of the Blue Wave Environmental Protection Association. The Environmental Protection Association also takes him very seriously. I’m afraid that you’ll take up too much time here and the Environmental Protection Association will be quite dissatisfied. It won’t be good if President Xing Nan comes to find trouble with you again, haha,” the Space Emperor added. He was very worried that the Disaster Research Institute and the Environmental Protection Association would fight in the direction of cultivation.