Chapter 1348 - 1348 Ranking Battle Of All Races (1)

1348 Ranking Battle of All Races (1)

On World King Planet, there were too many competitions of various sizes. There were even many large competitions of a starry sky nature.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The ranking battle of all races was one of them.

It was organized by the Starry Sky Myriad Races Committee. At all times, it was a peak battle between races in the various first-level realms.

The lowest threshold for participation was the quasi-divine level, which was the totem level. The upper limit of the participation level wasn’t capped.

Among them, the venue of the Myriad Race Ranking Battle in the Blue Wave World was in the Myriad Region of Blue Wave City. After Eleven and Buggy spent a lot of effort to come here, they looked around like country people entering the city.

“Wu wu wu.”

“Ji ji.”

Eleven and Buggy realized that there were too many cosmic life forms everywhere in this area without humans following them.

They didn’t seem to be a strange combination?

One moment, a Space Tree Spirit walked past, and the next moment, a kobold with a gun in its pocket walked past, making Eleven and Buggy especially curious.

As expected of a place for the ranking battle of all races.

The two of them looked at each other and started to head to the registration venue.

…

“Excuse me, do you need any help?” Fang Qin looked at the short black and white Bear Race in front of her and the Green Silkworm hanging on its shoulder and asked.

She was a student who had graduated from the Blue Wave Academy and was currently interning at the Myriad Races Committee… Her job content was to help the new races register for the Myriad Race Ranking Battle.

At this moment, although Eleven, who was more than a meter tall, and the even smaller Buggy looked pretty strange, her good professional attitude still made her speak very respectfully.

Although it looked strange, many big shots had such a hobby. For example, there were many old monsters who had lived for thousands or tens of thousands of years who disguised themselves as cute creatures.

It was also very common for some behemoth-level races to shrink themselves in order to save physical strength.

Therefore, she didn’t make a fuss because Eleven and Buggy looked like cubs.

“Wuu! (I want to register for the ranking battle of all races!)” Eleven said.

“Alright, have you registered your race?” Fang Qin said.

“Wuu. (I don’t know.)”

“Uh, what’s your race name?”

“Sob. (Iron-eating Beast Race-Chaos Panda Evolution Branch.)” Eleven said.

Fang Qin nodded. The smart computer in front of her immediately said, “Search completed, no information.”

“Sorry, neither the Chaos Panda nor the Iron-eating Beast have any registration information. If you want to participate, you might have to register a new one,” Fang Qin said.

Eleven scratched its head. Fortunately, it had already expected this and said, “Sob. (Then let’s register a new one.)”

On his shoulder, Buggy nodded indifferently. Because there were too many life races, the ranking battle of all races could represent the origin race in the battle, or it could also represent the evolution branch race in the battle.

For Eleven, the Iron-eating Beast was its origin race, its source race. For its current individual, the Chaos Panda was its evolution branch race, its current race.

According to their investigation, if they wanted to achieve good results in the ranking battle of all races, they usually used the Origin Race to register and represent the Origin Race to participate. After all, generally speaking, there were more clansmen of the Origin Race. It was easier for everyone to achieve good results if they participated together.

If Eleven used the Chaos Panda to participate, it would definitely be a lone contestant.

Soon, Eleven registered the information.

< Name > Eleven

[Level of Growth]: Quasi Divine

[Belonging Domain]: Floating Realm

[Race Name]: Iron-eating Beast

“As the Iron-eating Beast Race is a newly registered participating race, if another Iron-eating Beast Race registers to participate in the future, it needs to be present with you to undergo the bloodline homology test,” Fang Qin said.

“The first three battles are the positioning competition. They determine the initial race ranking. In addition, if within a certain period of time, your registered race doesn’t have a record of participating in the ranking battle of all races, your race ranking will fall and even be removed.”

“Wu wu wu! (No problem.)” Eleven nodded.

“Next, we still need to test your age. Age is also an important reference criteria for calculating the ranking after every battle. Of course, we can also not test it. That way, the system will calculate according to the lowest weight,” the staff member, Fang Qin, said.

“Wuu. (Calculate it.)” Eleven didn’t refuse anyone. Since it wanted to fight for a high ranking, it naturally had to follow the easiest way.

From the looks of it, the other party meant that the younger one was, the higher their battle power. This meant that their race was stronger. Although Eleven felt that it was no longer a child, compared to seniors like the Dragon God, the gem cat, and the owl, it should still be considered young!

“Alright, this is a life test paper. You just have to input a trace of energy.” Fang Qin took out a white test paper and handed it to Eleven.

Eleven, who was sitting on a chair, took the test paper from the counter and inputted energy. This was the first time it had seen such a high-tech thing. Could this be used to measure age?

Eleven followed the other party’s request and directly inputted energy. In the next moment, four red bars appeared on the white test paper. Seeing this, Eleven looked up in confusion and handed the test paper to the staff.

At this moment, the staff named Fang Qin looked at the test paper in shock and looked at Eleven.

A red bar represented a year old.

So… four years old?

She was stunned.

Even on some low-level planets, ordinary bear races that weren’t transcendent races hadn’t reached adulthood at the age of four, right?