Chapter 1347 - 1347 Sword Bird (3)

1347 Sword Bird (3)

“Yi!!” Outside the Baby Ginseng Research Institute, after obtaining the feed resource, Baby Ginseng was full of energy. It turned around and started working.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

As for Shi Yu, he heaved a sigh of relief and planned to continue fusing skills for his pet. This time, Shi Yu pulled Chi Tong over.

He took a look. Eleven’s pile of skills didn’t have a very high success rate of fusion. Now, Baby Ginseng and Susu should focus on work and couldn’t invest most of their energy in healing him.

He didn’t successfully develop the cultivation fruit either. In his weak state, most of his time would be wasted. Therefore, it was better to fuse it with Eleven after Baby Ginseng succeeded.

On Chi Tong’s side, the success rate of fusion of its pile of skills wasn’t very low.

Therefore, Shi Yu planned to fuse the skill for Chi Tong first.

[Chi Tong]

[Race Skill]

“Super Level”: Interlocking Sword, Sun Flame, Spirit Release, Flame Spirit Sword Body, Myriad Sword Convergence, Phoenix Sword Intent, Star Fire Sword Formation, Curse Flame, Vermillion Bird Divine Fire, Soul Guiding, Sun True Body

“Quasi Divine-level”: Immortal Slaying Sword Formation

[Taught Skill]

“Advanced”: Scapegoat

“Super Level”: Undead Revival, Soul Incarnation

Chi Tong and Eleven were undoubtedly good embryos. They both had skills above super level. One could imagine how powerful these two guys would become after fusing them.

“Are you ready?” Shi Yu looked at the mini sword spirit in his hand and said.

“Mi!!” Chi Tong maintained its sword spirit form and nodded heavily. Although it had many skills, its compatibility was quite high, unlike Eleven, who had various stats such as metal, wood, water, fire, earth, spiritual space, wind, lightning, light, darkness, and darkness. It was messy, and there was no way to fuse it.

“Then let’s do it.” Shi Yu grinned.

[Skill]: Sun Flame, Phoenix Sword Intent, Star Fire Sword Formation, Vermillion Bird Divine Fire, Sun True Body, Soul Incarnation

[Fusion success rate]: Medium

[Fusion Risk]: Medium

Fusion in progress…

[Fusion successful]

It had already fused into [Vermillion Bird Clone].

[Skill]: Vermillion Bird Clone

[Level]: Quasi Divine-level faith skill

< Introduction > Possesses undying faith and self-preservation. The Vermillion Bird clone feeds on the power of the star and masters the sun divine power that can burn stars. The Vermillion Bird Feather can transform into the Vermillion Bird Sword Intent that can cut down stars. Any ability mastered by the Vermillion Bird clone can be strengthened by the power of faith!

Boom!!!

As soon as the skill was successfully fused, the sun flames that filled the sky immediately wrapped around Chi Tong. This fusion didn’t consume much Shi Yu’s strength because the Vermillion Bird clone didn’t have any ridiculous abilities compared to those materials skills.

It was just that compared to the clone he directly created previously, the essence of its life was closer to the Vermillion Bird. Its attributes and potential in various aspects were stronger.

If it was said that the previous Vermillion Bird clone and the current Vermillion Bird clone were fighting for the power of faith of the Vermillion Bird at the same time, then the winner would definitely be the current Vermillion Bird clone.

The current Vermillion Bird clone would also have a higher use of the power of faith. This was very useful on World King Planet. It could save Shi Yu a lot of money. If it were the Vermillion Bird Civil War, Chi Tong’s Vermillion Bird clone wouldn’t be suppressed by the bloodlines of other Vermillion Birds.

“Jiu, Mi!!!” The Sun Flame dissipated. In the sky in front of Shi Yu, a mini Vermillion Bird flew around with a sword in its mouth. It was Chi Tong’s Vermillion Bird clone and main body.

Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh…

The Vermillion Bird clone flew in the sky and turned into a Sword Bird. It felt that if it used the Vermillion Bird Sword Skill in this state, the combination of the two swords would be even stronger.

Using the Interlocking Sword as a container, it integrated the Vermillion Bird Sword Intent and…

Chi Tong was stunned in midair. It realized that there didn’t seem to be any other skills that matched the Vermillion Bird’s sword intent.

“So, it’s not over yet. Don’t be anxious. We’ll come again after I rest.” Shi Yu stretched out his hand and recalled Chi Tong, letting it land in his hand again to plan the next round of fusion.

…

[Skill]: Spirit Release, Curse Flame, Soul Guiding, Flame Spirit Sword Body, Scapegoat, Undead Revival

[Fusion success rate]: Low

[Fusion Risk]: High

Therefore, Shi Yu said that if he liked Chi Tong, be it the previous Vermillion Bird skill or the current undead skill, the compatibility was extraordinary.

“Jiumi~”

After the Vermillion Bird clone and Chi Tong’s main body said that they were ready at the same time, Shi Yu directly fused!

Fusion in progress…

A long time later.

[Fusion successful]

It had already fused into [Death Control].

[Skill]: Death Control

[Level]: Quasi-divine level

< Introduction > It’s in charge of the laws of death and transforms into a death god.

As soon as the fusion ended, not only Chi Tong, but Shi Yu also instantly sank into the world of death until a wisp of death flames was ignited.

The Flame of Death burned all life.

Undead Puppet, Scapegoat.

It could turn undead into nutrients for its own growth, deprive the power of the living and turn them into undead. It could also revive the dead and turn them into creatures.

In the hellish space, Chi Tong slowly opened its eyes and turned into the Death God. The death power that appeared on its body seemed to be able to create an undead disaster at any time.

As soon as this skill fused, Chi Tong’s main body directly underwent a small evolution again. First was the sword in the mouth of the Vermillion Bird clone. Immediately, the power of death spread, turning into a black sword embroidered with fire stripes and into the sword of the Death God.

Secondly, after transforming into the form of a Sword Maiden, Chi Tong’s image also changed completely. The silver armor turned into a black shirt that fluttered in the wind. A black sword was held at its waist, and Chi Tong under its red hair was filled with the charm of death.

“Jiu…” After the Vermillion Bird clone landed on the Sword Maiden’s shoulder, Chi Tong turned to look at Shi Yu and smiled. It said telepathically: “It feels pretty good.”

“Not bad… You’ve become a big sister who can scare children to tears.” Shi Yu sat on the ground and supported his body with both hands. He looked at the even more slender Death God Chi Tong and immediately grinned. Baby Ginseng, Susu, Ling, and the others beside him also blinked at the Death God Chi Tong.

Death Law! Death Control!

Just like the law of life, it was a law divine skill with very extraordinary value. This time, it felt comfortable.

[Race Skill]

“Super Level”: Interlocking Sword (transcendent), Myriad Sword Convergence (transcendent)

“Quasi Divine-level”: Immortal Slaying Sword Formation (Proficient), Death Control (Proficient), Vermillion Bird Clone (Proficient)

In an instant, Chi Tong’s skills immediately became fewer and stronger. Shi Yu said excitedly, “Death and Fire. I still have spatial control here. I’ll teach you later. When the time comes, I’ll replicate another metal control divine skill and see if you can learn it.”

“At that time, with the four quasi-divine skills as fuel and the fusion of the Interlocking Sword, the strengthened Immortal Slaying Sword Formation will definitely be stronger.”

[Alright!!] Chi Tong returned to its Sword Bird form and was very excited. It could finally become stronger!!

“Speaking of which, have Eleven and Buggy set off?” At this moment, Shi Yu suddenly noticed that Eleven wasn’t here. From telepathy, it seemed to be very far away. He couldn’t help but ask.

Ling said, “Yes, Eleven has already set off.”

There was an entrance to participate in the ranking battle of all races in the Blue Wave World. Eleven planned to give it a try before the skill fused to see the strength comparison before and after the strengthening.

Eleven felt that it was no longer a child and didn’t need to trouble Shi Yu for such a small matter. Therefore, it reported and set off on its own, letting Shi Yu and the others wait for the good news…

However, Buggy was worried about Eleven, so it accompanied it.

…

Blue Wave City.

“Wu wu wu!”

A panda cub carrying a backpack and a Green Silkworm on its shoulder looked at the city in front of it and swallowed its saliva. It, Wang Eleven, was here in the ranking battle of all races!

“Ji ji!!! (Eleven, all the best. Beat it until the sky darkens and do the tribulation of the myriad races in the starry sky!!)” Buggy cheered for Eleven.