Chapter 1344 - 1344 I Have A Hundred Million Dreams (3)

1344 I Have a Hundred Million Dreams (3)

“Alright, Old Wang, then I’ll help you. He can stay here and be a trainee disaster researcher first. However, I can’t guarantee that he can teach it how much useful knowledge he can obtain in the end. It still depends on his own hard work.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“No problem, but it’s best if you lead him personally and open up higher information and research rights to him. I know you’re busy, and this doesn’t follow the rules, but he does have talent. On my mother planet, he’s one of the most talented mechanics. In short, if you have any requests, feel free to ask.” The Space Emperor smiled and fought for Shi Yu.

“Uh…” Dr. Lei Nuo was stunned and revealed a difficult expression. Even if he and the Space Emperor had gone through life-and-death, this kind of thing indeed didn’t follow the rules. The information was alright, but some high-level research authority couldn’t be touched casually. If there was an experimental accident, not to mention juniors like Shi Yu, even divine-level experts like them would have to die!

“No, this is a matter of principle,” Dr. Lei Nuo rejected.

“Unless.”

“The mechanical pet he contracted has mastered transcendent super intelligence.”

The Space Emperor was stunned and looked at Shi Yu. He knew that Shi Yu had contracted a mechanical pet, but he didn’t know if Shi Yu’s mechanical pet had transcendent super intelligence.

However, the Space Emperor knew the founder of the mechanic class on Blue Planet, Legendary Z, and the second Mechanical Legendary, Divine Source. The super intelligence they mastered was also a step away from the transcendent level, so the possibility of Shi Yu having it… shouldn’t be high.

Mechanical intelligence skills were very difficult to increase in proficiency. It was much more difficult to increase than battle-type and support-type skills of the same level. The difficulty of increasing them was only inferior to the time-type. After all, such skills could bring too much help to contractors and were suitable for various industries. Moreover, there were no natural races in the mechanic class that had to be nurtured from scratch.

Therefore, transcendent-level super intelligence was comparable to a quasi-divine skill in the universe.

Quasi-divine-level intelligence was comparable to real divine skills with high proficiency in other functions.

As for mechanical lives with perfect divine-level intelligence, their status on World King Planet wasn’t much inferior to other super divine level life forms.

“Kid, what level has its intelligence level reached?” After Dr. Lei Nuo saw a listless black and white panda hanging on Shi Yu’s shoulder, although he was a little suspicious of his identity as a mechanical genius, he also noticed the mechanical life form in Shi Yu’s hand.

At least… there were still mechanical pets.

“Shi Yu, is it enough for the conditions Dr. Lei Nuo mentioned?” the Space Emperor also asked.

Shi Yu fell into deep thought and said, “It’s enough. Moreover, it far exceeds it.”

Dr. Lei Nuo was stunned.

At that moment, Shi Yu raised his wrist slightly, and in the next instant, a holographic projection-like figure appeared. It was an ethereal being dressed in a shipgirl outfit, a girl-like mechanical spirit with long white hair tied into a ponytail that hung naturally, and a single strand of hair sticking up from the top of her head.

After the mechanical spirit, Ling, which was the size of a figurine and only revealed the upper half of its body, appeared, it opened its blue eyes and said, “Dr. Lei Nuo, I’m Master’s mechanical assistant.”

“Oh, oh…” When Dr. Lei Nuo saw Ling, his eyelids suddenly twitched.

As expected, in the next moment, Ling, who continued to talk, began to stimulate Dr. Lei Nuo’s heart with every word. Ling said, “At the moment, I’ve mastered the prototype of a divine skill in high-level computational deduction laws. In the state of the mechanical spirit, I also have almost divine-level mechanical control, so it’s completely no problem for me to participate in the disaster research.”

Divine-level intelligence prototype!

The prototype of a divine-level mechanical control ability!

High-level computational deduction law!

After Ling finished reporting, Dr. Lei Nuo was stunned. He suddenly got up and looked at Shi Yu, Ling, and the Space Emperor.

“Is this for real?”

“Are you sure?”

It wasn’t easy to calculate the prototype of a divine skill, and it was a high-level quality. At the moment, he was the only one in the huge Blue Wave World’s Space Disaster Research Institute who had mastered divine-level intelligence. Shi Yu’s mechanical pet’s intelligence level was no longer inferior to those high-level mechanic researchers.

Moreover, it was the prototype of a divine skill combination of divine-level mechanical control and divine-level intelligence?

At this moment, the Space Emperor was also stunned. He looked at Shi Yu in surprise. Wait a minute, did Shi Yu’s mechanical pets all have the prototype of divine-level intelligence?? Why did it exceed the founder of the Blue Planet’s Mechanic class by two large versions!

Shi Yu was also silent at the side. Wasn’t this all thanks to the skill fusion…

“Wait, I remember that it’s still… the Kirin Beast?” the Space Emperor said.

“Yes, apart from that, I also have the prototype of a high-level divine skill of luck that can increase my research success rate greatly. The combination of the Wind of Blessing and the mechanical spirit can allow me to have research abilities comparable to divine-level intelligence. This is my current basic configuration. Dr. Lei Nuo, don’t worry. We’ll study hard and improve every day,” Ling said seriously and obediently.

In order to prove its words, a wisp of wind of luck condensed in front of it. At the same time, its finger pointed at the nomological ripples. In the next moment, the nomological ripples disintegrated and reconstructed, turning into dense data codes.

Shockingly enough, it could spy on the calculation, analysis, and deduction ability on the law level!

If not for this ability, Ling wouldn’t have been able to help Little Ji master the prototype of a top-notch law through mechanical modification.

This scene made Dr. Lei Nuo, who was beside him, open his mouth slightly and be even more shocked.

“It’s actually true…”

A mechanical life form that had mastered a high-level divine skill of luck and had the prototype of a divine-level intelligence? What kind of ridiculous configuration was this? He looked at the Space Emperor and said, “Old Wang, you’re serious.”

“Do you really plan to let them learn from me??”

He knew that it had only been more than 100 years since his old friend’s mother planet developed someone from the mechanic class. He didn’t have much hope for the mechanic geniuses on this planet at all.

But at this moment, Dr. Lei Nuo could be said to be completely stunned.

With this talent potential, forget about here, even if he went to the headquarters of the Space Disaster Research Institute to further his studies, many doctors stronger than him would fight to take him in as an assistant.

“Isn’t it because I trust you, Old Lei?” At this moment, after hearing Shi Yu’s mechanical pet configuration, the corners of the Space Emperor’s mouth twitched. He knew about the Wind of Blessing, but he really didn’t know about the prototype of divine-level intelligence. And when these two skills were combined, even if they couldn’t compare to the super combination divine skill of the cleansing star spirit, they wouldn’t be much inferior.

Ridiculous. Shi Yu was actually really a seedling of a genius researcher?

“…Cough, cough.” At this moment, Shi Yu was also smiling awkwardly and politely at the side. So, could they come into contact with the disaster simulation device here? It was quite urgent!

“Alright, since you don’t mind, I won’t be polite. Shi Yu, right? Learn well. I’ll do my best to teach you all my abilities. As long as you can learn them, it won’t be a problem to let you be deputy directors. Haha,” Dr. Lei Nuo said happily under the Space Emperor’s extremely strange expression.

Everyone liked geniuses.

Moreover, it was a genius with corresponding dreams. That was even rarer.

Genius mechanics were easy to find, but genius mechanics with the “dream” of becoming outstanding cosmic disaster researchers weren’t easy to find!