Chapter 1351 - 1351 Ranking Battle Of All Races (4)

1351 Ranking Battle of All Races (4)

As long as the Blue Wave Green Dragon endured it, the other party would collapse from exhaustion.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Boom!!!

At this moment, Eleven, who had entered the sharp mode and the state of the Thunder God Armor, had indeed reached the peak of the explosive mode. Under the light lightning reaction with the Light Control, its speed and attack reached a higher peak. It instantly appeared in front of the green dragon with its shocked expression.

“Wuu!!” The green dragon only felt a flash of light in its eyes. With a boom, its wooden armor was shattered by a fist at the speed of light and it was sent flying.

However, the attack power was still not strong enough!

Although it instantly broke through the green dragon’s defense and injured it, under the huge life force, the injuries Eleven dealt to the green dragon’s body recovered visibly. No, it could be said that it instantly recovered!!

“Roar!!! (Come on!!)” The green dragon, which had suddenly stopped, roared loudly. Its warpath was also aroused as it provoked Eleven.

In the next second, an attack that it couldn’t see clearly instantly arrived and hit its head. In an instant, a third of its head disappeared, but it still instantly recovered.

Boom.

Under the infinite light-speed impact, the green dragon directly became a sandbag, a sandbag that could be infinitely reborn. It was beaten up by Eleven.

About a minute later, the green dragon was still unscathed, but Eleven’s attack was still fierce.

This made the young man frown and say, “How is that possible?”

Such an overload eruption, this black and white bear actually lasted for so long??

What he didn’t know was that although it was an overload eruption, Eleven’s divine-level physique was too strong. Its limit was unfathomable. Moreover, the restoration effect brought by the Indestructible Golden Body also made a lot of contributions to Eleven’s explosive endurance.

“Roar!!”

Soon, the green dragon, which had exploded from the beating, finally found an opportunity to transform itself into a poisonous physique through wood control.

Not only did it become a poisonous physique, but poisonous gas also bloomed from its body.

Boom!!!

When Eleven attacked, it was accidentally infected by the toxin.

In the double negative state of overload eruption and poison, the young man lowered his arm. He didn’t believe that this black and white bear still had the strength to turn the situation around.

“Roar!!!” Three minutes later, accompanied by the green dragon’s roar, it finally found the gap in Eleven’s attack. Its dragon tail directly sent Eleven, who had ended its explosive period, flying.

Bang!!!

Eleven was sent flying to the ground. The green dragon was covered in sweat and panted heavily with a look of lingering fear.

This time, although he felt that victory was in his grasp, the young man didn’t dare to talk too early.

“Ji! (Coming.)” Buggy said.

As expected, as Buggy spoke, the young man’s expression changed.

On the arena, Eleven, who should have ended the eruption and entered an enfeebled state, was filled with a monstrous warpath, as if the fire of will had been ignited. An unstoppable wave erupted from its body.

“Roar!!!” Eleven stood up again amidst the roar and activated Impregnable. This was a second explosive skill that could only be activated after entering a near-death state. Under the extremely ridiculous expressions of the young man and the green dragon, Eleven entered an explosive state again. Black and white lightning filled its body, and as if a corpse had come back to life, a Yin Yang Millstone condensed in its hand!!

Boom!!!

Under the obliteration of the terrifying Yin Yang lightning, the toxins on Eleven’s body were directly cleansed. At the same time, Eleven, who had completed its second strengthening through Impregnable and Inner Power and entered a more peak state, instantly crushed the green dragon by a level.

“Roar!!!” Seeing Eleven, who should have been on the verge of death, directly destroy the toxin and stand up again, the green dragon roared in disbelief. At the same time, it felt a strong threat from Eleven.

“What a joke. This is… the prototype of a top-notch divine skill?” The young man’s pupils also constricted. He instantly looked at a light shadow and pressed the Yin Yang Millstone that suddenly appeared on the green dragon’s stomach.

Boom!!!

The strong destructive power directly obliterated the healing effect of the Law of Life. With an incomparable impact, it sent the green dragon flying with a roar. Even its warpath and consciousness were obliterated. In an instant, the green dragon’s eyes turned white, and it fainted. It was sent flying a hundred meters away, drawing an abyss and sending dust flying.

“Wu wu wu!!!” At the same time, Eleven, who had erupted with clueless speed, also fell to the ground like a kite with a broken string.

The young man looked at the unconscious green dragon and Iron-eating Beast and fell into deep thought with an incredulous expression.

However, in the next moment, what made him feel even more ridiculous was that a moment later, the Iron-eating Beast’s body was filled with a shocking warpath again. It dragged its weak body and erupted with an unstoppable force. It looked around to find the enemy. When it saw that the green dragon had completely fallen to the ground, it couldn’t help but heave a sigh of relief. It called Buggy and prepared to leave.

“Ji!! (As expected, the current Eleven is still too weak. It’s already so difficult to fight a plant dragon. It still needs to be strengthened.)” Buggy muttered and crawled away from the young man.

Upon hearing that, the young man widened his eyes.

Say that again?

At the same time, the robot that was the judge finally announced the winner.

At this moment, Eleven and Buggy had already slipped away, leaving the young man looking at the green dragon in confusion.

He suddenly looked in the direction Eleven and Buggy left in. What a joke… Who exactly were these two guys?

He and Gorka were geniuses ranked in the top 500 of the God Sealing Battle!!!

Iron-eating Beast??? What race was this? How could it defeat the Blue Wave Green Dragon among the races in the starry sky!!

“No, I have to find out.”

…

On the other side, in the mystic realm villa, Shi Yu yawned. He sensed that Eleven and the others had already ended and was about to call them back for dinner when Baby Ginseng’s main body suddenly shouted.

“Yi!!! (Shi Yu, the Hanging Fruit has been successfully developed. Hurry up and give it a try!!!)”

“Huh?” Shi Yu instantly forgot about Eleven and Buggy. He immediately ran to Baby Ginseng to take it, and he looked at the golden fruit in Baby Ginseng’s hand.

“Wow.” Shi Yu was instantly attracted by the fruit. His eyes lit up as he said, “Can we eat it now?”

“Yi!!” Baby Ginseng nodded. It could eat, but the taste nature of this fruit was a little difficult to change.

“What do you mean?”

“Yi! (It’s just possible. It doesn’t taste that delicious. It’s very disgusting. The taste is like…)”

“It’s alright, I can still take this little pain.” Shi Yu directly took the fruit and took a bite. In the next moment, his face turned green and purple. After feeling dizzy, he fainted from the smell and entered a cultivation state.

Seeing this, Baby Ginseng looked worried. What should it do? If it wasn’t improved, it wouldn’t be easy to sell.