Chapter 1354 - 1354 Battle God Bear Eleven (3)

1354 Battle God Bear Eleven (3)

Previously, the Floating Realm was only a top-notch expert, but from the looks of it… Director Sen felt that this second-level realm seemed to have to work hard in the younger generation.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

…

On the other side, after an unknown period of time, Shi Yu was still sleeping.

It had been a long time since Shi Yu had slept so soundly.

In Shi Yu’s sleeping state, his second Beast Taming Space suddenly changed with a boom and upgraded.

Little Ji, Duckie, the cat, the turtle, and Little Quas, who had contracted the second Beast Taming Space, were all shocked. They felt the changes in their bodies due to the upgrade of the Beast Taming Space.

“Roar!!!”

“Quack!!” Little Ji and Duckie roared at the sky, very surprised.

After Shi Yu successfully leveled up in his sleep, Little Ji and Duckie immediately spread the news and ran to the towering emperor to thank him crazily.

It hadn’t been a day or two since Shi Yu couldn’t be bothered to cultivate the second Beast Taming Space. At this moment, when they saw Shi Yu eat the fruit created by the towering emperor and successfully upgrade the second Beast Taming Space, Little Ji and Duckie immediately cried.

They… could finally live in a luxurious Beast Taming Space of the same scale as Team One!

Soon, the pets gathered by Shi Yu’s window and surrounded him. They looked at Shi Yu, who was lying on the bed, and whispered to each other.

“I keep feeling that it’s strange,” Ling said.

Why did it look like they were watching a funeral?

Now, Shi Yu had already slept for a week. During this period, Ling had almost completed its research and modification, but he was still sleeping.

However, seeing that Shi Yu was sleeping soundly and that no pet came to disturb Shi Yu, it kept letting him level up in peace.

However, now that Shi Yu had reached Level 9 and his physique had improved greatly, Eleven and the other pets looked at each other and felt that they couldn’t let Shi Yu sleep anymore.

Now, Shi Yu, who was at Level 9, had entered his best state. Next, Eleven and Buggy felt that it was time to pull Shi Yu up and add points to them.

“Wu wu wu!! (Buggy, go.)” Under Eleven’s call, Buggy immediately nodded and entered Shi Yu’s dream. It realized that in the dream, Shi Yu was eating stinky tofu, snail powder, durian, and herring canned food excitedly…

It endured its sympathy and pulled Shi Yu back to the real world from the dream.

“Ugh…” Although Shi Yu had some intermittent dreams, he had rested pretty well. At this moment, he had vaguely recovered his restoration consciousness. After gradually waking up, he felt energetic and slept very well.

“Uh… How long did I sleep?” Shi Yu rubbed his eyes and looked at Eleven and the others who surrounded him.

“Wu wu wu!! (Almost seven days.)”

“So long.” Shi Yu was stunned before reacting. “Wait, I broke through in my second Beast Taming Space?”

Damn, he didn’t even feel anything. He had really fallen asleep!

This worked?

“Roar!!!” “Quack!!” Little Ji and Duckie celebrated happily, indicating that it was true.

Shi Yu immediately got up and looked at Ling. “Ling, did something happen while I was sleeping?”

Ling said, “It’s nothing big. Apart from me, everyone is staying at home obediently. I downloaded a lot of information about the Starry Sky Storm from the Disaster Research Institute and bought a lot of mechanical parts through the channels of the Disaster Research Institute. At the moment, the interior of the mechanical space is undergoing modification. In a few days, the comprehensive modification should be successful and it can evolve into a cosmic life form.”

Shi Yu grabbed the bedsheet and said, “Well done. I originally wanted to help you, but from the looks of it, you’re almost done yourself.”

Ling : “…”

Did it mean that it could increase its own research speed by adding points?

“Didn’t Eleven participate in the ranking battle anymore?” Shi Yu asked Little Eleven. Little Eleven shook its head repeatedly. It didn’t want to fight anymore!!

In this state, it was indeed a little difficult.

It wanted to fight after adding points!!

Eleven clenched its fists with shining eyes.

“Looks like it’s nothing…” Shi Yu sighed and said, “Double Level 9…”

Shi Yu clenched his fists and felt that his physical control talent had also been brought to Level 9. Now, he seemed to be able to control any energy in his Crowd Control body at will.

Including soul power.

It seemed like he could already use his mental strength to form psychic power and use his soul power to attack the soul.

Apart from that, his control over his life form had also reached an unbelievable level. Under Shi Yu’s Crowd Control, he didn’t use Baby Ginseng’s Time Fruit at all. He immediately shrank, and his clothes began to become larger…

In the blink of an eye, Shi Yu turned into a seven or eight-year-old boy through physical control.

“Although its body has become smaller, its appearance is still handsome…” Shi Yu said.

The pets: “?”

“Are Turtle, Little Quas, and Cat around?” Shi Yu dragged his large pajamas and looked around.

“Hu!!! (Lord, I’m here!!)”

The Winter Water Snake also stuck its head out.

Shorty climbed onto the bed excitedly.

“Not bad. You should be able to adapt to the environment of the World King Planet now, right?” Shi Yu said.

The three pets nodded repeatedly.

“Master, do you plan to start nurturing them?” Ling asked.

“Yeah, now that I’m at Level 9, my cultivation speed is faster than I expected at the start. With the cultivation fruit, I should be able to save a lot of time in cultivation next.”

“Also, because Susu has learned the origin wave, the difficulty of adding points is also smaller than before. In 10 months, it should be more than enough to equip you perfectly.”