Chapter 1358 - 1358 Crushing Stars (1)

1358 Crushing Stars (1)

After Eleven finished fusing, Shi Yu fell asleep again.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

In just a month, Shi Yu completed the skill fusion of Little Ji, Duckie, Baby Ginseng, Susu, Chi Tong, and Eleven, giving it a complete transformation.

As for Buggy and Ling, they had almost fused on Blue Planet.

Buggy fused into the Creation Domain, and Ling fused into a mechanical spirit.

If he wanted to strengthen them, he could only rely on replication, points, and skill deduction.

Fortunately, Shi Yu already had plans for the Starry Sky Storm and overdrafted faith in their strengthening plan, so he slept very soundly without any quests pressing down on him.

After eating the cultivation fruit and sleeping to rest, Shi Yu no longer meditated this time. Instead, he developed his Beast Taming Talent.

At the moment, Shi Yu had mastered six abilities: Telepathy, Skill Index, Body Control, Time Strengthening, Space Strengthening, and Fusion.

Among them, Telepathy, Skill Index, and Body Control increased with the Beast Taming level. At the moment, they were all considered Level 9. Among them, due to the special power of the Telepathy Taiji Domain, it could be called a divine-level talent.

As for the Time Strengthening, Space Strengthening, and Fusion talents, they temporarily couldn’t keep up with Shi Yu’s level. The highest Space Strengthening was only at Level 8, and they needed to be strictly developed.

Time strengthening and Space Strengthening determined the success rate of Shi Yu exploring ruins in the future. The Fusion Talent determined the difficulty of Shi Yu replicating skills in the future.

As for the cleansing enhancement talent and the cleansing hand talent sent by the Environmental Protection Association, Shi Yu temporarily ignored them and didn’t treat them as his primary cultivation goal.

For him, he could still tell which talent was more important first.

Shi Yu’s requirements weren’t high either. As long as he could cultivate time, space, and Fusion Talent to Level 9, it was enough. As for the divine level, it required additional resources and opportunities. It was very difficult to master at Level 9. It was an ability that only divine-level Beast Tamers could master. He didn’t have any extravagant hopes.

While Shi Yu was sleeping and cultivating, Eleven, who had recovered first, was already gesturing with new abilities excitedly.

After experiencing it, Eleven felt that it was very strong.

Battle God Body, Eight Trigrams Clone, One Thought of God and Demon!

Each of them could be said to be a top-notch divine skill.

Among them, every clone of the Eight Trigrams Clone could condense in advance like the previous Bean Bear.

Most importantly, the functionality of each clone was also different. For example, the Clone of Ze also mastered the ability to heal and be kind. Not only could it heal the main body’s injuries, but it could also use the power of kindness to accelerate the growth of plant resources and develop the potential for pets of the same race.

Although every clone’s battle power wasn’t weak, being a fighter wasn’t the only way to use it.

It could be said that their existence could allow Eleven to fight more peacefully and without thinking about other things.

Of course, the skill that surprised Eleven the most was still the Battle God Body. With this top-notch battle physique, it didn’t have to think about messy battles in the future. Directly resisting the enemy’s attack and attacking in a normal manner was its best strategy in the future.

This way, the consumption was the smallest, the attack power was the highest, and the overall cost-effective ratio was the highest. It was easy to control light, and the consumption of the Yin Yang Millstone was too high.

Eleven had a lot of battle experience, so it quickly concluded the most suitable battle process for itself.

When it encountered an opponent, it wouldn’t attack first. It would casually send a clone suitable for battle to fight the other party.

If the clone could defeat it, there was no need for it to attack at all. If the clone couldn’t defeat it, it wasn’t too late for it to attack.

This could avoid consuming too much physical strength. It was alright now, but after reaching the divine level, divine power was an even rarer and harder energy to replenish. There was no harm in considering this in advance.

After it attacked, it only used pure physical strength to fight first. Probably not many opponents could withstand this level. No matter how serious the injuries were and how long it took, the consumption of its body wasn’t very high. It could support the longest battle process. Even if it fought for a month, it wouldn’t collapse from exhaustion.

As long as it didn’t encounter an enemy like Susu that could cleanse everything or master a skill like the Yin Yang Millstone that could obliterate warpath, just this move alone was invincible at the same level.

After feeling that it couldn’t defeat its opponent in this state, it could use One Thought of God and Demon. With control over the light thunder in the form of a god, it could enter Thunder God Armor Mode. It was faster, and control of the dark thunder in the form of a demon could let him enter the Demon God Body Mode. Its attack power was stronger, but its speed was inferior to the former. It could choose different forms to fight according to the enemy’s differences.

The burden would be slightly greater after activating the single form of the One Thought of God and Demon. Not only for the body but also for the mind. However, it was still within the acceptable range. This state, together with the invincible physique, could defeat more powerful enemies.

If this still couldn’t defeat the enemy, gods and devils would have the same thought. At the same time, activating the states of gods and devils would be the final choice. Using the Yin Yang collision law to break through the restriction of the brain to enter an extreme explosive state, would have a huge mental burden. During use, the mind could be fast enough to exceed time and see future battle scenes, commanding the body to complete miraculous actions.

After using it, one would definitely overdraft their mind. Their body would be broken, and even their will would be worn down, causing the effect of the Battle God Body to decrease greatly. It could be said to be a trump card that could be used at the end.

As for the Yin Yang Millstone, compared to these skills, the cost-effective ratio wasn’t the highest if it was directly used in attacks. It would have a special effect when facing attacks like the Abyss Race and the Yun Race, or it would master Time Mark. The enemy of the Battle God Body would have a more miraculous effect. Now, it had retreated to support skills.