Chapter 1359 - 1359 Crushing Stars (2)

1359 Crushing Stars (2)

Weaker enemies, countered by clones, ordinary enemies, physical battles, stronger enemies, gods, and devils with a thought. Enemies stronger than them had the same thought. As for the control of light, it was mercilessly abandoned by Eleven. It was regarded as the skill with the lowest cost-effective ratio. It planned to wait for Shi Yu to fuse it with other skills in the future.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Wuu!!!” In Little Zi’s body, Buggy and Eleven fought. After Buggy’s Green Dragon Indestructible Body was crushed by the Battle God Body again, Buggy cried. Eleven let out the umpteenth triumphant roar.

As for the other pets, they didn’t play with Eleven at all.

Baby Ginseng worked hard to improve the cultivation fruit. Ling went to the research institute to study. Susu cleansed the pollution source daily to support the family, while Chi Tong brought the second team out to watch movies and shop.

Initially, Qi also wanted to go, but for safety’s sake, she still carried Little Zi and stayed behind to “protect Shi Yu”.

In fact, when he really encountered danger, Shi Yu’s greatest reliance wasn’t the six spatial divine stones given by the Space Emperor. The stones had long been assigned to other pets with poor life-saving abilities. His greatest reliance was actually on the Time Sprite, Qi.

Although Qi was only at the demigod level and had yet to reach the divine level, according to Qi’s experience, below the super divine level, even top-notch gods who were expert spatial gods couldn’t catch it. With it protecting Shi Yu, Shi Yu could definitely be foolproof!

When it reached the divine level and recovered its peak strength, even a super divine level expert wouldn’t be able to catch it.

It was also because of Qi that Shi Yu’s other pets could go out in peace and leave Shi Yu’s side.

Now that every pet had grown up, and the World King Planet was such a place where all races in the starry sky were everywhere, it wouldn’t be very strange for them to go out and play themselves.

In short, Shi Yu felt that his pets were already old enough to go out. He couldn’t care less and felt that it was above his pay grade. There was no need for him to watch over them like a guardian.

“Wu wu wu.”

“Ji…”

In Little Zi’s body, Eleven and Buggy discussed continuing to go to the ranking battle!!

After the two of them instructed Baby Ginseng and Susu, who had stayed beside Shi Yu, they immediately crawled out of the mystic realm villa and ran towards the location of the ranking battle.

“Wu…” While searching for the teleportation array, Buggy still saw a familiar figure on the bustling street.

Chi Tong, a girl in black holding a sword with a Vermillion Bird clone on her shoulder, was walking around with the shrunken Little Ji, Duckie, Shorty, Turtle, and Little Quas, buying various street snacks.

The reason Chi Tong brought them out was because Little Ji and Duckie were too noisy. Little Zi despised them. These two guys didn’t hold back when they were anxious, unlike Buggy and Eleven, whose mentalities were maxed out.

As for the other three newbies, they were purely brought along in passing to let them go out and broaden their horizons.

“Eleven!! Buggy!!” Chi Tong and the others also discovered Eleven and Buggy.

“We’ll leave first!!” After Eleven and Buggy greeted Chi Tong and the others, they left in the public teleportation array.

“Roar!!”

“Big Sister, Eleven, and the others seem to be going to fight. Do you want to take a look!!” Little Ji and Duckie were curious. They wanted to see the panda beat up all the races in the starry sky!

Although Little Ji’s big sister was Ling and Duckie’s big sister was Susu, Chi Tong, who was also their best friend and had the highest ranking in the team’s internal competition previously, was clearly the eldest big sister.

Chi Tong looked conflicted and looked at the Turtle, Shorty, and Little Quas, who were also looking forward to it. “No, although I also want to see it, I’ve already bought the movie tickets. Moreover, I can’t refund the tickets. I’ve also bought yours. You have to watch it with me.”

“QAQ…” The pets were silent.

“Hu hu!! (Watching a movie isn’t bad either…)” The turtle moved closer to the little Quas Snake. This was considered a sweet date…

Little Quas moved and looked up at the sky slightly. Therefore, the first time their second team went out, they ate, drank, and played. Moreover, it was public funds. When Shi Yu woke up, would he really not criticize them?

Senior Ling… seemed to have said that the team’s expenses these days were very high. Half of the 200 divine-level energy crystals had already been squandered. If this continued, forget about a few months, in another two months, the team’s finances would be in trouble.

“Meow~~” Shorty thought the least. It looked at the Vermillion Bird clone enviously and also wanted to stick to Big Sister Chi Tong.

…

Blue Wave City, Myriad Region, Myriad Race Ranking Battle Battle Facility.

Eleven and Buggy came for the second time.

This time, there were much fewer things to do than the first time. After Buggy took out Eleven’s battle card from its portable space, Eleven ran to the registration machines everywhere to match.

Match in progress…

At the same time, the Myriad Race Committee, the Blue Wave Branch, immediately received the news.

Ever since Eleven’s last battle, they had been watching Eleven closely, wanting to see the outcome of its next battle.

However, no one expected that after so long, Iron-eating Beast Eleven didn’t come to challenge again. It only came half a month later.

“I knew it. Back then, when it defeated Gorka, it didn’t seem as easy as it looked in the video. It was very difficult to fight, and it definitely suffered very serious injuries. It’s only natural for it to recover for so long.” In a room, the green dragon and its Beast Tamer, Sen Nian, who had been defeated by Eleven, were sitting in Director Sen’s office.

“Uncle, if you want to see its limit, you might as well let Gorka do it again. We were careless last time. It will definitely be different this time,” Sen Nian said.