Chapter 1352 - 1352 Battle God Bear Eleven (1)

1352 Battle God Bear Eleven (1)

Shi Yu had never eaten anything so disgusting.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

It was so disgusting that he didn’t know how to describe it.

After all, he was a human with the will of an overlord who had almost experienced life, old age, illness, and death!

Even if 90% of his life force was instantly extracted, he would definitely be extremely calm.

However, when he ate this cultivation fruit, Shi Yu couldn’t remain calm at all. He felt that his will was instantly impacted.

It was mainly because what he ate was indeed not an ordinary item.

It was a divine-level resource.

It was a divine skill prototype cultivation fruit developed by Baby Ginseng after it learned the cultivation method. It studied it for half a month and consumed fertilizer almost equivalent to super divine resources.

The initial level of the cultivation fruit cultivated by Baby Ginseng was a quasi-divine skill. It could be said to be the best among divine-level resources. With sufficient energy, it would take days to condense one. It was no wonder that Shi Yu directly fainted.

Not only did it make one’s sense of smell and taste feel smelly, but it also made one’s mind, heart, and soul feel smelly. There were no blind spots in all aspects. Perhaps even the perception of the spiritual element couldn’t stop this thing.

“Mi!!”

“Ning!!”

After discovering that Shi Yu had fainted from the stench, every pet panicked and rushed over to watch the commotion.

The Vermillion Bird clone with the main body in its mouth and the Star Sea Sprite Susu rushed over immediately.

Qi carried Little Zi and immediately rushed to the scene with the younger siblings of the clueless team.

In the ranking battle of the ten thousand races, Buggy and the patient, Eleven, who was tied up with worm silk, were also shocked. They thought that something had happened to Shi Yu and accelerated toward home.

At the scene, Susu covered its nose and looked at the cultivation fruit that had been bitten, as well as glared at Baby Ginseng.

This thing could be eaten???

“Yi. (The greater the price to use something, the better the effect.)” Baby Ginseng argued reasonably. This meant that it was a huge success.

“Ning!! (Can it be cleansed?)” Susu quickly asked.

“Yi!!” Baby Ginseng fell into deep thought. It didn’t know what the consequences of cleansing the stink of the cultivation fruit would be or if it would change the nature of the cultivation fruit, but it wasn’t a problem to cleanse and awaken Shi Yu.

The nutrition formed by the cultivation fruit Shi Yu ate would be preserved in Shi Yu’s body. Only every time he slept and entered an idle state would he consume the nutrition of the fruit. When he didn’t cultivate, the nutrition would automatically be stored. Therefore, forcefully awakening it wouldn’t waste the nutrition of the cultivation fruit. There was no problem.

“Ning.” Upon hearing that, Susu immediately cleansed and called for help, cleansing Shi Yu’s negative state. Then, Shi Yu slowly crawled up with twitching hands and feet.

After trembling, Shi Yu almost threw away the cultivation fruit in his hand.

“I say…”

“Baby Ginseng!!! Can’t this thing be optimized anymore!!” Shi Yu’s mentality exploded.

He originally thought that no matter how bad it was, how bad could it be?

However, Shi Yu had forgotten that he was a man who couldn’t even accept stinky tofu and snail powder!

“Yi!! (Probably, but it’s only entry-level proficiency now. Perhaps after reaching expert+11, it can change its taste.)” Baby Ginseng said.

Of course, it wasn’t sure either.

The corners of Shi Yu’s mouth twitched. “Alright, I’ll give you some points later…”

“However, the effect of this thing seems to be pretty good. Although I only slept for less than a minute just now, I feel that the efficiency of cultivation is almost twice that of my normal cultivation…”

Baby Ginseng: Yi!

To be honest, according to its speculation, this was the nature of this fruit. The higher the level and Effect, the more smelly it might be… However, Baby Ginseng didn’t dare to tell Shi Yu.

Sigh, it should work hard…

It felt that even if it could modify the mutation, the consumption would probably not be small. It would, at most, modify it for Shi Yu. If it was sold, it definitely wouldn’t spend the effort to modify it.

“Sigh.” Shi Yu sighed. Little Ji, Duckie, and the others beside him advised Shi Yu to suffer in order to be superior.

Shi Yu didn’t feel comforted at all. He only wanted to train them more.

Soon, Eleven and Buggy rushed over without stopping. At this moment, Shi Yu had already dispersed his pets and was still conflicted about whether he should eat the remaining cultivation fruits. He had already taken a bite of this thing. If he didn’t eat it as soon as possible, as time passed, the nutrition would disappear.

“Wuu…”

“Ji!!” On the way back, Eleven and Buggy had already confirmed that Shi Yu had revived and was fine. However, after returning, they still looked at the cultivation fruit curiously and sighed with emotion. The power of this thing was actually greater than adding points?

“Do you want to try it…” Shi Yu handed it over.

Eleven and Buggy shook their heads repeatedly and took a step back.

“Wu wu wu. (Shame to waste.)” Eleven said.

This cultivation fruit was only effective for humans, so they wouldn’t eat it.

“Tsk, isn’t the opponent very strong? I sensed that it seemed very difficult for you guys to fight. I almost lost.” Shi Yu temporarily didn’t think about the fruit and asked Eleven.

“Wu wu wu.” Eleven, who was wrapped into a white bear by Buggy’s pile of worm silk bandages, shook its head. No, no. The opponent was very weak, and it won very easily.

Shi Yu fell into deep thought. Do you think I believe you?

“Ji!! (It’s clearly very difficult to win. If this is the God Sealing Battle, that green dragon and the Beast Tamer will attack together. You will definitely lose miserably.)” Buggy curled its lips.

Of course… if it didn’t use the power of faith, it would probably be even worse than Eleven.