Chapter 1353 - 1353 Battle God Bear Eleven (2)

1353 Battle God Bear Eleven (2)

Eleven was speechless and looked at Shi Yu eagerly.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Looks like a cosmic life form from a first-level domain is indeed not easy to deal with… Eleven, don’t worry. You only have two quasi-divine skills, one entry-level and the other proficient level. Your battle power is all supported by the combination of super skills. It’s normal for it to be difficult to fight these guys.”

“Even if you don’t fuse new skills, when I add more than ten points to your Yin Yang Millstone and Light Control, your battle power will definitely double. Don’t worry.”

“Wuu!!” Eleven was immediately full of energy. It accidentally broke the bandage tied by Buggy and immediately gritted its teeth. Every black and white hair stood up like needles.

“Hurry up and find Baby Ginseng.” Shi Yu was speechless.

“Then, Buggy, hypnotize me immediately and let me enter a deep sleep state. Try your best to block my perception. Then, use your psychic power to show off this leftover fruit in my mouth and teleport it into my stomach!”

Shi Yu turned to Buggy and issued an order, trying to bug it.

“Ji. (Alright.)” Seeing that it was such a simple order, Buggy immediately followed it and hypnotized Shi Yu. Then, it stuffed the cultivation fruit into Shi Yu’s mouth and fed it to Shi Yu.

However, after doing all of this, Buggy still discovered that Shi Yu, who should have been dreaming, began to toss and turn with a frozen expression…

…

At the same time, at the Blue Wave Branch of the Myriad Races Committee.

The Myriad Races Committee was an organization that was born for the ranking battle of all races.

The positions of the core higher-ups here were basically monopolized by the strong races of the various realms.

Apart from being in charge of the matters related to the ranking battle of the ten thousand races, the most common thing the higher-ups of the Myriad Races Committee did was to discover some grassroots geniuses immediately through their internal authority.

There were too many cosmic life forms who had come to register for the ranking battle of the ten thousand races. Although most of them were here to give points and didn’t recognize their strength, it was also common for a few grassroots geniuses who didn’t belong to the powerful divine race to evolve very quickly due to coincidence.

As soon as such contestants were discovered, it was the focus of the Myriad Races Committee. The higher-ups of the Myriad Races Committee would use the convenience of their authority to find an opportunity to rope them in and let them join their faction.

Bringing in marriages and breeding was an excellent choice…

Although the Blue Wave Green Dragon Race, Gorka, was only at the quasi-divine level at the moment, it had always been the focus of the Myriad Races Committee, the Blue Wave Branch. Firstly, it was because its race was ranked in the top 10,000 of the Myriad Races in the Starry Sky and was one of the true Myriad Races in the Starry Sky. In the entire World King Planet, it was a famous divine race. In the entire Blue Wave World, it was even more powerful.

The Blue Wave Green Dragon Race lived in the Blue Wave World. The rise and fall of this race’s ranking concerned the strength of the Blue Wave World, so they naturally had to pay special attention.

The second clueless was because Gorka had signed a contract with the genius of the Blue Wave Human Family, Sen Nian. Sen Nian was a super genius. He had once partnered with Gorka and entered the top 500 of the God Sealing Battle together. His highest result was 486. He was regarded by the Blue Wave World as a genius combination with the hope of charging into the top 100 in the future.

They were training in the ranking battle of all races. Victory and defeat were basically paid attention to at all times.

Just as Eleven and the others finished fighting Gorka and the information on the backstage system of the Myriad Races Committee was updated, the staff in charge of the review was immediately stunned.

“The Blue Wave Green Dragon Race lost to a newbie who had just participated in the ranking?” The staff member exclaimed. Then, another group of staff surrounded him.

A group of staff surrounded the video and looked at the battle video recorded by the judge robot in disbelief. Iron-eating Beast Race’s Eleven erupted infinitely and defeated the Blue Wave Green Dragon Gorka, suppressing the other party without the ability to counterattack the whole time!

In just a few minutes of battle, it directly defeated the Blue Wave Green Dragon. In the end, it was suspected to have used the prototype of a top-notch divine skill!

“Iron-eating Beast??? What race is this?? It’s actually even fiercer than all races in the starry sky of the same level…”

“I pulled up the information. This Iron-eating Beast Race that calls itself Eleven is from the Floating Realm… Wait, age, four years old?”

“He’s f*cking four years old???”

“What a joke.” A cry of surprise came from the entire workshop. After all, the Blue Wave Green Dragon, Gorka, had started to become a little famous 40 years ago. It produced results and stepped into the quasi-divine realm.

It was considered a young dragon among the dragons, but… being beaten up by a four-year-old bear was ridiculous!

“Director Sen is Sen Nian’s elder, right? Should… we inform Director Sen??” The staff looked at each other.

Soon, Director Sen, one of the managers of the Blue Wave Branch of the Myriad Race Committee, arrived at the scene. He also finished watching the competition video in shock and fell into deep thought.

“In the next two battles, arrange for a more powerful opponent for it. Don’t worry about the rest.” After seeing Eleven’s domain, he gave the order.

The Floating Realm… had cultivated a top-notch divine race… This Iron-eating Beast Race came from the Floating Realm and wasn’t something they could afford to provoke.

The number one expert and number two expert in the Floating Realm had the battle record of joining forces to hunt super divine beings and were on good terms with a few super divine lives. A large race like the Sen family still knew some inside information, so they just had to divert some energy to pay attention to this Iron-eating Beast, Eleven. There was no need to get too involved.

“What does the Floating Realm want…” Director Sen muttered in his heart.