Chapter 1357 - 1357 Battle God Bear Eleven (6)

1357 Battle God Bear Eleven (6)

Previously, he had used Eleven’s explosive skill and restoration skills to fuse, forming a battle divine body with an invincible body. Now, Shi Yu was using the Nine Li Army’s clone skill as the core to fuse with the skills of wind, water, earth, exort, and space.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

To be honest, he still didn’t know what skills he could bet, but these skills happened to have a success rate. This made Shi Yu choose to give it a try.

It was still an incomparably difficult process. During this period, Eleven stood in the Taiji Domain. Eight panda clones about Eleven’s size slowly formed under the spinning of the Taiji Painting.

At first, they only looked like black and white pandas, but soon, as the black and white power circled, metal armor of different colors appeared on their bodies. There was white armor, red armor, brown armor, green armor, and blue armor. They were of different styles!!

Every panda clone was filled with a powerful aura that wasn’t inferior to a demigod.

“Roar!!!” As Eleven’s main body in the center of the Taiji Painting roared, the eight Bean Bear clones suddenly opened their corresponding armor and different colored eyes.

[Fusion successful]

[Nine Li Army, Killing Wind, Mirror Reflection, Turning Stone into Gold, Molten Gold, Space Quake, Super Alloy] had already fused into [Eight Trigrams Clone].

[Skill]: Eight Trigrams Clone

< Introduction > Taiji gives birth to Two Elements, Two Elements give birth to Four Symbols, Four Symbols give birth to Eight Trigrams…

It could create eight battle clones that controlled the power of laws in Heaven, Earth, Thunder, Wind, Water, Fire, Mountain, and Swamp!!

“Taiji Domain, what exactly are you…”

At this moment, Shi Yu couldn’t help but say. He realized that the skills that were assisted in fusion through the mind domain, the Taiji Domain, were all top-notch divine skills. They were top-notch and powerful.

Sensing that the eight Bean Bears beside Eleven also contained terrifying physical power and had powerful auras flowing with laws on their bodies, Buggy and the other pets were shocked.

What a joke. Why did they feel that Eleven’s eight clones could sweep through demigods without its main body attacking?

“Wu wu wu!!!”

At this moment, Eleven didn’t care so much. It was extremely excited. Its warpath was high, and it commanded the Armored Bean Bears to carry divine crystals to recover everyone’s restoration.

Continue, continue. It still had skills to fuse!!!

“Come, rest for two days. Continue.” Shi Yu sensed the Taiji Domain beside him and fell into deep thought.

According to the theory that Taiji gave birth to two elements, two elements gave birth to four symbols, and the four symbols gave birth to eight trigrams, since the four symbols were cosmic life forms from the last era, what did the power of Taiji represent??

When he fused the Yin Yang Millstone, Shi Yu had already sensed the power of the Taiji Domain. However, he now felt that he had still underestimated the potential power of this domain that contained divine power.

Earth…

If there was a chance, he had to go back and take a look.

…

[Skill]: Demon God Body, Thunder God Armor

[Fusion success rate]: Extremely low

[Fusion Risk]: Very high

Next, Shi Yu only had two super skills that had yet to be fused. One was mainly dark, and the other was mainly light thunder. There was a slight conflict, so the compatibility wasn’t high, but it contained the Dao of Yin Yang. Shi Yu felt that with the support of the Taiji Domain, he could still try to fuse it.

In the past few days, just giving Eleven the fusion skill and the consumption of the entire team’s divine crystals made Shi Yu feel very pained. However, when he thought of Eleven’s current strength, Shi Yu felt that everything was worth it.

Before this, he was still worried that even if he obtained first place in the God Sealing Battle, he couldn’t defeat the cosmic divine beast guarding the prize. But now, he wasn’t worried at all.

Because Eleven alone was enough to fight ordinary initial-level gods above his level without any external help, at that time, it shouldn’t be a big problem for the entire team to defeat an intermediate-level god.

With endless expectations, Shi Yu and the others underwent the final fusion with Eleven.

“This time… it can’t be very ridiculous, right?” Shi Yu was almost afraid.

Buggy and the other pets were also afraid. They felt that Eleven was getting closer and closer to invincibility.

“Roar!!!”

This time, during the fusion process, Eleven seemed to have recovered to the initial state of the Chaos Panda, as if it had fallen into the chaos of lightning and its figure couldn’t be seen clearly. Its body was yin and yang, light and dark, filled with two-colored lightning that fused, converted, and collided.

Under the influence of Eleven’s will, the thunder, both light and dark, on its body freely transformed. At times, Eleven was clad in white Thunder God armor, while at other moments, it turned into the body of a black Demon God, exuding an extraordinary aura.

[Fusion successful]

[Demon God Body and Thunder God Armor] had already fused into [One Thought of God and Demon].

[Skill]: One Thought of God and Demon

< Introduction > It can become a god with a thought and a demon with a thought. In the divine state, it can control the power of light thunder. In the demon state, it can control the power of dark thunder.

After entering the Divine Demon Thought, one could break through the restrictions of the brain under the stimulation of the power of light, darkness, and lightning and obtain extremely strong attacks, defense, speed, injury avoidance, and thought reaction power that exceeded time.

Note: The simultaneous thoughts of a demon and a god are extremely dangerous. After using it, you will lose the ability to fight!! The stronger the physique, the smaller the negative effect!!

“What the hell is this?” Shi Yu and the others were already speechless.

Buggy and the other pets completely collapsed. They felt that unless they obtained the faith overdraft Shi Yu mentioned and overdrafted their future desperately, they definitely couldn’t defeat Eleven.

“Wuu!!!” Indeed, this was a very dangerous skill. The moment it mastered it, Eleven sensed that even if it obtained the Battle God Body, it would lose its ability to fight after being dazzling. However, at the same time, during the period of the Demon God’s Thought, even if it encountered an opponent who mastered the divine skill that could create a Time Stop domain, and the opponent trapped it in the Time Stop domain, its thoughts could also exceed time. With a thought, it could control the Crowd Control Divine Punishment, and destroy the opponent.

For example, Zavay, who had mastered Time Slow and Time Stop in the first place of the God Sealing Battle. At this moment, Eleven only felt that the other party was something!!

The Yin Yang Millstone obliterated the other party’s Time Mark, and the Demon God’s Thought countered the other party’s time skill. Eleven no longer knew how to lose when the Battle God Body instantly defeated the other party.

“Wu wu wu!!!” After all the skills were fused, Eleven shouted happily, thanking Buggy, Baby Ginseng, and the others crazily.

The ranking battle of all races… It was going to participate in the ranking battle of all races again!!

“Wu!! (Calm down!!)”

“Yiya!!! (Calm down, the opponent will be killed by you!!)” Baby Ginseng and the other pets advised.

What was going on? They felt uncomfortable and looked at Shi Yu.

Wu wu wu wu, why were the skills Eleven fused so strong? It was unfair!!!

“If you ask me, I also want to know why its skills are so ridiculous when fused.” Shi Yu also said excitedly, “As expected of Eleven. As expected, you’re still good at being a gambler!”

“Wuu!!!” Eleven was happy. So be it. As long as it had powerful skills, it didn’t matter if it turned from a panda into a bear.

…