Chapter 1356 - 1356 Battle God Bear Eleven (5)

1356 Battle God Bear Eleven (5)

Compared to other teammates, Eleven didn’t have any support skills. Its support function for other pets wasn’t big. It was just a natural battle beast, so Eleven had always wanted to help his teammates in other aspects.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

After thinking about it, Eleven could only think of constantly fighting through powerful battle power to obtain resources and give them back to the team.

Therefore, it had to become stronger.

Skill: Inner Power, Impregnable, Leaving Gold Battle Body, Indestructible Golden Body

[Fusion success rate]: Extremely low

[Fusion Risk]: Very high

“Eleven, charge!”

“Wu!” “Yi!” “Mi!” “Ning!” “All the best!”

Under the cheers of the entire team, the skill furnace directly activated!!

Countless skill EXP shattered and fused. The huge will impact made Eleven roar at the sky!!

“Roar!!!!!!”

At the same time, a shocking warpath potential erupted from Eleven’s body!!

“Boom boom boom boom boom boom boom!!!!!”

Under Shi Yu and the others’ perception, the current Eleven had all its energy restrained. Only its warpath turned into an unstoppable sharpness that shot into the sky, shaking Buggy’s Creation Domain continuously.

Even Little Zi’s entire inner world was shaken by the shocking fighting spirit.

This commotion…

As Shi Yu consumed his energy quickly, he was extremely happy. There was a high chance that this commotion would fuse into a very powerful skill!!

However, what surprised Ling and the others the most was that during the skill fusion, they didn’t feel many terrifying changes in Eleven’s energy. Instead, Eleven’s physical life force began to shine like the sun.

Could it be… a physique skill?

At this moment, Eleven indeed felt this way. It felt that no matter what energy it was, it was crazily impacting and flowing in its body, strengthening its body, and making its already very terrifying physique even stronger.

It made Eleven feel that even if it stood and let the green dragon attack previously, the other party couldn’t break through its defense. Standing and letting Baby Ginseng self-destruct continuously couldn’t shake its fundamental powerful confidence.

“Roar!!!” Eleven’s body unknowingly enlarged to a hundred meters, a thousand meters, ten thousand meters, and 100,000 meters. Its physique was constantly strengthening, and its strength was constantly condensing. In an instant, Buggy, the god of creation here, was almost absent-minded. It was as if it had predicted a scene in front of its eyes.

A behemoth looked down at the stars in the universe and punched at the stars without any energy. The entire planet exploded.

When Buggy woke up, it realized that it was all an illusion. However, its Creation Domain had really shattered at this moment. It began to let Little Zi, a low-level planet, withstand this terrifying physical power that was enough to crush the world.

“Mi…” At this moment, Little Zi was also afraid, as if it was the fear engraved in the instincts of life races, as if it had encountered a cosmic Behemoth race that could cross the starry sky with its body.

When all the pets were shocked by how ridiculous a skill Eleven wanted to fuse into, Eleven’s huge transformation finally stopped and began to shrink towards the cub state as if it was leaking air.

At the same time.

[Fusion successful]

[Inner Power, Impregnable, Leaving Gold Battle Body, Indestructible Golden Body] had already fused into the [Battle God Body].

Skill: Battle God Body

< Introduction > It’s a top-notch battle physique. It can double any energy in the body into physique strength and unleash the strongest physical strength with the smallest consumption.

It could transform the enemy’s damage into physique strength and life force. The heavier the injury, the stronger the battle power.

When one died in battle, the battlepath obsession would transform into an endless life form and revive. As long as the battle will didn’t disappear, the body wouldn’t die.

Boom!!!

After the fusion was successful, Eleven had already recovered to the size of a meter tall. It closed its eyes and floated in the air, slowly descending. At this moment, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, Ling, and the others couldn’t feel any energy fluctuations or stats fluctuations on Eleven.

However, when they saw Eleven’s small body, they could sense the aura of a primeval ferocious beast. That was a top-notch divine body that could kill demigods with an ordinary punch and crush divine skills.

No one expected that the fusion of these skills would actually fuse a pure physique skill for Eleven.

“Cough… Cough…” The weak Shi Yu looked at Eleven, who had landed on the ground and slowly opened its dark star-like eyes, in surprise. At this moment, he completely sensed Eleven’s power. This power… was undoubtedly the power of a small star that could explode with a punch alone after stepping into the God Realm!

“Wuu…” Eleven opened its eyes, which were filled with confidence. It simply clenched its fists and let out a boom, causing Little Zi’s entire world to tremble. Rain fell from the sky. That was Little Zi crying.

“Wu wu wu…” Eleven was so scared that it hurriedly apologized. It had good control over its physical strength. It felt that this skill was better than the Yin Yang Millstone in combat. Its consumption was smaller than the Yin Yang Millstone, and its strength was greater than the Yin Yang Millstone. Apart from the special effect of obliterating everything, everything was very perfect.

Eleven immediately bowed and thanked the silent crowd, while Shi Yu maintained his smile.

“It’s not over. Give me the divine crystal. Everyone, quickly replenish your strength.”

“Adjust your state and let’s continue!!”

….

[Skill]: Nine Li Army, Killing Wind, Mirror Reflection, Turning Stone into Gold, Molten Gold, Space Quake, Superalloy

[Fusion success rate]: Extremely low

[Fusion Risk]: Very high

Fusion…