Chapter 1350 - 1350 Ranking Battle Of All Races (3)

1350 Ranking Battle of All Races (3)

Therefore, no human was so bored as to participate in this thing. The status of humans didn’t need to be proven with this competition.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Therefore, at the moment, the contractor of the Blue Wave Green Dragon was just an audience like Buggy.

“Ji. (Big talk.)” Buggy despised.

“Battle, begin!!!”

At the same time, as the Blue Wave Green Dragon entered the central venue, the robot of the Myriad Races Committee, who was in charge of being the judge, directly gave the battle command.

“Roar!!!” The Blue Wave Green Dragon looked at the Iron-eating Beast not far away mockingly and didn’t say anything. According to the Beast Tamer, it planned to end the battle quickly.

Boom!!!

It stood on the spot and didn’t move at all. The ground directly rumbled and cracked, and many trees quickly grew out. The trees seemed to have been uprooted, forming a forest in an instant. It sealed the venue, and countless tree trunks rose into the sky, forming a tree prison that attacked Eleven.

“Wuu!!” Eleven stood on the spot and shook its arms. Space Quake was activated, and strong spatial fluctuations instantly intertwined with these huge trees. However, on Blue Planet, the vibration that was enough to shatter a ruin mystic realm and shatter space could only break the thinner branches and leaves like the wind. It couldn’t even pull out the roots.

Moreover, even if it was a broken branch, green light instantly filled the air and quickly healed. It turned into an immortal sea of trees again and devoured Eleven.

“Ji!! (Wood Law, Wood Control?!)” Seeing the perfect nature of these huge trees and the faint law ripples spreading, Buggy said.

“The Blue Wave Green Dragon Race has inherited two high-level divine skills and several ordinary divine skills. They’re top-notch gods. That’s why I said that you’re very unlucky to have encountered us in the positioning competition.” The young man said happily, “You don’t even know the Blue Wave Green Dragon. You’re really newborn calves.”

“Ji. (Don’t worry, don’t worry.)” Buggy curled its lips. The battle wasn’t over yet. Eleven was just testing the waters with the transcendent Space Quake. What was there to be smug about?

As expected, seeing that a single Space Quake couldn’t cause any damage to the other party’s moves, Eleven revealed an excited expression and its warpath rose.

“Roar!!” It roared and stood on the spot without moving. A hot aura bloomed from its body. The fiery red high temperature turned into a substantial wave. This time, Eleven activated the Molten Gold skill and seemed to have turned into a sun furnace, spreading monstrous heat.

This move was indeed more effective than Space Quake against these crazy plants. Sensing the high temperature, the attacks of the plants instantly slowed down. With the Golden Battle Body as the foundation, the current temperature of the Molten Gold wasn’t inferior to the prototype of an ordinary divine skill. It immediately made many plants close to it wither, but in the next second, the withered plants immediately filled with dense vitality and instantly recovered.

Boom!!!

The endless sea of trees directly stabbed at Eleven and trapped it inside. The flames instantly disappeared and were replaced by the sound of bombardment that resounded through the entire venue.

“It’s useless.” Seeing this, the young man couldn’t help but say, “How can ordinary high temperatures stop the law of wood and the law of life?”

However, before he could finish speaking, something unexpected happened in the next second. The flames disappeared, but white light instantly appeared in the dark sea of trees!!

“What?” He was rather surprised.

Boom!!!

“Roar!!” Accompanied by the unexpected roar of the Blue Wave Green Dragon, white light bullets filled the sky and penetrated the sea of trees at a shocking speed. The attack speed was so fast that the recovery speed of these plants couldn’t react at all. Before they recovered, more light bullets penetrated, and the light bullets that filled the sky bloomed in all directions. Among them, the main target was still the Blue Wave Green Dragon.

The expression of the Blue Wave Green Dragon changed, and a layer of divine wood armor immediately appeared on its body. As the light bullets landed on its body, incomparably rich smoke rose.

“Wuu!!!” On the messy sea of trees, Eleven’s body flashed, and its eyes were filled with light. Superskills were indeed not as useful as quasi-divine skills.

It was the Light Control that he had just learned!

“It’s useless.” Although an accident had happened, the young man was still calm. As expected, as the smoke dissipated, the green dragon in the Divine Wood Armor was unscathed. It was looking at Eleven opposite it with a dark green gaze.

Eleven’s Light Control was only at the entry-level. Although the effect was good, it couldn’t play a decisive role at all.

“Even if ten thousand more such attacks come, they can’t break through its defense,” the young man said.

“Wu wu wu!!!” At this moment, Eleven also realized that although the Light Control could crush the other party with speed, due to the low proficiency, the attack power didn’t seem to be enough to crush the other party with the Law of Life.

Not only that, even if he directly used the Yin Yang Millstone… it was probably not enough to kill in one hit.

Eleven frowned.

In that case…

“Wuu!!!” After thinking it through, Eleven directly erupted on the spot. A huge amount of energy was released from its body, and the soaring flames began to shake the messy arena. In an instant, the energy in its body increased by more than a few times.

In the dazzling white flames, platinum electric arcs blinked from time to time. Since direct attacks couldn’t break through the defense, Eleven entered explosive mode.

Seeing this, the contractor for the Blue Wave Green Dragon was amused. “Are you going all out?”

In his opinion, Eleven had already bet the outcome of the battle on the next attack when it entered the explosive mode of overload.