Chapter 1355 - 1355 Battle God Bear Eleven (4)

1355 Battle God Bear Eleven (4)

“In that case, why don’t we find an opportunity to nurture them too? Everyone can participate in the God Sealing Battle together. Also, Little Zi, I’ve already found a way to make you a battle planet.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Little Zi, who was in Qi’s arms, was stunned before being pleasantly surprised. There was still room for it!

Shi Yu smiled and nodded. He had indeed found a way long ago.

That was… to become a world overlord!

After becoming a world overlord of a domain on the World King Planet, one could obtain the Star Attack skill.

If one wanted to become a world overlord of the World King Star, even if it was a third-level world overlord, the threshold wasn’t low. For example, it wasn’t easy to have a low-level planet of one’s own and obtain first place in the God Sealing Battle.

However, after really becoming a world overlord, there were also many benefits. For example, he could obtain his own fiefdom or the Star Attack skill. At that time, after having his own fiefdom, Shi Yu could let Little Zi move the Star Continent in its body to the World King Planet and establish his City of Incense Faith to provide the power of faith to Buggy and the others.

Right on the heels of that, if it taught Little Zi attack skills, it would be able to fight as it pleased.

Having his own fief on the World King Planet and accumulating the power of faith of the four Saints was part of Shi Yu’s plan. However, Shi Yu felt that just this wasn’t enough. This bit of power of faith wasn’t enough to nurture the four holy beasts. More power of faith was still monopolized by the four saints, who had evolved deeper.

Therefore, Shi Yu was still conceptualizing a skill.

[Name]: Faith Overdraft

[Effect]: As long as it makes up for the power of faith in the future, it can overdraw the power of faith that it never had to strengthen its faith skill!

[Deduction success rate]: Extremely low

As long as they learned this move, the combination of Buggy, Chi Tong, and the others was equivalent to having unlimited power of faith. They could mobilize the power of faith at any time.

Compared to other gods of faith, it would be much more carefree. It was commonly known as exceeding consumption.

In short, at least, there would be stronger power to use at the critical moment. As long as he knew when to use this move and when not to use it, this move could definitely become the strongest sure-kill move in Shi Yu’s team.

If he mobilized the power of faith to the limit, perhaps he could fight a super divine at the divine level?

Then, after defeating the gains of the super divine level, he could also use it to buy a large number of precious items of the Four Saints’ faith from the ruins of the era, perfectly forming a closed ring…

Of course, Shi Yu’s most important task at the moment was to strengthen Eleven.

Eleven should be the last to be strengthened. At the moment, only its skills were in the team. There were still more than ten, and they had yet to be fused.

…

Next, Shi Yu began to let unrelated pets move freely. As for Eleven, Baby Ginseng, Susu, and the others, they stayed behind and prepared to assist in adding points.

In Little Zi’s body, Star Continent.

“Alright, I’m almost done resting. My current state isn’t bad. Eleven, I’ll fuse it for you now!” Shi Yu looked at Baby Ginseng, Susu, Chi Tong, Ling, Buggy, and the others. “How are your states? Do you need to prepare?”

All the pets shook their heads, indicating that they could do it now!!

“Alright.” Shi Yu looked at Eleven. This was the last fusion of the first team!

After completing this, he could easily add more points.

[Eleven]

[Race Skill]

“Super Level”: Inner Power, Space Quake, Impregnable, Demon God Body, Leaving Gold Battle Body, Thunder God Armor, Nine Li Army, Indestructible Golden Body, Killing Wind, Mirror Reflection, Turning Stone into Gold, Molten Gold

“Quasi Divine-level”: Yin Yang Millstone, Control of Light

[Taught Skill]

“Super Level”: Superalloy

Eleven’s skills were a little complicated, but under Shi Yu’s multiple permutations, he had indeed found a few optimal permutations.

“Wuu!!!” As Eleven roared in anticipation, the pets were already prepared!!

Buggy first activated the Creation Domain. In the Creation Domain, Buggy was the Creation God. It could also recover Shi Yu’s state to a certain extent and increase the ability to enhance Baby Ginseng.

Another layer of inner worlds overlapped in Little Zi’s body, which was originally a small world.

“Mi!!!” Chi Tong entered Shi Yu’s body and underwent a possession state. At the same time that it increased Shi Yu’s strength, it replaced Shi Yu to withstand some of the losses.

“Ning!!” Susu, on the other hand, was accumulating origin fluctuations to cleanse Shi Yu and Eleven’s consumption and affliction. If necessary, it would use the Star Sea Contract. Although this violated the contract rules, as long as it didn’t come often, there wouldn’t be a problem with the contract as long as it only came a few times.

“The last step.” Ling passed. The nine-colored divine light gently strengthened Shi Yu, Eleven’s will, and various states. At the same time, it used the wind of blessings to entangle and bless Shi Yu and Eleven.

Under such a configuration, Shi Yu could withstand even the greatest consumption. The advantage of Shi Yu contracting a bunch of pets appeared to be vivid at this moment.

When Baby Ginseng also placed its palm on Shi Yu and Little Zi also used the World Blessing, Shi Yu took a deep breath and entered a mental resonance state with Eleven to activate the Taiji Domain. In an instant, Eleven also sensed this heavy power.

If the previous additional points were only the result of an activity between Shi Yu and a single pet, then the current additional points were the result of the entire team’s hard work.

Gathering the strength of the entire team to help a pet become stronger.

“Wuu!!” After sensing this heavy power again, Eleven was still very touched. It made up its mind to persist and master a stronger power.