Chapter 1368 - 1368 Baby Team Takes Off (2)

1368 Baby Team Takes Off (2)

“Yes.” As Ling charged, it said, “Master, have you forgotten something?”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“The way to learn the Starry Sky Storm is to let me withstand the Starry Sky Storm head-on. I need to use the Turning Misfortune into Luck and the Wind Spirit Bead, so shouldn’t you raise my skills to the current maximum level before letting me learn them?”

“This way, the success rate will be higher…”

“Ah…” Shi Yu said, “I think so too, but I’m not free yet.”

“Before you go and resist the Starry Sky Storm, I’ll definitely maximize your skills.”

“Wu wu wu!!” Eleven also held the bamboo pole with both hands and said, “Wuu!”

It was about to participate in a battle above its level in the ranking of all races. In order to win, shouldn’t it also add points to its current quasi-divine skill to the expert level? It didn’t have to be maxed out. It just had to be at the expert level!

“Ji!!!” “Mi!!” Buggy and Chi Tong, who were eating fruits, also fought for it. If they wanted to participate in the Four Saints Meeting, should they maximize their faith skills?

“Yi… (Cultivation Fruit…)” Baby Ginseng said.

“Ning…” Susu originally wanted to say something, but considering its position as the sister, it sighed. It should obediently cleanse the pollutants and raise its entire family.

At this moment, Little Ji and Duckie couldn’t say a word. Shi Yu couldn’t help but feel a headache. After the skill fusion, adding points was indeed a big problem.

They were all quasi-divine skills, and they were high-level and top-notch quasi-divine skills. It wasn’t that easy to add points once. He felt that the remaining 100-plus divine-level crystals would be used up soon.

“That makes sense, but let me rest for two days first. I’ll add points to Little Quas, Turtle, and Cat these two days.”

“It’s relatively easy to add points to their skills… It’s good for their health,” Shi Yu said.

Occasionally, he should also slack off for two days.

At the same time, Little Quas, Turtle, and Cat were stunned. Additional points… What was that?

From just now, they didn’t understand much.

“Wuu!!!” Eleven threatened them fiercely.

“That’s special training that’s enough to destroy and defeat your will. It’s very scary.”

Little Quas, Turtle, and Cat trembled. Even Eleven, who was the strongest, felt that the special training was terrifying.

…

Even Shi Yu had forgotten how long ago it had been since he added points to low, intermediate, and high-level skills.

At the moment, the monarch-level Turtle, Little Quas, and Cat really had a bunch of low-level skills to add.

After dinner, Shi Yu pulled Turtle, Little Quas, and Cat to the side and started a small meeting.

“A meeting!”

At the moment, the configuration of the three pets was like this…

Turtle, high-level monarch race, monarch level, medium will. Skills were Water Spear, Spin Impact, Spirit Water, Water Shield Wall, Guardian Water, and Water of Life.

Little Quas, low-level overlord race, monarch level, medium will. Its skills were Quas Gravel, Water Spear, Quas Tail, Frozen Water, Blizzard, Praying Rain, Absolute Zero, and Vortex Strangulation.

Shorty, high-level monarch race, monarch level, medium will. Its skills were Gem Eye, Deterrence, and Metal Control, and it belonged to a mutated species.

Shi Yu felt that their skill configurations were pretty good. After the Turtle and Little Quas’ skills were maxed out, they could directly fuse into Water Elemental Control and Quas Elemental Control and become Black Tortoises.

As for the three skills of Shorty, the Metal Control was an evolution skill. It could be upgraded to a metal control divine skill in the future. Moreover, this metal control could also be taught to Eleven and Chi Tong in the future. It was very useful.

“My lord, my lord.”

“Minister.”

“God!!”

After being pulled over by Shi Yu, the three babies each called Shi Yu the way they liked.

Turtle used ‘My lord’, Little Quas used ‘Minister’, and Shorty encouraged Shi Yu to establish the Shi Yu Divine Sect. It was the sect master, so Shi Yu was naturally a god!

“Do you want to participate in the God Sealing Battle?” Shi Yu asked in a meeting.

“If you want to participate, which rank do you want to reach?” Shi Yu came up and asked a very explosive topic, stumping the three little ones.

“Ah, this…” Turtle fell into deep thought. It looked at Little Quas and asked, “Little Quas, what about you?”

“…I can’t tell,” Little Quas said.

The turtle rubbed its hands and smiled. “If my ranking can be higher than yours, Little Quas, can the two of us go to the movies alone and not go with Big Sister Chi Tong and the others…”

Little Quas: “?”

This was all it had?

Shorty: “Meow!!”

“Hey, hey, hey, can the two of you pay attention? There are still underage kittens here.” Shorty was angry. These two guys were too annoying.

If it established Shi Yu’s sect in the starry sky, it would definitely set up rules and not allow the sect to fall in love. It felt that this would only be a bad thing.

Obviously, Shorty worshiped Shi Yu’s entire team selectively. It only worshiped the first six members of the team, Little Ji, and Duckie.

After all, it had grown up watching their battle videos.

“Alright, looks like you don’t have a specific idea either…” Shi Yu said. Was this question that difficult?

Turtle, Little Quas, and Cat were silent. Of course, they had no idea!!!

The seniors of the first team were so strong, but they weren’t confident of obtaining good results in the God Sealing Battle.

They reflected the difference between… the overlord level… the totem level… and the two major levels.

They didn’t even have the qualifications to participate, so how could they determine the specific results of the God Sealing Battle, in which tens of millions of demigods participated?

“It’s alright. Although it’s only ten months, you might have a chance to participate. The three of you, come here,” Shi Yu called out. The three baby pets immediately walked in front of Shi Yu.