Chapter 1367 - 1367 Baby Team Takes Off (1)

1367 Baby Team Takes Off (1)

Space Disaster Research Institute.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

After speaking to Shi Yu, Ling sighed.

Master… wanted him to supervise and not touch the ruins?

It could do it, but would Shi Yu listen?

If the ruins were really in danger, it wasn’t worried that Shi Yu would take the initiative to court death.

It was just worried that danger would come knocking on its door…

“Teacher Ling, the storm trajectory has changed. Come and take a look.”

Ling turned around. A girl in a research suit with white and red hair was running towards it with a nervous expression.

“Alright, I’ll go take a look now.” The Rubik’s Cube Ling nodded and flew into the research institute.

This girl’s name was Jin. She was the granddaughter of Dr. Lei Nuo and was currently Ling’s assistant.

At first, Jin was very unhappy to be assigned by Dr. Lei Nuo, but soon, she was convinced by Ling’s ability and was willing to assist Ling in his research.

“You come too,” Ling said as it left.

“Yes!” Jin followed behind with a look of worship. She felt that Ling was much more powerful than her grandfather. Ever since she studied with Ling, her luck had improved a lot. She could encounter a bunch of good things every day.

Originally, things that needed 10 tries to succeed only needed one try now!

Even if she bought a nutritional drink, she could buy another bottle ten times in a row.

Dr. Ling was forever a god!!!

Unfortunately, she had yet to see the legendary creator of Dr. Ling, the genius mechanic from the Floating Realm…

…

After Shi Yu woke up, the team was much more lively.

Apart from Ling, the pets reported the situation to Shi Yu in the past two days.

“Wuuu!”

Just as it ended the long-range mental communication with Ling, Eleven ran over.

It waved its arm up and down and explained to Shi Yu the great injustice it and Buggy had encountered in the ranking battle of all races.

It could roughly be simplified to: purple-skinned, holey person, has skills, can replicate, and can fight above its level. Interesting. After hearing about this, he was interested in participating.

“You encountered the Star Refining Race?”

Shi Yu asked curiously as he opened the thermos beside the bed and gulped down the nutritious food inside.

“Wuu!!” Eleven nodded heavily.

“Ji!!” Buggy crawled over at this moment. It felt that Eleven might not necessarily have compatibility, but it might be able to learn it.

However, Buggy really couldn’t imagine what arms it needed as Green Dragon.

Could it be that it had to learn from Chi Tong and become Sword Dragon?

“How do you feel the opponent’s strength?” Shi Yu asked.

Eleven said, “Wuu.”

“Alright.” Shi Yu smiled. Then he would invite the other party over when he was free and treat it to a meal. He could also replicate its skills.

To be honest, Shi Yu didn’t know if his pets could learn it. However, he felt that this should be a universal skill similar to multiplication. Everyone hoped for it.

At that time, Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong, Susu, Ling, Little Ji, Duckie… It didn’t seem bad for everyone to have a Star Arms?

This arms skill was equivalent to carrying a legal backup energy source and using a planet as a backup power. It still made sense for the Star Refining Race to be ranked 202.

“As for a battle above your level, if you’re willing to participate, so be it. However, don’t force it. Don’t force it if you can’t defeat it. Just admit defeat immediately,” Shi Yu said.

“Wu wu wu!!” Eleven patted its chest to indicate that there was no problem.

At this moment, after obtaining Shi Yu’s permission, Eleven was immediately happy. At the same time, Shi Yu turned around and told the good news of the Four Saints Meeting to Buggy, who was inseparable from Eleven.

“In the Four Saints Meeting, there are evolved individuals of the Green Dragon everywhere. Perhaps we can replicate some skills suitable for you over there and buy some items of the Four Saints’ faith to increase your foundation.”

“What do you think?”

“Roar!!!” Buggy excitedly recovered to become a dragon. Great!!

After arriving at the World King Planet, it didn’t dare to use its power of faith at all.

Now, the power of faith stored in Buggy’s body was probably only enough for it to maintain the Creation Domain and fight with all its might for eight hours. Every minute and second was extremely precious.

They were all collected and stored in its body on Blue Planet before it left. This was only the consumption of the Creation Domain. If it used the power of faith to strengthen the Green Dragon Indestructible Body in battle and used the Dragon Star Group, it might not even be able to last half of eight hours.

Poor, poor. If it had sufficient power of faith, no matter how strong Eleven was now, would it be tortured by the leader?

At the moment, the strongest skill in the team, in terms of potential, was actually Buggy’s Creation Domain. Unfortunately, because it was too strong and the restrictions were too great, it needed to be strengthened with the power of faith to display its full strength.

If it had unlimited power of faith, Buggy’s Green Dragon Indestructible Body would also be far stronger than the Battle God Body. After all, this was equivalent to thousands of believers using their strength to strengthen Buggy together.

“Alright, tell Chi Tong, Little Zi, and the others about the news,” Shi Yu said with a smile.

“Roar!!” Buggy listened and immediately ran to announce the good news. On the way… it glanced at Susu.

“Ji… (Susu, work hard. When the time comes, how many Green Dragon faith tools you can buy will depend on you.)”

Susu: “?”

…

That night, Ling also returned home.

During dinner, Shi Yu and his family gathered and chatted.

“Ling, you should have completed the modification, right? Isn’t it time to learn Starry Sky Storm next?” Shi Yu asked.