Chapter 1369 - 1369 Baby Team Takes Off (3)

1369 Baby Team Takes Off (3)

Shi Yu’s hand first pressed on the turtle’s… head.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Increase points… Spin impact!

It was the Turtle Ramming Attack!

Buzz!

White light flickered. Shi Yu wasn’t affected at all before pressing his hand on Little Quas’s head.

He was now at Level 9 with two demigod battle power configurations. It was simply extremely easy to add some low-level skills.

If this could be tiring, then this cheat had to exist.

In the second round, he increased points for Water Spear!

Shi Yu added some water guns to Little Quas. Then, with a blue flash, he pressed his hand on the cat’s head.

This time, Shi Yu had a high-level skill, Deterrence Stats!

Buzz!

Platinum light flickered.

“Meow!!!” Shorty was arrogant.

At this moment, the three babies didn’t feel anything.

It felt extremely comfortable.

Because they only added points once, the individual nutritional supplements they ate every day could also allow their skill level to increase quickly, so their senses weren’t very strong.

However, Shi Yu’s hand didn’t stop at all!

One second at a time!

Clap, clap, clap.

Just like fighting a ground rat, his hand kept pressing on the heads of Turtle, Little Quas, and Cat. +1+1+1+1+1+1 continuously…

Consecutive +1s appeared on the heads of Turtle, Little Quas, and Cat, making their expressions gradually stunned.

“Hu hu hu!!!” Turtle was shocked. What happened to it?

“Wu~~” Little Quas was also shocked, and the temperature of its body plummeted.

“Meow!!!” Apart from being shocked, the cat’s gem eyes lit up as it looked at Shi Yu in admiration.

Divine… miracle!!

There was no need for Baby Ginseng’s support at all. There was no need for any pet support at all. Shi Yu increased his points crazily.

Soon, apart from super skills, all the low, intermediate, and high-level skills of the Turtle, Little Quas, and Gem Cat had reached above-perfect proficiency, close to transcendent!!

As for Shi Yu, he was only a little tired. It wasn’t the kind of tiredness, but like a sage mode that had been playing games for a long time.

Ah, it was so tiring to add points. Couldn’t the trash index have a low-level skill, ten consecutive hits, a hundred consecutive hits, and a full-level function?

It was so troublesome to circulate and add points every time.

“How is it?”

However, Shi Yu looked at Turtle, Little Quas, and Cat. From their expressions, the effect seemed to be pretty good.

“Of course, super skills can’t be added like this. Although it doesn’t affect me much, it’s a destruction to your willpower. This is also why I trained your willpower previously.”

“Those training are all preparations to increase points. As long as you can last 10 months, it’s not a big problem to reach the demigod level. However, what rank you can reach depends on your own hard work during this period of time.”

“If I can train my overlord will, I will definitely have relatively good results. If it’s still mid-level will, the efficiency of adding points might not be very high.”

“How is it? Can you withstand it?”

“Hu hu hu!!”

“Wu~~”

“Meow!!!” The three pets had serious expressions. What a joke. There was such a good thing?

Could this be the special training that Senior Eleven mentioned to destroy one’s will and heart?

Why not let them do more? Otherwise, this point wouldn’t feel right…

If they had known that training could allow them to enjoy adding points… They would definitely have been able to withstand 10 times the training previously.

“Alright, collective transformation, right?” The corners of Shi Yu’s mouth twitched. “I won’t be cheeky with you anymore, Eleven. Continue adding points. After adding points, I’ll continue sleeping. By the way, I still have a divine skill here. Turtle, Little Quas, it’s prepared for you. Do you want to learn it?”

“Huh?”

“Wu??” Turtle and Little Quas were stunned.

Shi Yu said, “This skill is called the Black Tortoise Fusion Technique. It’s a skill developed by Dong Huang’s second Legendary Beast Tamer, Emperor Wu. It can allow the Turtle Race and the Snake Race, who are telepathically connected, to fuse and evolve into the Four Holy Beasts, the Black Tortoise.”

“Of course, you can separate later.” Shi Yu smiled.

Turtle: !!!

Little Quas: !!!

Fusion?!

Cat: “?”

“Mi…!” Wait, this wasn’t a car to the God Sealing Battle!

“How do you know everything?” Shi Yu looked at the celebrity-chasing cat with a dark expression. Was this a celebrity-chasing girl? This cat probably didn’t create a random couple for him, right?

“Don’t think too much. It’s just that it fused and evolved into a Black Tortoise, obtaining stronger power at the last minute. You two little guys, be more pure-minded. Don’t tell me that your race doesn’t have any records of Black Tortoises. Even if you don’t understand it in the race, you should have attended cultural classes with Ling after coming to me, right?” Shi Yu said weakly.

…

That night, Shi Yu relied on himself to upgrade the low, intermediate, and high-level skills of Turtle, Little Quas, and Shorty to transcendent.

As for consumption, it only drank a large cup of nourishing beauty water. It didn’t delay the team of pets from doing their own thing at all.

As for Turtle, Little Quas, and Shorty, they felt that this night had improved more than their bitter cultivation in the past few months.

For a moment, their feelings were complicated. They were suddenly filled with hope for the future…

If this could continue, the God Sealing Battle…

“Top 10…” Little Quas silently set a small goal in its residence with its tail. Apart from the nine seniors who were participating in the first team, there were also Turtle and Shorty who could participate. In other words, there might be 12 members on the team.