Chapter 1366 - 1366 Demigod Vs True God (5)

1366 Demigod vs True God (5)

Soon, Eleven and Buggy returned happily.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

With the anticipation of a battle above his level, Eleven immediately lost interest in a battle of the same level.

However, it was true. It was too difficult to find a demigod stronger than the purple-skinned hole person in the Blue Wave World.

After Eleven and Buggy returned, Chi Tong, who had finished watching the movie, returned one after another with the second team’s cubs.

Right on the heels of that, Eleven was considering whether to awaken Shi Yu first and discuss the big matter of replicating skills and fighting above its level!

“Ji!! (Let the Beast Tamer sleep a little longer.)”

“Wuu!!” Eleven nodded. Alright then.

However, if Eleven and Buggy wanted the Beast Tamer to sleep more, Shi Yu’s heartless little secretary couldn’t care less.

As soon as something happened, it would directly shake Shi Yu awake through telepathy from several regions.

“Wu ah ah ah, what are you doing?” Shi Yu said a little angrily after being woken up.

Didn’t he say not to wake him unless it was something important? He felt that he didn’t sleep for long this time.

Disaster Research Institute.

Ling flew out of the research institute and said, “Master, there’s a message. It’s Senior Lin Feng.”

“Oh??” Shi Yu was immediately not sleepy. “The Kirin Race confirmed the Wind Blessing and prepared a thank-you gift??”

Ling said, “Unfortunately, no, Master, stop dreaming.”

“But it’s still pretty good news.”

“The Four Saints Meeting that happens every 10 years in the first-level domain, the Heavenly Spirit Domain, is about to begin. Senior Lin Feng was also invited. He asked if you wanted to participate together. There will be participants from the Blue Planet Dragon Race and the Blue Planet Phoenix Race.”

“Four Saints Meeting… What’s that?” Shi Yu asked in a daze.

Ling said, “It’s a conference organized by many individuals and cosmic races who are evolving towards the four holy beasts. At the conference, many items of the faith of the four holy beasts will be sold. According to tradition, there might even be items of faith of the era appearing as the final treasure. Of course, these are all secondary.”

“In the Heavenly Spirit Domain, there’s an era ruin in a half-cracked state. It’s filled with a large amount of the power of faith of the four holy beasts. It’s a very good opportunity to freeload the power of faith. During the conference, this era ruin will be temporarily opened. Many evolution individuals of the four holy beasts will compete and kill here just to obtain the power of faith.”

“I’m thinking that if we want to learn that skill, there might be the materials needed at this meeting.” Ling analyzed. “We can choose not to go to the dangerous ruins, but there’s no harm in going to the meeting.”

Shi Yu finally woke up. The Four Saints Meeting… the faith overdraft… the half-cracked era ruins… The danger was really dangerous. After all, every Green Dagon, every Vermillion Bird, every Black Tortoise, and every White Tiger were mortal enemies fighting for faith. However… with Brother Lin Feng around, it shouldn’t be a big problem.

“When is it?”

“In two months, but you have to register in advance. Senior Lin Feng is waiting for your news.”

“Alright, let’s go.”

“Well… I can take advantage of this period of time to increase the levels of Little Quas, Turtle, and Cat before going over there to find their evolution materials and skill materials… By the way, Ling, remember to supervise me when we get there. You’re not allowed to let me approach the ruins. Before I reach the divine level, I don’t plan to touch the ruins in the universe…”

…