Chapter 1364 - 1364 Demigod Vs True God (3)

1364 Demigod vs True God (3)

Buzz!!

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The venue returned to calm. As Eleven landed with a bang, it raised its head and looked at its opponent. The expression of the Star Refining Race’s Fanba could no longer be described as incredulous.

“Sob…” At this moment, Eleven also panted. It saw that its opponent seemed to be even weaker than it and walked back to the arena step by step.

It was over…

It, Panda King Eleven… was indeed the strongest!

“I…” It was difficult for the Star Refining Race’s Fanba to accept, but then, the huge pain in its abdomen still made it lose consciousness. Before it lost consciousness, it saw the monster called Eleven in the corner of its eye and punched its stomach.

Bang!!!

The mace left its hand, and Fanba was sent flying. It shattered the wall and completely lost consciousness!!

Scenes were clearly transmitted to the working room of the Myriad Races Committee by the judge robot.

At this moment, the group of Myriad Race Committee staff led by Director Sen had already fallen completely silent amidst continuous surprise.

“How can this be…”

“The whole time, the whole time, it defeated the Star Refining Race with its physical strength!”

“Its body endured the unsealed Star Arms head-on, and in the end, its strength was even better. It doesn’t look unscientific no matter how I look at it.”

“The body resists the power of the stars. Is this an Iron-eating Beast or a Star Beast!!”

As the battle ended, waves of discussion immediately came from the extremely silent office hall. Obviously, everyone was rather confused about the process of this battle.

“The Light Control it used to fight Green Dragon is a top-notch divine skill. This battle… is useless.”

“If it’s used, how strong will its battle power be? Is there any hope of fighting a true god above its level?”

Amidst everyone’s surprise, Director Sen also swallowed his saliva and thought of a possibility.

“Could it be that this guy is using its opponent as a sparring partner according to the opponent’s difference? If it used a skill, it would definitely be able to win this battle more easily, but why does it have to win in such a miserable state?”

“It’s the same this time, and the last time too. Did it not use its full strength in every battle and only train itself…”

Everyone felt that this guess was ridiculous. Using a genius of the Star Refining Race who had a chance of being in the top 100 of the God Sealing Battle as a battle sparring partner with just his physique? What a joke. Even those monstrous geniuses in the top 10 of the God Sealing Battle who could suppress primary-level gods, could they do it?

Who exactly was this Iron-eating Beast Race?

Bang, bang!

Director Sen got up from the chair and turned to leave. When the chair hit the table, he had already left the room. His goal was to go straight to the place where the battle happened.

In the arena, Eleven looked at the unconscious opponent and hurriedly called Buggy.

“Buggy, Buggy, give it some medicine.”

“Roger!” Under the ridiculous expressions of Sen Nian and the green dragon next door, Green Silkworm teleported to the position where Fanba was and opened the dimensional space. Strange green liquid kept flowing out of it and dripped into Fanba’s body.

“Cough, cough.” A moment later, Fanba recovered consciousness. The moment it recovered its consciousness, it suddenly got up and looked around cautiously. Then, it saw Eleven holding the spoils of war.

It… it lost.

Fanba wasn’t unfamiliar with losing. When it participated in the God Sealing Battle, it had lost to stronger opponents.

However, this was the first time it had lost so ridiculously and aggrievedly. It still couldn’t believe that it would one day be defeated by its opponent with only physical strength!

“Wu wu wu!!” Eleven picked up the mace and weighed it curiously. It walked forward with small steps and handed it to the purple-skinned holey person.

“Don’t be depressed. Its skills are all physique skills. Physical strength is its strongest point. You’re already very strong. Let’s be friends for now and fight next time.” Buggy encouraged from the side.

“…” After a moment of silence, the purple-skinned caveman was still silent. Really?

Was there really a monster that only cultivated the body in this universe?

Even the cosmic behemoth race, which had the strongest physical body in the entire universe, cultivated other stats power, right?

“I lost…” A moment later, it sighed. It had to admit that it was right to come to the various major worlds to train because its skills were inferior. There was really no limit to the sky. Apart from the monsters who often participated in the God Sealing Battle, there were actually so many unknown freaks in the other competitions.

“Alright, let’s be friends,” it said. “Let’s fight again next time.”

Next time, it definitely wouldn’t lose.

At this moment, it seemed to have seen Eleven’s limit.

Apart from that, it also looked at the stunned Sen Nian and the green dragon beside it with an unfriendly expression.

These two guys were scamming it, right?

It didn’t believe that with Eleven’s battle power, it could barely defeat a Blue Wave Green Dragon!

That punch that was enough to blow up a small planet could crush the green dragon with a single punch.

“Well, well, well…” At this moment, Sen Nian swallowed his saliva crazily and said, “Can you… count us in…”

To be honest, he also wanted to make a friend.

Strong, too strong. Be it the Star Refining Race’s Fanba or this Iron-eating Beast Eleven, they were as strong as monsters. He and Gorka had to make friends with such monsters. Only in this way could they improve faster!!

“You’re too weak,” the purple-skinned caveman said mercilessly. If it weren’t for these two guys lying about the information, would it have been sent flying by its opponent in the first round?

Sen Nian and Green Dragon: “Ruthless…”

“No,” Eleven also rejected. It didn’t fancy any of Green Dragon’s skills and didn’t have any compatibility with it.

Unlike this purple-skinned caveman, who liked to refine star skills and control darkness very much.