Chapter 1361 - 1361 Crushing Stars (4)

1361 Crushing Stars (4)

“Let’s go.” The Star Refining Race’s Fanba nodded and walked to the battlefield. He had already determined that this battle was most likely deliberately arranged by the Myriad Races Committee.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

That was indeed the case…

Not only were Sen Nian and the green dragon present in this battle, but behind them, with Director Sen as the lead, many staff members of the Myriad Races Committee of the Blue Wave Branch were paying attention behind the screen.

“Even if this Eleven defeats the Blue Wave Green Dragon Race, isn’t it too difficult to fight the Star Refining Race…”

“It can’t be helped. At the moment, only the Star Refining Race is here.”

“…”

Many staff members looked at the screen in silence. Soon, under the command of the judge robot, the battle began.

The battle style of the Star Refining Race was that no matter what battle it was, it had to use the weapon it had refined to fight. This was because the victory of the battle could bring about the upgrade of the weapon and complete the tempering of the weapon. Therefore, at the scene, the Star Refining Race’s Fanba directly stretched out its hand and summoned a weapon similar to a black mace.

On it was filled with thick dark fluctuations. There were actually dark law ripples lingering, making Eleven’s eyes widen!!

Dark Star? Wait, this purple-skinned cave person didn’t still have dark control at the quasi-divine skill level, right??

At the thought of this, Eleven was even more excited.

Star Refining Divine Skill and Dark Control Divine Skill. If these skills were both replicated and learned, wouldn’t it be invincible?

Its light control could also fuse with its dark control!

“Ji!!!” Even Buggy thought of this possibility and couldn’t help but show a collapsed expression beside Sen Nian and the green dragon. No way.

The leader couldn’t be so lucky, right? It encountered a skill the moment it came up?

“What’s wrong?” Sen Nian and Green Dragon looked at the shocked Green Silkworm.

At this moment, because he was too excited, Eleven completely didn’t notice that the judge had already announced the start, but the opponent’s movements were very fast.

Buzz!!!

Space fluctuations blinked. The Star Refining Race, who was holding the Dark Star Mace, directly teleported in front of Eleven.

Boom!!!

It held the mace in both hands and suddenly smashed it the moment it appeared. During the process of waving the mace, black light made space tremble and let out a violent boom.

In an instant, Sen Nian and the green dragon were attracted by this terrifying attack. It was this that had once knocked them out with a swing and even lost the strength to activate the Law of Life.

This terrifying attack was only on World King Planet. If it was on a low-level planet, it completely had the ability to destroy the world.

An attack was equivalent to a super meteorite hitting another star. It could cause very terrifying destructive power.

Boom!!

The sound of the attack continued.

“Wuu!!” However, in this world-destroying attack, Sen Nian and the green dragon suddenly discovered that with a discordant cry, the body of the Star Refining Race’s Fanba suddenly stopped in midair. The battle scene seemed to have frozen!

The huge dark mace was directly caught by the Iron-eating Beast Eleven’s outstretched palm.

No energy fluctuations leaked out. Iron-eating Beast Eleven simply stretched out its palm and relied on its physical strength to receive this attack. This scene was unbelievable, making the Star Refining Race’s Fanba clench his arms in disbelief.

Because it felt that if it didn’t use a little more strength, its arms would be snatched away by its opponent!!

Wait a minute…

Fanba looked at Eleven in disbelief, its body trembling with the mace. It saw the harmless little Iron-eating Beast opposite it looking at it excitedly.

“Your strength isn’t bad. Do you want to be friends?” After Eleven finished speaking, it squeezed hard. With a crack, a crack appeared in the weapon refined from a small dark star.

Star Refining Race’s Fanba: ???

Sen Nian and the Green Dragon: “?”

“How is this possible!!!” The staff of the Myriad Race Committee, who were observing in the dark, watched this scene with their mouths agape.

The attack of the Star Refining Race, a race ranked 200+ among the races in the starry sky, whose personal strength was almost in the top 100 of the God Sealing Battle, was actually stumped by the opponent with only physical strength??

Just as everyone was in disbelief, Eleven swung hard. The sailbar holding the mace immediately seemed to have encountered an extremely powerful impact, and its body was immediately sent flying like an afterimage.

Boom!!!

It suddenly hit the reinforced wall of the battlefield, and spiderweb-like cracks appeared.

Fanba was embedded in the wall. It spat out a mouthful of saliva in pain and coughed dryly.

Then, it immediately opened its eyes in shock and looked at the newbie of the Myriad Race Ranking Battle that it had helped set.

It, who resonated with the small dark star, was like a star life form encountering a cosmic behemoth that ate planets. Fear involuntarily appeared in its heart.

“Iron-eating Beast Race??” It looked at Eleven for the first time. Was it sure this was the Iron-eating Beast Race and not a cosmic behemoth?

It even turned its head stiffly and looked at Sen Nian and the green dragon, who had just said that their opponents weren’t very strong. Was this the guy they were talking about? The guy who barely won against them?

From the moment it was born until now, it had never encountered a monster that relied on its physical strength to defend against its attack and almost crushed a star, sending it flying in strength!!

It thought for a moment. Probably only a cosmic behemoth with the strongest body in the universe could reach this level!

At this moment, Sen Nian and Green Dragon Gorka, who were swept by Fanba’s gaze, were also very stunned. They also looked at Eleven, who was twisting its wrist, in confusion.

How was this possible… When fighting them, this Iron-eating Beast wasn’t like this!!

How was this power possible…

“Ji…” At this moment, Buggy quickly patched Eleven and said, “The last time it fought you, it hadn’t eaten for a month. It was extremely weak. This is its true strength!”

Sen Nian and the green dragon looked at the three-year-old worm: ???

As if they would believe him. Who didn’t eat when they went out to fight!