Chapter 1362 - 1362 Demigod Vs True God

1362 Demigod vs True God

Sen Nian and the Blue Wave Green Dragon couldn’t believe what they had seen and heard because this was too strange. Green Dragon, who had fought Eleven personally, believed in what it had experienced personally.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

It was certain that although Eleven was powerful, there was definitely no qualitative difference between its battle power and its own.

However, in the past 10 years, the Star Refining Race’s Fanba was considered a top-notch monster in the entire World King Planet with non-divine battle power. If it weren’t for the fact that it had only debuted for a short period of time and didn’t have any human contractors, it wasn’t impossible for it to enter the top 50 and top 10 one day.

There was definitely a qualitative difference between Fanba’s strengths and theirs. However, such a monster that was enough to crush them had now made them fall into a disadvantageous position after defeating an incomplete guy half a month ago…

This…

“Are you suspecting me?”

Seeing the young man and the green dragon’s disbelief, Buggy said, “Otherwise, why do you think it could last so long last time? Otherwise, why do you think it has the strength to stand up every time? This is all because its body is invincible to begin with. It’s really because it didn’t eat last time and didn’t perform well!”

Buggy almost believed it. The other party didn’t believe it.

It could even create the world. What was wrong with creating a lie now?

“…” The human Beast Tamer, Sen Nian, and the green dragon, Gorka, looked at the battlefield in silence. The power of Eleven’s attack was indeed powerful. Although the materials of the battlefield here weren’t built according to the standard of divine-level battles, it was definitely not something ordinary demigods could destroy.

Looking at the Star Refining Race’s Fanba that was smashed into the crack in the wall, they swallowed their saliva together. However, Fanba was indeed worthy of its strength. After being hit so warmly by Eleven, they quickly adjusted their mentality and landed back on the arena.

“How can you make friends like this?” Fanba looked at the dark mace that had cracks like the wall and recalled Eleven’s words just now. Ridiculous…

“Wuu!!!” Eleven didn’t care so much. It was definitely going to make this friend.

Bang!!!

Eleven ran and sprinted out, and its figure instantly disappeared. Although its speed wasn’t as fast as the Lightspeed Fist, with just physical skills, although Eleven’s attack was a little slow, it consumed almost no energy.

The moment a crack appeared on the ground, Eleven’s attack triggered the gust, making Fanba, who was opposite it, feel extremely strong pressure. Its expression changed.

It understood that if it didn’t use its full strength, it was impossible to defeat this monster… However, even if it used its full strength, it couldn’t guarantee that it could defeat this Iron-eating Beast Race…

He would give it his all…

The gaze of the Star Refining Race’s Fanba turned cold, and it waved the mace in its hand again. During this process, the cracked mace gradually recovered. At the same time, compared to the almost normal attack last time, Fanba directly stacked all the buffs that could be stacked!

Dark Control, Dark Devour Law!

Space Control, Space Quake Law!

Two quasi-divine skills were added to the Star Arms. Fanba’s attack was even more luxurious than the previous attack. Of course, the consumption was even greater. With a boom, Eleven’s fist collided with the mace again!!

This time, Eleven immediately felt that its strength had been swallowed a lot. At the same time, the other party’s strength was even greater. It kept trembling, from its fist to its entire body, and its internal organs were injured!!

Crack!!!

The moment the two parties collided, wisps of strong wind shot out like bullets. Cracks appeared on the ground and the surrounding walls. The entire battle facility swayed, as if it was about to collapse at any time.

“Roar!!” Eleven sensed the change in the other party. It was still ferocious and its strength didn’t decrease.

“You…” Seeing that although its opponent’s strength had been swallowed a lot, it could still resist the attack enhanced by the spatial power and receive the damage without changing its expression, the Star Refining Race’s Fanba revealed an unhappy expression.

This guy was still using its physical strength to fight the enemy!

The reason why Fanba felt that it didn’t have the confidence to win even if it went all out was because Eleven’s physical strength alone made it feel huge pressure. And now that it went all out, Eleven still didn’t use other methods. This kind of battle where it couldn’t see the depth of the enemy made it feel a lot of pressure.

Boom!!!

In an instant, the two parties were evenly matched. Fanba first wanted to hide and dodge, but it sensed that the other party’s terrifying strength was focused on a point that was enough to distort space. It turned and teleported into the distance, but Eleven’s movement speed was also extremely fast. The two parties immediately collided a second time in another place!!

Another shocking aftermath swept across, making the venue a mess. A storm swept the battlefield!

In the next second, light flashed, and they collided again with a bang.

In the next second, the light flashed again. With a boom, the collision occurred in different places every time.

Both parties kept moving, attacking and defending. In the blink of an eye, it was already difficult to see their figures clearly on the arena. Only the aftermath of bangs kept spreading all over the arena, sweeping up a storm.

During this period, Fanba used almost all the methods it could use. However, in its despair, it discovered that this Iron-eating Beast Race was a freak. It kept using its physical strength to collide with its Star Arms, as if it didn’t care about its injuries at all. Moreover, its condition wouldn’t fall at all. Instead, as the battle went deeper, it also felt that the other party’s strength was increasing!

“What’s this…”

In the audience, Sen Nian and Green Dragon opened their mouths wide and watched the battle that gradually couldn’t keep up with the tempo. They swallowed crazily. Fanba was still so strong, but that Iron-eating Beast was indeed using its physical strength to deal with it the whole time. The spatial power, high-temperature fire, light control, and many other skills from the last time weren’t used at all.