Chapter 1363 - 1363 Demigod Vs True God (2)

1363 Demigod vs True God (2)

Even so, from the looks of it, it was still suppressing the Star Refining Race’s Fanba!!

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

This made Sen Nian and the green dragon almost go crazy. So last time… what exactly happened?

“Ji…” At this moment, seeing that Eleven had finally released the power of the Battle God Body to its heart’s content, Buggy was also quite excited. As expected of a top-notch battle physique. No, it was better to say that it was as expected of a leader. Just one Battle God Body wasn’t enough to make Eleven so strong. Its powerful foundation was also the key to letting the Battle God Body display such a strong effect. With five top-notch divine skills on its body, it was difficult for its foundation to be poor.

Boom!!!

After a few minutes of collision, two figures appeared in the center of the arena at the same time. Then, they appeared and slid back. A long crack appeared under their feet before they stabilized their bodies with friction.

As far as the eye could see, Fanba’s Star Mace was already extremely broken and lacking a corner. As for Eleven, who was on the other side, it was also covered in injuries. However, the most infuriating thing was that Fanba felt its strength gradually decrease, but it didn’t feel the other party’s strength decrease. Not only did it maintain this one-meter-long cute form, but its strength was also continuing to increase. It really couldn’t understand.

“Who exactly are you?” Fanba of the Star Refining Race asked. “You’re so strong, it’s impossible for you to be unknown.”

“Wuu!!!” The mace of the Star Refining Race’s Fanba recovered again. The injuries on Eleven’s body also began to heal at a high speed. Eleven looked at it and said, “Panda King Eleven!!! The strongest expert of the Iron-eating Beast Race!!”

“Are you making friends or not?” Eleven asked again.

The Star Refining Race’s Fanba gritted its teeth. So, what Iron-eating Beast? Panda? It had never heard of it!!

Which realm had mutated this monster race? To be able to suppress it at the same level, it felt that it was no problem to rank in the top 100 of the cosmic races.

“As long as you can withstand my attack, I’ll make you a friend,” the Star Refining Race’s Fanba said.

As soon as it finished speaking, black mist began to spread from the Star Arms. Under the entanglement of the black mist, its appearance changed a little, becoming thicker, larger, and darker than before!

The size of the purple-skinned holey person in Eleven’s eyes also began to increase exponentially. A black light spot began to condense in every hole on its body and gradually expanded into small stars that floated on Fanba’s body one by one!

In particular, two dark star-like eyes condensed in its empty eyes.

Boom!!!

The dark aura that was several times stronger than before was directly revealed. The overwhelming aura made the expressions of Sen Nian and the green dragon in the audience change drastically again, and also surprised Buggy.

“The weapons of the Star Refining Race are usually stronger than their main bodies. It consumes a lot of energy to control arms, so usually, the arms are in a sealed state. Only when they encounter a strong enemy will they break the seal. The high consumption also brings stronger destructive power.” As Sen Nian muttered, the Star Refining Race’s Fanba had already raised the mace high. At the tip of the mace, a black energy ball that had been compressed to the extreme and kept spinning began to be born!!

An incomparably deep terrifying power that was like a star exploding spread on it. Seeing this, Eleven, who was opposite him, revealed a cautious expression for the first time.

“Dark… Destruction…!!” The Star Refining Race’s Fanba roared. The terrifying black ball sealed the space and slid over like a dark star, gradually enlarging as it smashed towards Eleven!!

Seeing this, just as Buggy thought that Eleven was going to use the thought of a god to activate a single berserk form, it didn’t expect that the leader was even wilder than it. Its warpath directly erupted, and the monstrous power of the warpath instantly broke through the spatial seal. However, Eleven had no intention of dodging, nor did it want to rely on its stronger state to crush it. It still punched at the dark star!!

“Wuu!!!” Eleven punched in the air and instantly compressed the air to the limit, forming a violent air cannon. It surprisingly still wanted to rely on its physical strength to resist this attack. For Eleven, victory and defeat weren’t the most important now. Through the pressure of the outside world, training its Battle God Body could make its physique stronger. This opportunity was rare.

Boom!!!

The Dark Star Charge and Eleven seriously punched each other. First, the Dark Star Charge caved in like a balloon being pressed. Then, with a roar from the Star Refining Race’s Fanba opposite, it erupted with stronger power and even erupted with overload to increase its power!

Buzz!!!

The impact of the dark star increased again, and it swallowed Eleven’s fist wind. Then, with a bang, the fist wind was swallowed. The black light and Eleven hit the opposite wall together. Under the eruption of the endless dark power, the black ball star continued to crush the wall, already crushing a huge hole. Eleven was in the center of the crush and experienced crazy friction!

Such a spectacular scene stunned Sen Nian and the green dragon. It also made Fanba, who was weakly using the mace to support its body on the arena, pant as it stared intently at the opposite side…

“Ji…” At this moment, Buggy let out a regretful voice. Battle God Body… The heavier the injury, the stronger the strength. The leader was clearly using the pressure of the other party’s attack to train its body…

Boom!!!

Just as Buggy’s thought fell, the dark star that kept spinning and rubbing on the wall exploded with a bang. A huge hole appeared in the middle of the entire ball, as if a hole had been blasted open. It was extremely shocking. On the other side of the hole, a black and white bear with a broken body no different from the wall swung its arm, and the remaining star power dissipated with a bang!!