Chapter 1365 - 1365 Demigod Vs True God (4)

1365 Demigod vs True God (4)

Sen Nian and the green dragon shouted in their hearts: Heartless!!!

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Ji!! (Don’t be discouraged, come again after you become stronger!)” Buggy lay on Eleven’s shoulder and shook its head. Work hard and train a top-notch wood-element divine skill. Perhaps Baby Ginseng would make friends with you!

Sen Nian and the green dragon’s mentalities completely collapsed. They felt ostracized. This was even more uncomfortable than losing the battle.

“Big brother with the mace, leave your contact information. We’ll call you to eat together another day and spar again!!” Eleven waved its hand, anxious to establish a good relationship with Fanba of the Star Refining Race.

Shi Yu was still sleeping. They could only work hard first.

If it let this guy go, the universe was so big, so who knew where the next Star Refining Race would be?

“Uh…” The corners of Fanba’s mouth twitched. Big Brother? It was still young! It was only in its thirties. It was sure that this Iron-eating Beast, Eleven, was definitely an old monster much older than it. Why was it pretending to be young?

Not only in appearance, but also in voice…

At this moment, another voice sounded.

“Wait, contestant Eleven, sorry to disturb you.”

Director Sen, a divine-level Beast Tamer in a formal suit, rushed over from outside. He heaved a sigh of relief when he saw that Eleven and the others were still around.

“Uncle…?” Sen Nian looked at the person with a headache. Just now, in the office, he even said that Gorka didn’t defeat Eleven last time because he was careless, but after this battle ended, even if he and Green Dragon added up, what right did they have to fight this Iron-eating Beast?

The last time… it really didn’t eat?

He began to doubt himself.

“Fanba, you’re also here.” Director Sen also smiled at Fanba and introduced himself. “Hello, everyone. I’m Director Sen from the seventh office of the Blue Wave Branch of the Myriad Races Committee. I also saw the battle just now. Excuse me, contestant Eleven, are you interested in participating in a battle above your level?”

Fanba’s expression changed slightly.

“Fight above my level?” Eleven was curious.

Director Sen said, “Yeah, a battle above your level. You’ve already carried out two ranking competitions, but you didn’t use your full strength at all. There’s no longer an opponent suitable for you among the quasi-divine levels in the Blue Wave World.”

“If you want to see where the limit of your potential is, you can apply to the Myriad Race Committee to fight above your level. You can enter the Myriad Race Battlefield of the ‘second world’ at the level of a quasi-divine and match divine-level opponents to fight above your level. You don’t have to wait until the divine level to have the authority to enter.”

“If we can win a battle above your level, there will be a higher increase in the ranking of your race.”

“At the same time, as long as you can win a battle, your battle results will also be learned by the headquarters of the Myriad Races Committee. The benefits you obtain will be even more unimaginable. Perhaps many cosmic races will throw you an invitation.”

“The Myriad Races Committee has a fund that specializes in nurturing new and powerful racial groups. We can fight for them.”

“Not only can you benefit, but the entire Iron-eating Beast Race can also benefit from your perfect performance.”

Director Sen felt that the Sen family was definitely not qualified to rope in this monster, Iron-eating Beast Race. Then, why not treat it as a performance? If he could push a quasi-divine who could defeat a divine-level expert to the headquarters, he would also obtain a lot of benefits.

“Contestant Eleven, you don’t have to worry. A battle above your level won’t be given to a divine level who’s too powerful. It’s basically a low-level god with an extremely low race ranking. With your powerful body, together with your previous Light Control and that mysterious top-notch millstone divine skill, the chances of victory are very high!” Director Sen said crazily.

However, when he heard that there was a top-notch divine skill, Fanba, who was beside him, was suddenly stunned and looked at Buggy.

Then, it looked at Eleven.

What? The purple-skinned holey person was stunned. Why was there a top-notch millstone divine skill? What was that?

“Moreover, if you can win, you should be the youngest winner of a battle above your level, right? At the age of four, you can fight a true god above your level!!” Director Sen said. “After obtaining the recognition of the headquarters, there will be a larger stage to improve yourself!!”

Four years old!

After hearing that, Fanba of the Star Refining Race was stunned again. After thinking about it carefully, its chest suddenly felt stuffy, and its brain rumbled.

“Wu wu wu!!!” Eleven was already eager to try fighting above its level when it heard Director Sen’s words!!

Higher ranking!!

It looked at Buggy with shining eyes and asked how it was.

“Ji!!” Buggy also felt that it could give it a try. With the leader’s current strength, it was definitely not a problem to fight a junior god.

The divine beast that the first place in the God Sealing Battle wanted to challenge was an intermediate god, and it wasn’t a weak intermediate god.

If it couldn’t even defeat weaker primary-level gods, how could it fight it?

“Let’s go back and prepare. We’ll challenge when we’re ready~” Eleven said.

It was mainly because he had to tell its guardian, Shi Yu, and obtain Shi Yu’s permission.

Moreover, Eleven felt that it still needed to strengthen itself. These top-notch divine skills were still at a proficient level. If it could be raised to expert level, it would definitely be more stable to fight junior gods.

“Alright, alright, no problem.” Seeing that Eleven had agreed, Director Sen burst with joy.

However, at this moment, a discordant voice came from Fanba. It pointed at Eleven with a broken expression and said, “It just… just now, there were still top-notch divine skills that it didn’t use?”

“Moreover… it’s only… four years old??”

It seemed that it had suffered a greater blow than losing the battle just now.

Sen Nian, the Green Dragon, Director Sen, and Green Silkworm looked at it, wanting to say something but stopping themselves…

Yes.

…