Chapter 1360 - 1360 Crushing Stars (3)

1360 Crushing Stars (3)

“For you, Eleven is indeed a very good opponent, but according to the rules of the ranking competition, you can’t repeat the battle. Moreover, facing a four-year-old opponent, even if you win a second time, what’s there to be proud of…” Director Sen said.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Sen Nian and the green dragon were speechless. Damn it, so why was the other party only four years old? They couldn’t understand.

During this period of time, Sen Nian had been crazily training and strengthening the Green Dragon Gorka. He hoped that he could win the next time, but unfortunately, it would have to wait.

Eleven was about to welcome its second opponent in the positioning competition, the Star Refining Race, Fanba.

“If it’s matched with this monster, won’t it not even have room to showcase its abilities?” Sen Nian was speechless.

“I’ll go take a look at the scene.” After Sen Nian and the green dragon spoke, they left. When they arrived at the battlefield, the Star Refining Race, Fanba, had already arrived.

It was a humanoid life form with purple skin and circular holes of various sizes on its body. It didn’t have eyes, and the areas of its eyes were also sunken holes, looking very terrifying.

“Cough, cough, God Fanba.” Even the extremely proud Sen Nian and the Blue Wave Green Dragon, who had once been proud of their ranking in the top 400 of the God Sealing Battle, obediently called this guy God.

“It’s you.” The Star Refining Race’s Fanba glanced at Sen Nian and the green dragon and frowned. “Are you my next opponents?”

The Star Refining Race was ranked 202nd among the cosmic races, and the Blue Wave Green Dragon Race was ranked more than 9,000… They were on completely different levels.

Moreover, Fanba had already defeated this green dragon a long time ago. There was no point in fighting anymore.

“No, no, it’s just that your opponent happened to have defeated Gorka previously in this battle, so we came to take a look,” Sen Nian said.

“Then it looks like your strength isn’t bad. I can look forward to it,” Fanba said.

Sen Nian said, “There’s no need to look forward to it too much. When the other party fought us, it was very difficult for him to win. He’s definitely not your match, Big Boss Fanba.”

He was telling the truth. His best result in the God Sealing Battle was 486, but Fanba was in the early 100s, almost in the top 100.

Moreover, it was only ranked 486 because of the combination of him and the green dragon, but the other party didn’t have the enhancement of a human contractor. It purely fought its way up by itself, and its strength was very strong.

The strength of the Star Refining Race, which was ranked 202nd among the races in the starry sky, was completely out of the Blue Wave Green Dragon Race’s league. Fanba was a rare monster in the Blue Wave World that even Sen Nian and Gorka had to lower their heads to.

Just like their racial names… Their ability was to forge stars!

It could refine a non-living planet into a suitable weapon.

Every attack with the weapon represented the power of a star. There was no way to fight.

The strongest super divine ancestor of the Star Refining Race even refined the star into arms.

Of course, the demigod-level Fanba definitely wasn’t that fierce. At most, it could refine some small stars.

But even so, it was terrifyingly strong.

Most importantly, after becoming arms, non-living stars wouldn’t stop evolving. In the future, there would still be a chance to evolve into life arms one day. Therefore, the World King bloodline didn’t hate the Star Refining Race like they hated cosmic behemoths. Instead, they were very welcome.

In short, after matching this guy, Sen Nian and the green dragon couldn’t imagine how that Iron-eating Beast Eleven could win…

This wasn’t bullying a child.

As the two of them conversed, Eleven also came over with Buggy.

“Eh???” As soon as he arrived, Eleven was very surprised to discover that the green dragon he defeated last time was also here.

“Are you still the opponent?” Eleven quickly asked in the common language of the starry sky, the mind language. It rubbed its fists. This time, it was confident that it could blow up the green dragon with a punch.

“Obviously not!” Buggy looked at the Star Refining Race’s Fanba with an even more terrifying aura.

Star Refining Race!!!

It was actually the Star Refining Race.

Eleven and Buggy were very surprised after observing Fanba for a moment.

The ability of the Star Smelting Race was a skill that Shi Yu and the others thought they had to replicate when they flipped through the information of the myriad races in the starry sky.

The ability to refine a planet into arms was simply too heaven-defying. Even Eleven, who didn’t like arms, hoped to have a bamboo refined from a metal stats star as a weapon.

“We’re just here to take a look.” The corners of Sen Nian and the green dragon’s mouths twitched when they saw Eleven and Buggy.

Who would have thought that one of these two guys was four years old, and the other was three?

When he and the green dragon learned about it later, their mentalities almost collapsed.

At this moment, the judge robot, similar to last time, flew out again.

“I detected that the two parties have arrived. Please head to the arena. I’ll be the judge next.”

“This is a positioning competition. Eleven, a newbie, is representatives of the Iron-eating Beast Race.”

“Ranked 202nd among the cosmic races, Fanba is representative of the Star Refining Race.”

“Why is it a positioning competition?” At this moment, Fanba didn’t care about Eleven and Buggy, who entered. Even if they defeated the Green Dragon Gorka, they were concerned about why the guy who defeated the genius of the Blue Wave Green Dragon Race was an unknown race.

It looked at Eleven. At this moment, Eleven also looked at the Star Refining Race with a regretful expression.

Wu wu wu, it was a pity that Shi Yu was sleeping. It was a pity that Shi Yu couldn’t participate in the Myriad Race Battle. Otherwise, he could have copied the Star Refinement Skill and obtained it.

Its Venus Bamboo Rod…

“Hello…” Eleven greeted the Star Refining Race, planning to make a friend after the battle. It would be easier to pull it to Shi Yu’s side later and let Shi Yu replicate the skill.