Chapter 1379 - 1379 Unlucky Kirin Race (5)

1379 Unlucky Kirin Race (5)

In the Ice Kirin Race, many members of the Ice Kirin Race instantly had a heart attack, and their lungs exploded when they heard that Bobo had lost in a ranking battle to a demigod.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“F*ck, what’s going on?” A pile of Ice Kirins immediately rushed to the battlefield with the medicine, wanting to understand.

In a battle above their level, the chances of a demigod winning were actually very low. Therefore, every time they successfully crossed their level, the headquarters of the Myriad Races Committee would take it very seriously. The factions that successfully crossed their level would naturally be overjoyed, and the races that had been surpassed would lose face.

Upon hearing that the divine level had been surpassed, even the president of the Myriad Race Committee in the Kirin main city, a top-notch Divine Realm Holy Kirin, couldn’t help but come to the scene to take a look at the situation. It wanted to personally ask this kid from the Ice Kirin Race what was going on.

“President…” When the top-notch Holy Kirin arrived, the medical staff and spectators present greeted it.

“Which big race’s quasi-divine did it lose to?” The top-notch Holy Kirin asked the staff at the scene.

The female staff in charge of matching the Ice Kirin said timidly, “President… I don’t think it’s a big race in the starry sky. It’s a new race that has never participated in the ranking competition… It’s the Iron-eating Beast Race, Eleven. We’ve never heard of this race and this quasi-divine…”

“President, have you heard of this race? We know Bobo’s strength. Even if it’s not considered an expert among primary-level gods, it’s definitely not weak,” the divine-level Fire Kirin said at this moment.

“…” The corners of the Holy Kirin President’s mouth twitched, but suddenly, it remembered something and said, “What did you just say?”

“Iron-eating Beast Race??”

“President, you know??” Fire Kirin asked.

President Holy Kirin opened its mouth slightly and said, “I have some impression, but that’s impossible.”

“According to what I know, the Iron-eating Beast Race is a race on our mother planet, Blue Planet. On World King Planet, there’s only one person who has an Iron-eating Beast…”

“One of the geniuses brought over from Blue Planet in the Floating Realm, Shi Yu. But the problem is that the Iron-eating Beast is only one of its many pets. They’ve only been on World King Planet for a month. How can they defeat a divine-level expert above their level!!”

Most importantly… the only Wind Kirin was on Shi Yu! It was contracted by it!

The Holy Kirin President didn’t say anything.

As soon as the Holy Kirin President finished speaking, the Kirin Race present was stunned. Wait?

It wasn’t some cosmic race, but a hidden strong race… But… a race walked out of their origin mother planet, the Blue Planet that had been smashed and fallen to a low-level planet??

The races of the future would defeat the five god races of Blue Planet above their level?

President Holy Kirin couldn’t believe it either. It glanced at the unconscious Ice Kirin and directly contacted Lin Feng.

At this moment, Lin Feng, who was far away in the Heavenly Spirit World, received the call from the Kirin Race and immediately said happily, “Why, have you confirmed the evolution path of the Wind Kirin and the Wind of Blessing?”

President Holy Kirin said, “Old Lin, does Shi Yu have an Iron-eating Beast called Eleven?”

“Yeah, what’s wrong? Wait, aren’t you guys thinking about the Wind Kirin? Why are you mentioning the Iron-eating Beast?” Lin Feng was confused.

“Just now, Eleven defeated a junior god of the Ice Kirin Race above its level in the ranking battle of all races… What’s wrong with this kid!”

Lin Feng was stunned. “Huh?? What did you say???”

“Hahahahahahaha, I’m dying of laughter. Why is your race so unlucky? Look, I told you to drag out the return gift and not give it. You’ve suffered retribution, right! Hurry up and hand over the resources.”

President Holy Kirin: “?”