Chapter 1375 - 1375 Unlucky Race Kirin (1)

1375 Unlucky Race Kirin (1)

“As usual, I’ll make a cup of Cold Crystal Spring.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“I’ll drink it after I come out.”

In the Ranking Battle of All Races facility for all races in the main city of the Kirin, a completely ice-blue Kirin walked past a building and said to the waiter at the door.

“Yes.” The waiter watched as the Ice Kirin walked in.

In the surroundings, there were also humans and other Kirins coming and going, but most of them were Kirin subspecies that contained the Kirin bloodline. There were sheep, wolves, deer, and dragons in various forms.

“Hello, Senior.”

“Is it the advancement battle of the Ice Kirin Race this time?”

Some people greeted the Ice Kirin respectfully when they saw it and received its response.

“That’s right. If you win this battle, you can advance,” it said in a good mood.

“Whether the Ice Kirin Race can advance to the top 1 million depends on this.”

“Senior, all the best. We’ll wait for your good news,” many juniors said.

“Brother Bobo, you’re here,” a divine-level Fire Kirin with an aura not inferior to the Ice Kirin passed by and said to it.

“In the end, your family still chose you.”

The Ice Kirin laughed and said, “It’s only my luck was good.”

“Hurry up and go. I’ll wait for your good news.” The Fire Kirin gave its blessings.

Among the ten thousand races, the ranking of the Blue Planet’s Kirin Race was actually not low.

As they didn’t have the habit of participating in war, the few god races on Blue Planet often stayed in the ranking battles of all races.

It was mainly because it was relatively safe and could be trained!

Even if they relied on time to survive, they still managed to get the ranking.

However, because they were too free, the Kirin Race was later not satisfied with only fighting for the ranking of large races.

Many branch races would also rank on behalf of the branch race they belonged to when they were free.

The ranking of the branch races was much lower than that of the large races.

For example, the Ice Kirin in front of him represented the Ice Kirin Race, a branch race of the Blue Planet’s Kirin Race. It wanted to raise the Ice Kirin’s ranking to the top 1 million.

In this critical battle, a few Kirin Gods who were passionate about ranking in the Ice Kirin Race chose the candidate to fight by drawing lots and handed over this difficult mission.

“It’s quite stressful…” When the Ice Kirin arrived, a group of juniors followed behind. Although they couldn’t watch the battle, they could at least obtain the results immediately…

Soon, they arrived at a huge building. There was a teleportation device here that could input various data. The staff followed the Ice Kirin’s instructions and inputted it before carrying out the teleportation.

…

In the second world, the Myriad Race Battlefield.

In an instant, the Ice Kirin appeared on an icy plain.

At the same time, several voices appeared in its mind.

[Teleportation completed.]

[You have arrived at the second world, the Myriad Race Battlefield.]

[The venue has been randomly confirmed to be the primary venue, Icefield.]

[Triggered! This battle is confirmed to be a ‘challenge above your level’.]

[Your opponent is: Ranked Race, Iron-eating Beast Race, Quasi Divine, Eleven.]

[Battle, begin!]

Ice Kirin Bobo: ???

The Ice Kirin’s mood was completely filled with twists and turns.

After hearing that the venue was randomly chosen to the icefield, it was first happy because it had the home advantage.

But then, to its surprise, it actually randomly triggered a battle above its level!!

In the ranking battle of all races, the matched ones were basically of the same level. Unless they applied to fight above their level, there was a 100% chance of them not encountering a higher level.

The battle mechanism above their level made many battle parties hate it deeply. This was because even if they won, the points obtained were far inferior to defeating someone of the same level. However, if they lost, a large amount of points would be deducted…

“Sigh, forget it. Perhaps the points can barely be…” The Ice Kirin looked at its opponent in the distance.

It actually successfully applied for the qualifications to fight above its level in the Race Ranking Battle. It was definitely a super expert among demigods. However, the difference between a demigod and a true god… It, the Ice Kirin, would tell this Iron-eating Beast Race well.

At the same time, on the other side.

Many similar voices appeared in Eleven’s mind after it was teleported over from the Blue Wave World.

[Your opponent is: 1,001,024th place, Ice Kirin Race, Junior God, Bobo.]

[Battle, begin!]

“Wuu!!!” As its voice fell, Eleven instantly looked at its opponent and was puzzled.

Kirin… Kirin Race?

Was it the Kirin Race on Blue Planet?

Eleven wasn’t sure either.

It didn’t know if there were other Kirin Races in the starry sky of the universe, but it knew that there were other dragons in the universe. Then, it couldn’t say for sure where the Kirin in front of it came from.

Forget it, just fight.

…

In the Myriad Race Battlefield, after the Ice Kirin, Bobo, and the Iron-eating Beast, Eleven, matched, information about this battle also appeared on the huge monitor in the Teleportation room that connected the battlefield in the Blue Wave Domain and the Dong Xuan Realm.

[Ranked Race, Iron-eating Beast Race, Quasi Divine, Eleven] vs [1,001,024th place, Ice Kirin Race, Junior God, Bobo]

[Battle…]

A battle above its level!!!

On the Dong Xuan Realm’s side, a bunch of juniors who had come to see the ranking of the ice-element Kirin God were stunned. They didn’t expect that Senior Bobo would actually be matched with a demigod who applied to fight above its level… Moreover, it wasn’t those geniuses of the big starry sky races, but a race that had yet to be ranked.

“Even if we win, it won’t reach the top 1 million, right…” Many demigods with the Kirin bloodline muttered.

“It’s also a good thing. Even if the increase isn’t big, we can at least confirm that we’ll win this battle. If we win the next battle, our ranking after advancing will definitely be higher,” someone analyzed.

Compared to the Dong Xuan Region, at the scene of the Blue Wave Region, Buggy looked at the opponent it matched with with with a much strange expression.