Chapter 1377 - 1377 Unlucky Kirin Race (3)

1377 Unlucky Kirin Race (3)

The Ice Kirin gritted its teeth. This brat wanted it to waste divine power?

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

If the opponent was anyone else, it wouldn’t care. However, it had just finished speaking, so it didn’t seem good to refuse.

“You’re pretty shameless… Forget it, I’ll guide you.” The Ice Kirin sighed.

“Be careful. The divine skill I master is the ‘Frozen Divine Realm’. In the Frozen Space, the spatial barrier, mental consciousness, physical activity, energy flow… will all be frozen.”

“In an instant, you’ll lose your mobility. Seeing that you’ve indeed never seen a divine skill, I’ll let you see it.”

“Wuu!!!” Eleven completely focused, indicating that it would also resist and counterattack with all its might.

However, the divine skill to freeze consciousness… Would it really be unable to counter it? Eleven was puzzled.

Of course, the Ice Kirin only smiled at Eleven’s response.

“In that case, attack first and use your full strength. Otherwise, I’m afraid you won’t have a chance.”

“Wuu!!” Eleven felt that it was good.

Although it was confident that it could react in any situation, it wasn’t a big problem to activate its strength in advance.

Facing the first divine-level creature it encountered, Eleven knew very well that it was impossible to defeat it with physical strength alone.

That was definitely an opponent that had to go all out to have a chance to defeat.

After thinking it through, two violent powers separated from Eleven’s body. They were no longer gentle, but completely erupted!!

Boom!!

Accompanied by a thunderclap, white lightning flashed in Eleven’s black eyes, turning into a white Thunder Armor wrapped around its entire body!

“This power…”

Thunder God Armor Mode!!

Sensing that Eleven was using the power of lightning to stimulate its body even stronger, it fell into a state that was almost self-mutilating. Even its reaction consciousness began to circulate at a high frequency. The Ice Kirin grinned.

Not bad!

That physical strength was indeed not the limit. If this guy represented the Floating Realm to participate in the God Sealing Battle, the Floating Realm would easily enter the top 100!

“Roar!!!!” Under the Ice Kirin’s gaze, Eleven continued to erupt with stronger and stronger lightning power. It didn’t hesitate to destroy its body in exchange for extreme eruption!

The monstrous warpath made the Ice Kirin nod.

“Eleven, right? You’re indeed…”

Before the Ice Kirin could finish speaking, with another boom, black lightning erupted from Eleven’s body.

On the icy plain, Eleven clenched its fists. Under two loud bangs, white lightning wrapped around its body, and black lightning flowed. Under the interweaving impact of the power of lightning, one light and one dark, a powerful and mysterious power that wasn’t inferior to the power of a god appeared like a miracle!!

“Roar!!!!!”

Eleven roared, and the shocking roar made the Ice Kirin widen its eyes and reveal an incredulous expression.

It wasn’t a simple Thunder God Armor.

It wasn’t just a Demon God Body.

It was One Thought of God and Demon after light and darkness collided!

It was a complete version of the One Thought of God and Demon.

If it was just the Thunder God Armor, although it could also increase Eleven’s speed and reaction speed greatly, it would always be in a state that Eleven could withstand.

As for the Demon God Body, it only allowed Eleven to obtain the huge power enhanced by the power of Dark Thunder.

Perhaps it could temporarily resist a true god, but it was still very unlikely to win.

Therefore, the only way to win was to think of gods and demons together!

After entering the Divine Demon Thought, one could break through the restrictions of the brain under the stimulation of the power of light, darkness, and lightning and obtain extremely strong attacks, defense, speed, injury avoidance, and thought reaction power that exceeded time.

Battle God Body+Demon God Cognitive!

No…

There was even the Yin Yang Millstone!

At this moment, the black and white electric arcs that filled the sky seemed to have become Eleven’s hair. They kept floating like a blurry Yin Yang lightning sea.

Eleven was like a thunder god walking out of the chaotic lightning sea. At this moment, a god-like aura completely erupted from its body, shaking the sky and earth. A vast universe swept through the entire icy plain.

The expert-level Yin Yang Millstone was now conceptualized. Every two interweaving black and white electric currents on Eleven’s body seemed to have formed the form of a millstone, obliterating everything.

In the Ice Kirin’s perception, Eleven didn’t seem to be a demigod at this moment, but a true god!

In the next moment, its expression turned cold. A divine power that could suppress all energy and perfectly match the power of laws bloomed from its body!!

The blue divine power formed a huge wave on the Ice Kirin’s body.

“Frozen Divine Domain!” The Ice Kirin roared. Divine power instantly combined with the dazzling power of laws to describe a divine skill.

The greatest difference between a divine level and a non-divine level was that a divine level had already converted most of its energy into divine power. The power of a quasi-divine skill condensed from divine power was at least several times that of a quasi-divine skill.

The divine skill condensed even contained unbelievable power.

Originally, such a divine skill was definitely fatal to non-divine life forms. However, sensing Eleven’s current state, the Ice Kirin panicked.

Was this a f*cking demigod? The terrifying power erupting from Eleven’s body made even it, who had divine power, feel a huge pressure.

Boom!!

The white ice sealing power instantly froze the entire Icefield Battlefield. The world and the ground were frozen, and space was gray. Originally, everything in this Divine Realm should have been frozen. Even the flow of time would be much slower.

However, under the shocked discovery of the Ice Kirin, Eleven was almost unaffected at this moment. All the cold air that filled its body was instantly disintegrated. In this extremely cold state, its thoughts were even clearer. It punched in the air!