Chapter 1373 - 1373 Buggy'S Star Arms (3)

1373 Buggy’s Star Arms (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Buggy was serious. This was a decision it had thought about for a long time. It would be a huge loss to let it consume the power of faith and use the one-time Dragon Star Group.

However, apart from being able to refine planets, the Star Refinement Skill also seemed to be able to repair, strengthen, and derive arms skills. In short, there were many benefits.

Wasn’t Refining Stars a perfect combination skill with the Dragon Star Group?

If it could modify the Dragon Star Group through Star Refinement… At that time, it would be surrounded by several Dragon Star meteorite arms that could be repaired themselves even if they were smashed. This could reduce the need for the power of faith a lot.

It didn’t have to spend much effort to find a suitable star, right? It had mastered the laws of creation and the skill to create the Dragon Star. Couldn’t it build it itself!!

Then, by refining stars, it would maximize their potential!

Of course, if it could encounter more suitable Star Arms in the future, it wouldn’t mind changing. But now, Buggy only wanted to learn Star Refinement before the God Sealing Battle and strengthen itself. This way, it would see vast improvements!

“Are you sure?” Shi Yu said. “The Dragon Star Group… can also be refined?”

Buggy: “Try, try!!”

Buggy had already thought about it. At the Four Saints Meeting, it would buy a pile of faith items and spend a huge price to condense an Eternal Dragon Ball Arms. At that time, whoever wasn’t convinced would directly turn a Dragon Ball into a dragon star and smash it. It was simple and crude!

Buggy still felt that it was very cool. Meteorite Destruction! Unfortunately, the price to use it wasn’t small.

On Blue Planet, Buggy still had seven dragon stars hanging above Blue Planet to protect Dragon Palace City and Dong Huang, but here, it didn’t have a single dragon star.

This time… was a good opportunity to condense dragon stars again!

“Alright,” Shi Yu said. “I’ll teach you when I’m free~”

Buggy: “Wuu!!!”

Eleven was stunned. Wu wu wu.

It was clearly it who…

…

Next, Shi Yu continued to add points. Although he had promised Buggy, Buggy’s weapon wasn’t in a hurry. It wasn’t the highest priority.

He first added points to Ling. What he added were the three super skills, Wind Element Control (transcendent), Turning Misfortune into Luck (transcendent), and Wind Spirit Bead (transcendent). Because it was a super skill, it was definitely easier to add points than quasi-divine skills.

In addition, these three skills determined the success rate of Ling learning the Starry Sky Storm in the future. Naturally, he had to take priority.

Next were the three babies of the clueless team. Shi Yu smoothly added their low, intermediate, and high-level skills to Dao Proficiency, but super skills were only added slowly.

Because it was added too quickly, when it reached the perfect level, they would break through to the overlord. Now that they only had intermediate will, it was better to wait to train their overlord will before breaking through.

During the process of Shi Yu adding some super skills to them, he didn’t let Susu cleanse their affliction. For them, this was a rare opportunity to train their willpower.

If they couldn’t take it now, what would happen to their quasi-divine skills in the future?

After enjoying the leap in the level of low-level skills… The additional points of super skills finally made Turtle, Little Quas, and Shorty experience the danger of adding points.

It hurt them, but they were happy.

In short, Shi Yu planned to let them slowly train for more than a month before undergoing [Evolution Breakthrough].

In less than two days, the additional points Shi Yu added to Ling were completed. When Ling went to optimize the three super skills of Dao Proficiency to quasi-divine skills, Shi Yu finally began to return to teach Buggy the Star Refinement Skill!!

“Roar!!!!” Buggy had just learned it in pain when it eagerly asked Shi Yu if there was a success rate of fusion between the Dragon Star Group and the Star Refinement.

“No, the success rate is 0.”

“Roar…” Buggy was depressed, but it still turned around and excitedly took the World Tree Fruit created by Baby Ginseng to increase comprehension before running to try to refine the dragon star.

Compared to real Star Arms, the arms refined by the dragon star were definitely weak at the current stage, but they were at least a powerful combination skill. It was definitely stronger than the individual Dragon Star Group. Buggy believed that when Shi Yu added points to the Dragon Star Group to a divine skill and when it learned to overdraft its faith, the Dragon Ball Arms might not be inferior to other Star Arms.

After all, it was his, so it was more convenient. Moreover, it was easier to upgrade than other Star Arms. The Star Arms of the Star Refining Race could only be upgraded by increasing the Star Refining skill, but its Dragon Ball was different. It could also be upgraded by upgrading the Dragon Star Group skill and injecting the power of faith… This was an advantage that Eleven and the others didn’t have.

“Wu wu wu…” Buggy ran to refine the Dragon Ball. Eleven was also eager to try, wanting to learn the Dark Control that was replicated at the same time.

Shi Yu naturally taught it without any problems.

“Wuu!!!” However, it was also a pity that the fusion rate of Light Control and Dark Control was currently 0… Eleven was shocked when it heard that.

Why couldn’t it learn Light and Dark Control even though it already knew Yin Yang Millstone?

“These two skills are both divine skills that are close to top-notch quality. After fusion, it might not be as simple as Light and Dark Control, and has an undoubtedly higher difficulty, like the ‘Yin Yang Law’.” Shi Yu guessed blindly, trying his best to guess better.

That was really a possibility. After all, even if the chances of directly fusing weren’t high, they still had the invincible Yin Yang Taiji Domain!

Eleven nodded and felt that it made sense. Then, it looked forward to it even more!

“Don’t worry, there’s still time in the future. The existing skills are enough for you to practice.” Shi Yu chuckled and said, “Speaking of which, when are you going to participate in the battle above your level? Do you want to increase the proficiency of these skills again?”