Chapter 1374 - 1374 Buggy'S Star Arms (4)

1374 Buggy’s Star Arms (4)

“Wu wu wu!!!” Eleven nodded crazily. It wanted to be an expert in quasi-divine skills!!

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Alright.”

In order to have better results in Eleven’s battle above its level, Shi Yu naturally pulled the entire team and continued to support Eleven.

It was undoubtedly the most difficult to add points to Eleven, because its quasi-divine skills were too high-quality.

When adding points at the quasi-divine skill stage, the consumption of each skill began to be different. The more powerful the divine skill, the harder it was to add points. Therefore, when adding points to Eleven, the little resources of the entire team could be said to be consumed at a visible speed.

Susu’s work speed couldn’t compare to the consumption of points at all.

If the Environmental Protection Association knew that even the cleansing star spirit couldn’t afford to raise a team of pets, they would definitely be very shocked.

About half a month later, Shi Yu completed the additional points for Eleven.

Apart from Light and Dark Control, the Yin Yang Millstone, the Eight Trigrams Clone, the Battle God Body, and the Thought of God and Demon had all gained points to the expert level for Eleven.

“Wuu!!!!” At this moment, Eleven already had sufficient confidence to fight a true god above its level.

“Ji~” Buggy saw that the leader’s strength had increased greatly and was envious. It lowered its head and refined the thing that looked like a glass bead in front of it again. This was surprisingly the “Dragon Ball Arms” formed by Buggy through the Star Refinement and Dragon Star Group.

The dragon ball was like a green glass bead with a golden symbol inside. Although it only looked the size of a glass bead now, Buggy knew that this bead was impressive.

It was ever-changing! The size and weight could be controlled at will! The weight of the Dragon Ball was still increasing under its refinement. In the future, even if it was as heavy as Blue Planet, it wasn’t impossible.

At that time, it would be too cruel to smash a bead down. Its power was basically no different from the dragon star summoned from the starry sky. Most importantly, the current Dragon Ball could still be constantly repaired through the power of spatial star refinement. It was no longer a one-time use.

It probably saved a lot of power of faith.

Therefore, as long as Buggy kept upgrading the Dragon Ball through the stronger power of the starry sky and the power of faith, it might be the first pet in the team to have a finished star weapon. Because faith skills were generally stronger than ordinary skills after strengthening with external forces, when the time came, it would be like the impact of a divine-level star. It wouldn’t be a dream to destroy gods above its level.

This made Chi Tong extremely envious.

Since the Dragon Star could be refined into arms, could the Vermillion Bird clone that could transform into the sun?? Could it strengthen the Vermillion Bird clone through the Star Refinement Skill…

It could be said that when it came to Shi Yu, the racial skills of the Star Refining Race directly let Buggy and the others play tricks.

As Eleven and Buggy leveled up, Baby Ginseng was the most anxious.

“Your divine-level first clear is going to be snatched away,” Chi Tong said.

“Eleven is about to participate in the ranking battle of all races. At that time, the one who loses will definitely be the opponent.”

“Yi!!! Yiya!!” Baby Ginseng waved its arms around. Nonsense!!!

Eleven could at most defeat the opponent. How could it kill a divine-level expert above its level? The divine-level “first clear” had to be it!

How could defeat and kill be the same?

“Ning…” Susu considerately cleansed Baby Ginseng’s anxiety.

Baby Ginseng: “Wu wu wu wu wu.”

It had been cleansed, but not completely.

…

Shi Yu still didn’t plan to follow when all races fought above their level. It was mainly because he couldn’t follow either. A racial PK was still a battle for Eleven alone.

Of course, according to tradition, Buggy still accompanied Eleven to the Myriad Region this time.

As soon as they arrived, Director Sen immediately ran over to welcome them warmly. After waiting for more than half a month, he finally saw this Battle God Iron-eating Beast again.

It looked like Eleven was already prepared to fight above its level.

“Contestant Eleven, I’ve long applied for the right to fight above your level for you. After you’re ready, you can use the teleportation array here to enter the ‘second world’.”

“That thing is similar to the Teleportation Key Stones. You should have experienced it, right?”

“Yes!” Eleven nodded and was already looking forward to it. What kind of race would the opponent be?

Eh! If only it was the Yun Race!

The happiest battle it carried out was still with Yun An.

Unfortunately, Eleven also felt that it was dreaming. How could there be a Yun Race on the World King Planet?

Director Sen seemed to have seen Eleven’s anticipation and couldn’t help but smile. “What race will it be…”

“Wu!!” Buggy made Eleven feel at ease. Don’t worry, you’re so strong now. No matter what race you are, it’ll become a stepping stone for you and the Iron-eating Beast race!!

Eleven could be invincible at the same level with its physical body alone. With the One Thought of God and Demon, Buggy estimated that this guy could instantly kill a junior god.

He really didn’t know which race was so unlucky to encounter Eleven and participate in a battle above its level…

At the same time.

First-level world, Dong Xuan Realm.

This was a realm jointly managed by the three divine races.

The three divine races were respectively Dragon, Phoenix, and Kirin!

To be precise, it was the Dragon, Phoenix, and Kirin Race from Blue Planet!

At this moment, in the main city of the Kirin in the Dong Xuan Region, a Kirin Race hummed a tune and flew towards the battle facilities of the Myriad Race Ranking Battle… They planned to enter the second world and fight rankings…