Chapter 1378 - 1378 Unlucky Kirin Race (4)

1378 Unlucky Kirin Race (4)

Bang!!!

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The terrifying black and white lightning storm directly flipped over the icy plain, obliterating all snow and wind. The frost that swept over to protect the Ice Kirin was also instantly devoured. The powerful move arrived in front of the Ice Kirin in the blink of an eye. Under its roar, it devoured it and flipped it over…

Boom!!!

The lightning storm pushed the Ice Kirin’s body and opened a huge crack in the icy plain, hitting it more than a thousand meters away. When the power of lightning dissipated, cracks of various sizes had already appeared on the Ice Kirin’s sturdy ice body.

At this moment, the Ice Kirin was in disbelief. It didn’t understand why Eleven suddenly had such powerful strength.

Why was it difficult to resist even its divine skill?

“Boom!!!” In the divine domain that froze its thoughts, the Ice Kirin’s own thoughts almost froze. It was difficult to understand, but Eleven, whose thinking reaction was enough to exceed time, couldn’t stop at this moment. Another bolt of lightning exploded under its feet.

The burden on the body in the state of the Demon God’s Thought was huge. Moreover, the prototype of the three top-notch divine skills, the Battle God Body+Yin Yang Millstone+One Thought of God and Demon, was erupting with all its might!!

It couldn’t last long, and it could only attack continuously.

“What?” In an instant, the Ice Kirin only saw a black-and-white afterimage appear in the sky above it. Then, it spat out ice shards and its body caved in. Accompanied by a huge impact, its body smashed down the icy plain!!

Boom!!

A deep pit appeared. In midair, Eleven raised its arms high, and the power of light, darkness, and lightning surged on its body. One, two, three, four… Many small Yin Yang Millstones condensed. As its arm landed, the Yin Yang Millstones that filled the sky smashed into the huge pit crazily!

At the same time, during the fall, it destroyed the Frozen Divine Domain above its level, making the entire Divine Realm sway!!

Boom boom boom boom!!!

A terrifying boom bloomed on the Icefield Battlefield.

“Uh…” At this moment, the Ice Kirin, which was being attacked crazily, only had one thought.

It suspected that Eleven was also a Kirin.

“I don’t believe it…” It roared with difficulty in the huge pit, but in the next second, it was suppressed by a Yin Yang Millstone.

At the same time, an extremely ridiculous emotion was born in Bobo’s heart. Monster, monster. It regretted letting the other party attack first. No, it regretted coming to the ranking battle today!!

This guy wasn’t as simple as being able to skip levels. Instead, it was torturing a beginner!

“No…”

Little brat, stop!!

“Wuu!!!” How could Eleven stop? If it stopped, it would lose!

…

At this moment, in the teleportation rooms of the Dong Xuan Region and the Blue Wave Region, two groups of people were waiting for the outcome of the battle.

The juniors of the Kirin Race were puzzled why their divine level had yet to defeat the demigod opposite.

Logically speaking, there shouldn’t be a need to be so slow. Could it be that Senior Bobo became playful and started entertaining the other party?

“It changed, it changed, it’s over!” Just as everyone was puzzled, the information on the screen suddenly updated.

[Battle…] became [Battle Over].

Accompanied by a teleportation light, the Ice Kirin’s figure was teleported back to the Dong Xuan Region. Many people looked in the direction of the teleportation array. The Ice Kirin had yet to appear, so they said, “Congratulations…”

However, before they could finish speaking, they saw the Ice Kirin, covered in injuries, fall from the teleportation array.

Bang!

The Ice Kirin landed.

All the members of the Kirin Race looked at this scene in disbelief and then looked at the screen.

[Winner: Ranked Race, Iron-eating Beast Race, Quasi-Divine Eleven]

They clearly knew every word, but when combined, it stunned everyone present.

“How is this possible!!!” They exclaimed in unison.

As for the Ice Kirin on the ground, it gradually recovered a trace of consciousness. However, its rationality told it that it was best to continue fainting. It directly entered a deep sleep.

At the same time.

Blue Wave World.

The group of staff from the Blue Wave Myriad Race Committee, led by Director Sen, also waited nervously for the results of the battle.

As the information here changed, it displayed the winner’s information. On the teleportation array, a black and white bear that swayed as if it had drunk fake wine appeared. Director Sen’s expression was suddenly overjoyed!!

“Won??? It really won?!!”

He had already picked up his cell phone excitedly and was waiting for contact from the headquarters of the Myriad Races Committee!

“Ji!” At the side, Buggy saw his ecstatic appearance and shook its head. Of course, how could the leader lose?

It immediately asked Eleven about the information it was most concerned about.

“Leader, could that Kirin Race be…”

“Sob…” Eleven was weak. It was exactly as they thought.

“…” Buggy’s expression stiffened. It was true.

Then it was over. The Beast Tamers were still hoping for the Kirin Race to return the favor… If they fought now, they wouldn’t bear a grudge, right?

Eleven was also shocked. There was such a thing? Oh no, it forgot.

The two pets instantly contacted Shi Yu from afar with worried expressions.

In the environmental area, Shi Yu fell into deep thought when he heard that. Tsk, the two of you… are unlucky children!! Why did you compete against the Kirin Race?

…

At that moment, as the Ice Kirin was defeated by someone who fought above its level, the ranking battle facilities of the myriad races in the Dong Xuan Region directly changed!!

The divine-level managers present, including the Fire Kirin that had just greeted the Ice Kirin, rushed to the scene one after another. They looked at the Ice Kirin, who was lying down, with incredulous expressions.