Chapter 1376 - 1376 Unlucky Race Kirin (2)

1376 Unlucky Race Kirin (2)

Wait, Kirin???

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Was it the Kirin Race it knew?

Ahhh, unfortunately, it couldn’t see the battle process. It wanted to see it so much.

“Oh no, the match is so close to the front. Eleven’s luck isn’t very good.” Seeing the 1 million ranking, Director Sen fell into deep thought.

Icefield.

The Ice Kirin looked at Eleven opposite it and said, “Forget it, I’ll play with you.”

With that said, a hundred Ice Swords appeared in the air behind it!!

Every Ice Sword had the power of a demigod to use a quasi-divine skill!

Facing a demigod, Bobo didn’t use his divine power, wanting to preserve it for the next battle.

Apart from divine power, it didn’t even have any intention of using the ordinary energy in its body for the time being.

It only used its method of mobilizing the natural energy of the world to condense the ice-element natural power of the icefield to form an attack.

This way, the consumption could be reduced to the minimum. Moreover… this attack couldn’t be said to be weak for demigods. Every one of the thousand attacks was enough to be called a serious attack of a demigod.

And now, there were a total of 1,000!!

Swoosh!!!

1,000 Ice Swords spun and attacked Eleven.

Seeing this, Eleven was stunned. It looked at the Ice Kirin and let the 1,000 Ice Swords land on its body. With bangs, icy mist filled the air in the blink of an eye.

“Wuu!!!” Then, Eleven walked out of the icy mist. Apart from some icy slag on its body, it was unscathed.

“What?” The Ice Kirin was stunned. Uninjured?

What a joke. This was a demigod?

When it was stunned, Eleven was already running with all its might on the icefield. Its simple physical skills turned it into an afterimage and instantly arrived beside the Ice Kirin.

Seeing this, the Ice Kirin couldn’t believe it. This guy’s physique seemed to be stronger than ordinary divine-levels. It subconsciously condensed an ice wall. Eleven hit the ice wall, and the ice wall shattered with a crack. Fortunately, it successfully blocked Eleven.

“Little guy, your strength isn’t bad.” The Ice Kirin roared. No wonder it was a demigod who could apply to fight above its level. As expected, it had some skills. This time, it chose to use its energy and no longer rely on the power of nature.

As soon as it finished speaking, the ice wall that blocked Eleven exploded. The strong ice impact first stiffened Eleven’s body and thoughts. Then, it bounced Eleven away and froze it into a huge ice cube in midair.

“Wuu…”

The extreme cold current attacked Eleven’s body crazily. In an instant, it froze Eleven’s body inside and out.

Bang!

The ice landed on the ground. The Ice Kirin understood that this was the end. However, in the next moment, with a roar and a huge power eruption, the frozen Eleven broke free from the ice.

“Wu wu wu!! (Divine level, indeed very strong.)” Eleven swung its frozen body and said seriously.

“What a joke…” At this moment, the Ice Kirin’s impression of Eleven completely changed.

This guy shattered the ice with its physical strength alone??

Could it be a cosmic behemoth!

Iron-eating Beast, what race was this?

The Ice Kirin had the same question as the person who fought Eleven previously.

Its expression froze. This guy was indeed an existence that could threaten ordinary primary-level gods. It was just unlucky to have encountered it. Otherwise, even if other true gods could win, they would have to put in a lot of effort.

“Your name is Eleven, right? Which realm are you from?” The Ice Kirin stopped attacking and started chatting.

“Can I say this?” Eleven asked.

It seemed like they often taught on television not to let children answer strangers questions.

Ice Kirin: “…”

Why was this guy like a child? What was there not to say? However, one way or another, Eleven, who was more than a meter tall, indeed didn’t look very old.

“Uncle, which realm are you from?” Eleven asked.

Since the other party started first, it also wanted to confirm its guess.

The Ice Kirin said, “I’m from the Dong Xuan Realm! You don’t even know which realm the Kirin Race is from?”

It was a frog at the bottom of the well!

“Also, I’m not an uncle!”

Eleven looked shocked.

Dong Xuan Realm… It seemed to know this!

Wasn’t this the realm managed by the three races of Blue Planet, Dragon, Phoenix, and Kirin?

This Uncle Ice Kirin was a descendant of the Blue Planet’s Kirin Race??

Eleven was overjoyed. It didn’t expect its luck to be so good that it could actually encounter someone from the same hometown!

What was this called? Meeting someone from the same hometown brought tears to its eyes.

“What kind of expression is that?” The Ice Kirin was puzzled.

“Wu wu wu!! (Uncle, what a coincidence. I’m from the Floating Realm, and we’re even in the Realm Alliance!!)” Eleven immediately replied.

“Uh.” The Ice Kirin was stunned.

From the Floating Realm?!

What a coincidence?

When did such a powerful race appear in the Floating Realm!

Bobo was only a junior god and its level was insufficient. It didn’t know about Shi Yu, but it knew that the Floating Realm and the Dong Xuan Realm were indeed a very good alliance.

The Realm Lord of the Floating Realm was a peak divine-level expert who could talk to their Kirin Race’s super divine ancestor.

“So… you’re a junior genius of the Floating Realm?” The Ice Kirin also fell silent.

“But even if you’re an alliance, I won’t give in to you. Little brat, let’s talk when we have the chance. Let’s continue fighting!”

“Wu wu wu!!” Eleven hurriedly shook its head.

It didn’t have to give in!

“Uncle, can you not hold back anymore? I want to see your divine skill. I’ve never fought a real divine skill,” Eleven said in anticipation.