Chapter 1372 - 1372 Buggy'S Star Arms (2)

1372 Buggy’s Star Arms (2)

And it was super big.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

In the study room of the Beast Taming Space, mini Qi, who was reading the history books of the universe, had light in its cherry-colored eyes.

After it arrived in the universe, it was influenced by Shi Yu and liked history.

The contract between humans and transcendent lives would affect each other, and it was vividly displayed here.

The history of Blue Planet had no secrets for Qi, but the universe was different. Even if it was a Time Sprite, it was like a child in the face of the huge universe.

Moreover, there were countless cosmic eras before this one.

Could it also transmigrate the era in the future?

With various expectations, Qi also began her journey as an “archeologist”. Under Shi Yu’s careful education, she embarked on the archeological path of the celestial pit.

If a Time Sprite knew archeology, even the cosmic emperors would cry.

“Star Arms…” Qi’s eyes were shining. No matter how good the Time Umbrella of Eleven and the others created for it was, it wasn’t Qi’s after all.

However, Star Refinement and Star Arms were real. As long as it learned them, it could rely on its own abilities to repair and upgrade them. This made Qi even more tempted.

Great!!!

It had already thought about it. It still wanted an umbrella for its new arms!

The various pets began to think of what arms they wanted.

Little Zi was also very surprised. However, it looked down at its round body and the nebula gas that looked like clothes and fell into deep thought.

Why not add Star Ring Arms?

Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong, Susu, Ling, Little Ji, Duckie… All of them thought about their arms.

After all, it was also an opportunity to strengthen himself. Moreover, it was a huge strengthening.

This was equivalent to every pet contracting a planet. How could this not be strong?

Although it was a dead planet…

A planet with consciousness and life inside couldn’t be refined.

The star refined by the Star Refining Race’s ancestor, the super divine Star Refining Race, was also a star that didn’t nurture consciousness, like the sun of the Blue Planet. Of course, the energy should be stronger than the sun on the Blue Planet, but it definitely didn’t nurture consciousness.

But even so, it was very strong.

“Wuu!! (Star Bamboo…)” Eleven was also looking forward to it. Did Buggy beside it suspect that it really wanted arms?

Could it be that it wanted to find a renewable weapon to eat…

“You guys think very well.” At this moment, Shi Yu also affirmed.

“But it seems a little early to be happy.”

“Where can I find stars for you to refine…”

“The planets around the World King Planet are all life planets with owners. If you want to find a non-life planet, and it’s a top-notch non-life planet, there’s plenty to find in the vast Cosmic Sea.”

“Besides, we have to find more than ten…” Shi Yu had just thought of this problem.

If only one pet could learn to refine star skills, it could guarantee that it would find a convenient weapon for that pet.

However, all his pets were to refine star skills. Where could he find these dozen or so top-notch planets…

Wasn’t this taking his life?

Of course, it was easy to find a star, but the problem was that there was definitely no one in the team who could control a star weapon now… Even if they reached the divine level, it would be difficult.

Moreover, the power of the sun didn’t match every pet…

Ling requested to open the call. “Master, if there’s really no other way, the World King Planet seems to have a universe overlord army stationed here. We can buy a planet from them… It’s too dangerous and time-consuming to look for it ourselves…”

Shi Yu was speechless.

The cosmic overlord army was the only foreign faction on the World King Planet that could legally sell the planet. This was mainly because the World King had to give the cosmic overlord respect.

The position of the cosmic overlord army was to earn money. As long as they were paid, they could go to the battlefield to be mercenaries to fight the army of the World King Planet, the army of the insect race, the army of the Dark King, or hunt the cosmic behemoth. In short, whoever paid was the boss.

Logically speaking, such a faction should die the fastest, but unfortunately, the universe overlord was currently recognized as the strongest expert in the universe. Its army naturally ran rampant. Apart from its territory, there were also factions of the other four universe emperors doing business.

Among them, the planet trade was one of them… Not to mention a planet without consciousness, even if there were life habitats and conscious planets, they would dare to attack and sell them.

“That’s a path…” Shi Yu said, “Although they destroy stars and races at every turn, it’s said that they’re still very honest in doing business.”

This was Yun An’s old enemy. The Yun clan planet that Yun An belonged to seemed to have been destroyed by others who hired the universe overlord army.

Sigh, he couldn’t afford to offend them.

“Since there are no planetary resources, I won’t teach you now,” Shi Yu said. “We’ll talk about it when we have the chance to find a suitable star.”

He would teach them other skills first.

Skills like Dark Control, Metal Control, and Space Control… could be learned from each other.

“Ji!!!” Just as Shi Yu thought that he didn’t have to teach Star Refinement first, Buggy poked Shi Yu.

“Ji!! (You can teach me first!!! My Dragon Star Group is also considered a Dragon Star. I can refine a one-time Dragon Star Group into permanent Star Arms through Star Refinement.)”

“Ji!! (If the Dragon Star Group could fuse with the Refining Star, how cool would that be~)”

Shi Yu and Eleven looked at Buggy.