Chapter 1371 - 1371 Buggy'S Star Arms (1)

1371 Buggy’s Star Arms (1)

Star Refinement, replication successful!

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Dark Control, replication successful!

Shi Yu copied two top-notch divine skills from the Star Refining Race’s Fanba in a row.

The comfortable feeling made the current Panda God of War, Shi Yu, so high that he couldn’t stop.

Star Refinement was actually a spatial skill.

Most of the pets had a basic level of compatibility with learning, even lower than the compatibility required for Space Control over the pets!

The dream of pets having a Star Arms didn’t seem far away.

However, while Shi Yu was high, the purple-skinned holey person was extremely tormented.

It looked at the panda person who had fused with the Iron-eating Beast in front of it and the flash of light on Shi Yu’s fingertip. It hurt, it hurt too much.

“Have you ever been kicked at the speed of light?” Until now, the demonic words of Panda Man Shi Yu still echoed in its mind.

With such a powerful body and a light-speed kick, the mace was directly shattered, and its ribs were shattered. What was the point of fighting?

Monster…

This pair of guys were definitely monsters that could compete with the top 10, top five, and top three of the God Sealing Battle!!

“No more fighting…”

Fanba looked at the mace that would take god knows how long to repair. It directly sat on the ground and smashed it.

“Uh, there’s still a top-notch divine skill I haven’t shown you,” Shi Yu said.

The Eight Trigrams clone and the One Thought of God and Demon couldn’t be shown to it, but the control of light and the Yin Yang Millstone revealed by Director Sen had to be shown to the guest.

This was just Fusion+Battle Divine Body+Light Control!

“No, there’s nothing bad about not looking,” Fanba of the Star Refining Race said as it sat.

This was enough for it to realize the real difference. Before it had new arms, it no longer had any extravagant hopes of defeating Eleven.

“…” Shi Yu was stunned. Forget it.

In any case, the skill had been replicated.

So be it.

“Then that’s the end.” Shi Yu smiled. He was already satisfied.

The Starry Sky Race was really good.

One day, he would definitely make friends with the top 10,000 races in the starry sky.

What could he do…

Yes… As long as Eleven passed the Myriad Race Ranking Battle and let the Iron-eating Beast Race rank at the top, the Iron-eating Beast Race would become a high-level race of the Myriad Race Committee…

That would be much more convenient!

Be it touching powerful races or obtaining information about new rare races immediately, it was quite convenient!

Eleven howled and removed its fusion state with Shi Yu.

Only then was Fanba willing to get up.

In its own race, it was the most talented, but after arriving at the World King Planet, it took part in first the God Sealing Battle, then the ranking battle of all races. It encountered obstacles everywhere that had already made its mentality collapse a little. Of course, the most important reason for its mental imbalance was that its opponent was too young.

If it were defeated by an old guy who had lived for hundreds or thousands of years and was stuck below the God Realm, it wouldn’t feel so uncomfortable.

“Will you participate in this year’s God Sealing Battle?” It looked at Shi Yu, Eleven, and Buggy.

Shi Yu said, “I think so?”

“Alright, I’ve decided. I want to return to the race and refine the stars again. See you in the God Sealing Battle,” Fanba said.

“Uh.” Buggy sighed. If it couldn’t defeat it now, it was even more impossible to defeat it in the God Sealing Battle.

At that time, all the strong talents and skills that their race had… would each belong to them!

…

“Hahahaha!”

After sending the purple-skinned holey person away, Shi Yu compared the compatibility of the pets according to the contract connection and laughed like a goose. He was as happy as a 200-kilogram child.

Eleven and Buggy, who knew why Shi Yu was smiling so happily, were also infected and laughed together.

“Hahahaha.” Eleven and Buggy laughed.

“Do you know why I’m smiling so happily?”

Eleven and Buggy: !!!

“Next, you’re in luck! Apart from Turtle, Little Quas, and Shorty who can’t learn Star Refinement Skills, everyone else can learn them.”

Turtle, Little Quas, and Shorty had purely not been cultivated yet. After evolving into the Four Holy Beasts, they could definitely learn it.

“Wuuu.”

“Ji!!” Eleven and Buggy didn’t expect the compatibility requirement for the refinement skill to be so low.

It was really a talent skill of the Star Refining Race that had become a common skill.

The purple-skinner holey person might become an eternal sinner in the race.

However…

Eleven and Buggy smiled, and their expressions suddenly changed. They sensed that something was wrong and looked at Shi Yu.

“Huh?” “Wu?”

Wait a minute, it was fine if other pets could learn it.

Even the Son of the Stars, Little Purple… and even the Time Sprite, Qi?!

Heavens!!!

“Yeah…” Shi Yu also completely didn’t expect it. He said, “Ridiculous. A skill with compatibility has finally appeared.”

“The most ridiculous thing is that the Time Sprite, known for finding it impossible to learn other attack skills, also has a skill now.”

“It’s a complete surprise… Perhaps it’s because this skill is only an arms skill? Moreover, it’s a weapon skill to refine external resources. It has less impact on oneself, so the Time Sprite can learn it?”

Eleven and Buggy looked at each other. It seemed like that was indeed a possibility!

“Starry sky…” Shi Yu was delighted. There were indeed more good skills in the universe.

Little Zi and Qi should be very happy.

In an instant, Shi Yu sent the good news he had obtained to every pet in the group, apart from Little Quas, Turtle, and Shorty.

He wouldn’t agitate those three guys first.

“Yi!!” “Mi!!!” “Wa~”

Immediately, happy shouts came from various places in the Beast Taming Space and Little Zi’s body. Its feeling was indescribable. The joy it felt couldn’t compare to the New Year celebration, it was simply like winning the lottery!