Chapter 1387 - 1387 Lucky Cat (1)

1387 Lucky Cat (1)

If it was said that luck could still be explained by Shi Yu and the others dodging the storm disaster area previously, then now, luck could no longer explain it.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The Starry Sky Storm opened a huge hole and sent the people who accidentally entered away. Wasn’t this nonsense?

In fact, this wasn’t the first time Dr. Lei Nuo had seen this situation. When he had studied in other realms, he had also seen a big shot complete such a magnificent feat.

In the simulated high-intensity starry sky storm environment, like the Lord of the Storm, it controlled the starry sky storm to avoid damage.

The reason why he could do it was because that doctor had mastered the Starry Sky Storm skill himself. He could already turn a cosmic disaster into an ability.

And now, Dr. Lei Nuo was certain that Ling and Shi Yu in front of him seemed to have done the same thing…

“Dr. Lei Nuo, thank you.” After Ling came out of the simulation space, Shi Yu also came out of the battleship with a light. Then, he thanked Dr. Lei Nuo.

Shi Yu was very happy now. Ling had indeed learned the Starry Sky Storm. Be it luck, power of faith, or the powerful teaching method of the skill Index, in short, he hadn’t prepared for the past two months for nothing!

This was a powerful disaster skill that could be used at the demigod level to attack divine-levels. From today onwards, Ling could be considered to have completely taken off.

“You… You guys…” At this moment, Dr. Lei Nuo looked at Shi Yu and Ling who came out in silence. Jin had already swallowed her saliva crazily.

“You guys really mastered the Starry Sky Storm?!” Dr. Lei Nuo still couldn’t believe it. After all, even he had yet to comprehend the true meaning of the Starry Sky Storm.

“Sort of, but it’s not completely mastered. After all, it’s only a simulated storm that I’ve comprehended. It’s still at the entry stage. I still have to continue learning. Perhaps when I see the real Starry Sky Storm, Ling can completely control this disaster.”

Ling said, “Master is right, but this is still a very good start.”

Putting everything else aside, at least he could increase the level of the Starry Sky Storm by adding points…

“I, this… You… This…” Dr. Lei Nuo was incoherent. Didn’t they agree to only enter the simulation space and come into contact with the Starry Sky Storm? Why did he suddenly master it!!

He had a heart attack. He had transmigrated to simulate storms so many times, but he had yet to master it!!

Was this a genius? So he had completely underestimated Shi Yu and Ling previously? Wang Kong, what kind of monster had he brought?

Not only him, but the Space Disaster Research Institutes everywhere would probably be stunned. Another disaster mechanic was born!

“How exactly did you guys do it…” Dr. Lei Nuo raised his hands shakily with a yearning expression.

At the side, Dr. Lei Nuo’s granddaughter panicked.

Wait, Grandpa, I should be Dr. Ling’s student. Go away!

“My method… is only suitable for my own race, but I can share some superficial experience,” Ling said.

“Enough, enough. Thank you, Dr. Ling,” Lei Nuo said excitedly. Then, he still looked at Shi Yu and Ling in disbelief.

“Aren’t you excited? Do you know what this means?”

Shi Yu was stunned. “Of course I’m excited. Didn’t you previously say that mastering a ‘disaster’ can obtain an extremely high status even in the headquarters of the Disaster Research Institute?”

“That’s right!!!”

Dr. Lei Nuo laughed crazily and said, “You have to know that there are very few researchers who really master disasters in the disaster research institute. Hahahaha, Brother Shi Yu, Sister Ling, tell me, I haven’t mistreated you these two months, right?”

Shi Yu and Ling suddenly felt their seniority increase. They had once again upgraded to the level of the Space Emperor.

“Well, it’s all thanks to Dr. Lei Nuo’s teaching that Ling and I were able to learn the Starry Sky Storm so quickly,” Shi Yu said. Apart from adding points, the knowledge theories Ling had learned in the research institute were also especially important.

“Then why don’t you guys be deputy directors of the Blue Wave Disaster Research Institute!”

“Next, I’ll recommend you to the headquarters. If nothing goes wrong, you’ll be able to obtain a large amount of research funding. These research funds will be divided into individuals and groups. If you join a certain research institute, you can apply for more research funds. Of course, I don’t want this money at all. I just want a name,” Dr. Lei Nuo rubbed his hands and discussed.

“Ling, just be a deputy director. After I retire, the Blue Wave Research Institute will be yours. Next, you can decide where the research funds of the Blue Wave Research Institute are arranged every year.”

The construction of the disaster research institutes in the various first-level domains had been heavily invested. They were personally managed by the headquarters and didn’t belong to individuals. The fortification was a rotation system, and the capable should occupy it. Therefore, Dr. Lei Nuo said that as long as he held a position, the future Blue Wave Research Institute would belong to Ling. It was completely possible.

Shi Yu and Ling fell into deep thought. Alright, this day had indeed come again. Apart from the Environmental Protection Association, it was the second official position.

“Dr. Lei Nuo, you’re too polite…” Shi Yu said, “We’ll listen to your arrangements, but… if there are new funds, is there a chance to upgrade the facilities that simulate other cosmic disasters to the level of the Starry Sky Storm? ”

Dr. Lei Nuo said, “Completely. You still don’t understand the status of mastering the cosmic disaster skill at the disaster research institute. Let me put it this way. As long as you reach a top-notch god and can perfectly control the disaster skill, you will have the support of a certain faction. You even have the qualifications to compete for the position of chief researcher of the research institute headquarters.”