Chapter 1384 - 1384 As Long As The Starry Sky Storm Has Hands (2)

1384 As Long As the Starry Sky Storm Has Hands (2)

After Shi Yu tricked her into coming to the World King Planet, she arrived at the Floating Realm and realized that she couldn’t find Shi Yu at all.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

With the help of Senior Dragon God, after she contacted Shi Yu, not only did Shi Yu not bring her to eat and drink well, but he also directly threw her into the Floating City and let her adapt to the environment of the World King Planet first.

When he was done, he would call her…

Although the environment of the World King Planet was indeed beyond the gem cat’s expectations, and she liked it very much, the power of the starry sky was so rich that her Wish Divine Skill improved at lightning speed. She felt that it wasn’t difficult to really reach the divine level, she still felt that she had been deceived by Shi Yu.

Fortunately, a month later, Shi Yu finally called her over.

“Are you done?” The gem cat acted as if it had returned to its home. After arriving at the villa, it leisurely took the coconut Shi Yu picked from the coconut tree beside the Lake of Purification and drank the coconut juice.

“Wuuu!!”

Seeing that Teacher Cat had come, Eleven and the others stopped what they were doing and came to welcome him with happy expressions.

Teacher Cat was here too!

“I’m half done!” Shi Yu smiled and said, “As I miss Teacher Ying too much, I called you over in advance. I got Baby Ginseng to prepare a big meal for you. The fruits it creates now are very delicious.”

“You still have a conscience!” the gem cat girl said.

Ling understood. Shi Yu wanted to call Teacher Ying over and make a wish that it could successfully learn the Starry Sky Storm and increase its safety. The poor Teacher Ying still didn’t know why she had been called over…

She could already imagine Teacher Ying’s expression after knowing the truth.

…

“I’m so full!!!” After a beautiful meal, the gem cat girl rubbed her stomach and said with a satisfied expression, “If there’s such food every day, I didn’t come for nothing.”

“Erm, Teacher Ying…” Shi Yu said, “Do me a favor…”

The gem cat girl looked at Shi Yu and Ling’s sincere expressions, and a huge question mark appeared on her head.

The Gem Cat: “?”

“What!!”

“Help me make a wish,” Shi Yu said with a chuckle.

The corners of the gem cat’s mouth twitched. “Alright, alright, alright. I knew you definitely had a pit waiting for me. Tell me, as long as it’s within my ability.”

Teacher Ying’s Wish Divine Skill consumed energy according to the difficulty of the wish.

The more ridiculous the wish, the greater the consumption.

For example, obtaining a beautiful little dress might not consume much energy for her.

But if she made a wish to revive a Beast Tamer who had just died, the consumption might be very huge.

Of course, if it was too big and exceeded the limit of the body’s endurance, the wish would malfunction and the body wouldn’t be injured.

Perhaps in the future, the Wish Divine Skill could reach the level of making a wish at the cost of death, but now, Teacher Cat had yet to master it.

In addition, there was an interesting mechanism. Although the wish was very ridiculous, if one was very lucky and was very close to this wish, it wouldn’t consume much energy.

For example, if one made a wish and picked up a super divine level resource, if in reality, there were super divine level resources not far away and very close, the consumption would be much lower. However, if one didn’t have super divine level resources beside them and forcefully made a wish, the success rate would be slim.

Therefore, the combination of the Wish Divine Skill and the Luck Divine Skill would be a very perfect combination skill.

However, luck was impossible to measure in the absence of Ling. Therefore, unless it daydreamed and drank fake wine, the gem cat basically had relatively normal wishes. This way, it wouldn’t enter any terrifying enfeeble state.

“It’s a small matter,” Shi Yu said. “It’s just that Ling is going to take a look at the Starry Sky Storm later. Just make a wish that it doesn’t encounter danger.”

Gem Cat: “?”

“It’s a simulation, an artificial simulation, not the one that killed the Kirin Race envoy.”

“I plan to let it enter the Starry Sky Storm to experience the Starry Sky Storm and learn it. Please make another wish for it to successfully learn it.”

The Gem Cat: “?”

“I, is this something that ordinary Beast Tamers and ordinary pets can do?!” The gem cat said angrily, “Don’t think I don’t know what the Starry Sky Storm is. A cosmic disaster that top-notch gods are afraid of!!”

“It’s not that I can’t help you, but can you not do dangerous things and place your hopes on me… The pressure is very high, alright!”

Shi Yu said, “Don’t worry, I’m not counting on you. I just think that having another layer of insurance is better than nothing. We’ve already done enough preparations.”

The Gem Cat: “?”

Damn it, that was even more ridiculous!

…

Blue Wave City, Space Disaster Research Institute.

Shi Yu had informed Dr. Lei Nuo in advance of his arrival.

In the research institute, Dr. Lei Nuo and his granddaughter, Ling’s assistant, Jin, immediately welcomed Shi Yu personally.

After all, Shi Yu was a rare guest. It was so rare that, apart from the first time he came with the Space Emperor, Ling came over to learn the rest of the time.

This made Dr. Lei Nuo extremely puzzled. Did Shi Yu really have a dream?

“Mr. Shi Yu?” Jin stood beside Dr. Lei Nuo and greeted Shi Yu softly. This was the first time she had seen Dr. Ling’s mechanic. She observed Shi Yu carefully, wanting to see what was different about Shi Yu from other mechanics to be able to nurture a perfect researcher like Dr. Ling.

“Hello.” Shi Yu smiled and said to Dr. Lei Nuo, “Dr. Lei Nuo, I came this time to use the ‘Starry Sky Storm Simulation Space’.”