Chapter 1380 - 1380 The Cat Is Back (1)

1380 The Cat is Back (1)

In the central world, World King City, the headquarters of the Myriad Races Committee.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

As another battle above its level succeeded, this place received the news immediately.

“Minister, a new challenger has succeeded above its level.”

In a luxurious office, a strange life form with a human body but a planet on its head looked at the person.

“Tell me about it,” the planet head said. Then, it turned to look at the documents on the table again.

The secretary said, “The challenger is from the Floating Realm. He logged into the Myriad Race Battlefield in the Blue Wave Realm. For the third time, he participated in the Myriad Race Ranking Battle and just completed the ranking.”

“It calls itself the king of the Iron-eating Beast Race, Eleven. In the first battle, it defeated the quasi-divine of the Blue Wave Green Dragon Race, ranked 9212. The second time, it defeated the quasi-divine of the Star Refining Race, ranked 202… This time, it defeated someone above its level. It’s the junior god of the Ice Kirin Race, ranked 1001,024!”

“Most importantly, Eleven is only four years old.”

The minister of the New Star Race Resources Management Department, Di Yin, didn’t react when he heard the pile of information in front.

In this position, he had received too much information about successful battles above his level. There were countless from large races and new top-notch divine races.

If he wanted him to take a look, this person who succeeded above its level definitely had to have something even more outstanding. For example, defeating a strong race in the top 10,000 above its level and not a weak race at the bottom.

Or age.

“Four years old?” Di Yin said.

“Do you have any information on the divine power value of that junior god?”

“About 40.”

Di Yin fell into deep thought. “Interesting, but we still need to observe more and activate the ‘New Star Plan’ on it. Encourage it and more Iron-eating Beasts to continue participating in the ranking battle of all races and even fight above its level.”

“We’ll arrange its opponent next.”

…

Blue Wave World.

Eleven and Buggy from the Blue Wave Branch of the Myriad Races Committee received a warm welcome. The Blue Wave Branch bore the consumption of Eleven’s battle and treated it to a big meal.

“Contestant Eleven, there’s news from the headquarters.” Director Sen excitedly found Eleven and Buggy, who were still eating and drinking.

“How much, how much?” Eleven looked up.

“Congratulations, the Iron-eating Beast Race has successfully leveled up. The initial ranking is out. It’s 11,111,111!”

“A total of six 1s. How auspicious,” Director Sen said.

However, as soon as it finished speaking, Eleven was like a bolt from the blue. The food in its hand fell with a look of disbelief.

What!!

It actually ranked in the 10 million?

Why was it so low?

Didn’t it successfully fight above its level?

Buggy: Leader is awesome~

“Was there a mistake?!” Eleven was unconvinced.

“Contestant Eleven, this initial ranking is already not low. You have to know that this doesn’t represent your personal racial strength, but the ‘average racial strength’ of the Iron-eating Beast Race. Although your personal racial strength can compete with the same level as the top 100 cosmic races, it can’t be helped that the other clansmen don’t have a participation record…”

“Under normal circumstances, if you want to have a good ranking in the ranking battle of all races, be it family or race, you have to have at least ‘5’ participating representatives.”

“In the ranking battle of all races, the number of participating races is calculated in the form of ‘hundreds of millions’. This ranking is really not low.”

Eleven was stunned and still a little sad.

10 million… 10 million… It had worked very hard to fight a Kirin above its level, not even caring about their friendship…

Director Sen was caught between laughter and tears. “But the problem isn’t very big. As long as you advance all the way to the divine level and all the way to the super divine level, even if you’re the only one from the Iron-eating Beast Race who can fight, you might be able to enter the top 10,000 or even the top 1,000 in the future…”

“Wuu!!” Eleven felt it was time to bring Blue Planet’s Iron-eating Beast over to play ranking together.

“Ji~” Buggy was amused. 10 million was so low. Although it didn’t participate, it should be considered a member of the Green Dragon Race. At the moment, the Green Dragon Race’s ranking was in the top 100.

Just like Susu, it didn’t participate in the competition at all. It was far ahead of Eleven and stood on the shoulders of its predecessor.

“The ranking isn’t the most important thing. Contestant Eleven, the headquarters has already confirmed to launch a new star race cultivation plan for the ‘Iron-eating Beast Race’. Next, as long as you continue to participate in the battle above your level and win, as long as the other Iron-eating Beast Races also participate in the ranking battle and obtain good results, they will constantly accumulate wealth in the Iron-eating Beast Cultivation Fund and can be used to withdraw money.”

“This is your greatest gain after working hard to win this victory.”

“Wu wu wu.” Eleven sighed and expressed that it wasn’t bad. This was also good. In the future, ranking was no longer a pure waste of food. There were still benefits!

Director Sen chuckled. As long as Eleven was happy. He was also quite happy. Unearthing a new star race wouldn’t be lacking in personal results. However, he looked at the messy table in silence. The two of them were too gluttonous, right? Why did he feel that they were even more gluttonous than divine-level beasts?

Damn, no wonder they were so strong!

…

“Yes, yes.” At home, Shi Yu listened to Eleven and Buggy’s report and nodded. “Not bad. Unfortunately…”

Unfortunately… battles above its level matched opponents from all over the world. Even if it encountered good skills, it couldn’t replicate them!

Letting Eleven pull customers was too slow.

Sigh.

“Then you can play by yourself next,” Shi Yu said. “In two months, we’re going to participate in the Four Saints Meeting. During this period, I’ll take care of Buggy, Chi Tong, and the three guys first.”