Chapter 1382 - 1382 The Cat Is Back (3)

1382 The Cat is Back (3)

“If they don’t want it, I can also raise it for them. As long as they give me alimony, I promise to nurture the little demons to a top-notch divine level, not inferior to that Iron-eating Beast.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Lin Feng: “…”

Lin Feng: “?”

This kid wanted to sell a demon cub, right?

This kid was extorting, right?

“The Demon Race will definitely be interested. Do you have the divine stone with you?”

“No, it’s still on Blue Planet. Senior Lin Feng, you can send someone to call a demigod named Teacher Ying from Blue Planet’s Dong Huang to World King Planet. All my assets on Blue Planet are saved with her. Tell her to bring all the resources over.”

“I’ve already established myself on the World King Planet and joined the World King Planet’s large faction. My status is enough to be compared to Senior Space Emperor and Senior Lin Feng. In this way, she dares to come over.”

Lin Feng: “?”

Why did he bring him along? Also, why did he feel that this kid was tricking that Teacher Ying?

His status was high, but it was clearly still “in the cub state”. His own hard strength wasn’t enough to support it.

Lin Feng said, “Alright, I’ll get Qi Mu to return to Blue Planet when I’m free.”

Next, Shi Yu and Lin Feng chatted for a while before ending the call. At this moment, Shi Yu had already started to think of a way to get money. He felt that the most important thing now was to trick Teacher Cat over.

Teacher Cat’s Wish Divine Skill was still awesome and exciting. He had investigated. It seemed to be the intrinsic skill of a Starry Sky Race, the Star Prayer Race. It was very ferocious. The origin of the extraterrestrial gem that Teacher Cat picked up might not be simple.

He could even make a wish for a resource like the Teleportation Key Stone. With her as the cat military advisor beside him, he might be able to earn money faster.

…

Next, Shi Yu counted the more than 100 divine-level crystals in his hand. He already planned to consume them all in two months.

He formulated a points plan for himself.

Firstly, the Star Sea Contract and origin fluctuations, the Life Divine Body, and the Wood Control had to be added first. These skills were all related to earning money. With the enhancement effect, it could also increase the efficiency of adding points. It was the foundation.

Baby Ginseng’s Reincarnation Fruit, Cultivation Fruit, and Susu’s inheritance water droplet were the key to earning money next. They had to be maxed out. They were the results of the foundation.

Apart from that, Buggy’s Green Dragon Indestructible Body, Creation Domain, Dragon Star Group, Chi Tong’s Vermillion Bird clone, and the Four Holy Transformations of Little Quas, Turtle, and Shorty also needed to be completed in two months. There would be many activities of the Four Holy Evolvers in the Four Saints Meeting, so it was never a bad thing to let their faith skills be stronger.

Finally, there was the Wind Control, Wind Spirit Bead, Turning Misfortune into Luck, and the Mechanical Spirit that Ling had already advanced to a quasi-divine skill. These four skills also had to be maxed out, deciding if it could successfully learn the Starry Sky Storm next.

These skills were all added points that Shi Yu planned to complete in the next two months. The workload was very, very huge. After all, it involved several top-notch divine skills and high-level divine skills. It was very difficult to add points to these skills. Therefore, Shi Yu felt that the funds Blue Planet and the Space Emperor had given him would be exhausted immediately.

However, all of this was worth it. As long as he endured these two months and added the skills of his pets, with the resources brought by their skills, Shi Yu’s funds could be circulated. Although he couldn’t add points as fiercely as now, as long as he obtained some investment from various places to maintain his daily livelihood, it shouldn’t be a problem…

“Add more points!”

That day, Shi Yu began to cruelly continue to add points. Coupled with the charming cultivation fruit, he ate, slept, and added points after sleeping… During this period, apart from the skill proficiency of the pets, Shi Yu’s own Space Strengthening talent and Time Strengthening talent were also quickly leveling up.

Although Shi Yu didn’t want to stir up any era ruins, in order to not cause any accidents, he still worked hard to increase the level of his Passage of Time.

…

Blue Planet…

Phoenix Man was entrusted by Lin Feng to spend another cosmic crystal to come to Dong Huang. He planned to bring back a batch of information first and invite a native of Blue Planet to the World King Planet.

Ancient Capital University.

“Excuse me, is Teacher Ying around?” The Phoenix man descended into Ancient Capital University and used telepathy to cover the entire school. He sent a voice transmission to life forms above the totem level.

A moment later, a slightly lazy cat girl in a cheongsam appeared and looked at the familiar Phoenix man.

“Eh, it’s you. The one who was defeated by Shi Yu.”

The Phoenix Man: “?”

What was this cat saying?

“Teacher Ying, right? Well, Shi Yu asked me to come over. He’s doing very well on World King Planet and joined a large organization. His status is already comparable to the Space Emperor, and his future is limitless. He wants to invite you to World King Planet to plot with him. Then, he wants you to bring all the resources and move…”

Gem Cat: Alert.jpg

Who was this kid kidding? He had only left for two months, how could he be comparable to the Space Emperor who had defeated a super divine above his level?

Although Shi Yu was indeed very monstrous, this speed was clearly even more unscientific. She didn’t believe it.

“Do you believe it yourself??” the gem cat asked.

“I…” The Phoenix man was immediately stunned. Lord Lin Feng had told him this. He didn’t want to believe it either, but…

“No, no,” the gem cat said.

“Really! Shi Yu said that with his current status, when you reach there, not only can you eat well, your level can also quickly reach the divine level.”

“In fact, even if it’s a super divine level and a cosmic emperor, it’s not impossible to look forward to it.” This was added by Phoenix Man himself to complete the mission.

“I won’t go even if it’s real. Only a fool would believe you.” The gem cat girl was extremely Buddhist. Now, she was the strongest on Blue Planet. Was she so free that she would go to World King Planet to find trouble?

The next day, the gem cat packed its assets and stepped onto the teleportation to World King Planet with the cosmic crystal sent by Phoenix Man. Its goal was super divine level!