Chapter 1389 - 1389 Lucky Cat (3)

1389 Lucky Cat (3)

Shi Yu blew his hair and said calmly, “That’s true. Don’t you know who we are? If nothing goes wrong, we can get the title of a doctorate in cosmic disaster science in a while.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Not only am I the vice president of the Cosmic Sea Environmental Protection Association and a three-star purifier, but I’ll also be the deputy director of the Space Disaster Research Institute and have a doctorate in cosmic disaster science. Teacher Cat, don’t worry, you’ll eat better from now on.”

The gem cat was more and more pleasantly surprised. Although she didn’t understand, she felt that Shi Yu was impressive. She knew that she wasn’t wrong about this kid. As expected, this guy was a monster no matter where he went.

“Then when are you going to make me a cosmic emperor?” she asked.

Shi Yu: “?”

“What cosmic emperor?”

“? Didn’t you promise it? That Phoenix man said that you found a way to let me become the cosmic emperor, so I came.”

Shi Yu: “?”

“I didn’t. I don’t know about it. Go find Phoenix Man.”

The gem cat was angry. She knew that it was a scam. “What about the super divine level?”

Shi Yu: “I don’t know.”

The gem cat: “?”

“At most, divine-level. Baby Ginseng, take out the cultivation fruit. Teacher Ying, this is a modified cultivation fruit. As long as you eat it, you can automatically level up by sleeping. I specially prepared one for you. Do you want to try it?”

“Yi!” Baby Ginseng took out the cultivation fruit.

The taste wasn’t successfully modified, but it modified one that could be eaten by other life forms other than humans.

“There’s such a good thing?” The gem cat’s anger dissipated immediately. She took the cultivation fruit from Baby Ginseng and took a bite.

In the next second, her face turned green and purple. She fainted and was immediately knocked out.

When Shi Yu, Ling, and Baby Ginseng saw this, they fell into deep thought. “Ling, think about how to write the thesis. I reckon that Teacher Cat can sleep for half a month. Don’t disturb her.”

“Yi! (Sacrifice a cultivation fruit and save a few meals.)” Baby Ginseng felt that it wasn’t a loss.

This fruit was indeed powerful. It was named: Anti-Cat Fruit!

“Alright…” Ling said. She had already thought about it. She planned to write this paper from the perspective of cosmic disaster materials science and research mechanical materials suitable for the mechanic class that could more perfectly resist the disaster of the cosmic storm.

Although it might not be able to upgrade the various battleships and definitely couldn’t compare to the existing intelligence crystals, opening up a new idea should be able to prove their abilities.

…

Next, after completing the most important thing, Shi Yu continued to prepare for the Four Saints Meeting and added points to Buggy, Chi Tong, Little Quas, Turtle, and Shorty.

A week later, as the points were added, Shi Yu also began to deduce an important skill: [Faith Overdraft].

[Learning Pet]: Buggy

[Name]: Faith Overdraft

[Effect]: As long as it makes up for the power of faith in the future, it can overdraw the power of faith that it never had to strengthen its faith skill!

[Deduction success rate]: Extremely low

Shi Yu chose to deduce it on Buggy. As long as Buggy learned it, it should be no problem to directly replicate it and teach it to the Vermillion Bird, Black Tortoise, and White Tiger.

…

A long time later.

Shi Yu lay weakly in front of Buggy.

At the same time.

[Deduction successful]

[Exclusive Learning Method]: The first step is to at least master the prototype of the spiritual law. The second step is to condense a spiritual body and successfully establish a spiritual contract with the corresponding faith item that contains strong traces of time. The third step is to consume the Pledge Flower, the Wish Power Crystal, and the Curse Star to establish an oath and restrictions.

The stronger the control over the corresponding power of faith, the higher the success rate.

“Is this the condition to learn Faith Overdraft… Looks like… it’s not very troublesome…” After Shi Yu and Buggy received it, Buggy was quite satisfied. At least, it didn’t have to go to the male department to remove his genitals.

However, it looked like it was going to put in a lot of effort again. A faith item that contained strong traces of time… What was strong traces of time? Did hundreds of years count? Or millions of years? Or billions of years? Or would it be from the last era?

He couldn’t be sure now. He could only try when the time came and prepare some.

Apart from that, Buggy didn’t master the spiritual law either… It had to find a place to replicate it. Although it was also quite rare, this shouldn’t be a difficult law to replicate.

“Great…!!!” Just as Shi Yu and Buggy were in deep thought, a happy voice suddenly came from the villa outside.

Teacher Ying, who had slept for a week, finally woke up. At the same time, her body emitted a powerful aura, and weak law ripples lingered.

Shi Yu and Buggy were stunned. They immediately appeared and asked, “Teacher Ying, what’s going on? You…”

The gem cat girl was extremely excited. “Although that cultivation fruit is extremely disgusting, the effect is really good!!”

“For your sake, I spent a lot of money to buy an inheritance resource for a ‘mental control’ divine skill from a revival divine beast on Blue Planet. I’ve originally been stuck at a bottleneck, but I didn’t expect to master it after sleeping.”

“From today onwards, I’m also a person with two quasi-divine skills!! I’m so strong! So strong!”

“Quasi-divine skill of mental control?” Shi Yu and Buggy found it unbelievable as they looked at the gem cat girl with green eyes.

“Teacher Ying…”

“Do you want us to experiment on your skills with you?”