Chapter 1386 - 1386 As Long As The Starry Sky Storm Has Hands (4)

1386 As Long As the Starry Sky Storm Has Hands (4)

In the scene outside, the small silver-white battleship was getting closer and closer to the Starry Sky Storm. Dr. Lei Nuo and Jin couldn’t take their eyes off it. Dr. Lei Nuo said, “Very good! The position you entered was chosen very well. As expected of Ling. Although the power of the storm in this position isn’t the weakest, it has the least impact on them.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Boom!

Shi Yu and Ling plunged into the cosmic storm. In an instant, Ling felt that its life form was greatly affected. The entire battleship began to sway. It instantly lost its vision and direction, and its state weakened by 30%.

“Cough.” Upon encountering the cosmic storm, Shi Yu also instantly felt dizzy. He felt that it was even more disgusting than teleporting to the World King Planet. This was even the result of Ling perfectly resisting the first wave of impact.

“Ling, how’s the situation?”

“It’s recovering various functions. It’s currently in a controllable range,” Ling said.

The outside relied on the “Turning Misfortune into Luck” to absorb the power of the Starry Sky Storm as a defense. Then, it injected energy into the “Wind Spirit Bead” inside to deconstruct and analyze the power of the Starry Sky Storm. In the end, it activated the power of the World Tree Fruit to increase enhancement comprehension and relied on high-level calculations and deduction rules to practice repeatedly. This was the method Shi Yu deduced for Ling to learn the Starry Sky Storm through the skill Index.

Because it was distracted from learning the Starry Sky Storm, Ling couldn’t spare too much energy to resist the Starry Sky Storm and control its body. It could only follow the waves. Of course, although it could be said to be following the waves, it didn’t completely give up resisting.

“The storm form has changed!” Under Dr. Lei Nuo and Jin’s observation, Shi Yu and the others had only entered the storm for a few seconds before the storm’s form changed. This required Shi Yu and the others to immediately find a new strategy to deal with it and change their route. Otherwise, it was very likely that they would be swept into the core of the storm and encounter an even stronger conflict.

“Watch how they deal with it carefully!” Dr. Lei Nuo instructed his granddaughter.

However, a scene that made Dr. Lei Nuo’s balls hurt appeared. In the face of the sudden change in the form of the storm, the battleship Shi Yu rode responded to the changes with immutability. It didn’t move at all. The chaotic storm seemed to have brushed past him. He dodged the battleship and let the battleship perfectly dodge the impact in the gap.

Jin: “No positioning… is the best positioning??”

Dr. Lei Nuo was silent. He thought of something and said, “Nonsense! In the future, if you encounter such a situation, you mustn’t pilot a battleship like this. The mortality rate is definitely 99%!! I forgot that Dr. Ling has the Luck Divine Skill. This… is this alright?”

He relied on luck to let the strong impact area of the Starry Sky Storm circle around him!!

“Again!” Jin suddenly said, “Two storms fused…”

The cosmic storm was unpredictable, and one had to be careful at all times. Seeing this, Dr. Lei Nuo said, “This situation is the most difficult to deal with. If one doesn’t have rich driving experience and a powerful foundation, they will definitely be heavily injured…”

Just as he finished speaking, the fused strong storm impact once again circled around Ling, who was learning to comprehend the cosmic storm as it drove.

Dr. Lei Nuo: “?”

Jin: “Wow, Old Master, I want to learn this!”

He felt that driving a battleship through a cosmic storm like this was good as long as he had hands.

“I can’t learn it!!!”

In the environmental area, in the mystic realm villa, the gem cat girl lay on the sofa weakly. “I’ll make a wish…”

In fact, it was just that ridiculous. Shi Yu and Ling relied on various unscientific methods to fight for the best and most comfortable learning space. In this model, they drove for three minutes but still didn’t encounter any danger.

Of course, if it really encountered danger that couldn’t be avoided with luck, Ling would also quickly react. Its computing ability could calculate what was real danger and what looked dangerous. However, if it dealt with the Starry Sky Storm with all its might, there wouldn’t be such a perfect learning environment as today.

Letting oneself learn in the cosmic storm was undoubtedly the boldest but most efficient learning experience.

“The mysteries of the Starry Sky Storm are quite deep,” Ling said. “Master, the simulated Starry Sky Storm should still be inferior to the real starry sky. It’s not easy to see through the origin when comprehending it…”

Shi Yu’s scalp went numb. “Speak in human language!”

He was under a lot of pressure now, alright? In order to let Ling study in peace, he was the one piloting the battleship now!

Shi Yu sat in the driver’s seat and looked at the blurry storm area in his vision. He sighed.

Of course, today, Shi Yu also learned a very profound experience of piloting a battleship through the cosmic storm from Ling through the memory water droplet. Although he was facing ten thousand changes by remaining unchanged, he still needed to do some operations.

It consumed energy.

“It’s a little difficult to learn human language. It still requires time,” Ling said. “But according to the deduction results, the success rate is as high as 95%.”

“As expected of the learning method deduced by Master.”

Shi Yu said, “Don’t be distracted. Learn well.”

Ling said, “You made a mistake just now. I’ll save it.”

Shi Yu was speechless.

Time passed minute by minute.

Dr. Lei Nuo saw it. It was the most ridiculous way to face the cosmic storm in history. It was to sail in a straight line! He would bet that he wouldn’t encounter the most dangerous area head-on! Wasn’t this a living gambler?

It really relied on its luck to do whatever it wanted.

He looked at his adoring granddaughter and felt that something was wrong.

This wasn’t a proper driving guide.

“The most dangerous is here!” Suddenly, Dr. Lei Nuo looked at the screen again. According to the simulation results, the Starry Sky Storm encountered a star. Under the influence of the star, it was divided into many solar storms. The violent Starry Sky Storm upgraded again. A strong storm wave swept out and covered the entire area!

“This time, they can’t rely on luck. On such a scale, even in the area with the weakest energy, they have to deal with it with all their might at the demigod level. It’s already at the stage of testing the defense facilities and will.”

“If I pass this, their level will be close to mine…”

After Dr. Lei Nuo finished speaking, he was stunned.

Jin was also stunned.

This was because the cosmic storm that should have gone berserk directly opened a huge hole, like a king sending them off respectfully, creating an extremely safe passage for Shi Yu’s battleship to pass through.

“This!!” Dr. Lei Nuo was stunned.

Jin said in a daze, “Grandpa, what did you just say…”

“Impossible, definitely impossible!!!” Dr. Lei Nuo said in shock, “Heavens, they control the Starry Sky Storm?!!”

“How is this possible? This doesn’t make sense!!!”