Chapter 1388 - 1388 Lucky Cat (2)

1388 Lucky Cat (2)

“If you reach the super divine level, as long as the previous chief retires and dies without any competitors of the same level, the next chief will be you. This is already a position that stands at the peak of the World King Planet.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Shi Yu gulped. That was indeed what Dr. Lei Nuo had said the last time. However, this was still too far away. Now, he only wanted to flirt with the other doctors who had mastered disasters in the research institute and replicate other disaster skills…

Don’t worry, it was fine as long as he obtained the prerequisite for the upper domain.

“Well… Can you demonstrate the Starry Sky Storm skill once?” Dr. Lei Nuo said. “I want to see what the effect will be when I use it outside.”

“No problem.” Shi Yu nodded.

The wind of the Starry Sky Storm wasn’t the wind in the traditional meaning of Blue Planet, but the cosmic wind produced by the special force fields between the various planets. The entire Starry Sky Storm skill was like an upgraded Wind Spirit Bead.

Not only could it absorb various cosmic powers to perfect the storm, but it could also borrow various cosmic powers to expand the range of the disaster, like the power of nature.

Boom.

In an experimental building, looking at the divine-level venue ravaged by the Starry Sky Storm, Dr. Lei Nuo and Jin swallowed their saliva. They felt that if junior gods encountered it, they would be heavily injured.

After Ling finished experimenting with Dr. Lei Nuo, Dr. Lei Nuo was extremely happy. “This is it.”

“In the next period of time, Shi Yu, Ling, use the facilities of the Blue Wave Research Institute to complete a specific research result report paper. This will be the key to your advancement. I’ll directly recommend the paper to the headquarters. If everything goes smoothly, you can quickly become cosmic disaster doctors certified by the Disaster Research Institute.”

“We disaster researchers are different from other professions. Our goal is to study disasters thoroughly and increase the survival rate of people after encountering disasters in the universe. It’s a great cause to benefit the entire universe. Therefore, mastering the Starry Sky Storm isn’t the key. The key is how to use this talent to benefit the World King Planet. Therefore, the next thesis will mainly involve your understanding of this.”

“Be it military or interstellar travel, it’s fine.”

“Since you’ve already mastered the Starry Sky Storm, your understanding in this aspect definitely far exceeds that of ordinary people. There’s no problem.”

“Alright,” Shi Yu said with a nod.

It was indeed different from other professions. For example, the Environmental Protection Association directly tested one’s cleansing ability. As for the Disaster Research Institute, the greater value derived from one’s personal ability seemed to be the most important.

He still had to write a thesis…

Sigh, that made sense. If everyone knew how to deal with the cosmic storm, then the unlucky Kirin Race that ran to Blue Planet to deliver the message wouldn’t have to die.

It was too unfair to die in a traffic accident.

“Then, Dr. Lei Nuo, we’re a little tired today. We’ll go back first. After resting, we’ll start work.” Shi Yu suddenly had a headache. He was too tired from piloting the battleship just now.

Ling used a Starry Sky Storm and consumed a lot of energy.

“Then go quickly and rest well,” Dr. Lei Nuo said.

After Shi Yu and the others left, Dr. Lei Nuo suddenly recalled something and thought of a bad thing.

“Grandpa, what’s wrong? Are you unhappy??” Jin looked at her grandfather and asked.

“It’s nothing…” Dr. Lei Nuo suddenly recalled that Old Wang seemed to have told him that Shi Yu was also a three-star purifier, the vice president of the Blue Wave Environmental Protection Association!

Although the Space Emperor didn’t say directly why he became a three-star purifier and the vice president, Dr. Lei Nuo kept feeling that something was wrong.

This shouldn’t be considered snatching people from the Environmental Protection Association, right? No, definitely not. With such good research and learning ability, it was obvious that his future as a researcher was greater.

“I have to prepare some gifts. I wonder if Shi Yu has learned the divine-level mechanical talent to increase his enhancement calculation and deduction ability… Wait, if Shi Yu is a three-star purifier, he must also be learning the exclusive talent of the Environmental Protection Association… Is this the energy competition Old Wang mentioned?”

…

Environmental Protection District, mystic realm villa.

Shi Yu and Ling returned tiredly, but after they entered the villa, they realized that there was a cat girl lying on the sofa. She seemed to be even more tired than them.

“Teacher Ying?” Shi Yu called out tentatively.

“I’ll make a wish…” On the sofa, a weak voice came. Shi Yu silently summoned Baby Ginseng and soon healed the gem cat girl.

“I’m so tired…” The gem cat girl pushed herself up from the sofa and rubbed her eyes. She looked at Shi Yu and the others unhappily and said, “What exactly did you guys do? Why did I consume so much energy?”

“Ah, I didn’t do anything. I just barged around in the Starry Sky Storm and bet that the Starry Sky Storm wouldn’t attack us,” Shi Yu said. “Teacher Ying, you actually suffered such a serious backlash… Looks like we underestimated you. Your skill is indeed very awesome.”

The gem cat: “?”

How overboard.

Shi Yu smiled and waved his hand. “In short, thank you, Teacher Ying. I’ll let Baby Ginseng make a big meal for you today.”

“Hurry up, hurry up, wu wu wu.” The gem cat indeed felt hungry.

“Hurry up.” Shi Yu also commanded the dark-eyed ginseng.

“Yi…” Baby Ginseng cried. Another mouth to feed appeared in the team. It was so annoying.

“No, wait.” The gem cat girl suddenly reacted and said, “You… mastered the Starry Sky Storm??”