Chapter 1383 - 1383 As Long As The Starry Sky Storm Has Hands (1)

1383 As Long As the Starry Sky Storm Has Hands (1)

Blue Wave City, environmental area, mystic realm villa, beside the Cleansing Lake.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Eleven was training the eight trigrams clone.

Qian, Kun, Zhen, Xun, Kan, Li, Gen, and Dui’s eight clones. Each clone contained different powers.

Eleven had yet to completely master their abilities.

The eight trigrams clone was very magical, but the main body couldn’t master the ability mastered by the clone.

Unlike the Bean Bears, whose abilities were all inherited from Eleven, their clones had left Eleven and had abilities that even their main bodies didn’t have.

Although it was still led by Eleven’s consciousness, it was equivalent to Eleven having to redevelop many new abilities. It was very troublesome.

Perhaps, when the proficiency of this skill was high, many abilities could really be fused into the main body.

Shi Yu said that in the cosmic view: Qian was the sky, Kun was the ground, Zhen was thunder, Xun was wind, Kanw as water, Li was fire, Gen was the mountain, and Dui was the lake.

However, in terms of body, Qian was the head. Kun was the abdomen, Zhen was the feet, Kan was the ear, Li was the eye, Gen was the hand, and Dui was the mouth. Therefore, Eleven believed that when the eight trigrams clone was trained to a high level, it could fuse the eight trigrams clone itself.

“Wuu!” Under Eleven’s reprimand, the eight clones endured the pressure with sweat all over their faces.

Buggy was basking in the sun on the pavilion, watching its clone suffer and refining the Dragon Ball daily.

Baby Ginseng, on the other hand, was constantly creating Cultivation Fruits and Reincarnation Fruits, preparing to sell them.

Susu was still cleansing sources of pollution and worked hard to earn money.

As for Chi Tong, Little Ji, and Duckie, they held the inheritance water droplet created by Susu and inputted their experience in “death power”, “destruction power”, and “abyss power” respectively. It was equivalent to recording Internet lessons.

These… were also to be sold.

However, although the memory water droplet had been upgraded to the inheritance water droplet, because the power of laws was more profound, even if someone used it, he couldn’t inherit 100% of the EXP. Considering the level of the inheritance water droplet and the incomplete prototype power of laws EXP of Chi Tong and the others, if he wanted to learn it, he probably had to rely on talent and comprehension. It would be a blessing to have a 5% chance.

But even so, Shi Yu still felt that it could be sold for a good price. After all, powers like the Death Destruction Abyss were rare and powerful. Even a 1% chance was enough for many divine-levels to take a gamble.

Qi and Little Zi, who were bored and had nothing to do, were naturally called by Shi Yu to train Little Quas, Turtle, and Shorty. Under the occasional additional points of unassisted super skills, the level of the baby team’s will steadily increase. It was already close to the overlord’s will. Perhaps in a few days, it could become a little overlord.

“Wu.” After a long time, Shi Yu woke up from his sleep. He first tested his strength progress. Through this sleep, his Space Strengthening talent had finally been developed to level nine. His Time Strengthening talent had also been developed to Level 7. It was really not easy.

As expected of him, he still slept so hard.

“Is Ling around? Ling, this is the last time to add points.” After waking up, Shi Yu called out to Ling.

“I’m here!” Ling, who was hiding in its territory and researching, immediately came over when it received Shi Yu’s call with slight anticipation.

A month passed.

Baby Ginseng’s Wood Control, Life Divine Body, World Tree Fruit, and Susu’s origin fluctuations took more than half a month to increase to the stage (expert+11), which was the perfect state of a quasi-divine skill. If it took another step, it could be upgraded to a divine skill.

With the support of these functional divine skills, Shi Yu’s efficiency in adding points increased again. Ling’s few skills were also efficiently strengthened.

< Name > Ling

[Race Skill]

[Quasi-Divine Level]: Wind Blessing (expert+11), Mechanical Spirit (expert+11), Wind Control (expert+10), Turning Misfortune into Luck (expert+11), Wind Spirit Bead (expert+11)

[Taught Skill]

[Super level]: Mythical Revival (transcendent), Nine-Colored Divine Light (transcendent)

It had almost reached a very peak state, with four quasi-divine skills perfected!

However, although it looked powerful, Shi Yu knew that although Ling’s results in the God Sealing Battle in this state wouldn’t be bad, it was impossible for it to be at the top or even the top 100.

He still lacked an absolute trump card.

As long as he had that, Ling would have the capital to compete for the top 10.

This skill was naturally one of the cosmic disasters, the Starry Sky Storm.

Even in the entire World King Planet, there weren’t many super disaster skills mastered at the divine level.

After coming to the Blue Wave World for nearly two months, Ling was finally fully prepared to try learning the Starry Sky Storm.

Shi Yu completed the last additional point for Ling. After adding Wind Control to (expert+11), Ling was eager to give it a try. It had long self-studied all the information about the Starry Sky Storm in the Blue Wave Disaster Research Institute.

At the same time, it also observed the cosmic storm simulated by this disaster research institute several times.

Even the simulated Starry Sky Storm’s power was comparable to a divine-level attack.

Therefore, it would also be very dangerous for Ling to come into contact with this. However, it was precisely because of this that they made so many preparations. Their goal was to be able to find the pattern of the operation of the Starry Sky Storm to dodge the damage and absorb power to complete their learning.

“I hope Lady Luck will stand on our side and let you succeed in one go,” Shi Yu said.

“Then let’s go~!” Ling said.

“There’s no hurry. There’s still a key support that hasn’t arrived,” Shi Yu said. Soon, a familiar figure arrived outside the villa garden.

“The place you live in is pretty luxurious!!!” The gem cat girl looked here and was furious.