Chapter 1385 - 1385 As Long As The Starry Sky Storm Has Hands (3)

1385 As Long As the Starry Sky Storm Has Hands (3)

Dr. Lei Nuo smiled and said, “No problem, but it shouldn’t be that simple, right?”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The simulation of the Starry Sky Storm was extremely dangerous, but Ling had also seen it a few times. It was always he who brought Ling to observe. This time, Shi Yu suddenly came over. He felt that it shouldn’t be as simple as just watching the Starry Sky Storm again.

“Well… I plan to let Ling enter the Starry Sky Storm and personally experience the power of the Starry Sky Storm,” Shi Yu said.

“Oh, so it’s like… Pfft!!!” Dr. Lei Nuo widened his eyes.

Jin, who was beside him, also widened her eyes.

“What?” the two of them said in unison.

Shi Yu smiled and said, “I’ll also go in with Ling…”

“Dr. Lei Nuo, don’t worry. It’ll be fine. Ling’s learning of the theory of the Starry Sky Storm has already reached the extreme. If there’s no practice, it’s very difficult to improve anymore.”

“So this is your plan…” After pondering for a moment, Dr. Lei Nuo hesitated and said, “Alright, since Ling has analyzed it itself and there’s no problem, I’ll open it to you. However, although it’s only a simulated cosmic storm, it’s also extremely dangerous. It’s not something ordinary demigods can withstand. You have to think about the risks.”

Shi Yu said, “Yes.”

“It’s only been two months, and you’re actually going to try…” Dr. Lei Nuo shook his head.

Young people were really impatient.

After confirming the plan, Dr. Lei Nuo brought Shi Yu and the others outside the alternate space that simulated the cosmic storm.

It was very technological. In the hall with a screen filled with flashing data, a teleportation door that connected to another space was established.

The other space of the door was the simulation area of the Starry Sky Storm.

“Mr. Shi Yu, Dr. Ling, do you really want to try…” Jin said, “In the Blue Wave Research Institute, trying to come into contact with the Starry Sky Storm… Among the researchers, only Grandpa can maintain a 100% success rate. The best outcome for the other researchers who tried is to return with serious injuries.”

“You’re only at the demigod level. Perhaps it’ll be safer if you go to the divine level.”

“It’s already been decided,” Shi Yu said. “Ling has already made sufficient preparations for this day.”

“Forget it, let them go. I can understand the feeling that this kind of research progress is at a bottleneck and needs to be broken through with practice.” Dr. Lei Nuo kept setting the parameters and said, “Ling’s research on the Starry Sky Storm has indeed exceeded this research institute. With me controlling all the researchers except me, there won’t be any danger.”

“Only through practice can there be improvements.”

As he spoke, on the huge screen of the control room, in the scene connected to another space, a white wind ball had already slowly condensed at one end. That was the prototype of the Starry Sky Storm, the young body of the Starry Sky Storm that hadn’t been infected by the power of the stars!

“Shi Yu, after you enter, I’ll let the Starry Sky Storm grow. Be prepared. In 10 minutes, you’ll meet and continue to collide. If you can pass through the Starry Sky Storm in the end, your level will be considered to have graduated.”

“Even if you join the various cosmic fleets, you can obtain a ‘navigator’ position,” Dr. Lei Nuo said.

“Alright.” Shi Yu took a deep breath.

This was basically simulating the situation after encountering a cosmic storm in the starry sky!

It was also the qualification test for researchers who studied the Starry Sky Storm. Only by being able to encounter the Starry Sky Storm and successfully dodge the core disaster could they graduate!

After confirming it, Shi Yu and Ling directly entered the simulation space.

Under the gaze of Dr. Lei Nuo and Jin, Shi Yu, and Ling arrived at the safe area. At this moment, Ling had already changed into a new form, a small silver-white cosmic battleship!!

This was the final form after Ling modified itself into a cosmic life form, and it was the most suitable form to sail in the universe.

The current appearance of this battleship, together with the main body of the mechanical spirit inside, was all Ling had.

At this moment, Shi Yu had already disappeared and entered the battleship. He fused with Ling and became the pilot.

“Grandpa, be careful. If there’s danger, save them in time.”

“I understand. I’m not blind from old age.” Dr. Lei Nuo looked at the screen and said, “Jin, watch carefully. Watch how they sail normally when they encounter a cosmic storm.”

“It shouldn’t be a problem for this Ling to successfully avoid the danger of the Starry Sky Storm. Otherwise, I wouldn’t be at ease letting them use the simulation space. Study well…”

“Yes…”

As the two of them conversed, in the simulation space, the Starry Sky Storm was growing quickly. The originally white eye of the storm began to be dyed in various colors such as red, green, blue, and yellow. The interior was no longer purely gas flow, but a form change produced by the interweaving of the Starry Sky energy.

Air, electricity, heat, light… The moving and chaotic starry sky energy storm made the storm produced in the area where the vortex gas interacted with the starry sky radiation look very much like a surging sea, moving violently in a direction.

The vast cosmic storm contained shocking power. When it encountered a planet, it was enough to instantly completely destroy the natural environment and civilization facilities inside. The level of disaster far exceeded the local earthquake, the local typhoon, and even the descent of a meteorite.

In the universe, such a disaster was undoubtedly the scythe of the Death God. However, when Shi Yu rode the cosmic battleship and was ready, he still bravely walked forward and chose to fight the simulated cosmic storm head-on.