Chapter 1381 - 1381 The Cat Is Back (2)

1381 The Cat is Back (2)

“Wu wu wu!” Eleven expressed its understanding. Shi Yu had helped it increase its points in the past half a month. It was time for the other teammates.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

However, Eleven didn’t plan to continue fighting. It realized that it was still too difficult for it to fight a divine-level expert. It was very easy to fail. If it weren’t for the accelerated thinking and physical activation of the One Thought of God and Demon that happened to counter the restrictions of the Ice Kirin’s Frozen Divine Domain on reaction, body, and energy, it would be very dangerous.

Eleven’s goal in participating in the ranking battle of all races was to increase the ranking of the Iron-eating Beast Race, not defeat the enemy itself. Therefore, it suddenly had a bold idea.

The independence of the eight trigrams clone seemed to be very strong. Compared to the clones, bean soldiers, and the Nine Li Army, it was more like an independent individual. Therefore, it planned to find a day to try and see if it could jam a bug and let the eight clones disguise as Iron-eating Beast clansmen participate in the ranking competition and fight the ranking with it…

Eleven intended to plan this with Buggy, Baby Ginseng, and the others. It was afraid of being seen through if it planned it by itself.

If it could succeed, at that time, it wouldn’t have to carry everything of the Iron-eating Beast Race itself. It would just have to command its clone to fight and improve its ranking every day. When the Iron-eating Beast army on Blue Planet came, it could also throw it to its clone to train. Perfect!

“Shocking! The eight different armored Iron-eating Beasts that swept through the big races of the starry sky are actually the clones of the Panda King!” Just thinking about it made Eleven drool. It felt like it was the same thing as “Shocking! The powerful contestants in the top 10 of the God Sealing Battle are actually the contracted pets of the same person!”

It looked at Shi Yu and patted the Beast Tamer. As expected of them!

Shi Yu: “?”

…

On the day Eleven finished getting the ice cream, Shi Yu didn’t think too much about this, but Lin Feng still called personally.

“Shi Yu, I still underestimated you,” Lin Feng muttered after calling.

“Eleven actually fought its way to the Kirin Race’s house, and it’s a battle above its level.”

Damn, what was going on? At that time, he was at the legendary level. Many of his pets had to attack together to succeed.

“Ah…” Shi Yu immediately realized what it was.

“Thanks to the Environmental Protection Association, I obtained a lot of resources to strengthen my pets,” Shi Yu said with a smile.

“…” The corners of Lin Feng’s mouth twitched. He had clearly been informed that Shi Yu had cultivated a cleansing star spirit and become the vice president of the Blue Wave Environmental Protection Association. The Space Emperor expressed that he couldn’t lose his mind alone.

If it was said that, as a world overlord, the official status of the Space Emperor could still be compared to Shi Yu, then Lin Feng, an idler hanging in the Floating Realm, was clearly completely defeated by Shi Yu.

“Then do you still have any resources? We gave you so many resources. Don’t tell me you’ve spent them all??” Lin Feng asked.

Although it was satisfying to consume and strengthen in a short period of time, the cost-effective ratio of lengthening the timeline was higher!

“I still have some.”

Lin Feng was silent. Some?

“At the Four Saints Meeting, if nothing goes wrong, there will be a large number of transactions of faith items. At that time, you should exchange items and take what you need. If you want to nurture the Green Dragon in depth, you have to collect more faith items. It’s best to buy an era faith item to strengthen the Green Dragon. The power of faith on the faith items left from the last era is purer and contains extremely strong time power. It’s better for the enhancement effect of the Four Holy Beasts.”

“Don’t forget the Four Saints Meeting…”

“This… I’ll prepare it.” Shi Yu nodded. If he wanted resources, he would have to go. Although he still had some now, it would probably be gone soon.

He also planned to use the remaining pile of divine-level crystals in the past two months to strengthen his pets.

At that time, he would probably have to find another way to earn a living.

As for how to obtain a large number of faith items at the Four Holy Beast Meet, Shi Yu could only place his hopes on Baby Ginseng, hoping to sell its cultivation fruit and Reincarnation Fruit for a good price.

Well, there was also Susu’s inheritance water droplet. This was also a top-notch skill. It could even be taught law comprehension… Huh? Wait.

“Senior Lin Feng, since the Kirin Race is looking for you, don’t they really have anything to say about the Wind Blessing learning method I gave them? Are they not going to return the favor at all…” Shi Yu couldn’t help but say. Why didn’t these guys repay his kindness?

At the mention of this, Lin Feng also said helplessly, “They should still be researching. You know the difficulty of learning your Wind Blessing yourself… Now, their super divine ancestor brings a batch of geniuses to study it every day, but they haven’t succeeded.”

“If there are no results, I’m afraid it won’t show anything.”

Ah, this… Shi Yu muttered. If he had known earlier, he would have used it to sell and not give it away.

Speaking of which, could he use Susu’s inheritance water droplet to combine it with Ling’s Wind Blessing to create a Wind Blessing Teaching Crystal? This time, he had to completely win the Kirin Race.

“Senior Lin Feng, are you familiar with the Demon Race?” Shi Yu thought of something.

“What’s wrong? I’m pretty familiar with it,” Lin Feng said.

Shi Yu pondered.

Could it be that Senior Lin Feng still had a demon concubine?

Shi Yu remembered that when Senior Lin Feng was born, Dong Huang had already implemented monogamy.

It was fine if it was the Space Emperor. After all, he was born in ancient times and was an emperor. It was understandable for him to have many wives and concubines. Having more children was also to strengthen the royal family to resist external enemies, but for Lin Feng, it was obvious that Senior Divine Source’s ideological education didn’t pass.

“On Blue Planet, I obtained a divine stone that sealed the cubs of the Demon Race in the Mythical Era. The cubs of the Demon Race inside shouldn’t have hatched yet. Do you think the Demon Race will be interested? If you’re interested, you can let this little demon return to the race to avoid suffering on Blue Planet…”