Chapter 1390 - 1390 Dragon And Butterfly (1)

1390 Dragon and Butterfly (1)

After Shi Yu invited her, the gem cat excitedly pulled Shi Yu away to PK.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

It would end with Shi Yu being beaten up.

As the gem cat didn’t let Shi Yu send his pet, Shi Yu could only fight it himself.

Although he had battle power comparable to a demigod, he was only close to a demigod at the lower limit of a demigod like Blue Planet. It was impossible for him to defeat the space-element gem cat.

Buggy and the other pets looked at Shi Yu, who was being beaten up. They covered their faces and couldn’t bear to look.

Beast Tamer, you’ve worked hard.

However, so be it. In any case, Shi Yu was already satisfied that the skill had been replicated.

“Teacher Ying, what do you think of the cultivation fruit?” After being tortured, Shi Yu said with a swollen face.

“How did you create such… a thing?” the gem cat said.

This was the most disgusting thing she had ever eaten. It was simply ruining her stomach. However, when she thought of the effect of the cultivation fruit, which could even help her level up while sleeping, she couldn’t help but hesitate again.

If she could eat enough cultivation fruits and sleep for more than ten thousand years, wouldn’t she directly reach the maximum level?

Thinking about it this way, it wasn’t unacceptable.

“What do you think?” Shi Yu asked.

The gem cat understood. It was most likely that Shi Yu was also a lazy dog, so he squeezed the research ginseng dry to create such a divine fruit.

Sigh, a good ginseng baby was actually being used by a lazy person.

“This thing… is it filling?” the gem cat asked.

She now felt that this thing was like stinky tofu. Stinky tofu tasted good despite smelling bad, while this cultivation fruit was useful despite tasting bad. It was difficult to refuse.

“Of course not!” Shi Yu said. “I gave you one… I’m already very generous. It’s not easy to create that. I have to use divine-level energy crystals to quickly replenish the consumption. The flowers that rely on natural regeneration have withered.”

“However, I can sell it to you at 10% of the cost price.”

The gem cat was stunned. “Are you treating me like an outsider?”

“Then I’ll sell it to you according to the market price!”

The gem cat: Did I mean that???

“But the market price of this fruit… how much can it be sold for?” the gem cat asked.

Shi Yu shook his head and said, “I’m not very sure either, but if it can’t increase sharpness, it’s better not to sell it. As for the specifics, we have to go to the plant association to appraise it. I’ll bring Baby Ginseng over another day.”

Be it the Cultivation Fruit or the Reincarnation Fruit, they were both new things developed by Shi Yu. Shi Yu needed an Effect Appraisal Certificate. This way, it would be easier for him to sell them in the future.

Just like Ling’s paper, this was also something that needed to be done before going out.

“I’ll go!” The gem cat girl volunteered.

“Uh…” Shi Yu fell into deep thought. Then go. With this time, he could sleep more.

…

Next, Shi Yu entrusted Ling to buy things like the Pledge Flower, the Wish Power Crystal, and the Curse Star. Then, he obtained good news and bad news.

The good news was that he could still buy them. This was the good thing about big places. There were all kinds of rare things. There were no Blue Wave Domains, but there were nearly 200 other first-level domains. There were still more second and third-level domains.

Even if the World King Planet didn’t have it, the World King Planet still maintained a trade relationship with countless planets in the Cosmic Sea. Any rare specialty could be found. In this situation, it was too difficult to lack goods.

The bad news was that not only did Susu not save up the work salary for more than a month with the Star Sea Contract and the origin wave, but it might also not be enough. Shi Yu and the others still had to pay a little…

It was another three extremely expensive divine-level resources, the kind whose quality was close to Level 11. Susu cried under the bed.

As the name suggested, the Pledge Flower could help the user establish an oath goal. The more determined the user’s will was, the greater the potential that could be erupted.

The Wish Power Crystal was a crystal condensed from the powerful power of wish. It had the function of making a wish, similar to the wish stone obtained by Emperor Wu.

The Curse Star was a resource that exchanged for stronger power through self-curse… Shi Yu understood that the mechanism of over-drafting faith was very simple. After the user borrowed the power of faith that they didn’t have, if they didn’t repay it in a certain period of time, they would probably become a liar and enter a cursed state.

“We can choose not to buy the Wish Power Crystal for the time being and see if the cat can condense it. If it can, this is worth a lot. We can let the cat work to support us,” Shi Yu said as he looked at the resource price on the Internet.

Ling: “Teacher Ying has the experience of establishing a financial group that spans the world on Blue Planet. When we become world overlords later and have our own territory, we can throw everything to Teacher Ying to manage and establish a business-oriented domain.”

“Hehe…” Shi Yu chuckled. That was what he thought, too.

…

In another area of the Blue Wave World, the Plant Association.

“Yi!!” The gem cat girl in a suit and Baby Ginseng, who was wearing a doctorate hat, a leaf scarf, a white coat, and a bark book, came here together.

“The Reincarnation Fruit and the Cultivation Fruit are so powerful. Don’t tell me you also want to be the vice president of the plant association?” The gem cat girl muttered to Baby Ginseng.

“Yiya!” Baby Ginseng felt that it was a good idea.

Although the vice president of the Environmental Protection Association said that it was Shi Yu’s, to put it bluntly, the Environmental Protection Association valued Susu and it was Susu’s.

It was the same for the Disaster Research Institute. To put it bluntly, it was Ling’s.

Baby Ginseng felt that since two of the three sisters had successfully risen on the World King Planet and cozied up to a large faction, how could it, the towering emperor, fall behind?