Chapter 1398 - Chapter 1398 Universe Overlord Army Is Here (2)

Chapter 1398 Universe Overlord Army is Here (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The appearance of the battleship attracted the gazes of everyone in the Four Holy Ancient City, making the expressions of the humans and the cosmic creatures that were evolving towards the four saints solemn.

Boom.

The battleship landed, and the shocking commotion disturbed many people. The way it arrived was extremely arrogant, but no one dared to show a dissatisfied expression.

“Ah, this.” Lin Feng’s expression also became serious. “Why are they here this time?”

“This is…” Shi Yu saw the symbol on the huge cosmic battleship.

It was a black bullhead symbol with a pair of demonic bull horns. It was very oppressive.

It was the cosmic army of a universe overlord…

“It’s the universe overlord army,” Lin Feng said. “I wonder which super divine general under the universe overlord led the army…”

“What are they doing here?” Shi Yu said.

Lin Feng said, “It’s possible that it’s also for the transaction. Of course, the most likely is to crack the Four Saints Ruins. The cosmic overlord army has always been very interested in the Era Ruins…”

“The Four Holy Ruins are very ancient Elder Gu and have appeared long ago. It shouldn’t be their first time here, but in the past, cracking the Four Holy Ruins should have ended in failure. They might have new methods this time.”

“Don’t worry about them. As long as you don’t take the initiative to provoke them, they won’t dare to act recklessly on World King Planet,” Lin Feng said.

Shi Yu nodded. If only they were here to trade. He happened to want to buy a few planets from the cosmic overlord army…

And if they were here for the Four Holy Ruins… Shi Yu could only say that it was fine as long as they were happy.

In any case, he had no intention of coveting this Four Saints Ruins…

Cough, not at all. That was impossible. However, Shi Yu knew that the chances of him cracking this ruin weren’t high.

According to Senior Lin Feng, this ruin came from the previous cosmic era. It was the Four Saints Ancient Battlefield established by the subordinates of four cosmic gods.

The Green Dragon, the White Tiger, the Vermillion Bird, and the Black Tortoise were the four Cosmos Gods of the previous cosmic era. In terms of strength, they were believed to be comparable to the Dark King, the Worm Queen, the World King, and the Beastmaster of the current era. They gathered the faith of the entire universe.

However, it wasn’t because the entire universe believed in them that they were powerful, but because they were strong enough, so they obtained the faith of the entire universe.

Therefore, with such a huge amount of power of faith, the four Cosmos Gods themselves were actually not very useful. Regardless of whether they had it or not, they were also invincible. They had long stood at the peak of the universe.

However, the power of faith was indeed a pretty good power system. According to the archeological discoveries of archeologists in this era, the four holy beasts liked to turn these useless powers of faith into rewards for their followers.

Among them, the Four Saints Battlefield was established by the subordinates of the four holy beasts in this context. It was a battlefield facing the four factions of the Green Dragon, White Tiger, Vermillion Bird, and Black Tortoise.

On the battlefield, the people who entered could represent the Green Dragon, White Tiger, Vermillion Bird, and Black Tortoise to fight. The winner could split the power of faith stored in the Four Saint Ruins.

This was an inherent mechanism left behind in the ruins of the era.

As for the other mechanisms, no one knew. Apart from understanding this mechanism, no one could crack the other functions of this era’s ruins, nor could anyone become the owner of this era’s ruins.

Slowly, the Four Saints Ruins were jointly occupied by the archeological association of the World King Planet and some evolvers of the Four Saints, becoming the current event model.

Any evolver of the Four Holy Ruins could come here to compete for the power of faith at a certain price during the opening of the Four Holy Ruins.

In the Four Saints Ruins, the power of faith of the Four Saints was very huge. Until now, one couldn’t see the depth. This was also normal. After all, the Green Dragon, White Tiger, Vermillion Bird, and Black Tortoise were universe gods from the last era and had obtained the faith of all the creatures in the universe. Even if the power of faith condensed in such a context was only an insignificant small portion, it could still stuff a divine level to death.

Because of this, the World King Planet archeological association, including the army of a universe overlord, and some four holy families had always wanted to crack this ruin. Whoever could become the owner of this ruin could obtain a huge amount of power of faith and be invincible.

If the master of the ruins was a believer in the Four Saints and could still mobilize this power of faith, then even if the master of the ruins was only at the divine level, it was enough to fight at a super divine level with such a huge power of faith, making super divine lives tremble in fear.

If a super divine level became the master of the ruins, he would probably instantly become the first-tier expert below the Cosmos God level.

How could Shi Yu, who was in urgent need of the power of faith, not covet such a ruin? If he could become the owner of this ruin, he would probably not lack the power of faith for the rest of his life.

The power of faith that was passed down to the highest era was much purer and stronger than the power of faith condensed in this era.

At that time, even if he was still a demigod, he should be able to become an expert in the first tier below the super divine level. His strength wouldn’t be inferior to the Space Emperor, Lin Feng, and the others.

Of course, Shi Yu was only thinking about it. After all, if he wanted to become the owner of the ruins of the Four Holy Ruins, he would probably offend a large number of people, making all the evolvers of the Four Holy Ruins want to skin him, Buggy, Chi Tong, and the others.

It was really hard to say if it could resist these covetous eyes with the increase in strength brought by becoming the owner of the ruins.

“Let’s go, let’s go,” Lin Feng said to Shi Yu as the cosmic battleship landed in the distance.