Chapter 1392 - Chapter 1392 Dragon And Butterfly (3)

Chapter 1392 Dragon and Butterfly (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Reincarnation Fruit? Teacher? Student?” Sen Nian and the green dragon looked at the strange combination of teacher and student in confusion.

Why was a plant-type life form’s teacher a cat that was evolving towards a human form?

“Yi!! (Don’t worry about it. Do you have a relative who’s a higher-up in the plant association? I have something good to sell here. Can you contact the higher-ups of the plant association?)” Baby Ginseng took out a fruit and shook it.

Sen Nian and Gorka: ???

…

In the mystic realm villa.

After Shi Yu replicated the quasi-divine skill of mental control, he began to teach Buggy first.

In the past few days, he had also taught other quasi-divine skills randomly. For example, he had successfully taught Eleven and Chi Tong the Metal Control skill of Shorty.

For example, Dark Control wasn’t only taught to Eleven, but also to Duckie.

Apart from installing Buggy, quasi-divine-level spatial control also gave Chi Tong and Ling with pretty good compatibility.

After Ling modified itself into a cosmic life battleship, its main new attributes were spatial Stats. This was more convenient for it to sail in the starry sky of the universe. Apart from Space Control, it also had to teach Light Control.

Although they were all entry-level, after teaching them, their configurations immediately underwent a tremendous change.

Even if there was a difference in the number of quasi-divine skills from the first place in the God Sealing Battle, a small monster like Zavay with 15 quasi-divine skills, the difference in quality was definitely negligible.

Shi Yu optimized the skill configuration while adding faith skills to Buggy and Chi Tong. The efficiency was very high.

“Alright!” Although Baby Ginseng wasn’t around, the supplements it left behind also added points. After Shi Yu finished adding points to Buggy, both parties immediately thanked Teacher Cat for her gift.

“We’ll think of a way to figure out the faith item at the Four Saints Meeting. You just have to condense your spiritual body first,” Shi Yu said. “You have to use the spiritual laws to condense your spiritual body.”

“If you have any difficulties, tell me again. I’ll continue to increase points.”

“Wu!!!” Buggy asked what was so difficult about this? Although it didn’t know mental control previously, its previous skills included high-end usage of mental strength. Its attainments in mental strength weren’t low, it just lacked an opportunity.

Buggy immediately performed condensing a spiritual body for Shi Yu on the spot. The spiritual body condensed from spiritual laws was like a Nascent Soul in the cultivation system, like a miniaturized pet.

Soon, a Green Silkworm embryo slowly formed. Then, it turned into a cocoon and turned into a butterfly, turning into a beautiful spiritual butterfly. It felt very similar to the Butterfly of Imagination.

Then, it slowly planned to grow into the current Green Dragon form, but… at this moment, it was stuck.

Buggy was covered in sweat. The Butterfly of Imagination’s spiritual body just didn’t grow anymore and couldn’t transform into a dragon.

“Ji…” Buggy, who wanted to know what was going on, immediately entered the spiritual sea with the incarnation of the Dragon of Imagination and found the Butterfly of Imagination. The two parties fused together. Soon, Buggy knew what was going on.

At this point, although it had already evolved into a Green Dragon, in its heart, Buggy still thought that it was an insect type and acknowledged its identity as a Green Silkworm. Therefore, it wasn’t easy to create a nomological spiritual body.

As the saying went, the body and mind weren’t united.

Buggy didn’t expect that it would actually be stuck in such a place. No… The Green Silkworm was it, the Butterfly of Imagination was it, and the Green Dragon was also it. In order to successfully shape it, the Dragon of Imagination it turned into immediately worked hard to fuse with the Butterfly of Imagination, trying to assimilate…

“Work hard first. If you can’t take it anymore, I’ll help you. I’m going to sleep.” Shi Yu yawned. He felt that Buggy condensing a nomological spiritual body wasn’t something that could be done overnight. He should sleep first.

This time, Shi Yu had a dream. He dreamed of the Prediction Owl on Blue Planet. He dreamed that it would laugh crazily and shout in relief, “As expected of you, Buggy.” Then, it would complete the upgrade…