Chapter 1394 - Chapter 1394 Produced By The Ginseng Emperor (2)

Chapter 1394 Produced by the Ginseng Emperor (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“From the perspective of the plant association, it looks like I can only symbolically give them some human compensation.”

Upon hearing that, the higher-ups present were silent. Although this wasn’t the best way to deal with it, this was the only way.

“President!” Just as the president of the Plant Association was at a loss, Green Dragon Gani brought Baby Ginseng and the others outside the conference room and called the president from outside.

“Gani? Come here.” The old granny president didn’t understand why Gani wasn’t helping over there and came here. Following her summoning, Gani immediately brought Baby Ginseng and the others in.

“President, I encountered them outside. They said that they can provide a large amount of resources called the ‘Reincarnation Fruit’ that can awaken the power and memories of the previous life.” After Gani entered, he went straight to the point to the president.

Upon hearing that, the higher-ups of the plant association were stunned and suddenly looked at Baby Ginseng and the gem cat.

“Reincarnation Fruit? What did you say?” The old granny president looked at Baby Ginseng.

“It’s the Reincarnation Fruit,” Baby Ginseng said. “If you need it, I can provide it in large quantities, but it’s not easy to create one. It’s not free.”

In the face of many wolf-like and tiger-like gazes, Baby Ginseng suddenly trembled. After saying that, why did it feel that everyone present was looking at it with green eyes?

“You’re saying that you can create resources with this effect?” The old granny president of the plant association looked at Baby Ginseng.

“Do you have anything real? Let me see.”

When Baby Ginseng heard that, it directly took out a Reincarnation Fruit that it had created previously and gave it to the president of the plant association. After obtaining the Reincarnation Fruit, the president of the plant association immediately sensed a special time power from it and was stunned.

It was a time-element fruit resource!

After deeply exploring the powerful essence of the Reincarnation Fruit, President Feng gradually believed it. However, at this moment, she was even more curious about where this time-element plant life form came from.

Apart from in the Blue Wave World, such a guy wouldn’t be able to live long in other worlds.

“Yi! (Helping demigods awaken the power and memories of their previous lives should be easy, but the divine level is a little difficult.)” Baby Ginseng nodded and said.

“Are you sure this thing is effective?” President Feng asked again.

“Of course,” the gem cat girl said firmly. She had recovered the power of her previous life through the Reincarnation Fruit. How could it be fake?

“Gani, there were some orphans with no backgrounds among the geniuses who were forced to reincarnate, right? Bring one here,” President Feng said to Gani.

When Gani heard that, it understood that President Feng wanted to test the effect, so it immediately turned and left.

“President, this is Gourmand Flower, a genius unearthed at the border. It was also forced to reincarnate this time.”

In less than a minute, a young plant-type creature that looked like a tender sprout was brought over by the green dragon. It looked confused and was placed on the conference table. President Feng walked to its side and held the Reincarnation Fruit. “Little guy, come, have a bite.”

Upon hearing that, the young Gourmand Flower took a bite of the Reincarnation Fruit. The higher-ups of the plant association present couldn’t take their eyes off it. A moment later, the young Gourmand Flower was stunned, and white light spread from its body.

Boom!

Under everyone’s gaze, its aura rose unbelievably. Soon, it rose from transcendent to commander rank, monarch rank, and overlord rank…

Multiple law ripples spread on its body. As the white light dissipated, a Gourmand Flower that looked like a flower figure with several huge abyssal mouths on its arms and body appeared.

“Uh…” At this moment, the Gourmand Flower’s expression was chaotic. It made a sound and felt a headache. The Reincarnation Fruit in front of it seemed to have a fatal temptation to it. It ate two to three more bites before recovering slightly.

“Aren’t I… already dead?” It let out a voice with a headache. It opened its eyes and looked around. After seeing President Feng and the others, it had an incredulous expression.

“President Feng? You saved me?”

At this moment, President Feng and the others also sighed slightly. It was actually really so useful. On World King Planet, it wasn’t that there weren’t resources to awaken the power and memories of their previous lives, but they were all extremely expensive and rare, such as the Forgotten Star River Water and the Three Worlds Soil…

And this plant-type ginseng life form in front of them could actually manually create such a resource??

“It’s not us, it’s…” At this moment, President Feng was just about to say something when the Gourmand Flower changed again. The power of the Reincarnation Fruit didn’t seem to have been completely activated, and time light appeared on its body again.

Its aura began to climb to quasi-divine, approaching the divine level.

“Ah…” A huge cry came from the Gourmand Flower, as if its spiritual consciousness had been attacked.

Seeing this, Green Dragon Gani immediately asked, “What’s going on?”

“Don’t worry, it should be that the Reincarnation Fruit awakened the power and memories of its previous life. Not only did this big flower reincarnate this time, but its strongest stage should be at the divine level.” After Baby Ginseng finished speaking, as expected, just as it said, the Gourmand Flower began to evolve again.

Its originally bright red body, that was filled with huge mouths, was gradually dyed with white stripes. Strong spatial fluctuations spread from its body. President Feng and the others directly revealed their incredulous expressions.

“Spatial law…” Green Dragon Gani said, “This guy has mastered spatial law??”

Although the Gourmand Flower was a genius cultivated by the plant association, it had never mastered a powerful divine skill like the spatial law. But now, after eating a Reincarnation Fruit, not only did it return from the form of a reincarnated cub to when it was alive, but it also awakened a spatial law divine skill, immediately making the gazes of the higher-ups of the plant association present turn cold.