Chapter 1396 - Chapter 1396 Produced By The Ginseng Emperor (4)

Chapter 1396 Produced by the Ginseng Emperor (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Why is it so smelly!!” President Feng almost thought that Baby Ginseng and the others had left behind some smelly bomb. She immediately checked the situation of the Gourmand Flower and confirmed that the smell was emitted because of the Cultivation Fruit just now.

However, during the inspection, President Feng also discovered that the plant body of the Gourmand Flower had indeed started to grow automatically at this moment, and its speed was very fast. It had just slept for a few seconds, and it might be comparable to a few days of bitter cultivation. Everything else was fine.

This was partly because of the effect of the Cultivation Fruit, and also because the Gourmand Flower had already activated its original potential through the Reincarnation Fruit and could be considered to have recovered its strength.

“President…” After everyone cleaned up the smell haggardly, a higher-up said, “President, we have to take the Reincarnation Fruit. Even without this, the Reincarnation Fruit is very important to the Blue Wave Plant Association.”

“Resources that contain the power of time and awaken the power and memories of your previous life have always been high-end and very expensive. Now that a low-level substitute has finally appeared, maybe we can open a huge market.”

“Yeah, the other party just asked us to appraise the effect of the Reincarnation Fruit and the Cultivation Fruit. Doesn’t that mean that the other party isn’t a member of other plant associations? This is an opportunity. We have to rope that ginseng emperor into the Blue Wave Plant Association.”

“If it joins other branches, we’ll suffer a huge loss.”

“Do I need you to say this?” President Feng said. “It’s just… easier said than done.”

A green-haired middle-aged man said, “In the first transaction, we can join forces with the families of those geniuses and spend a lot of money to give this ginseng emperor enough benefits. Then, with this, we can invite him to become the honorary vice president of the plant association.”

“It’ll save so many geniuses at once. The factions behind those geniuses should support them wholeheartedly. There’s a reason for assigning the ginseng emperor as vice president. It won’t attract criticism.”

“And after the ginseng emperor becomes the honorary vice president of the Blue Wave Plant Association, as long as we can persuade it and obtain the proxy sales rights of the ‘Reincarnation Fruit’ and even the cultivation method, all the losses can be made up for as time passes.”

“Isn’t it a little rude to give an honorary vice president to a stranger of unknown origin?” Another purple-haired higher-up said. She had been around for so many years before she got to the position of vice president.

“Let me consider it.” After the old granny president closed her eyes tightly, she said, “It’s too difficult to obtain this resource with the funds of the plant association alone, but to let those families cooperate to invest, we have to let them confirm the effect of the Reincarnation Fruit first…”

“We can buy a few Reincarnation Fruits at a high price from that ginseng emperor first and let them experiment…”

As she spoke, the Gourmand Flower that was sealed by everyone beside her suddenly broke through the seal. Its aura reached the quasi-divine level. It actually completed the breakthrough while sleeping and returned to its peak…

Everyone was silent.

President Feng said, “You can also… buy a few of this stinky fruit.”

…

After Baby Ginseng and the gem cat returned, Shi Yu woke up from his sleep and said, “Looks like your gains aren’t bad?”

“Yiya!!!” Baby Ginseng explained the current situation of the plant association to Shi Yu and was very happy.

This money-making speed wasn’t inferior to that of Susu, right!

“I didn’t expect this thing to be so rare on the World King Planet. It can actually be sold for such a high price.” At this moment, the gem cat girl also felt that she had eaten an impressive thing and felt the pinch of needing to share.

“Yi!!” Just as everyone finished chatting, Baby Ginseng received a message. The plant association wanted to buy a small batch of resources first at a very high price. After Shi Yu and Baby Ginseng saw it, they were very tempted.

Shi Yu licked his lips and said, “Make it for them. In the next few days, you should create the Reincarnation Fruit and the Cultivation Fruit first.”

“Yi!!” Baby Ginseng expressed its agreement.

In a few days, the plant association received the first batch of resources they wanted from Baby Ginseng and the gem cat. They called a batch of reincarnated cubs to experiment with their elders.

After eating the Reincarnation Fruit, this batch of young sprouts immediately awakened the power and memories of their previous lives, surprising the faction behind it.

Although the Reincarnation Fruit was expensive, it was much cheaper than resources like the Three World Soil. Apart from that, in addition to the fact that the plant association was willing to pay a portion of the money, even small divine-level families could easily bear it.

“Everyone, this is the resource provided by that ginseng emperor, the Reincarnation Fruit.”

President Feng looked at the recovered geniuses of the plant association and was gratified.

“I… revived?”

“Dad… Mom…”

“Teacher…” After the plant demigods recovered from their reincarnation state, they were also extremely excited.

“President Feng… Who exactly is this ginseng emperor?” The rulers of the families also looked at their children with surging emotions and asked.

Great, this ginseng emperor was simply a huge help.

“Did this senior ginseng emperor save us?” The geniuses who were saved also had grateful expressions.

President Feng nodded and said, “That’s right. Apart from the Reincarnation Fruit, it also prepared a ‘Cultivation Fruit’ for you. It’s a fruit that can efficiently increase strength by combining work and rest. When used with the Reincarnation Fruit, I believe it won’t be long before you can recover to the peak or even break through to the peak.”

“President, I wonder where the Cultivation Fruit is. We’ll buy it too,” a divine-level parent said. They had already seen the effect of the Reincarnation Fruit, so the Cultivation Fruit produced by the ginseng emperor shouldn’t be too bad.

President Feng had a strange expression and said, “Wait a minute.”

Soon, a few Cultivation Fruits were served. The revived geniuses of the plant association only felt that the feeling of being alive was really good. They picked up the Cultivation Fruits one by one, but in a moment, their expressions turned purple and black.

In order to not deceive them, Baby Ginseng specially displayed the smell of the Cultivation Fruit in order to give the buyers mental preparation and let them decide if they wanted to buy it or not. It could be said to be a kind merchant.

This was the gem cat’s suggestion. Business was about integrity. The sold goods should be represented accurately.

Therefore, there was the scene in front of them. After a bunch of geniuses from the plant association obtained the Cultivation Fruit, they almost fainted just by smelling it.

“Ugh…” Retch sounds came from the association one after another. Many geniuses’ faces were pale. They… really had to eat this?

“Eat, there’s no problem. Your elders have already paid to help you buy it. Don’t waste it.” President Feng had already seen very good effects on the Gourmand Flower. Although the value of this Cultivation Fruit was inferior to the Reincarnation Fruit, it wasn’t bad. If it was popularized in the future, it would be very helpful to the strengthening of the plant association.

Under her command, this group of plant geniuses still didn’t make up their minds. They looked like they were about to cry. Why did this thing smell even more disgusting than those divine beast feces fertilizer?

They didn’t want to eat…

If they had to eat this thing, it was better not to recover… They would rather be cubs again.

“Eat…” Beside him, the genius elders also covered their noses and forcefully ordered.

Could President Feng lie to them?

In any case, they weren’t the ones eating fruits. If eating it could really make their descendants stronger, they would also be happy to see it. They couldn’t let other people’s children eat it and their own children not eat it because of the taste, right? Wouldn’t they fall behind a lot… and get swept up?