Chapter 1395 - Chapter 1395 Produced By The Ginseng Emperor (3)

Chapter 1395 Produced by the Ginseng Emperor (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Then, he looked at the honest Baby Ginseng and the eager gem cat beside him in disbelief.

At this moment, the cat was a little excited. It felt like Baby Ginseng’s Reincarnation Fruit seemed to have leveled up a lot more. Then, apart from her previous life as a demigod, could she also inherit the power of her previous life or even her previous, previous life?

Perhaps she was a big boss in the starry sky of the universe in her past, past, past life.

“I…” The Gourmand Flower tried its best to recall something, but unfortunately, it never did. Its strength was also slowly decreasing, returning to the state of the Gourmand Flower, panting.

The level of the fruit Baby Ginseng gave wasn’t high and wasn’t enough to support it. It completely awakened the power and memories of its previous life.

At this moment, President Feng and the others completely believed that the Reincarnation Fruit created by the ginseng in front of them could help those geniuses who were forced to reincarnate recover their strength and memories.

“Sir, who exactly are you…” At this moment, President Feng spoke respectfully. Just this move from Baby Ginseng could already win their respect.

Not only could this Reincarnation Fruit help the Blue Wave Plant Association survive the current difficulties, but it was also a resource with extremely strategic value. It could also make a faction become a very rich money tree.

“Floating Realm, ginseng emperor,” Baby Ginseng said. “Do you believe me this time?”

“I believe you, I believe you,” President Feng said. “Can you really provide a large number of Reincarnation Fruits? What’s the price?”

Baby Ginseng fell into deep thought and said, “How much can you give?”

Ignoring the time cost, after creating the divine-level Reincarnation Fruit with all its might through the Wood Control, the Life Divine Body, and the storage power of the Sun and Moon, it probably needed one-third of the clueless divine-level elemental energy crystal, or one-third of the power of the wood-element divine-level energy crystal, to replenish its physical fitness.

President Feng said, “How about two wood-element divine-level energy crystals?”

Baby Ginseng took a deep breath. How rich!

Although it was already very satisfied, Baby Ginseng still made a difficult expression. The gem cat beside it heaved a sigh of relief when it saw this. Fortunately, Baby Ginseng controlled itself! No one would bid a high price for the first time.

President Feng smiled bitterly and said, “Sir ginseng emperor, to be honest, we really need a large number of Reincarnation Fruits. At least 200. If the price is too high, it will cause problems in the operation of the plant association.”

“And from the looks of it, just one Reincarnation Fruit might not be enough for them to recover all their strength.”

At this moment, the Gourmand Flower had only recovered to the overlord level through the Reincarnation Fruit. It was still a certain distance from the demigod level before reincarnation.

At this moment, the higher-ups of the plant association present knew that the price was too low. There was no way two divine-level energy crystals could buy the Three World Soil and the Forgotten Star River Water. Perhaps the level of the Reincarnation Fruit was inferior to those resources, but in terms of effect, there was almost no difference in this matter.

President Feng was silent. No matter how high it was, it wasn’t impossible. The price she offered was to let the plant association buy it all themselves. If it was any higher, she could only let those genius families pay a portion.

“Why don’t you discuss it again?” the gem cat girl said.

“It still has accompanying resources here,” the gem cat said. “It can also create Cultivation Fruits. It’s a fruit that the user can level up on their own after sleeping without doing anything. When used with the Reincarnation Fruit, it won’t be long before they can return to their peak and even become stronger.”

The higher-ups of the plant association were slightly stunned. Huh?

“It’s a sample,” the gem cat said.

“This is a sample. Making two together consumes too much energy. It can only be supported by a large number of supplements.” Baby Ginseng took out another cultivation fruit and placed it on the table.

Then, there was also a “business card”.

“Our contact information is on this. If you’ve considered it, you can contact us!”

“Then, thank you, everyone… Help me appraise the effects of the ‘Reincarnation Fruit’ and ‘Cultivation Fruit’. I want an Effect Appraisal Certificate.” Baby Ginseng didn’t expect that the president of the plant association could personally help it appraise the effect.

“Let’s go.” The gem cat poked the ginseng emperor and gave them some time to communicate.

“Alright… Alright.” Upon hearing that, President Feng also knew that they indeed needed time to consider many things.

After chatting, Baby Ginseng and the gem cat left. Such a big deal couldn’t be negotiated immediately. They had to give the other party some time. Even if the other party could pay, Baby Ginseng didn’t have that much stock at this moment.

After Baby Ginseng and the gem cat left, the conference room fell silent.

“So… was it that senior ginseng emperor who saved me?” On the table, the Gourmand Flower was blurry.

“You, eat this and take a look. Perhaps it can help you recover more strength.” President Feng threw the cultivation fruit left behind by Baby Ginseng to the Gourmand Flower.

She had already confirmed the current state of the Gourmand Flower. She wanted to see what abilities this cultivation fruit had.

“Alright.” The Gourmand Flower didn’t dare to disobey the president’s command and directly ate the cultivation fruit again. Then, its entire body emitted a mixed stench, making the higher-ups of the plant association almost have a heart attack.

They suddenly covered their noses and saw that the Gourmand Flower had fallen asleep with white eyes.

“President… You guys… harmed me,” Gourmand Flower said.

President Feng: “?”

“This… Ugh.” Green Dragon Gani was shocked.