Chapter 1393 - Chapter 1393 Produced By The Ginseng Emperor (1)

Chapter 1393 Produced By the Ginseng Emperor (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Under the “delivery” of a pile of highly skilled plant gods, the life divine seed that had been infected by various powers turned into young plants waiting to be fed again.

They had lost the power of their previous lives and the memories of their previous lives. They could only start growing again in their young bodies. However, for these young plants, it was already the best outcome. If not for this, they might have disappeared forever, leaving no traces.

“Daughter…” The plant queen, who had the figure of a beautiful adult woman, had green leaf wings, and her arms were wrapped in thorn vines. Her rose-like hair covered her eyes and nose. When she saw her daughter become a green onion with eyes, she cried silently.

This was the young form of their race… Could it be that they were going to start raising children again?

Only by taking care of a child would one know the pain.

“Unfortunately, Madam Manka, it couldn’t recover its memories. It’s already doing its best to preserve its Race Talent,” a Green Dragon said.

Gani, a divine-level member of the Blue Wave Green Dragon Race and a higher-up of the Plant Association, became a medical member of the Plant Association’s training accident because he had mastered the laws of life and wood.

“I understand.” The plant queen nodded silently. She was already mentally prepared.

Green Dragon Gani shook his head. There were still some Reincarnation Seeds to be saved in the nutritional room. Now wasn’t the time to rest.

However, just as it was about to return to the work area, telepathy sounded in its heart from afar.

“Dad, I’m Gorka. Someone wants to meet you and the president of the plant association.”

“?” When Green Dragon Gani heard this voice, it looked into the distance. What was this brat doing again?

“The other party said that it can help the plant lives that are forced to reincarnate quickly recover the power and memories of their previous lives.”

“What?” Green Dragon Gani directly flew away from the spot and searched for its son’s location through telepathy. Soon, it flew outside the plant association and landed in front of Baby Ginseng and the others.

Its gaze swept past Sen Nian and Gorka and looked at the gem cat girl and Baby Ginseng. “Gorka, what’s going on? If you’re lying, I’ll break your wings!”

The green dragon, Gorka, said with a bitter expression, “What has it got to do with me? I’m just passing the message in place of them.”

Baby Ginseng looked at the stronger green dragon flying over and took a deep breath. Good lord, they also had people in the plant association? As expected, it was the same everywhere. All industries were infiltrated by powerful families.

“Who are you?” Gani asked Baby Ginseng and the gem cat.

Sen Nian said, “Godfather, they claim to have mastered an ability called the ‘Reincarnation Fruit’ that can awaken the power and memories of their previous life.”

“Are you sure?” Green Dragon Gani asked solemnly. There was such an ability? At least, the various races in the current Blue Wave World didn’t have such a method.

Perhaps the World King could rely on the power of a super divine to help the plant-element demigod who had just reincarnated awaken the power and memories of its previous life, but the World King was far on the battlefield. It was impossible for it to return for such a small matter…

For a world overlord, it was a small matter, but for the plant association, it was a major accident. If it wasn’t handled well, the loss would be small, but the good impression of the family that was deeply cooperating with the plant association would be big.

Therefore, at the moment, the president of the plant association had already gone to seek help and planned to find a way to find other realms. However, before he could find a way to find the plant association, someone actually said that he could solve it himself and took the initiative to come knocking on his door.

“Yes.” Baby Ginseng pressed its doctorate hat. Of course.

“What exactly are your origins, and what are your intentions? Do you know the price of lying?” Green Dragon Gani said.

“It’s just that we happen to have the resources you need and want to help others. Of course, we won’t pay without reason. Just give us a reward,” the gem cat girl said.

Money!! Money!! Money!!

Only when Shi Yu was rich could she eat.

“Yi! (We’re from the Floating Realm!)” Baby Ginseng said.

Green Dragon Gani’s expression changed. Why was the Floating Realm so familiar?

“Godfather, they said they were friends of the Iron-eating Beast Race’s Eleven, who defeated Gorka…” Sen Nian explained.

“Tsk,” the Green Dragon Gani said. It knew it. Why was it so familiar? It turned out that it was also from the Floating Realm, like the Iron-eating Beast, whom Old Sen mentioned. What was wrong with this Floating Realm? Its presence had been so strong recently.

“If what you say is true, it’s a big help. Follow me, I’ll bring you to see the president,” it said.

Baby Ginseng and the gem cat looked at each other. It worked!

…

At this moment, in a conference room of the plant association, a human with the appearance of an old granny had a worried expression.

Around her, two vice presidents of the plant association, who had already sent their pets to work, were discussing countermeasures with her.

“President Feng, how is it?”

“In the current situation, two resources have been found to solve it,” the old granny president said. “One is the Level-11 resource, Three World Soil, and the other is the Level-11 resource, Forgotten Star River Water.”

“Both resources are extremely expensive. There are 212 plant-type demigods who were forced to reincarnate this time. The plant association can’t afford to bear the loss this time.”

It was so expensive that it was even more expensive than pulling their reincarnations to demigod level again.

“Moreover, these resources are extremely rare. Even if we connect and provide us with a purchase channel, it’s impossible to collect so many in a short period of time.” The old granny president shook her head.