Chapter 1397 - Chapter 1397 The Universe Overlord Army Is Here (1)

Chapter 1397 The Universe Overlord Army is Here (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

A few days later.

It was time for Shi Yu and Lin Feng to head to the Heavenly Spirit Domain to participate in the Four Saints Meeting.

During this period, Shi Yu and his pets worked overtime and lived very happily.

The transaction between Baby Ginseng and the Plant Association was also carried out in an orderly manner.

Although Baby Ginseng had yet to create enough Reincarnation and Cultivation Fruits needed by the plant association due to time problems, Shi Yu and the others had already earned a lot because of this.

Soon, his assets returned to their peak, more than the resources given by a one-star will and the master of a domain.

Moreover, during this period of time, the effects of the Reincarnation Fruit and the Cultivation Fruit had also spread in the Blue Wave World.

Everyone knew that the accident that caused many plant-element geniuses to be forced to reincarnate had already been saved by the Reincarnation Fruit created by a plant-element big boss called the ginseng emperor.

At the same time, an automatic cultivation resource called the Cultivation Fruit also became popular in the Blue Wave World.

If the Cultivation Fruit only had the effect of efficient cultivation, it might not necessarily be as popular as it was now. It suddenly exploded in popularity because it was a stinky gimmick.

Those geniuses who had eaten the Cultivation Fruit couldn’t accept it. They only ate such disgusting food themselves, so they recommended it to their relatives and friends. This caused the number of Cultivation Fruits made by the plant association to increase…

This made Shi Yu realize that Teacher Cat indeed had a business mind. At some point, as long as the quality was passable, certain strange attributes could often be used as top-notch marketing methods. It was far easier to spread than normal stats.

“Are you really not going?” Before Shi Yu walked to the Heavenly Spirit Domain, he finally asked the gem cat girl, who was lying lazily on the sofa.

“No.” The gem cat opened the fridge with its psychic power and took out a bottle of fresh milk.

“Then don’t say that we didn’t bring you out to play in the end.” Shi Yu remembered that when she was on Blue Planet, she was unhappy for a long time because he didn’t bring her along on a few trips.

“How could that be?” The gem cat girl yawned. What was so fun about the Four Saints Meeting? Now that she had the Cultivation Fruit, although it was a little unpalatable, she only wanted to cultivate here.

Moreover, she hadn’t even finished exploring the interesting places of the Floating Realm and the Blue Wave Realm. She wasn’t very interested in going to the Heavenly Spirit Realm.

“Then we’ll leave.” Shi Yu shrugged. So be it. Shi Yu packed his luggage and called his pets.

The Four Saints Meeting would last for a month. Shi Yu and the others wouldn’t return in the short term, and other things had been arranged.

The transaction between Baby Ginseng and the plant association would be suspended for a period of time. Susu’s cleansing quests had always exceeded the standard. It had long completed the mission number of a three-star purifier for decades. As for Ling’s research paper, it had already been written and recently uploaded to the headquarters of the Disaster Research Institute.

“Senior Lin Feng, I’m leaving…” After finishing his work, Shi Yu contacted Senior Lin Feng and planned to leave.

…

First-level domain, Heavenly Spirit Domain, Four Holy Ancient City.

Shi Yu and the others circled around and finally arrived. In an ancient city, under a huge Green Dragon Fountain, Shi Yu directly said,

“Senior Lin Feng, this place is so remote. I searched for a long time before I found it.”

Lin Feng smiled and said, “Haha, indeed. Such a big ruin is actually not in the main city.”

“Let’s go first. I’ve already helped you find a place to stay. The event won’t begin in two days. During this period, you can walk around first. There will be some shops or auctions selling faith items in the ancient city. You can participate yourself.”

“Uh, Senior Lin Feng, what about you?” Shi Yu still wanted to walk around with Lin Feng. When the time came, he would lack money. This senior couldn’t “stand by and do nothing”, right?

“I’ve arranged with Xiao Bai to meet an old friend, so I won’t be with you. But if you have anything, you can look for me,” Lin Feng said.

Shi Yu: “?”

Xiao Bai… Shi Yu knew that Senior Lin Feng had cultivated a white tiger on Blue Planet. To be precise, it was a white tiger mother. It wasn’t a white tiger mother like when a white tiger fused with a human Beast Tamer, but a white tiger mother evolving into a human form.

Its name was Xiao Bai.

It was precisely because of this relationship that Senior Lin Feng obtained the initial qualifications to participate in the Four Saints Meeting.

However, to Shi Yu’s surprise, the other party had really called him over casually and not because he wanted to personally guide him.

“I miscalculated…” Shi Yu looked like he had miscalculated. Yes, guiding juniors wasn’t as fun as going to a gathering with the white tiger mother.

It was already very kind of Senior Lin Feng to bring him here…

“You’re already so old. Don’t tell me you still want me to take care of you by your side,” Lin Feng said.

“No, Senior Lin Feng, just go do your own thing.” The corners of Shi Yu’s mouth twitched.

“Then I’m relieved.” Lin Feng smiled and said, “Buy more faith items to prepare for the God Sealing Battle. Then, you can also participate in the battle of the Four Saint Ruins.”

“You don’t have to worry too much. This is according to level. Overlords compete with overlords, demigods compete with demigods, and true gods compete with true gods. Your Green Dragon has that skill. Coupled with enough faith power, it’s almost invincible at the demigod level…”

“Well… Let me see when the time comes,” Shi Yu said.

As the two of them chatted, the sky suddenly seemed to darken.

A huge super cosmic battleship descended from the starry sky with a spatial ripple.