Chapter 1399 - Chapter 1399 The Universe Overlord Army Is Here (3)

Chapter 1399 The Universe Overlord Army is Here (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Alright.” Shi Yu nodded.

Then, Lin Feng brought Shi Yu to an ancient residence with the Green Dragon and the White Tiger on the left in front of the door. Then, he directly slipped away, leaving Shi Yu in deep thought.

Senior Lin Feng really didn’t want to stay with him for another minute.

He was such a genius and outstanding. Shouldn’t he be liked by the seniors?

“Senior Lin Feng is indeed unreliable. No wonder Senior Divine Source doesn’t like him,” Shi Yu muttered.

Ling: “It’s already very good that Senior Lin Feng can give you a chance to participate in the Four Saints Meeting…”

“Cough, cough, I know.”

“Forget about him. Let’s hurry up and buy the evolution resources of Little Quas, Turtle, and Shorty,” Ling said.

“Alright, alright.” Shi Yu shrugged.

He would go buy evolution resources for Little Quas, Turtle, and Shorty.

At the moment, the cultivation of Little Quas, Turtle, and Shorty had already reached the extreme of the monarch level.

Even the overlord’s will had already been obtained under the training of points. It could be considered to have the initial foundation of evolution.

When Buggy evolved into the Green Dragon, it only had one more Green Dragon Domain than them.

Shi Yu originally wanted to let them complete the evolution of the Black Tortoise and the White Tiger before coming here.

However, after asking around a little, he discovered that there would be many accompanying evolution resources in the Four Saints Meeting that were specially targeted at the Four Holy Beasts.

In that case, Shi Yu gave up on the thought of blindly letting them evolve. He planned to come here to purchase some before helping them evolve.

…

In the ancient residence Lin Feng had found, Shi Yu yawned and summoned all his pets except Qi, Baby Ginseng, and Susu.

Qi appeared because it wasn’t suitable to appear. If it was captured by the universe overlord army, who could Shi Yu reason with?

As for Baby Ginseng and Susu, they still had to work to support their entire family, so they stayed obediently in the Beast Taming Space.

“You guys walk around.”

“Ling, you’re in charge of buying the evolution resources of Little Quas, Turtle, and Duckie. Prepare the evolution plan.”

“Yes, Master,” Ling said. “What about you?”

“Rest?”

“Of course.” Shi Yu chuckled and said, “I’m so tired from teleportation in several realms. I’m going to lie down for a while. Just call me if you need anything. In any case, the Four Holy Ancient City isn’t very big. My telepathy can cover the entire range.”

“This is basically equivalent to going with you.”

“Alright.” Ling nodded helplessly and looked at Little Quas, Turtle, and Shorty. “The three of you, come with me to buy evolution resources.”

“Buggy, Chi Tong, you guys come too.”

“I also have to find epoch faith items to learn ‘Faith Overdraft’ for Buggy and prepare some faith items for Chi Tong to use in battle.”

“Alright~” Buggy and Chi Tong expressed their understanding. They liked shopping.

“Wuu.” Eleven felt that it had nothing to do. It looked at Shi Yu and asked if he needed a health massage.

“What’s that?” Shi Yu asked.

“Wu wu wu.” Eleven raised its arms, and eight Armored Bean Bears appeared behind it.

It had just developed a way to nourish a fixed target through the eight trigrams clone massage.

“Emmm…” Shi Yu fell into deep thought.

Taiji and gossip… did seem to have the ability to nourish one’s health?

“Uh, let’s give it a try,” Shi Yu said.

“Quack!!” “Roar!!”

“Mi~”

Duckie, Little Ji, and Little Zi thought for a moment and didn’t join in the fun. They also chose to stay and planned to accompany Qi to play in the Beast Taming Space.

At this point, the allocation of the team’s quests was completed. Ling and the others brought all their assets and ran to buy faith items and evolution resources. Eleven massaged the Beast Tamer at home, and Baby Ginseng and Susu continued to earn money. As for Qi, Little Ji, Duckie, and Little Zi, they played mahjong in the Beast Taming Space.

“Let’s go.” The sword spirit Chi Tong turned into the form of the big sister in black, the Death Sword Maiden. The Vermillion Bird clone landed on its shoulder, and the excited Turtle, Little Quas, and Shorty followed behind.

Buggy maintained the form of a Green Silkworm and mixed in with the second team. As for Ling, it maintained the form of a “battleship figurine” and a “mini battleship” and floated beside them like a toy.

A team of people started to go out to shop, leaving nine pandas behind to massage Shi Yu, who was lying down.

“Ah, ah, be gentle…” A moment later, Shi Yu let out a painful wail. Fire, water, lightning, and various powers surged towards his body, making Shi Yu curse.

Was this a health massage? This was obviously training his body!

…

On the other side of the Four Holy Ancient City, after the battleship of the cosmic overlord army landed, the stairs that connected the battleship to the ground also descended.

A team of 20 humanoid cosmic life forms made of divine levels with different forms and wearing white standard battle suits immediately walked out of two rows and stood to welcome the big shots behind.

A moment later, a purple-haired girl in the same battle suit with a purple pattern slowly walked down from the cosmic battleship under the protection of the two top-notch gods.

At this moment, a large number of cosmic life forms from various realms and planets were gathered around. There were overlords, demigods, and divine-levels. There was a sea of people, but when they encountered the descent of the cosmic overlord army, no matter where they came from, even the descendants of super divines dodged the guys who came out of the battleship like they were dodging the plague.

In the universe, the cosmic overlord army was the endorsement of hooligans. No one dared to provoke it.

“Lord Zijian, it’s not time for the Four Saint Ruins to open yet. Where are we going next?” The two top-notch gods asked the girl respectfully.