Chapter 1391 - 1391 Dragon And Butterfly (2)

1391 Dragon and Butterfly (2)

Among the three brothers, Eleven seemed to have relied on its racial potential to obtain the support of some new star racial plan from the Myriad Race Committee. It felt that it was nowhere near as powerful as Susu and Ling…

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

In that case, it would rely on it to make a comeback!

The gem cat and Baby Ginseng stepped forward.

However, after a while, they came out with stunned expressions.

Today, the plant association suspended all business for special reasons.

“Yi??” Their plan had failed before they even executed it?

The gem cat and Baby Ginseng asked when they would start the business again, but they couldn’t say for sure.

“To think I’m dressed so beautifully today.” The resentment came from the gem cat and Baby Ginseng.

Both parties came out of the plant association angrily. Right on the heels of that, Baby Ginseng was stunned and saw a familiar face nearby.

“Yi!” Baby Ginseng and the gem cat girl greeted them and ran to someone they knew.

It was a young man in a dark green trench coat and a green dragon. Both parties seemed to have just come out of the plant association.

“Yi!! Yi!!” Baby Ginseng ran to their side.

“Sen Nian, Gorka!”

Sen Nian and Gorka turned around and looked at the strangely dressed Baby Ginseng…

In the Blue Wave World, there were as many plant races as hairs on a cow, so apart from dressing a little strangely, Baby Ginseng didn’t attract any additional attention.

In addition, the Blue Wave Domain had special laws that took very good care of the plant lives of various races, especially the plant lives of supplement races.

No race was allowed to illegally harm the supplement plant race that nurtured life. Otherwise, it would be against the law and would be punished. The other realms might not necessarily have this law, but in the Blue Wave World, this was the highest command. There was no other reason. After all, the World Lord of the Blue Wave World was a plant life form at the super divine level. It was normal for it to favor plants.

This was also the reason why Baby Ginseng dared to swagger out. Of course, the most important reason was that, with its current control ability combined with Shi Yu’s physical control talent, it could keep itself very low-profile. It couldn’t be seen at all that it was a super support supplement with countless quasi-divine skills.

Moreover, Baby Ginseng had also prepared a copy of the spatial divine stone given by the Space Emperor. It was foolproof.

“You are…” Sen Nian asked.

“I’m the towering ginseng emperor,” Baby Ginseng said. “I heard Eleven mention you guys. I’m its good friend. You guys are Eleven’s friends, so we’re also friends.”

Sen Nian and the Green Dragon: “?”

Towering ginseng emperor? What kind of strange name was this? Judging from the style, it didn’t seem to be from this realm, right?

But wait a minute… Eleven’s friend?

Sen Nian and the green dragon widened their eyes. They had heard from Director Sen that Eleven had successfully fought above its level and had already become the focus of the Myriad Races Committee headquarters.

Eleven would definitely have a seat in the top 50 of the God Sealing Battle. In the entire Blue Wave World, it was the strongest genius.

Facing such a genius, Sen Nian and the Green Dragon also understood why Eleven and Buggy didn’t want to make friends with them previously. They weren’t worthy.

However, at this moment, in the face of Baby Ginseng’s words, Sen Nian and the green dragon were stunned. Could it be that Eleven had already regarded them as friends behind their backs?

Wu wu wu… Eleven had them in its heart… Bullsh*t!

Sen Nian and the green dragon’s faces darkened. They felt that the Iron-eating Beast must have used the battle results of defeating them to talk nonsense. It definitely wasn’t introducing them like introducing friends.

However, one shouldn’t hit a smiling person. Facing Baby Ginseng, Gorka still asked in a friendly manner, “So you’re Eleven’s friend. What’s the matter?”

“Do you know what happened to the plant association and why all business was suspended?” Baby Ginseng asked.

The green dragon said, “You don’t know?”

Baby Ginseng shook its head.

Sen Nian read, “The Blue Wave Plant Association organized a group of plant-element geniuses to train in the Demon Region. In the end, there was sudden danger. An ancient, super divine ruin suddenly descended. Although the final ruin was cracked, the process caused these geniuses, who had yet to reach the divine level, to suffer heavy casualties. Even those who were lucky enough to survive were saved by emergency reincarnation and became near-death seeds again.”

“Now, the higher-ups of the plant association should be thinking of a way to save them. However, even if they save them, they will probably have to start from scratch. Moreover, they might not necessarily be able to recover the memories of their previous lives. For the new generation of the Blue Wave World, it can be said to be a huge blow. After all, these guys are the hearts of those large families.”

He shrugged, feeling really unlucky. Thinking about it carefully, it was safer to fight in the ranking battle of all races…

“Yi…” Baby Ginseng was also stunned. It was so miserable.

“Perhaps they need a large number of Reincarnation Fruits. This might be able to reduce their losses to the minimum.” At this moment, the gem cat girl slowly walked over.

The gem cat looked happy. Hey, what did she hear?

Wasn’t this a business opportunity!

Seeing the gem cat girl, Sen Nian was stunned and his heart raced. Wait, who was this beautiful cat girl?

“You are??”

“I’m its teacher,” the gem cat placed its hand on Dr. Baby Ginseng’s hat and said.

Baby Ginseng: Wu wu wu, sort of.

After Baby Ginseng heard the gem cat’s words, it seemed to have been reminded of something. Yes, the genius plants of the Plant Association were forced to transform into seeds. From scratch, the faction that cultivated them would definitely be extremely heartbroken. At this moment, would the Reincarnation Fruit that could awaken the memories and strength of its previous life be popular?

The Cultivation Fruit could also play an important role in this process, even after this process, helping them increase their strength.