Chapter 1400 - Chapter 1400 The Universe Overlord Army Is Here (4)

Chapter 1400 The Universe Overlord Army is Here (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Let’s take a look around first.” The purple-haired girl, who looked to be no more than fifteen or sixteen years old, looked around and said, “Before entering the ruins, I want to familiarize myself with the environment.”

“Yes.” The two top-notch divine subordinates nodded and listened to the girl.

They had thin, red humanoid bodies and long antennae. Everyone present recognized their race.

“Darekians” were one of the lackey races of the cosmic overlords, with incredibly formidable combat prowess.

Then, they directly entered the Four Holy Ancient City. After they left, the surrounding people panted and communicated softly.

“What’s wrong with that human girl? Is she some big shot? She can actually let a top-notch god be her sidekick. Unbelievable.”

“Look at her clothes. It’s a purple pattern. Of course she’s a big shot.”

From the battlesuit of the cosmic overlord army, one could see the level of each member inside. According to red, orange, yellow, green, blue, and purple, red was the lowest, and purple was the highest. Generally speaking, the purple-striped battle suit basically represented… super divine level!

Even the two aliens who revealed their top-notch divine aura were only wearing green battle suits. Who was that girl? It immediately triggered a serious discussion among everyone present.

Obviously, that girl didn’t match any super divine-level big boss that many people knew. Then, there was only one possibility. She didn’t obtain an extremely high status in the universe overlord army through battle, but through other fields, she made her value comparable to a super divine level in the universe overlord army.

“I’ve heard of it.” In the crowd, an old man in the form of a Green Dragonman pondered and said, “That girl should have come to World King Planet in the past two years. She’s one of the top archeologists in the cosmic overlord army. 200 years ago, she explored various era ruins for the cosmic overlords outside the Cosmic Sea. She’s very active and has the results of cracking many era’s ruins…”

“I heard that her arrival made the World King Planet archeological association extremely serious and nervous. I didn’t expect that her first stop when she came to the World King Planet was to come to the Four Holy Ruins…”

“What?” Upon hearing the Green Dragonman elder’s words, the surrounding people were slightly shocked. He had such a powerful background?

“The archeologists of the cosmic overlord army stationed on World King Planet have been suppressed by the World King Planet’s archeological association for many years in cracking the ruins. Looks like they invited a great god over this time…” Someone analyzed.

“In that case, big shots will also come to the World King Planet archeological association to restrict the archeologists of this cosmic overlord army, right?”

“It’s hard to say, it’s hard to say… The Four Saint Ruins can’t be cracked just because we want to, nor can we stop others from cracking it with restrictions. The information we understand about this ruin isn’t enough at all.”

Zi Jian, a human, 207 years old, a top-notch archeologist of the universe overlord army. She had the battle record of cracking four era ruins and obtained a source of transcendence, adding a new super divine general to the universe overlord army.

She had an extremely high status in the cosmic overlord army.

It could be said that her archeological talent was already at the top of the starry sky. However, the moment Zi Jian stepped into the Four Holy Ancient City, a surprised expression appeared on her beautiful face, and her footsteps subconsciously stopped.

“What’s wrong, Lord Zijian?” asked the surrounding guards when they saw this.

“It’s nothing. I just didn’t expect that there was an expert in this city who was quite powerful. No wonder your people encountered obstacles everywhere on World King Planet and couldn’t even take a few era ruins,” Zi Jian said.

“This…” The two top-notch divine star people were speechless.

“Then will there be any accidents when cracking the Four Saints Ruins this time… Do we need to do anything?”

Zi Jian shook her head and said, “No need. To you, he’s an expert, but in my opinion, he’s just a newbie who has just entered the sect. Don’t worry about him. Let’s go.”

At the same time.

Shi Yu, whose eyes were half-closed as he enjoyed the massage, suddenly opened his eyes. He suddenly felt a little uneasy. He felt that the ruins detection function in the Passage of Time skill taught by Emperor Shi seemed to be suppressed, making it difficult for him to breathe.

“What’s going on?” Shi Yu looked outside solemnly. The nine pandas also stopped the massage in their hands and watched eagerly.

“Damn, there’s a monster,” Shi Yu said. “My ruins detection ability is blocked.”

“Wu wu wu.” Eleven was surprised. Wasn’t that taught by Senior Emperor Shi? Senior Emperor Shi was so weak!

Shi Yu looked at Eleven. Very good, he actually didn’t say that his Beast Tamer was very lousy. This kid was worth teaching.