Chapter 23

After about an hour, the four of them arrived at White Stream Village.

After alighting at the bus stop for the village, they were quickly received by the village committee staff.

Although the four of them weren’t professional Beast Tamers, as long as they could come and get rid of the Earth Mice, White Stream Village would warmly welcome them.

As time was tight, the four of them didn’t stand on ceremony. After arriving at their destination, they headed straight for the Catastrophe Area, which was mainly farmland and woods.

Outside the endless farmland and woods, Shi Yu and the others were momentarily speechless.

Where should they start?

In fact, some unintelligent and weaker Earth Rats had already been killed by the dogs and cats reared by the farmers under their direction.

Therefore, they only had to get rid of some relatively high-level and relatively cunning Earth-Element Rats.

These Earth Rats had strange movements, were good at concealment, and had strong battle power. They were very difficult to eliminate.

“Let’s summon our pets first,” Shi Yu suggested.

Eleven’s super vision was the only way to lock onto an Earth Rat in such a complicated environment.

“Okay.”

As Shi Yu finished speaking, the four of them communicated with the Beast Taming Space and summoned their pets.

An Iron-Eating Beast appeared in front of Shi Yu and Zhuang Yue; his Ice-Armored Beast appeared in front of Chen Kai, and a thorny snake appeared in front of Yu Jingjing.

Just as she finished summoning her pet, Zhuang Yue’s gaze was attracted by Eleven.

Yesterday, she had only observed it from a distance and had not discovered anything. But today, when she looked at it up close, she realized that Shi Yu’s Iron-Eating Beast had developed perfectly. Be it the color of its hair or its body shape, it appeared very healthy.

“Excuse me, your Iron-Eating Beast was also obtained from the Iron Bamboo Breeding Base?”

Shi Yu nodded.

All the Iron-Eating Beasts in the entire Icefield City were probably bred by the Iron Bamboo Breeding Base… including Zhuang Yue’s.

However, Zhuang Yue’s Iron-Eating Beast was clearly larger than Shi Yu’s. It was slightly older, so the two Iron-Eating Beasts shouldn’t be from the same batch.

As they weren’t the same batch of cubs, the two Iron-Eating Beasts didn’t seem to recognize each other. Eleven took a look at the other party and quickly looked away.

On the other hand, Chen Kai’s Ice-Armored Beast looked at Eleven fearfully the whole time. Its body was about to melt.

“Wait, wait.” Zhuang Yue suddenly thought of something. “Could it be…? Are you an apprentice from Bamboo Stone Dojo?”

This seemed to be the only explanation for how powerful Shi Yu was.

“No…” Shi Yu shook his head.

Bamboo Stone Dojo and Iron Bamboo Breeding Base were one.

The owner of the dojo and the owner of the farm were the same person.

The Iron Bamboo Breeding Base was the place Iron Eaters were bred and raised, and the Bamboo Stone Dojo was the place specially designed to nurture Beast Tamers who signed contracts with Iron-Eating Beasts.

The current owner of the Bamboo Stone Dojo was a master-rank beast trainer who cultivated iron-eating beasts.

Apart from mastering hardening abilities, his Iron-Eating Beast had also mastered the power of lightning and fire. It had required very special cultivation methods.

It could be said that in Icefield City, the Beast Tamers would definitely say that the Beast Tamers of Bamboo Stone Dojo were the ones who knew the most about cultivating Iron-Eating Beasts.

It was normal for Zhuang Yue to suspect that Shi Yu was an apprentice of the Bamboo Stone Dojo. Even if Shi Yu said that he was a personal disciple of the Bamboo Stone Dojo, she would probably believe him.

However, although Shi Yu and Bamboo Stone Dojo weren’t related now, he would go and seek guidance sooner or later… Well, or maybe they could learn from each other.

“You aren’t? I thought you were definitely a personal disciple of Bamboo Stone Dojo…” Zhuang Yue laughed.

“Currently, the most powerful Beast Tamer in Ping Cheng is Hall Master Lin, right?” Chen Kai said.

From apprentice to professional to master, these ranks were further divided into primary-level, intermediate-level, and advanced-level. The Bamboo Stone Dojo’s Hall Master Lin that Chen Kai mentioned was a master-rank Beast Tamer.

His strength was ranked among the top, even in the entire Icefield City.

“I don’t know if Hall Master Lin is the most impressive, but his daughter seems to be the youngest professional Beast Tamer in Ping Cheng District?” Yu Jingjing said.

“I think she passed the vocation assessment when she was eighteen years old. Later on, I heard that she entered one of the nine major schools to study. She should have graduated now… I wonder what level she has reached.”

“Your news is outdated. That Lin Xiuzhu later chose the Feeding specialization. Now that she has returned to Ping Cheng, she was the one who helped me choose my Iron-Eating Beast,” Zhuang Yue said. “Sister Xiuzhu said that she studied this specialization to see if there was any possibility of the Iron-Eating Beast evolving again. I wonder if she succeeded…”

“But I think it’s still too difficult… Master Lin has cultivated iron-eating beasts his whole life, but he hasn’t been able to find any possibility of them evolving again. I guess this is the limit for the iron-eating beast.”

“Besides, even if we find out, it has nothing to do with us…”

The Iron-Eating Beast in front of Zhuang Yue had dozed off. It was extremely Buddhist and aloof from worldly affairs.

“Stop chatting… I found the Earth Mice,” said Shi Yu.

While the few of them were chatting, Eleven, who used his super vision, had already locked onto an Earth Rat.

Shi Yu didn’t care whether it could evolve at all. It was fine for now.

After being reminded by Eleven, Shi Yu followed its gaze.

In a corner of the farmland, a huge rat about thirty centimeters long with no hair and a body made of stone was secretly picking red fruits.

“Over there.” Shi Yu pointed over, and the other three also looked over.

“Based on its size, it’s probably level four. Besides, it’s alone and doesn’t pose much of a threat. The difficult part is how to eliminate it before it reacts and flees!” Chen Kai said.

“The books say that Earth Mice are very vigilant. Compared to sound and light, they are more sensitive to temperature. When the Iron-Eating Beast and Ice-Armored Beast get close to it, their body temperature will affect them, so they might notice…” Yu Jingjing said. “I’ll let the Thorny Monster disguise as a plant and approach it first. Let’s see if I can get my pet to wrap around it directly.

“But I wonder if the thorns of the Thorny Monster can affect its earth shell body. When the time comes, you guys follow up.”

The other three agreed to this strategy. Under Yu Jingjing’s orders, her Thorny Monster started to disguise itself as a plant and slowly crawled on the ground.

The Thorny Monster was indeed very similar to a plant. After all, it was a plant life form. The Earth Mouse didn’t sense it at all. After all, in its eyes, this kind of plant was just food.

High-level hunters often appeared in the form of prey…

At the same time, Eleven and the Ice-Armored Beast also started to prepare for the hunt.

Only Zhuang Yue’s Iron-Eating Beast was still at a loss… It widened its eyes under its dark circles and looked over with all its might.

Where, where, where was the Earth Mouse? Why couldn’t it see it?!

Ordinary Iron-Eating Beasts were like this. After all, the protective colors of the Earth-Element Mouse were too good.

Soon, the Thorny Monster arrived near the Earth Mouse. It extended a branch covered in spikes and locked onto the Earth Mouse!

Swoosh!!!

The Thorny Monster let out a fatal entanglement, but none of the Earth Mouse, which could grow to level four in such an environment, was easy to deal with. At the critical moment, the Earth Mouse sensed danger and was so scared that it threw down the red fruit and ran…

Whoosh!

It turned and ran; its speed was very fast as it successfully dodged the attack.

Usually, when Earth Mice came out to look for food, they would dig holes in advance to escape. They wouldn’t escape on the spot.

As for Earth Escape, its speed was actually not very fast, so slow that it would have been very easy to be caught. It was better to use an emergency route.

After loosing the first attack, the Thorny Monster no longer hid. More branches grew out of its body and flew towards the Earth Mouse, restricting its movement and speed.

At the same time, Eleven and the Ice-Armored Beast had already released their full strength.

“Think you can run?!” Chen Kai shouted. The Ice-Armored Beast was also good at digging holes. If it was given time, it could even penetrate an iceberg.

Even if the Earth Mouse escaped underground, it wouldn’t be impossible to catch it.

Of course, the best situation was to kill the Earth Rat before it approached the hole.

However… the Ice-Armored Beast was still a step slower.

The Earth Rat successfully arrived at the entrance of the cave.

Just as the Earth Rat was overjoyed and wanted to enter, Eleven, who was much faster than the Ice-Armored Beast, descended.

In the previous battle, Eleven had instantly defeated the Ice-Armored Beast without moving, but this didn’t mean that its explosive speed was inferior to that of the Ice-Armored Beast…

Boom!

From running, Eleven quickly overtook the Ice-Armored Beast and caught up to the Earth Rat. It leaped up and hit the hole the Earth Rat was about to enter with its hard palm.

Like a huge piece of steel falling from the sky, a huge impact was accompanied by dust and mist. A huge pit was directly smashed out of the ground by Eleven.

With its super vision and explosive power, it felt much more agile than yesterday. It discovered the hole a step ahead of the Thorny Monster and Ice-Armored Beast. Eleven showed a proud expression.

The Earth Rat was stunned on the spot.

What about its home?

“Aaaaaaaaaah..!” After that, the rat was captured with an entanglement.

But right now, everyone’s focus was on the huge pit beside Eleven.

What kind of power was this…? Why did it feel like it had fallen from the sky?

The other three people’s scalps went numb. They looked at the Iron-Eating Beast cub, which was like a little fatty, and felt that with it around, they could directly go and find trouble with the group of Earth Rats?