Chapter 26

After the few of them rested, which wasn’t for too long now that they’d been infected by Eleven, they decided to continue capturing Earth Rats as training.

For the sake of their future, they could only let the Earth Rats suffer.

However, before they could start, the loudspeaker of White Stream Village’s Village Committee suddenly sounded.

The broadcast was loud, and Shi Yu and the others, who were far away from the center of the village, heard it clearly.

At that moment, when they heard the contents of the broadcast, the expressions of Shi Yu and the others changed.

“Attention all villagers, attention all villagers! The city has issued a yellow warning alarm for a Beast Tide. I repeat, the city has issued a yellow warning alarm for the beast tide.

“There’s already a certain scale of ferocious beasts gathering inside the city wall, and the scale is showing signs of increasing.

“Please make the corresponding preparations according to the defense guidelines…”

“What the f*ck!” Surrounded by the voices of the others, Chen Kai couldn’t help but vent his emotions. Zhuang Yue and Yu Jingjing also clearly looked confused and nervous.

Beast Tide?

The few of them weren’t unfamiliar with the term.

Ten years ago, Ping Cheng District was rebuilt precisely because it had encountered a Beast Tide.

At that time, although everyone was still young, it was impossible for them to not know about such things.

The Beast Tide came again???

“Not good.”

While the four of them were stunned, the middle-aged farmer patrolling the farm came to their side.

“Children, today’s situation is special. Why don’t you go back first?”

“Uncle, what about the broadcast just now?” Shi Yu asked.

“I’m not sure either, but the animals on the snow mountain are probably restless again. Yellow warning. Sounds pretty serious. If things escalate, we might have to evacuate.” The middle-aged man couldn’t figure it out either, but judging from his expression, he wasn’t that flustered.

At this moment, Shi Yu also reacted. Indeed, it wasn’t time to panic yet.

Unlike 10 years ago, high city walls had already been built between Ping Cheng and the dozen or so towns and snow mountains below.

The Beast Tamer Troops of the Beast Tamer Association was stationed outside the city wall and was the first line of defense against a Beast Tide.

The so-called warning was only to warn the surrounding townspeople. It didn’t mean that there was really danger.

If there really was a danger of them breaking into the city, it wouldn’t be as simple as a yellow disaster warning.

“Why don’t we go over and take a look?” Chen Kai suggested.

Icefield City was located at the border of the country, and the subordinate Ping Cheng and the surrounding towns were even adjacent to the snow mountains filled with ferocious beasts.

This was also why only Ping Cheng and the surrounding two districts had been the first to bear the brunt of the beast tide 10 years ago.

“What are you thinking? At a time like this, there must be barricades both inside and outside the city walls. Wouldn’t you be causing trouble if you went?” Zhuang Yue said.

“Let’s go back first,” said Shi Yu.

Although he felt that nothing would happen, the atmosphere at this time was tense. It was better not to cause trouble for others by leisurely playing Earth Mouse.

Whack-A-Mole could be done anytime. It was more important to understand the Beast Tide early warning after returning to the Beast Tamer Association.

The other three nodded. They didn’t have much desire to fight the Earth Mouse now. After packing up, they quickly returned to Ping Cheng.

Icefield City, Ping Cheng District, Beast Tamer Association.

After the few of them ended the Earth Mouse mission, they explained the warnings of White Stream Village to the staff at the front desk of the mission hall and asked what was going on.

“This…”

The staff at the front desk shook his head and said, “I’m not too sure either.”

“But this doesn’t seem to be the first time this month. The previous two times were blue warnings. Is it yellow this time?”

Towards this answer, Shi Yu and the others appeared very confused. This was equivalent to saying nothing…

Chen Kai was about to ask something when someone called his name from afar.

“Chen Kai, Zhuang Yue!”

The voice came from afar, making Chen Kai and Zhuang Yue shiver. They subconsciously turned their heads.

Shi Yu and Yu Jingjing also looked over and realized that an honest-looking, bespectacled Beast Tamer had entered.

The other party was only in his thirties, but his hair looked a little sparse. He should be an expert.

“Teacher Zhang…” Chen Kai and Zhuang Yue said.

“Why are you here?”

This person was a teacher from Chen Kai and Zhuang Yue’s school.

“I was nearby. I just saw you guys chatting in the group chat, so I came over to take a look. I didn’t expect to bump into you guys.”

On the way back, Chen Kai and Zhuang Yue had shared the yellow warning of the beast tide with their classmates in the class group chat. They didn’t expect the teacher to see it.

So you guys actually chat in a class group with teachers?

Shi Yu looked at the group of strange students and thought to himself.

Under normal circumstances, shouldn’t it be that students didn’t bring their teachers along and created a group to play alone?

If you guys did this, it wouldn’t be as natural to talk in the group.

“These two are?” The person addressed as Teacher Zhang looked at Shi Yu and Yu Jingjing.

Chen Kai said, “They are my friends, Beast Tamers from other schools.”

Teacher Zhang smiled and nodded. “You must be wondering about the Beast Tide warning.”

“Yeah, Teacher, is the situation serious this time? Don’t tell me the same thing is happening again.” Chen Kai knew that his teacher was a professional Beast Tamer and should know more inside information, so he had immediately asked.

“It’s too noisy here. Let’s talk outside,” Teacher Zhang said.

None of them had any objections. They left the mission hall and started to circle the buildings around the Beast Tamer Association.

Although he didn’t know this Teacher Zhang, Shi Yu, who wanted to know the situation, also went with them.

If there really was danger… he had to make preparations in advance and escape to the city with Eleven.

After all, the houses around the city center would get expensive after the tide.

Building houses in the countryside or even in the suburbs might be cheap, but it was also close to the wilderness.

It was too dangerous!

On the stone path, Teacher Zhang looked at the group of young children and said, “You don’t have to worry too much. It’s already very different from ten years ago. The protective facilities around the snow mountain are doing very well.

“Even if there’s really any danger, the Beast Tamer Association will be able to react quickly. If the Ping Cheng group isn’t strong enough to defend, the Beast Tamers in the city will naturally come over.”

“If the Beast Tamer Troops in the city can’t defend it, the Troops in the surrounding cities will also provide support soon after. At present, the creatures on this snow mountain are no longer enough to pose a threat to Icefield City.”

Chen Kai asked, “So, Teacher, you mean that the Beast Tide might appear again?”

“At the moment, it’s only a small-scale gathering of ferocious beasts. It’s far inferior to the sudden change ten years ago. It was much greater then…”

Zhuang Yue said, “Why is it happening? Aren’t those ferocious beasts all ice-element creatures? Compared to cities, they probably prefer the environment of the snow mountains.”

“The books say that the lack of food and resources creates pressure from competing over them and is the main reason for the beast tide’s appearance.” Shi Yu looked in the direction of the snow mountain. “But this shouldn’t be the main reason for the snow mountain Beast Tide, right…? After all, Beast Tides with this kind of reason are usually very frequent. There are signs, and it wouldn’t suddenly happen like ten years ago.”

Teacher Zhang looked at Shi Yu and nodded. “That’s right. But we don’t know exactly why. The trigger of the beast tide ten years ago is still an unsolved mystery. But in terms of speculation, the answer is within Icefield City. Do you know the history of the city?”

They shook their heads.

“Actually, it’s not history. After all, it hasn’t been completely proven. At the moment, it’s just a guess.

“According to archaeological discoveries, there shouldn’t be any snow-mountain environments around Icefield City from two thousand years ago.

“This was the territory of a rather developed Beast Tamer tribe in an ancient country at that time. But later, an ice dragon flew over from afar and landed on the surrounding mountain range.

“This ice dragon was very strong. Even if it only lived in the surroundings, it had indirectly triggered the descent of a mini Ice Age, making this Beast Tamer tribe suffer indescribably.

“Then, this Beast Tamer tribe decided to expel the Ice Dragon. They formed an army and started a protracted war with the Ice Dragon in the mountain range.

“It’s said that this snow mountain was formed at that time.”

Shi Yu asked, “Which side won?”

Teacher Zhang said, “It should be the Beast Tamer tribe that won. There’s an Ice Dragon ruin on the snow mountain. It’s said that the skeleton of the Ice Dragon was sealed inside. It was sealed by the Beast Tamers back then.

“Even now, there is still dragon aura coming from the ruins from time to time, but it’s been two thousand years. Even that ice dragon should have completely died.

“There’s speculation at the moment that the sealed ice dragon turned into a spirit and influenced those ferocious beasts in the snow mountain. The dragon’s aura is thus causing the ferocious beasts to lose their minds and take revenge on the city.”

Shi Yu and the others looked in the direction of the snow mountain again.

An Ice Dragon undead?

This was the first time they had heard of this.

Teacher Zhang pointed at a stone-giant statue not far ahead and said, “Do you see that?

“That’s one of the ancient artifacts excavated by archaeologists. It’s said that the stone giant is the totem of that tribe.”

As they chatted, they had already arrived at a huge park.

In the center of the garden was a stone-giant statue. The stone giant was an elemental extraordinary life form. It was another type of pet. It was placed here to increase the historical heritage of the Ping Cheng District and make this place look more historical.

“That tribe used this thing to defeat the ice dragon?” Chen Kai looked at the stone statue. He hadn’t noticed this thing before. He had thought it was a decoration, but he didn’t expect it to be an ancient item from Icefield City.

Shi Yu and company’s gazes were all on the stone-giant statue. As they stared, Shi Yu’s heart suddenly accelerated.

His brain rumbled, and his telepathy talent seemed to have taken effect passively. He heard a strange voice.

‘It wasn’t like that…’

‘It wasn’t like that…’

This sudden voice made Shi Yu shudder.

However, when he looked around, he realized that there was nothing unusual with Teacher Zhang, Chen Kai, and the others.

Suppressing the shock in his heart, Shi Yu looked back at the stone statue. His face turned pale.

Please don’t tell me that the voice came from this stone statue. What’s happening to me?

This stone statue didn’t have any sign of life at all.

Wasn’t telepathy only able to hear the thoughts of living beings? If the stone statue wasn’t normal, it wouldn’t be placed here!

‘It wasn’t like that…’

Shi Yu could still hear the voice.