Chapter 39

“Ug! Phhh!!!”

After the boar saw Shi Yu and Eleven, it even thought of which parts to eat first.

Saliva dripped from the corners of its mouth, and its eyes glowed. Its strong and powerful limbs stepped on the ground restlessly.

Pig Rush!

This wasn’t a skill, but a simple charge.

The Longthorn Wild Boar first locked onto the cub of an unknown bear-type creature that might pose a greater threat to it. It raised its fangs fiercely and charged over.

‘Be careful not to let its fangs touch your body, or you’ll be petrified. In addition, its attack method is mainly charging around.’

Shi Yu used telepathy to give Eleven a simple order. He immediately retreated to a tree and planned to watch the show.

This wild boar was nearly two meters long. Compared to Eleven, who was nearly one meter tall, it was a big difference in size. As it rushed over, Eleven experienced a completely different feeling from when he fought the Ice-Armored Beast.

The charging speed of the Longthorn Wild Boar wasn’t any slower than that of the Ice-Armored Beast. Moreover, in terms of strength and physique, it was even more threatening.

To Eleven a week ago, perhaps it could have only resisted or dodged in a hurry, but now…

The black and white hair standing on its legs swayed with the wind. Under its extreme concentration, its eyes flashed with a bright light.

Intermediate skill Super Vision!

Under the proficient-level Super Vision, Eleven’s vision ability was enhanced to the limit. Its dynamic vision was now unexpectedly outstanding.

At this moment, the whole world seemed to have slowed down in its eyes. The ferocious-looking pig suddenly attacked with its petrified fangs, but in Eleven’s eyes, it was very slow.

Since his vision could clearly capture the enemy, Eleven naturally had more time to react.

Bang!!!

Because the Longthorn Wild Boar’s movements mainly focused on charging forward, it was very difficult for it to change its direction. Using this point, it was actually very easy to dodge the attack and counterattack.

During the process of the Longthorn Wild Boar charging over, Eleven directly turned sideways and successfully dodged!

Eh? Where’s the prey?

In an instant, the board lost its prey as it disappeared from its sight. After it missed, it became extremely confused.

The next moment, the little Iron Eating Beast, who had dodged sideways, reacted abnormally quickly and launched a counterattack. After all, it had started practicing this in its mind ever since it saw the attack mode of the long-spined wild boar.

At this moment, its bear paw was instantly covered by Hardening and directly slapped towards the boar that had passed by!

Crack!!

When the hardened bear palm came into contact with the long spikes on the wild boar’s body, the long spikes instantly broke. Immediately following that, a huge impact came from the side, making the Longthorn Wild Boar’s body feel like it was overturning rivers and seas and sense that something was wrong.

“Ugh…”

With a painful howl, under the inertial force of the wild boar’s charge and Eleven’s impact, the huge wild boar actually rolled diagonally.

“Howl, howl, howl…”

After being knocked over, the Longthorn Wild Boar became dizzy as it kept rolling on the ground. The pain then made it unable to stand up. Its expression was filled with horror.

The food had hit back…!

“Eleven, go for the kill.”

As an outstanding Beast Tamer, Shi Yu would always teach his pets some outstanding abilities.

Under his command, Eleven immediately turned on all fours and stepped forward at the same time with its left front and right rear feet. It charged at the wild boar, looking even fiercer than the pig’s sudden charge just now.

Hardening, head, impact!

With the force of the sprint, Eleven directly hardened its head and made intimate contact with the Longthorn Wild Boar’s head. With a bang, the boar’s eyes turned white, and it completely fainted.

“Green Silkworm, tie it up.”

Shi Yu opened the zipper of his backpack. A little green worm came out reluctantly and used its worm silk on this huge wild boar.

Soon, a Level 7 Longthorn Wild Boar worth 350 points was easily hunted by Shi Yu and his pets.

“As expected, the battle power is not on the same level.”

Shi Yu looked at the long-spined wild boar bound by white threads and gained a new understanding of Eleven’s battle power.

From the looks of it… the only ones who could pose a threat to Eleven in this state were probably those little Bosses whose growth levels were at level 10.

For a long-spined wild boar with only one attack pattern, it was easily countered to death by Super Vision and Hardening!

However, if it were Chen Kai’s Ice-Armored Beast, Shi Yu felt that even if it could win one-on-one, it would have taken a lot of effort.

“Wuuu~”

At this moment, Eleven was in the midst of the joy of defeating the Longthorn Wild Boar. Shi Yu bent down and picked up one end of the thread and threw it to Eleven.

“Your favorite training segment is here. Carry the spoils of war and move forward with a heavy load.”

Eleven: ๑ (O _ O;)!

Eleven originally thought that it would be over after defeating the Longthorn Wild Boar. It completely didn’t expect that the wild boar’s body could still be used as a training tool.

As expected of its Beast Tamer, he was really thoughtful!

Eleven excitedly picked up the worm silk and dragged the wild boar with a thump. It looked expectant and curious about what was waiting for it in front.

“Let’s continue deeper.”

After confirming the battle power of the Longthorn Wild Boar, Shi Yu was relieved and brought Eleven into the Wild Boar Forest, planning to cross this place.

At this moment, in the nearest safe area, in the monitoring room, a staff member who was browsing through the surveillance cameras suddenly noticed that something was up. He hurriedly enlarged a surveillance video.

“Brothers, someone has already opened for business here.”

“A Beast Tamer has already killed a Longthorn Wild Boar and entered the Wild Boar Forest alone.”

“Alone?” The surrounding security guards heard him and immediately looked over.

In the overlooking image transmitted by a mechanical bird, an Iron-Eating Beast panda cub was dragging the body of a long-spined wild boar with a white rope, following beside Shi Yu.

The man and beast boldly entered the forest marked with a certain level of danger on the map.

“That Iron-Eating Beast… Looking at its size, it seems to be a cub? Its growth level shouldn’t be more than seven. How did it easily defeat the Longthorn Wild Boar?”

The reason why it looked easy was because Eleven was leisurely dragging the wild boar.

If it was a difficult victory, the first thing Shi Yu and the others would do was to take the relatively safe path marked on the map and enter a safe area. They would first convert the wild boar into points to rest and not drag the wild boar further into its territory.

“I didn’t see it. Let’s watch the replay tonight,” the security guard who had noticed Shi Yu and the others at the start said.

With so many things happening, how could he have noticed Shi Yu and the others from the start?

“Watch him carefully first. It’s definitely dangerous for a person to enter the Wild Boar Forest alone, but as long as they are smart enough and know how to climb trees, the Longthorn Wild Boar won’t be able to hurt them,” said a security guard.

Shi Yu’s group was the first batch of candidates to have any major gains, causing them to immediately receive special attention from the security personnel of the nearest safe area.

Soon, under their attention, Shi Yu went deep into the forest and quietly found a few Longthorn Wild Boars gathered together.

Hiding behind a tree in the distance, Shi Yu and Eleven looked at the four Longthorn Wild Boars foraging in the woods in front of them with different expressions.

Shi Yu was thinking about whether Eleven could fight against four alone… while the little Iron-Eating Beast was thinking about why Shi Yu didn’t let it charge forward.

“Eleven, do you want to give it a try? You have expert-level Hardening and can fight with your whole body hardened. They shouldn’t be a threat to you.”

Shi Yu felt that there was no problem with its proficiency in Hardening and Super Vision. After all, the wild boars’ movements were simple, and their growth level wasn’t high.

“Wuu!!!” Eleven’s wild nature appeared.

1 VS 4!

It sounded so exciting!

“Alright, the Green Silkworm and I will cheer you on from behind the tree. It’s all up to you…” Shi Yu encouraged.

Eleven was discouraged. Alright then.

Then, Eleven put down the spoils of the wild boar that he was dragging and left Shi Yu behind. It walked towards the group of Longthorn Wild Boars alone.

“Damn, this group is really going for this?”

This action had attracted the notice of the security guard in the security-area monitoring room who was watching Shi Yu.

The guard’s shout once again attracted the attention of the other security guards in the room.

“What’s wrong?”

“That Beast Tamer who brought the little Iron-Eating Beast along, it’s now charging towards the four Longthorn Wild Boars alone!”

“What? He became arrogant after defeating one?”

Even if it was a tenth-level pet, it would be very difficult to face four Longthorn Wild Boars alone.

Then, under their surveillance, Eleven walked into the perception range of the four boars.

“Ehh, phhh, phhh!!!”

“Phhh!! Phhh!! Phhh!!”

An unknown creature had approached, and it was a bear-type creature that looked like a natural enemy. The four boars immediately revealed wary looks.

However, after discovering that Eleven was just a tiny cub less than a meter tall, their hearts immediately underwent a hundred million changes just like the first Longthorn Wild Boar had before it was defeated.

What was going on? Where did this guy come from? Was it giving them extra food?

The four Longthorn Wild Boars were still in the observation stage, but at this moment, something unexpected happened.

The Little Iron-Eating Beast in the distance suddenly stretched out its two paws, opened its mouth wide, and made a face to provoke.

“Oh, oh, oh…”

Eleven mocked.

“Holy shit.” The security guards were even more shocked.

Courting death?

“Ehh, phhh, phhh!!!”

“Phhh!! Phhh!! Phhh!!”

The four Longthorn Wild Boars suddenly charged forward at the same time, their sharp fangs ready to stab into Eleven.

As the four wild boars rushed over from different directions, and because Eleven’s Super Vision had yet to reach 360° without any blind spots, it didn’t dare to be careless and directly hardened its whole body!

In an instant, a metallic luster filled its entire body!

The metallic texture of the black fur was incomparably deep. The white fur became as hard as silver and dazzling. After it was fully armored, Eleven let out a howl and used the method of fighting against the previous wild boar to directly smash the first wild boar that approached it.

The next second, the second wild boar hit Eleven’s body, but the boar felt as if it had hit a huge lump of steel. It didn’t know how its enemy felt, but it knew that its fangs were about to shatter.

“Howl—” The second wild boar cried out in pain. Eleven, who was hit, definitely wasn’t injured. The other party didn’t even break its defense. It only made the hardened area a little more earthy.

However, the huge impact had still made Eleven stagger, and its body was pushed aside a little.

As it was hit, Eleven’s wild nature was aroused. With an especially fierce expression, it directly pounced at the wild boar beside it and knocked it over with a collision.

Then, its gaze became fierce as it searched for the remaining enemies.

As for the remaining two Longthorn Wild Boars, because they were too far away at the start, they couldn’t come into contact with Eleven immediately, causing the battle range to be occupied by the first two wild boars.

During this process, they clearly saw how their two companions were defeated by this little guy who had suddenly turned into a steel lump.

“Wuuu—”

At this moment, they had no intention of continuing the battle. The creatures in the wild were very pragmatic. If they weren’t trapped, their first reaction when they encountered a strong enemy was definitely to run.

However, Eleven didn’t intend to give them a chance to escape. It locked onto a Longthorn Wild Boar that had turned around and fearlessly bumped into it, scaring the wild boar into howling and jumping up as it ran.

“Holy sh*t!”

This was already the third “what the f*ck” in the monitoring room of the safe area.

The four security guards surrounding the surveillance video looked at the screen in disbelief and rubbed their eyes hard.

Wait a minute, they… they didn’t see wrongly, right??

An Iron-Eating Beast panda cub, facing four Longthorn Wild Boars, defeated two in two moves.

Then, it scared the other two into fleeing and even chased after them?

It was like a wild boar killer!

“Expert-level Hardening? Who is this candidate?” a security guard suddenly said with a serious expression.