Chapter 33

After Lu Qingyi finished talking about the three evolution paths, she waited for Shi Yu’s choice. In any case, Shi Yu couldn’t take all of them, because the Green Silkworm could only evolve into one type of creature.

“Ice Crystal Phoenix Butterfly, Ghost Beauty Butterfly, Goddess of Light Butterfly…”

To be honest, Shi Yu felt that it was all pretty good. After all, it would be a commander-rank creature, no matter what. A commander-rank creature’s growth limit was much higher than that of a transcendent-rank one. If he could contract with a commander-rank creature, as long as he could afford it, becoming a professional Beast Tamer would be almost certain.

At this point, if it were any other Beast Tamer, they would probably have already chosen it excitedly.

However, after hearing it, Shi Yu didn’t immediately choose one happily. It wasn’t that he had difficulty choosing, but he had heard a key piece of information.

In order for the Green Silkworm to evolve into a commander-rank creature, apart from some necessary evolution materials, its Worm Silk proficiency actually only needed to be expert level?

He had previously thought that it would need to at least be perfected level.

It was simply difficult to even reach perfect proficiency for the Worm Silk skill.

But what if he did pursue perfected-level Worm Silk proficiency?

At that time, would it stimulate the potential of the pet to 200%…

“Are there any Green Silkworms that have reached the skill level of perfection before evolution?” Shi Yu asked.

Lu Qingyi said, “It’s not impossible.

“If you can find mystic realms and ruins suitable for the growth of the Green Silkworm and spend a huge fortune to nurture it, you might then be able to raise its Worm Silk proficiency to that level in its lifetime.

“Or, when you get to the level of a legendary Beast Tamer, you can return to nurture the Green Silkworm. However, putting aside the cost-effective ratio, this Green Silkworm won’t be able to live until then.

“There are roughly only two methods. At the moment, it’s not like there are no successful cases in the country. There was a Green Silkworm that evolved into a monarch-rank Ice Phoenix Moth. Why? Are you tempted by this?”

Shi Yu smiled. “I’m just asking.”

Lu Qingyi said, “Don’t be too greedy. If you plan to evolve it, the level of the Green Silkworm’s Worm Silk isn’t ‘the higher the better’.

“The higher the level of the Worm Silk, the greater its potential after evolution. However, the evolution process will also be more difficult. There’s a greater risk of failure in breaking out of the cocoon, so this is the reason why there’s no need to deliberately pursue perfect proficiency.

“…Unless you can guarantee that the evolution materials you use can

definitely

allow the Green Silkworm to awaken powerful new racial skills during the evolution process and that with this skill, it can

absolutely

break through the cocoon.

“But this kind of thing… even the best evolution planner can’t guarantee it.”

Shi Yu roughly understood.

The level of the Green Silkworm’s Worm Silk, the level of the cocoon formed, the difficulty of breaking through the cocoon, and the potential after evolution — these were all positively correlated.

And if he wanted it to successfully break out of the cocoon, he would need it to successfully awaken a powerful new species skill inside the cocoon and use this ability to break out of the cocoon.

As for how to awaken new racial skills during the evolution process, one needed to provide it with suitable evolution materials before it cocooned.

If the evolution materials provided were wrong, the awakening skill would fail, and the evolution of the cocoon would also fail.

After thinking about it carefully, Shi Yu’s heart stirred.

If the Green Silkworm’s evolution mechanism was like this, perhaps he didn’t have to take the known evolution path.

Shi Yu looked at the Green Silkworm in the birdcage.

So, what would the outcome be if he taught it a skill from the skill index before it cocooned?

In this way, there would be no need to take the traditional evolution path. He could directly use the skill index before its evolution to have it break out of the cocoon. As long as the skill level was high enough, there was no risk of it not breaking out of the cocoon.

At the same time, the Worm Silk level could also be stacked to the maximum without any worries, allowing the highest-level worm cocoon to nourish the Green Silkworm inside.

This method seemed to be feasible!

Initially, Shi Yu thought that commander-rank creatures were pretty good, but now, he suddenly wanted to nurture a new evolution form for himself to take a look at.

He could completely break the normal evolution method and use an unscientific evolution method!

Skills learnt before evolution + Perfected-level Worm Silk + Deciding attributes at will = ???

Shi Yu suddenly understood those researchers who liked to study the new evolved form of the Green Silkworm. It was really awesome to win a prize.

He nodded and said, “Then I’ll choose the Goddess of Light Butterfly.”

Although it might not necessarily evolve into this, it was definitely correct to choose the rarest one at the moment.

He wanted to take a look at how the evolution materials of other evolution paths were matched.

Lu Qingyi said, “As expected, you chose the highest level… But as I’ve just reminded you, the evolution difficulty of the three of them is from easy to difficult, so you have to be sufficiently prepared before letting the Green Silkworm try to evolve.

“Wasting precious evolution materials is a small matter. If it fails to break out of the cocoon, your Green Silkworm might die trapped in it.”

“Okay.”

The evolution method was probably Lu Qingyi’s private collection or harvest. She wrote down the evolution method on the spot for Shi Yu, and the quantity and level of the materials listed were also very comprehensive.

An evolution method that could nurture the disgraceful Green Silkworm of the Beast World into a high-class commander-rank creature… Its value was naturally needless to say. It could totally have been the foundation for a powerful Beast Tamer family, yet Lu Qingyi had very casually told Shi Yu the method.

This also made Shi Yu believe even more that the Bureau Eleven mentioned by the other party might really be very powerful.

He might really be able to arrange for a legendary Beast Tamer bodyguard in the future!

[Race]: Green Silkworm

[Evolution Route]: Goddess of Light Butterfly

[Skill Requirement]: Worm Silk skill above expert proficiency

[Evolutionary Materials]: Uncooked Heart of Light aged one to three years (one), mature Sun Petal (ten), Firefly Nucleus (three), Luminous Fungus (50 grams), Sunlight Rock Powder (large amount), mature Light Containing Grass (large amount)

[Evolution Method]: After the Green Silkworm’s growth level reaches Level 9, it needs a 9:1 ratio of Sunlight Rock Powder to soak the Light Containing Grass as its main food. The food soaking time is 1 hour. Feed until the Green Silkworm’s growth level reaches Level 10.

After the Green Silkworm’s growth level reaches Level 10, it needs to eat one uncooked Heart of Light within a day, ten mature Sun Petals, three Firefly Nuclei, and 50 grams of Luminous Fungus. After finishing all of them, it can then use the Worm Silk skill to make a cocoon.

The evolution process requires about 30 days. If it’s successful, the Green Silkworm will awaken the skill Rainbow Light in the cocoon and break out of the cocoon to evolve into the Goddess of Light Butterfly.

“These materials…”

The Heart of Light was the name of a special fruit. The Sun Petal was a high-level spiritual plant. The Firefly Nucleus was the energy crystal of a fluorescent worm. The Luminous Fungus was a True Core creature on the Rainbow Light Mushroom. The Sunlight Rock was a rare mineral, and the Light Containing Grass was also a rare spiritual plant…

Just by looking at the name, Shi Yu could already imagine the price of this pile of materials. He couldn’t help but feel a headache.

If he had to buy all of them, would his 10,000,000 yuan be enough??

Iron Bamboo was already so expensive as the cheapest material among the lowest first-level resources. None of the materials here were lower than third-level…

Little Bug, as expected, we should research an even more impressive evolution path ourselves. High-level commander rank is still too low!

If he wasn’t confident of his own path when the time came, then he would choose this backup!

After handing the Green Silkworm’s evolution method to Shi Yu, Lu Qingyi left with her Wind Demon Lion. Only Shi Yu, the Iron-Eating Beast, and the Green Silkworm were left in the courtyard.

After watching Lu Qingyi leave, Shi Yu sighed. He didn’t know whether it was a good or bad choice for him to join Bureau Eleven…

Although he resisted his old profession vocally, it was indeed as Lu Qingyi said. If he really resisted from the bottom of his heart, he wouldn’t have resonated with that stone statue.

“Forget it, I won’t think too much. In any case, I’ll have money tomorrow. I can squander a little today!”

Shi Yu put away the evolution blueprint and decided to buy a cell phone first.. He had been eyeing this thing for a long time, and now, he could finally steel his heart to buy one.