Chapter 36

After investigating Shi Yu’s identity and background, the Homeland Ruins Strategic Investigation and Backup Security Bureau, which was also known as Bureau Eleven, currently had a free-movement policy towards Shi Yu.

Although Shi Yu was talented and had a clean background, he was too lousy.

Even Lu Qingyi, who had the least experience in Bureau Eleven, had the title of doctorate in Dong Huang Capital University, one of the nine major universities, so one could imagine Shi Yu’s position as the junior of the organization.

Investigating the historical truth of Icefield City alone was also training for Shi Yu.

Using this, one would be able to see the subsequent manifestations of Shi Yu’s ability to listen to the echoes of history… his “listening” talent.

At the moment, Lu Qingyi was the one who paid the most attention to Shi Yu’s growth in Bureau Eleven. After all, she had already greeted those big bosses, making sure it was known that she was the one who discovered Shi Yu and dug him up. After Shi Yu became an official member, he had to be her assistant first. They couldn’t snatch him away from her.

“I hope you can pass the vocation assessment in half a year.”

After Lu Qingyi left Shi Yu’s house again, she had some thoughts. As someone with a certain level of experience, she naturally didn’t want Shi Yu to wait for the vocation assessment happening then. That would only be the standard for ordinary Beast Tamers like Chen Kai.

Now, she had provided Shi Yu with a huge amount of starting capital and also helped him get a learning opportunity at Bamboo Stone Dojo. Her goal was to let Shi Yu catch up to the next vocation assessment.

After becoming a professional Beast Tamer, one would be considered to have stepped into the real door of the Beast Tamer world. Every step was lengthy, and there was never enough time. Every step a Beast Tamer took was a race against time.

“Sigh…”

At this moment, in the courtyard, Shi Yu couldn’t help but sigh as he watched Lu Qingyi leave.

With the rich lady gone, they could only rely on themselves to work hard.

Shi Yu took out his black Bureau Eleven ID and sighed as he looked at his handsome profile picture.

Bureau Eleven was roughly equivalent to the final strength and trump card of the Dong Hua Nation when facing various ruins. Its status was very high.

In his previous life, the archaeological field might not have been much, but many ruins here were related to various guardian totems and Mythical creatures. There were a lot of secrets involved.

It could be said that decrypting ruins was the most critical pathway for Beast Tamers to reach the Mythical Domain.

Therefore, as the most elite group of people in the archaeology world, it wasn’t strange for Bureau Eleven to have a Legendary-rank Beast Tamer serving as a bodyguard.

“Sigh.”

Shi Yu sighed twice. Although he was unlucky enough to enter the archaeology field again, he had entered such a high-level organization in just a few months here.

As expected of you, Shi Yu.

Indeed, after changing worlds, you’re still so outstanding.

“Can this certificate let me enter most ruins?

“At the same time, I’d be able to apply for a bodyguard from Bureau Eleven with this certificate to explore ruins?”

Shi Yu suddenly felt that the certificate was a little heavy. It was convenient, but it was equivalent to a Pandora’s Box. If he used it, it would definitely mean that he was courting death again.

“I’ll keep it away first.”

After putting away the documents, it was already noon. Shi Yu had to prepare food for Eleven and the silkworm again.

“WUUU—”

During this process, Eleven roared at the sky in the courtyard, scaring the Green Silkworm.

“You gave me a fright, dammit!” It also gave Shi Yu a fright.

But because of his mental connection with Eleven, he roughly knew what was going on.

Eleven’s growth level increased again, reaching Level 6 Awakening!

Today was July 25, 177, and he had joined Bureau Eleven on July 4, 177.

It had only been slightly more than twenty days, but it had already advanced by three levels…!

This speed would definitely make many Beast Tamers cry.

Under normal circumstances, even if Eleven could eat a lot and did a lot of training, this growth speed was still unscientific.

The reason it could grow so quickly was mainly related to the teaching of the skill book.

The increase in skill proficiency would lead to the growth of the pet itself. This was the reason why Eleven’s growth was so fast.

It could also be understood in this way… The physical strength and energy consumed by Shi Yu had all been converted into the nutrition needed for the growth of his pet during the teaching process.

Shi Yu carried a metal basin and walked out. He looked at Eleven, who was waving excitedly at him, and estimated. “Your height is almost one meter.”

“Hmm?” The Little Iron-Eating Beast nodded in confusion.

The current size of the little Iron-Eating Beast was a lot bigger than when it was first brought back from the Iron Bamboo Breeding Base. However, it was also normal. Currently, it was at its fastest growth phase.

“Congratulations, let’s eat first,” Shi Yu said with a smile.

He quickly prepared food for Eleven and the Green Silkworm. Then, he picked up his cell phone and checked the situation of the two pets.

[Species]: Iron-Eating Beast

[Level of Growth]: Level 6 Awakening

[Species]: Green Silkworm

[Level of Growth]: Level 4 Awakening

One was at level six, while the other was at level four. However, he couldn’t treat them as normal pets of this level. After all, their skill proficiency far exceeded other pets of the same level.

If he signed up for the field combat assessment organized by the Beast Tamer Association, Shi Yu was very curious about what kind of assessment results he could get with these two little guys.

…

That afternoon, Shi Yu went to the Beast Tamer Association in Ping Cheng again. This time, he came openly.

Of course, this time, he came here to register for the field combat assessment organized by the Beast Tamer Association in Ping Cheng.

“This is ridiculous. Why are there so many people?”

However, after coming here, Shi Yu’s scalp immediately went numb.

There were so many people that it was

ridiculous

. It seemed that… all of them were here to register for the field combat assessment.

The appearance of mystic realm ruins in Ping Cheng was no longer a secret, and most Beast Tamers knew what the ruins represented.

It represented opportunities and wealth!!

This time, the Beast Tamer Association announced that all the gains from the mystic realm would belong to the individual. This directly made those Beast Tamers whose families were as poor as he used to be go crazy.

A gamble was a chance to change one’s fate.

“Looks like a batch of Beast Tamers with no potential will be eliminated from the field combat assessment organized by the Association. Then, the Beast Tamers with potential will be sent further into the ruins to train.”

“This way, after a period of time, another batch of Beast Tamers qualified to challenge the vocation assessment will appear in Ping Cheng.”

In a sense, just the news of the appearance of the ruins had completely mobilized the enthusiasm of Ping Cheng’s Beast Tamer trainees. In the past, there hadn’t been so many people signing up for wilderness training.

After a while, it was finally time. There were three combat training venues in Ping Cheng. The venue designation would be according to the situation of the Beast Tamer.

There were definitely simple and difficult spots in the three locations. Shi Yu estimated that at his level, he definitely wouldn’t be getting the hardest spots.

“Hello, the location of your assessment is Mount Tian Mang. The assessment is held for a total of three days. The time starts on July 28, which is three days later, and ends on the 30th. Please arrive at the training base at Mount Tian Mang by 9 a.m. on the 28th. If you are late, you are considered to have given up voluntarily. The registration fee will not be refunded.”

The lady at the front desk added sweetly, “As for the details, please go to the hall to take a look.”

“Thank you.” Shi Yu turned and left.

The registration fee for an assessment was 10,000 yuan. Actually, it wasn’t expensive. It was already considered cheap.

After all, in every training location, there were high-level Beast Tamers from the Beast Tamer Association who had eliminated the risk factors in advance. They also had professional security teams who were responsible for the safety of the trainees throughout the entire process.

In order for them to gain more experience, the Beast Tamer Association would also transfer a large number of pets that were not local to be placed in it for the apprentices to broaden their horizons.

Apart from that, the rare resources in the training venue had also been controlled to a full extent. Experts could freely obtain them. After they came out, they would be split at a certain ratio with the Beast Tamer Association.

Therefore, as long as the Beast Tamer who was training didn’t take it too far, with a little bit of ability, this registration fee could be recouped, and the stronger ones could even earn money.

Shi Yu’s goal this time was not to earn but to not lose out.

Then, Shi Yu took a look at the things to take note of in the registration hall.

In fact, there wasn’t much to pay attention to. The trainees were just reminded that they needed to bring some necessities on their own.

After paying a little attention, Shi Yu returned home.

There were still three days until the so-called field combat assessment. Shi Yu planned to just pass it normally. There was no need to train desperately at the last minute, or else it would affect his pet’s condition.

His goal was only to train Eleven’s combat ability so that its combat ability and growth level wouldn’t be out of sync. He also wanted to see if he could replicate some rare skills instead of only combat abilities.

If he wanted to go on a killing spree, he wouldn’t have been in such a hurry to register. After stably developing for half a year with 10 million yuan, he would have had everything ready.

…

Three days passed in the blink of an eye.

These three days were indeed passed normally.

Eleven and the Green Silkworm still had the usual training and food.

Shi Yu, on the other hand, spent his days on meditation and playing with his cell phone.

The only thing worth mentioning was that during this period, Shi Yu used the skill book three more times.

He taught Worm Silk twice and Hardening once.

In this way, including the previous time, Eleven was probably taught two more times by the skill index on top of its already expert-level Hardening skill.

On the other hand, the Green Silkworm was taught twice by the Skill Index on the foundation of the expert-level Worm Silk it already had.

It was just an additional two times, so their skill proficiency naturally wasn’t at the perfected level yet. As for their daily bit of training, the relatively large experience gap made it naturally insufficient.

After this, Shi Yu was thinking about a mathematics problem.

When a pet that didn’t have any foundation for a skill was taught by the skill index once, it would be at initial level; teaching it twice equaled proficient level, and teaching it four times was expert level.

Then how many times did he have to teach it for it to be at perfected level?

Eight or sixteen times?

This question is too difficult. I can’t figure it out…

Shi Yu gave up struggling. It would be better to wait and verify it personally.

That morning, Shi Yu woke up very early. Now that he was rich, he decided to use a taxi for once.

When he arrived at the street under the training base of Mt. Tian Mang, he discovered a large number of Beast Tamers gathered at the entrance. They were basically around twenty years old.

“Shi Yu!”

When Shi Yu arrived, he heard someone calling out to him. He looked around and immediately saw a guy with dark eye circles that looked like an Iron-Eating Beast.

“As expected, you’re here too,” Chen Kai, the top student of his class, said. “I knew you wouldn’t miss this.”

Shi Yu: “…”

No, what’s with your dark eye circles? Don’t tell me you really ate supplements like candy when you went back??