Chapter 34

After figuring out the truth behind the stone statue’s mutation, and knowing the huge sum of money that was about to be transferred to his account, Shi Yu was overjoyed.

That day, he came to the building of Century Corporation and prepared to look around.

Century Corporation was the leading company in the high-tech field of the Dong Huang Nation and had stores in almost all cities above level three.

Shi Yu planned to buy a smart cell phone here.

Actually, when Lu Qingyi was around, Shi Yu had already asked her if the organization would give him a phone.

And the answer he got was naturally no.

The other party had asked Shi Yu to use a portion of the initial funds of 10,000,000 yuan to purchase it himself. At Shi Yu’s level, there was currently no real need for him to equip himself with a private phone.

This was uncomfortable… But whatever, even if he bought a relatively high-end cell phone, it would only be 100,000 yuan. It was nothing compared to 10,000,000 yuan.

“Welcome, Sir. How can I help you?”

After Shi Yu entered the cell phone department, a receptionist immediately welcomed him.

“I want to choose a cell phone.”

“What is your basic requirement?”

“It can connect to the Internet. It should also have the ability to detect energy and the Pet Catalog function.”

After Shi Yu finished speaking, the receptionist immediately took out a silver-white cell phone from the counter and said, “What do you think of this one?”

“This is the newest model of Century Corporation, the Index Machine M30. It contains information on 6,029 types of pets and their skills. In addition, it can accurately detect the energy level of pets below transcendent level.

“Its price is 99,998 yuan. If you choose this one, you can even get a thousand yuan as a gift if you buy it now.”

“Can I try it?” Shi Yu asked.

“Of course.”

Shi Yu took the cell phone and found the index function.

This function was actually not that magical. It was similar to the face-detection feature of Earth’s smartphones. It needed to use the cell phone camera aimed at some creature to take effect.

After opening the index function, Shi Yu aimed his cell phone at a black and orange dog with a ferocious expression lying outside the hall. In an instant, the cell phone immediately broadcasted a voice message.

[Species]: Mechanical Hound

[Attribute]: Machinery

[Race Level]: Mid-level Transcendent

[Level of Growth]: Level 10 Awakening

[Race Skills]: Image Storage, Aura Detection, Electric Bite, Self-Explosion

[Introduction]: Artificial mechanical life used for care, tracking, and investigation.

Not only was there a voice broadcast, the cell phone screen also displayed specific information about the mechanical dog.

The information was relatively comprehensive, and one could also get more detailed information through clicks or voice commands.

[Skill]: Self-Explosion

[Skill Level]: Advanced

[Introduction]: Explode all the energy in your body. You will die after using it.

Shi Yu: “…”

This skill’s level was really high, but if he wanted to replicate it, would there be a bug?

Seeing and touching… Those were the requirements for him to copy the skill.

They would have already been blown to pieces.

What would be left for him to touch?

Forget it, forget it. Eleven and the Green Silkworm didn’t need this skill anyway…

Because of the basic energy-wave-detection function, the mechanical dog’s growth level was also successfully registered.

Level 10 was considered pretty high. It was just a step away from becoming a transcendent creature.

Very good

, Shi Yu thought to himself. This index function was what he would find most useful.

Although he was also considered a genius, he only understood transcendent-ranked creatures the most, and he didn’t dare to say that he could understand everything.

But with this cell phone, in the future, no matter if one encountered rare or precious pets of high races or with rare skills, they could find relevant information immediately.

Although he definitely had to continue learning if he wanted to become an outstanding Beast Tamer, using high-tech products could more or less supplement his shortcomings and aid him.

In short, this cell phone was good in every way, and its looks were alright, but… it was so expensive!

If he bought it now, his savings would go straight to the bottom.

The 10,000,000 promised by Lu Qingyi was supposed to be transferred to his account tomorrow. If not, he and Eleven could only eat dirt then.

Roasted Earth Rat, ugh!

If he had known it would drain his finances, he would have come tomorrow instead… Shi Yu deeply realized the shortcomings of his personality.

He was very curious and had a rather impatient personality. Such a personality was very suitable for courting death. No wonder he was someone who had transmigrated.

“Forget it, I’m already here.”

She had already given him the rare evolution method, so why would she run away with the 10,000,000?

“Give me one,” Shi Yu said to the receptionist.

“Yes, Sir.” The receptionist immediately smiled. He seemed to be quite happy with the sale.

…

After buying the cell phone and settling a series of business matters, Shi Yu left in pain.

But he wasn’t in a hurry to go home. Instead, he went to another company, Talent Group.

Talent Group and Century Group were two of the five largest corporations in the nation. They were both widespread.

The latter focused on high-tech products, while the former focused on rare spiritual plants, minerals, pet food, and nutritional supplements.

Since he had already spent so much money, Shi Yu didn’t mind spending a little more.

Eleven had eaten enough Iron Bamboo every day for the past month. Although it liked it, Shi Yu wanted to give it something better.

In the end, he bought some level-two resources, Iron Heart Wood. This was also a recommended food in the metal-eating-beast cultivation manual given by Lin Xiuzhu, and it was of a higher level than Iron Bamboo.

Iron Heart Wood, as the name suggested, was wood with metal minerals growing inside. It was considered a spiritual plant with stuffing and also one of the best foods for Iron-Eating Beasts.

Its attributes were also inclined towards gold and wood, which could effectively strengthen the iron-eating beast’s hardening ability and its vitality.

This kind of ingredient provided more nutrition than Iron Bamboo. Typically, only transcendent-rank Iron-Eating Beasts would eat it as their main food. Otherwise, it would be very easy for it to be over-nourished.

Although that was the case, Shi Yu considered the expenditure of his Iron-Eating Beast… He felt that it wasn’t a problem for it to consume all this nutrition. After all, its appetite was several times that of an ordinary Iron-Eating Beast.

As for the Green Silkworm, it grew quickly anyway. It didn’t lack the nutrition needed for the occasional Skill Index upgrade, so Shi Yu didn’t spend too much on it.

What he ate was what the Green Silkworm ate… This was a restraint! A restraint that even Eleven didn’t have to deal with!

Later on, Shi Yu even planned to see if there were any higher-level supplements. After all, his body was about to develop resistance to the Refreshing Capsule already.

Besides, the level of the Capsule was indeed not high… He would be rich soon. Shi Yu also planned to treat himself better. Only if he was good could his pets be good.

However, considering that the capsules at home had yet to be finished, Shi Yu finally decided to use them all up before looking for new substitutes.

After squandering money to his heart’s content, Shi Yu returned home feeling refreshed.

As usual, Eleven pulled the Green Silkworm along to do daily training.

As for Shi Yu himself, apart from meditation, he could also lie in the courtyard and use his cell phone to learn.

After browsing for a while, because Shi Yu had registered with his Beast Tamer identity, he suddenly received a message notification from the Beast Tamer Association of Ping Cheng regarding all trainee Beast Tamers there.

The ruins near Icefield City have already been opened. Those who wish to explore it can sign up for the Beast Tamer Association’s field combat training and participate in the assessment.. Those who pass the assessment can obtain the right to explore. Everything you find in the ruins will belong to you!