Chapter 35

“The access rights are open just like that? Isn’t it said that all the treasures in these ruins and mystic realms belong to the person who discovers them?

“Heh, no wonder that Lu woman said that there’s a chance to enter even without the identity of Bureau Eleven. How is this a gift? It looks like she’s just recruiting cannon fodder.

“We don’t even know if there are treasures inside. Maybe there are only monsters.”

Shi Yu sensed that something was wrong.

In order to gain access, one had to go through the field combat training organized by the Beast Tamer Association.

From the looks of it, one of the entry requirements was to have a certain amount of combat ability?

What would happen if he didn’t have actual combat ability…?

Needless to say, he would most likely die in the ruins.

“There are hundreds of millions of pitfalls.”

Just as Shi Yu wanted to search for more information about the mystic realm ruins, he suddenly heard a “gurgle~” from the side.

“Auu—”

Eleven staggered over and asked when the meal would start.

At this moment, the Green Silkworm was lying limp in the birdcage like a crippled worm.

It really didn’t have a single thread left!

“There’s a sumptuous meal today. Don’t worry, I’ll get it right away.”

Shi Yu looked at the time. Good heavens, it was actually so late.

Usually, when he was meditating, days felt like years, and time passed very slowly. Now, he had just swiped his phone for a short while, and the sky was actually almost dark.

If the cell phone could evolve into a mechanical life form, it would most likely be able to awaken racial skills that could control time… like that TV show “Silly Girl”.

Eleven wasn’t the only one who was hungry. Shi Yu realized that he also felt a little hungry, so he quickly went to prepare the food.

A moment later.

Eleven’s Iron Bamboo pole, bamboo shoots, bamboo leaves, and Iron Heart Wood.

Shi Yu’s steamed buns and tomato egg soup.

The Green Silkworm’s vegetable leaves.

The three of them started eating their own food.

As they ate, Shi Yu asked Eleven, “Are you interested in field combat training?”

After returning from the battle hall the last time, Shi Yu had already thought of getting some field combat experience.

At the moment, this was probably the only thing that could put pressure on Eleven.

Although this training was said to be a field battle, the safety of the whole process was still guaranteed. After all, it was organized by the Association to train local Beast Tamers.

To be honest, he was still a little afraid of the mystic realm ruins to explore it. After all, he didn’t even know what was going on inside.

But if it was just field combat training, participating in it didn’t seem to be a big deal.

Firstly, he could continue to train his and Eleven’s combat abilities, and secondly, he could use this opportunity to see how the assessment was related to the ruins of the mystic realm.

“Wuu!!!”

Eleven raised its arms.

Charge! Charge! Charge!

Its eyes were bright, indicating that of course, it wanted to participate.

The whole point of tough training was to show off the results! Otherwise, it would be meaningless!

That Ice-Armored Beast and that group of Earth Rats couldn’t let it showcase all the training results.

The only thing that made it feel a little pressured was the Wind Demon Lion, but Eleven knew that he definitely couldn’t defeat it in the first place.

The Wind Demon Lion was of commander rank. The pressure created by a commander-rank creature was still very strong for an infant at the growth stage like Eleven.

Even worse, the pressure produced by monarch-rank creatures could directly kill low-level creatures.

After a pet reached the rank of monarch, it could automatically awaken its deterrence ability.

This was also why the deterrence skill duplicated by Shi Yu was referred to as the “kingly aptitude”. The act of mastering it wasn’t something just any creature could do.

To master this special ability of a monarch rank in advance meant that one had “the aptitude of a king”. A being with potential.

“Then let’s participate and take a look.”

Shi Yu nodded. Then, he looked at the Green Silkworm in the birdcage and said, “You too.”

“Ji??”

The Green Silkworm showed a confused and innocent expression.

“As far as I know, with the info I found using my cell phone… the evaluation criteria for the assessment in field combat basically depends on what kind of creature is defeated or what rare resources have been gathered.

“Of course, I’ll leave the fighting to Eleven, but gathering things can be done with your worm silk.” Shi Yu smiled.

For example, he couldn’t be bothered to pick those plants growing on a cliff or those resources protected by biological communities. Giving them to the Green Silkworm would be easiest. Stealing would definitely be more efficient than fighting.

“Ji!” The Green Silkworm lowered its head and started eating its “Last Supper”.

…

The next day.

Lu Qingyi came again.

She brought along identification documents representing Shi Yu’s status as a reserve member of Bureau Eleven.

At the same time, she also handed a bank card with 10 million yuan in savings to Shi Yu. As for the Bamboo Stone Dojo’s recommendation letter, it was nothing compared to the first two.

“With this certificate, you can have the authority to directly explore most of the ruins. For example, you can enter the Ping Cheng Ruins directly with it.

“As for the Ice Dragon Ruins in the snowy mountain… Well, I suggest that you should reach the abilities of a professional before exploring there. Otherwise, even if you wear a cold-proof suit, your physique definitely won’t be able to withstand that temperature.”

“Are there any bodyguards?” Shi Yu asked.

“You can apply for a bodyguard for the Ice Dragon Ruins on the snowy mountain, but not for this one that you triggered. I’ve said before that this ruin is relatively special, so, unfortunately, you can’t.” Lu Qingyi smiled.

Shi Yu’s eyelids twitched. “So what exactly is going on inside this ruin? You might as well tell me directly.”

The cracked stone statue was still waiting for him to restore the truth, but if it was too dangerous, he would have no choice but to do it next time.

“There’s no harm in telling you in advance.

“The predecessor of the mystic realm ruins is the Beast Taming Space of a Beast Tamer. You know this, right?”

Shi Yu nodded.

“Firstly, the space in this ruin is very unstable. According to an experiment, only trainee Beast Tamers can enter normally. If the Beast Tamer’s level is too high, the Beast Tamer’s space in the ruins will have a spatial rejection reaction.

“Of course, we can also forcefully develop it, but that could easily cause the space to collapse. That wouldn’t be worth it. After all, the most precious thing is the ruin itself.”

“I guessed it. Otherwise, the Ping Cheng District Association wouldn’t have been prepared to give a large number of Beast Tamers access to such an important ruin,” Shi Yu said.

“Then, this ruin is a challenge-type ruin. It should have been modified by that Beast Tamer postnatally. Its purpose was to train the new-generation Beast Tamers of their own tribe.

“After Beast Tamers enter, they will randomly arrive at an independent environment. No one can meet each other. Elemental creature clones will appear in the environment. Only by defeating them can they enter the next environment.

“It’s a little similar to a level challenge. At the moment, there are actually already Beast Tamers from the Ping Cheng Beast Tamer Troops who have entered to explore, but as for battle results…” Lu Qingyi shook her head.

The strength of the Beast Tamers in Ping Cheng was still too weak. Even if transcendent creatures didn’t appear in this ruin temporarily, they wouldn’t be able to clear it all.

If there were some Beast Tamer trainees from big cities, they would definitely be able to discover the secret of the ruins faster.

However, this ruin appeared in Ping Cheng after all. The priority of exploration should definitely belong to Ping Cheng. Then, it would be the other districts and counties in Icefield City. In the end, it would still be impossible to crack before multiple cities attempted it together.

“Is it dangerous inside?” Shi Yu asked the question he was most concerned about.

“According to the people who came out, those elemental creatures only aim to defeat their opponents, not kill them. But if the challenger is too weak, there will still be danger.

“Wait a minute. I’ll give you an address and an invitation number. Your ten million starting capital can buy cultivation resources through here. You’ll also get a certain discount.

“Use this ruin and this ten million yuan reasonably, and then go to the Bamboo Stone Dojo to learn for a period of time. I believe you can become a professional-level Beast Tamer very soon.

“In any case, don’t pay attention to the Ice Dragon Ruins first. Instead, use the ruins as your primary investigation target.”

Shi Yu said, “It still sounds a little dangerous… My Iron-Eating Beast is only at level five, and those elite clans’ Beast Tamers who are proficient in combat can probably defeat it. It’s useless even if I go.”

“If you want to investigate the historical truth of Icefield City, you don’t necessarily have to clear it. There should be some clues in every independent environment. Your listening talent should be very useful when the time comes,” Lu Qingyi said. “After all, this ruin appeared because of you. Of course… you should

still

have the most basic ability to protect yourself.

“Learning two new skills with your Iron-Eating Beast at the Bamboo Stone Dojo should be enough. It’s still too difficult with just a hardening ability.”

“Alright.” Shi Yu nodded.

“Then continue training for a while.”

He didn’t intend to enter directly with the identity of a member of Bureau Eleven. After all, there was no benefit to it. He would only receive more meaningless attention.

As expected… he should still participate in the Beast Tamer Association’s assessment first. It would put him more at ease to enter through this channel.

The criteria for passing this assessment should mean that one could survive safely in the ruins.

If he couldn’t even achieve satisfactory results for this assessment, he shouldn’t go to the ruins either. His life was more important.

Shi Yu slowly made plans for himself. Then, he quickly realized that something was wrong.

F*ck, didn’t he say that he wouldn’t touch ruins in this lifetime? What was with the anticipation and excitement…?