Chapter 31

Shi Yu rejected it in his heart. He was very resistant.

If it weren’t for archaeology, he wouldn’t have died. He was already traumatized.

At least… that’s how it was at the start.

However, what the other party said made Shi Yu a little concerned.

There were only 11 people in the entire Dong Huang Nation who could listen to the Voice of History?

It was rarer than legendary Beast Tamers, even rarer than totem guardians?

He looked at panda Eleven behind the tree. He didn’t expect for himself to be a national treasure

1

.

Only

eleven

people could listen to the Voice of History, and his beast was also named

Eleven

? How fated was he with this number?

Shi Yu temporarily threw away his useless thoughts. What he focused on was that since he was so rare, theoretically speaking, if he joined this organization, wouldn’t the treatment be very good?

Now that he had been exposed and the other party had come looking for him, he should at least try to understand them.

Shi Yu was silent for a moment before probing, “Then where are you inviting me to…? How are the benefits?”

Lu Qingyi smiled sweetly and said, “The benefits are naturally very good. Even if you become a Legendary-level Beast Tamer, you won’t receive benefits this good.

“Basically, after you become an official member of the organization, your status will be higher than a legendary Beast Tamer.

“If you want to explore some ruins, apply for a huge amount of resources, and get a legendary Beast Tamer to be your bodyguard… all of these are possible.”

Shi Yu opened his mouth slightly.

The president of the Beast Tamer Association in Icefield City was only a top-notch Master who had yet to reach Legendary-level.

Legendary-level was a super-level that meant one could control Overlord-level creatures.

They basically held important positions in first-level cities!

Was the place this woman wanted to invite him to join so impressive?

That would make sense… After all, according to the other party, those who mastered this talent were all high-end talents.

Even the mystic realm that a newbie like him accidentally summoned had such great value, let alone the people who did this as a profession.

From the sound of it… joining didn’t seem like a loss?

Being backed by this powerful organization was so cool.

He could get really far right at the starting line!

I, who was killed by archaeology in my previous life, shall rise from archaeology in this life?

Shi Yu was a little tempted because he was offered so much.

It sounded very tempting to directly become a Legendary-level big boss from a little Beast Tamer who wasn’t even a professional. Not to mention, he was carrying a loan.

“If I join, what are the obligations I’ll need to fulfill?”

“Almost none. The organization’s structure is very simple. There’s a lot of freedom, and the missions are all by choice. You won’t be forced.”

Lu Qingyi looked at the sky.

Although that was the case, would a Beast Tamer with such a talent choose to stay idle?

Whenever new information about the Mythical Ruins appeared, those who could listen to the Voice of History would definitely rush up immediately to assist in the exploration or become exploration leaders.

After all, normal people wouldn’t awaken this special ability at all.

“Really?” Shi Yu was stunned.

So easygoing?

In other words, as long as he controlled himself and didn’t court death, even if he joined, he wouldn’t have to go to any dangerous places to carry out missions?

On the contrary, if he wanted to court death occasionally and had needs, he could even apply for a large amount of resources, bodyguards, and information?

Shi Yu was a little tempted again.

“So the organization’s name is?”

“The Homeland Ruins Strategic Investigation and Backup Security Bureau can also be called Bureau Eleven according to their serial number. You can see it in this way — the members of this organization are special personnel from the archaeological world. The organization is a special department that specializes in handling various important ruins.”

Eleven again!

Shi Yu was already used to it. Names could be ignored.

After Lu Qingyi finished speaking, Shi Yu fell into deep thought.

The organization’s name sounded pretty powerful, so should he join?

After asking so much, the fact was that this organization had come looking for him. He had this special talent that could not be ignored. It seemed like it would be very difficult to settle the aftermath if he didn’t join.

“In that case, I’ll join.” In the end, Shi Yu let out a long sigh.

Joining was nothing!

Since there were no restrictions on his freedom, in the end, whether he courted death or not depended on himself. It was fine as long as he did things steadily.

He would never admit that he wanted to resume his old career.

“Doctor Lu, are you also a member of Bureau Eleven?”

“Well, including you and me, there would be a total of eleven people in Bureau Eleven. And welcome to the team. From today onwards, you are a reserve member of Bureau Eleven.” Lu Qingyi smiled for the second time, as if Shi Yu’s answer had satisfied her.

There were too few talents in this area. Every time she explored ruins, she would feel like she didn’t have enough hands.

And now, as she had personally unearthed a newbie, Lu Qingyi felt that when Shi Yu grew up in the future, she would have another useful tool to count on.

As the youngest person in Bureau Eleven, she also wanted to have someone who she could use like a tool, rather than helping her teacher run errands and being someone’s tool herself.

“Reserve member??” On the other hand, after Lu Qingyi finished speaking, Shi Yu suddenly felt that he had been tricked.

After further discussion, he discovered that the benefits seemed to all belong to official members.

“Yes, reserve. Every new member has to pass a test before they can become an official member after joining Bureau Eleven.”

“I—” Shi Yu was already regretting it when the other party’s next words made him nod immediately.

“In addition, your strength and abilities are also too weak at the moment. The organization will therefore provide you with ten million in starting funds. Your first task will be to grow quickly. At the very least, you have to become a professional Beast Tamer and accept the archaeological knowledge of the system.”

“No problem, I’ll definitely complete the mission.

“When can the funds be transferred?”

Compared to benefits such as the legendary Beast Tamer bodyguard, it was obvious that 10,000,000 yuan was more attractive to Shi Yu at the moment.

With this money, why would he need to nurture a Green Silkworm?! His plans couldn’t keep up with the changes!

Buggy, goodbye! You’re now free!

“Tomorrow,” Lu Qingyi said.

“Your credentials and funds will be in place tomorrow, but unless it’s a special situation, I suggest you don’t casually expose your identity as a member of Bureau Eleven.

“Otherwise, some foreign spies will make you so annoyed that you’ll explode.

“By the way, only Bureau Eleven knows that the descent of the ruins is related to you.

“Next, before you become an official member, I’ll be your contact with the organization. That’s all I have to say.”

Shi Yu nodded.

Don’t worry. I’m not a high-profile person!

Only 11 people in the country had this talent… As an important talent who could crack the secret of the ruins, he would definitely be easily targeted, not to mention him being so weak.

“I forgot to mention the most important thing. Your assessment mission is to investigate the truth of the history of Icefield City.

“There’s no time limit. After succeeding, you can become an official member. I’ve previously explored the Ice Dragon Ruins in the snow mountain, but due to the lack of key information, I couldn’t crack the mechanism. This time, there’s a new Icefield City ruins. Because of your appearance, it might be you who breaks this.”

Even if one had the talent to listen to the Voice of History, one couldn’t hear everything. One needed a certain “opportunity” to hear the echoes of history.

Lu Qingyi herself had failed, but Shi Yu had succeeded.

After Lu Qingyi’s investigation, she realized that it made sense. After all, Shi Yu was a native of Icefield City. It would be relatively more likely for him to be able to hear the Voice of History.

Shi Yu’s desire for the truth of this city was definitely deeper than hers. This assessment mission was practically created for Shi Yu.

“You want me to investigate the historical truth of Icefield City?” Shi Yu said. “But can I come into contact with that newly arrived mystic realm??”

“Sure. This mystic realm is a special type of ruin. Even if you don’t use your identity as a member of Bureau Eleven, there’s a high chance of you being able to enter. As for what to do next, it’s part of your assessment.”

Lu Qingyi continued, “Finally, as your referral, I’ll give you a gift on behalf of someone.”

In order to let Shi Yu grow quickly and become her assistant, she planned to pay him in advance.

“As for money, I don’t think you need it for the time being. Then, what should I get you? The manuals of secret skills that the Iron-Eating Beast can use? The special evolution method of the Green Silkworm? What about a high-level beast baby?