Chapter 32

“That Iron-Eating Beast panda cub should be your first pet, right?

“As for this Green Silkworm, is it your additional pet?”

The gift that Lu Qingyi planned to give would be chosen according to these two pets. She had long noticed the Iron-Eating Beast and the Green Silkworm.

The Iron-Eating Beast was fine. Shi Yu’s information showed that his initial pet was an Iron-Eating Beast, while the Green Silkworm was a discovery outside the information.

She could tell that this Green Silkworm probably didn’t contract with Shi Yu, which meant that it was currently in a wild state.

It was actually not a big deal to raise wild pets. Apart from the major breeding bases, many Beast Tamers with talent in telepathy liked to do that stuff.

Some Beast Tamers were restricted by levels and couldn’t contract more pets, but if they wanted to train more pets, the solution was very simple. It was fine as long as they didn’t actually contract with the beasts.

In any case, with the gift of telepathy, he could communicate with wild pets without any obstacles. As long as the relationship between the two parties was good, the contract was dispensable. The only pity was that it wouldn’t be able to enter the Beast Taming Space to grow quickly.

In Lu Qingyi’s opinion, this Green Silkworm should be an additional pet cultivated by Shi Yu.

It could be that he wanted to raise it for fun, or he wanted to nurture it into a Wind Crystal Butterfly and keep it for future contracts…

At least, based on her current observation, this Green Silkworm was cultivated very well. Its Worm Silk level shouldn’t be low, so it definitely wouldn’t be a problem for it to successfully evolve. As expected of a graduate from the Nursing specialization.

“Secret skill manual…? Special evolution method…? High-level pet cub?”

Originally, Shi Yu would have been very satisfied with the 10,000,000 yuan he was going to receive, but now that the other party wanted to give him something else, Shi Yu fell into deep thought.

The saying went that one shouldn’t accept gifts without doing anything.

Isn’t it a little bad to accept gifts frequently? Forget it, I’ve already received ten million yuan. What’s there to be reserved about?

He could have the secret manual of Iron-Eating Beast skills… Although his Eleven didn’t lack skills, the more the better.

Moreover, these would be skills with a normal source compared to how he got his other skills, so there would be no pressure to use them.

As for the Green Silkworm’s special evolution method that this woman was offering, he could accept it as well.

Initially, Shi Yu had already planned to release this little bug, but from the sound of it, this other option seemed quite appealing.

He had already taught it the Worm Silk skill so many times and raised it for so long. It would be a pity to let it go.

After raising it for so long, he didn’t even sell the worm silk once. What a loss… But if the Green Silkworm could evolve into a pretty good race, it could continue to work for him.

A high-level pet cub… In fact, Shi Yu also wanted a special pet to broaden his horizons. It would be best if it was a fantasy-type creature like those made up on Earth.

For example, Dragon Girl, Flower Fairy, Mermaid…

“Do we have to choose one out of three?” Shi Yu asked.

Lu Qingyi: “?”

“You want all of them?”

“I have to become stronger quickly in order to contribute to the archaeological cause…” Shi Yu said.

Lu Qingyi also fell into deep thought. She carefully looked at Shi Yu’s face and sized him up. She didn’t expect him to be so thick-skinned.

“Alright.” Lu Qingyi nodded.

Very good, then we’ll just consider it advance payment.

“You can’t contract with a high-level beast cub even if I give it to you now. We’ll talk about it after you become a high-level Beast Tamer.”

Currently, Shi Yu was a Beast Tamer trainee. He could only contract with one pet. After becoming an apprentice-rank Beast Tamer, he would be able to contract with a second one.

However, although the stats might be good enough, it was still a little insufficient for an apprentice Beast Tamer to contract with the high-level beast cub she mentioned. The level of their Beast Taming Space could not sustain the accelerated growth of high-level beast cubs.

Shi Yu: “…”

Indeed, even if he was given an extra cub now, he wouldn’t be able to contract with it.

“The Iron-Eating Beast’s skill manual… I don’t know much about Iron-Eating Beasts, but I heard that Ping Cheng’s Bamboo Stone Dojo has two skills suitable for them to learn.

“Tomorrow, I’ll give you a recommendation letter at the same time. You can then go to Bamboo Stone Dojo to learn from the owner at any time.”

Shi Yu: “…”

This was within the scope of his plan in the first place!

However, the previous plan was to go to the school to challenge and secretly learn some skills during the fight.

But now, it had become the personal teaching of a master-rank Beast Tamer, with proper and ethical learning methods.

The skill profundities of the Bamboo Stone Dojo were only imparted to personal disciples who joined the dojo. The number of people who mastered it was very small, and it was considered an internal inheritance. However, since the potential power of Eleven was so great, it wasn’t impossible for an outsider like Shi Yu who hadn’t joined the dojo to learn it.

“Alright.” Shi Yu nodded. That was fine too. Having a reasonable learning method was better than secretly copying it.

“Then there’s the evolution method… By the way, are you planning to nurture the Green Silkworm into a Wind Crystal Butterfly and contract with it?” Lu Qingyi took one last look at the Green Silkworm in the birdcage and asked.

“No, it’s just that the Green Silkworm is one of the most malleable pets. I can’t help but want to nurture it.”

In other words, the Green Silkworm’s worm silk was very malleable. There were different buyers based on different cultivation methods. He was very short on money and couldn’t help but want to nurture it.

Green Silkworm: “…”

Shi Yu had his own method of understanding things, but Lu Qingyi had another.

The Green Silkworm was indeed one of the most malleable pets. Among the known evolution routes, the Green Silkworm could evolve into the highest number of pet types.

As a complete mutated pet, according to different cultivation plans, during its first evolution, it could evolve into most moths and butterfly-type creatures. There were already dozens of known types.

Almost every researcher who studied evolution would use a pet like the Green Silkworm as the initial experiment subject.

The reason was also very simple. The cultivation period of the Green Silkworm was short, and the process of breaking out of the cocoon and becoming a butterfly was even like a lucky draw. Everyone was a gambler, and no one knew what would come out of the cocoon. That kind of anticipation felt very good.

“I won’t tell you about the transcendent evolution paths. I know three commander-rank evolution paths that are higher ranked than transcendent. You can choose.

“After successfully cultivating it, this Green Silkworm’s potential can leap past that little Iron-Eating Beast. It’s very suitable to be your second pet,” Lu Qingyi said.

Eleven: (.・`ω ́・) “Howl.”

Eleven, who was beside him, vaguely felt that someone was talking bad about it. It seemed to be that bad woman…

“Ji…”

The Green Silkworm was still silly and looked like it didn’t have a high IQ. It didn’t care about evolution either. After all, one couldn’t expect a worm to have the IQ of a mammal. Perhaps only evolution could make it smarter.

“Which three?”

“The three evolution paths respectively represent low-class commander rank, middle-class commander rank, and high-class commander rank. The evolution conditions also change from easy to difficult.

“First is the Ice Crystal Phoenix Butterfly, of low-class commander rank. The strongest racial skill that can be awakened is Blizzard.

“Next is the Ghost Beauty Butterfly, a middle-class commander-rank dark-element pet. It’s good at curses, sneak attacks, and assassinations.

“Then there’s the Goddess of Light Butterfly, a high-class commander-rank light-element pet. It can master all kinds of light and is proficient in illusions.

“Apart from certain specific materials and food, to evolve into these races, the minimum requirement is for the silkworm to reach expert-level before the cocoon is formed. Perfected-level would be best. This can maximize the potential of the pet during evolution.

“But it’s too difficult to nurture Worm Silk to perfected proficiency. There’s no need to force it.. After all, the life span and talent of the Green Silkworm are limited.”