Chapter 37

“Why are you here too?” Shi Yu raised his eyebrows and looked at Chen Kai.

This guy was so weak. The Ice-Armored Beast couldn’t even withstand Eleven’s attack previously.

What was it doing here?

“What’s wrong with me? It’s not just me. Most of the students in our class are here. The teachers are pretty encouraging. Did you know that after we left that day, that stone statue in the garden exploded that night? How exciting!”

Yes, I remember how exciting that was…

Shi Yu scratched his cheek.

What else could he say? He couldn’t possibly say that he was the one who had caused the explosion, right?

Even that mystic realm ruin was something he caused by talking to the statue.

“By the way, your training method is pretty useful. My Ice-Armored Beast is already level seven.”

Chen Kai thanked Shi Yu. He had worked hard before realizing how great his and the Ice-Armored Beast’s potential was.

He had long wanted to thank Shi Yu. He had had a premonition that Shi Yu would definitely come for this assessment, so he had paid attention to his surroundings in advance. He didn’t expect to really bump into him.

In short, this week was too fulfilling.

“I advise you to control yourself.” Shi Yu’s face was rather speechless.

Your story has spread all over the pharmacy in Ping Cheng! Stop it!

He didn’t want to be the culprit behind the destruction of the country’s youth.

“Yes, I have control.”

Chen Kai looked up at the sky. In short, the assessment this time would depend on his performance.

In order to find Shi Yu, Chen Kai deliberately didn’t follow the students who came to participate in the training earlier. On the way to the training base with Shi Yu, Chen Kai said, “I heard that there are a hundred applicants in each batch for a training site. Teacher Zhang revealed that only those who are ranked in the top twenty of each training base can enter the ruins.

“To be honest, I’m a little unsure…”

“One-fifth? That’s not low.” Shi Yu walked beside him and said, “Don’t worry, you’re an excellent student.”

If it was a level-six Ice-Armored Beast, it might be difficult, but Shi Yu didn’t expect Chen Kai to really break through by using all those Refreshing Capsules…

The current environment was too complicated.

Chen Kai blushed.

Son of a b*tch.

After all, he had already realized back then how he was a shitty top student.

After witnessing Shi Yu’s strength, he knew that he could only be impressive in school. He couldn’t compare to the Beast Tamers outside.

However, although he said he wasn’t confident, Chen Kai was still a little confident.

Although his Ice-Armored Beast was only level seven, its strength wasn’t weak.

Shi Yu’s Iron-Eating Beast’s growth level was even lower, wasn’t it?

But its strength was similarly ridiculous.

The growth level of an Awakening Stage pet didn’t mean anything at all.

A level-ten Green Silkworm, without any training, might not even be as strong as a dog!

This growth level was at most a reference. The battle-power test was still the various training conditions of the Beast Tamer on the pets. Otherwise, there would be no need to organize any combat assessment. Everyone could just compete for levels.

“By the way, have you participated in similar events before?” Shi Yu asked again.

“The school organized it once, but the scale was definitely incomparable to this time.” Chen Kai shook his head and asked, “What about you?”

“First time.”

“That’s right. You’re from the Feeding specialization. You definitely wouldn’t have participated in it before…”

Shi Yu nodded. After transmigrating, this was indeed his first time coming to such a relatively dangerous place. At this moment, even his cells could not help but feel excited.

Sigh… I’m indeed a restless person.

A moment later, the two of them arrived at the inner area of the training base. At this moment, there were more than fifty Beast Tamers who had already arrived.

Currently, these Beast Trainer trainees carrying backpacks were talking in groups of two or three.

In the distance, five Beast Tamers in green camouflage clothes were talking to each other. They seemed to be the people in charge of this training.<segment 3348 ¶>

The surroundings became noisier and noisier. Eleven, who was sleeping soundly in the Beast Taming Space and preparing for a big battle, was still alright. It couldn’t feel anything, but the Green Silkworm in Shi Yu’s backpack subconsciously woke up from its sleep and hurriedly breathed through the gap in the backpack.

“Are the two girls from before here?” Shi Yu looked around and asked Chen Kai.

Chen Kai said, “That Yu Jingjing had some ideas, but she was dissuaded by her parents. As for Zhuang Yue, it’s already difficult for her Iron-Eating Beast to catch a rat, let alone participate in the training…”

Those who dared to sign up to participate in the wilderness training were actually considered brave warriors. After all, this training wasn’t completely without danger. Therefore, looking over, there were indeed not many female students. After all, even if they didn’t include dangerous creatures, the ordinary animals like bugs and snakes could already persuade a large number of people to leave.

“Chen Kai, come here. What are you doing over there?!”

Just as Chen Kai finished speaking, a few people suddenly called out to him from afar. Chen Kai hurriedly said to Shi Yu, “My classmate. Um, I’ll go over first. See you later.”

“Sure.” Shi Yu nodded.

Then, Chen Kai jogged over. Shi Yu continued to look around.

He mainly observed the group of Beast Tamers in camouflage clothes and was curious about their identities.

Were they the Beast Tamers hired by the security company or the Beast Troops?

The former were only workers, while the latter were more like soldiers on Earth.

Actually, for ordinary people with poor family backgrounds who wanted to become Beast Tamers, joining the Beast Tamer Association’s Beast Tamer Corps was also a pretty good choice.

After passing the evaluation in all aspects and entering the new recruits’ training camps, the officials would distribute the cubs all together and then set the Beast Tamers and their pets up for cultivation.

During this period, all the costs were provided by the association.

After the training ended, they could also be assigned work by the officials, such as guarding the city walls in various places or cleaning the wilderness.

There were advantages and disadvantages to this method. The advantage was that it could fulfill the dreams of people who couldn’t otherwise become Beast Tamers, but the disadvantage was that they might lose some freedom. It was their first duty to obey orders, and the pets didn’t completely belong to them.

His predecessor had also considered this path back then, but it was very difficult for ordinary people to withstand such harsh training, so in the end, the original Shi Yu had given up.

“Beep!”

“Silence—!!!”

As Shi Yu observed his surroundings, in the distance, a square-faced middle-aged man took out a whistle and blew hard. The loud sound immediately attracted the attention of all the Beast Tamers present.

“Time’s up. Everyone present, maintain silence. Immediately line up in an orderly manner to sign the safety notice!

“During this process, listen to me explain the things to take note of in this assessment.

“Firstly, I’m the overall person in charge of the assessment at this time. I, Zhou Wanshan, will be in charge of your assessment. There are also four other professional Beast Tamers and a group of security personnel.

“I won’t say any more nonsense. Next, after you’ve signed the form about taking responsibility for your own safety, we’ll give each of you a monster index.

“There are a large number of ferocious beasts and rare resources in Mount Tian Mang. All their types are recorded in this illustrated booklet, and they have corresponding points. Hunting ferocious beasts and collecting rare resources is the way for you to obtain points and increase your ranking in the assessment!

“In addition, before you enter, we will issue a location tracking device. There are a large number of safe sites that we have set up inside Mount Tian Mang for you. Security personnel will be stationed there. If you encounter any danger and want to give up the assessment, you can choose to call for help.

“At the same time, your spoils of war can also be transferred to the security guards at a safe site midway. They will be in charge of recording your results.

“What you need to do is to obtain as many points as possible within three days. In the end, the Beast Tamers ranked in the top twenty can obtain the right to enter the ruins!”

This instructor called Zhou Wanshan had shouted at the top of his voice so that every Beast Tamer could hear the important points clearly.

Behind him, the other four professional instructors smiled as they sized up this group of newbies, recalling the scene of their first experience.

“The average age isn’t that old. Quite a couple of them look chubby? Is that really okay?”

“Sigh, I also want to return to the trainee level. This ruin is so f*cked up. The high-level Beast Tamers actually aren’t allowed to enter.”

The instructors cursed.

Otherwise, why would this group of pampered newbies get such a good opportunity?

“Cut the crap. Don’t relax. Do our job well. Don’t let any casualties happen during this training.”

The five professional Beast Tamers, together with a bunch of security personnel and technicians, were all in charge of this assessment.

As they evaluated this batch of candidates, Shi Yu had already signed the form about taking responsibility for his own safety. He also received a wristwatch-like positioning call device and a photo album.

The function of the wristwatch was very simple. Shi Yu wore it casually after understanding it a little, but his focus was on the monster index.

Shi Yu flipped to the first page of the booklet. It actually recorded his old friend, the Earth Rat.

Hunting this thing could earn 20 points.

He continued to flip through it. It seemed that the fewest points that could be given was 20 points. This Earth Mouse really didn’t have much respect.

But it was also true. Apart from the Earth Mouse, the other creatures like Red-Crowned Snakes, Great Blade Mantis, Man-Eating Grass, and Thorn Monsters only gave a few more hunting points, but their names sounded like they weren’t to be trifled with.

As Shi Yu flipped to the last few pages of the ferocious beast catalog, he discovered that the ferocious beasts that appeared were getting more and more ridiculous.

[Name]: Mad Python

[Attribute]: Water

[Level of Growth]: Level 10 Awakening

[Race Level]: Mid-level transcendent

[Race Skills]: Berserk, Torrent Tail

[Introduction]: Green Water Lake and Little Mang Lake are located on the map. There are two of them. It’s extremely dangerous. It’s not recommended to hunt.

[Points]: 4000

Shi Yu: “?”

These guys didn’t recommend hunting them… but they were still assigning 4,000 points to them?

That was equivalent to 200 Earth Mice…

Although he was complaining, Shi Yu naturally understood that it was not recommended for weak Beast Tamers to hunt.

It was specially labeled as prey prepared for those Beast Tamers who were confident in their abilities.

Shi Yu continued flipping through a few more pages and discovered that there were several Boss-type prey like Mad Python marked in the book.

To be honest, that Mad Python’s Berserk Transformation skill was pretty good. After using it, it could increase its strength and speed completely. The disadvantage was that it would lose its mind.

But if he could increase the proficiency to Perfected Level, it should be able to overcome the shortcomings, right?

A Berserker Iron-Eating Beast?

The training base really was a different place. Such a skill couldn’t be found at the farms near Icefield City.

“Huh?” Shi Yu, who was still reading the booklet, suddenly stopped.

He saw a strange creature.

[Name]: Electric Slime

[Attribute]: Thunder

[Level of Growth]: Level 10 Awakening

[Race Level]: Mid-level transcendent

[Race Skills]: Multiplication, Electricity

[Introduction]: The Magnetic Mountain Range is on the map. There are three of them, and they are extremely dangerous. Hunting is not recommended.

[Points]: 4000

“Slime?”

Shi Yu felt that the training base really knew how to play. It was just like how the Iron-Eating Beasts were unique creatures of Dong Huang. Slimes were unique creatures of other countries, but there weren’t any in Dong Huang.

In order to broaden the horizons of the Beast Tamers, the training base had even captured this thing to be a Boss?

“Wait, this Multiplication…!” Shi Yu was suddenly attracted by the Slime’s skill again.

If he remembered correctly, this Multiplication was a skill that could let the creature control its size at will.

It could shrink or expand.

In the shrunken state, it could maximize the preservation of physical fitness and increase the speed of physical recovery.

The enlarged state was a state of extreme energy consumption, sacrificing speed in exchange for greater strength!

“This skill seems to be very suitable for Eleven? I wonder if I can learn it…”

The size of the Iron-Eating Beast was still too small. It was only two meters even when it reached adulthood. It was still alright now, but if it faced those huge beasts that were dozens of meters tall at every turn in the future, it was a little too small…

On the other hand, if he could learn this Multiplication, Shi Yu could easily imagine the scene of a huge Iron-Eating Beast tearing apart a huge dragon with its bare hands.

Then, in the blink of an eye, it would be another scene of a small Iron-Eating Beast panda cub being held in his hand. This skill was equivalent to giving a pet three forms.

That was, the shrunken state for preserving physical fitness and accelerating energy recovery, the normal state for both strength and speed, and the huge transformation for extreme strength enhancement!