Chapter 38

“I want this Multiplication skill!”

Slimes were mud-like creatures that could become bigger and smaller, so only the Slimes would frequently have multiplication skills.

There were very few transcendent creatures who had mastered the Multiplication skill, so it was very difficult to encounter them.

Therefore, Shi Yu had no intention of letting go of a Slime if he managed to encounter one.

Even a monkey like Sun Wukong could learn that Lawful Embodiment of Heaven and Earth skill and turn itself into a giant monkey… so it’s not that unscientific for his panda to learn Multiplication!

In short, this was a universal skill. All pets were suitable to learn it. It was not a loss to keep it.

“Everyone, listen up!”

After searching for a proper skill to obtain for a long time, Shi Yu finally felt that he couldn’t miss this one. At this moment, the professional Beast Tamer, Zhou Wanshan, who was in charge of training, suddenly shouted.

“The training will officially begin in half an hour. In this half an hour, you can still go to the store beside the training base to replenish your food and medicine.

“But after entering Mount Tian Mang, except for some special circumstances, you can’t come out again for three days.”

In any case, everyone only had one backpack. How many items they could store would depend on the candidate’s own arrangements.

Shi Yu had naturally prepared the basic items, but they wouldn’t last more than three days. He would still have to find the follow-up food after entering Mt. Tian Mang. At the same time, he also prepared a sleeping bag and a tool worm.

At this moment, Shi Yu started to feel helpless. If only the Beast Taming Space could store other things… It was so troublesome without spatial equipment.

Speaking of which, was there spatial storage in this world?

This was a question worth considering… If there was, he had to get one in the future.

We-boys-have-to-get-what-we-want.jpg.

Right, that mystic realm ruins in Ping Cheng looked like a very large spatial storage? It could even contain non-living things.

Shi Yu fell into deep thought.

“Shi Yu.”

Just as Shi Yu was wondering if the mystic realm ruins could also belong to him, Chen Kai suddenly came over.

“Do you want to form a team?” Chen Kai asked immediately. “Our class plans to form a team to hunt the Mad Python.

“My Ice-Armored Beast can play control. There’s someone in the class with a thunder-element pet who can blow up fish in a lake…”

Shi Yu asked, “You can also team up this time? How do we split the loot?”

Chen Kai said, “In any case, the examiner didn’t say no. It should be possible. Don’t the lakes around the Mad Python still have rare resources? It should be enough.”

Shi Yu shook his head and said, “No, you guys go ahead. I have other goals.”

He felt that following these guys might not be as efficient as him going solo, and it was also inconvenient.

“Ah, I see. Alright.”

Although Chen Kai wanted to team up with Shi Yu more, he couldn’t help but feel a sense of pity since he and his classmates had already agreed to act together.

Regarding whether or not candidates were allowed to form teams, there were indeed no clear rules in the training base. However, the only similarity was that both the lone wolves and some small teams had their eyes on the few small Bosses whose growth levels were above level-nine and were few in number.

If he took down one of them, perhaps he would be in the top 20.

Next, Shi Yu went to the store to buy an insulation glove. Before long, he returned.

It was still early to set off, so Shi Yu simply continued to read the monster index on the spot.

He had only flipped through the Fierce Beast section just now and had yet to look at the resource section. Collecting resources also gave points. Overall, it was similar to the assessments in the past years.

Well… apart from the ferocious beasts and resources, there were also two more pages.

“Have You Learned a Daily Survival Technique?”

Time passed very quickly. In the blink of an eye, half an hour passed. The person in charge of the training gathered everyone again.

“Currently, it’s ten in the morning. Everyone, set off immediately. You’re free to climb the mountain from the four entrances.”

There was a blockade around Mt. Tian Mang, with only four entrances and exits in the area. The environments of the different entrances and exits would be different.

All the Beast Tamers present had studied the map carefully. They also had hunting targets in mind, so they also had some idea of which one they should go to.

Therefore, as soon as Zhou Wanshan finished speaking, the 100 Beast Tamers immediately dispersed.

At the same time, a certain number of mechanical birds the size of sparrows started to fly up from the training base and the safe areas in the mountain. They started to circle above Mt. Tian Mang.

[Race]: Mechanical Bird

[Attribute]: Machinery

[Race Level]: Low-Level Transcendent

[Race Skills]: Image Storage, Acceleration

<Notes>: Artificial mechanical life that is used to track, investigate, and monitor.

After the mechanical bird flew up, the situation at the various locations of Mt. Tian Mang started to clearly appear on the big screens in the monitoring room and various monitoring rooms in the training base.

Especially those ferocious beasts with higher growth levels, they were all important targets for monitoring.

This was not only to ensure the safety of the trainees but also to see their performance more directly. The viewing process was also one of the few pleasures these examiners had.

Wouldn’t it be too boring to directly wait for the assessment results?

At the foot of Mt. Tian Mang, at a certain midway point, was the entrance of the Magnetic Mountain area. Shi Yu and about twenty beast trainers chose to enter from there.

As for Chen Kai and the others, they entered from another direction and prepared to form a team to hunt the Mad Python.

“Eleven, come out.”

The outermost area of Mt. Tian Mang must have been cleaned up. There were basically no ferocious beasts lingering around, so most Beast Tamers chose to summon their pets here and have them as protection.

It was the same for Shi Yu. He had seen it before. There were many rare spiritual plants on this mountain. There was no need to be afraid that Eleven would exhaust his physical strength. He could let Eleven eat as he walked, so he should be able to maintain the basic physical consumption.

“Huh?”

At this moment, after coming out of the Beast Taming Space, Eleven looked around in confusion.

Was this the place?

Where were the opponents? Where were the opponents?

“I’ll bring you to find them.” Shi Yu was still very confident in the Little Iron-Eating Beast’s strength.

The ferocious beasts here could be said to be wild creatures that had not undergone training. Most of their battle power might be a little inferior to the pets carefully cultivated by Beast Tamers.

Although his Little Metal-Eating Beast was only level-six, with its proficient-level Super Vision, High-Speed Healing, and proficient-level Hardening, its battle power should be at the top of the food chain…

As long as they didn’t encounter a group of ferocious beasts, they were invincible.

“Wuuu~”

Eleven waved and followed beside Shi Yu.

Shi Yu added, “By the way, pay attention to your surroundings.”

Unlike its vision, the Iron-Eating Beast’s sense of smell was very good…

However, Eleven had both!

With this assurance, they could basically relax and not encounter any sudden danger.

Now, it was time to train Eleven in this area.

The final objective was the Magnetic Mountain area’s Electric Slime!

After the pet summoning, Shi Yu’s next target was very clear as he advanced towards the mountain.

He glanced at the map in the booklet. To reach his destination, he would first have to pass through the Wild Boar Forest…

A ferocious beast named “Longthorn Wild Boar” lived in this forest. It had extraordinary strength and looked fierce. Its fangs were sharp; its skin was thick, and it was covered in spikes that could defend against attacks like a hedgehog. It was a medium-level transcendent creature that would scare a child to tears, but its meat was fresh and juicy.

Shi Yu was still young at heart. Tears involuntarily flowed down the corners of his mouth.

According to the book, the average growth level of the Longthorn Wild Boar in the Wild Boar Forest was at the sixth level of Awakening. They were considered to be the backbone of the training segment.

The Longthorn Wild Boars probably weren’t creatures to be trifled with. Their battle power wasn’t weak, so the points assigned to them weren’t low either. However, the more it was like this, the more Shi Yu was delighted.

“Eleven, I’ll bring you to hunt pigs!”

“Wuuu~”

…

Wild Boar Forest.

The Longthorn Wild Boars were transcendent creatures that lived in groups. But in most cases, in fixed environments, they hunted separately, which gave the Beast Tamers here an opportunity.

Dealing with a group of wild boars would definitely be a headache, but just dealing with one alone, most of the Beast Tamers participating in the assessment this time should have some confidence.

Shi Yu and Eleven traversed a forest path and arrived near the Wild Boar Forest. During this period, they encountered other creatures, but they were all Earth Rats worth 20 points. Shi Yu was not interested at all.

It was too troublesome to travel with a bunch of burdens for dozens of points. There were even creatures that did not give points, such as Green Silkworms, that Shi Yu was even more unwilling to take another look at.

“Found it.”

However, just as he arrived near the Wild Boar Forest, Shi Yu discovered a long-spined wild boar foraging at the edge.

[Race]: Longthorn Wild Boar

[Attribute]: Earth

[Race Level]: Mid-Level Transcendent

[Race Skill]: Petrifying Fangs

<Notes>: Mutated beast evolved from a wild boar. It’s good at Sudden Pig Charge and is very strong. When its fangs hit, it can petrify the enemy.

“Phhh! Phhh!! Phhh!!”

It wasn’t only Shi Yu and the others who discovered the Longthorn Wild Boar. The wild boar had also discovered Shi Yu and the others.

The natural enemies of the Longthorn Wild Boar were ferocious beasts such as wolves, bears, leopards, and ferocious birds. Therefore, they had to be wary of any sudden attacks. They were very smart, fierce, and very vigilant.

At this moment, it sensed danger and raised its head. The long spikes on its body suddenly protruded as it let out a grunt of warning.

The Longthorn Wild Boar, which often lived in the wild, knew very well that it might have been locked onto by some hunters.

It started searching cautiously, but when it saw the thin and weak Shi Yu and the even smaller Iron-Eating Beast panda cub, Eleven, it was immediately stunned.

That was it?

Tears of shock involuntarily flowed down the corners of the Longthorn Wild Boar’s mouth. Wild boars were omnivorous animals. They ate plants and meat. To the current Longthorn Wild Boar, it only felt that the situation had suddenly reversed!

The Hunter is actually me!

Food had come knocking on his door!