Chapter 40

Expert-level skills were clearly unscientific on a two-year-old Iron-Eating Beast panda cub.

Iron-Eating Beasts were not pets that liked to train in the first place, so the skill proficiency on most of them was not very high. Most of the time, they relied on their strong physiques to defeat their opponents, not their skills.

Even if this Iron-Eating Beast started training when it was in its mother’s womb, it would still be too ridiculous. It was fine if this was an adult Iron-Eating Beast, but the key was that it was a cub.

“Shi… Yu… I think that’s his name. Do you know him? I remember you studied at Bamboo Stone Dojo. Is he from your dojo?”

A person beside held the name list and asked the security guard who Shi Yu was.

“No… I’ve never heard of him,” the security guard said.

The few of them looked at each other.

So, what was going on with this Shi Yu and this little Iron-Eating Beast?

“A Green Silkworm?”

At this moment, another painful scene appeared on the screen.

On Shi Yu’s side, Eleven had already successfully defeated the four long-spined wild boars.

At this moment, it was the Green Silkworm’s turn again. It crawled out of Shi Yu’s backpack and used all its strength to spit out worm silk to tie up the boars.

“Isn’t he a Beast Tamer trainee? Why does he have a second pet?”

Seeing the Green Silkworm, the few of them were even more surprised.

“Maybe it’s just an additional pet without a contract?”

It wasn’t that no Beast Tamer had done this before, but for ordinary Beast Tamers, this was too difficult.

It was alright to raise a pet like a pet cat or a pet dog, but if one wanted to nurture a battle pet that understood commands and was willing to fight, it was very difficult without contracting with it. It was probably equivalent to the difference between a pet dog and a police dog.

It was only because Shi Yu had the gift of telepathy that the Green Silkworm could understand his meaning slightly. Otherwise, this Green Silkworm would definitely not be as obedient as it was now.

“This candidate is awesome. Not only does he have such a strong Iron-Eating Beast cub, he even raised an additional Green Silkworm.”

“I think this Green Silkworm Silk’s level isn’t low either. It’s inevitable that it will evolve into a Wind Crystal Butterfly.”

“Brothers, let’s bet on a cigarette. I bet they can rank in the top three of this assessment.”

The security guards at the security area’s monitoring room started talking noisily.

“Alright, alright.”

“Forget about him for now. Someone’s already injured.”

But soon, the discussion stopped. The few of them were reprimanded by a serious security guard.

It was time for work right now, so they couldn’t place all their attention on Shi Yu. It was good enough that they knew that Shi Yu wasn’t there to court death. The other Beast Tamers also needed a certain amount of attention paid to them.

This… Although the training had just begun, there were already Beast Tamers and pets injured. They had to deal with it quickly.

Wild Boar Forest.

“Big harvest.”

Shi Yu and his pets still didn’t know that their battle results had already been noticed by a portion of the security personnel.

At this moment, he was happily looking at the tied-up long-spined wild boars. He was in a good mood. Very good. He had 1,750 points now.

These points didn’t look that difficult to obtain…

Compared to points, Shi Yu was hungrier for the meat of the Longthorn Wild Boar.

Previously, he was fortunate enough to have eaten spicy stir-fried wild boar meat once in the canteen of the Iron Bamboo Breeding Base in Icefield City. He wondered how it would taste if it was handled by him…

“Speaking of which, the spoils of war should be edible, right?” Shi Yu looked at Eleven, who shook its head.

“Wuu!”

I don’t know. Don’t ask me.

It was only in charge of fighting and wasn’t interested in wild boar meat.

Compared to wild boar meat, it was more concerned about the bamboo shoots in Shi Yu’s backpack.

“Gulp…”

After the battle, Eleven’s stomach rumbled.

Although it was very fierce, it was still a cub after all. The consumption from such a battle was also very high.

“I know, I know.” Shi Yu took out two sections of sliced Iron Bamboo shoots and threw them to Eleven.

At the same time, Shi Yu also placed the Green Silkworm on the tree trunk and said, “Go and find some leaves to settle yourself. I don’t think there are any spiritual plants in this wild boar forest…”

After vomiting so much silk, the Green Silkworm must have consumed as much as Eleven.

Green Silkworm: “…”

Shi Yu and the others rested for about twenty minutes before continuing deeper.

This time, dragging five Longthorn Wild Boars was a little difficult even for Eleven.

Shi Yu, of course, had no problems letting this training-addict panda carry the load. He treated it as him exercising too.

Next, they had to continue passing through the Wild Boar Forest and reach the nearest safe area.

Then, after passing through that safe area, they could head to the Magnetic Mountain area for the Electric Slime.

In front, Shi Yu and Eleven were pulling two ropes made of worm silk. The Green Silkworm was lying in the backpack behind him to replenish its strength because it might need to tie up wild boars later.

After walking for another five minutes, Eleven suddenly stopped.

“There’s a wild boar?” Shi Yu asked.

Eleven nodded.

Then, Shi Yu heard a commotion not far away.

However, when he heard the sound, Shi Yu’s expression was odd.

This sound was similar to the cry of a wild boar, but not entirely.

Instead, it sounded more like a human scream!

“Ahhh, run! There’s a tree in front! Run to the tree!”

“F*ck, why are there suddenly ten Longthorn Wild Boars? How do we fight them?”

Before long, Shi Yu saw clearly that it was a group of wild boars chasing after two people.

Beside the two of them, there was also a level-six Icefield Hound and a level-seven Snow Stripe Mink running together.

Using the terrain and their skills, the Icefield Hound and Snow Stripe Mink would interfere with the wild boar group’s speed from time to time, creating an opportunity for them to flee.

As for the Longthorn Wild Boars behind, their levels were all above six. It was probably very difficult for two to defeat 10, and these pets clearly didn’t number 11. It was no wonder that the two Beast Tamers would run away crazily.

They didn’t dare to face such a large pack of Longthorn Wild Boars, but they didn’t want to give up the assessment by seeking help. They could only run and decide what to do later.

The nearby trees were all very thick, and the Longthorn Wild Boars wouldn’t be able to knock them down for some time. As long as they climbed onto the trees, the wild boars would be at their wits’ end.

“Wait, there seems to be someone ahead.” A Beast Tamer who was running suddenly saw Shi Yu in front.

“Ugh, phhh, phhh!!!”

“Phhh! Phhh! Phhh!!!”

It wasn’t just them. The group of Longthorn Wild Boars also smelled these newcomers.

“Ten at once?” Shi Yu and Eleven stood there. Shi Yu was calculating the chances of Eleven winning against 10 Longthorn Wild Boars…

Ordinary Longthorn Wild Boars couldn’t break through Eleven’s defense in his hardened state. Even if they did, it could still heal at a high speed. Therefore, it would be a test of Eleven’s physical strength.

“Forget it, what am I overthinking about?” Shi Yu quickly shook his head. This was because when this group of pragmatic wild boars saw their companions on the ground and being dragged in a pile, they immediately turned and ran without a word. They had no intention of fighting at all.

“Ugh, phhh, phhh!!!”

“Phhh! Phhh! Phhh!!!”

Let’s run for it!

At a distance, the group of wild boars scattered and escaped, directly leaving the two Beast Tamer trainees, the Icefield Hound, and the Snow Stripe Mink stunned on the spot.

“They ran away? They stopped chasing?”

Right on the heels of that, they saw Shi Yu and the little Iron-Eating Beast walking over slowly with the five Longthorn Wild Boars’ spoils of war.

The scene was extremely striking.

“Oh my!” the Icefield Hound’s Beast Tamer exclaimed and looked at the spoils of war dragged by Shi Yu in disbelief.

He had some impression of Shi Yu. They had entered Mt. Tian Mang through the same entrance together. It had only been such a short period of time, so what was with the pile of Longthorn Wild Boars behind Shi Yu??

At this moment, the Snow Stripe Mink’s Beast Tamer also noticed why the group of Longthorn Wild Boars had run away. It was because at this moment, Shi Yu and his pet, who were dragging a group of Longthorn Wild Boars, had an especially strong aura. Even he was shocked, let alone the boars.

“If you want to find lone Longthorn Wild Boars, go to the periphery. Don’t go deep into the forest.”

After Shi Yu passed by them, he casually reminded them and continued to drag a bunch of Longthorn Wild Boars with Eleven.

“I understand. Thank you, big boss.”

The two of them hurriedly thanked him, but after being chased by the wild boars, they temporarily had no intention of hunting anymore. They planned to go to the safe area to rest first.

After taking a breath on the spot, they chose to follow far behind Shi Yu. After all, the path Shi Yu took was the path that would allow them to safely pass through the forest and reach the safe zone.

Following that, because they were dragging the five Longthorn Wild Boar spoils of war, the other Longthorn Wild Boars completely treated Shi Yu and the others as top-level hunters. No matter how easy it might look to bully Shi Yu and Eleven, no wild boar dared to approach them.

As for dragging so many Longthorn Wild Boars along, Shi Yu temporarily had no intention of taking the initiative to find trouble with the boars. It was almost afternoon now, and he still hadn’t had time to eat lunch. It was better to directly go to the safe area to submit the boars.

After spending some time, Shi Yu and the others finally arrived at a small safe area surrounded by wood and thorns. It looked like a small village.

When Shi Yu arrived, there were already five to six people there. It was unknown if they had passed through the Wild Boar Forest or directly walked through the safer paths.

There were no extra houses in the safe area, only the monitoring room and the infirmary, so the candidates could only sit and rest for a short while under the straw shed outside.

At this moment, half of the candidates who were resting outside looked pretty normal, but the other half were covered in dust.

Shi Yu even saw a young man whose clothes were dyed red and whose arm was tied with a white bandage.

Was he attacked by a wild boar?

There was also a Beast Tamer with a scab on his face. This scab looked like a scar.

What the f*ck, was he disfigured by the Great Blade Mantis and then healed?

Because of the existence of healing-type pets, as long as the candidate didn’t die on the spot, the chances of saving him were still pretty high… Although that was the case, when Shi Yu saw the two to three bandaged Beast Tamers, he still subconsciously swallowed his saliva.

How miserable… It was kinda scary.

Shi Yu felt that this group of injured people was dispelling his motivation to continue hunting the level 10 Boss.

“This…” When Shi Yu entered, his gaze swept across the candidates who had already arrived at the safe area. The candidates were also paying attention to Shi Yu who had just entered.

When the six people saw Shi Yu and the little Iron-Eating Beast dragging five Longthorn Wild Boars in, their eyes immediately widened as though they had seen something unbelievable.

One, two, three, four, five… Did they count wrongly? Five?

After taking a closer look, they were certain that Shi Yu had entered alone.

In other words, Shi Yu had hunted five Longthorn Wild Boars alone?

Where did this god come from…?!

Although the Longthorn Wild Boar wasn’t the most powerful ferocious beast on Mt. Tian Mang, not everyone could easily hunt five consecutive wild boars in one go. After all, the pet’s physical strength was limited, and not much time had passed.

“You’re finally here.”

At this moment, a security guard in a blue uniform walked out of the control room and said, “We’ve been watching you through the surveillance cameras for a while now. Your Iron-Eating Beast is very strong.

“Do you want to register your points? I’ll help you register.”

Shi Yu looked over and nodded. “Yes, please. By the way, can I eat this wild boar?”

The security guard was stunned. “How do you want to eat it?”

“Roasted?”

“I advise you not to eat it. The meat of the Longthorn Wild Boar is indeed delicious, but that has to be processed through multiple procedures.”

“This…” Shi Yu was greatly disappointed.

Then, he could only eat the braised beef instant noodles in his backpack?

He had originally wanted to eat well here and then go replicate the skill in the afternoon…

…

At the training base of Mt. Tian Mang.

In the main control room.

Unlike the situation where each safe area of Mt. Tian Mang only needed to monitor fixed areas, this place had to pay attention to the situation of the entire Mt. Tian Mang, so it didn’t have a very good oversight over the situation of individual candidates.

However, as they looked at the points transmitted in real-time from the safe areas, the five professional Beast Tamers here quickly knew which contestants had performed very well.

At the moment, the first place on the big screen was a Beast Tamer named Xie Fei. He had 1,500 points. Not long after he entered Mt. Tian Mang, he had successfully hunted a Rockback Lizard that had grown to level nine.. He had been in first place for a long time.