Chapter 43 - Replication And Multiplication

Chapter 43: Replication and Multiplication

“What are these two guys doing?”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The magnetic mountain area was clearly also an area focused on by the staff.

In the monitoring room of the training base headquarters, as Shi Yu temporarily obtained first place in points through the five Longthorn wild boars, he also became the main focus of the five professional Beast Tamers.

On a whim, a professional Beast Tamer searched for Shi Yu’s figure on the surveillance cameras, but he really found him.

However, Shi Yu’s current behavior was really unfathomable.

On the screen, Shi Yu and the Iron-eating Beast were like bullies, charging into the territories of thunder-element ferocious beasts.

Then, the little Iron-Eating Beast defeated the thunder-element ferocious beast in a few moves. Then, a turning point came.

Shi Yu and the Iron-eating Beast did not have the slightest mentality of participating in the assessment. They directly threw the ferocious beasts far away, looking like they did not feel the value at the points they represented.

In addition, they had unearthed the Electricity ore that represented points, but they had no intention of exchanging points.

Instead, the iron-eating beast opened its mouth and eliminated them with a crack.

It was simply walking all the way and snatching all the way…

“Expert Level Hardening. There’s something wrong with this Iron-eating Beast.”

A professional Beast Tamer leaned over to look at the scene. He opened his mouth slightly and said, “Where did this monster newcomer come from?”

Real outstanding Beast Tamers and pets couldn’t be hidden. Shi Yu and the others could easily kill the ferocious beasts blocking the way because they relied on their expert level Hardening and proficient level super vision.

They were completely invincible.

The group of professional Beast Tamers naturally sensed Shi Yu and Eleven’s extraordinariness, and they spoke in shock.

“No wonder they could hunt five wild boars. When I was an apprentice, I was far inferior to them.”

“This candidate clearly can’t be bothered with these small points. His target is definitely a level-ten creature.”

“From the performance of this Iron-eating Beast in the image, fighting a level-ten creature is not a problem at all.”

“The level ten creatures in the magnetic mountain area… are those three Electric Slimes imported from outside, right??”

The person in charge of training, Zhou Wanshan, said, “It’s the slime. I wonder if they can handle it.”

“But even if they can’t deal with it, it won’t be a problem to retreat unscathed.”

Slimes were creatures with relatively slow movements. As long as they passed the high school physical test, they wouldn’t be caught up by the Slimes jumping around.

However, on the contrary, even if Shi Yu and his panda could defeat the Electric Slime, they would probably have to pay a price.

The main reason was that the Electric Slime’s Electric Release Skill was a thunder-element skill. Its penetration power was very strong according to its power. In addition, there was a four-level difference between the two, so even if it was expert level in Hardening, it might not necessarily be able to deal with it unscathed like dealing with low-level ferocious beasts.

Mt. Tian Mang, Magnetic Mountain, Electric Cave.

After eating a pile of electric ores, Eleven successfully imprinted the taste of the electric ores in his mind.

Then, with its sensitive sense of smell, they found this place.

“I’ve finally discovered the first Electric Slime.”

Outside the small cave, Shi Yu’s expression was excited. He had finally discovered an Electric Slime.

The Electric Slime was a blue-purple mud-like creature, very similar to an electric ore. Electric currents shot out from its body from time to time.

At this moment, it was in a shrunken state, lying in the middle of a pile of electric ores. It was not afraid of the electric current around it. Instead, it looked very comfortable.

After all, with their attributes and physiques, they could be immune to weak corresponding elemental powers. Lightning was nourishing to them, not harming.

“They found the Electric Slime.”

Shi Yu and the Iron-eating Beast finally arrived at the Electric Cave. The few professional Beast Tamers watched with interest.

Although this Iron-eating Beast looked agile and had astonishing strength, it clearly didn’t have long-range skills.

As long as he fought, he would definitely come into contact with the slime.

As for the slime, its entire body was wrapped in electricity. As long as one touched it, they would be hit by its discharge. It was very unsolvable.

Therefore, in their opinion, this battle might be quite interesting. It was a brilliant battle between evenly matched opponents.

In the Electric Cave, the Electric Slime sensed that an enemy was approaching. It immediately woke up from its meal and bounced out to look at Shi Yu and the others cautiously.

A huge battle was about to break out.

At this moment, an unexpected development occurred.

Shi Yu quickly opened his backpack and threw the high-pressure insulation rubber gloves he bought to Eleven. “Put it on, catch it, and squeeze out all the electricity in its body.”

“Wuu—!”

Eleven put on the insulation glove skillfully. Obviously, this was a battle strategy arranged in advance by Shi Yu and Eleven.

Right on the heels of that, under the stunned expressions of the professional Beast Tamers, the little Iron-Eating Beast wearing insulation gloves charged towards the Electric Slime.

At the same time, the Electric Slime’s entire body was filled with electricity as it bounced and hit Eleven under the discharge state.

Electricity was a low-level skill that could only release electricity through contact. Moreover, this skill’s control over electricity was not high, so it was very easy to crack.

Without a doubt, the power of the Slime was not very strong. What was strong was its electrical current strength.

However, before it reached the transcendent level, its thunder-element skill facing the high-pressure insulation rubber gloves was like a son meeting his father, immediately getting shut down.

Eleven caught it in its hand like it was picking up a baseball.

Crack…

The Electric Slime kept releasing electricity in mid-air, and at the same time, it was stunned.

Eleven, who was wearing an insulation glove to catch the slime, turned its head sideways and didn’t dare to look at the electric current shooting out of the slime’s body.

This is so scary. It doesn’t look like it can be eaten like an electric ore…

“Holy shit.” This development directly made the professional Beast Tamers in the control room widen their eyes.

What was going on?

It could even be done this way?

“The base store sells insulation gloves?”

“It does, right?”

“But before this, no Beast Tamer was so clear-headed as to put them on a pet to challenge thunder-element ferocious beasts… Usually, they wear it themselves?”

“It’s mainly because the power of the Electric Slime is all in its discharge and defense. Its other qualities are ordinary, and it happened to be countered by the insulation glove!”

“Who captured the slimes and set such a high number of points for them?”

The professional Beast Tamers were stunned. The level-10 creature slime with the highest points in the training was being controlled just like that?

Oh no, the other two Slimes were probably going to be killed by this strange Beast Tamer.

12,000 points was equivalent to a free gift?

“Don’t worry… It’s not that simple,” Zhou Wanshan said with a complicated expression.

…

“Yes, Eleven, pinch it and let it continue to discharge and release electricity…”

When Eleven and the Slime were “fighting”, Shi Yu was fanning the flames beside them.

Apart from releasing electricity, the strength of the Electric Slime’s body was trash. There was no possibility of it breaking free.

Its defense was strong, because the Slime’s soft mud-like body could withstand a huge impact. Even a hard punch might not be able to instantly kill it.

However, there was no need for Shi Yu and the others to waste their energy hitting it.

It could just pinch it with the insulation glove and wait for it to release all the electricity in its body.

This was called Tactics.

“Hu!!!”

The Electric Slime was very aggrieved and angry.

The current was released even more fiercely, but it still couldn’t affect the insulation glove.

In fact, facing a level ten Boss, it was really not that easy to cheat through the fight.

Even in this situation where it was restrained, the slime still had a chance to resist.

However, unless it was desperate, the Electric Slime was very unwilling to use this skill.

High-level skill, multiplication!

If it used this skill to multiply its size, its strength would increase, and the electric current in its body could be stimulated at a greater limit. But the side effect… would make it exhausted for a long time.

The purpose of the Slimes was to shrink and act cute if possible. Unless there were special circumstances, they would never multiply their size into giant, scary demon king slimes.

And now, the Electric Slime that had encountered a desperate situation clearly encountered a special situation.

“Wu!!!!”

It cried out in extreme anger and its size began to increase continuously. At this moment, no matter how strong Eleven was, it definitely couldn’t pinch it with its two hands and could only retreat.

Rip!!!

As the Electric Slime rapidly enlarged, Shi Yu’s eyes lit up.

I’m not afraid of you becoming bigger. This is what I’ve been waiting for.

“Eleven, harden your whole body,” Shi Yu immediately instructed.

During the Electric Slime’s transformation, Eleven’s entire body hardened.

In the next second, the Electric Slime, which had finally escaped its control, launched a counterattack and directly bumped into it with its electrifying body.

After enlarging to a huge Electric Slime with a diameter of 1.5 meters, the impact power and the current strength of the Slime were much higher than before.

Bang!!!

Eleven also slapped him. In an instant, neither side won.

The huge Electric Slime was sent flying by Eleven, but due to its soft physique, it did not suffer much damage.

Although Eleven was wearing an insulation glove, the current released by the huge slime was too much. After all, Eleven was only wearing gloves and not an insulation suit, so he couldn’t completely defend.

The other parts of his body were still accidentally invaded by the electric current. Even the hardening of the metal attribute couldn’t completely defend. The combination of multiplication and discharge had already begun to take shape.

“It’s reversed.”

“Although the energy consumption of the Electric Slime is huge, that Iron-eating Beast definitely won’t feel good either.”

“It’s probably a situation where both parties are injured.”

The professional Beast Tamers watched the show.

However, the reversal occurred again. Eleven finally used the skill of high-speed healing.

Although it couldn’t be seen from the outside, the place where Eleven’s body was paralyzed and burned by the electric current was immediately healed by a green wave of life.

“Wuuu, wuu, wuu, wuu!!!” After being cured, Eleven became braver the more he fought. Like a bear, it continued to charge at the huge Electric Slime.

This scene directly shattered the views of the professional Beast Tamers.

“Is Expert Level Hardening that strong? It can even defend against a huge discharge?”

“Or is that Iron-eating Beast’s willpower strong? It resisted the stimulation of the current and counterattacked forcefully?”

After all, Eleven had a history of eating electric ores as candy.

At this moment, the slime was stunned again because after that attack, it completely lost its energy.

When it was first captured, it wasted too much electricity, causing it to be unable to counterattack after multiplying…

“Capture it and continue to squeeze it dry.” Shi Yu’s evil command came from the side.

…

Meanwhile, outside the Electric Cave…

The Electric Slime, which had all its energy drained, dimmed significantly. There was really no electricity at all, and it returned to its normal size.

It was hugged by the excited and panting Eleven and fell asleep.

At this moment, Shi Yu began to approach with a smile. He touched the slime with his loving hand.

In the initial five skill sections of the skill index, upon contracting the first pet, Eleven, there were five new skill sections.

Next, the index was about to record the seventh skill, multiplication.

Discharge wasn’t worth it, however. The skill level was too low, so it was inferior to the Thunder Palm. Shi Yu chose to give up.

When he touched the slime, Shi Yu recalled the scene when he saw the multiplication skill. At the same time, he activated the skill index.

In the next moment, the seventh page of the stone illustrated handbook flipped open in Shi Yu’s mind.

The image of the thunder-element pet Electric Slime appeared.

Skill: Multiplication

[Skill Level]: Advanced

< Introduction > It’s a special ability. It can shrink and expand the body. Under a shrunken state, the strength will decrease and the energy recovery speed will increase. Under the enlarged state, the energy consumption will increase and the strength will increase.

He had obtained the all-purpose skill!

Great!

When Shi Yu ravaged the level-ten creature Electric Slime in his hand like it was made of rubber, all the professional Beast Tamers in the control room fell silent.

Not only did he defeat it, but he even dared to personally destroy a level-ten creature? This was so scary for Beast Tamers and pets. Was this really a newbie intern??