Chapter 47 - The First Advanced Skill

Chapter 47: The First Advanced Skill

As he did not know the exact effect of each supplement, Shi Yu did not dare to buy too much at once.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

After careful selection, he chose three supplements and bought some each.

Five ginseng baby whiskers were worth 250,000 yuan (minimum five units per purchase).

A small bottle of Centaurea Queen Bee’s Honey was worth 300,000 yuan.

Five divine beans that probably wouldn’t fill his belly were worth 500,000 yuan (minimum five units per purchase).

He spent 1,050,000 yuan in one go… Including the discount, nearly one tenth of the initial 10 million yuan was gone.

Shi Yu felt the pinch. How could he squander like this?

However, when he thought that he might be able to teach Eleven all the high-level skills with these supplements and max out the proficiency of a few skills, he gave in.

Money was meant to be spent!

Moreover, using this million yuan to buy food and nutritional supplements for Eleven might not necessarily be as useful as buying supplements for himself.

“This is still the cheapest batch of supplements…”

Shi Yu sighed. After placing the order, he fell asleep again.

When he woke up, it was already night.

At night, if he stayed up late to meditate and play with his cell phone, it might affect his state during the day.

Shi Yu decided to continue sleeping, but the problem was that after sleeping for a while, he wasn’t that tired anymore.

Therefore, after preparing dinner for the two pets, Shi Yu could only teach the worm silk skill to the Green Silkworm in the birdcage in the courtyard.

After his stamina fell, sleepiness returned.

This skill index seemed to have the ability to treat insomnia. Not bad.

The next day, the sun was shining brightly.

Shi Yu woke up feeling refreshed. Today, he had planned to go to Bamboo Stone Dojo to take a look, but a cell phone message made him change his mind.

The supplements he bought yesterday were already in the midst of distribution and had arrived at Icefield City. They could reach today.

“How efficient…”

“In that case, I’ll just wait at home today.”

In the morning, Eleven was pondering about the Thunder Palm in the courtyard. The Green Silkworm continued to sleep, while Shi Yu was meditating.

About noon when Yu was about to go prepare lunch, there was a knock on their door.

“There’s a delivery for you.”

“Coming.”

As he had experienced being given warmth by the community the last time, Shi Yu hurriedly replied, afraid that his house would be destroyed again.

He opened the door and saw a young man in a blue delivery suit. Beside him was a two-meter-tall, weaponized giant bird.

The giant bird had strong muscles, gorgeous golden-brown feathers, and sharp eyes. However, although it looked domineering, it was only doing the work of a tool pet for the time being. A huge delivery box was hanging on it.

[Name]: Wings of Wind

[Attributes]: Wind

[Race Level]: High Transcendent

[Race Skill]: Wind Wings, Ripping Claw, Super Sight, Wind Blade

The young man took out the box containing the supplements from the delivery box hanging on the Wings of the Sky and handed it to Shi Yu.

“Please sign here.”

Shi Yu :”…”

They actually used transcendent-level creatures to deliver packages.

The Wings of Wind was the bird pet with the highest overall strength among transcendent-level creatures.

“Little Brother, you’re a professional Beast Tamer?”

When Shi Yu signed it, he asked casually.

“Yes, I just joined this year. If there’s anything I’m not doing well, please inform me,” the young man said.

After Shi Yu received the goods, he felt extremely stifled.

In this day and age, even the threshold of the delivery industry was so high. Though… the salary must be very high. After all, the resources assigned to that website were all high-end goods.

After signing the letter, Shi Yu handed it over.

The delivery man took the delivery order and looked at Shi Yu.

This little guest… was a Beast Tamer intern, right?

Speaking of which, why did he buy so many high-level supplements… Even as a professional, he himself didn’t need so many.

He decided to forget it.

“Good luck. Have a good day.”

“Thank you.”

After the delivery boy and Shi Yu thanked each other, the bill was completed.

Then, in the courtyard, Shi Yu began to take out tonics one by one. He was very careful, afraid that it would break.

He first took out a bottle with five green beans. After looking at the accompanying manual, Shi Yu called Eleven over.

“Eleven, come here.”

“Huh?”

Eleven, who was playing Electric in the courtyard, ran over.

At this moment, with higher-level supplements, Shi Yu’s heart surged.

Skill: Multiplication

Skill Level: Advanced

< Introduction > It’s a special ability. It can shrink and expand the body. Under a shrunken state, the strength will decrease and the energy recovery speed will increase. Under the enlarged state, the energy consumption will increase and the strength will increase.

Status: Can be taught

Shi Yu planned to teach eleven the multiplication skill first.

As for why it wasn’t the deterrence skill that allowed Eleven to have the aptitude of a king, or even the absolute sleep that could increase the efficiency of his and Eleven’s training, it was very simple… Because the multiplication skill was more interesting!

In any case, with so many supplements, there were still only three high-level skills in total. It was the same whether he taught them early or late. Shi Yu first chose the multiplication skill that he found relatively interesting.

In the enlarged state, Eleven could increase his battle power. In the shrunken state, he could accelerate the recovery of his physical fitness. Learning this skill first was not a loss.

Shi Yu took out a divine bean and placed it in his mouth.

“Skill Index!”

As Shi Yu chose to teach, his right hand suffused with a white halo again.

At this moment, Eleven was stunned to see this familiar scene.

It panicked.

This Beast Tamer… was he going to make it reap the benefits without working for them again?

“Wuu!”

He had just learned the Thunder Palm on his own, and the Beast Tamer was going to use cheats to invade its mind again… This wasn’t good…

Eleven stretched out its head. Since it couldn’t resist, it chose to enjoy it.

He would double his efforts later.

Just like that, the white light that represented the multiplication of skill experience flowed into Eleven’s body, and Shi Yu’s legs started to soften.

Cooldown Time: 168 hours

The levelless worm silk skill was about eight hours.

Low-level skills were about 24 hours.

The intermediate skills were about 48 hours.

Shi Yu originally thought that the high-level skill was 72 hours, but in the end… it was more than doubled.

In his extremely weak state, Shi Yu felt that he was about to die. He hurriedly swallowed the divine bean.

In the next second, energy began to flow in Shi Yu’s body.

Just as the introduction said, in an extremely short period of time, the divine bean erupted with immense nutrition and began to nourish Shi Yu’s body.

One second, two seconds, three seconds… Shi Yu’s body suddenly surged with power.

[Cooldown Time]: 48 hours.

Although it didn’t completely allow Shi Yu to recover, the consumption was reduced to an acceptable range.

In an instant, Shi Yu felt as if he had not just taught a high-level skill, but just an intermediate-level skill.

Judging by his experience with getting weak after teaching a skill, Shi Yu felt that he could do it again.

It looked like… advanced skills were the current limit of his teaching. Before his physique improved by a lot, even if he had stronger supplements, he definitely couldn’t touch super skills…

“This is killing me…”

Shi Yu let out a long sigh and ignored the dirt on the ground. He sat down on the spot and looked at Eleven.

At this moment, Eleven was closing its eyes and digesting the experience from the advanced level multiplication skill.

Shi Yu stared at it for nearly a minute before Eleven returned to its senses.

“You’ve mastered it?” Shi Yu asked.

Eleven nodded hard.

“Then let’s see how big you can get.”

As Shi Yu finished speaking, the round Eleven nodded seriously and used the multiplication skill with a serious gaze.

In the next second…

Buzz!

Ripples seemed to spread out from Eleven’s body. Accompanied by the ripples, its body began to tremble slightly. Then, as the transparent ripples vibrated, its body began to expand in circles!

Buzz!

Buzz!

It didn’t suddenly become bigger, but its body gradually enlarged in proportion. Its limbs, torso, head, and hair were all changing at this moment!

“Wuu!!!”

A moment later, a round Eleven that was still no different from before but had doubled in height and size appeared in front of Shi Yu.

At this moment, Eleven slowly waved its arm, but it still wasn’t used to it. It felt that the energy in its body was being consumed rapidly, but at the same time, its strength seemed to have increased by more than just a little.

It was probably the difference in strength between a young panda and an adult panda in reality.

In this state, Eleven felt that if it encountered those long-spined wild boars again, it could send them flying more than ten meters with a slap!

Eleven’s eyes were filled with battle intent.

“Gulp…”

However, there was no battle intent in his stomach.

Eleven:… @ _ @ | | | |

In less than ten seconds, Eleven started to feel dizzy. After all, it had consumed a lot of its physical strength just now.

“Alright, alright, quickly shrink and show me.”

It was called multiplication. There was the option of double and triple… Naturally, there was also one-fifth, one-fourth… That was the so-called shrinking state.

As a Beast Tamer, Shi Yu hurriedly made it shrink and recover its strength after sensing the power of the transformation.

In the next second, Eleven looked like it was leaking air. It first quickly circled and shrunk to the size of an ordinary person, which was about a meter tall.

Then, it continued shrinking. Soon, it shrank into a real round ball half a meter tall, round, and short.

In this state, it was closer to how it looked when it was eleven years old. It looked harmless, and its big eyes revealed innocence.

“Sob.” Eleven touched its stomach and let out an aggrieved cry.

It had become smaller, but it was still hungry.

“Cough, looks like for the initial level multiplication, doubling in volume and shrinking to half, is already the limit.”

It was still lacking some proficiency compared to the Ultraman-sized huge Iron-eating Beast in Shi Yu’s mind, as well as the mini Iron-eating Beast that could stand on his shoulder.

But it was also very good. After all, he had just learned it.

“Alright, let’s eat.” Shi Yu was in a good mood as he looked at the little iron-eating beast.

“Let’s have you eat like this in the future. I think we can save a lot of food expenses,” he joked.

Eleven: (ε ε ε ε?)?! What!!