Chapter 45 - End Of The Training

Chapter 45: End of the Training

After Eleven mastered the Thunder Palm, Shi Yu felt that it was time to change places to train.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Although he could continue to look for electric ores to strengthen the thunder-type skills Eleven had just learned in the magnetic mountain, it was not very meaningful.

Electric ore was only a level-one resource, not very expensive and rare. Its value was not much different from iron bamboo. When he returned, it was better to purchase or buy higher-level resources in bulk.

The more exposed electric ores in the Magnetic Mountain area, such as the three Electric Caves, had basically been searched by them. The remaining were hidden and difficult to find. If they searched again, the efficiency wouldn’t be very high.

It was better to take advantage of the remaining time to earn some other resources.

“Eleven, let’s help the green worm find some nutritious food.”

After thinking about it, Shi Yu said to Eleven, “The Green Silkworm has followed them for so long, but it seems like it hasn’t eaten anything decent.”

The Green Silkworm had also helped a lot these two days. Even if it didn’t contribute much, it had worked hard. It was time to reward it.

“Yes!!!”

Eleven nodded indifferently. Of course, of course!

Every day, Buggy looked like he was about to die after training. Eleven was really afraid of losing this little partner.

“Ji ji!!!” The green worm in the backpack cried.

Generally speaking, the evolution materials that were prepared for the Green Silkworm were only used when it was approaching cocoon transformation at level nine or ten.

At other stages of growth, the value of using rare materials was not very high. After all, only at the cocoon transformation stage, with the nourishment of the cocoon, would the Green Silkworm have a high chance of comprehending new racial skills.

In other stages, it seemed that only the worm silk was worth strengthening.

At this moment, Shi Yu also started to consider what direction he should nurture the Green Silkworm in.

It was very important to determine the direction of a pet in order to train it.

For example, Eleven and Shi Yu were cultivated according to the standard battle pet template. It was fine as long as they were good at fighting and were all-rounded.

As for the Green Silkworm, Shi Yu did not want it to be like a traditional battle pet. After all, he had the skill index, so it was relatively easy for him to DIY it.

It was better to choose some rare and more practical evolution directions.

Healing butterfly?

This way, it might be able to learn a skill that could help him, a Beast Tamer, recover his physical strength and energy in the future, and use it with the skill index.

Support butterfly?

For example, the Goddess of Light Butterfly, which had light control and illusion abilities, was a very good personal bodyguard of the Beast Tamer. Its abilities were very widely used.

Or… nurture it in the direction of mythology?

Traditional Mythical creatures, such as dragons and phoenixes, were all naturally noble races.

For example, the first Ice Phoenix Moth in the country to master the evolution of a transcendent-level worm silk that Lu Qingyi mentioned was an evolution completed after integrating the Ice Phoenix bloodline during the evolution process.

It was also because it possessed the Mythical Bloodline that this Green silkworm could directly become an honorable monarch-level race from the lowest position in the pet world.

Also… if the compatibility was enough, he could choose some rare attributes.

For example, space and time!

If he had a pet that could master Instant Transmission, its escape skills would be considered full. It would basically be fearless if it encountered danger.

Moreover, these rare attributes might not be weak in other aspects.

With this concept, Shi Yu realized that there were simply too many evolution paths for the Green Silkworm. It was so dazzling that he had no choice.

“The key is still skills and materials!”

“It’s not that easy to obtain rare skills and materials. For example, where can I find the evolution materials used by the Ice Phoenix Moth? I guess I can only use Bureau 11’s channels.”

“Forget it, it’s too early to think so much. I’ll see what materials I can find first.”

“At the moment, the most important thing is to nurture the worm silk to the highest level!”

Shi Yu flipped through the booklet and found a spiritual plant that was very suitable for the Green Silkworm as food.

Dragon Whiskers Grass.

A level-one spiritual plant was named after its beard that looked like an Eastern dragon.

It was the favorite food of pets who had mastered silk skills. It could effectively increase the tenacity and sharpness of the worm silk.

“This is it.”

During the search for the Dragon Whiskers Grass, he brought Eleven along to challenge powerful ferocious beasts. The next day would be used for this.

Collecting Dragon Whiskers Grass was actually much easier because the spider-type ferocious beasts around the Dragon Whiskers Grass were basically not that powerful.

The most powerful one was a level ten awakened ferocious beast, the Ghost-Faced Wolf Spider. It was worth 4,000 points.

But in the end, it was still killed by Eleven.

Although the battle process was a little more difficult than fighting an Electric Slime, it did prove that Eleven’s current battle power was stronger than these untrained wild level ten ferocious beasts.

The reason was very simple. Even if these wild creatures grew at a higher level, their skill proficiency was too low. They basically relied on instinct. Very few creatures would train independently.

For example, that slime. Be it its discharge or multiplication skills, they were both initial-level.

The race skill of the more difficult Ghost-Faced Wolf Spider that Shi Yu encountered later was only at the proficient level, so when it faced Eleven, who had multiple proficient and even expert level skills, the difference in level was not that obvious.

In fact, Shi Yu hoped that the nearby spider-type ferocious beasts were more powerful. It would be best if he could master a premonition danger skill like spider sense… Then, he would be very happy.

Shi Yu wanted Eleven to use the Haki of the famous comic One Piece on Earth. Now that he had Armament Haki Hardening and Conqueror’s Haki, he was just short of Observation Haki.

But so be it. Since it had super vision, it could pretend to make do with it.

A proficient level super vision could allow Eleven to have extremely strong dynamic vision. It was already very impressive that he could clearly lock onto his target like a fog in various extreme environments.

In the future, when he reached the expert and perfect level, according to the information Shi Yu found on his cell phone, he could even have a 360-degree perspective and see the effect of the energy flow.

As for the transcendent level… he wasn’t sure, but the effect would definitely be stronger. When the time came, with perfect super vision as a reconnaissance skill, the effect wouldn’t be too bad.

In short, the green worm was very happy on this last day. It felt that its trip this time was not in vain. This Dragon Whiskers Grass was much more delicious than Shi Yu’s leftovers.

In less than three days, Shi Yu, Eleven, and the Green Silkworm had different gains.

Shi Yu obtained the multiplication skill. Eleven learned Thunder Palm on its own, and the Green Silkworm had an extra meal… It was obvious who was the one who profited the most.

In the blink of an eye, the three-day training event at Mt. Tian Mang was about to end.

In the training base.

The five professional Beast Tamers carefully looked at the final points displayed on the big screen.

First place, Shi Yu, 20,000 points.

Apart from the four level-10 creatures and five Longthorn wild boars, Shi Yu also collected some resources on the way and handed them in, gathering 20,000 points.

“He’s indeed in first place.”

“Although hunting the Slimes was a cheap trick, hunting the Ghost-Faced Wolf Spiders alone later undoubtedly proved their true strength.”

The one in-charge, Zhou Wanshan, listened to the evaluations of his surrounding teammates and silently looked at Shi Yu’s information.

“The average level of the pets of the Beast Tamers in charge of this training base is low. None of the Beast Tamers have reached level ten.”

“Level ten is the strongest ferocious beast in Mt. Tian Mang at the moment. It’s indeed very impressive for him to be able to control a level-six Iron-eating Beast to defeat four level ten ferocious beasts. He deserves to be first.”

“It’s rare to see such a Beast Tamer who can fight above his level in Ping Cheng… I wonder how his performance in the ruins will be next.”

With Shi Yu’s current results, he had undoubtedly obtained the qualifications to enter the ruins!

…

“It’s over!!”

“It’s finally freaking over. I ate tree fruits for two whole days. I vomited.”

“I want to shower, I want to shower. I’m going to die if I can’t shower anymore!”

“Am I that popular with the mosquitoes? I’ve gotten 49 bites in less than three days.”

After the training base announced the end of the assessment through the mechanical bird, the Beast Trainers on Mt. Tian Mang went down the mountain and complained.

As for Shi Yu, he looked at the sky with a calm expression as he walked. It had been tough on him this time. Maybe he should take out a portion of the 10,000,000 yuan to reward himself? It was time to buy some high-end supplements.