Chapter 46 - : Purchasing Supplement

Chapter 46: Purchasing Supplement

At the training base of Mt. Tian Mang was a huge field. On the huge field, miserable Beast Tamers stood.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

In the beginning, a total of 100 people entered Mt. Tian Mang, and now only 73 were left standing here.

As expected, the 27 who were missing withdrew midway.

Perhaps it was because they couldn’t tolerate the wild environment, or because they were injured during the training process and had no choice but to stop the assessment.

“The fact that you can still stand here means that you still have some qualifications. Mt. Tian Mang is just an artificial training environment. If you can’t even stand here, don’t talk about exploring ruins, let alone participating in the vocation assessment in the future. It’s better to go home and raise pets obediently!”

The person in charge of the training, Zhou Wanshan, stood on the platform and said impolitely.

Below, the Beast Tamers were silent. This guy was the boss here, so they let him say whatever he wanted.

However, compared to this nonsense, these candidates wanted to know what rank they could get in the assessment this time.

Although they could roughly calculate their points during the training process, they didn’t know anyone else’s at all, so the ranking was a mystery.

“Alright, if you want to know your specific points ranking, you can look at it yourselves. The results have been pasted on that wall.”

“Among them, the top 20 can obtain the qualifications to explore the ruins. A week later, I’ll lead you into the ruins for the first time in a week. Be mindful of the association’s notification regarding the specific situation.”

“This assessment is over. You can leave after exchanging your points.”

After a simple announcement, the person in charge of the training base, Zhou Wanshan, turned and left, leaving behind the noisy crowd.

Unsurprisingly, everyone rushed to the wall beside the platform.

Ten copies of the same score list were printed in the training base. They were spread out on the wall and could be clearly seen by everyone.

In the crowd, Shi Yu went over with the main group and looked down directly.

This feeling… How should he put it? It made him feel like he was returning to high school in a dream. Every time he finished his monthly exam, he would be surrounded by his classmates to look at his grades.

“First place, Shi Yu, 20,000 points? Who’s Shi Yu?”

“No… It’s not our school.”

“Not from our school either.”

Most of the Beast Tamers present were still students. After all, the average level was not high.

The older batch of Beast Trainers with average pets at level ten were all assigned to another training base.

At this moment, the candidates at the scene started discussing among themselves.

As for Shi Yu himself, he turned around and left the moment he saw his name, hiding his merits and reputation.

The first place in the assessment was nothing much.

It was better to quickly exchange points for real money to heal his bank account…

Although that was the case, he was still betrayed.

“Holy shit, Shi Yu.”

In the crowd, Chen Kai, the top student, looked at the name in the first place of the points and had a special feeling.

Although he knew that Shi Yu was very strong, he still felt a faint sadness when he saw that Shi Yu had taken first place.

20,000 points was equivalent to five awakening level ten ferocious beasts…

He looked at his ranking again. Why did he feel that after working hard for a week, he was getting further and further away from Shi Yu?

Was he not working hard enough?

“You know this person??”

After Chen Kai exclaimed, his classmates asked one after another.

“Who is this person?”

“Uh, a Beast Tamer from a key school in the city. I bought the Refreshing Capsule under his suggestion to train my pets. As expected, he’s still impressive.”

Chen Kai’s classmate was stunned. No wonder Chen Kai’s Ice-Armored Beast had broken through again and its strength had improved at lightning speed. It turned out that it had received guidance from an expert.

Was it the capsule that Chen Kai often ate during his training?

They took note of it and looked into it immediately when they returned.

…

Then, Shi Yu ran to exchange points.

He encountered someone familiar.

Yan Qi looked at Shi Yu with a smile and said, “I’ll help you exchange it.”

“By the way, I’ve told Master Lin about your Iron-eating Beast mastering the Thunder Palm.”

“Oh? What did Hall Master Lin say?”

Yan Qi chuckled in his heart. What else could he say… Yan Qi could even guess Hall Master Lin’s doubtful expression.

This apprentice might not be teachable anymore!

“Master Lin asked you to make a trip to the dojo when you’re free. There are some special nutritional supplements, food, and insights on Thunder Palm. He’s planning to give them to you.”

“Alright.” Shi Yu nodded.

This Lin Hongnian, head of the dojo, was probably that panda senior’s father. He didn’t know if this man had any other high-level skills other than the Thunder Palm… After all, he was one of the most powerful Beast Tamers in Ping Cheng. He should have some heritage.

After exchanging the points, Shi Yu went home directly.

He missed home, the soft bed, the hot shower, and normal food.

In short, the wilderness was really not a place for humans to stay.

“When I have money in the future, I must form a Mechanical Life Contract and become a Mechanic.”

“I want those that are like Transformers. They can turn into Gundams, planes, cars, and people, and houses.”

In this way, when he went to the wilderness in the future, it seemed that he would be able to live a modern life?

After returning home, Shi Yu stretched before lying down.

He turned around, picked up his cell phone, and logged on to the website that that person had given him.

The other party said that if he wanted to buy resources, he could just buy them from this website. There seemed to be a discount and they were delivered to his door. It was just nice, it saved him the trouble of going out to buy them.

“If I’m bringing this candidate to the ruins in a week… Isn’t the scheduling a little tight?”

Shi Yu wanted to develop steadily first… But his suicidal spirit seemed to be restless again.

Damn… I can’t control myself… I want to go take a look.

“Forget it. I heard from Lu Qingyi that this ruin isn’t dangerous. It’s a training-type ruin. I’ll just take a look and not court death. It’s not a big problem.”

“But no matter what, I should squander my resources first.”

After all, he was also a rich man now. As long as he didn’t buy high-level evolution materials for the Green Silkworm, he could squander for a long time and buy many things…

As expected, for the happiness of the whole family, it was better for the green worm to explore the evolution path on its own.

If it went smoothly, perhaps he could find suitable evolution materials in the ruins?

All of this was reasonable investment.

Shi Yu was not searching for resources for pets, but for Beast Tamers. Those supplementary resources that could allow Beast Tamers to fight for ten days and ten nights without any worries.

It was still alright at the Beast Tamer stage. Some Beast Tamers with enhanced talent still couldn’t use their talent in combat and could only use it for training.

However, after leaving the initial level, the advantages of those Beast Tamers who had mastered enhanced battle-type talents became apparent.

One Beast Tamer with a special telepathy talent, compared to a Beast Tamer with an enhancement talent… As the levels of both parties increased, the latter would only widen the gap between the former in terms of actual combat.

However, in contrast, after a battle, the energy consumption of a Beast Tamer with the battle enchantment talent would definitely be greater.

These supplements were prepared for them.

“Uh…”

Unlike medicine synthesized with a certain component of low-level materials like the Refreshing Capsule, most of the resources sold on this special website were purely natural.

Of course, the price was even more expensive, but Shi Yu felt that it didn’t matter if it was expensive. As long as it was effective.

Plant-type transcendent creature ginseng baby’s whiskers?

Centaurea Queen Bee’s Honey?

The frog oil of the Dragon Swallowing Frog?

The divine beans produced by the mystic realm of the divine tree. It could restore the Beast Tamer’s physical strength and energy in the shortest time possible under the Beast Tamer’s extreme fatigue state… And adjust his body to its optimal state?

Why did it look so familiar? The strange but extremely familiar supplements had increased.

“This divine bean is not bad, but the lowest quality is still 100,000 yuan per bean. It’s a little expensive… But I can buy one to see its effect. With this, I might be able to try teaching high-level skills. Multiplication, Absolute Sleep, Deterrence… I can arrange for one first.”