Chapter 49 - Visiting Bamboo Stone Dojo

Chapter 49: Visiting Bamboo Stone Dojo

“Shi Yu?”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Yes, that’s the name,” the apprentice said.

“Let him come over,” Lin Hongnian said. This boy was finally willing to come to the dojo.

The apprentice nodded and immediately left.

At this moment, Lin Xiuzhu, who was beside Hongnian, vaguely felt that this name was a little familiar.

“You know this Shi Yu, right?” Lin Hongnian was the first to ask his daughter.

“I remember you previously mentioned to me that a very disciplined iron-eating beast was taken away by a person called Shi Yu.”

The first time Lin Hongnian heard the name Shi Yu, it wasn’t from Lu Qingyi, but from Lin Xiuzhu.

However, because Shi Yu was only a Beast Tamer intern, he didn’t deliberately remember it.

It was only when Lu Qingyi mentioned it and he investigated again that he realized and remembered that it was the same person.

Lin Xiuzhu said, “It’s really him? Father, you still remember. What’s wrong… Is he going to enter the dojo?”

Lin Hongnian shook his head and said, “No, I was entrusted by someone to guide his growth.”

“By the way, after he left, do you know the growth of that Iron-eating Beast?”

Lin Xiuzhu also shook her head and said, “I’m not sure, but I told them that if they have any problems, they can come to the Iron Bamboo Breeding Base to consult at any time. Since he didn’t come again… Everything should be normal, right?”

How could it be normal… It was too abnormal.

After a moment of silence, Lin Hongnian said, “That Shi Yu and that Iron-eating Beast participated in the assessment at Mt. Tian Mang was organized by the Beast Tamer Association a few days ago and took first place.”

Lin Xiuzhu was stunned and had yet to react.

Then, her beautiful eyes widened. “Impossible. That Iron-eating Beast only awakened level three a month ago…”

At this level, he probably couldn’t even defeat a wild boar.

Even if she thought very highly of that Iron-eating Beast and thought that the self-disciplined Little Iron-eating Beast Eleven would definitely be able to do something, she clearly didn’t believe what her father said.

How could there be such a speed of growth…

“It’s hard for me to believe too, but he’ll come to visit later. We’ll know then.” Lin Hongnian looked at the group of useless apprentices on the training ground.

If only this group of people were half as outstanding as the rumors said.

Level 6 growth… Mastery Level Hardening… Learning Thunder Palm… was simply unbelievable.

“Then, then what about the fish??” Lin Xiuzhu asked another key question. The ridiculous thing about Shi Yu was put aside for the time being. Eating was the most important thing.

“No,” Lin Hongnian said.

It was better to wait for this Shi Yu.

Although he had yet to meet Shi Yu, this genius Beast Tamer, he found Shi Yu more pleasing to the eye than his own daughter.

This was like some parents always comparing their own kid to other people’s children.

He could not wait to see who this Shi Yu and that iron-eating beast were.

“But I’ve already told mom that you’ll go together.”

Lin Xiuzhu looked at her father strangely. Her father actually stood up today? He dared to disobey his wife? Wasn’t he afraid of going back to sleep on the bamboo board at night?

Lin Hongnian turned around calmly.

“Where to?” Lin Xiuzhu asked.

“Tell that Shi Yu to come in the afternoon. I’m suddenly a little hungry.”

…

…

“In the afternoon?”

On Shi Yu’s side, he heard from the apprentice of the dojo that Hall Master Lin Hongnian would be at the dojo in the afternoon. After arranging that, he stretched in anticipation.

He decided to find a place to eat lunch before going.

At about ten in the morning, Shi Yu started to move. In order to save time, he still chose a taxi.

After arriving near the dojo, he casually found a high-level restaurant and ordered a bunch of dishes, including the wild boar meat he didn’t eat last time.

After eating and drinking to his heart’s content, Shi Yu glanced at the time. It was getting closer to the appointment time, so he headed straight for Bamboo Stone Dojo.

Outside Bamboo Stone Dojo.

“Excuse me, is anyone here?”

Shi Yu knocked on the door.

A moment later, the door was opened, and a person in a familiar costume opened the door.

Shi Yu looked down and subconsciously said, “Panda senior…”

“No… Breeder Lin Xiuzhu?”

The person who opened the door was Lin Xiuzhu, who was wearing panda-style shorts and a T-shirt.

“Hello, we meet again.” Lin Xiuzhu smiled at Shi Yu.

“Yeah.” Shi Yu nodded. When he bought the Iron-Eating Beast, he felt that there was something wrong with this Lin Xiuzhu. Later on, he learned that she was actually Lin Hongnian’s daughter.

In short, she was another rich heir.

He wanted to sigh. He had just gotten 10,000,000 from Lu Qingyi, and now he wanted to collect cultivation resources from this girl. As expected, he was someone who relied on women to get him stuff…

Speaking of which… he hadn’t finished repaying his loan. He had originally planned to return it monthly, but now… was there a need to return it??

“Follow me, Father is inside.” After Lin Xiuzhu finished speaking, he started to lead the way.

A moment later, Shi Yu was invited into the waiting room of the dojo.

At this moment, Shi Yu finally saw Lin Hongnian. Chen Kai, Zhuang Yue, and the others had said this man might be the number one Beast Tamer in Ping Cheng.

“Sit.” In the room, Lin Hongnian, who was wearing a gray battle suit, extended his hand and invited Shi Yu to sit.

Sensing the aura of Hall Master Lin Hongnian, Shi Yu thought to himself that this person was obviously an expert. Since he was an expert, he wondered if his pets had any rare skills…

Shi Yu sat down cautiously, and Lin Xiuzhu, who had brought him over, naturally sat opposite him.

Lin Xiuzhu still didn’t believe the battle results of Shi Yu that Lin Hongnian mentioned just now. After all, she could also claim that she took care of Eleven… How could she not know Eleven’s strength a month ago?

Moreover, during the meal, she also asked her father what was going on. However, Lin Hongnian himself was ambiguous and couldn’t answer. He only said that Shi Yu had a special opportunity… Ridiculous!

“Dr. Lu already told me.”

“If you plan to come to Bamboo Stone Dojo to learn, I’ll teach you everything.”

“However, according to my understanding, there seems to be a limit to what I can teach you in the cultivation of iron-eating beasts.”

Among the training methods of Bamboo Stone Dojo for Iron-eating Beasts, the most precious were undoubtedly the skill manuals of Thunder Palm and Cannon Fist.

Apart from that, although special nutritional supplements and food were also very expensive, they were clearly still a little inferior to the value of skill manuals. There were also many substitutes.

Shi Yu and Eleven had already learned the Thunder Palm Skill. It was no wonder Lin Hongnian said that there was not much left to teach.

“You’re too polite.” Shi Yu expressed that he was just a newbie.

“How about this? Next, the three training grounds of the Bamboo Stone Dojo are open to you. You can use the training equipment as you wish. In terms of the cultivation resources of the iron-eating beasts, the Bamboo Stone Dojo will also provide them all.”

“Xiu Zhu should have given you the basic cultivation manual of the Iron-eating Beast, right? I’ll give you a cultivation method for advancement later for your reference.”

“If you have any problems with training, you can come to me anytime to ask. You don’t have to undergo training in the dojo like other apprentices.”

“What do you think?”

There should be a special treatment for geniuses.

Shi Yu’s Iron-eating Beast had already mastered mastery level Hardening and Thunder Palm, so there was no need for it to do the daily training of ordinary apprentices.

Therefore, Lin Hongnian gave Shi Yu a lot of convenience. This was something other apprentices, even his own daughter, couldn’t enjoy in the beginning.

“Thank you, Hall Master Lin,” Shi Yu said. “This is pretty suitable for me.”

Food and drink were managed, freedom was not restricted, and a master-level Beast Tamer who he could ask questions to at any time. This treatment… was perfect.

Alright, looks like that 10,000,000 yuan could only be used to buy supplements without any reservation. Wouldn’t Eleven’s cultivation resources be resolved if he did this? It was just that Eleven’s appetite was a little big, and he didn’t know if the dojo could handle it… It was alright under normal circumstances, but he was afraid that Eleven would eat more after getting into the habit.

As for the food of the green worm… it was everywhere outside.

It seemed that joining this Bureau 11 was indeed the right choice. Otherwise, he might still be recuperating at this time.

“If I’m not wrong, your Iron-eating Beast has already learned the Thunder Palm, right?”

“In addition, the proficiency of Hardening has also reached mastery level.”

Shi Yu nodded. “Yes.”

Lin Xiuzhu: (^ _ ^)?

These two were getting more and more ridiculous.

“Then let’s focus on training the Thunder Palm skill first. The learning difficulty of the Thunder Palm is slightly lower than Cannon Fist. Don’t bite off more than you can chew. If you want to learn Cannon Fist, my suggestion is to master the Thunder Palm first.”

Shi Yu nodded. Indeed, one shouldn’t bite off more than one could chew. He couldn’t even level up the current Iron-eating Beast skills comfortably right now.

As for the cannon fist… forget it.

Ordinary Iron-eating Beasts might lack this skill, but he didn’t lack Iron-eating Beasts at all. A similar skill was enough with the Thunder Palm, there was no need for a fire-element cannonball fist to increase the attack power.

Even if there was such a requirement, he still would definitely use that slot for higher-level skills in the future.

“There are very few records regarding the Thunder Palm in the outside world. Next, I’ll bring you to the training ground and explain the Thunder Palm in detail.”

“Before that, I’ll also introduce you to other apprentices. In the future, when you come to the dojo, you’ll inevitably come into contact with them.”

“As for the various training facilities in the dojo, I’ll let Xiu Zhu bring you around to familiarize yourself.”

Lin Xiuzhu had many questions, but he didn’t dare to interrupt when his father was speaking.

In the family hierarchy, she was below her father, who was below her mother.

“Speaking of which…” Lin Hongnian looked at Shi Yu.

“Although I heard about you from Yan Qi, I still don’t seem to know much about your situation.”

“Do you mind having a battle with the apprentices of our dojo to let me understand your specific situation?”

“That’s good.” Lin Xiuzhu answered for Shi Yu. Combat was good, and she also wanted to see how Shi Yu and the others were currently doing.

(ω • ω • ω •) ́) Fighting time!

Shi Yu was extremely calm. He was invincible, so they could do whatever they wanted.