Chapter 44 - Forget The Skill Index

Chapter 44: Forget the Skill Index

Next, the Electric Cave occupied by the Electric Slime was undoubtedly taken over by Shi Yu.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

There were many electric ores here, enough for Eleven to feast on.

In addition, Shi Yu was not in a hurry to exchange this Electric Slime for points.

“I’ll give you two electrical ores every day as food, but no matter how much electricity you eat, you have to release it.”

Shi Yu communicated with the blurred Electric Slime telepathically.

This guy was a very good generator. The discharge skill could train Eleven’s lightning resistance and increase its thunder affinity.

It was roughly equivalent to lightning forging the body.

Ordinary pets definitely couldn’t go about it like this, but Eleven was an exception.

A trace of thunder-element talent and proficient level high-speed healing could recover the damage caused by the lightning stimulation at the fastest speed, allowing Eleven to train with lightning without restraint.

Electric Slime: I might not be human, but you’re really not.

Just like that, the drained Electric Slime directly became the second training tool after the Green Silkworm.

“Wuuu!”

After hearing the new training content from Shi Yu, the Little Iron Eating Beast danced around.

Eleven was still very interested in this new training method.

Eating electric ores and being electrocuted by a weakened version of the discharge skill seemed to be no worse than jumping off a building.

It was just that after training like this, Eleven’s hair became fluffy, causing it to look fat.

“This…”

In the safe area, Little Bear Yan Qi, who had told Shi Yu that he could come to the magnetic mountain to train, fell into deep thought.

He looked at the Iron-eating Beast carrying the Electric Slime running in the image with a question mark on his head.

Although he had told Shi Yu that allowing the Iron-eating Beasts to undergo the lightning baptism after eating the electric ore could also increase their thunder-element talent…

He didn’t expect Shi Yu to directly take down the Electric Slime as a tool pet.

His telepathy talent was so overpowered…

Shi Yu’s even more inhumane actions didn’t stop there. Using the insulation glove, they quickly found another companion for the first slime.

The Electric Slime resting in another Electric Cave in the Magnetic Mountain was also captured by Shi Yu and the others.

The next day, the third Slime couldn’t escape either. It was captured by Shi Yu and the Iron-eating Beast.

In the end, the situation clearly evolved into the three Slimes helping Eleven train.

The three exhausted Electric Slimes were surrounded by Shi Yu in a triangle, with Eleven in the middle.

Shi Yu provided an electric ore. The Slime that absorbed a little energy had to release some electricity and let the little Beast in the middle train its body.

Although the Slimes were unwilling, they could only surrender due to the power of Shi Yu and the Iron-eating Beast.

It couldn’t be helped. Shi Yu’s control was too good. He definitely didn’t give the Slimes too much food. He had been keeping their battle power at the level of electric rubber, causing them to be unable to resist at all.

Regarding controlling food, because of Shi Yu’s rich experience with the green worm, the Electric Slimes were simply miserable.

Just like that, Shi Yu and the others only stayed in the magnetic mountain for a day before reaping the harvest from the large amount of Electric Ores and the slime’s discharge forging.

29th, noon.

At this moment, after a day, Shi Yu and the others had already gotten all the ores that were easier to find in the magnetic mountain area.

Eleven ate crazily while undergoing lightning training… Then, something went wrong.

“Wuuu!”

After being electrocuted once, the fluffy Eleven stretched out its palm.

In the next second, a blue and white electric current shot out of its palm and entangled crazily!

Intermediate-level skill, Thunder Palm!

“Holy shit.”

This change made Shi Yu, who was resting beside him, nearly fall.

What was going on?

Eleven… comprehended the Thunder Palm on its own???

Shi Yu hurriedly put the three Slimes in the Worm Silk Sack and returned to the previous safe area.

He found Yan Qi to register again and called out Eleven.

“Mr. Yan Qi, is the Thunder Palm you’re talking about referring to this?”

Bzzt.

The Little Iron Eating Beast stretched out its palm with an extremely serious expression. A second later, more than ten blue and white electric arcs shot out of its palm.

Amazing. There was no need for the skill index.

“Wuu.” This time, it had successfully learned a new skill without Shi Yu’s addition!

“Holy shit.”

Yan Qi exploded on the spot.

“How is that possible?”

“This doesn’t make sense.”

He looked at Eleven, the iron-eating beast cub that could already be filled with electricity, dumbfounded, and fell into deep thought about life.

“It’s only been a day. How can your Iron-eating Beast awaken its thunder talent so quickly?”

At the moment, his own Iron-eating Beast’s control over lightning seemed to be even inferior to this little Iron-eating Beast!

This was ridiculous. In general theory, it was impossible to awaken lightning talent so easily with just the electric ore and Electric Shock.

Otherwise, there wouldn’t be so few Iron-eating Beasts who mastered the Thunder Palm in the Bamboo Stone Martial Arts Hall…

He should still need the support of other steps. Why did Shi Yu and the others rely on simple materials to complete all the training in a day?

“Perhaps we worked very hard?” Shi Yu pretended to be in deep thought.

Yan Qi was suddenly speechless. Because every time he noticed Shi Yu and this iron-eating beast, they were definitely fighting, training, and eating!

It was rare to see them rest. They only rested for a while before quickly moving again.

He wasn’t afraid that he had seen a fake Iron-eating Beast. Are you sure that this was an Iron-eating Beast and not a hyperactive husky?

“It still doesn’t make sense…” Yan Qi looked at the little Iron-eating Beast. Even so, this talent was too strange.

“So this is the Lightning Palm, right?” Shi Yu chuckled. It was indeed unscientific.

However, he should know what was going on. Perhaps it was because of the high-speed healing.

The high-speed healing of wood-type skills was a form of use of one’s life force, representing growth.

In the system of the five elements and eight trigrams, lightning was also connected with wood. The damage caused by lightning forging the body was healed by wood-element skills. Not only did it increase the efficiency of training, but there was also probably some magical reaction between the two, which accelerated Eleven’s mastery process.

This didn’t make sense, but it was very surreal.

“I…” Yan Qi still doubted life.” Although its power seems a little weak, it’s indeed the Thunder Palm…”

“Well, the strength isn’t enough. At most, it touched the entry criteria. When the palm can withstand high-intensity electric currents and let the condensed lightning have a strong numbing penetrating effect, that’s when the Thunder Palm’s true power is.”

“I understand.” Shi Yu nodded, feeling happy.

This came without any effort. He originally thought that he would have to go to the dojo to replicate it before Eleven could master the Thunder Palm, but Eleven actually learned it himself. It was a complete surprise for Shi Yu.

From the looks of it, there seemed to be a certain connection between the different skills.

After learning one skill, learning another skill would be much easier.

For example, the Thunder Palm could actually be seen as a high-level skill for discharge. Since it could even use the Thunder Palm, it was actually equivalent to being able to use discharge as well.

However, although Eleven had learned it on its own, Shi Yu still decided to record the Thunder Palm in the index later.

In Shi Yu’s opinion, the skill proficiency function of the index was also very important. When a mid-level skill was maxed out, the effect was not necessarily worse than a super-level skill.

“Then can I trouble Mr. Yan Qi to help me register the Slime’s points?”

“Are you still going to the magnetic mountain area next?”

“No, there aren’t many electric ores over there anymore.”

Yan Qi :”…”

Beast!!!

The accumulated points of the electric ores were probably more than the three Slimes. These guys ate it all?

After Shi Yu left, Yan Qi still couldn’t calm down. He stiffly called Master Lin of Bamboo Stone Dojo.

“Yan Qi? What’s wrong?” Lin Hongnian’s master said.

“Master Lin, that Shi Yu indeed went to the Magnetic Mountain to train as I said.”

“Oh? How’s the effect?”

“The effect was very good. His Iron-eating Beast ate all the electric ores in the mountain. Then, they captured three Electric Slimes to assist in training. Now, it has successfully mastered the Thunder Palm.”

Lin Hongnian was speechless.

What was going on?