Chapter 48 - Always Making Money

Chapter 48: Always Making Money

Shi Yu was very pleased that Eleven had finally learned the first high-level skill.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Although it was still far from the legendary surmounting skill with the ability to move mountains and drain seas, or the divine skill that could change the world that was recorded in myths and legends… It was still a huge improvement.

However, looking at the “cooldown time: 48 hours”, Shi Yu fell into deep thought.

He didn’t prepare lunch for Eleven and the others immediately. Instead, he picked up the bottle with the divine beans.

One divine bean canceled out the 120-hour weak period. If another one came, could it immediately revive him to full health and even make things better than before?

The manual said that… the divine beans could be eaten in a large amount in a weakened state until the user recovered to their perfect state.

He bought the lowest-grade divine beans, so he didn’t have to worry about overdosing on this. Therefore, eating two or three in one go shouldn’t be a problem.

Amazing!

This was a joy that couldn’t be enjoyed with the Refreshing Capsule, which was a synthetic medicine.

However, Shi Yu, who was about to eat a second divine bean, quickly hesitated.

The effect of the divine bean was clearly greater than the 48-hour weak period. Wouldn’t it be a loss to directly eat it?

The manual didn’t say if he could split half of it and eat it. If he ate it like this, he would waste tens of thousands of yuan.

“The price of a divine bean is 100,000 yuan per grain.”

“Baby Ginseng’s whiskers are 50,000 yuan each.”

“So, maybe I can use another supplement next.”

“No, even the roots of a ginseng baby aren’t safe.”

Shi Yu took out the Centaurea Queen Bee’s Honey and placed it in a small bottle.

Although the Queen Bee had the word Queen, it wasn’t a monarch-level creature. It was just a commander-level creature.

This kind of creature grew by absorbing the nectar of different strange flowers.

There were also many other titles such as royal honey jelly and king bee jelly. They were supplements even in his previous life.

As for this world, the nourishing effect was even greater.

Shi Yu found his red date cup, poured out the contents, and poured in the supplement.

Although this small bottle of honey was worth 300,000 yuan, it could be used multiple times. It would be fine after warm water was poured into the inner pocket.

Therefore, theoretically speaking, using this supplement first was the best way to control the amount and strive to not waste anything.

Shi Yu soaked a third of the honey in a large cup.

After mixing it fully, he took a sip and waited.

This effect was much slower than the Divine Bean. Shi Yu waited for a few minutes before his body reacted.

Cooldown Time: 46 hours

After taking a small sip, his weakness period was reduced by two hours.

Shi Yu was excited on the spot.

“It’s so good to be rich!!!”

People got what they paid for, after all. The Refreshing Capsules he could buy outside the pharmacy didn’t have such an effect at all!

The Refreshing Capsule only relied on the effect of the medicine to forcefully restore his spirit. The cooldown time was even more impossible to directly jump up and down on a large cooldown number like this. At most, it was only a support recovery.

It was nowhere like the honey, which was greatly influencing the cooldown time… Shi Yu seemed to see a new life.

It would be fine if he didn’t go to this pharmacy in the future. He wouldn’t have to suffer the strange looks of the employees anymore.

He gulped it down.

Shi Yu took another sip and brought a cup with him.

He planned to clear the cooldown time today and teach skills again at night.

It was really good to spend money. His teaching efficiency increased immediately.

It seemed like the 10,000,000 starting capital wouldn’t be given for Eleven and the Green Silkworm to enjoy too much. It was better to use them to buy supplements for himself at a higher price.

He was probably the only Beast Tamer who could use these supplements to such an effect.

…

That night, Shi Yu drank almost half a cup of Happy Water.

His teaching cooldown was finally cleared.

Shi Yu was happy, but not too happy either.

Because he used a third of this honey to make this cup of Happy Water, half a cup was about 50,000 yuan.

However, he had only recovered 48 hours of weakness.

The divine bean worth 100,000 yuan recovered a full 120 hours.

The difference in cost-effective ratio was immediately obvious.

“It’s not quite right to calculate it this way. After all, the divine beans are mainly supplements to recover physical strength and energy, and apart from similar effects, the honey can also prevent diseases.”

Shi Yu couldn’t be bothered to count it. The problem now was that he had eaten supplements for the whole day and was a little too awake. It would probably be very difficult for him to sleep again.

“As expected, worm silk should still be the first choice for tonight’s teaching skills.”

“The eight-hour cooldown period of teaching the worm silk skill is suitable for sleeping.”

Shi Yu decisively went to look for the Green silkworm and taught it the fourth time. It was still at the expert level.

The proficiency level increased, but there was no qualitative change.

It looked like he still had to continue teaching if he wanted to reach the perfect level of the worm silk.

“It’s alright. In the future, I’ll just rely on teaching worm silk at night to tire myself and sleep. It’ll probably max out soon.”

“Not only can it increase the proficiency of the worm silk, but it can also prevent insomnia. It can promote sleep and ensure mental health. It’s amazing.”

…

August 2.

Morning.

Shi Yu took out another divine bean and half a bottle of Happy Water, planning to teach Eleven another high-level skill.

“Eleven.”

After Eleven’s morning training and breakfast, it was called over by Shi Yu again, which made it a little nervous.

To be precise, it had a bad premonition.

As expected, under Eleven’s gaze, Shi Yu’s right hand lit up again.

“Wuu!”

What was it this time?

The Little Iron Eating Beast covered its eyes.

“This time, it’s a skill that can increase the efficiency of training.”

Skill: Absolute Sleep

Skill Level: Advanced

< Introduction > It’s a spiritual skill that can allow one to enter a super deep sleep and quickly recover their various states.

Status: Can be taught

Absolute Sleep looked like it didn’t have much effect, but it was actually very strong.

In fact, after the pet entered the Beast Taming Space, its state was similar to this absolute sleep.

It could be said that if a wild pet mastered this skill, it was equivalent to carrying a partially functioning Beast Taming Space with them.

Moreover, it was a high-level Beast Taming Space.

Generally speaking, even if it was initial-level absolute sleep, the effect on the physical recovery of the pet should be greater than the Beast Taming Space of the Beast Trainer trainee.

If Eleven learned this, apart from some special circumstances, it basically didn’t need to return to Shi Yu’s Beast Taming Space to rest at all.

Unless Shi Yu could increase the level of the Beast Taming Space.

However, Shi Yu kept feeling that the speed at which he increased the level of the Beast Taming Space might not necessarily be faster than the speed at which Eleven increased the absolute sleep proficiency.

In short, after teaching Eleven this skill, as long as he had enough food to ensure its nutrition, coupled with absolute sleep and high-speed healing… Eleven could completely train on his own, and the training efficiency would be very high.

At the same time, if Eleven didn’t rely on the Beast Taming Space to rest, Shi Yu, the Beast Tamer, would have more time and energy to strengthen the Beast Taming Space and increase his Beast Tamer level.

This felt very right… Beast Tamers should grow up along with their pets.

Otherwise, when Eleven was already at the transcendent level, his Beast Tamer level would still be that of an apprentice. That would be awkward.

“Wuu—”

After Shi Yu introduced the skill, Eleven opened its eyes.

This skill was good!

“Not only that, after this skill’s proficiency is higher, it can be used in battle.”

The absolute sleep recovery speed of low proficiency was relatively slow, and the recovery efficiency was low. However, the absolute sleep of high proficiency might only require a short nap to recover a lot of physical fitness.

“At that time, when we encounter the enemy, we can directly multiply, harden, and charge forward with Thunder Palms.”

“If you’re injured, heal yourself with high-speed healing.”

“When you run out of stamina, quickly shrink and sleep. Continue fighting after being woken up. Have you learned it?”

Eleven nodded crazily.

Eleven understood! This strategy was pretty good.

That day, Shi Yu ate divine beans and drank Happy Water. He watched Eleven train on its own and recuperate.

He also concluded a life realization: It was awesome to spend money all the time.

…

With money, both Shi Yu and his two pets were clearly more comfortable.

He had taught two high-level skills in two days. He could still use his energy to teach worm silk every night. This was something Shi Yu did not dare to imagine.

On the third of August, Shi Yu originally wanted to repeat yesterday’s routine and continue teaching Deterrence. However, although there were supplements, Shi Yu couldn’t help but feel a little uncomfortable letting his body be put through this stress for two consecutive days.

Psychological factors were his concern.

“Forget it, I’ll take a day off today to teach a low-level skill to relax.”

In addition, he had previously promised to pay a visit to the Bamboo Stone Dojo when he was free. In the end, it had been two days and he had yet to leave. It was time to take a look.

After all, the dojo seemed to have prepared training resources for the iron-eating beasts. It would be a waste not to.

Bamboo Stone Dojo was also in Ping Cheng. If Shi Yu took a taxi, he could reach it in half an hour. However, before going, Shi Yu first investigated Bamboo Stone Dojo’s phone number.

He planned to make an appointment before visiting, in case the one in-charge wasn’t around when he arrived. That would be boring…

…

Inside the Bamboo Stone Dojo…

Was one of the iron-eating beasts’ headquarters in Donghuang.

The owner of the dojo, Lin Hongnian, was a rare master-level Beast Tamer in Icefield City.

Although he didn’t become an expert-level title because of an Iron-eating Beast, nor was his strongest pet… his representative pet was undoubtedly the Iron-eating Beast.

The Iron-eating Beast was the first pet Lin Hongnian had contracted. Because of this relationship, he had always hoped to find a better cultivation method or even an evolution method for the Iron-eating Beast.

Unfortunately, due to race restrictions, it had always been difficult for the Iron-eating Beast to break through a certain bottleneck.

It was the same even if he had developed two skills of other races that were very suitable for the iron-eating beasts to learn.

Over time, even if Lin Hongnian contracted a stronger pet, he couldn’t let go of this thought.

In the end, Lin Hongnian did not give up. On the basis of inheriting the Iron Bamboo Breeding Base of the family, he chose to open a Bamboo Stone Dojo and recruit disciples widely.

As long as it was a Beast Tamer who contracted an Iron-eating Beast, they could join the Bamboo Stone Dojo to learn.

Talented apprentices even had the chance to come into contact with Thunder Palm and Cannon Fist manuals.

He hoped to use this method to nurture more powerful Iron-eating Beast Tamers. At that time, more people would nurture Iron-eating Beasts. Perhaps, there would be people more talented than him who could find a better cultivation route for Iron-eating Beasts.

In the training ground of Bamboo Stone Dojo, ten apprentices of different ages were undergoing training with their Iron-eating Beast.

Bamboo Stone Dojo only accepted initial level apprentices and provided basic training content.

After becoming a professional Beast Tamer, one was almost considered to have graduated. However, there were also apprentices like Little Bear Yan Qi who gave up halfway after failing the vocation assessment.

Of course, this was only for ordinary apprentices. For talented apprentices, Hall Master Lin Hongnian would take them in as his personal disciples and teach them seriously without holding back.

Unfortunately, apart from his own daughter, no Iron-eating Beast Tamer had been able to enjoy the teachings as a personal disciple.

Although he had cultivated a bunch of professional Beast Tamers, Lin Hongnian still couldn’t find a disciple worth teaching with all his might.

Until Lu Qingyi found one and entrusted Lin Hongnian to help take care of him.

Since he had agreed to the request, no matter how talented or untalented that person was, Lin Hongnian would definitely do his best to teach him. After all, his two mid-level skill manuals were nothing compared to someone like Dr. Lu.

Then, Lin Hongnian heard Little Bear Yan Qi mention Shi Yu.

In less than a month, he had reached expert level Hardening.

Genius!

Moreover, if it was related to a genius like Dr. Lu, his future was immeasurable. It was entirely possible to nurture the iron-eating beast to the level of a monarch.

Such a genius Beast Tamer, even if he had no relationship to Lu Qingyi… He had to teach with all his might.

Lin Hongnian thought so at the start.

However, when Yan Qi, the little bear, told him that Shi Yu and the others had learned the Thunder Palm in a day, Lin Hongnian understood.

Sorry, he didn’t deserve to teach this person.

He himself also wanted to know how to rely on the Electric Slime and Electric Mineral to learn the Thunder Palm in a day.

“Father.”

On the high platform of the training ground, Lin Xiuzhu looked at his father, who was looking at the training ground below, and said in a low voice, “Let’s eat outside at noon, we’ll go to the Dragon Palace Fish Plant.”

Lin Hongnian frowned and said, “Have you completed your daily training?”

“Ah…” Lin Xiuzhu was speechless.

Lin Hongnian looked at his disobedient daughter and felt a wave of regret.

Originally, under his guidance, Lin Xiuzhu had a great prospect of passing the professional Beast Tamer assessment at the age of 18. Perhaps she could surpass him and nurture the iron-eating beast to the level of a monarch.

However, who knew that Lin Xiuzhu would actually choose the Feeding specialization and even choose to study the evolution research department of the Iron Eater?

At that time, he didn’t know what had gotten into him to agree. As for the outcome… Lin Xiuzhu didn’t get on either side. Her strength fell, and she didn’t research any results on the evolution path.

“We’ll talk about it after your training is completed,” Lin Hongnian said seriously and meticulously.

“But mom wants to eat fish,” Lin Xiuzhu said. “Not me.”

Lin Hongnian was silent for a moment.

“Just this time, then. You can’t waste your training in the future.”

Lin Xiuzhu :”…”

Just as the father and daughter were discussing what to eat for lunch, a dojo apprentice rushed over.

“Master Lin, a Beast Tamer named Shi Yu said that he might come to visit today and ask if you’re free.”