Chapter 42 - Electric Ore

Chapter 42: Electric Ore

Yan Qi didn’t chat with Shi Yu for too long. After all, he still had work to do next.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Eleven, I’ll take you to eat good food.”

In the afternoon, Shi Yu called Eleven out of the Beast Taming Space.

Eleven was exhausted from the battle and travel in the morning. It had only slept and rested in the Beast Taming Space for a while before it was almost completely recovered. This was the power of the Beast Taming Space.

On Shi Yu’s side, he rested a little and was rather energetic.

With a new goal, Shi Yu didn’t want to delay any longer and planned to continue setting off with Eleven.

“Wuu—”

In the outside world, Eleven’s figure slowly appeared. When it heard the word ‘eat’, it subconsciously wiped its mouth with its arm.

…

Due to the skill index, Shi Yu’s physique should be relatively outstanding among Beast Tamers of the same level.

When he prepared to set off again, the other candidates, regardless of whether they arrived at the safe area first or later, were still resting.

When these people saw Shi Yu and the Little Iron Eating Beast leave the safe area, they looked at each other… Didn’t they just hunt five Longthorn wild boars in the morning?

He actually went to hunt again in the blink of an eye. Was his liver alright???

If Chen Kai were here, he would definitely say, “As expected of you guys, you’re simply our role models.”

In the magnetic mountain area.

This was actually a mountain covered by a special electromagnetic field. The special environment made many magnetic metals known as electric ore appear here.XZ

Electric ore was very dangerous. It would suddenly release electricity, but this kind of electricity was also a favorite snack for many thunder-element creatures.

The map in the booklet marked that the magnetic mountain area was one of the most dangerous areas of Mt. Tian Mang. There were tenth-level ferocious beasts living there.

Moreover, most of them were thunder-element ferocious beasts known for their skill, attack power and destructive power.

Apart from that, the special magnetic field here, although not very strong, was also not suitable for Beast Tamers with weak physiques to stay long.

If too much time passed, it might have a certain impact on the Beast Tamer’s liver and brain, causing the Beast Tamer to hallucinate.

However, despite the danger, Shi Yu still had to come. Compared to the ruins, this place was already very friendly, and it even produced food.

“That’s the electric ore?”

With a clear target, Shi Yu, Eleven, and the others avoided some ferocious beasts to avoid wasting unnecessary physical strength. They only spent half an hour on the road before arriving at the edge of the magnetic mountain area.

At the border between the mountain and the ground, Eleven quickly discovered a special blue and white mineral. It howled and reminded Shi Yu.

The electric ore was a prismatic mineral, sandwiching between the ground and the magnetic mountain like a protruding rock. Electricity shot out from time to time. From the surrounding black scorch marks, the current strength didn’t seem to be low.

“In your hardened state, go break a piece to eat?” Shi Yu encouraged.

“Σ (° △ °lll) Well…”

To be honest, Eleven had never eaten electric ore before, just like how it had never eaten a Green Silkworm. Therefore, when it encountered such novel food, it would always doubt whether it could be eaten.

Foodies were also very particular. They didn’t eat everything.

If it ate something bad, it would affect his training.

“Don’t worry, it’s edible.”

The basic requirement for the Iron-eating Beast to eat a level-one thunder-element metal mineral resource was expert level hardening. Since Eleven was at that stage already, digestion would definitely be no problem.

“Wuu…”

When Eleven heard that, it reluctantly approached the electric ore carefully. It hardened its palm and pried with all its might.

Bang!

When the Electric Mine was pulled out, the lightning suddenly cracked, and the sound shocked Eleven, causing it to sit on the ground.

Shi Yu :”…”

How could it be so stupid? It was so fierce in battle, how could it explode from digging ore?

“Wuu!” Eleven also felt very embarrassed.

It hurriedly crawled up and picked up the fallen Electric Mineral again.

At this moment, the electric current stimulated Eleven’s entire body, making it feel numb. Its hair stood up, and it was very uncomfortable.

Whether it was before it ate the iron bamboo or before it ate the iron heart wood, Eleven could smell the fragrance of the food in advance.

However, this thing didn’t! Instead, it looked and felt very dangerous. Could it really be eaten?

Eleven turned around and handed it to Shi Yu. Maybe it would be better for the Beast Tamer to eat it first?

“It’s alright, eat it first. You don’t have to worry about your body getting injured. Your high-speed healing is already proficient, and the electrical burns in your body can also heal on their own.”

What Shi Yu said made sense.

He wanted the Iron-eating Beast to master proficient level hardening that allowed it to be fully armed before it ate the Electric Mine, so that the electric current wouldn’t hurt the fragile cells in the Iron-eating Beast’s body.

However, it was actually fine even if Eleven was injured.

The entry-level healing speed could heal external injuries. The proficient level healing speed could also heal the injuries in the body.

Therefore, there was no problem at all. Shi Yu was very relieved. Even with such a healing skill, Eleven could still eat a large amount of Electric Mineral in the short term. He did not have to worry about his body being burdened, and from that, he could awaken his thunder talent faster.

Expert level healing at a high speed… This was also why Shi Yu thought that Eleven could eat such big amounts of food in three days…

“Wuu—” Since the Beast Tamer had said so, Eleven showed a determined expression.

Crack!

It hardened its entire body and bit at the Electric Mineral in its mouth with its hardened teeth.

Crack! Crack!

Eleven tried hard to chew the electric ore. Under the pulsing current, it ate the electric ore like a candy.

After the chewing was completed, Eleven tried hard to swallow the Electric Mineral Fragment.

“Wu—”

As Eleven swallowed the electric ore, the electric current spreading in its body made it numb again. Then, Eleven was extremely shocked.

Although it couldn’t be said to be delicious, the numbing feeling after swallowing the Electric Mineral made it feel as if lightning had exploded in its body, making it feel very strange.

It didn’t reject this feeling. It even felt that it was as comfortable as during the special training. It seemed that it could really eat this?

“Burp ~” Eleven opened its mouth and spat out a weak electric arc. Then, it patted its stomach and looked at Shi Yu.

Anything else?

“Well… looks like there’s no problem. Then, let’s continue looking for more electric ore to eat,” Shi Yu said.

According to the description of the apprentice from the Bamboo Stone Dojo, after the Iron-eating Beast ate a large amount of electric ores, it would produce a certain amount of lightning affinity and accumulate a certain amount of lightning talent.

During this process, being struck by lightning more could also accelerate the development of thunder-element talent.

These were the basic conditions to master thunder-type skills.

In fact, Shi Yu was still very interested in thunder-element skills. If there were any fire ores or cold iron ores here, he definitely wouldn’t be so interested.

With the limited number of skills recorded in the skill index, compared to the Fire-Attribute Cannon Fist, he was more inclined to let the Iron-Eating Beast learn thunder-type skills.

The reason was very simple. Metal and thunder types were more compatible than metal and fire types.

For those powerful Beast Tamers, a single skill was only the foundation.

Only by combining different basic skills and forming a combination skill could one truly be considered to have entered the door of the pet taming industry.

Combination skills were very difficult for ordinary Beast Tamers because it tested the proficiency between different skills. If the proficiency was not high enough, the skills could not be perfectly combined and connected.

In a situation where the skill proficiency was really difficult to train, there were very few Beast Tamers who could have results that exceeded the original combination. It was basically something that only master-level Beast Tamers could do, but for Shi Yu, it might not be that difficult.

Because he could quickly increase his proficiency.

For example, he could upgrade Hardening to perfection. This skill could even form a long-range combination skill with thunder-type skills.

The perfect level symbol for Hardening Skill was flowing and superimposing. As for above that, the transcendent level symbol, it was releasing and applying. It was said that in the entire Icefield City, only one Iron-eating Beast had reached this level.

It meant that the Iron-eating Beast could use hardening substances to condense weapons that left its body, or stack a layer of hardening on other external items.

Shi Yu found this effect very interesting.

Therefore, Shi Yu was thinking about how violent it would be if Eleven condensed a metal cannonball in front of his palm after mastering Perfect Level Hardening and used the electromagnetic force to accelerate and throw it.

The Hardening skill at close range directly turned into a double-element high destructive long-range combination skill, Electromagnetic Cannon!

Metal and thunder types were the main cultivation routes for iron-eating beasts that Shi Yu had temporarily set.

Most pets only had one main attribute, and in order to form powerful combination skills, some powerful Beast Tamers liked to teach their pets skills with other attributes to assemble. The attributes of this secondary cultivation were usually called secondary attributes.

Shi Yu planned to focus on metal supplementary lightning. The main reason was that these two attributes were easier to form a combination skill. Compared to them, metal and fire elements weren’t that compatible.

“This is an Electric Scorpion?”

As they continued searching for the electric ore and Electric Slimes, Shi Yu and the others were the first to discover new electric ore. This time, the electric ores were not alone, but three or four combined.

However, unlike before, there was a ferocious beast guarding the side of the electric ore this time. The Electric Scorpion, which was the size of two forearms and had lightning patterns on its purple body, was absorbing the Electric Qi leaking from the Electric Mine.

[Name]: Electric Scorpion

[Attributes]: Thunder

[Race Level]: Low-level transcendent

[Race Skill]: Electric Thorn

Electric Scorpion can absorb lightning and store it in its body. Then, it will input poisonous electric currents into the enemy’s body with its tail thorn, killing the opponent.

Although its race was a low-level transcendent, on the same level as the green worm, it was much more threatening than the green worm.

“Zi!!”

At this moment, seeing other creatures approaching, the two Electric Scorpions, whose growth levels were around level five, seemed to be facing a great enemy.

But before they could react, they were held in Eleven’s hands. As for their electric spikes, they couldn’t penetrate Eleven’s hardening at all…

“Wuuuuu!!” Eleven’s arm shook like a windmill. It spun a few times and threw the Electric Scorpion far away.

Because the target was three level-ten Electric Slimes, Shi Yu simply ignored these minor characters.

After chasing away the competitors, Eleven started to dig these electric ores. Their goal… was to eat all the electric ores in the magnetic mountain area!

Since the registration fee had been paid, there was no need to save resources at all. Presumably, the Beast Tamer Association of Ping Cheng wouldn’t really mind the disappearance of these Electricity Ores either…