Chapter 41 - : Iron-Eating Beast’S Lightning Training Roads

Chapter 41: Iron-eating Beast’s Lightning Training Roads

“Oh, number one in the rankings has finally changed.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

In the main monitoring room, the five professional Beast Tamers were enjoying the air conditioner and started commenting on the real-time points.

They weren’t directly responsible for the security work. Generally speaking, the security company’s personnel were still in charge of rescuing the candidates.

“I think they hunted five Longthorn wild boars. Good lord, they look like a rather energetic combination of Beast Tamers and pets.”

With just a slight evaluation, they changed the topic. They didn’t pay too much attention to this change. After all, only a few hours had passed, and it was still a long way before the end of the assessment…

…

Professional Beast Tamers were undoubtedly Beast Tamers who had transcendent pets. However, those security personnel who had yet to pass the vocation assessment might not necessarily have transcendent battle power.

The Beast Tamer’s Beast Taming Space, upon reaching level two, will result in the spatial crystal wall turned from colorless to gray. The pet’s growth level would also have reached transcendent level. This was the basic condition for participating in the vocation assessment.

And the so-called professional Beast Tamer were elites selected from thousands of Beast Tamers who had fulfilled this requirement. They had to have theoretical knowledge, survival skills in the wild, and combat ability. They had to be very outstanding in all aspects.

Therefore, these Beast Tamers who were qualified to participate in the vocation assessment but didn’t pass it didn’t necessarily mean they were as lousy as most Beast Tamer trainees. Compared to them, the title of quasi-Class Beast Tamer was more suitable for the assessment qualifiers.

For example, Yan Qi, one of the security personnel this time, was a quasi professional Beast Tamer. His level was enough, and his pet level was also enough, but he just didn’t pass the vocation assessment and couldn’t sweep up others. That was why he didn’t get that certificate.

Yan Qi was a native of Ping Cheng. His initial pet was an Iron-eating Beast. He had entered the Iron-eating Beast’s base, Bamboo Stone Dojo, to learn. Therefore, he understood the Iron-eating Beast pretty well.

From the first moment he saw Shi Yu’s Iron-eating Beast’s performance through the surveillance cameras, he realized that Shi Yu and Eleven weren’t simple.

After staying in the Iron-eating Beasts’ headquarters Bamboo Stone Dojo for so long, he had never seen an Iron-eating Beast that mastered expert level hardening when it was still a cub. This was ridiculous.

After all, his Iron-eating Beast was already at the transcendent level. It had been cultivated for five to six years… The current hardening proficiency level had only just reached the expert level.

In short, Shi Yu was definitely not simple. Out of curiosity, when he changed shifts to rest, he used his private cell phone to call Bamboo Stone Dojo and found Hall Master Lin, who was a disciple in the dojo.

“Master Lin, do you remember me? I’m Little Qi, that Yan Qi with the nickname Little Bear.”

The other side of the phone said, “That Little Bear Yan Qi who participated in the two-year vocation assessment, hasn’t passed, and went to work at a security company?”

It hurt.

Yan Qi smiled bitterly. “Sorry, I’ve embarrassed our Bamboo Stone Dojo…”

“Master Lin, I’m currently in charge of security at the training base of Mt. Tian Mang. I encountered a very interesting Beast Tamer.”

“His Iron-eating Beast is only about two years old, but it has mastered expert level hardening. It’s so ridiculous. Isn’t this our Bamboo Stone Dojo’s new junior brother?”

“I really don’t have any impression of him, nor have I heard of him before, so I came over to ask you. By the way, his name is Shi Yu.”

Inside the Bamboo Stone Dojo…

In a very elegant room with mountains and rivers, a middle-aged man with a meticulous expression fell silent.

An iron-eating beast about two years old, expert level in hardening?

Was this Yan Qi sure that he wasn’t kidding? How was this possible?

It could be said that all the iron-eating beasts in the entire Icefield City were from the Iron Bamboo Breeding Base. If there were such a talented iron-eating beast, it was impossible for him not to know.

“What did you say his name was?”

“Shi Yu. His name is Shi Yu.”

Shi Yu!

“It’s him?” Lin Hongnian recalled that a few days ago, Dr. Lu from the Ancient Capital University came to visit him at Bamboo Stone Dojo.

The other party seemed to be saying that she had entrusted him to help nurture a distant relative… That relative was called Shi Yu?

Because Shi Yu’s initial pet was an Iron-eating Beast, she had found him.

Moreover, she even used a high-level resource obtained from the ruins as a reward.

Towards this Shi Yu, Lin Hongnian also investigated the situation of the pet collection in the Iron Bamboo Breeding Base. The result of the investigation was that… Shi Yu’s information was very ordinary. The pets were all bought with loans. He was a native of Ping Cheng. He had no idea how Shi Yu was related to Lu Qingyi, who was considered a proud daughter of heaven in the country.

However, he couldn’t not sell Dr. Lu a favor, not to mention that the other party had also given him a sufficiently precious reward.

“This Shi Yu, the iron-eating beast he received is clearly only a year old. Moreover, the time he received the iron-eating beast didn’t exceed a month, right?”

“Expert Level Hardening?” Lin Hongnian discovered the blind spot and his expression became serious.

“Did Dr. Lu help him nurture it using a special method?”

Otherwise, Lin Hongnian couldn’t imagine how a Beast Trainer could cultivate the racial skills of an Iron-eating Beast cub to expert level in such a short period of time…

Perhaps Lu Qingyi had given Shi Yu some rare cultivation resources.

“Master Lin, Master Lin…” Realizing that there was no sound for a long time, Yan Qi spoke again.

“Yan Qi, you mean that Shi Yu is training at Mt. Tian Mang, right?”

“Yeah.”

“Yes, I understand.”

“You do? So is he really an apprentice of our Bamboo Stone Dojo…”

Lin Hongnian said, “Not yet, maybe later. By the way, since his Iron-eating Beast’s hardening has reached the expert level and he is also coincidentally at Mt. Tian Mang with you there… Guide him to the magnetic mountain area. Let him mainly train there, even if it’s to lay the foundation for him to learn dojo skills in advance.”

“Huh?” Yan Qi had yet to react.

Damn it, what was going on? He hadn’t even entered the sect, and he was already teaching the unique skills of the dojo? He was so jealous…

…

At the safe area.

Shi Yu finished his hot instant noodles and ate two ham sausages. Only then was he barely not hungry.

After preparing to rest for a while, he went straight to the magnetic mountain area to find the Electric Slime to play with.

As for the five Longthorn wild boars, there was finally no need to continue dragging them. It was fine to leave them here.

“Shi Yu.”

While Shi Yu was quietly resting in the corner of the straw shed, the security guard who was in charge of registering his points came over again.

“What’s wrong?”

Shi Yu opened his eyes and turned to look at him.

Yan Qi chuckled and said, “It’s nothing. Let’s get to know each other. I’m Yan Qi.”

“Are you still planning to continue hunting in the afternoon?”

Shi Yu nodded.

“Then I suggest going to your magnetic mountain area. There’s electric ore there. It’s considered a level-one energy iron ore resource, one of the recipes for iron-eating beasts.”

“Electric iron ore?” Shi Yu recalled. This did indeed seem to be a recommended food in the Iron-eating beast cultivation manual, but the recommendation priority was not very high.

Compared to the Iron Bamboo, it was not very useful for hardening skills and its own growth. At most, it could be said to just fill one’s belly.

“Come with me.”

Yan Qi called for Shi Yu and planned to talk in a relatively empty place.

“What does this person want?” Shi Yu was stunned. He followed and decided to see what this security guard was up to.

“I’m actually an apprentice of Bamboo Stone Dojo. My initial pet is also an Iron-eating Beast. By the way, do you know what the two great mysteries of Bamboo Stone Dojo are?”

After leaving the straw shed, Yan Qi said.

“I remember that it’s a skill called Thunder Palm and a skill called Cannon Fist, right?” Shi Yu recalled.

So this guy was an apprentice from Bamboo Stone Dojo… No wonder he was so interested in him and the Iron-eating Beast.

The Iron-eating Beasts taught by the Bamboo Stone Dojo were famous for their ability to control fire and lightning. Their unique skills were the Thunder Palm and Cannon Fist. Of course, Shi Yu knew this. After all, he still had to go to the dojo to learn later.

“Well, it’s the Thunder Palm and Cannon Fist. With special cultivation methods, there’s a chance that the Iron-eating Beast can awaken the ability to control fire and lightning.”

“For example, if you want to control lightning, one of the basics is for the Iron-eating Beast to eat some metal minerals with the nature of electricity, like electrical minerals.”

“Why are you telling me this?”

If a pet wanted to master skills other than species, it had to undergo targeted cultivation. Food was a very important part of it, and Shi Yu knew this.

However, just eating electric ore was definitely not enough. Otherwise, this would not have become the unique skill manual of the Bamboo Stone Dojo.

Even if the evolution method wasn’t as complicated as the Green Silkworm to the Goddess of Light Butterfly, it was impossible for only one food to be enough.

“I heard from Master Lin of Bamboo Stone Dojo that you might be going to the dojo to learn later, so I greeted you in advance.”

“The minimum requirement to eat an electric ore is for the Iron-eating Beast’s hardening to reach the expert level. Your Iron-eating Beast’s hardening has already reached the expert level. It definitely won’t be a problem to perfectly absorb the nutrition of the electric ore.”

“If you plan to enter Bamboo Stone Dojo to learn in the future, the most suitable training environment for you at Mt. Tian Mang is actually the magnetic mountain area. There are many electrical ores there, and many thunder-element creatures…”

“Eating electric ores and letting the body constantly receive lightning attacks is actually the basic training to master the Thunder Palm. I think you can come into contact with it in advance.”

Skill: Thunder Palm

Skill Level: Intermediate

< Introduction > It’s a thunder-type skill. It gathers high-intensity electricity in the palm, making the palm like a sharp blade with strong penetration power. It has a paralyzing effect.

Yan Qi said with a smile, but he sighed in his heart. This was because his Iron-eating Beast was already at the transcendent level and had yet to successfully master the Thunder Palm. It could only have a tiny electric current lingering around its palm, unable to form a skill at all.

If he could master the Thunder Palm, he would have long passed the vocation assessment.

The Thunder Palm alone was already powerful. If it was a combination skill of Hardening and Thunder Palm… That power was something Yan Qi looked forward to.

“Is that so, thank you.”

Shi Yu did not expect that before he even went to visit Bamboo Stone Dojo, there would already be apprentices from the dojo who knew him.

Was this the first lesson that Hall Master Lin had taught him?

Initially, he had planned to go to the magnetic mountain area to replicate the multiplication skill. Now, it seemed that there were other reasons why he had to go.

When it came to food… Shi Yu felt that the electric ores in the magnetic mountain area no longer needed to be exchanged for points. If Eleven’s combat and training intensity were too high, the ores would probably enter Eleven’s stomach for the next three days.