Chapter 59 - New Record

Chapter 59: New Record

“President?”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

As the third stone giant statue lit up, the secretary looked at the president of the association.

The record… was broken?

President Feng was slightly stunned.

The third trial that the Beast Tamer trainees of the Beast Tamer Troops had not overcome for so long… was defeated in less than half an hour after this batch of Beast Tamers entered?

Should he consider increasing the training volume of the Beast Tamer Corps?

At this moment, He Biao, the deputy commander of the Beast Tamer Troops stationed in this place, also walked out of the camp with a whoosh and walked to President Feng and the others.

“What’s going on!” he shouted.

“It’s obvious. Among the Beast Tamers I brought over, someone has already overcome the third trial…”

“The standard of our army really needs to be improved.”

“F*ck this. You guys are just spouting nonsense. Why don’t you pay up to train them!” He Biao, the deputy regiment commander, spat.

“You want a good horse, but you don’t feed it grass. How can there be such a good thing?”

The president’s secretary was silent beside him. She was already used to it. These two were life-and-death friends. They had a life-and-death relationship during the beast tide ten years ago and had a very good relationship. It was common for them to talk and fight.

President Feng fell silent. He also wanted to pay more. Wasn’t Ping Cheng poor? It wasn’t his fault.

“President, who could it be? Could it be your nephew…”

“The second stage, level ten Frost Stone Giant.”

“The third stage, level-ten Ice-Armored Giant.” President Feng narrowed his eyes and shook his head. “I know my nephew’s strength.”

“He has very good talent. Perhaps he can pass, but he definitely won’t pass so quickly. There must be someone else.”

He had trained his nephew before coming, so he knew very well.

The president’s secretary coughed dryly and said, “What if? Maybe your nephew performed extraordinarily this time.”

“Impossible, if it’s him, I’ll eat…”

“What will you eat? Fried Green Silkworm?” He Biao looked at him. “Freeloading meals again?”

“I said, I’ll still doubt it.” Chairman Feng straightened his clothes.

However… Who could it be? The three Beast Tamers who ranked first in the three assessment rankings, or the Beast Tamers recommended by the various dojos?

For a moment, President Feng couldn’t make a judgment.

He looked in the direction of the stone statue with a deep gaze, curious if the fourth stone could light up.

…

Back in the ruins, in the third trial space…

Shi Yu picked up the translucent stone in the shape of a pebble that the Ice-Armored Giant had dropped and fell into deep thought.

It wasn’t an energy crystal anymore. Not bad, not bad… But what was this?

“Wuu.”

Eleven, who was beside him, also looked confused.

This thing… It had never seen or eaten it.

“My cell phone can’t be connected to the Internet here. I can’t check…”

“This…”

Shi Yu was not in a good mood.

The awards should have been exciting and tense, but in the end, it was something he didn’t know. This was uncomfortable.

“Forget it, I’ll put it away first. I’ll find out after I go out.”

Shi Yu placed the transparent stone in his backpack and looked around. He sensed the environment through telepathy.

Alright! Apart from the first trial space reacting, there was no reaction from the second and third trials.

He continued…

“Why don’t you sleep on the spot for ten minutes before we continue the next round?” Shi Yu looked at Eleven and suspected its condition.

After all, the Ice-Armored Giant’s hammer just now directly sent Eleven flying.

After adjusting its state, the next stage would have a higher success rate. Only then could he better investigate the truth of history.

It didn’t matter if the reward was there or not. The main reason was that he didn’t want history to be hidden.

“That doesn’t seem to be what I said in the previous stage… Forget it, the meaning is similar anyway.”

“Wuu.”

In order to not get beaten up in the next round, Eleven nodded obediently.

Its concept was very simple. It could get injured during its training, but not during battle!

That would make it seem like its training was for nothing, after all…

Then, Eleven became smaller, slept, and quickly recovered.

After another delay, they stepped into the teleportation array of the fourth trial.

…

“Has the environment changed?”

Just as he opened his eyes, Shi Yu realized that he was already on a certain mountain in a snow mountain environment.

Eleven was beside Shi Yu. They looked down and saw a snowstorm coming from below.

Under the gathering of countless ice elements, a wolf-shaped creature gradually formed.

Name: Snow Wolf

[Attributes]: Ice

[Race Level]: High Transcendent

[Race Skill]: Ice Crushing Fang, Ice Splitting Claw, Cold Breath, Snow Concealment

Whoa, it was an old friend.

Seeing that it wasn’t the Stone Giants this time, but the Snow Wolf, Shi Yu was immediately intrigued. Eleven was also eager to give it a try.

However, soon, Shi Yu and Eleven’s expressions collapsed.

Even Eleven, who hoped to test the results of the training through battle, showed a difficult expression.

Because, under the gathering of the ice elements, the snow wolf was only the first creature to appear.

At the next moment, nine more snow wolves formed.

Right on the heels of that, ten of the wild boars living in the snow mountain, mid-level transcendent Ice Fang Boars, appeared.

Then, another ten Ice-Armored Beast, ten Ice Scaled Snakes, and ten Snow Apes appeared!

The snow mountain where Shi Yu was this time was very large. They were scattered everywhere, but Shi Yu and Eleven could see everything clearly on the mountain.

There were a total of 50 creatures!

Don’t tell them that the fourth stage was to defeat all the creatures in front of them…

Shi Yu: ◐ˍ◑

Was this place a sore loser? What was this unfair wave of beasts?

Eleven:◐_◑

Eleven also felt a hundred million pressure.

If the fourth level was already like this, how was he to fight the fifth level?

Fortunately, unlike the first three levels, the aggro of these ferocious beasts was not on Shi Yu and the others at the moment.

They had ample time to develop strategies and think about how to clear the level.

“I miscalculated!!!” Shi Yu was filled with hatred as he stood on the snow mountain peak.

He observed carefully and discovered that fortunately, these ferocious beasts’ growth levels didn’t seem to be high. They didn’t reach level ten.

But even so, the difficulty completely exceeded the previous round.

Shi Yu hated it. Why didn’t he teach deterrence to expert level previously?

Otherwise, at this moment, Eleven’s expert level deterrence might directly defeat 50 ferocious beasts in an instant.

It was fine even if it was the multiplication point that was at the expert level. When the time came, Eleven, who was dozens of meters tall, would crush them with a stomp.

Unlike now, where it was neither right nor wrong to fight…

“Why don’t we go out and develop for another half a month before coming back?” Shi Yu suggested.

“(っ`- ́c) Au!”

Eleven took a step forward.

No, it was already here. It’ll try before going back.

The Iron-eating Beast was fearless!

“Do you want to fight?”

It wasn’t that Shi Yu felt that he couldn’t fight, but with its current strength, even if it passed, it would be very difficult.

“Their numbers are huge. Even if they attack together, it won’t be that easy to cooperate.”

“Your whole body should be covered constantly with hardening. They basically can’t break through your defense. What’s tested is your physical fitness.”

“In this aspect, you have absolute sleep and the shrinking ability to deal with it. It’s not like there’s no hope of clearing it.”

Shi Yu slowly analyzed and said, “Wanna try?”

Eleven nodded.

Soon, Eleven skied down the mountain (rolling like a ball).

“Wuuu!!!”

It was a life risking fight. This was a rather tragic battle no matter how it looked at it. It would kill a bunch of them with its steel rolling tank move first.

…

In the outside world.

It had been a long time since the third stone statue lit up.

At this moment, more and more people came out.

In the ruins, as long as the Beast Tamer put the pet back into the Beast Taming Space and confirmed the “exit” with his mind, he could easily return.

Because of this, as long as Beast Tamers didn’t court death too much, there usually wasn’t much danger.

“Chen Kai… One… One stage.”

After coming out, the Beast Tamers had to accept the soldiers’ questions and register their battle results.

Chen Kai, who was a top student, felt very uncomfortable.

He had only passed one level!!!

Most of the people present only passed one round.

The Frost Stone Giant in the second stage was already very difficult to deal with, let alone the third stage.

Thinking about it, it made sense. The ruins space might be used by a powerful Beast Tamer Tribe that could seal super creatures like dragons for their young clansmen to train.

In terms of difficulty, definitely not everyone could pass it easily. No matter what, Ping Cheng was only a third-rate small city.

“White Stone, level two.”

“Qiao Liang, level two.”

“Jiang Rui, level two…”

These people had all defeated the level-ten Frost Stone Giant but were beaten up by the Ice-Armored Giant.

Originally, when everyone had this battle result, it was nothing.

However, when the people who came out realized that the third stone statue was bright, their minds immediately went blank.

“Holy shit, someone defeated that Ice-Armored Giant?”

The third stone statue lit up, which meant that someone had already passed the third level.

“Well, who passed the third round?”

A Beast Tamer asked the soldier who registered for him.

The soldier Beast Tamer glanced at him and shook his head. “How would I know? He hasn’t come out yet.”

“The third stone statue lit up half an hour ago. That person is probably challenging the fourth level now?”

“F*ck…” The Beast Tamers who came out collectively cracked. He defeated the Ice-Armored Giant more than half an hour ago? This person. Was he really human?

The Beast Tamers came out one after another. Then, even the two that got first place in the other two professional assessments came out.

They also couldn’t pass the third round. This couldn’t help but disappoint President Feng, He Biao, and the others, who were all waiting.

“Cheng Gong, the third stage.”

However, at this moment, as a Beast Tamer with a poor expression came out, he immediately attracted everyone’s attention when he registered.

“You passed the third level?” The registered staff looked at the pale-faced Beast Tamer in front of him and asked.

“Mhm.” Cheng Gong looked at the third stone statue that lit up, as well as the shocked gazes of the surrounding people, and his heart was immediately filled with satisfaction.

Although he was defeated in the fourth round, he had at least broken the record!!!

He didn’t embarrass Old Feng, did he?! He looked for President Feng.

“Brother, you’re awesome!” The soldier couldn’t help but give him a thumbs up and say, “You cleared three levels in ten plus minutes. Impressive.”

“But why did it take so long to come out? Is the fourth level very difficult? Speaking of which, what’s the fourth level?”

“The fourth level… isn’t something that trainee Beast Tamers can pass at all.” Cheng Gong couldn’t help but grumble, but suddenly, he felt that something was wrong.

When did he clear the third level in ten minutes? The third level clearly took a long time…

He was rather confused. At this moment… the fourth stone statue lit up with a hum.

Everyone turned their heads in confusion. They were first stunned, then shocked.

“The fourth stone statue lit up too!”

Everyone naturally knew what this meant.

Outside a certain camp, President Feng was also shocked. The fourth level… was it really cleared?? He roughly knew who it was.

Lin Hong was an old thief. What was wrong with this Shi Yu??

At the same time that the president’s secretary and deputy regiment commander were shocked, they looked at the register near the stage… It really wasn’t President Feng’s nephew?

At the same time.

At the moment, the only top student in the city who had seen the difficulty of the fourth level, Cheng Gong, was confused.

“This… How is this possible? How can a person clear the fourth level…? 1VS50!!”