Chapter 56 - Entering The Ruins

Chapter 56: Entering the Ruins

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Icefield City, in a valley on the outskirts of Ping Cheng.

There were already many layers of blockades established here. There was a Beast Tamer Corps stationed here, and more than ten professional Beast Tamers were present. Their goal was to protect the entrance of the ruins that appeared in the valley.

Outside the silent valley, soldiers stood guard everywhere like towering rocks. They only turned when they heard the sound of a car driving.

After discovering that it was a vehicle gifted by the Beast Tamer Association, a sergeant gave the order:

“Let it in!”

The next moment, the pass at the sealed area opened, and the car Shi Yu and the others were in successfully entered the valley.

“We’re here.”

After a bump, the group from the Beast Tamer Association finally arrived at their destination. In the car, Shi Yu looked out the window and felt that the environment was unfamiliar.

He had never been to this place before, but from the surrounding environment, it seemed to be pure natural, unlike Mt. Tian Mang where there were signs of artificial modification.

Such a place… was usually more dangerous.

“I’m starting to look forward to it.” Beside Shi Yu, the young doctor, Qiao Liang, was overwhelmed with emotions.

“Ruins? I didn’t expect to have the chance to come into contact with them.”

“I originally planned to be a medicine seller for the rest of my life. Looks like there’s still a chance to change my luck…”

“If I don’t gain anything this time, I won’t struggle to be a professional Beast Tamer anymore. I might as well live in peace with my girlfriend who I had just gotten engaged to in her hometown.”

Qiao Liang looked at the photo of his girlfriend in his wallet and asked Shi Yu, “You definitely don’t have a partner yet, right?”

Well, after all, his body was so weak. Which girl would like that?

Shi Yu shot him a glance and said, “Do you know what you’re doing?”

“In our hometown, your behavior is called setting flags.”

It was usually very difficult to return safely.

They were showing off their love to him? Didn’t they know that archeologists were all wiped out in movies?

Shi Yu did not expect that this doctor was even better than him in establishing a Flag!

“Uh.”

The doctor clearly realized that he had made too many red flags and couldn’t help but feel guilty.

Sigh… The association had already confirmed that the ruins aren’t too dangerous. It should be fine, right? He thought.

“But speaking of which, the ruins this time have made those soldiers suffer…”

He hurriedly changed the topic. “The Beast Tamer Troops are strong because of their teamwork, but this ruin can only be explored independently, greatly weakening their performance. It’s not surprising that they can’t overcome the ruin.”

The young doctor looked at the Beast Tamer Corps’ probationary-level soldiers standing guard and resting in the outside camp and said, “Although their personal qualities are good in various aspects, they might not necessarily have an advantage over us in terms of pet cultivation.”

In this day and age, the Beast Tamers who went to the Beast Tamer Troops basically had poor family conditions.

They contracted the pets distributed by the association, received unified training, and used quantitative resources. Perhaps the teamwork, combat, willpower, and execution were very good, but after all, the resources the association could provide to the base members of the army were limited. Compared to some Beast Tamers who were willing to pay a lot of money to their pets, these soldiers would definitely be lacking in some aspects.

Of course, it couldn’t be ruled out that some Beast Tamers were rich and had also gone to accept the arduous training of the army camp. Such a big boss would indeed be very strong.

However, such a person would only go to the special elite training camp in the city. It was unlikely that they would stay in a small Ping Cheng.

If the Beast Tamer trainees of the Beast Tamer Troops could level the ruins, the Beast Tamer Association of Ping Cheng wouldn’t place their hopes on these Beast Tamer trainees from various fields anymore.

“Perhaps…” Shi Yu had just finished speaking when he was immediately interrupted.

“Alright, we’ve arrived at our destination. Let’s get off.”

The car drove all the way outside the center of the blockade line, and as the president in the car stood up and spoke, the intern Beast Tamers in the car became restless.

In accordance with the order, the Beast Tamers in the car started to get off.

In the car just now, President Feng introduced the environment of the valley to everyone and the experience concluded by the soldiers of the Beast Troops entering the ruins.

Therefore, when they got out of the car, everyone was already mentally prepared.

“So cold…”

But even so, the environment in the center of the valley still made many Beast Trainers shiver.

It was as if there was no sunlight here and it was filled with cold mist. The people who got out of the car only felt that their vision was blurred.

In the environment he was in, it seemed that he could only see a withered sun on the horizon.

A thin layer of frost hung on the surrounding mountains, trees, and plants. This was under the premise that the surrounding camp had heating facilities. Otherwise, the surroundings would probably be even colder.

According to President Feng, the elemental creatures in the ruins were mainly ice-element creatures. At the moment, the ruins space and the blue planet space were in a half overlapping state, so the internal situation affected the outside world.

It wasn’t just the temperature that was affected… Everyone looked at the six stone giant statues in the heavily sealed area, which were several meters tall, and the thing in the center that looked like a formation, and fell into deep thought.

This was what appeared after the ruins overlapped with Blue Planet, the “Earth” that Shi Yu was in right now.

The formation protected in the middle by the six stone giants was the spatial door that led to the ruins.

As for the six stone giant statues, they seemed to be guardians of the ruins, but they were clearly dead.

“This…”

When Shi Yu saw the stone giant statues around the arena, he felt a little panicked.

After all, this stone giant statue looked a little similar to the one in the Association Garden District… He had broken off the conversation with the previous one. Could these be its relatives or something?

At the moment, as everyone looked at the six stone giant stone statues, they could clearly see that the first two stone statues flickered with light, while the other four were dim.

President Feng of the Ping Cheng Association stood forward and said, “According to our guess, these six stone statues might represent the cracking progress of the ruins.”

“Our Beast Tamers of the Beast Tamer Troops triggered the stone statue’s reaction when they passed the first two trials in the ruins.”

“Therefore, we speculate that there are a total of six stages in this ruin. As everyone has seen, our progress is now stuck at the third stage.”

Although President Feng had already told everyone about this in the car, everyone couldn’t help but feel puzzled when they saw the six stone statues.

If the Beast Tamer Corps’ intern Beast Tamer could only pass two stages… How many more stages could they themselves overcome?

Because they had heard the information about the checkpoints in the car, most of the people present did not even have the confidence to pass the three levels.

Not to mention the last three stages that had no information at all.

President Feng smiled and said to everyone, “You don’t have to feel too much pressure.”

“Every time you pass a level, the ruins will give a certain amount of rewards. This is a very good opportunity to improve yourselves.”

“Besides, this isn’t the only opportunity for you to enter. In the next month, you can enter at any time and undergo repeated challenges.”

“The nearby camp is equipped with an infirmary, a resting area, and perfect facilities. After the backup work, it will all be prepared by the Beast Tamer Association of Ping Cheng. Your mission is to challenge the checkpoint as much as possible and work hard to become stronger!”

“Tell me, are you confident!!!” President Feng’s narrowed eyes suddenly widened as he shouted.

This change directly gave many Beast Trainers a fright, making some people subconsciously reply loudly, “Yes!!!”

“Very good!” President Feng said. “Prepare yourselves a little. After you’re ready, you can apply to enter the ruins.”

“Remember what I said in the car. You have to prioritize your own safety!”

As soon as he finished speaking, the new Beast Trainers nodded.

Nearby, the soldiers guarding the perimeter were silent and expressionless.

Although they didn’t say anything, they suspected if these Beast Tamers with different abilities and qualities could really do better than them??

…

In the crowd, Shi Yu listened quietly and continued to recuperate. His gaze kept moving across the stone statues.

Occasionally he would concentrate, trying to see if he could hear any more sounds of history, but there seemed to be nothing.

After observing for a long time, he finally gave up on this behavior. He planned to enter the ruins to take a look.

He sighed. He thought he could awaken the giant of light at once and let the six giants recognize him as their master. Clearly, he was overthinking.

“I don’t know about the latter three stages, but maybe I can do the third stage that no one can overcome at the moment.”

After analyzing it in his heart, Shi Yu relaxed. He walked to register and decided to enter the ruins immediately.

Not only him, almost all the new Beast Tamers decided to explore the ruins immediately.

Once they passed the ruins trial, they would receive rewards and the honor of representing their strength. Everyone was eager to try such a good thing.

“I feel that this fellow will definitely obtain pretty good results. He might even have a chance of passing the third round.”

In the crowd, Chen Kai searched for Shi Yu among the students and thought to himself.

“This monster can definitely pass the third level.” Jiang Rui and the others from the Bamboo Stone Dojo also looked at Shi Yu’s figure.

It was said that the third trial in the ruins was an Ice Armor Giant with a growth level of tenth level awakening and a low class commander rank.

The Ice-Armored Giant was an elemental transcendent creature. Its strength was not bad, and the few racial skills it had reached the proficient level.

Although this kind of strength couldn’t be considered very strong for the new generation geniuses in big cities, it was indeed a little pressure for the Beast Trainers in small places like Ping Cheng.

“Enter.”

Soon, someone finished registering and walked to the shining arena’s array. Then, the figure blurred and this person disappeared from the spot.

Shi Yu didn’t waste too much time. He registered and walked onto the stage, landing on the array in the middle of the six stone giants.

After he went on stage, a few more gazes looked at him, including President Feng of the Ping Cheng Association.

“This person is number one on Mt. Tian Mang’s training. The Iron-eating Beast has expert level Hardening?”

“Lin Hongnian asked me to pay attention to him. He said that he would definitely give me a surprise. I want to see what kind of surprise it will be.”

As Shi Yu’s figure disappeared from the stage, President Feng looked in the direction of the snow mountain. It was really a troubled era this year.

There was a beast tide earlier, and now ruins… He didn’t know if the two were related…

This time, apart from the new 80 explorers, the Beast Tamer soldiers who had entered the Beast Tamer Troops previously would also enter again.

The Beast Tamer Association selected a batch of people from among them and focused on nurturing them. Everyone’s strength improved temporarily.

For the sake of the exploration speed of the ruins, the Beast Tamer Association of Ping Cheng had already decided to give it their all.

At the same time.

Stepping onto the stage, under the light, Shi Yu, who had decided on the words “enter the ruins”, felt his mind go blank.

[After completing the six trials, you can obtain the ownership of the ruins and the key to history.]

In his daze, Shi Yu didn’t know if he had heard a new voice. In the next second, he seemed to have undergone Stellar Transposition and Space Transformation as he stepped into another space.

Shi Yu opened his eyes. He was already on a white glacier. It was not large and was surrounded by a spatial crystal wall.

Before he could react, countless ice elements gathered in the distance, and a giant-like creature formed.

< Name > Frost Stone Giant

[Attributes]: Ice

[Race Level]: High Transcendent

[Race Skill]: Ice Hammer, Cold Breath

[Introduction]: A mutation of the stone giant, an Ice Stone Elemental Creature. Its frozen arm hammer is extremely strong, and the cold breath it spewed can easily freeze everything.

The first environment of the ruins was an icy plain space. There was only Shi Yu alone. Inside, there was a Frost Stone Giant with a growth level of eight…

This was the first trial of the ruins.

“Eleven.”

Beside Shi Yu, the Little Iron-eating Beast walked out of the Beast Taming Space with an excited expression and looked at the enemy.

The Panda King roared, “Wuu!!!”