Chapter 52 - Don’T Bite Off More Than You Can Chew

Chapter 52: Don’t bite off more than you can chew

Combination skills were very difficult.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

It didn’t mean that if an Iron-eating Beast mastered Hardening and Thunder Palm at the same time, it could combine the two skills.

Even if it only used both Hardening and Thunder Palm on his palm at the same time, it wasn’t that easy to do.

First, he had to consider whether his pet had the ability to use two skills at the same time. Second, he had to consider whether the energy of the two skills would conflict.

If he wanted to resolve these contradictions, there was no doubt that he had to solve them by increasing the proficiency of his skills.

Only when the proficiency of the skill was enough and the pet was extremely familiar with a certain skill could this skill be combined with other skills to be used.

The higher the skill proficiency, the higher the combination skill completion.

There was a saying in the Beast Taming Domain: Combination skills might not be the strongest, but the strongest skills must be combination skills.

Therefore, on the basis of this sentence, the high-level Beast Tamers gave the combination skill of two and more perfect-level skills a name, called “profundity”.

Whether a pet could master the profundities was often the most critical factor in evaluating the level of cultivation of a Beast Tamer in a higher field.

It was clearly a little early for Shi Yu, who wasn’t even a professional Beast Tamer.

It was even very early for professional Beast Tamers.

After all, even ordinary professional Beast Tamers might not necessarily be able to train their pets’ skills to perfect proficiency.

However, because he thought highly of Shi Yu’s talent, Lin Hongnian still chose to broaden Shi Yu’s horizons in advance.

He hoped that Shi Yu could work hard in this direction!

At the side, after Lin Xiuzhu finished introducing the profundities of the “Thunder Armor”, Lin Hongnian looked at Shi Yu without leaving any trace, waiting for Shi Yu’s shocked expression.

Geniuses were geniuses, but being compared to a senior like him who had sufficient accumulation, he was definitely still a little lacking.

This experience could be used by Shi Yu and the others.

However, Shi Yu’s next words made Lin Hongnian’s heart skip a beat.

“This Thunder Armor… feels like it can still be improved?” Shi Yu discovered the flaw in the Thunder Armor.

“Why do you say that?” Lin Xiuzhu didn’t understand.

“Because the iron-eating beast’s vision isn’t very good. With the speed just now, I wonder if it can control its movements well…”

The strong Iron-eating Beast beside him was stunned.

Lin Hongnian was also stunned.

How could there be perfection? It was already very fragrant to have this move to deal with opponents with large bodies and not good speed.

Shi Yu added, “If there’s a perception skill that can predict the enemy’s movements or clearly capture the enemy’s position, the effect of the Thunder Armor might be stronger.”

He looked at Eleven.

Perfect Level Hardening plus Perfect Level Thunder Palm plus Perfect Level Super Sight… This felt like the perfect Thunder Armor profundity.

However, this was more like a three-skill profundity.

As for facing a large-sized opponent, wouldn’t it be better if it was Perfect Level Hardening+Perfect Level Thunder Palm+Perfect Level multiplication!

“The key is that it’s not easy for iron-eating beasts to learn perception skills.” Lin Hongnian’s face was speechless.

Did this person think learning skills was that simple? He could go ahead and try learning it if he wanted!

“However, your idea is pretty good. Every profundity isn’t perfect. It has its own flaws and shortcomings. By integrating new skills into the combination profundities, it can increase the effect of the profundities.”

“Of course, this is still too far from you. Your current goal should be to train the Iron-eating Beast to increase the proficiency of the Thunder Palm.”

“Then, try the simple combination of hardening and Thunder Palm.”

“It’s not easy to increase the proficiency of Thunder Palm. After all, this skill isn’t an Iron-eating Beast’s racial skill.”

“From initial level to proficient level, the palm needs to have extremely strong endurance and lightning resistance.”

“To be proficient in it, the pet needs to have strong energy control and strong physical support.”

“As for going from expert level to perfection, during the training process, a single mistake will cause the pet to be covered in injuries. The training process is extremely dangerous!”

“Every step is very particular. In short, if you have any problems in your cultivation, come and find me.”

Although he had shown Shi Yu the characteristics of the Thunder Palm at each proficiency stage, there were still many ways to practice in this direction.

“Alright, I’ll work hard.” Shi Yu nodded.

At the side, Little Iron Eating Beast Eleven kept feeling that the two of them weren’t on the same wavelength.

It was right.

Lin Hongnian thought that he would first let Shi Yu develop a normal combination skill that was proficient in hardening and proficient in the Thunder Palm. This skill was enough for Shi Yu to pass the vocation assessment in the future.

Shi Yu was thinking about when he could reach Perfect Hardening, Perfect Thunder Palm, and Perfect Multiplication to directly activate the Thunder God Armor Mode… He could destroy a city with one strike.

Skill index really was a good thing.

…

Then, Sister Panda began to introduce Shi Yu and the others to the training hall facilities.

There were all kinds of targeted equipment to train the Iron-eating Beasts, but Eleven felt that it was a little boring.

It didn’t look as ferocious as jumping off a building…

One of the rooms was an electricity-generation training room specially designed for Iron-eating Beasts to train their lightning resistance. The highest it could provide was transcendent-level electricity.

There was also an electric swimming pool nearby. Not only could it train the iron-eating beasts to fight in the water, but it could also increase their lightning resistance.

Eleven liked it a lot.

Apart from that, things like the canteen and infirmary were standard.

Shi Yu looked around and nodded. If he could use the equipment here, it would indeed be more scientific and comprehensive than the Iron-Eating Beast working itself to death.

Most importantly… They could eat and drink for free here!!!

In order to find out what the food in the dojo was, Shi Yu deliberately stayed until it was time for dinner today.

“Father…”

Lin Hongnian was hurriedly summarizing his insights into cultivating iron-eating beasts, planning to give it to Shi Yu before he left.

At this moment, Lin Xiuzhu knocked on the door and entered.

“Have they finished eating?” Lin Hongnian asked. “It’s still to their liking, right?”

Lin Xiuzhu pondered. “It should be very suitable. Shi Yu is alright. That little Metal-eating Beast ate a lot.”

Lin Hongnian smiled and said, “If it really is as self-disciplined as you say, it probably will have a lot of exercise. It’s normal to eat a little more.”

Lin Xiuzhu said, “Electricity Mine, Iron Bamboo, Iron Heart Wood, Gold Spirit Mine Spring, and the growth package of the special gold and lightning dual-element energy crystals in our dojo. It ate the double portion of normal Iron-eating Beast training.”

Lin Hongnian raised his brows. “That is indeed a lot, but that’s normal.”

“But this is only their appetite in the afternoon when they only fought one battle and didn’t do any training…”

Lin Hongnian fell into deep thought.

He felt that he had to prepare more food resources in the future.

However, it wasn’t a big problem. He still had enough food. It was just an Awakening Stage Iron-eating Beast. No matter how much nutrition was needed, would it be more than when it needed to grow into a commander rank Iron-eating Beast?

At the same time.

Shi Yu was taking a walk in the martial arts hall. He was in a good mood.

With the guarantee of absolute sleep and accelerated digestion in the Beast Taming Space, he didn’t have to worry about Eleven eating too much. He could completely absorb the nutrition.

At this speed, he was confident that he could nurture Eleven to transcendent level in a few months.

In this world, the average lifespan of iron-eating beasts was around 35 years old.

Usually, when wild iron-eating beasts had sufficient nutrition and good growth conditions, it would take about ten years for them to naturally grow to the transcendent level.

Generally speaking, iron-eating beasts around this age had long become adults. They were in their mature prime and could be considered the normal growth speed of the iron-eating beasts.

As for the Iron-eating Beasts with Beast Tamers, they could accelerate the process. For example, Eleven. It looked like there was hope of accelerating his growth to the transcendent level before it became two years old.

“In the vocation assessment, there’s no need to worry too much about Eleven’s level, but my own level…”

Shi Yu stopped. It looked like he had to see if there were any cultivation resources that Beast Tamers could use. Just the supplements weren’t enough.

In the evening.

Shi Yu planned to bid farewell to Lin Hongnian and Lin Xiuzhu and go home for the night. After all, there seemed to be a worm at home that he needed to feed.

Before leaving, Lin Xiuzhu handed the metal-eating beast advanced training manual to Shi Yu.

“This contains the training method for each stage of the Thunder Palm. Remember to keep it well. All the best!”

After Lin Xiuzhu handed the skill manual to Shi Yu, he waved his fist.

She could tell that her father had placed all his hopes on Shi Yu, hoping that Shi Yu would nurture the iron-eating beast to break through the racial limit.

Shi Yu took the skill training manual and looked at Lin Xiuzhu. “Don’t worry…”

As long as there was enough food in the dojo, Eleven would not disappoint everyone’s expectations. Otherwise, Eleven would not feel at ease eating this meal.

Eleven wasn’t like him, who could accept everything with a clear conscience.

It was said that after a Beast Tamer and their pets contracted for a long time, their personalities would affect each other. Shi Yu was also very curious as to who could affect whom between him and Eleven…

…

At night, when Shi Yu returned home, the green worm was still sleeping.

Apart from eating, this guy slept. He was even more of an iron-eating beast than Eleven.

Since it was sleeping, Shi Yu decided not to feed him anymore…

After a simple shower, Shi Yu prepared supplements and called Eleven over.

“Wuu—”

After so many times, according to Shi Yu’s tone, Eleven knew what he wanted to do to it!

Eleven obediently ran over to the training hall. After staying at the Bamboo Stone Dojo for the whole afternoon, it had an eye-opener.

The attitude displayed by Lin Hongnian’s Iron-eating Beast deeply attracted Little Eleven.

Eleven: (๑ • ᄇ • ́) ๑ “Come on, Beast Tamer! Show me your limits!”

“You’re getting more and more accepting…” Shi Yu was speechless.

However, in Eleven’s opinion, it was just harvesting results in advance. It was overdrafting consumption, training, and sweat before replenishing it. Was there a problem? No problem.

Skill: Thunder Palm

Skill Level: Intermediate

< Introduction > It’s a thunder-type skill. It gathers high-intensity electricity in the palm, making the palm like a sharp blade with strong penetration power. It has a paralyzing effect.

Status: Can be taught

Shi Yu had a day off today and planned to only teach mid-level skills.

Buzz!

After Shi Yu added the points, Eleven’s Thunder Palm proficiency immediately went from initial level to proficient level.

As for Shi Yu, he fell asleep after drinking less than half a cup of honey milk.

Eleven looked at Shi Yu and dragged him to the bed. After covering him with the blanket, it immediately ran into the courtyard.

The long night was coming, but Eleven had absolute sleep at its side. Did it care about the night? It didn’t care.

Tonight, it was going to train hard and combine the Thunder Palm and Hardening.

Tonight would pass like this, night after night.