Chapter 57 - Historical Image

Chapter 57: Historical Image

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

On a large white glacier, Shi Yu looked into the distance.

A hundred meters away, a Frost Stone Giant was floating over.

Although this creature was called a giant, it didn’t look like a person, because it didn’t have a lower body.

Its main body was like an irregular cylindrical shape, its body was fat like a small mountain.

Because it was an elemental creature, it could float at a low altitude. The most eye-catching thing about it was its huge arm that was nearly as tall.

This was the main organ used to cast the Ice Hammer skill.

“This is the first time I’m seeing a Frost Stone Giant…”

Shi Yu smiled and looked at the one eye that looked like an energy crystal on the other party’s huge mouth.

He said rather sincerely, “Hello, friend, we’re actually not here to fight. We were invited by your Big Brother Stone to restore the truth of history.”

“Look, there’s no need for a fight… Just get whatever reward you have…”

Eleven, who was getting ready to fight, was stunned.

“???”

Not fighting?

As expected, Eleven was still too young. Why would Shi Yu fight something that could be solved with a chat?

However, when Shi Yu tried to use telepathy to negotiate, the approaching Frost Stone Giant had already launched an attack. It didn’t care about virtue.

Dozens of meters away, it had already begun to open its mouth and spit cold air.

In an instant, a cold aura that looked like a condensed ice mist swept towards Shi Yu and the others.

A thick layer of ice formed on the glacier land where the icy mist passed.

Its performance power was roughly equivalent to a strengthened version of a fire extinguisher? The ice-blue cold air was like a gradually spreading ray.

It could be said that it was fortunate that this stone giant’s cold breath skill was only at entry-level. Not only was its shooting speed slow, but its frost power was also not strong enough. Otherwise, the first stage would be enough to make many people suffer.

“Tch… I can’t communicate with him.”

“Eleven, directly finish the other party.”

At the same time that Shi Yu took a small step back, he directly issued an order, leaving Eleven speechless. They should have done this from the start!

Eleven looked up and focused. With super vision activated, everything in the outside world seemed to slow down.

The range of the cold aura wasn’t large, and the powerful area was only a few meters. The energy that spread out was only equivalent to ordinary cold air. Eleven, with his thick skin, didn’t even need to harden before choosing to pass through it head-on.

The Frost Stone Giant breathed as it floated closer. Eleven also attacked the stone giant like a ferocious beast. When the two parties were about to get close, the threat of the cold breath increased. In the next instant, it easily dodged the high concentration of cold breath nearby with its super vision and circled around the stone giant, not giving the slow stone giant any chance to react.

Boom!!!

Eleven suddenly pounced over, and only then did the Expert Level Hardening. He hit the Frost Stone Giant with his palm.

Crack!

With just one hit, the three-meter-tall Frost Stone Giant shattered from the hit point, transforming into countless ice elements that disappeared in front of Shi Yu and the others.

At the same time, a blue energy crystal fell from the Frost Stone Giant’s disintegrated body.

Moreover, not far away, a bright Teleportation Array appeared on the glacier ground.

“As Lu Qingyi said, the creatures here are indeed not real life forms, but something similar to elemental clones…”

Seeing the Frost Stone Giant collapse, Shi Yu stood on the spot without moving. He quietly looked at the ice elements in the sky.

At the same time, he observed his surroundings and didn’t forget his most important goal of entering the ruins.

What was this place trying to tell him?

“In the most widespread story of the Snow Queen in Icefield City, an ice dragon descended nearby and triggered the Little Ice Age.”

“Then, the Beast Tamer Tribe, which settled in Icefield City in ancient times, started a war with the Ice Dragon.”

“The icy plain environment in the ruins, is it simulating the environment after the Ice Dragon descended?”

As he was guessing… Shi Yu’s mind was in a daze as countless voices entered his ears.

Sounds of battle and communication.

His brain rumbled, and just like the voice of the stone statue, it triggered the traces of history.

At this moment, as the voices interweaved, Shi Yu seemed to see brief images.

It was an image of a group of young boys and girls in ancient clothes resisting the snow mountain beast tide.

The image was very short, and it almost disappeared in a flash. Shi Yu returned to his original state and remained silent on the spot.

“What’s this?” Shi Yu couldn’t help but ask.

“That… was that something that happened a long time ago?”

If Shi Yu wasn’t wrong, his gift of listening to the Voice of History had just taken effect again.

He saw the scene of an ancient Beast Tamer riding a Frost Stone Giant and fighting a group of snow mountain ferocious beasts!

Apart from that, there was nothing else.

Shi Yu fell into deep thought again and deduced from the clues he saw.

He simply restored the history of Icefield City according to the current information:

[A Beast Tamer Tribe lived normally around Icefield City. One day, an ice dragon descended and triggered the Little Ice Age.

The Little Ice Age changed the surrounding environment and affected the normal life of this Beast Tamer Tribe, so this Beast Tamer Tribe decided to attack the Ice Dragon.

However, because the ice dragon was too powerful, this Beast Tamer Tribe could only seal it on the snow mountain with special methods.

However, although the ice dragon was successfully sealed, it couldn’t change the already formed environment.

The Beast Tamer tribes could only adapt to new environments. Their totem stone giants also began to mutate towards the Frost Stone Giant.

At the same time, the number of extraordinary creatures with ice attributes had also greatly increased because of the evolution of the environment.

Moreover, due to the influence of the sealed ice dragon, the snow mountain ferocious beasts were very violent and often raised beast tides.

Therefore, for the next hundred years, this Beast Tamer Tribe was doing work to resist the beast tide.

Until now, the Ice Dragon Ruins and the Beast Tide still existed, but this Beast Tamer Tribe had already disappeared for various reasons.

The ruin before them was a mystic realm modified by a legendary Beast Tamer who was about to die after the tribe sealed the ice dragon for a long time. This was to train the clansmen.

Therefore, the environment in this ruin is inclined towards the icy plain…]

“Is that so??” Shi Yu looked up, but there was no response.

At this moment, Eleven picked up the blue energy crystal and ran back.

“Wuu!!!”

Spoils of war!!!

Eleven was excited.

This thing… it had seen and eaten it.

In the nutritional meals of the Iron-eating Beasts in the Bamboo Stone Dojo, energy crystals with both gold and thunder attributes were provided.

The so-called energy crystal was formed when the elemental energy concentration reached a certain level. It was a universal resource to strengthen the pet’s attributes.

However, there were very few of them. The higher the quality, the rarer it was. Although the strengthening effect was more singular than most food, it was better, so it was very expensive.

What Eleven had eaten was a level-one energy crystal.

And this ice-element energy crystal seemed to be also level one.

“As expected, the reward is still this?” For the time being, he didn’t think about whether he had heard or seen the scene just now. Shi Yu looked at the energy crystal.

It was alright. If it were before, he would definitely be very happy to have picked up an ice-element energy crystal. Although the attributes were wrong, if he sold it, he could also exchange it for a lot of iron bamboo.

However, the current them did not lack resources of this level at all. However, considering that this was only the first trial, and almost everyone could obtain one, Shi Yu was relieved. The rewards later would definitely be better.

“Forget it. Since there’s no response, let’s continue challenging the level and see if we can find anything new.” Although Shi Yu felt that the speculation just now corresponded to many things, the truth was definitely not that simple. The Ice Dragon story might have hidden things, but other aspects might not have changed.

After all, this Ice Dragon part of a very widespread historical story had been refuted by the stone statue once before. However, ignoring this place, the background of the ruins might really be a mystic realm for training to resist the beast tide. He sighed. The main thing was that it lacked key information!

Shi Yu looked at the summoning array not far away and planned to challenge the second trial.

But before that, Shi Yu took the energy crystal from Eleven’s hand and said, “You can’t eat this. You’ll get diarrhea.”

“Give it to me. I’ll change it into ice cream for you to eat when we get home.”

Eleven: ..◔‸◔.