Chapter 53 - Panda King Eleven

Chapter 53: Panda King Eleven

On August 4, early in the morning, hunger woke Shi Yu up.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

When a weakened person skipped just one meal, the hunger would be unbearable. They had to be full in the morning, afternoon, and evening.

“Ha—” Shi Yu yawned and stretched before getting out of bed.

Shi Yu put on his cat slippers and pushed the door open.

In the courtyard, Shi Yu wasn’t sure if Eleven had slept that night. When he went out, he happened to see Eleven sitting under the tree thinking about bear life.

In the birdcage on the tree, the green worm looked at Eleven quietly because it didn’t sleep as soundly as Shi Yu. It was woken up by this bear.

“Ji—”

The green worm shed tears. Not only had it seen the steel plate training at four in the morning, it had also seen the Iron-eating beast that stayed up late to discharge electricity!

Under the moonlight, the lightning was dazzling, like thousands of birds crying together. How could it sleep!

“What’s wrong?”

Shi Yu casually asked Eleven.

“Wuu!”

Eleven turned around and stretched out her hand. It meant that it was so difficult to combine Hardening and Thunder Palm…

It seemed a little difficult to assemble the expert level Hardening and proficient level Thunder Palm.

It studied for the entire night. It tried supper plus absolute sleep plus constant trying, but it still didn’t successfully complete the combination skill.

“Then the skill proficiency is still lacking. It’s alright, let’s eat first. I’ll give you some more later.”

“You can make it up after you work hard.”

What a Beast Tamer who was good at understanding his panda’s will.

…

Using this breakfast, Shi Yu got Eleven and the Green Silkworm to destroy the remaining food resources in the house.

After that, he would just go to the dojo to eat.

However, the dojo was too far away. It was a waste of time to go there every day. After all, he might not necessarily need to use the training equipment of the dojo every day…

Well, he would go and ask later if they provided packing and take-out services.

That day.

Shi Yu arrived at the dojo again.

However, this time, not only was Panda Senior not around, but Lin Hongnian was also preparing to go out.

This was also normal. Senior Panda spent most of her time studying Iron-eating beasts in the breeding base. Meanwhile, as a master-level Beast Tamer, it was impossible for Lin Hongnian to stay in the martial arts hall all the time.

“Shi Yu.”

“You participated in the assessment at Mt. Tian Mang, so you probably want to explore that ruin.”

Before leaving, Lin Hongnian asked.

“Yes.” Shi Yu nodded.

“According to the feedback of the Beast Tamer trainees in the Beast Tamer Troops, that ruin is indeed very suitable for training. With your strength, you might have an unexpected gain.”

“Jiang Rui and the others will also explore the ruins this time. You guys can compete again.”

Lin Hongnian looked in the direction of the snow mountain and sighed slightly. “I’m leaving Ping Cheng for a period of time. If you have anything you don’t understand in the martial arts hall, you can ask Xiuzhu directly.”

Master Lin left in a hurry, and Shi Yu had yet to ask if there was any delivery service at the dojo… Helpless, he could only run to the canteen to ask.

In the canteen, the middle-aged man said, “Of course. Most of the Iron-eating Beast nutritional supplements and food in Ping Cheng, no, Icefield City are basically ordered here. There has to be a delivery service.”

“Hall Master Lin said that you can freely use the cultivation resources of the dojo and support delivery. You just need to tell me the number, address, and delivery time.”

“Alright, thank you.”

When he heard that it could be delivered to his door, Shi Yu immediately felt comfortable. Then… he would first order three times the normal Iron-eating Beast’s appetite daily.

However, from the looks of it, Panda Senior’s family was more generous than he imagined!

That made sense. How could a normal family afford a private panda breeding base?

After making an appointment for three days of food resources, Shi Yu left the dojo.

“Three more days.”

There were still three days to the exploration of the ruins organized by the Beast Tamer Association.

On August 7, Shi Yu could follow the large group into the ruins.

Because he had heard that it was a trial-type ruin, Shi Yu decided to take advantage of the past three days to desperately increase Eleven’s strength again using the skill index.

Now that he had so many supplements, food, and nutritional supplements, Eleven’s strength could definitely welcome an explosive increase.

After returning, Shi Yu directly prepared all the supplements and started teaching Eleven how to use deterrence!

He planned to first teach all the high-level skills before helping Eleven increase the proficiency of Hardening and Thunder Palm to complete the combination skill.

Eleven covered its eyes and left a gap to silently bear the weight.

Skill: Deterrence

Skill Level: Advanced

<Introduction> It’s a spiritual skill. It can intimidate, overwhelm, and lead creatures with its aura. It can also make creatures much weaker than itself faint. It’s a symbol of “king aptitude”.

Status: Can be taught

At a certain level, the deterrence skill could actually be said to be a common skill. Transcendent creatures above the level of monarchs could automatically awaken it.

However, among awakened, transcendent, and commander rank pets, it would be very impressive if they could master deterrence.

It had not grown to the level of a monarch, but it could grasp deterrence in advance. This almost represented that this pet had the potential of a monarch.

As the largest official breeding base in Icefield City, there were really crouching tigers and hidden dragons. Powerful beasts all around them. It seemed that the owner of that snow wolf was not simple either.

Shi Yu didn’t know much about deterrence skills.

He only knew the symbol effect of deterring for the first three proficiency stages.

Initial level: Intimidate the opponent, weaken the opponent’s fighting spirit, and increase one’s own willpower. It has a certain commanding effect on creatures of the same race.

Proficient level: It can directly destroy the opponent’s will and stun the opponent, causing mental damage.

Expert Level: Can carry out a large-scale deterrence. A glance can make countless creatures faint with spiritual aura.

As for Perfect Level Proficiency and Transcendent Level Proficiency, he really couldn’t find it on his cell phone. However, Shi Yu could guess it pretty easily.

In short, being classified as an advanced level skill, the skill potential was naturally very high.

“Teach.”

“From today onwards, you are the Panda King, Eleven!”

Shi Yu reached out and touched Eleven’s head.

As the light flowed in, Shi Yu swallowed the divine bean with difficulty before heaving a sigh of relief.

At this moment…

In the empty courtyard, as Shi Yu completed his teaching, Eleven closed his eyes to receive the experience. Time seemed to have stopped.

One second, two seconds, three seconds…

A moment later, Eleven opened its eyes. The fallen leaves on the ground trembled. There was clearly no wind, but all the leaves rustled. The scene was extremely abnormal.

Boom!!!

A moment later, Eleven opened its eyes. The fallen leaves on the ground trembled without wind. There was clearly no wind, but all the leaves rustled. The scene was extremely abnormal.

A young little king of beasts was still a king.

Eleven opened its bright eyes. Every movement revealed a natural domineering aura, blooming with a ferocity that made one’s heart tremble.

“That’s it???”

However, Eleven soon couldn’t hold it in anymore and was questioned by the Beast Tamer.

Shi Yu looked at the strange and cute Iron-eating beast in front of him and did not feel the aura at all.

Damn, the appearance of the Iron-eating beast cub was too harmless!!!

Even with the support of mental deterrence, the effect was limited at the moment.

It seemed that Eleven had to grow up a little or multiply in order to make the enemy truly afraid in terms of vision.

“Wuu.”

Eleven canceled the uncontrollable deterrence skill and showed an aggrieved expression.

This skill didn’t feel that useful… It didn’t understand the effect.

“Ji—”

However, just as Shi Yu and Eleven were complaining that the deterrence skill was still waiting to be upgraded, the green worm with white eyes fell from the tree. It had been affected by the deterrence.

Looking at the green worm that had fainted on the pile of leaves, Shi Yu and Eleven fell into deep thought.

Shi Yu: “Deterrence Skill… Isn’t it only at the proficient level that there’s a certain level of mental shock effect??”

But this Green Silkworm…

The corners of his mouth quickly twitched as he understood. The weakest of the pet world. As expected of you, you can be scared even by this?