Chapter 55 - Departure

Chapter 55: Departure

On the day that Eleven completed the initial Hardening and Lightning Palm combination skill, Shi Yu used the ginseng baby whiskers to replenish his health again.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

In the afternoon, he taught hardening again without any burden.

This time, it was considered the third lesson on the foundation of Eleven’s expert level Hardening.

After that, Shi Yu’s teaching intensity temporarily decreased.

They were about to enter the ruins the day after tomorrow. Although there were supplements, they had to control themselves a little. After all, the weakened state still had some psychological impact.

It didn’t matter if he had a good physique. Shi Yu felt tired!

Beast Tamers had to worry about their lives.

Relying on the Happy Water to replenish his energy for the night, Shi Yu taught the worm silk skill again before sleeping.

August 6th.

Shi Yu’s teaching frequency slowed down again. He only taught hardening once during the day.

In addition to the worm silk that night, with the supplements, his condition was basically adjusted to its optimal state.

In short, after the assessment at Mt. Tian Mang ended, Shi Yu basically spent the entire week at home to increase his strength.

Apart from going to Bamboo Stone Dojo a few times, he didn’t go anywhere else.

And the achievements he obtained were naturally extraordinary.

< Name > Iron-eating Beast

[Level of Growth]: Level 7 Awakening

[Skill]: Hardening (Expert+4), Thunder Palm (Expert), Super Sight (Proficient), High Speed Healing (Proficient), Deterrence (Initiate), Absolute Sleep (Initiate), Multiplication (Initiate)

< Name > Green Silkworm

[Level of Growth]: Level 7 Awakening

[Skill]: Worm Silk (Expert+6)

Up to now, Eleven had already mastered two expert-level skills, two proficient-level skills, and three entry-level high-level skills.

Among them, one of the two expert skills was a mid level skill. Although the other was a low-level skill, it was Eleven’s own racial skill. Moreover, it was taught four more times by the skill index after reaching expert level.

It could be said that although Eleven’s growth level was only at level seven, in terms of battle power, Shi Yu felt that it was comparable to the cub of a monarch-level transcendent creature of the same race…

As Eleven’s Beast Tamer, Shi Yu really wanted to retreat strategically. This little guy was already invincible among its peers.

At this strengthening speed, Eleven was getting out of control.

Well… As for being comparable to a young divine beast, Shi Yu didn’t have any fantasies. After all, he didn’t know how powerful a young divine beast was.

To be precise, he didn’t know much about the cubs of monarch and overlord-level creatures.

As for the Green Silkworm, it had been taught so many times that its growth speed was naturally very fast.

After the Worm Silk Expert level, it basically increased its growth level every two times he used “teach” on it. Its growth speed was far faster than Eleven’s, and it had directly caught up to Eleven’s growth level.

Of course, this was also related to the fact that it was an insect-type creature. Although its growth level had increased, its battle power was obviously weak.

As a result, Shi Yu did not pay much attention to the changes in its growth level. After all, before its evolution, the growth level of the green worm had no reference value.

“After entering the ruins, I’ll see if there are suitable evolution materials inside. If there are any gains…”

On the morning of August 7, Shi Yu said to the dispirited Green silkworm. If he had any gains, he felt that he could take the time to nurture the worm next.

After all, if he could nurture a monarch-level Green silkworm to evolve, he would have a second contracted pet. At that time, it and Eleven would be a pretty cool combination!

“Ji—”

Shi Yu welcomed the Green Silkworm’s cry filled with complicated emotions…

…

Today was the day that the professional Zhou Wanshan of the training base at Mt. Tian Mang mentioned to lead the candidates into the ruins.

Shi Yu asked around these two days. Combined with Lu Qingyi’s introduction previously, he had a deeper understanding of this ruin.

Only Beast Trainers with a level-one Beast Taming Space could enter this ruins steadily.

Apart from Beast Tamers of this level and their contracted pets, any other creature that entered either caused the instability of the ruins or couldn’t see anything after entering. They also couldn’t come into contact with the things inside the ruins.

As he had obtained information about the interior of the ruins, Shi Yu considered it for a moment. For the time being, he did not bring the burden, the Green Silkworm, along with him like he did during the previous training. Mainly, because there was no connection to the Beast Taming Space, he could not guarantee that the Green Silkworm could successfully enter the ruins and not leave him at all times.

In short, this place was very strange. It was so strange that it seemed to have been specially customized for Shi Yu. It was very difficult for Shi Yu not to guess that someone was behind this, waiting for him to explore.

It seemed like an unknown life form was controlling the ruins, as if it wanted to test Shi Yu!

This was Shi Yu’s guess.

After all, no matter what, this ruin was awakened by him.

Of course, it was also possible that it wasn’t a life form, but the “spirit” Lu Qingyi mentioned, which was also a trace of history that produced consciousness.

Until now, no one had been able to completely research a consciousness like “spirit”.

Early in the morning, Shi Yu returned Eleven to the Beast Taming Space at home and headed to the Beast Tamer Association with some anticipation.

No matter what secret was hidden in this ruin, he, the Mythical Scholar, the Archeologist, and the Beast Tamer, Shi Yu, had decided to explore it.

He had to finish exploring the ruins he had summoned even if he had to cry.

“This day has finally come.” The archeological soul in Shi Yu’s body became active again.

Indeed, it was better to go out and court death. After this addiction, he would definitely develop well and lead a stable life.

That morning.

About 80 people gathered at the designated location of the Beast Tamer Association.

These 80 people were all elites among the Beast Tamers in Ping Cheng.

Their pets’ growth levels were basically above level seven. Moreover, their species level was not low, and they had proficient racial skills.

Most of these people were geniuses who had passed the Beast Tamer Association’s assessment.

Apart from those who accepted the assessment and obtained spots, there were also candidates directly recommended by the local dojos and schools.

For example, apprentices like Jiang Rui from the Bamboo Stone Dojo were recommended by the Bamboo Stone Dojo. They could follow this trip directly into the ruins to explore.

To be precise, this exploration was the third exploration of the Beast Tamer Association in Ping Cheng.

The first exploration was when the ruins first appeared. Beast Tamers of various levels in the vicinity came to study the ruins.

During that exploration, they discovered the secret that only trainee Beast Tamers could better excavate the ruins.

The second exploration was when the Beast Tamer Association of Ping Cheng mobilized the elite soldiers of the local Beast Tamer Corps and sent them to explore the ruins.

During this exploration, the Beast Tamer Association roughly understood what kind of ruins this was.

This was the third large-scale exploration.

The Beast Tamer Association of Ping Cheng had organized outstanding Beast Tamers from all walks of life in Ping Cheng!

This exploration was a trial for the Beast Tamer trainees in Ping Cheng, and also a gift!

After all, according to the experience of the previous exploration, there was still a certain amount of rare resources in the ruins. Although it was very difficult to obtain, it did exist.

Seizing the opportunity, every explorer had the hope of using this to increase their strength.

“I wonder if anyone in this batch of Beast Tamers can crack the ruins.”

In the tall building of the Beast Tamer Association, the president of the Association in a gray suit silently watched the latest batch of explorers gathered below.

This ruin had descended in Ping Cheng. According to the Dong Huang Ruins Method, the local Beast Tamer Association had the priority to explore.

However, if the Association of the Region couldn’t crack the ruins within a certain period of time and control it completely, the exploration rights of the ruins would gradually be opened.

It would be publicized to the nearby districts, counties, and cities!

At the moment, the priority to explore this ruin was still Ping Cheng.

But after a month, if they couldn’t crack the ruins, the Beast Tamers in the other districts, counties, and even downtown areas of Icefield City could come and explore and share the pie.

If it was still impossible to crack after a period of time, the Beast Tamers of the cities outside of Icefield City could also interfere in this ruin. At that time, the resources obtained would not belong to Ping Cheng or even Icefield City.

Therefore, the president of the Beast Tamer Association of Ping Cheng hoped that the candidate to crack the ruins would appear in Ping Cheng. This was because only in this way would Ping Cheng City’s Beast Tamer Association and Ping Cheng gain more benefits.

If he missed this opportunity to develop quickly, he might not encounter such a good thing again.

…

“A total of three familiar faces?”

There were only 80 people in total. After careful observation, it was still easy to recognize.

Outside the Beast Tamer Association, Shi Yu saw the top student, Chen Kai. This fellow was pretty lucky to have barely entered the top 20 of the assessment.

In addition to Chen Kai, he also saw Jiang Rui from the Bamboo Stone Dojo and the other four apprentices.

Because he had only fought Jiang Rui, he was more familiar with this person.

Apart from them, Shi Yu also saw the young doctor from the Hundred Herb Hall’s pharmacy beside his house. This fellow was also a Beast Tamer intern. She was the one who had told Shi Yu about the ruins. Shi Yu didn’t expect her to come too.

To be precise, there was still a familiar face left. It was the judge who presided over the competition between him and Chen Kai that day, White Stone.

He wasn’t very old either, looking to be in his twenties. It looked like he was also a Beast Tamer intern. However, for him to be a judge of the battlefield hall, apart from being a judge and a graduate of the venue management specialization… His strength must be pretty good.

“Everyone’s here, right?”

Seeing that it was about time, a man in a gray suit with narrowed eyes walked out of the association.

Seeing this person, the 80 Beast Trainers stopped talking.

The president of the Beast Tamer Association in Ping Cheng… Master-level Beast Tamer!

“Then let’s go.” He narrowed his eyes and said to his secretary beside him.

Soon, the sound of a large car engine that had stopped outside the Beast Tamer Association rumbled as it started.

“Everyone, get in the car in an orderly manner. Next, I’ll lead you to the entrance of the ruins.”

In the crowd, Shi Yu followed in the car. Chen Kai, Jiang Rui, and the others also saw Shi Yu, but because they had other companions, they only greeted Shi Yu.

However, the young doctor from the pharmacy was alone. He took the initiative to sit beside Shi Yu.

He said, “Good lord, why are you here too?”

“Your body… is it alright???”

Although Shi Yu had not bought supplements from him for nearly half a month, the young doctor still had a pretty deep impression of Shi Yu.

“There’s nothing wrong with my body. It’s very good,” Shi Yu said.

The young doctor smiled, clearly not buying it.

How could he buy medicine at that frequency if he was in good health?

However, he didn’t expect Shi Yu to obtain the qualification to enter the ruins.

It looked like he was still an inspirational Beast Trainer.

“It’s strange. I don’t know why, but recently, the ‘Refreshing Capsules’ from various pharmacies have been selling very quickly. Our pharmacy is the same. Previously, I was worried that you would come over to buy it and run out of stock.”

The young doctor sighed. He was indeed lacking in goods a few days ago, but Shi Yu happened to not come again.

“Uh…” Shi Yu was speechless. So fast?

Previously, Chen Kai had done it because of him. It couldn’t be this time, right? Well, it had nothing to do with him.

Shi Yu was just about to say something when he was suddenly interrupted.

The president of the Ping Cheng Association followed the Beast Tamers.

At the front, like the tour guide, he looked at the rookies with a gentle smile. “It will take us about 40 minutes to reach our destination.”

“During this process, let me explain some things to take note of when exploring the ruins. You are all elites among the Beast Tamers in Ping Cheng. I really hope that you can obtain good gains in the ruins.”