Chapter 58 - My Nephew Has The Talent Of A Master

Chapter 58: My Nephew Has the Talent of a Master

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

The second trial space was still on a glacier. The overall environment was similar to before.

This time, the elemental creature that appeared not far from Shi Yu and the others was still the previous Frost Stone Giant.

However, the other party’s energy level was clearly higher. This was a level-ten Frost Stone Giant.

Moreover, it had mastered the proficient level Cold Breath and Ice Hammer. Unlike the previous one that had only mastered entry-level skills, it was very difficult to deal with.

The Ice Giant’s Ice Body was harder than steel to begin with. In addition to the long-range Cold Breath and the huge destructive Ice Hammer, the second stage should be the limit for most challengers. Even if the Ice Giant didn’t have intelligence and was slow, there were probably very few who could win.

However, this was clearly for ordinary people. To Shi Yu and Eleven, a level-ten Frost Stone Giant was no different from a level-eight Frost Stone Giant.

In the face of the stronger stone giant, Eleven still used super vision and hardening to defeat it. Compared to the previous one, it might only be the difference between hitting it once and hitting it a few more times.

This time, the frost stone giant also dropped energy crystals. In terms of quality, it seemed to be higher than the previous one. It was a level-two energy crystal that could be sold for more money.

1

“Is my historical talent useless this time?”

After changing the environment, Shi Yu tried to transform into a historical listener again. Unfortunately, the same scene didn’t appear.

Forget it, forget it. Let’s continue challenging the levels. We’ll talk about the truth of history later. Let’s charge through a few more levels to get the rewards.

If it was said that a level-one energy crystal was nothing, but a level-two energy crystal, depending on the quality, was at least worth six digits.

Shi Yu began to taste the benefits and planned to see what treasures were in the third round.

“No one has passed the third level yet. I wonder what will drop. It won’t be an energy crystal, right?”

Although this thing’s value was indeed high among resources of the same level, what he wanted was rare resources.

It would be best if it was something that couldn’t be bought in the outside world. Things that were priceless, such as space and time types… This way, the evolution form of the Green Silkworm would be extremely unique.

“If the next rewards are also ice-element resources… Unless the Green Silkworm evolves into the Ice Crystal Phoenix Butterfly, there’s no need for these.”

“I’m still limited in my thinking. The Ice Phoenix Moth is also an ice-element type.”

However, even if it was the Ice Phoenix Moth or the Ice Dragon Butterfly, Shi Yu still felt that it was lacking, so he continued forward.

It was still the familiar glacial environment, but this time, the one in front of them wasn’t the Frost Stone Giant.

Under the condensation of the ice element, a humanoid figure with hands, feet, and head appeared. Apart from its form resembling a human, it didn’t look like a human anywhere else. It was as if an Ice-Armored Giant wearing ice armor had appeared.

[Name]: Ice-Armored Giant

[Attributes]: Ice

[Race Level]: Low-level Commander

[Race Skill]: Ice Hammer, Ice Armor, Ice Regeneration

[Introduction]: It has an invincible and extremely high defense. Its whole body is filled with ice that won’t melt. Even if its body is broken, it can recover to its original state by consuming energy.

In the distance, as the three-meter-tall Ice-Armored Giant appeared, Shi Yu and Eleven felt a sense of pressure.

This guy would probably be very difficult to deal with…

“Wuu!!!” Eleven subconsciously released its deterrence skill to increase its battle intent.

According to the information provided, the three skills of the Ice-Armored Giant were all proficient level. Although its growth level was only level ten, the Beast Tamer trainee Beast Tamer of the Beast Troops was completely not its match.

This was also normal. In other words, even if it was a level-ten Iron-eating Beast that had mastered expert level hardening, it might not necessarily be able to deal with this thing.

Firstly, its defense was not easy to break. Even if it did, it could quickly regenerate.

There were only two ways to defeat it.

Consuming the other party’s energy, or instantly causing a huge wound that made it unable to regenerate. Fortunately, there was still some restriction on the proficient level Ice Regeneration.

This was the first time Shi Yu and Eleven were fighting a commander rank creature… The other party’s racial skills were much stronger than transcendent creatures.

Shi Yu was still very envious of this Ice Regeneration. If the worm evolved into an ice element, this was a very good combination. However, he didn’t know if the skills here could be replicated.

“Eleven.”

With a shout from Shi Yu, Eleven’s body hardened on the glacier and slowly approached his opponent.

On the other side, the Ice-Armored Giant made a running posture. Its whole body, covered in Ice Armor, approached and hit Eleven.

No, to be precise, after approaching, it instantly swung its huge arm and used the ice hammer.

With its invincible and high defense, the Ice Armor skill covered its entire body again, plus a layer of frost covered by the Ice Hammer. The Ice Armor Giant’s arm was equivalent to folding three layers of buffs, containing dense power.

Bang!!!

The Ice-Armored Giant’s arm hammer hit the ground, and the glacier instantly shattered into pieces, ice shards flying everywhere.

As for Eleven, with the help of its super vision, rolled to the other side and used expert Level Hardening to smash at the leg of the Ice-Armored Giant.

Click.

The Ice Armor slightly caved in and shattered.

Although the defense was broken, it wasn’t completely broken.

Because the surrounding ice elements gathered, the damage to its body immediately recovered. The Ice-Armored Giant raised its leg and kicked after taking this punch.

Eleven:!!!

Eleven was shocked. He had finally encountered a decent opponent.

As for Shi Yu, he felt that the other party was ridiculously strong. Moreover, the accompanying move was even more shameless than Eleven! It was more difficult than he imagined!

“Shrink!” Shi Yu instantly gave the order.

The Ice-Armored Giant casually kicked. As the distance was too close, it was difficult for Eleven to react even with super vision.

Fortunately, Shi Yu’s command was timely. Eleven relied on shrinking to let the Ice-Armored Giant miss.

“Multiplication, hardening, Thunder Palm.”

Shi Yu gave the order again, intending to end the battle quickly. In the next moment, the originally half a meter large Eleven’s volume immediately increased, reaching a height of more than two meters. Although it was still one meter away from the Ice-Armored Giant, the difference in size was not as big as before.

“Wuu!!!”

After transforming, its strength increased greatly, and a huge aura erupted. It immediately launched a counterattack.

Its palm hardened, and then a shocking blue and white light spread on its palm.

It was a combination skill of Expert Level Hardening and Expert Level Thunder Palm!

There was also a multiplication skill in effect!

Multiplication was simply a combination of all-purpose skills. It was very compatible with most skills.

Eleven’s Hardened Thunder Palm pierced through the Ice-Armored Giant’s abdomen. However, the Ice-Armored Giant’s reaction was not slow at all as it continued to smash the ice hammer.

Boom!!!

In the next second, Eleven’s Hardened Thunder Palm directly penetrated the Ice-Armored Giant’s body, causing a hole to appear in its abdomen.

It was very difficult for it to recover from such an injury.

However, although Eleven was a One-Punch Panda, Eleven was also hit by the ice hammer at the same time. The other party was so strong and had a level suppression on top of that. Even if it was expert level Hardening, it couldn’t completely resist. Eleven was sent flying immediately, causing Eleven’s Hardening to disappear. At the same time, it returned to its normal state and rolled on the ground a few times before recovering.

“Wu wu wu!!!”

On the ground of the glacier, Eleven hurriedly crawled up despite the pain and injuries and looked at the opponent who was gradually starting to collapse from the abdomen.

Well… it had already disappeared.

Yes, it won!

“Eleven!”

At this moment, looking at Eleven’s performance, Shi Yu spoke.

“Real men don’t look back at the explosion!”

“The first choice you should have made just now was to use high-speed healing to treat your injuries.”

“Or, if it’s a formal battle, you can pretend to faint and take the opportunity to use absolute sleep and give a good performance.”

“I’ll remind you if there is a change in the enemy’s state.”

Eleven nodded crazily.

Understood!

“I’ll replenish my energy first.”

Shi Yu didn’t care what the Ice-Armored Giant dropped and hurriedly dragged his backpack to Eleven.

He took out an energy crystal from his backpack and fed it to Eleven while falling into deep thought.

It had defeated his opponent, but the process was a little more difficult than he had imagined.

If not for the multiplication, hardening, and thunder palm, it would probably be very difficult to instantly kill this guy.

Since they couldn’t insta-kill him, the two parties could only fight a battle of attrition. Eleven, whose physical fitness was low, would definitely fall into a disadvantage.

Although the other party was three levels higher than Eleven, this was only a low class commander rank creature whose skill proficiency hadn’t reached expert level.

He felt that he had been a little arrogant when he said that Eleven’s battle power could match a young monarch level creature of the same level…

“It’s not a big problem. Eleven still has room for improvement…”

At the same time.

In the outside world.

Most of the Beast Tamers in this batch had already entered.

One by one, professional Beast Tamer officers predicted the situation.

“Do you think anyone has a chance of defeating that Ice-Armored Giant this time?”

“It’s difficult. The pets of our Beast Tamers in Ping Cheng are basically at the transcendent level. They can’t compare to commander-level pets at all.”

Under the same growth level, the higher the race level, the stronger the overall battle power. This was already common knowledge.

With the difference in race, the hope of victory might lie in the restraint of attributes, skill restraint, and skill proficiency.

Also, Beast Tamers could also bring some recovery pills in. Defeating the opponent with pills was also a kind of strategy.

At the edge of the camp not far from the arena, President Feng of the Beast Tamer Association of Ping Cheng looked at the six stone statues and said, “Everyone has already entered. In about an hour, maybe we will know that no one can pass the third level…”

“President, I remember that one of the challengers is your nephew, right?” The president’s secretary stood beside him and hugged the folder.

President Feng narrowed his eyes and smiled. “Yes, he’s studying in the city and specially rushed back for the ruins. That nephew of mine has pretty good talent and the aptitude of a master. He’s also very prepared for this challenge. He can definitely break through the third level. He’s also someone I have my eyes on.”

Just as the president finished speaking, with a buzz, the third of the six stone giant statues suddenly lit up.

This change stunned the Beast Tamers in the surrounding camps.

What happened…

Someone had already passed the third trial?

However, less than 20 minutes had passed since the earliest Beast Tamer entered today! Who was this fierce Beast Tamer?