Chapter 64 - Evolution Holy Spring

Chapter 64: Evolution Holy Spring

9th August, clear.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Yesterday, Shi Yu did not touch new supplements. Instead, he used the remaining divine bean and, together with other supplements, raised Eleven’s Absolute Sleep skill to the proficient level.

From then on, he only had one ginseng baby’s beard left.

“Say, if I nurture a ginseng baby myself, nurture it, and teach it the Broken Limb Rebirth skill, will I be able to bug the world and have free supplements to eat every day?”

Shi Yu muttered to himself after waking up in the morning because of a dream where he was falling in love with a Baby Ginseng.

Why did the protagonist of the movie get to dream of the Mermaid Princess and swimming in the sea, while he dreamed of chasing supplements?

He clearly had the potential to be a protagonist… Although compared to the protagonist, he lived more like a cheater.

“Forget it, forget it.”

Soon, Shi Yu shook his head. Forget about the wild ginseng baby, it was strange to eat it after making it his pet.

After getting out of bed and washing up, Shi Yu planned to upgrade Eleven’s multiplication skill to the proficient level today.

This way, he might be able to experience the giant panda bed at night.

This was the Perfect Harmonization. Skills that supported one purpose after another. Everyone had a share.

It was just that only one pet had multiple skills now. In the future, when he had more pets, he could enjoy more benefits.

In the courtyard, under the persimmon tree.

After the two of them had a warm breakfast, Shi Yu was just about to add more points when there was a knock on the door.

…

“Who is it?”

At this moment, it didn’t seem like the time for a dojo delivery. Shi Yu was still wondering who it was.

However, when the person outside replied, Shi Yu was immediately stunned.

He hurriedly ran to open the door and saw the middle-aged man in a gray suit with a small mustache.

“Guild Leader Feng?”

“Why are you here?”

“I’ve only rested for two days. Don’t tell me I’m going to explore the ruins?”

Shi Yu touched his liver.

President Feng smiled and said, “How could that be?”

“I understand. You must be here to talk about the cultivation resources!” Shi Yu suddenly understood.

He almost forgot that the Ping Cheng Association had decided to take out a sum of resources to nurture the Beast Tamers.

Could it be that the number of resources had been decided?

“Yes, and no. There’s something more important.”

…

A moment later, in the room, Shi Yu served President Feng with red date tea.

“President Feng, what’s the important thing you’re talking about?”

President Feng chuckled. “It’s also related to the ruins this time.”

He drank a mouthful of tea and praised it.

“It tastes good.”

Shi Yu :”…”

Of course!

Shi Yu was quite proud.

“Let me start by talking about the law of our country.”

“According to the legacy law of our country, if the ruins appear in Ping Cheng, we have the right to explore it first.”

After President Feng finished speaking, Shi Yu nodded.

“But during a certain period of time, if we can’t crack the ruins and obtain the right to control the ruins, this exploration and development authority will gradually be opened to the surrounding cities and gradually have its scope expanded.”

“For example, if Ping Cheng can’t crack the ruins in a month, the other districts and counties in Icefield City can come and explore together.”

Guild Leader Feng sighed.

“You also know the difficulty of this ruin. Just the fifth level will probably keep us stuck for a long time, let alone the unknown sixth level.”

“With our current progress, the other Beast Tamer Associations in Icefield City don’t think that our Ping Cheng can crack the ruins independently at all. Therefore, they have already started preparing in advance.”

“They’re going to prepare for the challenge of the ruins in Ping Cheng a month later…”

Although President Feng was very annoyed, he couldn’t do anything to them.

He was very confident in Shi Yu, but it was clearly unrealistic for Shi Yu to crack the ruins in a month.

Passing the fifth level in a month was already a blessing!

At that moment, after hearing President Feng’s words, Shi Yu was stunned.

Who are you looking down on? Shi Yu muttered in his heart. You can choose not to believe the Iron-eating Beast, but you have to believe that box of supplements!

A month later, the ruins would be long gone!

Of course, this was too arrogant. Shi Yu was afraid of being beaten up by the president, so he could only continue nodding.

“After you left the day before yesterday, I reported the information about the fourth and fifth levels of the ruins.”

“Haha, there’s no doubt that the situation at the fourth and fifth levels also shocked the presidents of the other associations.”

“They all think that it’s too difficult for trainee Beast Tamers to pass.”

“However, even if it’s difficult, I have to overcome it. Therefore, Icefield City has decided to activate the Holy Spring.”

“Holy Spring, what’s that?”

President Feng said, “That’s a holy land for training pets in our Icefield City. It’s a fixed resource. The pet can be reborn after soaking in the power of the Holy Spring.”

“Let me give you an example. Pets are divided into growth levels and race levels. The latter represents potential.”

“The higher the species level, the greater the potential. Why is that? Why is it stronger under the same level of growth?”

“Putting aside the racial skills, that’s because the life level of high-level pets is higher. The most direct manifestation of this life level is strong physique and vigorous physical fitness.”

“The same growth level and the same skill… But a pet of a regular transcendent race might exhaust its physical fitness after using it ten times, while a commander rank species pet might be able to use it fifteen times. This is the advantage!”

“The spring water in the Holy Spring won’t increase the pet’s growth level, but it can improve the pet’s physique, stimulate the pet’s potential, and even increase its life level.”

“It’s a rare resource that can increase the racial level of the pet, which is also its evolution potential. For example, your Iron-eating Beast might have exhausted its physical fitness after using the Thunder Palm ten times previously, but after this baptism, its physical upper limit will increase a lot. It might not be a problem to use it more than ten times.”

“Do you understand its value now? In short, you can see this opportunity as a super training to challenge the fourth and fifth levels of the ruins.”

“Of course, this Holy Spring only has the best effect on pets in the awakening stage. At the same time, the lower the species level, the better the effect. There was even a time when pets directly evolved after bathing in the Holy Spring, so it’s called the Evolution Holy Spring. It can increase the chance of evolution chance. But this depends on fate.”

After President Feng finished speaking, Shi Yu was clearly stunned.

What he lacked, came.

Eleven’s greatest drawback was that there were too many powerful skills, and its physical fitness was insufficient for it to use them.

It wasn’t something that could be done overnight.

Bathing in this Holy Spring could increase Eleven’s upper limit?

Then, the exploration of the ruins would be even more stable.

As for evolution… Eleven soaking in spring water could even make it evolve… He didn’t believe it.

“You mean?”

“In order to prepare the fourth and fifth levels for the Beast Tamers in the major cities in advance, the Beast Tamer Associations of the four downtown and five suburb districts each have a Holy Spring spot for recommended Tamers to use.

“The Beast Tamer Association of Ping Cheng intends to recommend you. After all, you can be said to be the strongest Beast Tamer intern in Ping Cheng at the moment.”

“Don’t worry, apart from this spot, the Ping Cheng Association won’t forget about the other cultivation resources.”

Shi Yu really felt that the Ping Cheng Association was very kind. Not only did they let him borrow money to buy pets at the start, but they also gave him so many resources!

He also smiled, but soon, his smile disappeared because of President Feng’s next words.

“However, the regeneration of the Holy Spring in Icefield City is very slow, and the effect can’t be used too many times. Therefore, only one pet can enter at one time, and the effect will definitely be the best if it’s used first. At that time, there will be inevitable competition. You have to be prepared.”

What, there were competitors even in a hot spring?

Shi Yu’s gaze gradually turned sharp.

It was really rolling up everywhere. However, if they were all at the probationary level, he felt that he should be able to defeat them randomly?