Chapter 62 - : New Special Training Target

Chapter 62: New Special Training Target

If there were anyone who had doubts about how Cheng Gong and Shi Yu had broken the record in succession, then now, their doubts gradually dissipated.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Although the Moon Flame Beast was beaten helplessly in this battle, the strength quality displayed during the battle was obvious to all.

The powerful Bursting Flames skill’s attributes completely countered various ice type creatures!

The speed brought by the Flame Assault was probably incomparable to the creatures in the ruins!

Coupled with the agile Flaming Claw, the Moon Flame Beast’s battle method could be close-combat and long-range. Its three skills were all proficient level, and with the advantage of its attributes, it completely had a chance to defeat the Ice-Armored Giant that had a higher racial rank.

As for Shi Yu… there was no need to doubt his strength.

The battle process of the Moon Flame Beast being completely crushed was the best proof of Shi Yu and his panda’s strength.

This was the first time everyone had seen such a ridiculous little Iron-eating Beast.

It was completely understandable that such an outstanding pet could break through four levels in a row!

Although there were still people who were puzzled as to why a level-seven Iron-eating Beast could defeat 50 ferocious beasts in a row, they could only dispel their doubts. They passed all four levels, after all.

Then, they looked at Shi Yu and Eleven as if they were looking at a monster.

…

This battle was different for Beast Tamers of different levels.

The Beast Tamer trainees didn’t understand why Shi Yu and the others could be so strong, while master Beast Tamers like President Feng had greater expectations for cracking the ruins.

He thought that he should deduct some resources from his nephew to Shi Yu. At such a time, cracking the ruins was the most important… His nephew would understand.

Fortunately, Cheng Gong didn’t know what President Feng was thinking. Otherwise, he would definitely think that he was an adopted nephew or something.

As for now, he was thinking about why Ping Cheng had such a monster trainee Beast Tamer that he had never heard of before.

Even those geniuses in Icefield City might not necessarily be able to compare to Shi Yu, right?

“Alright, the battle is over. Go do what you need to do.”

Commander He, who was the judge, blasted these trainee soldiers and said angrily, “Today’s training is doubled!”

His words immediately made the trainees wail.

He Biao, who had expected better from the men, chose to squeeze his new recruits dry.

President Feng secretly wiped his sweat. He was very afraid that He Biao would bring the regiment commander and to ask for training funds.

After the battle ended, Cheng Gong and Shi Yu withdrew their pets.

“Let’s fight again next time,” Cheng Gong said to Shi Yu and left from the other side. He ignored everyone and went off to do something.

As for Shi Yu, he was feeling helpless.

It was Eleven!

It was Eleven who wanted to vent its feelings of failure in this battle, causing the situation… to seem a little lopsided.

Shi Yu shook his head slightly and planned to leave.

To be precise, it was to leave this valley and go home to prepare for battle again.

“President Feng.”

When Shi Yu walked out of the venue, Chen Kai, Qiao Liang, and the others wanted to come over. However, when they saw President Feng walking towards Shi Yu, they immediately stopped.

“Shiyu, your strength… has really broadened my horizons.”

President Feng narrowed his eyes and said. He was pretty happy.

With the aptitude displayed by Shi Yu and the others, they also had hope of becoming master-level Beast Tamers in the future.

Ten years later, Ping Cheng might have another master-level Beast Tamer!

“I still have much to learn,” Shi Yu said humbly.

This was nothing. Although Shi Yu wanted to show off, he also knew that he wasn’t invincible. He wasn’t even considered much among his peers.

Ping Cheng was just a third-level small city.

Icefield City was only one of the more ordinary level-two cities in Dong Huang Nation.

The second-generation heirs of first-level big cities were probably using first pets of commander-level races. Moreover, the age of the contracted pets might be even younger.

Shi Yu was more curious about their strength.

But he should know soon.

Because Lu Qingyi had previously suggested that he go to a first-level city to participate in the vocation assessment. Such a vocation certificate was more valuable…

This woman liked to increase the difficulty of the game too much.

“Hahaha, you don’t have to be humble. You guys are indeed very outstanding.”

“Do you have any thoughts on the fifth level?” President Feng asked.

“I already have one. I plan on returning to prepare for battle,” Shi Yu said.

“That’s good.” President Feng’s eyes lit up.

“It’s good to go back and prepare for battle. Wait a minute, I’ll give you my private contact information. If you have any needs, just tell me directly.”

“The resources allocated by the association will also be in your hands in the future.”

“Your first goal now is to become stronger and attack the ruins!”

“I understand.” Shi Yu nodded.

Then, President Feng hurriedly called his secretary over and prepared to get someone to escort Shi Yu home.

Although Shi Yu wanted to refuse, he couldn’t resist the president’s enthusiasm.

This treatment… was like a lemon squeezed in the eyes of the surrounding Beast Tamers.

Was this the treatment of a genius? Even if it was a master-level Beast Tamer, or even the president of the Beast Tamer Association, they had to talk to him with a smile.

“F*ck, I’ll buy the Refreshing Capsules until it’s all gone!”

“I don’t believe that eating the same supplement as Shi Yu won’t make me reach ten percent of his strength!”

At the back, Chen Kai made a great wish.

“What Shi Yu supplements? Hey, what did you mean just now…”

After Shi Yu left, discussions and exclamations came from the crowd.

Doctor Qiao Liang felt that he might know where the heat of the supplements in Ping Cheng came from.

…

“Thank you…”

Shi Yu, who was escorted home in a military car the whole time, was slightly embarrassed. In his previous life, he had never sat in a police car and only sat in an ambulance. Now, it was actually a military car.

The pressure was huge… He had to quickly research how to pass the fifth level.

Shi Yu returned home with a sigh.

Because he knew that if he wanted to pass the fifth level, he might have to spend money to replenish his supplements.

His small body… Even if he had supplements, teaching high-level skills was too painful.

If it weren’t because he had to be teaching skills, Shi Yu really wanted to use low-level skills to increase his physique first.

“Ji!!!!”

After Shi Yu pushed the door open and entered, the green worm on the persimmon tree in the courtyard immediately let out a cry when it heard the sound.

Shi Yu understood through telepathy.

It meant “Welcome home”.

“This worm’s intelligence is getting higher and higher.”

Shi Yu discovered that as the green worm’s growth level increased, its intelligence level was also slowly increasing.

At level one, he was still silly and dumb, but now, he could communicate with him more normally. It was really not easy.

“Is there any food?”

Shi Yu glanced at the Dragon Whiskers Grass on the iron plate under the birdcage. There was still… That was fine.

That made sense. After all, it was only released in the morning. No matter how big the Green Silkworm’s appetite was, it wouldn’t be like Eleven, eating three to four meals at once.

He added some more food for it. After entering the house, Shi Yu threw down his backpack and lay down.

The harvest this time was not small. Even excluding the energy crystal, the four Ethereal Stones were still very rare resources.

He had asked President Feng. If he used these four Ethereal Stones, even without high-intensity meditation, it would almost allow him to reach level two in the Beast Taming Space in three to four months.

Moreover, it was a level-two Beast Taming Space that focused on spatial strength, spatial range, and spatial environment.

In other words, at that time, he could contract a second pet.

At the same time, if the Beast Taming Space had reached level two, it was easier for Eleven to reach the transcendent level. Otherwise, it was more common for a level-one Beast Taming Space to restrict the growth of pets.

In short, the Ethereal Stone was very cost-effective for Shi Yu, who started very late and became a Beast Tamer much later than other people his age…

“I wonder how the compatibility between the spatial element and the Green Silkworm is.” Shi Yu thought again.

Space element was undoubtedly a very powerful attribute. However, it was said that the Ethereal Stone had always been a resource for Beast Tamers. Shi Yu really didn’t know how to use this thing on pets, especially the Green Silkworm.

Compared to this, it was better to have a spatial skill.

If he could really obtain the spatial attribute, Shi Yu felt that the insect’s evolved race level might even be at the monarch level.

Did monarch-level, spatial-type butterflies exist in nature? The Ethereal Butterfly or the Space-splitting Butterfly, maybe?

…

Shi Yu did not let his imagination run wild on the silkworm for too long. After all, things had not started yet. The most important thing now was to conquer the ruins.

There were currently two paths for Shi Yu to pass the fifth level successfully.

First, complete the profundity “Thunder Armor”.

He needed to raise Hardening and Thunder Palm to Perfect Level.

At the moment, Eleven and Green Silkworm still hadn’t mastered any perfect-level skills. Shi Yu still didn’t know how many times he had to teach them from expert to perfect-level.

However, he had a premonition that the higher the proficiency, the harder it was to increase.

It was a common saying. For a skill that was easier to train, as long as the pet’s talent was not bad, along with an alright training environment… Then after training hard for a year, it would be able to master it.

Because of this, the pets of those professional Beast Tamers basically mastered multiple expert racial skills.

However, Perfect Level Proficiency Skills were not as simple as just keeping at it as time accumulated.

Perfection represented the pinnacle of a skill, the pinnacle of an art. Many creatures would find it difficult to achieve this even after spending their entire lives.

Compared to the time-consuming cultivation, this level relied more on talent and training methods.

Pets with perfect proficiency were basically the symbols of master-level Beast Tamers.

As for the transcendent level, it meant that it had transcended the skill itself and directly let the skill leave its original level, belonging to an even deeper level.

Even among master-level Beast Tamers, it was possible that they could only train their pets’ low-level skills to perfection at most. Moreover, it would take them half a life to do so.

It was too difficult to reach perfection for middle to high-level skills.

The higher the skill level, the more complicated it was. The harder it was to master it perfectly, let alone surpass perfection.

“I should start with high-level skills.”

The second method to conquer the ruins was to increase the proficiency of high-level skills.

Shi Yu made a simple judgment and felt that it was more difficult to master the Thunder Armor. To defeat 100 ferocious beasts… Actually, it was possible that he only needed to have three high-level skills reach expert level.

It was relatively easy to reach the expert level.

An expert level deterrence could carry out a large-scale mental pressure on the ferocious beasts. If one was lucky, they could instantly kill 100 beasts.

Expert level multiplication… Although Shi Yu still didn’t know what kind of increase it could bring to Eleven, it seemed like its size and strength would be even greater. It wasn’t impossible for him to crush a group with one punch.

Expert-level Absolute Sleep could use a shorter sleep to recover more stamina. It was simply a recovery skill.

Which one should he increase?

“I shouldn’t have difficulty choosing. I’ll just teach them all.”

“I’ll also raise super vision and high-speed healing to the proficient level.”

“I’ll go after Eleven is expert level in all the skills. Not to mention the fifth level, even if the sixth level throws transcendent creatures at me, I’ll definitely be able to crush it!”

Shi Yu spoke boldly as his body trembled. After all, this was a huge project.