Chapter 68 - Spirit Medium

Chapter 68: Spirit Medium

“This is… deterrence?”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

A deterrence that only monarch-level creatures could master?

The eyes of the presidents of the associations were filled with shock. Although they had already made a judgment, their hearts were still in turmoil.

Everyone looked at the Wings of Wind that lost its ability to fight in an instant, and their mouths opened wide.

This was impossible. This didn’t make sense. This was simply unscientific!

The presidents denied it three times in their hearts!

As master-level Beast Tamers, they naturally knew what this meant.

Although a pet that had grown to the level of a monarch could definitely awaken deterrence, and while this was technically a sort of common skill within the realm of top masters… The problem was that this iron-eating beast was only f*cking level-seven!!

If Eleven was a cub of a monarch, they would accept it. But the key was that the Iron-eating Beast’s race level was only medium transcendent!

Their eyes nearly popped out when such a deterrence skill awakened on such an Iron-eating Beast!

Moreover… This was no ordinary deterrence!

Entry-level deterrence, even if it was proficient-level deterrence, could not possibly have such performance power!

Deterrence materialized and attacked indiscriminately on a large scale. The Beast Tamer world called it the “king’s aura”!

Even monarch-level creatures required a certain level of aptitude to master high-level deterrence abilities!

However, such an ability had actually appeared on a Beast Tamer trainee…

The other presidents of the associations looked at the confused and shocked President Feng.

President Feng looked at them as if to say, “If I said that I just found out, would you believe me?”

Everyone clearly didn’t believe it.

Then, he looked at the Little Iron-eating Beast with an incredulous gaze.

With this potential, it would definitely become a monarch.

…

“This…”

On the other side, when they saw the Wings of Wind instantly being insta-killed, all the trainee rookies widened their mouths and were stunned.

The reversal of the battle situation was too sudden, causing them to not understand what had happened.

“Why, why can pets in the Awakening Stage awaken deterrence skills!!”

They roared in their hearts. Even if the talent was good and they could awaken deterrence in advance, they should at least only think about it after commander rank.

Deterrence at the awakening level, what was this?

But, the most shocked and surprised person at this moment was still Beast Tamer Bai Qi of the Wings of WInd.

He was completely stunned, dazed, and had lost the ability to think.

Hm?

Lost?

It was insta-killed before it even started?

Bai Qi couldn’t understand.

“I was wrong. He’s expert level in Wind Wings. He might be able to pass the fourth level.”

Shi Yu thought to himself…

These words completely shattered Bai Qi’s mental defense and almost made him black out.

Monster!

The Beast Trainer in front of him and the iron-eating beast with an innocent expression were definitely monsters!!!

“#% $# ¥@%!!!”

Then, Bai Qi returned to the audience seats in a daze.

At this moment, as Shi Yu easily obtained the first victory and completed the arena defense, everyone fell silent.

Why…

Why could an ordinary pet of the Beast Tamer Awakening Stage awaken deterrence skills and upgrade them to expert level?

It was completely incomprehensible. What was even more incomprehensible was that even with such a deterrence skill, he actually couldn’t pass the fifth stage of the ruins?

How difficult was this ruin!

Many of the trainees began to hesitate and retreat.

They believed that they could not insta-kill the Wings of Wind, so there currently seemed to be no solutions at all to counter Shi Yu.

“Anyone want to continue attacking?”

In the arena, after Shi Yu threw a small fruit to Eleven to recover its stamina, he looked at the other seven Beast Tamers and spoke in an especially piercing voice.

It made the seven of them subconsciously clench their fists.

Was this guy out of his mind?

How could they fight! How could they fight!

That seemingly very strong Wings of the Wind was directly insta-killed. Most people did not have the confidence to defeat Shi Yu.

The presidents of the associations looked at the silent rookies with complicated expressions.

They also didn’t think that anyone could defeat such an Iron-eating Beast.

Expert-level deterrence wasn’t something any creature could challenge.

“Let me try.”

However, there were still brave warriors. At this moment, a quiet girl with short hair stood up.

She took a deep breath, her eyes flickering.

As she stood up, everyone looked at her.

“Jingyin…” In the audience, President Sun of South City looked at the girl. She was from their association.

…

“I’m Xu Jingyin, a Spirit Medium, pleased to meet you.”

After going on stage, the short-haired and quiet girl introduced herself.

She also came from the city, after the Spirit Medium family.

Spirit Medium!

Spirit Mediums were a branch of Beast Tamers. Beast Tamers who called themselves that way basically only contracted undead pets!

After saying that, the girl started to summon her pet.

Hu hu hu ~ ~

Under a stifling cold wind, a huge black spirit body with red eyes walked out of the summoning array.

< Name > Nether Cat

[Attributes]: Undead-type, Spirit-type

[Race Level]: High Transcendent

[Race Skill]: Soul-Crushing Claw, Illusion, Hidden Spirit

At this moment, as the Nether Cat appeared, the presidents of the association were slightly stunned. It was actually a rare dual-element undead pet.

The rarity of this pet was even higher than the Wings of Wind!

As expected, none of the representatives from the four major cities were easy to deal with. The presidents of the suburbs thought to themselves.

The resources that geniuses got… were really different.

“Because her pet is a spiritual type, she thinks she can withstand the deterrence?”

“Can she hold on?”

Everyone guessed.

At the same time, in the arena.

“Hello,” Shi Yu replied curtly to the black-dressed girl in front of him.

The girl was pretty cute, but he still had to fight.

At this moment, as the Spirit Medium Xu Jingyin appeared, everyone’s evaluation changed.

Just now, they were still curious if Shi Yu’s Little Iron-eating Beast could withstand the opponent’s attack.

And now, it had become an issue of whether the opponent could withstand the little Iron-Eating Beast’s deterrence.

After all, the deterrence was too insane…

The deterrence skill focused on the spiritual level. If it was a pet that mainly dealt in spiritual power, perhaps it could withstand it?

“Nether, Hidden Spirit, Illusion!”

As soon as the battle began, Xu Jingyin focused all her attention and gave her pet an order.

In the next moment, the giant black cat’s figure directly turned transparent and disappeared from the arena.

[Hidden Spirit]: A low-level undead skill. Eliminate your aura and enter a concealed state.

[Illusion]: A high-level mental skill. It can create illusions that interfere with perception.

The former was the basic skill of an undead pet, while the latter was a very difficult illusion skill.

After the Nether Cat entered the Concealed Spirit state, it used illusions to assist in its concealment and interfere with Eleven’s vision. Its traces of existence were immediately difficult to fathom.

“Is the battle style to use the Lost Soul Claw to apply a curse through concealment?”

The Beast Tamers gradually deduced Xu Jingyin’s battle style.

The Soul-Crushing Claw was also an undead skill, an ability to attack the soul. It could put a curse on the enemy it hit.

In the cursed state, as time passed, the curse would erode the opponent’s state until it was close to death.

“But the Nether Cat might not necessarily be able to get close to the opponent.”

The gazes of many masters gathered. If, if the Iron-eating Beast used deterrence again, even if the Netherworld Cat could withstand it, it would definitely cause a flaw in its concealment state!

In the end, this might be a battle of spiritual domains between both parties…

Although that was the case, the masters also made the “most correct” judgment. However, the development of the matter didn’t go as they imagined.

In the arena, Eleven didn’t use deterrence again at all. Instead, it found it very interesting. Apart from earlier, which was the first time it fought a flying pet, this was the first time it was fighting an undead pet…

He had to try the new effect that its upgraded skills had.

Intermediate-level skill, expert level super vision, activate!

“Hardening, Thunder Palm.”

In order to test Eleven’s expert level super vision effect, Shi Yu directly gave commands.

Buzz!

In the next second, not only did everything in the arena seem to slow down in Eleven’s eyes, but it also seemed to see a vague outline slowly approaching it!

It was the Nether Cat!

The expert level super vision that could already see through illusions directly cracked the Art of Concealment and Illusion!

Zi, zi, zi, zi…

Under the situation where everyone was confused, Eleven’s palm first turned into metal with a hum, and then a blue and white high-intensity violent electric current filled the air!

It was as if a lightning vambrace had condensed on his right fist!

The power of the lightning was vast, lighting up the entire arena. The electric current that shot out made Eleven’s body surrounded by lightning.

“Expert-level Thunder Palm, at least expert level Hardening. Otherwise, it can’t form a combination skill. This is the unique skill of Bamboo Stone Dojo. How can this Iron-eating Beast master it at its level!”

At this moment, the presidents were shocked again, but soon, they were relieved.

Forget it, after all, it even had deterrence…

With the deterrence from before, the Hardening Thunder Palm combination skill this time was barely within everyone’s acceptable range…

There was nothing acceptable about this!

It still didn’t make sense, it was too unscientific!

“But it’s not deterrence they’re using, but a combination skill of Bamboo Stone Dojo. What do they want to do?”

As the Little Iron-eating Beast showed its new trump card, the group of rookies’ mentalities collapsed.

Xu Jingyin herself was also stunned by the combination skill, but she still felt lucky.

However, at the next moment, under an operation that no one could understand, Eleven swung his arm and shook to the right!

In an instant.

Bang!

A figure appeared.

Under everyone’s stunned gazes, a huge spiritual cat with a size comparable to a tiger or leopard, appeared in the air. Its claws were in mid-swing in mid-air.

Because Eleven didn’t use deterrence for a long time, Xu Jingyin and the others chose to attack quickly!

However, the scene in front of them directly told everyone that every action under the concealment state of the Netherworld Cat had always been under the control of Shi Yu and the Iron-eating Beast!

Eleven didn’t move on the spot. With a wave of its arm, the Armored Thunder Palm hit the Nether Cat in the air!

“Meow!!!!” The Nether Cat let out a painful cry.

Its spirit directly caved in, and its entire body was instantly wrapped by lightning. With a bang, it exploded in the air. After the lightning rumbled, it fell and smoke rose.

At this moment, Xu Jingyin’s expression changed drastically.

It was as if her heart had been squeezed. She looked at the scene in front of her in confusion.

“You lost.”

“Why?” Xu Jingyin looked at the Iron-eating Beast and the Nether Cat in disbelief.

Why did the Iron-eating Beast know the location of the Nether Cat?!?!!

How was this possible? How could it be so easy…

“Hiding is useless,” Shi Yu said calmly.

“Wuuu—” Eleven glanced at the Nether Cat. So weak.

The opponents of the new races were so boring!

Xu Jingyin almost fainted too.

She shouldn’t have come up to challenge him!!!

A breath of air was stifled in her chest. Even if Shi Yu had insta-killed her through deterrence, she would not be so depressed.

At this moment, not only did she not understand as a newbie intern, but because there was no special effect from supervision at all, even this group of master-level Beast Tamers was a little confused.

“This!” President Sun was stunned. He didn’t expect such an outcome.

At the same time, he immediately looked at President Feng. The other presidents also looked at President Feng in unison.

Tell me, what’s going on?

No matter how they looked at it, it looked like the panda had used X-ray vision!

At that moment, President Feng was also very silent. Expert level Thunder Palm and that terrifying battle awareness… Why was it even more ridiculous than when he fought Cheng Gong!

Or could it be that Shi Yu had deliberately gone easy on him back then, and Cheng Gong was too lousy? Was he not worth going all out to deal with?

As expected, Cheng Gong was too lousy…

After all, that terrifying deterrence was simply ridiculous. It didn’t show at all at that time. Where exactly did this sneaky Lin Hongnian find this Shi Yu?!

“If I say that this Iron-eating Beast only has outstanding battle awareness, would you believe me?”

As for the fact that the infamously near-blind bear had super vision… No one even considered that possibility.

As soon as he finished speaking, the other presidents cursed in their hearts. F*ck, a level-seven Iron-eating Beast’s battle awareness could be so terrifying that it could instantly kill a concealed dual element undead with a single punch??

What a joke! Be quiet!

However, when they recalled that this little Iron-eating Beast had monarch-level aptitude, they trembled again.