Chapter 66 - Battle Power Unit

Chapter 66: Battle Power Unit

After Shi Yu and the others arrived at their destination, the South District Association naturally welcomed them warmly.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The president of the South City Association, a round-faced middle-aged man with a red face and short stature, greeted him with a smile.

“Old Feng, you’re finally here.”

With that said, he looked at Shi Yu, who was beside President Feng, and said, “This must be the genius who conquered the fourth level of the ruins in Ping Cheng.”

“He does look talented.”

“Haha… His name is Shi Yu.” President Feng smiled. Of course.

However, the president of the South District Association could smile now, but the president hoped that he’d be crying later!

Although on the surface, it was everyone splitting the resources of the Holy Spring together…

In essence, it was also a secret race for ruins.

The other districts and counties didn’t think that Ping Cheng could successfully explore the ruins independently, so they decided to open the Holy Spring.

In the process of competing to enter the Holy Spring this time, the presidents likely also wanted to see whose newbie was the strongest.

In a sense, this ranking already represented the progress of the various districts and counties attacking the ruins later.

At this moment, President Feng naturally hoped that Shi Yu could perform better.

He didn’t want the ruins of Ping Cheng to really be taken away by other districts and counties…

“Hello, President Sun.”

At the same time, Shi Yu also greeted.

It wasn’t because of anything else, but because this President Sun had good taste and could tell that he was a talent.

“Alright, alright. Let’s go to the hall quickly. A welcome party has been prepared there. Everyone, eat your fill and rest well before discussing the Holy Spring,” President Sun said with a smile.

…

In the banquet hall, the presidents and newbie representatives of the other associations were also present.

When the presidents of the other associations saw President Feng arrive, they immediately greeted him warmly with “Old Feng”.

As for the other Beast Trainers who weren’t even 20 years old, they didn’t care about President Feng, this middle-aged official from a remote village. Instead, their attention was on the handsome Shi Yu.

“The representative of Ping Cheng District supposedly cracked four out of the six levels of the ruins in Ping Cheng…”

“He seems to be a very good combat unit. We can test his level when he enters the ruins.”

Although they did not say it out loud, every newbie, and even the presidents of other associations, treated Shi Yu this way.

As a local “lucky guy” in Ping Cheng, Shi Yu was the first to come into contact with the ruins and obtained pretty good results, but he didn’t completely conquer the ruins. This was a template for a proper battle power competition.

At this moment, if the rookie representatives of the other eight districts and counties wanted to find someone to fight, it would definitely be Shi Yu.

“I keep feeling that their gazes are a little unfriendly…”

Shi Yu was also observing the others. There were eight young boys and girls in their twenties. Six boys, and two girls.

Hmm… They didn’t look weak. They should all be stronger than Cheng Gong, right?

He hoped that their strength could please him a little.

This way, his hard work and points wouldn’t be in vain.

“Shiyu, let me introduce you.”

Then, President Feng began to introduce the other presidents to Shi Yu.

At the same time, the presidents of each association also introduced their newbies.

However, this basic introduction was basically superficial. No one could get any valuable information from each other.

Soon, everyone’s attention was on the food buffet.

He didn’t know if others were hungry, but Shi Yu, who had been sitting in the car all the way and hadn’t eaten much in the morning, was starving.

Therefore, everyone started eating soon.

Shi Yu realized that the people of Dong Huang also had a national characteristic. They weren’t quiet during meals and liked to discuss things as they ate.

The newcomers from the nine districts and counties were still alright, since there were many big bosses here. As a result, they appeared very shy, low-profile, and silent.

However, the presidents of the nine associations started to discuss the order of entering the Holy Spring excitedly as they ate.

“To be fair, let the nine of them take turns fighting. In the end, we’ll decide the order to enter the Holy Spring according to the points. How about that?”

“Our South City Association provides recovery items and healing pets. We guarantee that they will be at their peak in every battle.”

President Sun of the South City Association gave a suggestion.

“Isn’t this too slow?”

A lean president of the association shook his head and said, “The nine of them taking turns to fight… How long would that take?”

This was a classic example of an impatient person.

However, his words also obtained the agreement of others.

Although the presidents of the associations also wanted to know the strength of their representatives,

They were all master-level Beast Tamers. They really didn’t have much desire to watch the newbie competitions.

Compared to the process, they paid more attention to the results.

As long as there were results, the process was not important.

“How about this, use the form of the arena battle. Whoever wants to be the first to enter will guard the arena.”

“Those who don’t accept it will attack the one in the arena.”

“It can both ensure that everyone has the opportunity and reduce some unnecessary battles.”

The lean president gave a different suggestion. The meaning was very clear. Whoever was confident in their strength should go and defend the arena. After showing their strength in one or two battles, some people who knew their own limitations should be able to understand the difference.

At that time, compared to wasting time fighting, it was better to directly give up the attacking arena. This way, many battles could be avoided at once.

With that said, he glanced at the representative of his association, a short-haired young man in a white battle suit. Clearly, he was very confident in the strength of his rookie representative.

“This is fine.”

The lean president’s suggestion was immediately supported by the other presidents.

The idea was good.

“Then, who’s going to defend the arena first?” President Sun said.

After he finished speaking, the rookies were still very shy.

After all, even if they were confident in their own strength, the pressure was a little too great to be the first to stand out and defend the arena.

“I’ll do it.”

Just as no one made a decision, at the dining table, Shi Yu finished a piece of steak and silently put down his chopsticks.

“I’ll be the first to defend the arena,” Shi Yu said as he looked up.

His initiative instantly attracted everyone’s attention.

“Uh.”

This guy was really fierce.

President Feng was stunned. Then, he quickly smiled and expressed his support.

The other presidents and newcomer representatives were also stunned. Then they thought to themselves,

“This guy… is very knowledgeable!”

At this time, whoever defended the arena first would never have a better effect than Shi Yu, the only combatant who had entered the ruins.

With a reference like Shi Yu, everyone could roughly guess their level in exploring ruins.

“Good, you have guts.”

The presidents of the associations praised Shi Yu one after another. After saying that, they started educating their geniuses. “You guys should learn more.”

Of course, these were all pleasantries… Everyone was waiting for the battle in the afternoon.

Time passed quickly.

Soon, everyone finished eating. The presidents were all busy people, so naturally, they hoped for the results to appear as soon as possible.

Therefore, after everyone rested for a while after dinner, they decided to start the competition.

…

In the building complex of the Beast Tamer Association in the South District, in an arena the size of a stadium.

Everyone who had rested came here in the afternoon. There was actually a stone arena here.

Apart from the two competitors, the others could watch the battle from the higher seats.

“Let’s start directly. There won’t be a referee.”

With nine master-level Beast Tamers here, it didn’t matter if there was a judge or not. The battle process was definitely under control.

Apart from determining the outcome of the battle, the main purpose of the judge was to ensure the safety of both parties.

After all, it was difficult to control the speed of a pet in battle. It was inevitable that it would be injured. Even Beast Tamers might be injured.

An outstanding judge could definitely eliminate all unstable factors.

A tall and handsome young man, as the guardian, was the first to go up the arena.

Although there weren’t many spectators, they were all heavyweight. The top batch of Beast Tamers in Icefield City were all sitting here.

Shi Yu felt that it was alright. The pressure was not high.

In Lu Qingyi’s words, when he explored the Ice Dragon Ruins in the future, he could directly call these nine people to be his bodyguards.

“Shi Yu, the most powerful Beast Tamer trainee in Ping Cheng.”

“The third stage of the ruins is a level ten Ice Armor Giant of a low class commander species.”

“The fourth level of the ruins is a total of 50 ice-element ferocious beasts…”

“If he can pass the fourth level, he must be very strong.”

The rookies present still knew some information about Shi Yu. After all, the guide information of the ruins was synchronized in the city.

However, they didn’t know much about Shi Yu’s exact strength.

Therefore, although everyone regarded Shi Yu as a combat unit, they also felt a certain amount of pressure.

If they couldn’t defeat this combat unit, didn’t that mean that they didn’t even have any hope of passing the fourth level of the ruins?

Not to mention the fifth and sixth levels…

Therefore, no matter what, everyone’s immediate thought was to defeat Shi Yu forcefully and prove their strength.

Then, to enter the Holy Spring Baptism, conquer the ruins, and rise up.

“Who’s the first to attack?” The presidents looked at the newcomer representatives beside them.

There was actually a disadvantage to fighting in advance, which was that once the pet’s race, combination moves, and battle style were figured out, it was very easy for the following opponent to devise battle strategies in advance. The first challenger would then suffer in the subsequent battles.

“I’ll do it.”

The young man in white battle clothes beside the lean president who suggested the group arena spoke up.

“Then let’s do it first. Bai Qi. We’ll just do it normally.” The lean president smiled at him.

“Yes.” The young man named Bai Qi nodded.

“Go ahead, go ahead.”

The presidents of the other associations said indifferently. Anyway, it was an arena battle. It didn’t matter who came first.

With that said, they looked at Bai Qi.

Everyone was not too unfamiliar with Bai Qi.

He came from the White Plains District in the downtown area of Icefield City. His father was a master-level Beast Tamer, and he could be said to be a second-generation heir.

From the fact that the daughter of a master-level Beast Tamer, Lin Hongnian, could pass the vocation assessment at the age of 18 with a middle-rank Iron-eating Beast, one could tell how powerful the strength of these second-generation heirs was.

In short, the sons and daughters of a master-level Beast Tamer were definitely better than the type like Cheng Gong, who was just a nephew of President Feng.

Then, the young man in the white battle suit slowly walked down the stage and came opposite Shi Yu.

At that moment, the 16 spectators, be they big shots or rookies, focused their attention on the two of them.

The battle was about to begin.