Chapter 67 - King’S Aura

Chapter 67: King’s Aura

In the arena of the South District Association.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

In the arena, Shi Yu and Bai Qi stood on both sides.

After they nodded slightly in greeting, Shi Yu was the first to speak.

“Let’s send our pets out together.”

“Alright,” Bai Qi replied.

In the next second.

As the field rippled, two huge transparent array formations appeared in front of them.

“Jiu!!!!!!”

“Gwah?!”

In the summoning array, two voices sounded. Their pets directly appeared!

Hu hu hu!!!!

On Bai Qi’s side, a two-meter-tall eagle pet with strong muscles, beautiful golden-brown feathers, and sharp eyes flew out.

“Jiu!!!!!!”

After it appeared, it raised its head and let out a long cry. A whirlwind lingered around it, and its voice was especially domineering, like the overlord of the sky.

[Name]: Wings of Wind

[Attributes]: Wind

[Race Level]: High Transcendent

[Race Skill]: Wind Wings, Ripping Claw, Super Sight, Wind Blade

This was a pretty impressive aerial battle pet, a top-notch pet among extraordinary races.

However, on the other side of the Wings of Flight, Eleven, who appeared, fell into deep thought.

Wasn’t this guy… the bird that delivered the package to Shi Yu?

To be precise, it was the same race as that bird!

His opponent this time was this?

Could he lose to a courier? No!

Eleven’s gaze was fierce. In addition, because it had never fought with a flying pet, it subconsciously made a “Gwah” to express its excitement.

“It’s the Wings of Wind versus the Iron-eating Beast!”

At this moment, as the two pets appeared, everyone made comments.

Everyone naturally attached great importance to this tenth-level and seemingly outstanding Wings of Wind.

At the Awakening Stage, pets that could fly agilely had a huge advantage. After all, most pets didn’t have battle experience in the air.

Therefore, the moment they saw the Wings of Wind, the remaining Beast Trainers felt that this Bai Qi was very difficult to deal with.

The race of the Wings of Wind was not bad, and it had a lot of accompanying skills. As the new representative of the White Plains Association, Bai Qi’s proficiency in pet skills would definitely not be low. After all, he was a descendant of a master-level Beast Tamer…

A strong enemy…

In comparison, on Shi Yu’s side…

Everyone was first stunned, then they were infinitely stunned.

Although he knew that Shi Yu’s pet was an Iron-eating Beast, but…

Everyone looked at the little fatty standing about a meter on the ground and fell into deep thought.

Why did this Iron-eating Beast look like it had a low growth level?

The increase in the level of growth would also lead to the development of the pet. Therefore, age could have a deceiving effect, but still… The development of the pet wasn’t something that could be hidden.

This one-meter-tall Little Iron-eating Beast’s growth level was definitely not high!

“What’s going on?”

The presidents of the associations subconsciously looked at President Feng.

How did Shi Yu pass the four levels of the ruins with this little Iron-eating Beast? It had to be a joke.

“Look, watch quietly.” President Feng was silent.

At the same time, he had a lot of inner thoughts.

The Wings of Wind… He didn’t know if Shi Yu could handle the flying pets.

According to his judgment, this Wings of Wind was definitely harder to deal with than Cheng Gong’s Exploding Flame Beast.

After all, Shi Yu’s Iron-eating Beast didn’t have any long-range skills at all. Facing a flying pet, it was naturally at a disadvantage!

At the same time, in the arena, Bai Qi looked at Eleven and was stunned.

“What level has your Iron-eating Beast awakened?” he asked.

“Level-seven,” said Shi Yu.

Everyone was silent.

The corners of Bai Qi’s mouth twitched. “Then how did you guys pass the four stages of the ruins? Didn’t they say that there were commander-level ferocious beasts and small-scale beast tides??”

Eleven’s appearance made everyone doubt the authenticity of the ruins’ difficulty. It couldn’t be helped. Eleven’s appearance was too deceptive.

“Yeah.” Shi Yu smiled.

“Then how many stages do you think my Wings of Wind can pass?” After arriving at the arena, Bai Qi spoke a lot more.

“Perhaps it will fall in the fourth level,” Shi Yu analyzed seriously.

After he finished analyzing, Bai Qi was amused. It meant that the Wings of Flight definitely couldn’t defeat this guy’s Iron-eating Beast, right?

Then he wanted to see what kind of tricks Shi Yu could nurture with a level-seven Iron-eating Beast.

Even if there were additional skills, even if its racial skill reached expert level… It would definitely not be so easy to resist against the Wings of Wind.

“Let’s begin.”

Bai Qi stepped forward menacingly.

His expression turned serious. At the same time, green ripples spread out on the Wings of Wind, still flying in the sky.

Hu hu hu!!!!

The wind around the Wings of Wind got even stronger.

And at this moment, the things displayed by the Wings of Wind were also very commendable.

“Green energy cloak, expert level Wind Wings. This Wings of Wind has a racial skill that has reached expert level!”

The presidents of the associations present all saw the skill situation of the Wings of Wind!

At this moment, the strength quality displayed by the Wings of Wind made some of the newbie representatives even more worried.

Wind Wings was a skill that increased speed. An expert level Wind Wings meant that the speed of this Wings of Wind would be very terrifying.

Not only was its speed terrifying, but it also had super vision that could quickly lock onto his target at high speed, as well as two powerful attack skills. In addition, he could fly. Damn, how was he to fight?

“I feel that that little Iron-eating Beast is completely helpless…”

Even the master-level Beast Tamers couldn’t think of what the little Iron-eating Beast could use to fight the enemy.

Even President Feng, who knew some of Shi Yu’s background, froze slightly.

Could Shi Yu’s Iron-eating Beast handle it?

It should… be alright, right?

“Jiuu!”

As the Wings of Wind in the sky let out another cry, it attacked.

It didn’t use wind blades because it would conflict with the wind wings. Instead, it used the tearing claw that could even tear steel apart.

The Wings of Wind planned to showcase its speed advantage.

The speed of the wind wings and the sharpness of the huge claws.

The combination of the two became the simplest and most basic combination skill.

However, it was very practical.

“Grandmaster Bai’s son isn’t bad…”

Everyone thought to themselves as they looked at the huge bird that was like a beam of light flying towards the little Iron-Eating Beast below.

Could it withstand it by hardening?

It definitely couldn’t dodge.

“It can’t possibly take the hit.”

In the arena, Bai Qi’s gaze flickered with extreme determination.

However, in the next second, he sensed that something was wrong.

It was as if his whole body was trembling.

Even the Wings of Wind, which was flying towards Eleven, couldn’t help but freeze.

It was as if it could feel the aura of a top-notch predator from the little Iron-Eating Beast below.

“What happened?”

At this moment, no one realized the seriousness of the matter.

But as the little Iron-eating Beast, which no one was optimistic about, raised its head slightly and looked at its opponent, everything changed.

Boom!!!

It was as if there was an invisible wave emanating from the iron-eating beast!

As it looked at its opponent, the air around Eleven began to hum and vibrate. A nearly substantial deterrence wave formed a transparent tide beside it. This scene suddenly shocked everyone.

In the next moment, a terrifying deterrence wave spread out directly and swept across the arena like a storm.

Voom!

The Wings of Wind seemed to have touched a forbidden domain, yet it felt as if it had not touched anything. But in this instant, its eyes couldn’t help but turn white. Its entire body went weak and powerless, as if it had suffered a serious injury. It directly fell from the sky!

Bang!

The Wings of Wind fell to the ground heavily. Bai Qi’s expression gradually exploded.

As he didn’t really want to battle the eight of them, Shi Yu immediately started with a big move.

He simply insta-killed the opponent. The others could feel free to challenge him if they still wanted.

At the same time, all the master-level Beast Tamers watching the battle stood up at the same time and said with greater shock,

“King’s aura, expert in deterrence, how is this possible!!!”