Chapter 61 - Monster Talent

Chapter 61: Monster Talent

“You guys want to fight?”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Commander He was obviously a boorish person who didn’t bother with trifles. He said, “Damn, interesting!”

“I’ll get someone to empty the venue for you guys!”

“This is a good opportunity for those soldiers to broaden their horizons.”

One was Old Feng’s relative, while the other was a monster rookie who had somehow cleared the fourth level. In short, the two of them were not simple.

He also wanted to see the strength of these two people.

Well, at the same time, he could also encourage the new recruits under him. Not bad.

“It’s good to be young,” President Feng said with a smile.

He narrowed his eyes. No matter how he looked at it, it didn’t look like he was lamenting. Instead, it looked like he was preparing to watch the show.

“Then wait until after lunch. You guys have enough rest first. Fight after you’re full.”

“Sure,” Cheng Gong said indifferently.

Shi Yu naturally didn’t mind.

…

Outside, the Beast Tamer Corps’ sergeant was speaking to this batch of Beast Trainers.

The general content was that everyone could challenge the ruins again in the next month.

However, they could only challenge it once a day.

In this month, everyone could go home or stay here. Anyway, the camp here was very sufficient, and they would definitely be full from three meals a day.

“I’ve decided to stay here. I won’t leave until I pass two trials.”

Chen Kai, who had only passed one level, felt ashamed.

He was really a little trash. He actually only passed one level…

“But is your Refreshing Capsule enough?” A close classmate who passed the assessment with him asked. He was the only other classmate who passed the entry requirements.

“Damn, it doesn’t seem to be enough. We have to go back and prepare a month’s worth of food first,” Chen Kai said after reacting.

Damn it! He was clearly eating the Refreshing Capsule, so why wasn’t it as effective as Shi Yu?

In the previous battle, there wasn’t much of a difference in their strength.

However, it had only been a short while. He passed the first stage, and Shi Yu passed the fourth. The difference in strength was simply breaking through the horizon.

Could it be that Shi Yu had upgraded the supplements?

“I have to prepare some too,” Chen Kai’s classmate said. He was also a candidate from Mt. Tian Mang.

As the two of them conversed, Qiao Liang, the Hundred Herb Hall doctor who didn’t want to eavesdrop, had a strange expression.

Why were there still people discussing supplements in the ruins?

What exactly was going on with the supplement heat recently?

Including Shi Yu. How did a weak Beast Tamer who ate tonics every day become a super big boss?

Could it be that… Did these supplements really have hidden effects?

Doctor Qiao Liang, who had received relevant education, also hesitated in the face of reality.

Why not he give it a try too?

The people here were quickly disbanded. Some planned to stay and take a look, while others planned to go back and prepare.

But at this moment, a group of soldiers suddenly started drawing the venue, making many people puzzled.

The venue was quickly drawn. A Beast Tamer was more curious and went forward to ask.

This question stunned the Beast Tamer.

A moment later, news spread to the nearby camp.

Not only did the Beast Tamer Troops stationed here know, but the 80 new Beast Tamers also knew.

“Holy shit, this is bad. That Cheng Gong who passed the third level is going to battle with that Shi Yu who passed the fourth level!”

“President Feng and Commander He allowed it. Everyone can watch the battle!!!”

When this news spread, everyone instantly wasn’t tired or hungry anymore. They were all energetic.

“There’s still a battle to watch? Then I won’t leave. I want to see the difference between me and the big boss.”

“I’ll stay with you.”

“Me too. ”

These were the new Beast Tamers.

The Beast Tamers of the Beast Tamer Troops were extremely silent.

Those professional-level officers were still alright, but the ordinary trainee-level soldiers had complicated feelings.

After all, none of them passed the third round.

And these two people, one who passed three levels, and the other who passed four levels… It was simply infuriating to compare.

“I want to see how powerful they are.” Many people thought.

The area around the ruins became lively.

At noon, almost everyone stayed behind and chose to eat at the camp.

At this moment, no one could find where Shi Yu and Cheng Gong were.

They only appeared after lunch.

Because the two of them were called to eat special nutritional meals by Commander He.

The nutritional meal could accelerate the recovery speed of the pets in the Beast Taming Space. After eating it, the two of them were almost at their peak state.

Although… it was the same for Shi Yu if he didn’t eat it. After all, Eleven had the dual recovery buff of Absolute Sleep and the Beast Taming Space.

…

“Coming, coming.”

As Shi Yu and Cheng Gong appeared outside, the disciplined soldiers were still alright. The new Beast Tamers immediately became noisy, looking forward to it.

Under Commander He’s call, all the probationary-level soldiers surrounded him, planning to broaden their horizons.

In an instant, Shi Yu and Cheng Gong became the center of attention.

“Isn’t this arena formation a little too big?” Cheng Gong was nervous.

He was not convinced and wanted to challenge Shi Yu to see the difference. Why was he the center of attention by Commander He and Shi Yu?

If he lost, wouldn’t it be very embarrassing?

Shi Yu also felt that the atmosphere was a little too grand, but since it was already like this, he might as well make do…

Then, the two of them walked to the two sides of the arena.

Commander He came to the edge of the arena with a smile and said, “Then I’ll be your judge.”

“Alright, thank you,” said the two fighters.

Commander He nodded and became serious for once. “You two, send out your pets together.”

“Then, listen to my command and start the battle!”

After saying this, the entire place fell completely silent. Everyone stared at the two of them intently.

That was because not everyone knew the situation of their pets.

“Moon Flame Beast.”

A huge summoning array appeared, and Cheng Gong’s pet walked out of the spatial ripples.

“Roar!!!”

When this pet walked out, it brought with it rolling heat waves.

It was a creature more than a meter long with scarlet flame-like hair all over its body. Its body was turned sideways and had a “crescent” pattern around its buttocks.

It looked like a ferret-type creature from Earth, a ferret bear. It might be an evolution species of a ferret.

[Name]: Moon Flame Beast

[Attributes]: Fire

[Race Level]: High Transcendent

[Race Skill]: Exploding Flame, Flame Assault, Flame Claw

It wasn’t an ice-element creature, but a rare fire-element creature in Icefield City…

“Wuu—”

Compared to the Moon Flame Beast, everyone present was much more familiar with Shi Yu’s Iron-eating Beast. After all, it was a unique pet of Ping Cheng…

At this moment, Eleven was also very unhappy. It had not been able to clear the ruins in one go previously, making it feel that its training intensity was not enough!

He had to work harder. Only then could he live up to his reputation of increasing Shi Yu’s points.

It looked at its opponent this time. It decided to start from insta-killing the opponent in front of it… If it couldn’t do it, the training volume would double!

Eleven’s thoughts were transmitted, and Shi Yu’s expression was complicated. He cheered Eleven on.

At that moment, as Eleven, who was one meter tall, walked out of the summoning array, everyone was silent.

Because Eleven was too small, it looked like a cub.

Everyone was from Ping Cheng, so they naturally knew that adult Iron-eating Beasts were nearly two meters tall. This one meter difference was too much.

It wasn’t even two years old?

After seeing the Iron-eating beast, Cheng Gong’s eyes were filled with disbelief because of its size.

Shi Yu relied on this Iron-eating beast cub to pass the fourth level? How was that possible!

“Apprentice Beast Tamer, Cheng Gong, Pet Moon Flame Beast, growth level, awakening level ten.”

Cheng Gong had taken the initiative to introduce himself in exchange for information about Shi Yu.

“Trainee Beast Tamer, Shi Yu, pet Iron-eating Beast, growth level, awakening level seven.”

There was nothing to hide about pets, so Shi Yu said it out loud.

When Shi Yu finished speaking, many people were stunned.

Level-seven Awakening? Was this a joke???

Everyone knew that Shi Yu was very impressive for breaking through four consecutive levels, but at least, there had to be some logic to be strong.

If your Iron-eating Beast’s growth level was at level ten, no one would say anything.

After all this time, not only was the pet a cub, but its growth level had also not reached the pinnacle of the Awakening Stage?

“It was still level-six a few days ago. Did it break through?”

The discussion of the apprentices in Bamboo Stone Dojo dealt another heavy blow to the surrounding people.

Damn it!

Not to mention these Beast Tamers… Even President Feng, who was nearby, felt that it was ridiculous.

According to Shi Yu’s information, when he participated in the assessment at Mt. Tian Mang, the Iron-eating beast was only level-six.

Therefore, this was what he didn’t understand… Even if an Iron-eating Beast with expert level Hardening had a growth level below level ten, it couldn’t possibly pass the fourth or even the third level.

The Beast Tamers at the scene were very confused, and so was Commander He. He chose the most direct way to understand this mystery.

“Damn it, let the battle begin!”

As soon as he finished speaking, Cheng Gong immediately issued an order.

“Moon Flame Beast, Exploding Flame!!!”

The Moon Flame Beast’s expression was ferocious as it roared. All the fiery red hair on its body exploded, and a ball of fire condensed in front of its mouth.

In an instant, a huge fireball nearly a meter in diameter, containing the power of the explosion, and rolling heat waves formed directly!

[Exploding Flame]: Intermediate fire-element skill. It can create flames with an explosive nature. Its lethality is huge!

As the Moon Flame Beast attacked, the surrounding frost instantly melted. The Beast Tamers present also felt a wave of heat.

“The proficiency of this Bursting Flame is at least proficient!”

Commander He thought to himself, No wonder it could defeat the Ice-Armored Giant. This fire skill was very lethal to ice-type creatures…

No, not only for ice-type creatures, but also for all creatures!

Boom!!!

Bursting Flames exploded. Just this move alone made many Beast Tamers understand the difference between them and Cheng Gong.

However, what was most unbelievable was that Shi Yu and the Iron-eating Beast actually looked calm and composed in the face of this powerful attack.

“Eleven, harden, Thunder Palm!”

As the flames attacked, Eleven stood on the spot. Its hair originally fluttered with the hot wind, but in the next moment, it was like a motionless mountain with the hardened version.

Low-level skill, Hardening!

Looking at the little Iron-eating beast, everyone was not unfamiliar with this move.

However, not dodging? Instead, he planned to use Hardening to forcefully resist the skill? Everyone didn’t understand.

Zi, zi, zi, zi…

In the next second, everyone who didn’t understand Shi Yu’s order discovered a new change in the little Iron-eating Beast.

Countless blue and white strong electric currents suddenly spread out of the little Iron-eating Beast’s entire right arm. Its might looking extremely shocking.

A terrifying electric current spread on the metal arm. The Beast Trainers might still be a little confused by this scene, but it directly made the expressions of all the professional Beast Tamers change slightly.

“Combination skill!” All the professional Beast Tamers were shocked. It was a skill with different attributes!

At this moment, the flames closed in.

Eleven used the combination skill of expert level “Hardening” and expert level “Thunder Palm” and directly punched out.

Zizizi…

The sound of thunder was like the cry of a thousand birds. Eleven’s arm was like a lightning spear, extremely shocking.

This action made Cheng Gong’s eyes widen.

Boom!!!

With a boom, Eleven seemed to have been swallowed by the explosive flames, but what everyone saw was that the moment the fireball made contact with the Little Iron-eating Beast, it was instantly divided into two, and a passage was pierced out from the middle!

The proficient mid-level skill Exploding Flame was actually sliced open with a palm.

This was not the end, because Bursting Flames contained the nature of an explosion. Although its form was instantly destroyed, causing its power to decrease, the remaining Bursting Flames still exploded instantly.

At this moment, Eleven had already walked in front of the Exploding Flame that had been sliced open. Its hardened body actually made use of the shockwave impact of the Exploding Flame Explosion to attack the Moon Flame Beast like a ferocious beast made of interweaving thunder flames. Its speed was so fast that the Moon Flame Beast lost its sense of propriety.

“Roar!!!” The Moon Flame Beast’s pupils constricted. It didn’t understand what kind of monster this was. It could actually cut open its Bursting Flames.

This was also normal. After all, the penetration power of a perfect-level Thunder Palm could even cut apart the lightning strikes in nature. Although Eleven’s Thunder Palm’s proficiency wasn’t enough, with the enhancement of hardening, its power wasn’t much worse.

Although this Exploding Flame was strong, its strength was clearly insufficient.

“Flame Assault! Flame Claw!”

Facing the surging little Iron-eating Beast, Cheng Gong’s scalp went numb. He felt a strong pressure, but the only thing he could do was fight back.

[Flame Assault]: Intermediate fire-element skill, causing the flames in the body to explode and transform into kinetic energy, obtaining stronger speed.

Cheng Gong planned to let the Moon Flame Beast win with speed. After all, the Iron-eating Beast’s vision wasn’t very good.

Boom!

Flames erupted from the Moon Flame Beast’s body, as if it had turned into a flaming afterimage. The proficiency of this flame attack had clearly reached the proficient level, and it wasn’t as simple as entry level.

Swoosh!

The Moon Flame Beast didn’t intend to fight Eleven head-on. Its claws were filled with scorching flames, and it swayed left and right strangely while charging at the Iron-eating Beast that was attacking it.

A moment later, the two passed each other.

However, Cheng Gong and the Moon Flame Beast completely miscalculated.

The speed interference tactic they chose didn’t have any effect on Eleven, who had super vision.

Bang!!!

The flaming claw of the Moon Flame Beast stopped in the sky, and its body also stopped in midair. At the critical moment of its attack, Eleven’s palm hit its stomach.

The scene seemed to have stopped, and in the next moment, the Moon Flame Beast seemed to have encountered a huge impact, flying backwards!!

Bang bang bang bang bang bang!

It rolled for more than ten meters before stopping.

The scene instantly fell silent.

“Good fight.” In the silent scene, Shi Yu was the first to speak.

In the instant of the attack, Eleven canceled the combination skill and only used hardening to fight the enemy. This way, the damage to the Moon Flame Beast was not big. Otherwise, with the combination skill, even if the Moon Flame Beast didn’t die, it would still be severely injured.

Apart from Shi Yu himself, no one knew that Eleven had mastered the expert level Thunder Palm.

“I…”

At this moment, Cheng Gong was still a little confused when he saw the Moon Flame Beast flying backward instantly.

How was this possible? How could this Iron-eating Beast keep up with the Moon Flame Beast’s speed…

His face instantly turned pale.

Even when fighting the Ice-Armored Giant, they didn’t feel so much pressure.

What kind of monster was that… level-seven? He must be kidding!

“Wuu!!!” At this moment, Eleven stood on the spot unscathed and looked straight at the enemy who crawled up.

As for the Moon Flame Beast, although it could still climb up, the two rounds of confrontation just now completely made it lose its battle will. At this moment, its body was trembling slightly as it looked at Eleven in horror!

Although it didn’t initiate a deterrence, Eleven’s aura completely left a shadow in his heart!

“Kid, you lost.” Commander He, who was at the judge’s seat, was silent the whole time. Only now did he say to Cheng Gong.

With that said, he spoke to Shi Yu in an incredulous tone.

He asked the question that everyone wanted to ask.

“Not only is it expert level Hardening, but your Iron-eating Beast also mastered proficient level Thunder Palm?”

“Moreover, you guys even perfectly combined them into a combination skill?”

Also, this Iron-eating Beast’s battle awareness and experience were also ridiculously strong… It actually could find an opportunity to hit the opponent’s vital points in one hit after the Flame Assault move accelerated itself?

What kind of monster combination was this… This was the first time Commander He had seen such a fierce newcomer.

“Yes.” Shi Yu nodded in response to the question.

As he nodded, everyone fell silent for a moment. Then, there was an uproar.

“That’s Bamboo Stone Dojo’s ultimate skill, Thunder Palm?”

“What ridiculous power. It actually split the flames with one palm.”

“Are you stupid? That’s not an ordinary Thunder Palm, it’s a combination skill. At least, it’s superimposed with the power of expert level Hardening. It has an extremely high requirement for skill proficiency!”

“Is that so?” Someone asked the apprentice from Bamboo Stone Dojo.

At this moment, the apprentices of Bamboo Stone Dojo were also very stunned and had no idea what had happened.

But what happened in front of them told them that this was the case.

Jiang Rui was stunned on the spot. He didn’t understand if Shi Yu had improved greatly during this period of time, or if he didn’t use his full strength at all when they dueled last time.

Beast Tamers of every level had things they needed to study.

At the trainee level, it was already very outstanding to train the pet skill to the proficient and expert levels.

Combination skills were probably things that only professional Beast Tamers would research.

As for master level, it was to study the profundities formed by perfect-level skills.

This was the route that ordinary Beast Tamers should experience, but with Shi Yu and this little Iron-eating Beast…

Therefore, even the Beast Tamers such as Chen Kai, White Stone, and Qiao Liang were stunned. They didn’t understand how this level-seven Little Iron-eating Beast was cultivated.

“I lost.” Facing such an Iron-eating Beast, Cheng Gong’s voice was dry and hoarse. There was nothing he could do even if he refused to admit defeat.

As for the others, they also knew why Shi Yu could quickly pass the first three levels.

Even the Ice-Armored Giant probably couldn’t withstand that combination skill!

Their world views were shattered. This was the first time they knew that a Beast Tamer intern and a pet team of a middle-rank species that was less than level ten could be so brutal!

In a corner, the secretary of the Ping Cheng Association’s president looked at his silent president. He finally received a comment.

“Should I say this about the Iron-eating Beast… Or this Beast Tamer? It’s simply a monster-like talent. It’s so strange that it doesn’t make sense,” he said with a heavy tone.