Chapter 69 - Super Skill

Chapter 69: Super Skill

After the victims Bai Qi and Xu Jingyin returned, the remaining six rookie representatives were extremely silent.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

As long as they weren’t fools, they could understand the value of Shi Yu, the Beast Tamer who had cleared the four stages of the ruins.

The remaining rookie representatives present did not have confidence in defeating Shi Yu in front of them.

It was the right thing for Shi Yu to show his full strength.

No, Shi Yu and Eleven had yet to show their full strength.

To be precise, it was the right choice for them to show that they could instantly kill their opponents.

This immediately made the other rookie representatives hesitate, not daring to challenge.

Because they felt that they would lose even if they tried.

Young people were basically more concerned about their reputation. They would rather pretend that there was no winner or loser in the challenge than go up and take a beating. This guy was way too much, he was insane!

No one particularly wanted to go up and get insta-killed. The others could do whatever they wanted, but they themselves weren’t masochists.

“Eh, is there no one else?”

Before Shi Yu could say a word, President Feng suddenly said,

“Among the newbies in our Icefield City, no one contracted a commander pet?”

“Didn’t any pet break through to the transcendent rank while still at the first-level Beast Taming Space?”

Pleased.jpg.

Generally speaking, unless Beast Tamers had special talents or special methods, their first pet was basically just transcendent types, not to be confused with transcendent rank.

The Beast Tamer trainees couldn’t withstand the nutrition needed to turn their pet into commander rank.

Similarly, if the Beast Tamer’s Beast Taming Space was still at level one, after the pet’s growth level reached level ten, the space would suppress the pet’s growth, and it would be very difficult for the pet to break through to the transcendent rank.

Because the growth nutrition required by a transcendent rank pet was not something that a level-one Beast Taming Space could withstand.

After all, if a Beast Tamer wanted to have a powerful pet, they still had to work hard to increase their Beast Taming level.

However, there were exceptions to everything.

There were always some special geniuses.

At the moment, President Feng was asking about this special case.

At the same time, he was overjoyed.

Damn, this Shi Yu was much more impressive than he imagined.

If it weren’t for the two special cases of Beast Tamers he mentioned, probably no Beast Tamer trainee could compete with Shi Yu!

Old Feng’s behavior gradually became like that regiment commander…

“No!”

Many presidents of the associations looked at President Feng with unfriendly gazes. They wanted to beat him up.

This batch of Beast Tamers was the best this year. Who else was better?

Damn it, where did this old thief Feng find this monster newcomer??

The presidents looked at Shi Yu and the little Iron-Eating Beast and felt that even the disciples cultivated by those legendary Beast Tamers were only so-so when compared to Shi Yu during the probationary stage.

A level-seven Iron-eating Beast with expert level deterrence was f*cking ridiculous!

“Aha.” President Feng was amused again.

He was taking advantage of this!

He didn’t do anything, but Ping Cheng already had a genius like Shi Yu, who could be said to be the strongest newcomer in Icefield City. He was simply taking advantage of the situation.

But soon, President Feng’s heart tightened. He understood that Little Ping Cheng would definitely not be able to keep Shi Yu in the future.

“I have to invest more while this Shi Yu hasn’t grown up,” President Feng decided secretly.

…

At the same time, Shi Yu realized that his work was completed after realizing that no one was coming down to challenge him.

Eleven, on the other hand, was still at a loss.

Huh???

No opponents?

It clearly didn’t even use half its strength!

“It’s enough.”

Shi Yu thought to himself.

If it were before the points were added, this group of opponents might be a little difficult to deal with.

Unfortunately, after adding points, Eleven’s target was now 1VS 100.

This group of peers immediately appeared to be lacking.

In this arena, the criteria for strength was different.

The less moves he used to beat his opponents, the stronger he was.

“Is this considered a success in defending the arena?” Shi Yu asked the presidents.

At this moment, apart from Old Feng, the others felt more and more upset.

Initially, they had decided to open the Holy Spring in order to nurture the Beast Tamers in their districts and counties in advance and strive to kill and pass through the ruins a month later.

Why did it look like it had become a dowry, a gift for Ping Cheng instead?

What was wrong with this Shi Yu… The presidents were really afraid that Yu would clear the ruins less than a month after bathing in the Holy Spring.

The more they thought about it, the more furious they became. Their lungs exploded, and their hearts bled…

They looked at the newbie from their association in disappointment. However, they also knew in their hearts that there was no other way. Even if they forced their Tamers to attack the arena, they probably wouldn’t be his match.

“Of course!” Guild Leader Feng said.

With that said, he looked at the other presidents.

“Then you guys continue playing. I’ll bring Shi Yu over first.”

President Feng laughed. He didn’t plan to finish watching the matches either.

After confirming that his Beast Tamer was the strongest, that was enough.

…

“Ah, Well…”

A moment later, Shi Yu was really pulled out by President Feng.

Shi Yu didn’t expect President Feng to be so impatient. What was going on?

That girl’s Illusion Skill was something. He had yet to ask for her cell phone number.

The pets of other geniuses must be very rare too.

At least let him watch the battle.

Shi Yu felt that he had lost 100 million skills.

Old Feng, this isn’t over. You have to let me leech off your pet’s skills when we get back!

“Use the Holy Spring a second earlier, and you’ll get to return a second earlier to digest the results.”

“As for cracking the ruins… I’ll leave it to you!”

“By the way, the method you mentioned to break the fifth level is expert level deterrence??”

President Feng suddenly thought of something and asked.

“Yes.”

Shi Yu’s calm reply made President Feng’s balls hurt.

“I say… Do you know what expert level deterrence means? What’s wrong with your little Iron Eater?!”

“Even that old man Lin Hongnian can’t do this.”

“Shi Yu, who exactly are you?”

President Feng stopped and couldn’t help but ask. Shi Yu was definitely not as simple as he looked.

“Well…” Shi Yu walked to the side and said, “Just an interested Beast Tamer who likes archeology.”

…

The location of the Evolution Holy Spring was very special. It was located in a forest.

After spending some time, President Feng brought Shi Yu to this special protected area.

Surprisingly, there was no Beast Tamer guarding the Holy Spring of cultivation in Icefield City.

In fact, there wasn’t even a single creature nearby. Along the way, it made Shi Yu rather puzzled.

But soon, his doubts were dispelled.

After arriving at the periphery of the forest, President Feng started talking to the ancient tree in front of him.

“Ancient Tree, according to the previous agreement, this is the first Beast Tamer to use the Holy Spring this time.”

Just as President Feng finished speaking, a pair of green eyes opened in the center of the tree closest to Shi Yu and the others.

“Shi Yu, this is the guardian of the Evolution Holy Spring, the Ancient King Tree of Life. He’s the pet of a deceased senior in our Icefield City and one of the guardians of the City.”

“A monarch-level life form!” Shi Yu’s heart skipped a beat. No wonder this place didn’t need a Beast Tamer to protect it.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

Before Shi Yu could react, a branch appeared in the forest and extended from afar to Shi Yu.

“Shiyu, let the Ancient Tree of Life bring you over next. You have to grab onto the branches, or you’ll get lost.”

“Alright.”

Shi Yu subconsciously grabbed the tree branch.

At this moment, Shi Yu was stunned.

Because the skill index reacted.

After judging the information, Shi Yu trembled.

[Confirm recording]

Skill: Plant Control

[Skill Level]: Super level

< Introduction > It’s a wood-type skill. It has the absolute right to control natural plants. It can control plants, control the growth of plants, and increase the quality of plants. It is the king of plants.

Status: no target