Chapter 65 - Fighting Elites

Chapter 65: Fighting Elites

“When is this?”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Shi Yu immediately asked.

He felt that he should challenge the ruins after soaking in the hot spring.

Otherwise, if he wasn’t given this Holy Spring opportunity after clearing the ruins too early, he would have suffered a huge loss.

Of course, this was only just a thought. If this ruin was really very important and he conquered it, he wouldn’t abandon that over soaking in the spring for too long.

“It’s about a week later. After all, we have to give the other associations sufficient time to choose their recommended Beast Tamers.”

President Feng was silent for a moment before continuing, “I wonder what kind of Beast Tamer they will send…”

To be honest, Guild Leader Feng wasn’t too sure either.

Although Shi Yu’s talent was extraordinary, it would be uncomfortable if a second-generation heir popped out of nowhere with a commander race pet contracted at the start.

It had been some time since he had paid attention to the situation of the newbies in the other districts and counties. He really couldn’t tell what the situation was like in the recent year.

He only knew that Cheng Gong wasn’t the best in their school. He was only at the top.

However, it wasn’t a big problem. Resources like the Holy Spring emphasized on absorption efficiency. Even if it wasn’t the first to use it, the effect might not be bad.

President Feng gave himself a heads-up.

“In other words, I have a week to prepare.”

“Yes, you should be sufficiently prepared. The Ping Cheng Association will first distribute 1 million yuan in cash resources to you.”

“For the subsequent resources, if you need anything, you can apply directly.”

President Feng took a sip of red date tea.

1 million!

Shi Yu’s eyes lit up. Although it wasn’t too much, it was quite a bit.

At the very least, the consumption of supplements during this period of time could be made up for directly.

“Alright.” Shi Yu nodded.

“Heh, I won’t disturb you then.”

“It’s a pity that Old Lin isn’t around during this period of time. Otherwise, he could still give you temporary guidance.”

“Although I’ve never cultivated an Iron-eating Beast, if you have any problems, you can come directly to me.”

President Feng shook his head and put down the cup.

“Alright.” Although he didn’t need any guidance, Shi Yu still thanked him.

He didn’t have any special requests. When the time came, he could just ask President Feng to bring out all his pets and let him broaden his horizons.

Then, President Feng left.

After Shi Yu sent him away, he fell into deep thought in the courtyard.

He still had a week to level up…

In order to stabilize his position and fight for Eleven’s spot to soak in the Holy Spring, he should work overtime.

…

A week. With a goal, it would pass quickly.

Apart from going to Bamboo Stone Dojo a few times, he had been training at home.

After visiting the dojo a few more times, Shi Yu learned that Hall Master Lin Hongnian and Senior Lin Xiuzhu were no longer in Ping Cheng…

The former went to carry out a mission, while the latter seemed to have returned to her alma mater to do something.

No wonder no one came to ask in shock after the news of him mastering the combination skill spread. So they weren’t around. How boring!

With few familiar faces around, Shi Yu’s life was boring and boring. He cultivated and cultivated.

In the blink of an eye, a week passed.

Eleven’s attributes changed completely.

< Name > Iron-eating Beast

[Attributes]: Metal

[Level of Growth]: Level 7 Awakening

[Skill]: Hardening (Expert+4), Thunder Palm (Expert), High Speed Healing (Expert), Super Vision (Expert), Deterrence (Expert), Absolute Sleep (Proficient), Multiplication (Proficient).

From this terrifying interface, one should be able to see how hard Shi Yu worked.

Compared to a week ago, four skills have gone through significant changes.

High-speed healing, super vision, deterrence, multiplication!

Their effects had more or less changed as well.

Compared to the proficient level’s high-speed healing, the expert level’s high-speed healing completely reflected the word “high-speed”.

As long as the energy consumed was enough, even if the injury was great, it could be healed instantly within a certain range.

Next was super vision. Compared to proficient level, expert level super vision could already achieve 360 degrees vision without any blind spots.

At the same time, he could easily see through illusions of the same level.

With this, Eleven was still invincible on the battlefield even if its back was facing the enemy.

Upon reaching this symbol, Shi Yu felt that Eleven’s cosplay was completely successful.

Observation Haki: Supervision!

Armament Haki: Hardening!

Conqueror’s Haki: Deterrence!

It couldn’t be the Pirate King, but it could be the king of the Pandas.

In seven days, Eleven’s deterrence skill had also reached expert level.

This was its only expert high-level skill.

It was just that Shi Yu had yet to experiment with the upper limit. The green worm was too weak.

However, according to Shi Yu and Eleven’s initial estimations, as long as the opponent was in the Awakening Stage, even if the opponent was at level ten of Awakening, it might not necessarily be able to withstand the deterrence of an expert level.

After all, deterrence was mainly carried out on the spiritual level.

Eleven, who had upgraded deterrence and super vision to expert level and absolute sleep to proficiency level, had a lot of spiritual power feedback. No one could say for sure how strong its spiritual power was.

As for proficient level multiplication, the increase could only be said to be average.

In the shrunken state, it could turn Eleven’s height into 25 centimeters. It was ridiculously small and its combat power was also ridiculously weakened. However, it was strangely cute. It seemed like it was fine to put it on his shoulder or something.

In the multiplication state, it could transform the originally one-meter-tall Eleven into a four-meter-tall giant Iron-eating Beast. Its strength increase was astonishing, but its consumption was also astonishing.

At least, the current Eleven couldn’t maintain it for long. It wasn’t suitable for battle.

In short, he still lacked “mana”.

Let’s see if this trip to the Holy Spring could change Eleven’s lack of mana.

…

August 16.

On the day they set off for the south city area of Icefield City, where the Holy Spring was located, it was President Feng who personally came to fetch Shi Yu.

Next, the two of them headed to the destination together.

“How was your rest?” In the car, President Feng narrowed his eyes and observed Shi Yu through the window with a strange expression.

Why did he feel that after a week, Shi Yu’s mental state wasn’t as good as he imagined? Didn’t he rest well?

Could it be that because of his words, he had trained hard for a week???

What a genius!!! President Feng cried.

He was talented and hardworking! Why would Ping Cheng have to worry about the development of the city if there were more Beast Tamers like him?

“Not bad.”

Shi Yu raised his thumb. There was no problem.

With that, he opened the door and got into the car.

President Feng was in the front passenger seat, and Shi Yu sat in the back. As for the driver… it was President Feng’s female secretary.

It seemed like being a president was a pretty good experience.

“There’s no need to be nervous. With your talent and strength, you’re an elite even in a big city!”

“The newbies from the other districts and counties who compete with you for the Evolution Holy Spring might not necessarily be as outstanding as you.”

President Feng was quite confident, mainly because Shi Yu was indeed quite outstanding.

Shi Yu: “I’m not nervous. They should be the ones who are nervous.”

President Feng and the female secretary:??

Good heavens, this kid was arrogant enough.

Before noon that day, Shi Yu and President Feng arrived at the south city area of Icefield City.

As a downtown area, this place was much better than the suburbs of Ping Cheng.

Coincidentally, the school Shi Yu attended and the place where he interned were in this particular district and county.

It wasn’t the first time Shi Yu had come to the Beast Tamer Association in the southern area. This place was still the same as before. It was very imposing and grand.

In the huge building complex, President Feng and Shi Yu didn’t seem to have arrived early. After all, Ping Cheng was relatively far…

Therefore, before they arrived, the presidents of the associations in the other eight districts and counties, as well as the representatives from their districts and counties, had already arrived.

It could be said that at the moment, this was the gathering place of the big shots of Icefield City and the elites of the newbies.

However, Shi Yu suddenly remembered… Eleven seemed to like fighting elites!