Chapter 63 - Just Add More Points

Chapter 63: Just Add More Points

August 7th, afternoon. Sunlight was good.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

In the courtyard, the energetic Eleven was training seriously.

Shi Yu held a Space Spirit Stone and meditated.

If that group of Beast Trainers saw this, they would definitely be embarrassed.

After all, Shi Yu and Eleven had just broken through four ruins in a row in the morning and had gone through countless battles.

In the end, they didn’t even have any intention of resting in the afternoon, and just continued training… This was simply animal behavior.

“It’s indeed much faster than my own meditation.”

Shi Yu put down the Ethereal Stone and felt relieved.

“If only there were more of these rocks.”

Shi Yu found the reason why his cultivation was slow.

If he wanted to quickly increase the level of the Beast Taming Space through meditation, he had to concentrate completely.

But every time he finished teaching the pet skill, he would be both physically and mentally exhausted. How could he be in the mood to meditate?

As time passed, the level increase in the Beast Taming Space slowed down.

In the end, it was still Eleven’s fault.

Shi Yu completely solved the reason for his slow cultivation.

Eleven in the middle of training: (.•ˇ‸ˇ•.)???

After giving Eleven more points, I have to take some time to increase the level of the Beast Taming Space, Shi Yu thought.

However, before that, Shi Yu opened his cell phone and logged onto the previous shopping website.

He bought fifteen more beans and other supplements scattered around. It cost about two million yuan.

At this point, there were less than 7 million yuan left from the initial 10 million yuan.

But with these, he could almost raise all of Eleven’s skills to expert level.

“It’s really expensive…”

Looking at the balance, Shi Yu felt the pinch.

From the looks of it, even with the skill index, the 10,000,000 starting capital might not necessarily be able to raise all 11 skills to perfect level, let alone transcendent level.

In the future, if a super skill or Mythical ability was used, wouldn’t the supplements cost hundreds of millions of yuan to reach the maximum level?

At that time, the pets would probably have to eat some outrageous thing like “dragon liver or phoenix marrow”…

In the end, he was still short on money. The skill index could allow him to increase the proficiency of his pet skills faster than other Beast Tamers, but the cost was money.

However, it was also worth it to spend money. After all, other Beast Tamers had to spend money to buy nutritional supplements to train their pet skills. In terms of cost-effective ratio, it would definitely be higher on Shi Yu’s side.

That night…

Shi Yu took out one of the two remaining divine beans and a ginseng baby beard and started to call Eleven over to level it up.

Eleven: ๐·°(৹˃̵_˂̵৹)°·๐!!

Eleven, who had been training for half a day, endured it with tears in its eyes. It was very worried that it would disappoint this bonus.

It also set a goal for itself to clear all six stages next time.

“Don’t worry, if we combine hardwork and cheating, even a god won’t be able to stop the progress,” Shi Yu comforted.

That night, initial-level deterrence was raised to proficient level.

The deterrence that could only be used to increase battle intent and weaken enemy battle intent… Immediately became an attack skill on the spiritual level.

The increase in the deterrence level didn’t mean that Eleven could insta-kill weaker opponents with just its aura. It also meant that any mental-type skills might not have much effect on him.

However, after teaching the skills this time, Shi Yu didn’t seem to be the only one with side effects.

Some special skills could slightly change the temperament and personality of the pet.

For example, if he issued a Berserk command frequently, it was easy for his pets to become crazy, violent, and irrational.

Deterrence was the same. It could nurture a domineering aura that came from the spiritual level of the pet!

Eleven: (/ ^ Д ′) / Howl!!!

As expected, after the deterrence level increased, Eleven immediately became arrogant again.

It wanted to challenge the fifth level now, one against 100.

Shi Yu was silent. He didn’t expect deterrence to have a low intelligence buff.

“Damn it, sleep.”

Eleven could be irrational, but so could Shi Yu.

It didn’t matter if someone came to stop him this time. He had to develop first!

He had to aim to get there in one go and max out his skill level. When the time came, he would break through all the levels in a row, saving himself the trouble of frequently re-challenging and wasting time.

In order to calm Eleven down, Shi Yu had captured it again tonight to use as a pillow…

This made Panda King Eleven fall into deep thought.

A king couldn’t be humiliated!!!

Unless it was its Beast Tamer.

…

The next morning.

Shi Yu was still lying leisurely on the sofa in the courtyard, meditating.

Occasionally, he would glance at his cell phone and check the transport progress of yesterday’s shopping.

As he watched, he put on his earphones and started chasing after a TV series.

As expected, watching dramas was still fun.

However, Shi Yu did not admit that he was procrastinating. He convinced himself he only wanted to stimulate his brain with various movies to pave the way for him to find new skills in the future.

The movies in this world were all related to pets. Very few were purely about people.

Pets were definitely a popular topic. As long as the pets in the show attracted enough attention, the box office would not be low.

For example, the movie Shi Yu was watching currently described the story of the high school student and the beast-eared girl, A story of the different races meeting in a dream and looking for each other.

“Good lord.”

Shi Yu was stunned. This alternate world’s “Your Name”?

Using the male lead to contract the Mermaid Princess in the end and work together to solve the tsunami?

They really dared to film it!

Just as Shi Yu was thinking about why he didn’t encounter such a good thing, he felt his body being stabbed.

He looked up and saw Dumb Eleven staring at him.

“What?”

“Wuu!” The furry Eleven widened its eyes and pointed outside.

It meant that the delivery had arrived.

Shi Yu was too engrossed in it and did not hear any sound.

“!!!” Shi Yu put away his cell phone and ran to collect the package.

Outside, it was still the familiar Wings of Wind, and the familiar delivery guy.

“Brother, it’s you again…”

The delivery man pondered. He had thought that this address was a little familiar. After arriving, he immediately remembered.

Isn’t this the Beast Trainer who spent a lot of money to buy supplements previously?

It had only been less than a week. Again?

Heh!

“I wish you good health.”

The delivery guy didn’t know anything and didn’t dare to ask anything. He could only wish Shiyu good health.

“Have a safe trip and be careful,” Shi Yu also blessed him, making the world filled with true love.

Just like that, Shi Yu obtained another large box of supplements.

A moment later, in the courtyard, Shi Yu, Eleven, and the Green Silkworm looked at the large box of supplements and fell into deep thought.

In the past, when there was no supply of supplements, Shi Yu was afraid to teach skills.

Now that he had a pile of supplements, Shi Yu was still afraid.

Although he was afraid both times, the two types of fear didn’t mean the same thing. Shi Yu could only say that the meaning was broad and profound.

“Sigh!!!”

He had to make use of the talent he had awakened! He just had to just increase his points!

…

At the same time.

Icefield City, Ping Cheng.

At the headquarters of the Beast Tamer Association.

Apart from the first day where he went to the ruins to observe the situation, President Feng returned to the association the next day. He handed all the responsibility to Commander He Biao to guard the place.

As the president of an association in a city, he had too many things to do.

At this moment, in the huge conference room, President Feng was holding a video conference with the presidents of the associations in the other eight districts and counties in Icefield City.

Among the nine districts and counties in Icefield City, four of them belonged to the downtown area and were located in the center of the city. They developed better, while Ping Cheng and the other four districts and counties were adjacent to the snow mountain and belonged to the suburbs.

“According to Old Feng’s intelligence… Let’s discuss the use of the Evolution Holy Spring.”