Chapter 60 - Ethereal Stone

Chapter 60: Ethereal Stone

At this moment, although Cheng Gong said that he had passed the third stage, everyone present wasn’t stupid.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Through the changes in the stone statue, they could also know that the first to break the record was someone else!

As for the nephew of the Ping Cheng Association’s president, Cheng Gong, he fell into deep thought.

At this moment, President Feng and He Biao walked over.

“Cheng Gong, what’s the fourth level?”

“You passed the first three levels. You should have seen the situation of the fourth level, right?”

President Feng went straight to the point.

The surrounding Beast Tamers and soldiers also pricked up their ears.

Yes, the third level was already so difficult, so what kind of monster was the fourth level?

“The fourth level…” Cheng Gong took a deep breath and said,” That’s a new snow mountain environment. Compared to the icy plains and glaciers of the first three levels, the range is larger. ”

“The moment I entered, this trial space formed 50 snow mountain ferocious beasts, 10 snow wolves, 10 Ice-Armored Beast, 10 Ice Fang Boars, 10 Ice Scaled Snakes, and 10 snow apes!”

“In terms of growth, there shouldn’t be any lower than level-seven, and their skill proficiency isn’t low.”

“I originally wanted my Moon Flame Beast to give it a try, but there was no breakthrough.”

Silence fell.

“Damn, 50?” A moment later, He Biao, the deputy commander of the Beast Tamer Corps in Ping Cheng, widened his eyes.

The first three levels were all one opponent. Why did it suddenly increase so much in the fourth level!

This was almost comparable to a small-scale beast tide!

The other Beast Tamers who didn’t even pass the second and third rounds also felt that the fourth round’s difficulty was very ridiculous.

How could he achieve 1VS 50 when entry was restricted to the level of a Beast Tamer trainee…

Eh?

Everyone suddenly realized something and looked at the fourth stone statue that lit up.

Everyone was silent for a moment. It seemed like someone had gotten through, right?

Who was it…

“Alright, you’ve done very well. There’s still a chance next time.” President Feng encouraged his nephew and turned to the record player.

“Look at how many people haven’t come out yet.”

“Yes!” The record register immediately compared the information, which was just a few seconds. He said, “Currently, there seems to be one person left.”

No one expected the case to be solved so quickly.

Indeed, regardless of whether he could pass the first three levels, 1VS1 wouldn’t take too much time.

But if he wanted to pass the fourth level, he would definitely have to spend a lot of time. It was normal for only this person to be left in the end.

“Who is it?” Although he already knew who it was, President Feng subconsciously wanted to confirm it.

At the same time, in the crowd, the Beast Tamers also tried their best to look around to see who was missing.

At that moment, Chen Kai, Jiang Rui, Qiao Liang, and the others looked a little strange. They kept searching, but they still didn’t find anything.

Damn… No way…

“Shi Yu, his name is Shi Yu!”

Coincidentally, just as the record holder finished speaking, light flashed again on the teleportation array in the center of the six stone statues.

Someone else came out of the ruins.

A young man in a dark-blue adventure suit with a backpack casually hanging on his shoulder walked out with an unhappy expression.

Shi Yu really wanted to communicate with the broken stone statue for a hundred rounds.

The fourth level was so difficult! Though, it wasn’t that he and Eleven couldn’t pass with all their trump cards.

In fact, it also proved that although the process was very difficult, they finally succeeded. It was doable.

However, Shi Yu only took a glance at the fifth level and found it boring.

This was not prepared for ordinary Beast Tamers at all.

In the fifth level, there were a total of 100 ferocious beasts. The number of them increased, the types increased, and their growth levels were higher overall. There were even level-ten ferocious beasts.

Although there were no commander-level ferocious beasts, just defeating 50 alone was enough to exhaust Eleven. Shi Yu didn’t think they could pass this level, so he directly withdrew.

Well, they would definitely come back. When the day came when they mastered deterrence, they would definitely avenge their previous humiliation.

“Eh?” When Shi Yu’s mind was active, he realized that many gazes from the outside world were on him.

Shi Yu felt creeped out by so many strange gazes.

“You’re Shi Yu?” The record register closest to the platform’s teleportation array asked.

“I am. Is there a problem?”

“You passed the third and fourth levels?”

“Yes.” There was no need to hide such a thing. Shi Yu nodded.

He looked in the direction of the stone statue. As expected, only two stone statues had lit up previously, but now, there were four.

“This!”

Beside him, as Shi Yu nodded in confirmation, Cheng Gong, who was the only one who had experienced the pressure of the fourth level, found it unbelievable.

He really couldn’t imagine how a Beast Tamer intern could get 1VS50.

Even more ridiculous than Cheng Gong were the few people who were familiar with Shi Yu.

Chen Kai, White Stone, Jiang Rui, and the others opened their mouths slightly and felt that it was unbelievable.

Although Shi Yu was indeed very strong, that little Metal-eating Beast didn’t seem to have a high level of growth. It was still very far from level ten!

If his growth level was not high, it meant that his physical fitness was limited. How did he pass the fourth level…

They didn’t know that Eleven had the ability to shrink and kite opponents, recover physical fitness, and absolute sleep. It could use the shortcomings of these non-living ferocious beasts with low intelligence to rest for a short period of time.

“F*ck.” However, the one who felt the most incredulous was still the young doctor, Qiao Liang.

In his impression, Shi Yu was a weak but slightly hard working newbie. How could he be a big boss who broke the four levels in a row?

“Well done.”

At this moment, although he didn’t know how Shi Yu had cleared the level, new progress in cracking the ruins was good news.

President Feng looked at Shi Yu with a smile and said, “You’re an apprentice of Bamboo Stone Dojo, right? Hall Master Lin actually mentioned you to me before.”

“He said you would give me a surprise… But I didn’t expect it to be such a big surprise.”

“Young heroes emerge.” President Feng clapped and said, “Can you tell me the situation of the fifth level?”

Hall Master Lin Hongnian even mentioned him to the president of the Ping Cheng Association?

Shi Yu was stunned before saying,

“The fourth level is 50 ice-element ferocious beasts whose growth levels are between seven to nine. The fifth level is 100 ice-element ferocious beasts whose growth levels are between eight to ten.”

“Their race levels are all at the transcendent level, and their skill proficiency is uncertain.”

“As the fifth level is a little difficult, we only took a look and left. We didn’t challenge deeper.”

After Shi Yu finished speaking, the surrounding people suffocated again.

The fourth level was already sick enough. Would someone really be able to pass the fifth level?

President Feng was also silent for a moment. Then, he looked at everyone and said,

“Since everyone has already entered the ruins once, I have news to announce to everyone.”

“In the next month, the Ping Cheng Association will take out a sum of resources to increase everyone’s strength.”

“Anyone who can pass two rounds can receive pet training resources. The resources increase with each round you can pass.”

In order to accelerate the cracking progress of this ruin, no matter how poor the Ping Cheng Association was, they couldn’t afford to not nurture their challengers. Otherwise, there would really be zero progress.

“Today, everyone can rest. Those whose pets are injured, remember to go to the infirmary to recover.”

“Cheng Gong and… Shi Yu, right? Do you need to go to the infirmary? Come with me later.” President Feng called out to the two Beast Tamers who had passed the third round.

In the Beast Taming Space, although the pet’s injuries would generally recover slowly and stop worsening, the healing effect was still the best.

“Alright.” Cheng Gong nodded.

“There’s no need for me. My pet isn’t injured,” Shi Yu said.

Eleven recovered on its own as it fought. It lacked physical fitness and was currently sleeping in the Beast Taming Space to recover.

Everyone was stunned.

What was this person saying?

Cheng Gong, who was beside him, felt emotional pain. He opened his mouth again. This guy was telling him that after doing a battle 1 VS 50, he wasn’t injured?? Huh?

“I see… Then you, follow me first.” The corners of President Feng’s mouth twitched.

It was already lucky enough that Bamboo Stone Dojo had nurtured an 18-year-old professional Beast Tamer, Lin Xiuzhu. What was with this Shi Yu?

In any case, President Feng couldn’t understand the information at all.

Then, under the silent gazes of everyone, Shi Yu followed President Feng into the camp.

Vice Commander He Biao also followed.

“Little brother, you really passed the fourth round?? I just took a look at your pet information. How can that be? By the way, I’m the deputy commander of the Beast Tamer Corps in Ping Cheng. My surname is He.” He didn’t understand.

It wasn’t just him who didn’t understand. President Feng also had many questions.

At this moment, Shi Yu directly took out the reward for passing the third round, the transparent stone.

And the reward for passing the fourth level, transparent stone x3.

The rewards for the two stages were the same, but there was a difference in the number.

“President Feng, Commander He, these are the items I obtained when I passed the third and fourth levels.”

“What’s this? A pet cultivation resource?”

Shi Yu took out the clearing reward, and the two of them immediately turned their attention to it.

President Feng was stunned when he saw it.

“Ethereal Spirit Stone?”

“The rewards for the third and fourth levels aren’t energy crystals anymore, but Ethereal Stones?” He Biao was rather shocked.

“That Ethereal Spirit Stone is?” Shi Yu had never heard of such a resource.

“F*ck, you made a killing. This is a rare spatial resource!” He Biao said roughly.

“It’s a resource even rarer than energy crystals. You can’t buy it even if you have money. There are very few of them. Ordinary people can’t come into contact with them at all. This is indeed a ruin. The mystic realm spaces like to produce it!”

“Spatial resources?” Shi Yu was stunned as he looked at the four transparent rocks in his hand.

Holy shit, this was the evolution ingredient he was looking for? A rare attribute?

Buggy, Eleven, and him were really going all out for it this time.

“Yes, spatial resources are also resources that all Beast Tamers dream of. Using this stone can accelerate the leveling of the Beast Taming Space.” President Feng nodded and said, “This is a good thing to increase the level of Beast Tamers…”

“This can be used to strengthen the Beast Taming Space?” Shi Yu was stunned again as he asked.

Both of them nodded.

“Well…” Shi Yu looked at the rock again. It was alright then.

He wanted to see if there were better resources for Buggy in the later stages. The spatial element was too low for it.

As a Beast Tamer, he used these stones reluctantly.

“From the looks of it, Cheng Gong should have also obtained the Ethereal Spirit Stone. Not bad, with this, your Beast Taming Space can be raised to level two earlier and contract a second pet…”

President Feng nodded, but soon, his expression changed. “Wait, Shi Yu, when you go back, don’t work hard to increase the level of the Beast Taming Space.”

“This ruin can only be suitable for trainee Beast Tamers for the time being…”

“I understand.” Shi Yu nodded, indicating that he understood. He wouldn’t level up so quickly. As long as the Beast Taming Space’s level reached the standard before the vocation assessment, that would be enough.

With this, he had an idea. Eleven’s leveling speed shouldn’t be too fast, or he might go above the entry requirement and be unable to enter.

At the same time, Cheng Gong’s treatment speed was fast. In just two minutes, he arrived.

This was normal. The military doctors stationed nearby were all professional Beast Tamers. Treating an Awakening Stage pet was just a skill.

Even if it was a bunch of injured pets, a group healing skill would be enough.

“President, Regiment Commander He.” Cheng Gong didn’t want to show his relationship with President Feng outside.

This would make it seem like his success was dependent on his family background, not his own hard work.

“Cheng Gong, what’s your reward for the third level?” President Feng looked at Cheng Gong.

“It’s an Ethereal Spirit Stone.” Cheng Gong immediately took out a transparent stone, just like Shi Yu’s.

President Feng and Commander He looked at each other and nodded.

President Feng said, “You guys keep your spoils of war. This is what you deserve.”

“In this challenge of the ruins, only two of you passed the third level. Cheng Gong, you passed three levels. Shi Yu, you passed four levels. Your performance was very good.”

“You heard it just now. Next, the association will draw out a sum of money to increase your strength.”

“Your performance this time is the most outstanding. The association will definitely give priority to nurturing you. With a certain amount, you can feel free to ask for anything.”

President Feng had already placed his hopes on the two of them.

As for the Beast Tamers outside, they could only be cultivated along the way.

Giving some resources to let them gain more growth in the ruins and nurturing more professional Beast Tamers for Ping Cheng was not a loss.

As for the main force, it would definitely be Shi Yu and Cheng Gong.

“Alright.” Cheng Gong was clearly mentally prepared for this. He immediately nodded.

As for Shi Yu, who was beside him, he fell into deep thought. Was there such a good thing?

As for needs… At his level, money was indeed better. The rest were all fancy fluff.

“By the way, you don’t know each other yet, right?”

“Let me introduce you. This is Cheng Gong, from Ping Cheng, but he goes to school in the city.”

“Shi Yu, an apprentice from Bamboo Stone Dojo, you seem to have studied in the city previously?” President Feng tried hard to recall Shi Yu’s information.

“Well, Icefield High, Feeding specialization,” Shi Yu introduced himself.

Cheng Gong and Commander He:??

The two of them looked at Shi Yu. This guy defeated the commander-level Ice-Armored Giant and succeeded in 1 VS 50. And now he dared to start telling them that he was from the Feeding specialization??

Don’t tell them that after Shi Yu entered the ruins, he used the method of feeding to make those ferocious beasts surrender directly!

“Uh…” After Cheng Gong’s eyelids twitched, he reached out to Shi Yu and said, “Hello.”

“To be able to pass the fourth level… you’re very impressive.”

“I have a presumptuous request. Can we have a battle after our pets recover?”

Because he was too curious about Shi Yu’s strength and how he cleared the level, Cheng Gong couldn’t help but challenge him.

Beside him, Guild Leader Feng was stunned, though there was no need to stop him.

His nephew was born to be a strong person. After being defeated this time, it was normal for him to be unhappy and want to see the difference.

At the same time, as the president of the Ping Cheng Association, he had no idea what was going on with Shi Yu. He also wanted to see Shi Yu’s strength.

The situation inside the ruins couldn’t be seen, but the battle outside could at least be seen, right?

Cheng Gong’s active challenge was an opportunity.

“Battle?” Shi Yu also extended his hand and shook the other party’s hand.

Apart from himself, the other party was the only one who defeated the Ice-Armored Giant. He probably wasn’t weak.

“Alright.” Shi Yu didn’t refuse. Beast Tamers needed to spar with each other to improve…