Chapter 71 - Legend

Chapter 71: Legend

“Is this the evolutionary form of an iron-eating beast?”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Still in a daze, Shi Yu left that state.

However, that form still left a deep impression on Shi Yu.

The Holy Spring was also known as the Evolution Holy Spring. It had a very small chance of increasing the evolutionary aptitude of the pets while stimulating their potential.

Shi Yu did not have much hope at first. After all, he had never heard of an iron-eating beast evolving.

However, what Eleven was experiencing now did not seem to be simple.

If that form was the evolutionary body of the iron-eating beast, it indeed looked more suitable for battle than the current iron-eating beast!

Its body far surpassed that of ordinary iron-eating beasts. Coupled with its metal armor, it looked like it was born for battle. No, for war.

Unlike the current iron-eating beasts, who, though they could also fight, were clearly more suitable for acting cute.

The image he saw just now actually reminded Shi Yu of a story that was circulated on Earth.

Legend had it that in the ancient era, when the Yellow Emperor fought a mythical figure called Chi You, gods appeared everywhere. using many birds and beasts as battle pets.

Among them, there was a battle pet called the Iron-eating Beast. Its fur was black and white, and its armor was pitch-black. It ate iron and drank water, and its feces could be used as a weapon. Like iron, the beast’s combat strength was peerless.

Chi You raised two of these monstrous beasts. One of them was well-trained and had a muscular body. Chi You trained it to be his mount and equipped it with various weapons and armor.

However, because the iron-eating beast was extremely cute, Chi You treated the other one as his pet. Later on, in the battle with the Yellow Emperor, because Chi You was in a hurry, he rode the iron-eating beast that was his pet by mistake…

In the end, Chi You was killed because of this panda. During the final battle with the emperor, because his mount was weak, he was killed by Ying Long, who was invited by Emperor Huang to help!

Of course, this mythical story was still a joke no matter how one looked at it.

However, even if it was just a joke, one could still tell that the iron-eating beast’s status seemed to be very special.

The truth of history was impossible to investigate. If the iron-eating beast was really the mount of demons, gods, and Chi You, it would definitely not be as simple as it seemed.

After all, even if Chi You had lost, one had to remember who the opponent was.

Ying Long was the Dragon God of Creation in ancient myths, the True Dragon and Ancestral Dragon of legend, one of the Four Great Divine Dragons!

During the battle between the Yellow Emperor and Chi You, Ying Long had killed Chi You and Kuafu in the South Pole to help the Yellow Emperor fight for the throne.

Helping Da Yu subdue the great flood, establishing the Dragon Gate, capturing Wu Zhiqi… He could be said to be the peerless war god with the best achievements in mythology.

Even if the iron-eating beast wasn’t its match, it had to at least be a Mythical creature to be able to participate in such a battle, right?

“I’m freaking imagining things again.”

Shi Yu hurriedly stopped his fantasy.

He had already transmigrated and was in two different worlds. It was best not to imagine things.

Even if the iron-eating beasts had evolved, their racial rank would definitely not increase too much. Commander and Monarch Stage experts would probably be at the strongest existences. Myth Stage experts were simply a fantasy for iron-eating beasts.

“But…”

However, from a different perspective, since there were such strange things like transmigration, then perhaps the various historical myths on Earth were not that simple?

Shi Yu fell into deep thought. At that moment, with a splash, the little iron beast in the Evolution Sacred Spring was picked up by a branch and thrown to the ground.

[It’s over.]

The Ancient Life Tree’s voice sounded in Shi Yu and the iron-eating beast’s ears.

Shi Yu regained his senses and looked at the wet Eleven.

“What? It’s over?”

“But it hasn’t evolved yet.”

The Ancient Life Tree: “?”

[The Evolution Holy Spring water is not enough for it to evolve. It only activates its weak ancient bloodline. You have to search for the true path of evolution yourself.]

The Grandma Ancient Tree stretched out her branch again, wanting to bring Shi Yu and the iron-eating beast away from this place.

“Ah…” Shi Yu looked at Eleven.

At this moment, Eleven did not think about evolution. Instead, it subconsciously clenched its fists.

“Huh?”

It did feel as if it had been reborn.

This feeling of physical strength made it feel that there was nothing wrong even if it doubled its training…

Shi Yu :”…”

Shi Yu knew that after its physical fitness increased, Eleven would definitely not be thinking about how its battles would change, but that it could last longer in training.

“Alright, we’ll leave now.”

Shi Yu retracted Eleven into the Beast Taming Space and then pulled the branch again to leave the forest.

Seemed like he had thought too much.

The Holy Spring was not enough for Eleven to evolve. However, he seemed to have used this opportunity to obtain good news.

That was that there was indeed a possibility for iron-eating beasts to evolve, but the method was unknown.

The unknown covered a wide area. Who knew if they could find it in their lifetime?

“It’s good that you’re not evolving.”

Shi Yu thought to himself as he walked. Although that evolutionary form looked more powerful and powerful, how could it be used as a pillow or a bed?

Therefore, it wouldn’t be a problem for it not to evolve. In any case, he had the skill index. If he was lucky, he could teach a few Mythical level abilities in the future. Even if it maintained this form, who would dare to underestimate the iron-eating beast?

However, if it could maintain its cute panda form and transform in battle, that would be great… Though Shi Yu might be too greedy to think that.

A moment later.

Shi Yu groggily returned to the entrance.

This forest was like a huge maze. If not for the branches leading the way, he might not have been able to walk out on his own.

“How is it?”

“What did you find?”

President Feng, who was still waiting outside, immediately asked.

Shi Yu’s iron-eating beast was not simple at a glance. It had definitely gained a lot. Old Feng believed it.

“Its physique had been successfully enhanced, and its physical fitness had increased a lot. It’s probably doubled.”

Shi Yu made a judgment.

“Really?” This number clearly surprised Guild Master Feng.

“Yes, the most important thing is that it seems to have had its evolutionary aptitude increased. The iron-eating beast might still have a chance to evolve,” Shi Yu said.

This sentence clearly surprised Guild Master Feng.

“That would be incredible.”

“In this aspect, perhaps you can go and ask Lin Hongnian and his daughter. This father and daughter pair has been studying the evolution of the iron-eating beasts for many years. Perhaps you can discuss with each other and share some information.”

“Well, I don’t have to remind you. After all, you’re from the Bamboo Stone Dojo.” President Feng laughed.

From the looks of it, the harvest was very good.

“Thank you, Ancient Tree King of Life,” President Feng said to a pile of ordinary-looking trees.

This was because the entire forest was actually a clone of the Ancient Tree, or rather, plants that she controlled.

No one knew where its real body was.

“Thank you (for your super level skill),” Shi Yu also thanked the Ancient Tree of Life.

He definitely wouldn’t waste this super skill. He would definitely develop it to perfection!

However, that would be a long, long time from now.

Shi Yu didn’t want to send himself to death just to teach a super skill, after all.

“Where are we going next? Has the battle over there ended? Do you want to take a look again?” Shi Yu still couldn’t forget the little girl’s Illusion Spell.

President Feng: “What’s so good about a probationary-level competition? Your journey is in the vocation examination hall. Well, before that, why don’t we hurry back to Ping Cheng and try the ruins again?”