Chapter 73 - : The First Perfect Level

Chapter 73: The First Perfect Level

Shi Yu was tired.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Not only because he had to work overtime for a week, but also because upgrading the skill proficiency seemed like an endless journey.

This skill proficiency was at the entry level in one try, proficient level in two tries, expert level in four tries. This was already more than ten tries, why wasn’t it perfect level yet?

Shi Yu suspected that the skill index was messing with his mentality.

According to his mathematical thinking, he couldn’t guess what the index was thinking.

Otherwise, logically speaking, expert+4 should be perfect level already.

“Perfect level isn’t as simple as I thought…”

After thinking about it carefully, Shi Yu gave up.

After all, from entry level to expert level, as long as the pet trained hard, it could ignore the problem of potential and talent.

And to reach perfect proficiency… There were areas that some pets, even Beast Tamer’s pets, might not be able to reach in their lifetime.

They were no longer in the same dimension.

Let’s try again!

With the mentality of trying it out, Shi Yu taught the green silkworm twice more.

Surprises were always sudden.

“Ji…”

After the green silkworm in Shi Yu’s hand underwent a growth transformation, its cry entered Shi Yu’s ears.

As an insect-type pet, it was very normal for the Green silkworm to grow quickly. After being taught worm silk twice, Shi Yu was not surprised that it had awakened to level ten.

However, apart from that, the information that Buggy transmitted to Shi Yu was not simple.

“What, the worm silk has finally undergone a qualitative change?”

Shi Yu’s hand trembled and he nearly threw Buggy out.

After Worm Silk (Expert+12), it finally reached Worm Silk (Perfect).

“Ji, Ji!” The green worm nodded with bright eyes and jumped down from Shi Yu’s palm.

Then, it looked at a huge rock in the courtyard that was used for decoration.

Whoosh!!!

The green worm spat out worm silk. There was not only one, but more than ten wrapped together, so it was especially thick, about the size of a thick straw.

Then, the silk shot at the stone like a gunshot. With a sound, a crack appeared on the ordinary stone.

Shi Yu was just about to say, “That’s it?” It wasn’t as powerful as entry-level hardening. However, when he recalled that this was only a worm, he couldn’t help but feel gratified. “Not bad.”

Today, the worm silk had finally entered the perfect realm, and the worm was one step closer to evolution!

< Name > Green Silkworm

[Level of Growth]: Level 10 Awakening

[Race Skill]: Worm Silk (Perfect)

This should be the current attributes of the green silkworm.

“Ji, Ji!” At that moment, after receiving Shi Yu’s praise, the green silkworm also cried out happily.

At this moment, Shi Yu finally sensed that something was wrong.

He looked at the Green Silkworm and reacted for a long time before realizing that he seemed to be able to communicate more normally with the Green Silkworm.

In the beginning, the green worm only had instincts. Shi Yu could not communicate with it at all.

Later on, Shi Yu nurtured it for a while. After its growth level increased, the two could communicate simply through telepathy.

However, at that time, the communication was only limited to some ordinary commands. The Green silkworm’s intelligence at that time might have been about the same as a pet cat or dog, or even a little inferior.

But now, as the Green Silkworm reached Level 10 and its worm silk reached Perfect Level, Shi Yu could almost clearly feel its emotions.

Also, when it communicated with Shi Yu, it began to look like a child who could think independently.

Perhaps he wasn’t as smart as an iron-eating beast, but Shi Yu was still relatively happy to have come this far.

The level-ten Green Silkworms in the breeding base weren’t that smart. It looked like it was thanks to its perfect level racial skill.

“In that case, on the foundation of the expert level, teaching twelve more times would be the threshold of perfection! In other words, teaching a skill sixteen times would allow it to reach perfect level!”

Shi Yu looked in the direction of the training field in the backyard. In other words, if he taught Eleven’s Hardening skill three more times, it would also be perfect, right?

Perhaps two would do. After all, Eleven was very hardworking in its own training. It would definitely increase its proficiency.

However, after thinking about it, Shi Yu judged that it should still be three times. After all, Perfect Level Proficiency required many years of hard work. Although Eleven was very hardworking, it had only been training for a month after all.

Compared to the huge experience bar of the perfect level, its bitter training was more like it claiming the experience Shi Yu gave to it as its own, owning it instead of relying on external forces alone.

“I was already impatient from being such a shut-in and had planned to challenge the ruinsX tomorrow… But from the looks of it, I’ll go after Hardening reaches perfect level.”

After considering it, Shi Yu made a decision. Then, he looked at the little worm on the ground.

He wanted to tease the little worm. In the past, the green silkworm couldn’t understand what he meant when it talked too much. What about now?

“Buggy, come here.”

Shi Yu shouted for Buggy, who immediately crawled over.

“There are several pheasants and rabbits in a cage together. They all have one head each. The chicken has two feet, the rabbit has four feet, and from the top, there are 35 heads. From the bottom, there are 94 feet. Tell me, how many pheasants and rabbits are in the cages?”

The green worm was speechless.

The green worm looked at Shi Yu in confusion.

“Forget it, Eleven won’t know this either. It’s a little difficult for you guys.”

“Alright, next question. Dragon Whiskers Grass, bamboo Leaf, persimmon Leaf, great cabbage leaf, which one do you like?”

“Ji!”

The green worm was not stupid.

It indicated that it liked all of them.

If he had to choose one, it would be the one with the highest number.

If it was a moderate number, the Dragon Whiskers.

Shi Yu nodded. Alright, this IQ was still passable for the time being. It would definitely become great in the future after nurturing it.

“Next question, who is good to you, Eleven or me?”

The green worm fell into deep thought.

It recalled that Iron-eating Beast disturbed its sleep every day and pulled it along to train together. It was too troublesome.

In comparison, not only did Shi Yu build a house for himself, but he also prepared food for him every day. The difference was obvious!

“Ji!”

You.

The green worm confirmed.

“This child is worth teaching.”

“One last question. Why do you like to sleep so much?”

Shi Yu was actually quite puzzled. He had studied the Green silkworm more deeply. After all, during the three months he was an intern breeder, he had been dealing with the Green silkworms almost every day.

Normal Green Silkworms didn’t sleep so much either.

Sleep…?

The green worm crawled around on the spot, as if it was thinking about how to explain.

However, there was no need for it to explain too clearly. Because Shi Yu had telepathy, Shi Yu could roughly deduce it.

“Because… I can enter another world… I don’t have to worry about food… I don’t have to worry about dodging my natural enemies… I’m free… in different places in the way I like…?”

After repeating it, Shi Yu was stunned. “You mean in a dream?”

“It should be…” Shi Yu was originally wondering why this bug was so sleepy. So it didn’t like to sleep, but it liked to daydream.

But could a bug-type pet like the Green silkworm dream?

In his previous life, Shi Yu still knew that some animals could dream, but most animals couldn’t. In this world, creatures had already evolved to this level, so it didn’t seem strange for a worm to dream.

Shi Yu extended his hand and the green worm slowly crawled up.

“Should I give you a name?”

“Forget it, I’m horrible at making names. I’ll just continue to call you Buggy.”

From the way Eleven directly used the name Eleven, one could tell how useless Shi Yu was. He didn’t name the Green Silkworm because he was afraid that he would give strange names like “Shi Er”, “Little Green” and “Small Green”.

Buggy was pretty good. The sound was cute.

“Ji…” The green worm was speechless.

“Forget it, that’s not the most important thing.”

Now that the green worm could communicate normally, Shi Yu was suddenly relieved. This was because he no longer had to worry about the green worm’s evolution path alone.

Right now, it had reached level ten awakening. The next stage of its skill was to make it a transcendent level skill. Before its short lifespan ended, it had to quickly evolve into a cocoon.

After ensuring that it had enough potential, he decided to give the green silkworm some autonomy and let it eliminate some options for itself.

The Green Silkworm would decide which types it wanted to evolve into, and then Shi Yu would think of a way. This way, he would at least have some direction.

Shi Yu took out his cell phone and placed the Green Silkworm on his shoulder. He opened a page as the worm looked confused.

“Let me introduce you to various attributes first… You tell me your first, second, and third choice. We’ll see how it goes.”