Chapter 77 - Master Of The Ruins

Chapter 77: Master of the Ruins

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Shi Yu was stunned for a long time before reacting.

He knew it. There must be a mastermind controlling everything in this ruins.

Otherwise, how could all kinds of monster illusion phantoms appear so uniformly in different environments and checkpoints?

Although Shi Yu did not know what kind of creature the shell in the picture book was, he guessed that it was not weak.

After all, the owner of this Beastmaster Space was at least a Legendary Beastmaster.

As for Legendary Beast Tamers, they were existences that were qualified to control overlord-level creatures.

He just didn’t know if the shell was also an illusion or if it still existed somewhere in the ruins.

If it was still alive, that would be impressive. It would have lived for at least a few thousand years.

And if the shell was only an illusion and was protected in the ruins by the Beast Tamer’s will, it would also be very powerful.

It had been judged as a “life” by the picture book and had only dissipated after he had passed through the ruins. This meant that this shell had at least trained that skill to perfection, right?

Shi Yu returned his attention to the [Illusionary Phantom]. This was the first time he had seen a dual-attribute ability.

After seeing the skill’s [Introduction], Shi Yu felt that the high-level rank was too low for this skill.

Such a powerful ability was only high-level?

The beast tide and even this ice dragon that had been conjured completely gave Shi Yu a headache. In his opinion, at the very least, it was a super or even divine skill.

After all, if he could materialize a few divine beasts, he would be invincible.

It was only when he saw the latter half of it that Shi Yu understood why this skill was only at the high-level.

This skill required too many prerequisites, and wasn’t something that could just let him materialize anything he wanted.

It was not created out of thin air. The basic principle of this skill was “equivalent exchange”.

The user could imagine it boldly, but if he wanted to materialize his imagination, he would have to pay an equivalent or even higher price.

For example, even that shell could not directly transform into an ice dragon. Instead, it had to use a true ice dragon’s whiskers as a medium.

Moreover, even so, it did not have the complete body of an ice dragon. At least, an ice dragon that only knew ice splitting claws and cold aura was too weak.

Still, Eleven almost lost…

In short, compared to a skill of the same level, this skill had a much higher requirement to use. It was also difficult to train, but its advantage was that its ability was flexible and variable.

“This skill seems to be very suitable for Green Silkworms.”

This was the reason why Shi Yu chose to replicate it.

When handing him its choices, the Green Silkworm chose a total of three choices: spirit, space, and dragon.

Originally, Shi Yu had planned to find one or two.

However, this new skill seemed to perfectly match the Green Sponge Insect’s entire will and personality!

Didn’t it like to dream and appear in various forms in those dreams?

After learning Illusionary Phantom, it could even materialize the imagination in the dream into reality.

Fantasy becoming reality was the power of the spatial attribute.

And a dragon… That shell just now perfectly demonstrated how to make an illusion dragon using a shell.

Although it hadn’t become a real dragon and couldn’t even simulate the super-level skills of the dragon race… Through this skill and some special materials, it might be able to temporarily borrow a dragon “vest” to wear.

In an instant, three wishes would all be satisfied.

Spirit and space were the foundation, and the dragon would be materialized from fantasy using this skill.

“Perfect, it’s practically tailor-made for it…”

This was a skill with very high growth potential. Shi Yu felt that if he could hit this to perfection level, the results would be surprising.

After all, no matter what, it already had a spatial attribute.

If this skill was used as the core and evolved in the direction of the spiritual and spatial attributes, what would the Green Silkworm evolve into?

A Dream Butterfly Branch that could materialize abilities?

Shi Yu really couldn’t remember if there were similar pets in nature.

“Wuu!!!”

“Wuu!!!”

Perhaps because Shi Yu had been distracted for too long, the iron-eating beast could not wait any longer.

“Wuu!!” Why was the Beast Tamer always staring at the disappearing illusion? There was still a stone pearl there.

“Yes, stone bead…”

Shi Yu returned to his senses and looked at the stone bead in the shell.

Could this be that pearl that these sea shells had or something? Perhaps it could be smashed into powder and fed?

He picked up the stone bead, and then something unexpected happened.

The moment he picked up the stone bead, Shi Yu’s brain rumbled. His vision seemed to be overlooking the entire ruins space.

…

Somewhere else within the ruins…

A soldier Beast Tamer in a camouflage suit looked at the disappearing Ice-Armored Giant in front of him in confusion, very confused.

He and his pet looked at each other. Where were the monsters?

They were clearly still fighting the Ice-Armored Giant just now, why did the monster suddenly disappear from their eyes?

It was as if they had defeated the monster, but the real situation was that there was no teleportation array for the next level.

This situation also appeared on the other Beast Tamers who were charging through the levels.

They had no idea what had happened when the monster illusion in front of them suddenly disappeared.

“This is…”

At this moment, Shi Yu seemed to be standing in an omniscient view and seeing everything in the ruins.

This change shocked Shi Yu greatly.

It was as if he, who was holding the stone pearl, could control the changes in the ruins.

At this moment, he also seemed to know everything inside the ruins. For example, at this moment, apart from Beast Tamers like them, there were no other creatures in the ruins. There were no traces of the shell at all, as if it had completely turned into a phantom and disappeared just now.

Apart from that, Shi Yu also discovered a large number of ice-element energy crystals and Space Spirit Stones in some places. The number was so great that it stunned him.

“What’s going on?”

“Could it be that after passing all the levels, I became the owner of the ruins and obtained the right to control the ruins?”

At this moment, it was not only the inside of the ruins that were changing.

In the outside world…

Under everyone’s stunned expressions, the sixth stone statue lit up.

“It lit up, it lit up. The sixth stone statue lit up. Shi Yu must have passed the sixth level!” Commander He shouted from outside.

“It must be him!”

Beside him, President Feng was first at a loss. Then he was instantly overjoyed.

Holy shit, he really passed.

Although he didn’t know what happened inside, in short, Shi Yu was awesome.

At that moment, the stone statue lit up. It was equivalent to shouting to everyone outside: Shi Yu blasted through all six stages and cracked the ruins.

“F*ck…”

All the Beast Trainers were devastated.

They weren’t as ecstatic as President Feng. Instead, they felt endless disappointment and envy.

Why wasn’t it them who passed the ruins…

Shi Yu was already so powerful. What benefits would he obtain in the sixth level?

At the thought of this, everyone felt even more jealous.

Just as the crowd was feeling sour, the six stone statues cracked open one after another, and figures were teleported out.

These were all challengers who had entered before Shi Yu challenged the fifth level. As for after Shi Yu entered, no one else followed. They were all waiting outside to see Shi Yu’s battle results.

At this moment, this group of people and their pets were suddenly teleported out and were still a little stunned.

“What happened?”

“Why am I suddenly teleported out?”

“Where’s the giant? Where’s the huge Ice-Armored Giant?”

“How come my pet’s able to come out without going into the Beast Taming Space?”

The few of them looked at each other. Then, they discovered the group of people surrounding outside, as well as the six stone statues that lit up but cracked. Their eyes widened.

“Come down first,” Uncle He shouted.

“Tell me, what happened? Why did you guys come out together?”

“I was fighting the ferocious beast when it suddenly disappeared. Then, I seemed to have been expelled.”

“Me too.”

“I’m in the same situation.”

The people who were teleported out spoke one after another.

“Regiment commander, what’s going on?” One of them asked Regiment Commander He about the situation.

Why did the stone statue light up and shatter???

Commander He was silent for a moment before saying, “Shi Yu entered the ruins after you and passed the fifth level. Perhaps he has passed the sixth level now.”

“In any case, let’s wait and see how it goes. We’ll see when he comes out.” When he finished speaking, the soldiers opened their mouths wide.

The entire outside world was silent. Everyone looked at the Teleportation Array.

In the ruins.

Shi Yu, who was holding the stone bead, was stunned when he realized that he could really forcefully teleport the others out.

This thing was indeed the controller of this ruin space.

Previously, it was in the hands of that shell phantom, but now, as he cleared the level, the shell phantom dissipated,… And the stone bead became his?

So, what did this have to do with the historical truth of Icefield City?

What did those historical traces want him to know through this ruin?

Or could it be that this stone pearl was related to the Ice Dragon Ruins on the snow mountain?

Shi Yu fell into deep thought, but he quickly shook his head. He decided to think about it after getting some rest.

“Eleven, come to my pocket.”

Shi Yu called out to Eleven, who looked confused. Eleven immediately crawled into Shi Yu’s pocket.

Shi Yu sighed. He felt like he couldn’t be bothered to put Eleven back into the Taming Space… In the future, Eleven could stay outside in this form. It was quite cute.

He wasn’t afraid of others asking him why his Iron-eating Beast could do this.

He would tell them not to ask, that it was something about awakening an ancient bloodline in the Evolution Holy Spring and awakening a new species skill.. If they wanted to nurture the same thing, they could go there and try.