Chapter 78 - The Great Plantation Skill

Chapter 78: The Great Plantation Skill

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

In the valley, outside the ruins.

Everyone was waiting for Shi Yu to appear.

After an unknown period of time, a figure finally appeared.

As this familiar figure appeared, many people held their breaths.

“There are so many people.”

The new figure was the first to speak. This person was undoubtedly Shi Yu.

He came out after studying the stone pearl that could control the ruins.

He realized that this stone pearl was the real body of the ruin.

It was like spatial equipment. Inside was a huge ruin space.

This ruin was quite special. There were clearly many icy plains and snow mountains before, but the actual situation inside was actually empty and barren.

In essence, it wasn’t an ice-element space, but an extremely malleable ordinary space.

Everything that they saw when they entered should have been conjured by that “Artifact Spirit” shell with illusions.

However, the pile of ice-element energy crystals and Ethereal Stones was real. After all, without these, that “Artifact Spirit” shell probably wouldn’t have been able to support hundreds of people clearing the ruins so easily.

“Shi Yu, you passed the sixth level?”

After Shi Yu came out, Old Feng looked at the disappearing summoning array under his feet and asked nervously.

“I didn’t disappoint.” Shi Yu nodded.

As soon as he finished speaking, Commander He shouted instantly, “All of you. Go do what you need to do. Stop surrounding here and scram back to your camp.”

His shout directly shocked the surrounding Beast Tamer trainees.

It was obvious that it wasn’t suitable for too many unrelated people to be present at this discussion.

…

A moment later, Shi Yu was warmly invited to the battle center by President Feng and Commander He. There were only the three of them left.

President Feng looked at Shi Yu with a smile. He never expected Shi Yu to be so awesome!

At this moment, the Beast Tamer Association of the other districts and counties would definitely be stunned!

They’d cracked the ruins already, not giving those people a chance at all!

“Shi Yu, after you passed the sixth level, did you obtain something similar to the core of the ruin that can control the entire ruin?”

Based on the changes just now, the two of them came to this conclusion. President Feng asked with anticipation.

“The other resources in the ruins are all yours, but this ruin’s true body itself might not be.”

The most valuable thing in the ruins was still the ruin itself. After all, its predecessor was a Legendary-level Beast Taming Space.

After development, regardless of whether it was raising pets or spiritual plants, they were all top-notch equipment.

The value of a ruin wasn’t inferior to the Evolution Holy Spring at all. In fact, it might even be higher.

“I know that.”

Shi Yu nodded. This was also something that everyone had agreed on in advance in the contract before entering the ruins.

After cracking the ruins, the items obtained in the ruins belonged to the explorer, but the ruins themselves didn’t belong to them.

Even the ownership of this ruin didn’t go to the Beast Tamer Association of Ping Cheng.

The relevant laws in this country were actually similar to the country Shi Yu was in previously.

All the ruins that were unearthed in the country belonged to the country.

Only those passed down by their ancestors could be claimed personally.

However, although it belonged to the country, as ruins unearthed by Ping Cheng and cracked by the Beast Tamer, Ping Cheng still had priority in using the development right.

After the country sent its own personnel to investigate the ruins and confirm the historical information represented by the ruins, as long as this ruin had no other value, there was no need to hand it over. Actually, it would be no different than just giving it to the Ping Cheng Association.

This was also the reason why President Feng hoped that someone in Ping Cheng could crack the ruins. With the right to develop the ruins, if he used this to farm crops, Ping Cheng would probably be able to harvest a large number of high-level resources.

The effect of using it to nurture newbies and pets was definitely top-notch. Ping Cheng would be about to enter a rapid development stage.

“Do you mean this?” Shi Yu took out the stone bead.

At this moment, when they saw this stone bead, President Feng and Commander He’s eyes lit up.

“That’s it. We might have to hand this to the Archeological Association for research first,” Uncle Ho said.

“Old Feng, you’ll inform the higher-ups?”

“Maybe these guys can really investigate something. If only they can find out the truth of the beast tide.”

Commander He looked at President Feng and said, “Hurry up and let the group of archeologists finish studying it. It’ll be easier if they study it earlier.”

It was a good thing to learn something, but it would be good if no results came out of the study too.

“Alright, I’ll inform the higher-ups to send someone to study it.” President Feng nodded.

“Actually, there’s no need to inform them…” Shi Yu chuckled and put away the stone bead.

“Leave this in my hand first. When I’m done studying it (if I can’t use it), I’ll give it to Ping Cheng.”

The two of them:???

When Shi Yu finished speaking, President Feng and Commander He looked at Shi Yu.

Hm?

Was Shi Yu crazy? Even the Ping Cheng Association didn’t dare to dock such a ruin. They had to wait for the country to distribute it.

Did Shi Yu think that he could obtain the ownership of the ruin just by cracking the ruins?

“This…”

President Feng was just about to explain the severity of the matter when Shi Yu took out his identification.

He sighed. This lousy certificate might be useful at this time.

He flipped to the first page and they saw Shi Yu’s handsome profile picture and his identity certificate.

The reserve member of the Homeland Ruins Strategy Investigation and Backup Security Bureau, Shi Yu.

At the bottom of the certificate, the person in charge of the Beast Tamer Association headquarters of Dong Huang stamped his seal.

“According to the rules, I have a higher right to investigate the ruin than the Archeological Association.”

“I still have other missions at the moment, so I might be able to use this Ruins Bead. So, I’ll hold onto this thing here for the time being.”

In order to start exploring the Ice Dragon Ruins, he still needed this thing. Shi Yu planned to study it for a while in his hands.

He had asked Lu Qingyi about this before conquering the ruins. Bureau 11’s power was greater than Shi Yu had imagined.

Lu Qingyi said that if Shi Yu could conquer the ruins, he could directly show President Feng the identification documents for Bureau 11.

President Feng had risen strongly during the beast tide ten years ago and saved countless lives. He had been fighting with Commander He and the others on the front line of the beast tide to cover the retreat of the people. Although he wasn’t strong, his character was undeniable.

In the future, if Shi Yu wanted to investigate the Ice Dragon Ruins, he could also find President Feng and Commander He to be his bodyguards. The two of them had clean identities. Over the years, they had been thinking of ways to solve the beast tide from the source and restore the historical truth of Ice Dragon City.

In short, when the time came, after showing Bureau 11 credentials, this ruin would belong to Shi Yu. He could use it anytime he wanted. Shi Yu could do anything he wanted with it when he didn’t need it anymore.

After asking about this news, Shi Yu sighed. He didn’t join Bureau 11 for nothing. It was awesome to have an official legal identity.

If he could hold such a ruin space at the trainee stage, the benefits were obvious. It could quickly assist his growth. Lu Qingyi also had this intention of letting Shi Yu use this ruin reasonably first.

“F*ck.”

At this moment, President Feng and Commander He were still a little stunned.

They looked at the documents Shi Yu had placed on the table and felt dizzy.

Although they didn’t know much about the Ruins Strategic Investigation and Backup Security Bureau, they were stunned when they saw the huge seal and the code name of Bureau 11 below.

In Dong Huang, there were thirteen special organizations that represented the various territories. They gathered the most elite batch of people in this area and called them Bureau 1 to 13 respectively. They were directly responsible for the highest in-charge of the Beast Tamer Association’s headquarters and had great power.

Although they didn’t recognize the long string of irritating names, when they saw the sign of Bureau 11 and the seal, President Feng and Commander He opened their mouths slightly.

Especially President Feng, who looked at Shi Yu in disbelief.

So Shi Yu was actually from Bureau 11?

He recalled Shi Yu’s evaluation of himself previously. He said he was “just an interested Beast Tamer who likes archeology.”

Holy shit, so that was what he meant by liking archeology? He was an archeologist?

At this moment, President Feng finally understood why Shi Yu could crack the ruins so quickly.

He finally understood why the previously unknown Shi Yu had suddenly risen so quickly.

If Shi Yu was recruited by such an organization, his starting point would definitely be incomparable to the Beast Tamers of the same batch in Ping Cheng and even Icefield City.

“I knew your background wasn’t simple…” President Feng looked at the documents and said in a daze.

“This ruin might be related to the Ice Dragon Ruins on the snow mountain. It’s the key to resolving the beast tide, so I want to study it for a while…”

“Of course.” President Feng nodded heavily.

After being shocked, Commander He also said, “It would be good if we can resolve the beast tide. The mutation at the snow mountain is even more serious. Commander and Lin Hongnian and the others have gone into deep exploration a few times, but what they transmitted back was not good news.”

“Could it be that you’ve already investigated something?” Seeing that Shi Yu was certain that this ruin was definitely related to the beast tide and even the Ice Dragon Ruins, President Feng couldn’t help but ask.

Shi Yu took back his identification and nodded. “The sixth level of the ruins holds an ice dragon.”

“What???”

When Shi Yu finished speaking, the two of them widened their eyes and looked at Shi Yu in disbelief, wondering if they had heard wrong.

“It’s just a level-ten Ice Dragon Illusion Phantom. It’s not that scary.”

The two of them opened their mouths slightly. Clearly, they wouldn’t believe this crazy kid.

If it was an ice dragon, its species level was at least at the level of a monarch, or even an overlord!

With such racial values, even if its growth level was relatively low and it was only level ten, it probably wouldn’t be difficult for it to kill transcendent-level creatures.

Shi Yu’s Iron-eating Beast could defeat a dragon of the same level?

Didn’t that mean that Shi Yu’s Iron-eating Beast already had the qualifications to compete for the strongest creature?

Although the two of them knew about Shi Yu’s battle results when he was competing for the Evolution Holy Spring, they still couldn’t help but look at Shi Yu like he was a monster.

Defeating a dragon of the same level… This was something that ordinary Beast Tamers didn’t even dare to imagine.

Dragon Tamers, known as the strongest branch of Beast Tamers, had mostly cultivated subspecies dragons.

The image of a dragon was still very invincible.

However, when they thought of Shi Yu’s identity as Division 11, they could only accept the ridiculousness of Shi Yu’s strength.

After all, they had no idea how this organization had nurtured Shi Yu.

“In that case, I’ll leave the Ruins Bead with you. However, we might need to adjust the information we release to the public,” President Feng said after a moment of silence.

Although Shi Yu’s identity was powerful, his strength was too weak. It would be bad if such a treasure was placed in Shi Yu’s hands and attracted coveting.

Therefore, they naturally couldn’t say that the Ruins Bead was in Shi Yu’s hands.

“I’ll leave that to you, President Feng.”

“Alright…” President Feng smiled bitterly. Shi Yu had really given him a big problem.

But from the looks of it, Shi Yu might have more potential than he imagined.

The previous investment was the right one. He really was quite smart.

With Shi Yu becoming a big figure over Ping Cheng, this ruin might only be the beginning. Next, the Ice Dragon Ruins that had not been cracked for thousands of years in the entire Icefield City might also be cracked by Shi Yu in the future!

The truth hidden in the ruins was the most important to Icefield City.

…

Following that, Shi Yu was escorted back to his residence by President Feng.

During this process, Shi Yu also informed Lu Qingyi of his mission progress. He didn’t know if there were any additional rewards.

Then, he started to take the Ruins Bead and summarize his gains.

At the moment, there were more than 1,000 level-one ice-element energy crystals and more than 300 level-two ice-element energy crystals in the ruins.

In addition, there were also 45 Ethereal Stones.

If these resources were converted into money, the energy crystals would be alright, but if it was the Ethereal Spirit Stones, there might be more than a hundred million.

1

This was what it meant to become rich overnight.

However, the greatest gains might still be the phantom illusion skill, the Ice Dragon Whiskers, and the ruin itself.

The phantom illusion skill confirmed the cultivation path of the green worm.

Perhaps the Ice Dragon Whiskers could be used to strengthen the worm silk of the Green Silkworm to increase its potential.

The dragon whiskers were the strongest and sharpest thread in the world. It was completely different from the worm silk.

Shi Yu was wondering if there was any way to extract the essence power in the dragon whiskers.

Then, it was the ruins themselves.

Apart from being the key to cracking the Ice Dragon Ruins, it was actually equivalent to a spatial equipment. Moreover, it was a spatial equipment that could store living creatures.

Moreover, although the growth environment inside had already been washed away by time and greatly decreased, for most low-level pets and spiritual plants, it was still a holy land.

“The Beast Tamer Association of Ping Cheng probably wants to use the ruins to farm. In this way, with the environment of the ruins, many high-quality spiritual plants can be cultivated quickly.”

“With enough resources, we can develop the economy and the Beast Taming Domain of the city.”

“This idea is actually not bad. After studying it, I might be able to use this ruin to farm…”

1

“At that time, I’ll carry the farm space with me and let a plant pet be a gardener inside to take care of the spiritual plants. In the future, I’ll be able to casually pick up resources, food, and supplements…”

“Looks like I still have to contract a plant-type pet to control the plants…”

The farming method was good!

Moreover, there was ready-made land now.

With the Ethereal Spirit Stone, his Beast Taming Space should be able to quickly reach level two or even three.

Contracting a second and third pet might not be very far away. He might be able to reach the standard within a year.

Or perhaps, he could repeat the current cultivation method of the green worm?

He wouldn’t contract a new pet for the time being. He would take care of it outside and communicate with it through telepathy. When his level and the relationship between the two parties were right, it wouldn’t be too late to contract it then.

This also gave himself and his new pet a test trial period.

Shi Yu hurriedly sent Beauty Lu a message.

“Do you remember the pet cub you mentioned last time?”

“Are there any plant-type pet cubs that have very high racial levels, low growth levels, gentle and obedient personalities, and can farm as professional gardeners?”