Chapter 75 - Battling The Ruins Again

Chapter 75: Battling the Ruins Again

August 26.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

After adjusting his state, Shi Yu finally decided to challenge the ruins again.

Their goal was to break through the fifth and sixth levels in a row!

After informing President Feng, Shi Yu arrived at the periphery of the valley.

“Please show me your ID name!”

After Shi Yu arrived, the eyebrows of the soldiers at the outermost blockade twitched.

Good lord!

It was the monster newcomer who had broken through four levels in a row and mastered a combination skill as an intern, causing their training volume to double!

He had been missing for half a month, no, preparing for half a month. Was he finally here to challenge the ruins again?

However, although the soldier knew Shi Yu, he still had to follow the procedures.

After passing through layers of security checks, Shi Yu entered the valley.

The environment here was still the same as before, but there were more campsites.

Obviously, the Beast Tamers who had come with Shi Yu previously chose to stay here and prepare for battle.

Although this way, they would have less freedom and would need to undergo regimental training, at least they would be able to eat and sleep. With the guidance of a professional Beast Tamer Sergeant and many people his age, it was still very worth it.

When Shi Yu arrived, he discovered a strange phenomenon.

A young man with a pale face and a little freckles was using his Wind Strengthening Talent to train his Wind Crystal Butterfly’s Wind Blade skill.

He hadn’t reached the professional level yet. Due to the limited physical fitness of the Beast Tamer, this strengthening talent was very difficult to use in battle. He could only use it daily to assist pets in training wind-type skills.

But even so, the consumption would still consume the Beast Tamer’s physical fitness, and it was quite a lot.

In order to conquer the ruins, it was understandable for him to train so hard. After all, Shi Yu himself was pretty hardworking. He had used the skill index to help his pet increase points a lot.

However, what confused Shi Yu the most was that at this moment, the Beast Tamer training here actually took out a medicine that he was very familiar with after training for a while. It was the Refreshing Capsule. He directly stuffed one into his mouth and continued training.

Shi Yu :”…”

Shi Yu: “?”

Was he so hardworking?

Eating medicine like this… Was it really healthy?

Control yourself! Isn’t it good to rest normally?

With money, Shi Yu no longer ate lousy things like the Refreshing Capsule. Instead, he ate natural supplements.

Who was the one who caused this kind of unorthodox behavior?

“It’s Shi Yu.”

“Shi Yu is here.”

Although Shi Yu came very quietly, he was currently a famous person in the ruins.

After all, apart from him, there was no other Beast Tamer who could clear the fourth level.

As for the third stage, two more people completed it in half a month.

“Shi Yu… he’s finally here again.”

Somewhere in the camp, Cheng Gong and his Moon Flame Beast walked out.

Apart from that, Chen Kai, Doctor Qiao Liang, and the others, who were one of the culprits behind the trend of supplements, were also shocked. They came out to look at Shi Yu.

Shi Yu had been missing for half a month. They thought that Shi Yu had given up on clearing the ruins.

“Stop, stop, stop!!!”

When a group of people wanted to surround Shi Yu, the boss arrived.

Old He. He stunned everyone and was the first to laugh as he came to Shi Yu’s side.

“You’re here?”

“Old Feng told me. Do you need to prepare a little more? He might need a while to rush over.”

“I’ll go in first,” Shi Yu said to Commander He.

He wasn’t someone who liked to wait. He had already prepared for so long, and he couldn’t wait to see the sixth level of the ruins…

Of course, what he wanted to see wasn’t what the Boss was in the sixth level, but what the reward was in the sixth level.

“Alright, let’s go over then!” Uncle He said, “All the best, we must win the fifth round this time!”

“When the time comes, I’ll get the whole team to sing you a mountain song to celebrate.”

All the Beast Tamers wondered if this was appropriate.

Shi Yu fell silent as well.

There was no need for that.

What was so good about a group of old men singing at the top of their voices? His Beast Tamer Troops didn’t have any female soldiers, so stop embarrassing himself.

“Well, I’ll go over first.”

Shi Yu looked in the direction of the stone statue in the ruins. There were still six familiar stone statues. Four of them were slightly bright, and two were dim.

He didn’t hesitate anymore and decisively walked in the direction of the Teleportation Array. The soldier in charge of locking it didn’t need Shi Yu to register this time and directly let Shi Yu pass.

At this moment, everyone’s gazes were focused on Shi Yu. They were very curious if Shi Yu could pass the fifth level of the ruins after half a month.

1VS100, that was…

Then, under everyone’s gaze, Shi Yu quickly disappeared from the outside world.

…

In the ruins, at the fifth level.

This ruin apparently had “save files”. Shi Yu stood on the familiar snow mountain peak and quietly watched as the snowstorm blew over and the ferocious beasts gathered.

Snow Wolf, Ice Fang Pig, Ice-Armored Beast, Ice Kirin Snake, Snow Ape, Frost Stone Giant, Ice Jade Scorpion, Ice Crystal Butterfly, Ice Elemental Fairy, Ice Ridge Rock…

There were a total of ten ice-element ferocious beasts of various transcendent races. Their growth levels were inconsistent from eight to ten, and their numbers added up to 100.

Logically speaking, there was no way to play this at all.

If a Beast Tamer Trainee could withstand such a beast tide of 1VS100, would he still be a Beast Trainer Trainee?

Previously, Shi Yu and Eleven were persuaded to leave after seeing this scene, but that was in the past.

Although Shi Yu didn’t know how the lousy planner of this ruin hoped the players would attack this ruin, the lousy planner definitely didn’t expect that a pet could master the deterrence skill during the Awakening Stage, and it was an expert-level deterrence!

“Eleven!”

Eleven walked out of the Beast Taming Space at Shi Yu’s command.

It stood on the snow mountain and looked down at the ferocious beasts below with Shi Yu, who had yet to realize the seriousness of the problem.

Eleven: ( ́) Ow!

The time for revenge had arrived!

The fight that forced them to give up… This fight would now be their stepping stone into the next level!

Boom!

“Wuu!!!!!!”

Eleven howled again, and the air around it vibrated!

Under its feet, snow and wind blew, as if an invisible deterrence wave spread from its body, sweeping outwards from the snow mountain peak!!

“Wuu!!!”

Eleven’s roar instantly attracted the attention of all the ferocious beasts. However, before they could react, a transparent wave swept across like a storm and hit every ferocious beast!

Buzz!!!

After a boom in the ears of all the ferocious beasts, it was as if the world had fallen silent.

Then, an extremely shocking scene occurred.

Bang…

Sounds of bodies falling ensued. So many of these sounds piled together that even the snow and wind couldn’t cover them.

Bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang…

After a hundred voices, the hundred ferocious beasts in the snow mountain environment all fell to the ground and turned into ice elements that disappeared.

Shi Yu looked at the scene in front of him and felt a sense of pride. He had a domineering aura.

That’s it?

“Wuu.”

However, before Shi Yu could get excited for long, Eleven’s weak voice came from the side.

Bang.

Eleven also sat on the ground and rubbed its head, feeling tired.

It couldn’t help but knock its head… It hurt.

Wu wu wu, the consumption was a little high. He felt that this group of people was much more difficult to kill than the Wings of Wind.

“The number is indeed a little large. But things turned out actually better than I expected,” Shi Yu said.

Initially, he had thought that if he couldn’t kill them in the first round, he would take a break and settle them one by one.

But now, from the looks of it, Eleven’s growth level had risen by two levels. In addition, after the baptism of the Evolution Holy Spring, its condition was better than imagined!

1 VS 100, instant kill!

This wave was invincible!

“You rest first. I’ll go down and see if any loot has fallen.” Shi Yu really looked like he was entering a dungeon.

“Sob.” Under Shi Yu’s suggestion, Eleven immediately nodded and started shrinking on the spot.

Shrinking, shrinking, shrinking… In the next second, it shrank to more than ten centimeters.

Shi Yu bent down and picked up the furry Eleven. He casually placed it in a deep pocket, revealing only Eleven’s upper body and head.

“You can sleep for a while. We should have passed this round. There’s no more danger.” Shi Yu looked at the Teleportation Array that lit up in the distance.

“Wuu!”

Eleven shook its head. Not sleeping!

It was as if it was saying, “Don’t even think about opening the award without telling it.”

It also wanted to see what treasures had fallen in this round.

It wouldn’t be too late to rest after watching it.

“Alright, alright, alright…” Shi Yu had no choice but to bring Eleven down to take a look.

A moment later.

Shi Yu, who was standing beside the teleportation array, looked at the five Ethereal Spirit Stones he had picked up from this level and fell into deep thought.

“Ah, this…”

Should he be happy or disappointed?

There were no new treasures, and it was still the Ethereal Stones, a spatial resource.

The third level was one stone, the fourth level was three, and the fifth level was five…

At this moment, he had a total of nine Ethereal Stones. He felt that it was not a problem to give some of these to Buggy.

Of course, it seemed like it was also a problem for the Green Silkworm to digest the stone. This thing didn’t feel like it was suitable for the Green Silkworm. Should he grind it into powder and mix it into water for it?

“Howl…” At this moment, seeing that it was all Ethereal Stones again, Eleven was no longer interested and closed its eyes to sleep.

The expert level Absolute Sleep coupled with the energy crystals and recovery fruit from Shi Yu’s backpack made its physical recovery speed very fast. It was estimated that it would recover completely in a while. After all, the upper limit of the pet’s physical fitness in the Awakening Stage wasn’t so high.

At that time, it would be time for them to enter the sixth level.

At the same time.

In the outside world.

As Shi Yu entered the ruins less than a few minutes later, the stone statue at the fifth level lit up. Everyone was stunned.

“F*ck?”

“Didn’t they say that there were 100 ferocious beasts in the fifth level?”

“What’s going on, what happened??”

Countless people widened their eyes and couldn’t think straight.

President Feng arrived late. He listened to the crowd’s discussion in silence and looked in the direction of the stone statue with mixed feelings.

What did these people know? That was expert level deterrence!!!

Under the aura of a monarch, the weaker opponents at the same level were simply trash!

Right now, he wondered if Shi Yu and the others had entered the sixth level or not. What exactly would this final level be??

…

Many people actually made guesses regarding the sixth level.

Some people guessed that it was an even stronger commander species creature, such as a tenth rank high class commander species.

Some people guessed that it was a commander species creature bringing a beast tide. It was equivalent to the merging of the third and fifth levels.

Some people guessed that it was a creature that had fully grown to transcendent level…

There were even more ridiculous people who said that there was a monarch species cub guarding the final level.

Either way, it was very difficult for trainee Beast Tamers.

And regarding this, Shi Yu, who had entered the sixth level, could only say that their mentality was too small a scale. Too small.

With Eleven by his side, they looked at the Dragon formed by countless snowflakes in silence and fell into deep thought about life. This was too exciting.

“F*ck, it’s an Ice Dragon…”