Chapter 72 - New Home

Chapter 72: New Home

In the end, Shi Yu still returned to Ping Cheng with President Feng.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

It didn’t really matter, since he had already replicated a super level skill.

Skills below the super level could be found anywhere when needed in the future, so there was no need to be anxious about those.

Moreover, he couldn’t really support increasing his existing skills anymore. Unless the new skills were especially rare, there was no need to rush.

After all, he only had one skill slot left. If he learned a high-level skill, the skill index’s page would be full and he wouldn’t be able to learn a super level skill if he found one. That would really suck.

“Our Ping Cheng exploration duration is still more than 20 days away. Are you confident of passing the fifth level now?”

That night, Shi Yu arrived at Ping Cheng. After President Feng sent Shi Yu off, he also got out of the car and asked.

“I’m certain about the fifth level, but I don’t know what the sixth level is yet.”

“No hurry, no hurry. Let’s take it one step at a time.” President Feng narrowed his eyes and smiled.

“Then when do you plan to explore the ruins?”

His idea was to hurry.

Even if he couldn’t pass the sixth level, it was also good to know the information of the sixth level in advance.

At that time, all the Beast Tamers in Ping Cheng would help Shi Yu think of a solution!

In any case, it was best to crack the ruins within the exploration period of Ping Cheng. At that time, the people from the other districts and counties could only twiddle their thumbs and watch.

It was definitely a little late today, so he asked Shi Yu’s next thoughts.

“Give me a little more time. I can’t confirm the exact date.”

“But it shouldn’t be more than half a month.”

Shi Yu still planned to get it done in one go, such as strengthening Absolute Sleep and multiplication to the expert level, or increasing Eleven’s growth level before going.

Eleven’s growth level was still a little low at level seven. During this period of time, Shi Yu had been focused on strengthening powerful skills other than racial ones. He had neglected its racial skills.

If he wanted to quickly increase the growth level of his pet, it was best to give points to racial skills.

This kind of skill that they were born with through the awakening of their bloodlines, after all, was the most suitable to promote their growth after raising it.

Now that he had four Ethereal Stones, he didn’t have to worry about Eleven’s growth level increasing too quickly and him being unable to keep up with its growth.

Therefore, it seemed that he could start to go back and look at Eleven’s low-level racial skill.

“Alright, as I said before, feel free to contact me if you need anything.”

President Feng nodded and suddenly thought of something.

“By the way, is it inconvenient to train pets in your courtyard?”

“There are also two empty training villas in Ping Cheng. I’ll bring you to move in tomorrow. I’ll give you one.” Old Feng winked.

Shi Yu thought to himself that the Ping Cheng Association was quite generous with him.

Shi Yu was stunned, indicating that he understood.

“You’re too generous, President. It doesn’t matter if it’s a villa or not. Since it’s convenient to train pets and attack the ruins as soon as possible to contribute to Ping Cheng, I’ll accept it.”

…

Shi Yu didn’t admit that he liked new things over old things, but this old house was indeed a little old.

This courtyard could barely withstand the initial panda cub, so now, it couldn’t possibly withstand the Panda King’s high-intensity training.

Training villa.

As the name suggested, it was a villa with a training ground. Even in a small place like Ping Cheng, such a villa couldn’t be bought without at least ten million yuan.

“Then, today is the last day of living here?”

After Shi Yu entered the courtyard, he didn’t hear the Green Silkworm’s welcome cry this time.

He didn’t have to think to know that the Green Silkworm had fallen asleep.

In the birdcage, the Green Silkworm was lying on the Dragon Whiskers Grass bed, sleeping soundly, looking especially comfortable.

However, it could only be at ease for now. When he took time to study the evolution direction of the Green Silkworm, it wouldn’t be able to laze around like this after evolution.

Eleven set the standard.

“Forget it today. I won’t teach high-level skills anymore. I’ll sleep after teaching Hardening.” After Shi Yu made a decision, he summoned Eleven out of the Beast Taming Space.

“Wuu!”

After Eleven came out, they stared at each other.

Shi Yu was slightly stunned.

Skill: Plant Control

Status: Cannot be taught

He looked at the Green Silkworm again.

Status: Cannot be taught

He still couldn’t teach it.

“Neither of them match?”

Shi Yu actually felt that the teaching compatibility of the skill index was quite broad.

Among the eight skills he had recorded, deterrence, worm silk, super vision, high-speed healing, absolute sleep, hardening, thunder palm, and multiplication, only the worm silk could not be taught to iron-eating Beast Eleven.

According to the index, only the Thunder Palm could not be taught to the Green Silkworm.

Everything else was still compatible.

This was the first time that neither pet could learn the same skill.

Shi Yu guessed that there were three reasons.

First, it was simply not compatible. There was no way to teach it. They couldn’t be kings of plants.

Second, their strength wasn’t enough to learn super level skills.

Third, the index was afraid of killing Shi Yu if he taught this. But no matter which one it was, it could be confirmed that he couldn’t teach it at the moment.

“Forget it, forget it.”

Shi Yu shook his head. In any case, he didn’t plan to teach super skills at the moment. To play it safe, he had to at least be a Master before he risked the extreme exhaustion this skill would bring him.

Shi Yu felt that he might not necessarily be able to withstand it even if he were a professional level Tamer.

“But from the looks of it, there are only two ways to use this plant control skill.”

“Why don’t we nurture the Green Silkworm into a wood-element pet? Or, the third pet can be a plant-type pet.”

Shi Yu thought about it and decided to lean towards the third pet.

After all, as the complete mutation pet with the highest evolution potential, the green worm could choose too many routes.

Especially since he had mastered the skill index and could push the worm silk to the maximum level, the potential of the green silkworm was not inferior to those young monarch level cubs.

If he gave up rare Time, Space, and Dragon attributes just for a super-level wood-element skill, that would be a huge loss!

On the other hand, regarding the third pet, Beauty Lu Qingyi seemed to owe him a high racial rank one…

At that time, wouldn’t it be easier to choose a suitable high-level plant sprout?

“Everything’s going in the right direction.”

“Wuu?”

Eleven looked at Shi Yu, who stood on the spot and then smiled. Its body trembled and it quickly turned around to train itself.

It had never felt as energetic as today!

Tonight!

Sleepless night!

However, Shi Yu’s voice came at this moment.

“Rest for the day tonight and let me sleep well. Tomorrow, we’ll move to a bigger house for you to train.”

“Wuu!”

…

The next day.

Shi Yu moved into the training villa that President Feng mentioned.

Apart from the residential parts was a huge courtyard garden with a pond and a spiritual plant to cleanse the environment. Behind the residence was an independent huge training ground.

In addition, unlike Shi Yu’s hometown, the houses here all use high-level sound insulation materials, so Shi Yu didn’t seem to have to worry that Eleven’s noisy training would lead to poor rest.

“The environment is pretty good, right?”

After President Feng brought Shi Yu around, he said with a smile.

Generally speaking, only master-level Beast Tamers who lived in Ping Cheng District were qualified to be assigned such villas.

Shi Yu was the first to be assigned to such a villa at the trainee level.

However, Shi Yu had the right. As long as he didn’t die prematurely, becoming a master-level Beast Tamer in the future was almost 100%, and the value that the ruins Shi Yu had conquered might bring to Ping Cheng in the future… It was completely incomparable to a villa.

“Very good,” Shi Yu couldn’t help but say. Eleven, who was following beside him, couldn’t help but nod.

Great!

The training ground was even larger!

However, it would be even better if the spiritual plants in the courtyard could be exchanged for bamboo.

Not only Eleven, but the Green Silkworm also popped out of the backpack Shi Yu was carrying and sized up the new environment.

Back then, it had hidden in the remote Shi Yu family to distance itself from competition and escape its natural enemies. It was even used to the Shi Yu family’s persimmon tree. It was really not used to suddenly coming to such a beautiful place.

“There are still many empty places in the courtyard. When you have time, you can plant the spiritual plants you like.”

As Shi Yu walked, he used telepathy to speak to Eleven and the Green Silkworm.

After walking around for two rounds, Shi Yu was completely familiar with the environment here.

Seeing that Shi Yu was very satisfied, President Feng smiled and said, “It’s good that you’re satisfied. Then, I won’t disturb you anymore. Next, the ownership of this villa is yours.”

“Thank you, President Feng.”

Shi Yu felt pretty good after moving into his new home. He felt that his liver was slowly recovering. In such a beautiful environment, it would even feel good to level his pets up, despite the exhaustion.

President Feng indeed had other things to do. After helping Shi Yu enter, he quickly left.

In a short while, only Shi Yu, Eleven, and the Green Silkworm were left in the huge villa.

“Once he leaves, this big house instantly feels empty.”

“It looks especially lonely. Sigh, even if the house is big, it’s annoying.” Shi Yu put it up.

There was no need to say anything else. In order to celebrate the moving, he had to work very hard today!

…

After moving into a new home, he had to have some time to adapt. Shi Yu adapted very well because the environment here was very suitable for “recuperation”.

A week later, his body seemed to have completely integrated with this place.

Eleven and the Green Silkworm had adapted pretty well, too. To live was to adapt.

During the adaptation process, Eleven and the Green Silkworm’s attributes also underwent a “minute” change.

[Name] Iron-eating Beast

[Level of Growth]: Level 8 Awakening

[Skill]: Hardening (Expert+9), Thunder Palm (Expert), High Speed Healing (Expert), Super Sight (Expert), Deterrence (Expert), Absolute Sleep (Expert), Multiplication (Expert)

< Name > Green Silkworm

[Growth Level]: Level 9 Awakening

[Skill]: Worm Silk (Expert+10)