Chapter 74 - Volunteer Buggy

Chapter 74: Volunteer Buggy

After buying his cell phone, Shi Yu had been playing with it alone. He had never shared this divine weapon with his pet. This was the first time.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Buggy thought that the cell phone was pretty interesting, and he stared at the shining screen without blinking.

“Let me introduce you…”

Next, Shi Yu introduced the characteristics of the various attributes to the green worm.

“First, the five elements…”

As the introduction was too long, Shi Yu tried his best to give Buggy a simple introduction.

For example, the metal element represented metals, the wood element represented plants, the water element represented liquid, the fire element represented fire, and the earth element represented earth…

Shi Yu felt that he was f*cking speaking nonsense.

However, if he accidentally got too profound, Buggy couldn’t understand it at all. For example, how would he explain that earth-type abilities could control gravity? Where was the explanation for this for the Green Silkworm?

In short, it was very difficult. It was very similar to parents who taught homework to their children.

Apart from the basic five elements, there were also the attributes of insects, dragons, poison, ice, wind, light, darkness, lightning, undead, spirit, and machinery.

In addition, there were also some other rare attributes like time and space, but because there were too few pets from those elemental groups, ordinary Beast Tamers couldn’t come into contact with them.

Among these attributes, the most interesting were insects, dragons, and machines.

This was because bugs and dragons could also be considered in the regular animal group. They usually had other attributes.

However, because these two types of pets were too special, they were separately divided by the Beast Tamers.

As for the reason, insects were the largest pet race in nature.

Dragons were the strongest creatures in nature.

As for machinery, it usually referred to artificial mechanical lives. This was an attribute for technology.

Shi Yu explained the characteristics of each attribute to the bug one by one and even thoughtfully found diagrams for it to understand, so the bug was very accepting!

“Ji!”

“Ji!”

The green worm started discussing with Shi Yu.

In the end, after about two hours, they came to a conclusion.

After discussing the outcome, Shi Yu could still accept it.

Fortunately, the Green Silkworm did not choose attributes like mechanical and undead.

Because even if it was a Green Silkworm, it was really difficult to evolve these two attributes.

Machinery modification, or suicide to become a spirit… That was too weird.

The way the green worm chose attributes was different from Shi Yu.

It had its eyes on the space element.

This was because spatial-type abilities could be used to teleport and escape. This way, there was no need to worry about being hunted by birds.

Regarding this, Shi Yu could only say that it was too small of a mentality.

This was not used to avoid birds at all, but to help him, a Beast Tamer, escape danger!

Then, the Green Silkworm even took a fancy to the mental-type skill because Eleven had mastered a mental-type skill, Absolute Sleep. It was very hungry for this skill.

The scale was small again. The key was that even now, it could learn Absolute Sleep without needing to evolve at all.

Shi Yu could tell that it liked to dream, but spiritual-type skills were compatible. After all, there were many spiritual-type skills related to dreams.

Shi Yu gave it three chances to choose. In the end, it chose one. Buggy struggled for a long time on the wood and dragon.

Because controlling plants was related to eating. As for dragons…

The reason surprised Shi Yu. It said that it had dreamed of becoming such a creature. It was very powerful, very tall, and very strong.

In the end, considering that Shi Yu was already making food for it, it chose Dragon.

Although Shi Yu didn’t know why a worm like it would dream of becoming a dragon, Shi Yu still silently included this attribute.

Then, Shi Yu confirmed the three attributes.

Space, Dragon, Spirit.

“It’s actually similar to what I confirmed at the start, but there are also some differences…”

Shi Yu had decided. Then, he would work hard to find the skills and attributes materials in these three aspects. If he found two types, he could try to evolve it. After all, most pets only had two special attributes. If there were more, they would not be good. As for what he found and what he evolved into, he could only leave it to fate.

The Absolute Sleep skill of the spirit attribute seemed to be readily available?

Shi Yu thought about it. This skill didn’t seem like it would help when Buggy went into a cocoon…

Moreover, there was a possibility of letting the Green Silkworm sleep to death in the cocoon…

However, it was also possible that this skill could allow the Green Silkworm to better absorb the nourishing power of the cocoon during the evolution process.

There seemed to be more Ethereal Stones… He decided to see if there were more in the ruins.

“Ji!”

“Ji!”

At this moment, after filling in the form, the green worm became much more lively. It even wanted to look at more information and choose carefully.

Snatch!

However, Shi Yu mercilessly put away his cell phone and pushed the green worm away.

“Children shouldn’t be obsessed with cell phones. You’ve been on it for two hours. Go play on the tree yourself. I’m going to level up Eleven.”

“Ji…”

…

“1, 2, 4, 16… How many times will it be until transcendent?”

After leaving Buggy, Shi Yu prepared to look for Eleven in the backyard.

He planned to get Eleven’s Hardening perfection first before fighting the ruins.

The matter of Buggy wasn’t urgent. After all, the worm silk had just reached perfection and it was far from the evolution standard.

The Green Silkworm could freely control the time of the cocoon transformation. Generally speaking, most wild Green Silkworms risked their lives before their lifespans ended to fight for an opportunity to evolve.

As for the Green silkworms cultivated by Beast Tamers, their control was greater. After all, the Green silkworms cultivated by Beast Tamers grew very quickly.

The Green Silkworm had a lifespan of about a year. If it had a better cultivation, it might be two years.

The time before the end of one’s lifespan, it was actually all preparation time.

It wasn’t too late to turn the Green Silkworm into a cocoon after the Beast Tamer was completely ready.

Shi Yu’s one was only about two months old. It was still early.

Therefore, Buggy still had more than a year to prepare. There was an ample opportunity for Shi Yu to find evolution materials.

Shi Yu no longer thought about this nonsense. He quickly found the confused Eleven and started teaching. He was now a man with plenty of supplements, after all.

A day later, a new transformation had finished.

[Name] Iron-eating Beast

[Growth Level]: Level 9 Awakening

[Skill]: Hardening (Perfect), Thunder Palm (Expert), High Speed Healing (Expert), Super Sight (Expert), Deterrence (Expert), Absolute Sleep (Expert), Multiplication (Expert)

There was nothing to say about expert level Absolute Sleep. The symbol from entry-level to expert level for this skill was just to sleep and recover physical strength. It was just a matter of efficiency.

Only at the perfect level would there be a qualitative change.

There was nothing to say about the multiplication skill either. Previously, the proficiency level multiplication could allow Eleven to reach a height of four meters, but now, it was eight.

Similarly, a shrunken Eleven of more than ten centimeters could already be held in Shi Yu’s hand and placed in his pocket.

This state was quite matching for the green worm. They were both weak chickens when they were that small.

These weren’t the most important things. The most important thing was the hardening, which was a racial skill!

The symbol of Perfect Level Hardening, flowing, strengthening, and focusing. These factors would unleash the extreme effect of Hardening.

The power of Eleven’s combination skill could directly make its power level rise through the roof.

Coupled with the deterrence skill expert level proficiency in group attacks, which was the king’s aura mentioned by the master-level Beast Tamers, Shi Yu didn’t believe that Eleven would have a formidable enemy during its awakening stage.

Unless the opponent was the cub of a Mythical creature.

At the same time, because of the upgrade of its racial skills, Eleven’s growth level had also reached level nine. In addition to the baptism of the Evolution Holy Spring…

If it was with all of this… it could at least kill its way through the ruins, right?