Chapter 79 - Time To Nurture Buggy

Chapter 79: Time to Nurture Buggy

Dong Huang was an ancient country with thousands of years of history. It formed a civilization far earlier than other countries.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

In ancient times, Dong Huang had several dynasties, but they were all destroyed for different reasons.

There was one unified feature of these dynasties, which was that they liked to build their capitals in the same place.

It was not until they entered the modern era that the Beast Tamer Association finally moved to the capital. The political centers of the various dynasties were now known as the ancient capital.

The ancient capital had always been a place where soldiers fought. Countless battles had happened here in the past thousand years, so there were several places with the greatest yin aura in Dong Huang where a large number of undead creatures had gathered.

In an old battlefield plain outside the ancient capital of a first-level city…

Dark clouds lingered, and the sky darkened. On the ground were countless bones, and a large number of skeleton soldiers were wandering.

Apart from that, countless undead were inserted between reality and fantasy.

The desolate land was lifeless. It was completely a paradise for undead.

However, in such a place, there were people who traversed the sky indifferently.

“Jiu!!!!”

It was a huge bird with a sky-blue color, beautiful blue feathers, bright colors, and a light body.

Its wings were as green as the sky, and the gentle light that suffused them dispelled all the Yin Qi everywhere it passed, causing the undead below to involuntarily stop and not dare to move.

If a Beast Tamer with good knowledge reserves were here, he would definitely be able to recognize that this was a Green Spirit Wind Bird with the bloodline of the Phoenix.

Furthermore, it was at least a Green Spirit Wind Bird whose growth level reached the monarch level.

On the huge green bird, a woman with short brown hair and a casual white research suit stood there, silently reading the message on her cell phone.

“Plant, gardener?”

“Looks like I’ve successfully cracked the ruins. It’s much faster than I imagined.”

Unfortunately, she looked around and saw that there were no plant-type pets that could farm. Though, there were a bunch of skeleton soldiers.

Facing Shi Yu, who did not treat herself as an outsider at all, she really wanted to send a skeleton soldier to help Shi Yu farm.

At this moment, she rubbed her temples with her long fingers. This trip to the ruins was more exhausting than she imagined. She would deal with Shi Yu later.

“Wait until you pass the vocation assessment,” she replied.

…

“We have to wait…”

In the training villa in Ping Cheng District of Icefield City, Shi Yu looked at the message on his cell phone and stretched in boredom.

He asked Lu Qingyi about plant-type pets and thought that she would directly throw out a few options for him to choose.

However, the vocation assessment was soon anyway.

There should still be four months?

At that time, his Beast Taming Space should be able to reach level two. At the same time, Eleven should be almost at the transcendent level.

At this moment, after returning home, Eleven immediately ran over to train.

This battle with the Ice Dragon had caused it a huge setback!

At that time, if it was a real Ice Dragon cub and not an illusion, Eleven would have gotten wrecked!

He had to work harder!

“Ji!”

The green worm surrounded Shi Yu, wanting to continue filling in a few more “career choices”. It was even addicted.

“No, this kind of thing depends on the initial feeling.”

“How can you change it just because you want to?”

Shi Yu put away his cell phone and chased the Green Silkworm away as he told the Green Silkworm his experience in answering multiple choice questions during the exam.

This kind of thing… The more it was changed, the more wrong it became.

Moreover, this little bastard… The skills and materials were almost ready. If the Green Silkworm suddenly said that it wanted to evolve into something else, wouldn’t that be tormenting?

Shi Yu felt that it was pretty good already for it to take the Dream Butterfly route that was materialized in his dream.

“Ji, Ji.”

The green worm looked regretful. Then, it fell silent for a moment and looked at Eleven’s departing figure.

A moment later, it crawled over too, wanting to train with Eleven.

Shi Yu explained to it clearly that all the applications were for evolution into stronger races.

If it was in the past, the green worm might not have understood what it meant, but now that its intelligence had slightly awakened, it understood.

Evolution represented an opportunity to change one’s fate.

As a small worm that could be seen everywhere, it was at the bottom of the food chain. From the way it escaped to Shi Yu’s house to avoid its natural enemy, one could tell how low it was.

However, from liking to dream and dreaming that he was soaring in the sky in different forms, it also meant that the green worm was not satisfied with the current situation.

It wanted to change its fate, but because it had no intelligence before, only instinct, it was confused and didn’t know what to do.

Or rather, even if he knew, he might not be able to do it. It wouldn’t change anything.

Although the evolution conditions of the Green Silkworm were very simple, that was for the Green Silkworms contracted by a Beast Tamer. The probability of the wild green worm evolving was probably less than one in ten thousand.

“Ji, Ji.”

However, that was in the past. Now that the little green worm had some intelligence, it knew what it should do to change its fate.

Train hard and change its fate!

To be honest, this was not the concept Shi Yu had transmitted to the green worm that had just gained sentience. The first to transmit this concept was Eleven…

This training maniac and self-disciplined bear had already told the Green Silkworm the benefits of training when it was very weak.

This was the only way to change one’s fate, but at that time, the green worm didn’t understand at all. It was only forced to train.

But now, the Green Silkworm finally understood what becoming stronger meant. Moreover, it had been influenced by Eleven and the temptation of evolution mentioned by Shi Yu. It actually decided to take the initiative to train with Eleven.

This was impossible for the green worm that only wanted to eat and sleep previously.

“Ji ji…” In the blink of an eye, the green worm disappeared.

As Shi Yu watched, he fell into deep thought.

Buggy had grown up and become sensible.

However, he seemed to have forgotten to tell the bug that the evolution path he’d prepared for it was Dream Butterfly. It could become stronger after sleeping and dreaming dreams, so why would it go and suffer with Eleven?!!

If it had the time, he might as well sleep more.

Learn how to control dreams and have lucid dreams.

A lucid dream was not a skill. It was a physiological phenomenon to maintain a conscious state during a dream.

In this state, dreamers could maintain consciousness and lucidity in their sleep state, even changing their dreams.

Even an ordinary person could learn it as long as they underwent training.

Before Shi Yu transmigrated, he had tried to do similar things, but he didn’t seem to have the talent. He had only succeeded once or twice in a long time.

That was on Earth without transcendent powers. In this world, lucid dreams were very common. After all, there were things like dream beasts.

Generally speaking, dream beasts could easily control dreams. Their dreams, and the dreams of other creatures.

They were born lucid dreamers. Shi Yu hoped that the Green Silkworm could do something similar. This was very important for building dreams in the future.

“Forget it, let it train with Eleven for a while first. It’s not bad to use Eleven as an example.”

“When it’s tired from training, I sleep better.”

Today was a day worth celebrating. Shi Yu prepared to give himself a day off. He didn’t even add any more points, and still he would have to work and rest occasionally.

To be precise, he planned to study this ruins bead and how to turn the Ethereal Stone into an evolutionary material.

As for the dragon whiskers, Shi Yu thought about it and decided to forget it for the time being. He would keep it for now.

What if this was an important tool to activate the Ice Dragon Ruins? It would be bad if it was destroyed by him.

Moreover, the current Green Silkworm did not need this material to strengthen the worm silk at all.

After all, its worm silk had yet to reach transcendent

This was Shi Yu’s next target.

For the next period of time, Shi Yu planned to focus on nurturing the Green Silkworm. He could set aside Eleven’s points for the time being and let it train its combination skills.

Combination skills, even if there was a skill proficiency guarantee, needed to be trained and coordinated by oneself. This couldn’t be completely relied on the index.

It was said that in professional battles, they essentially competed in combination skills.

In a master-level battle, the strength of the pet was determined.

The combination skill and creation of profundities tested the Beast Tamer’s imagination and intelligence.

This kind of thing was harder to train than a single skill. Pets often had to work harder than when just training single skills.

All Shi Yu could do was help Eleven build up the foundation before they slowly studied the strange combination skills and profundities together.

It was time to place his focus on the bug…

Moreover, Shi Yu was also very curious. How many times before a perfect level skill became transcendent level?

The worm silk was currently costing a cooldown of less than eight hours. It was nothing to Shi Yu. It was suitable for experimentation.

After the worm silk reached transcendent, it would usher in a qualitative change.

That was the change in attributes.

Depending on the food it ate during a period of time, the Green Silkworm could use the Perfect Level Worm Silk with different attributes.

If it ate thunder-element resources for a period of time, the worm silk would upgrade to a worm silk with electricity, with a little paralysis effect.

If it ate ice-type resources for a period of time, the worm silk would change into a frost-type worm silk that could freeze the enemy after binding them.

It looked pretty strong, but it was actually still just fluff. After all, the Worm Silk at this time was at most comparable to a low-level skill at the expert level.

In short, it was precisely because of this nature that Shi Yu thought about how much the dragon whisker could strengthen its worm silk.

Or rather, how much could the Space Spirit Stone strengthen the worm silk?

A string of silk that could cut through space?

He was thinking too much again…

“Bead, bead, can you hear me?” Shi Yu finally looked at the ruins bead in his hand and activated his telepathy talent, hoping to hear the traces of history.