Chapter 70 - Iron-Eating Beast Evolution

Chapter 70: Iron-Eating Beast Evolution

Shi Yu’s heart surged as he followed the branch.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Look, what was this!

Super skill!

Shi Yu felt that the greatest gain from this trip might not be the Evolution Holy Spring, but the control of this plant.

This Ancient King Tree of Life actually used a surmounting skill to lead the way casually. It was simply too cute.

Shi Yu studied the skill’s effect briefly and felt that it was powerful.

There was naturally no need to say anything about plant control. It could probably evolve into many low-level and mid-level wood-element skills.

The truly impressive thing was the subsequent abilities.

The ability to control the growth of plants and increase the quality of plants.

The former was still alright. For example, if a tree sprout had just been planted and he used this ability on it, this sapling might immediately become a towering tree.

Of course, this sapling could also be used to refer to spiritual plants. This was an ability that many gardener-type plant-type pets had. However, those low and intermediate skills with the same effect were definitely not as impactful as super skills.

The most impressive thing was actually the ability to increase the quality of the plant.

Perhaps this ability could upgrade ordinary plants to spiritual plants.

Coupled with the ability to control the growth of plants, it was simply too amazing.

And if he thought about it in an exaggerated manner and regarded plant-type life forms as plants, could this ability still help plant-type pets develop their potential?

In short, this super skill, plant control, looked like a wood-element skill. Shi Yu felt that he was really lucky.

“But here’s the problem. Can Eleven and the Green Silkworm be compatible with such a skill? It feels like a stretch.”

“Should we nurture the Green Silkworm towards plants?”

“Or should I wait until the third one in the future and contract a plant-type pet?”

“Also, also, high-level skills require a week of weakness. This super-level skill…”

Shi Yu fell into deep thought. When he thought of his weakened state, it was as if cold water had been splashed on his face.

It was too early to be excited. He felt that this super skill might not even be useful for a long time.

Wu wu wu!!!

Eleven seemed quite disappointed.

…

[We’re already here.]

Shi Yu was distracted as he was dragged away by the tree branch.

As he was researching plant control, suddenly, a light female voice entered his mind.

Shi Yu was slightly shocked before nodding and replying.

[Thank you.]

It turned out that this Ancient King Tree of Life was a big sister.

After that, Shi Yu gradually returned to his senses.

At this moment, he had indeed arrived at the side of a spring.

In front of him, clear spring water spewed out of the rocks, emitting a rich aura of life.

The spring was very small. If the pet was too big, it might not necessarily be able to enter completely.

“Eleven.”

Under the pleasant sound of clear spring flowing, Shi Yushen took a deep breath of fresh air and summoned Eleven.

In the next second, a fresh-faced Eleven walked out of the summoning array.

Eleven: (◍•͈⌔•͈◍) Wuu?

After coming out, Eleven looked at the spring excitedly and could already smell the deliciousness of the spring water.

It was so hungry that its saliva dripped down.

“This is the Evolution Holy Spring. Eleven, go in, but you can’t drink it!!”

“The Evolution Holy Spring can only be absorbed by the body through soaking. You mustn’t drink it!!”

“After soaking for a while, your physique can increase. Remember not to drink it!”

Important things were reminded thrice.

President Feng had told Shiyu to remember it. The Evolution Sacred Spring could only be absorbed by soaking. Drinking it would instead harm the body.

Although he didn’t know the mechanism and felt that it didn’t make sense, Shi Yu could only choose to believe in this fantasy world.

What else could he do, have Eleven try drinking it?

“Wu wu wu.”

Eleven: o(╥_╥)o

After hearing that it couldn’t be drunk, Eleven cried like a storm.

Why was its Tamer making things difficult!

[Improve physique!]

However, as it cried, Eleven suddenly discovered a blind spot.

It pointed at itself hesitantly.

Then, it pointed at Shi Yu.

“Wuu?”

What it meant was, perhaps Shi Yu could bathe inside?

“Are you sure the effect of me bathing is greater than the effect of you doing it?”

Perhaps it could release a few more skills if Eleven went in.

However, if Shi Yu took a bath, he might be able to teach dozens of skills!

Eleven simply calculated this mathematics problem and easily obtained the optimal solution.

Shi Yu was more suitable to soak in this Evolution Holy Spring than him.

“I…” Shi Yu was speechless.

“If a person can soak in this Evolution Holy Spring, I want to too.”

[You’d die.]

At this moment, the Ancient Tree of Life spoke again and reminded him.

[Thank you…]

Look, it wasn’t just President Feng who said this. Even the Ancient Tree of Life King had said this. Shi Yu didn’t want to die young.

This was clearly not prepared for human Beast Tamers.

“In any case, hurry up and go. Cut the crap.” Shi Yu wanted to kick Eleven in the butt and send it into the spring.

“Wuu!”

Since the Beast Tamer had said so, Eleven could only regretfully soak in it himself.

Sigh, how good would it be if Beast Tamers could soak in it?

After Shi Yu’s physique improved, he would not have to recuperate every day…

Plop!!!

As he thought about it, Eleven directly leaped into the spring.

A fleeting flower splash rose.

At the same time, Eleven opened his eyes wide inside the spring while holding its breath.

Danger, danger… It almost drank it accidentally. Because of the jump training method, it was too familiar with jumping, so it didn’t control its strength well!

“Focus on absorbing,” Shi Yu reminded again.

In the spring, Little Iron-eating Beast Eleven immediately nodded and closed its eyes.

The evolution spring water was not cold at all. Instead, it was warm.

“I wonder how Eleven’s absorption efficiency is…”

Beside the spring, Shi Yu was in thought.

President Feng said that pets’ efficiency in absorbing the evolution spring water was also different depending on their race, talent, and potential.

Some pets could receive huge benefits, but some pets might only receive a trivial increase.

As Shi Yu was thinking about it, Eleven suddenly felt its body getting hotter and hotter in the spring.

ITs body involuntarily used Hardening.

However, the hot temperature did not make Eleven uncomfortable.

It only brought it into an unknown territory.

Bang, bang, bang.

Eleven didn’t know how it felt, as if the spring water could awaken something in its body.

Bang, bang, bang.

“What’s wrong?”

As Eleven’s Beast Tamer, Shi Yu could more or less feel that Eleven’s state was very strange.

Should it say that its blood was boiling, or did its DNA move?

[Don’t worry.]

[It is searching for an ancient bloodline.]

The Ancient Tree King of Life said.

Ancient bloodline?

Shi Yu was stunned. What did he mean?

He didn’t understand, but he quickly closed his eyes.

He tried to use his spiritual connection with Eleven to sense its condition.

In the next second.

Shi Yu also seemed to be in a different world and saw an Iron-eating beast.

This Iron-eating Beast looked like Eleven, but different at the same time.

It was a huge Iron-eating Beast in bronze armor.

This iron-eating beast was very strange. It seemed to have an additional layer of armor on the foundation of its hardened body.

However, its other features didn’t change at all from that of a giant panda. He felt that the panda had relied on Perfect Level Hardening to create a set of battle clothes.

[Ancient bloodline, the lost evolution form…]

The Ancient King Tree of Life muttered.

This Iron-eating Beast had terrifying potential and talent.

It actually found traces of evolution in the ancient times from the small traces of the bloodline.

“Why does this fellow look so similar to Chi You’s Iron-eating Beast mount in that painting from back then?” At this moment, Shi Yu, who was in a daze, suddenly jerked up.