Chapter 88 - : Regarding The Life-Saving Ability Of Beast Tamers

Chapter 88: Regarding the Life-Saving Ability of Beast Tamers

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Shi Yu’s gaze could not move away immediately. After all, this was the first time he had seen this Beast Taming Talent. It felt very novel!

Moreover, in the intense explosion just now, it was one thing for Bai Xi’s body to be enhanced, but why were her clothes so sturdy?

Shi Yu was purely curious. Was there any battle suit that could resist energy? He wanted to buy two sets too!

“Have you seen enough?”

At this moment, Bai Xi saw that Shi Yu and the Little Iron Eating Beast were staring at her. Her figure disappeared directly and she came behind Shi Yu. She patted Shi Yu’s shoulder and picked Eleven up.

“So fast.”

Shi Yu’s heart skipped a beat. Eleven was already being held by the other party. Eleven subconsciously wanted to resist, but the other party’s strength was unexpectedly strong. Eleven couldn’t break free at all.

“Wuu!” Eleven immediately felt that it had returned to the days when ite was dominated by Big Sister Lin Xiuzhu.

This fellow’s strength was even more ridiculous than Sister Lin Xiuzhu!

“Sorry… This is the first time I’ve encountered this talent.”

“Don’t you need to summon your pet to use this talent?” Shi Yu looked at the six-tailed white fox at the edge and then at Bai Xi’s transformation characteristics.

Although it was also white, it clearly didn’t match with the Six-tailed White Fox.

“No need. The Fusion Talent is relatively special. It can directly fuse with the pets in the Beast Taming Space. My current fusion target is another tiger-type pet.”

Bai Xi picked Eleven up and stared at it carefully before handing it back to Shi Yu.

“So it’s the multiplication skill…”

At the same time, her beast characteristics slowly disappeared, and she returned to her previous appearance.

“Do you understand what I mean now?”

Bai Xi said, “The battles you previously engaged in should all be battles where Beast Tamers are in relatively safe conditions. Otherwise, it would be formal competitions, or else you would be under high protection…”

“The professional level is actually a threshold. After stepping into the professional level, the comfortable environment will greatly decrease.”

“Because of this, one of the first two pets of the Beast Tamers will basically be perfectly compatible with themselves to protect themselves.”

“Of course, you’ll definitely think that it’s easier for me to do this because I have the talent of fusion, but that’s not the case. There are countless similar techniques, and it depends on whether the Beast Tamer will dig them up.”

“Xiao-Xiaobai, come here.” Bai Xi shouted for the Six-tailed White Fox, and the fox immediately walked over.

“Circle Dance,” she said.

In the next second, the six-tailed white fox waved its six tails, forming a dazzling light that swept towards Bai Xi.

Bang!!!

Shi Yu and Eleven were shocked again. This Senior White was really a tiger! She let her pet hit her all the time. Although it was to show him, it was so scary.

This time, Bai Xi didn’t fuse into a body. However, the six-tailed white fox’s tail stopped in midair.

This was because during the process of it sweeping towards Bai Xi, countless streams of water gathered out of thin air, forming a water shield in front of Bai Xi. The Six-tailed White Fox’s Circle Swing skill directly hit the water shield, but it couldn’t break through.

Splash!!

When the water shield disappeared, Bai Xi said, “It’s my other water-element pet. It has mastered the ‘Water Shield’ skill and also majored in this skill. It has already trained its skill to the proficiency of automatically sensing danger and defending, so it can help me block the damage at the moment the danger approaches me.”

“Well, in battle, I actually prefer to change my form and let it transform into the form of a high-pressure water saber to fight…” Bai Xi licked her lips.

Shi Yu and Eleven were speechless.

Then, Eleven looked down at Shi Yu. Why did his Beast Tamer retreat whenever he could in battle?

The difference between people is indeed huge!

“Alright, it’s time to talk about you guys. Do you have similar thoughts?” Bai Xi asked.

“This…” Shi Yu thought for a moment. In the future, Buggy might be able to materialize into pets with similar skills, or it could directly materialize into armor to protect himself?

However, he couldn’t explain this to the beast-eared senior in front of him.

“Looks like you don’t have any ideas.” Bai Xi smiled and said, “I’ll give you a suggestion.”

“I know two master-level Beast Tamers with iron-eating beasts that do this.”

“What?” Shi Yu was stunned. Iron-eating beast?

Bai Xi said, “One of the symbols of the Iron-eating Beast’s racial skill, Transcendent Level Hardening, is to apply it. It can apply the Hardening Material to other objects, including life forms. At that time, you can hang it on your shoulder and let it give you a layer of Hardening. If you do that, you can also have the skill to resist and tear your pet apart with your bare hands.”

“When your Beast Taming Space upgrades and your physique undergoes an extraordinary transformation, you might be able to give it a try.”

“Of course, the premise is that you can cultivate Hardening to transcendent level. This isn’t easy.”

“!!!” Shi Yu and Eleven looked at the smiling Bai Xi. Ten thousand Green Silkworms crawled across their hearts. Could hardening be done in this way? Shi Yu and Eleven had never thought of it.

Was this how they played in the city?

Shi Yu: I can also use Armament Haki Hardening?

However, this definitely had to be given up. Eleven was an ace. How could it always be a bodyguard on his shoulder?

But it was really an idea.

High-speed healing could even be used to heal Beast Tamers, so it was completely fine to apply other skills to Beast Tamers.

“Of course, the above are all off-topic. The goal is to give you a warning. Remember to think about this yourself as much as possible in the future direction of pet training. After all, you, the Beast Tamer, are the most important,” Bai Xi said.

“These are still far from where you are now. Senior Lu said that if you come to me, I can teach you a special skill that you can use right now.”

“She originally planned to teach it herself… But she’s been rather busy recently, so she entrusted it to me. Of course, if you didn’t come to me, she might have taught it to you herself later.”

Shi Yu asked, “What skill…”

Bai Xi crossed her arms and looked at the fox. The six-tailed white fox once again swung its tail.

This time, Bai Xi displayed her third life-saving skill. The first was the Fusion Transformation, which came from her Beast Taming Talent. The second was the Water Shield, which came from her pet’s skill, and the third…

Its six tails swept across. This time, it was as if it had hit an illusion. It directly passed through Bai Xi’s body, causing Shi Yu to fall into confusion again.

“This skill is called ‘Etherealization’. Beast Tamers can use their willpower to transfer their bodies into alternate spaces to avoid damage. In theory, in that state just now, I was no longer in this space.”

“The conditions you would need to harm me in that state are very restricted.”

Shi Yu: “?”

Beast Tamers mastered spatial skills?

“This is an ability that only legendary Beast Tamers can master, but…”

Bai Xi pointed at the ruin bead hanging on Shi Yu’s neck and said, “But people who have a legendary Beast Tamer’s relic can also use this ability with special spatial tools. Although there are some restrictions, it is enough to protect their lives in low-level battles.”

When she finished speaking, Shi Yu subconsciously touched the ruins bead.

“Don’t be surprised, it was Senior Lu who told me. She said you successfully cracked a ruin, but you probably don’t know the best way to use this spatial tool, right?”

“The best usage method is what I showed just now. It allows ordinary Beast Tamers to have the same ethereal ability as legendary Beast Tamers in advance.” Bai Xi waved the bead on the chain and said, “Do you want to learn it?”

“Most people only know that the growth enhancement of spiritual plants and pets in the mystic realm ruins is the most valuable. They don’t know that the space left behind by a legendary Beast Tamer can be used like this. You’re lucky.”

Shi Yu was stunned. He looked at the bead in the other party’s hand. This was also a rich lady!

The Ruins Bead was also called the Mystic Realm Bead!

This Bai Xi actually had one!

Super second-generation heir???

“Yes,” Shi Yu said subconsciously. With this skill, what was there to be afraid of?

He thought that the ruins bead could only be used to hide in times of danger. It turned out that it could be used so easily? It could directly etherealize its body outside?

No wonder Beauty Lu said that this ruin bead was his best cheat before he became an official member of Bureau 11.

He had completely gathered all the spatial storage, cultivation enhancement, and life-saving divine skills.

“Well, then you should learn from me first,” Bai Xi said. “There’s a place in the school that specializes in training the life-saving abilities of Beast Tamers.. I’ll take you there to take a look first.”