Chapter 80 - Ancient Capital

Chapter 80: Ancient Capital

Two days later.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

At the edge of the snow mountain.

Two Beast Tamers in winter clothes walked out of the snow mountain with dozens of people and entered the camp outside the city wall.

Against the background of the white snow mountain, the environment of the soldiers stationed outside the nearby city wall appeared especially arduous.

If it weren’t for their protection, the living environment of the entire Icefield City wouldn’t be as comfortable as it was now.

Shi Yu’s predecessor of this alternate world had very high respect for these people.

After all, if not for them, the young Shi Yu would not have been able to escape Ping Cheng.

And Shi Yu, who had transmigrated, naturally had a good impression of the Beast Tamers of the Beast Tamer Troops.

They were very similar to the soldiers in his previous life. They had always been guarding places that were difficult for anyone to notice, silently protecting the people behind them. They were very noble.

Shi Yu happily accepted Bureau 11’s assessment and prepared to investigate the Ice Dragon Ruins in the snow mountain. Apart from his archeological soul acting out, he also wanted to investigate the situation of the snow mountain from the source and see if anything could change.

If the archeological path could be helpful, then there would be more motivation.

“Haha, looks like there’s good news.”

In the camp outside the city wall, the busy President Feng looked at the Beast Taming Troops who had returned with a load. When he saw the smile on their faces, he couldn’t help but ask, “How’s the situation?”

Wang Meng, the commander of the Beast Tamer Corps in Ping Cheng, glanced at him and nodded. “It’s alright.”

Lin Hongnian, the gold medal fighter not part of the military, said, “The beast tide’s abnormality has temporarily stopped.”

“Double joy.” President Feng chuckled. “We have also successfully cracked the ruins that Old He is in charge of.”

Wang Meng and Lin Hongnian were stunned.

It was cracked?

Wasn’t the progress still stuck at the fourth level?

At the moment, it didn’t seem to be the time to allow the other districts and counties to take their turns.

“Old Lin, come here. I’m telling you…” President Feng pulled Lin Hongnian over.

After that, he praised a certain duo.

From the beginning of the order of entry to the Evolution Holy Spring, Lin Hongnian was stunned and couldn’t believe it.

What?

A combination skill of expert level Thunder Palm and expert level Hardening?

A little metal-eating beast that mastered expert-level deterrence?

It was suspected that an ancient bloodline had awakened after the Evolution Holy Spring bath?

The sixth level of the ruins was an Ice Dragon Phantom? Shi Yu even defeated it?

What the f*ck was this? Did some snow maiden in the snow mountain cast an illusion on him before he came out?

“Old Lin, where are you going…”

“Returning to Ping Cheng to look for Shi Yu!”

…

Training villa.

Lin Hongnian came to Shi Yu’s new home.

At this moment, Shi Yu was leisurely sunbathing. He did not expect that someone would visit him at this time.

Who was it…

Shi Yu ran to open the door.

“Hall Master Lin, why are you here?”

After Shi Yu opened the door of the courtyard, he saw the serious-looking Lin Hongnian and was surprised.

“By the way, you’ve been to the snow mountain recently, right? How’s the situation over there?”

“It’s still manageable,” Lin Hongnian said. “I heard that you cracked that ruin?”

Back then, he did suggest that Shi Yu could go there to train, but he never expected that Shi Yu could break through the sixth level and grow so quickly.

Eleven had just started learning the Thunder Palm when he had decided to go to the snow mountain for the expedition…

Why did it become a combination skill that was expert in Thunder Palm and expert in Hardening in the end??

It was as if he had been out for several years.

However, this was not important. After all, Shi Yu was introduced by Lu Qingyi, a genius who had reached the master level in his early twenties.

With Lu Qingyi’s help, it was normal for Shi Yu to be a little ridiculous.

At this moment, Lin Hongnian’s most important goal was to ask about the Evolution Holy Spring and the ancient bloodline of the iron-eating beast.

“Moreover, I heard that your Iron-eating Beast gained something from the Evolution Holy Spring. It seems to have awakened some ancient bloodline?”

“Can you tell me about it?” Lin Hongnian looked serious.

Everyone in Ping Cheng knew how obsessed Lin Hongnian was with finding the evolution form of the iron-eating beast.

“Come in first.”

Shi Yu invited Hall Master Lin Hongnian into the courtyard.

At this moment, Eleven was training, and the Green Silkworm was trying its best to have a lucid dream as per his request. It was quiet here.

The two of them sat at the bamboo table. Shi Yu said, “I think that should be an ancient bloodline. It might be what the iron-eating beasts looked like thousands or even tens of thousands of years ago.”

“The form is actually not much different from now. It’s like an Iron-eating Beast wearing armor, but it doesn’t feel like a transcendent Hardening skill.”

The Transcendent Level Hardening symbol was that the Hardening Material could be released to form weapons and equipment. In addition, it could also attach the Hardening Material to other objects.

At the moment, only Master Lin Hongnian’s Iron-eating Beast in front of him had reached this proficiency.

Logically speaking, by relying on Perfect Level Hardening, one could create an armor suit. However, the feeling that the bloodline awakening gave him back then was that it was not as simple as Hardening. It was indeed a completely new life form.

“Battle armor…” Lin Hongnian fell into deep thought.

“It’s possible to form battle armor with transcendent hardening, but if you don’t think so… Then is it possible that transcendent hardening is one of the evolution conditions for the iron-eating beast?” Hall Master Lin guessed.

“It means that using transcendent Level Hardening to form a similar weapon and then stabilizing this form in a certain way… Is the evolution method of the iron-eating beast?” Shi Yu said. “Isn’t it a little too perfunctory…”

If that was the case, even if the evolved Hardening skill could still be added to armor and become double Hardening, it didn’t feel like there was any future.

A commander rank was the limit, in this scenario.

“It’s just a guess.” Lin Hongnian also felt that it was too simple. He couldn’t help but laugh and leave it at that.

“However, in short, it’s an experimental direction.”

“By the way, did any other changes happen after your Iron-eating Beast awakened its ancient bloodline?”

“Apart from having a better physique and slower growth, there are no other changes.”

Ordinary iron-eating beasts that had reached level nine of awakening should be a little taller than Eleven, but Eleven was a little short.

However, compared to the ancient bloodline, Shi Yu felt that it should be because the Evolution Holy Spring had strengthened Eleven’s life force.

“I see…” Lin Hongnian was silent. Unfortunately, Shi Yu’s Iron-eating Beast had only awakened a weak ancient bloodline. If only it had evolved directly…

This way, he might be able to study the evolution path of the iron-eating beasts more clearly.

Lin Hongnian suddenly thought of something and looked at Shi Yu, not knowing what to say.

“Do you have something to say, Hall Master Lin?”

Lin Hongnian nodded and asked, “Well, Shi Yu, did Miss Lu Qingyi help you to crack the ruins?”

“Uh…” Shi Yu did not expect this question.

How should he put it? Lu Qingyi’s 10 million yuan had indeed helped a lot, so it should be considered something, right?

Shi Yu nodded.

Lin Hongnian showed an “as expected” expression.

But then again, was Shi Yu really one of Lu Qingyi’s distant cousins? This was too ridiculous.

“You’re very close to Miss Lu. You must be very knowledgeable about archeology, right?”

Shi Yu nodded again.

“A ruin related to iron-eating beasts was discovered in the ancient capital. Do you know?”

“Originally, I didn’t pay attention to this news, but after hearing that the Iron-eating Beasts have ancient bloodlines, my thoughts changed. Perhaps the ancient Iron-eating Beasts really are special in some way.”

“Ruins related to iron-eating beasts?” Shi Yu was stunned.

“Yes, Xiu Zhu told me.”

“Before I went to the snow mountain, she told me that she discovered a ruin related to the iron-eating beasts in the ancient capital. Her teacher was the first to receive the news and called her over. If I’m not wrong now, they should still be at the ancient capital ruins.”

“This child, Xiu Zhu…” Lin Hongnian shook his head and started chatting with Shi Yu.

As his daughter, Lin Xiuzhu had received elite nurturing since young. He had high hopes for her to become a powerful Beast Tamer.

After that, Lin Xiuzhu’s accomplishments were indeed not bad. She passed the vocation assessment to become a professional Beast Tamer at the age of 18 and was even accepted by Ancient Capital University, one of the nine major universities.

However, it was also after school that father and daughter had a disagreement.

The dream of this father and daughter was to unearth the possibility of the iron-eating beast’s evolution.

But Hall Master Lin wanted to use the training method of the iron-eating beasts to let the iron-eating beasts break through the racial limit and see if there was any possibility of evolution.

On the other hand, Lin Xiuzhu believed that the Iron-eating Beast had an evolution method similar to the Green Silkworm. It needed to meet certain conditions and rely on research, not training alone.

Because of different ideas and limited energy, Lin Xiuzhu finally chose the Feeding Department and Research Department, wanting to study the iron-eating beast evolution path in his own way.

However, this research project with no results was really difficult to complete. During her university days, she mainly studied this. It was also because of this that when her teachers in university learned that there were iron-eating beasts related ruins appearing, they would immediately inform Lin Xiuzhu, who had already graduated, and use their own connections to let Lin Xiuzhu be an archeological consultant.

“Senior Lin is already very outstanding…” Shi Yu thought that Lin Hongnian was unhappy with Lin Xiuzhu’s choice.

“I naturally know that,” Lin Hongnian said.

How could his daughter not be outstanding?

“I understand what you mean.”

Iron-eating beast ruins had appeared in the ancient capital, and there were suspected to be traces of ancient iron-eating beasts.

Initially, Lin Hongnian didn’t mind, but after Shi Yu discovered that the iron-eating beast’s evolution path was ancient, the ancient iron-eating beast information immediately had value for reference.

In addition, Shi Yu had cracked the Ping Cheng Ruins and was related to the archeological world’s new star, Lu Qingyi. Moreover, his Iron-eating Beast had awakened its ancient bloodline. Therefore, no matter how one looked at it, Shi Yu was very suitable to go to the ancient capital to investigate this Iron-eating Beast Ruins.

“Are you free to go? I can get Xiu Zhu to pick you up over there.”

“It’s a pity that Ping Cheng has been on guard recently. I still have to help protect Ping Cheng. Otherwise, I would definitely have gone along.”

Lin Hongnian mainly hoped that Shi Yu and Lin Xiuzhu could investigate something together over there.

“It shouldn’t be a problem.” Shi Yu nodded.

He was also confused about the evolution direction of the iron-eating beasts. Now that a ruin related to the iron-eating beasts had appeared, it was indeed worth looking at.

It was also a good opportunity to travel to a big city.

As one of the nine major cities of Dong Huang, the development of the Ancient Capital was completely incomparable to places like Ping Cheng and Icefield City.

He sighed. He was forced to take a break again and not add any points for the time being. Fine!

“Is the Archeological Association in charge of the investigation of the ruins over there?”

“No, it’s from the Archaeology Department of Ancient Capital University,” Lin Hongnian said. “They should be juniors who cultivate bamboo. After all, it’s just a small ruin related to the Iron Eater and not a ruin space. It’s not that important.”

“A student from Ancient Capital University… That’s also an elite like senior, I assume.”

There was a super institute in each of the nine first-level cities. It was a holy land for all Beast Tamers to pursue.

Generally speaking, only by passing the vocation assessment before the age of 20 would one have the hope of entering the nine major universities to further their studies.

“You don’t have to be humble. I guess if you participate in the vocation assessment, you will definitely be fought over by the nine major schools.” Lin Hongnian smiled.

“Unlike Xiu Zhu, she just barely entered Ancient Capital University.”

“Barely?”

“Well, when she participated in the vocation assessment, the Iron-eating Beast was just a beginner transcendent. It mastered the combination skill of proficient level Thunder Palm and mastery level Hardening.”

“Apart from that, there’s also a contract with another extraordinary creature with pretty good strength. But such a configuration can only be ranked at the bottom of the list of people who passed that batch. In the end, they still entered Ancient Capital University with the advantage of age.”

Shi Yu :”…”

Was it that hard?

“It can’t be helped. She chose to participate in the vocation assessment in Ancient Capital City. The vocation assessment in a first-level city is very difficult. However, it’s precisely because she participated in the assessment here that she had the chance to enter Ancient Capital University after passing it. After all, those universities won’t care about the vocation assessment organized by the Icefield City Association at all.”

It was too realistic. This was too cruel to Icefield City.

Shi Yu suddenly recalled that Ancient Capital City seemed to be the nearest first-level city to Icefield City. Lu Qingyi recommended him to participate in the assessment in a first-level city. Did he have to participate there too?

If it was, he wondered what results he, Eleven, and Buggy could achieve.

“Then I’ll set off to Ancient Capital City tomorrow.”

Shi Yu said, “In short, let’s take this opportunity to take a look first.”

“Then I’ll help you prepare the plane tickets,” Lin Hongnian said.

…