Chapter 89 - Time To Let Loose

Chapter 89: Time to Let loose

During the opening day, although the campus of Ancient Capital University was open to the public, there were actually very few training facilities that could be used by passers-by. Probably only battle areas could be completely open to the public.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

As for training facilities that required energy to be activated, they were at most introduced to the visitors to evoke their yearning.

If it really opened all of them, Ancient Capital University would probably suffer a huge loss in a month.

However, nothing was absolute. There were privileged people everywhere. Next, Beast Ear Lady Bai Xi brought Shi Yu to a huge high-level building in the northern campus.

Bai Xi walked in front while Shi Yu and Eleven followed behind her. The other party took out a school card and swiped it briefly before they successfully entered.

“Granny, are you there?”

After entering, Bai Xi looked in the direction of the counter. On the other side, a white-haired old woman was typing on the computer. She seemed to be working and was very immersed, completely ignoring Bai Xi and Shi Yu who had just entered.

Then, Bai Xi and Shi Yu walked closer to take a look and immediately fell silent.

“When I’m done playing this round, immediately.” The granny stared at the game interface, her wrinkles trembling.

In the video, the sound of people being attacked kept coming out. “Uh, uh, uh!! Ah, ah, ah!”

How modern, Granny!

After lamenting, Shi Yu and Bai Xi watched quietly by the side. After a long time, the granny smashed the keyboard in anger before returning to a kind expression. “Ah, it’s Little Bai Xi. Why are you here?”

“Granny, help me set up a time-limit card and open a prep room. There’s a junior who hasn’t entered school who wants to experience this facility.”

“Oh, oh.” The granny glanced at Shi Yu and the Little Iron Eater and nodded with a smile. “How long will it take?”

There was a hidden policy in Ancient Capital University. All the teachers and visitors brought by the students had the right to temporarily use some training facilities in the school, and they had different treatment from the students who came to visit.

Bai Xi glanced at Shi Yu and said, “Half a month.”

“Alright.” The granny nodded.

Then, Bai Xi said to the administrator, Granny, “Granny, help us open the most basic pass now. I’ll bring him to prepare first.”

After Bai Xi finished speaking, the granny expressed her understanding. She began to lead Shi Yu to the preparation room on the first floor.

…

In the lounge, Bai Xi got Shi Yu to sit down and began to transform into a teacher.

“You definitely know the basic ability of using the Ruins Bead to store items and take out items.”

“At the same time, you must have mastered how to enter the ruins bead yourself. This is the foundation to master the ability of ‘etherealization’.”

“And if you want to use the ability that only this legendary Beast Tamer can master in advance, the key is to establish the connection between your Beast Taming Space and the space storage.”

Then, Bai Xi began to teach Shi Yu a special method to control the ruins bead.

There were too many secrets hidden in the Beast Taming Space. Sometimes, Shi Yu was also very curious why the evolution direction of the humans in this world just happened to be Beast Taming. If it were any other world, they would have long become super mighty figures.

As he explained, Bai Xi constantly added,

“Using this ability isn’t without cost.”

“Every second of etherealization consumes a lot of physical strength. In fact, in a sense, this ability can be seen as a second life-saving Beast Taming Talent that can only be awakened at the Legendary level. There’s nothing wrong with that saying.”

“I understand…” Shi Yu looked like he had seen through life.

Previously, he was still glad that he didn’t have to consume his physical strength to command the battle.

It had only been a day, and he immediately had a virtualization ability that consumed physical strength to activate.

This ability was simply deliberately appearing to bait him into courting death. Etherealization… This ability really had two meanings…

Next, Shi Yu spent about half an hour to understand how to first establish the connection between his Beast Taming Space and the Ruins Bead with his mind before completing the etherealization. Although the steps were a little complicated every time, it was said that once the proficiency was high, it would only take an instant.

It was indeed important to have a good teacher to guide him. Bai Xi explained everything in detail to Shi Yu.

“Try it out?”

As Shi Yu finished meditating, he opened his eyes. Bai Xi was smiling in front of him.

“Yes.” Shi Yu nodded and focused. It was as if lightning flashed in his mind.

Spatial secret skill, Etherealization!

In an instant, with a “Wuu!!!”, Shi Yu’s figure seemed to have turned into an illusion and disappeared from this world for a second. At the same time, Eleven, who was resting with its eyes narrowed, woke up abruptly and fell to the ground!

Eleven: ┗|`O′|┛ Wuu!!

What was going on?!!!

It didn’t hurt, but it scared the panda. What happened just now?

“Did it really succeed?” After turning incorporeal for a second, Shi Yu quickly recovered with a pleasantly surprised expression.

Eleven looked over in confusion.

Faced with Eleven’s confusion, Shi Yu naturally explained the etherealization to it happily.

“Very good. Then let’s practice in actual combat.” Bai Xi smiled.

“I’ve organized a time-limited card for you for half a month. You can come here to practice your abilities in half a month.”

“Follow me.”

Bai Xi’s way of doing things was swift and decisive. She did not give Shi Yu any time to catch his breath. She immediately left the lounge and came to the old lady administrator.

“Are you ready? The basic level has already been opened. You can enter at any time,” the granny said.

Bai Xi looked at Shi Yu and signaled for him to come closer. He looked at the computer screen.

On the computer screen, an environment had already been displayed. At the same time, various extraordinary creatures appeared around it.

Wind Crystal Butterfly, Fear Bear, Gold-Eating Mouse, Poison Dart Frog, Ice-Armored Beast, Skeleton Soldier…

When Shi Yu saw the scene, he felt that something was wrong. He had a bad feeling.

“These transcendent creatures are all energy bodies formed by machines. There’s no difference between their battle patterns, skills, forms… compared to real creatures. The only difference is that their strength has been weakened to the minimum. Even if an ordinary person receives the skill, they will only feel some pain and not be injured.”

“There are a total of ten transcendent creatures in the basic stage. What you need to do next is to last ten minutes while dodging the danger as much as possible here.”

“Oh right, you don’t have to bring your Little Iron-eating Beast with you. In any case, the skills you need to train don’t need pets. You can rely on yourself.”

As Bai Xi finished speaking, Eleven was stunned. It gave Shi Yu an encouraging look. Good luck, you can definitely do it.

Shi Yu: “???”

Shi Yu pointed at himself and said, “Me alone?”

“Yes.” Bai Xi nodded and said, “It’s alright. This is only one of the most basic obstacles. It mainly trains the Beast Tamer’s own reaction speed and ability to deal with danger.”

“If you bring your pet in together, the effect on your training will be lower. After all, your life-saving skills don’t need the help of your pet.”

“Alright…” Shi Yu nodded. Then, under Bai Xi’s guidance, he headed to a room on the second floor nervously.

…

On the second floor, in the huge room, ten transcendent creatures were distributed in various corners of the room. After discovering that the space was very large, Shi Yu heaved a sigh of relief. At least this way, he wouldn’t be immediately beaten up…

However, he was still too naive. Not long after he stepped into the room, the ten monsters in the room immediately attacked at the same time!!

The Butterfly directly waved a wind blade, and the Poison Arrow Frog also shot a poisonous arrow. In the distance, the skeleton soldiers had already raised their bone swords and charged at Shi Yu…

The ten transcendent creatures attacked at almost the same time, scaring Shi Yu into hurriedly entering the ethereal state.

Fortunately, he had turned incorporeal. Otherwise, Shi Yu felt that even if he brought Eleven along, it would definitely not be able to help him block all the attacks unless it used deterrence to instantly kill all the enemies.

Perhaps only by reaching transcendent in Hardening and adding a layer of buff to himself would he have a chance of resisting.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

Shi Yu completed the etherealization and those skills missed.

In the outside world…

The granny administrator, Bai Xi, and Eleven were using their computer monitors to look at the situation inside the checkpoint.

“It’s actually etherealization…” The granny saw the life-saving technique Shi Yu used and immediately looked at Bai Xi.

“This little classmate you brought doesn’t have a simple background, right?”

Bai Xi nodded. How could a newcomer that Senior Lu liked be simple?

He had cracked a ruin during the trainee period and obtained the ruins bead. On the other hand, those top second-generation heirs were only so-so.

“He just mastered the ability to turn incorporeal. With the physique of a Beast Tamer intern, supporting the ethereal state for about half a minute is the limit.”

“If he can’t use this ability reasonably, he will quickly fall into danger and fail the challenge,” Bai Xi said as she looked at Shi Yu on the screen.

She looked speechless. It was too wasteful!

Etherealization was not a permanent buff. It had to be activated at a critical moment. This Shi Yu, it would save him trouble if he kept it on, sure, but was his physical fitness cost-free?

Did Shi Yu understand the purpose of this training!

“After all, it’s his first time. He would have to adapt slowly…” The granny was experienced and said very considerately.

In the scene, Shi Yu still maintained his ethereal form, making the ferocious beasts attack like headless flies, but they couldn’t hit Shi Yu.

Just like that, 30 seconds passed.

40 seconds passed…

After 45 seconds, the expressions of the granny and Bai Xi gradually became strange!

“How could he etherealize for so long?” Bai Xi didn’t understand. She had also mastered the ability to etherealize during the intern period. She knew very well the approximate time to maintain it at various levels and states.

However, when it came to Shi Yu, something seemed to have gone wrong?

“Sob!” At this moment, Eleven silently looked at the scene and analyzed their thoughts through the expressions of Granny and Bai Xi.

Eleven looked calm, as if to say, “Don’t make a fuss. Didn’t Shi Yu show extraordinary stamina?”

Eleven wanted to say that actually, it wasn’t that Shi Yu’s physical fitness exceeded other Beast Tamers of the same level by a lot, but that he had rich experience in “etherealization”.

Shi Yu, who could remain calm even after falling into a weakened state for dozens of hours after points were added… So what if he overdrew his physical strength and turned incorporeal for a while? It was very reasonable!

“This doesn’t make sense.” Bai Xi stared at the image.

At that moment, in the room, Shi Yu fell into deep thought.

He felt that this couldn’t continue. He felt that he couldn’t hold on anymore.

This etherealization consumed more physical energy than he imagined!

“Hu hu hu hu!!!”

As Shi Yu was thinking about how to crack this level, the skeleton soldier’s large bone sword kept waving in front of Shi Yu’s eyes, making him feel vexed.

“Wait a minute, since this level isn’t as dangerous as I imagined, maybe I can take the initiative to counterattack?”

“Senior Beast Ear also said that a truly outstanding Beast Tamer has to have the ability to face extraordinary creatures bravely.”

Shi Yu was stunned. A certain suicidal soul hidden in his body that was paired with archaeology suddenly woke up.

At this moment, he recalled the opportunity for him to step into the archeological field.

In fact, the first time Shi Yu came into contact with archeology on Earth came from an animated film.

“Dragon Adventures”!

The story tells how archeologists, martial arts expert Jackie Chan, explore various mysteries around the world.

At that time, Shi Yu, who was young, was haunted by his “eighth-grader syndrome”. He felt that Cheng Long was very handsome and even had a copycat career.

Not only did he study archeology, but he also frequently danced and touched his feet, wanting to restore Jackie Chan’s difficult movements.

In the end, Shi Yu got into the ambulance.

This made him understand that the cartoons were all fake.

However, a person’s dream would never end. When he grew up, Shi Yu studied many other skills.

He knew a little of all kinds of combat skills and fighting styles, but only a little. It was this experience that made Shi Yu die a little later.

In short, Earth couldn’t fulfill its dreams for various reasons. Now, an opportunity had come.

Now that he also had a magic-like ability and his physique had improved, it immediately made Shi Yu’s courage increase greatly. With a ruthless gaze, he withdrew from the ethereal state and kicked the skeleton soldier in front of him who was waving his swords around. He immediately kicked it over and the bone sword fell to the ground.

Shi Yu picked up the bone sword and waved it nervously, aiming at the remaining nine ferocious beasts.

He was going to let himself go!

“Feels okay?” This might be his first step to becoming a super Earthling!