Chapter 81 - Leader Eleven

Chapter 81: Leader Eleven

However, there was another problem.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Could the green worm eat the Ethereal Spirit Stone?

The answer was obvious. It definitely couldn’t be eaten directly.

Even Eleven wouldn’t be able to eat to its heart’s content.

Could it be that the Ethereal Stone had to be soaked in water?

Or grinded to powder?

Shi Yu fell into deep thought for a long time. He felt that it was unreliable.

At the side, the Green Silkworm and Eleven had already run off to experiment with the magical effects of the Perfect-level Worm Silk.

The worm silk was extremely strong and sharp.

Although it had yet to reach the transcendent level, after adding dozens of points, the Green Silkworm’s strength was not small.

Using this worm silk, he could easily cut ordinary rocks and trees.

With multiple entanglements, the power of the Worm Silk exceeded that of an arrow and could easily penetrate a large rock.

In terms of cutting power, the coverage of the attack would become greater after multiple entanglements, but it would also consume more physical strength.

In fact, with the current proficiency of the Green Silkworm towards the worm silk, it could even instantly weave a huge and complicated worm net to trap the enemy. It had already become more agile than humans.

Unfortunately, with its current attributes, it was only strong and sharp. There was nothing extraordinary about it, and it was still in the range of the insect class.

If he wanted to increase its power a little more and use the nature of the transcendent-level worm silk to absorb the attribute energy in the food.

On Shi Yu’s side, he couldn’t find out if the Ethereal Spirit Stone could be eaten at all. Just as he was about to ask Lu Qingyi, President Feng, and the others if they had any ideas, he suddenly slapped his head.

“Shi Yu, Shi Yu, being poor really made you dumb.”

“Why don’t you just buy space-type plants as food? Instead, you keep thinking about rocks.”

Shi Yu had yet to change his mindset. He had not realized that he was already a rich person after obtaining a ruin.

It didn’t seem wrong to sell an Ethereal Stone for money and buy a suitable spatial plant.

Even if there was a middleman who earned a difference in price, it wouldn’t be much. It was better than letting bugs eat rocks.

If it ate the rock and it stuffed its body up, the Green Silkworm could directly ascend… Into heaven.

…

After figuring it out, Shi Yu opened the all purpose shopping website and searched for the spatial resource interface. The last time he was on that page, he quit right away.

[Ethereal Spirit Stone]: It can assist Beast Tamers in strengthening the level of the Beast Taming Space. (shortage)

Good lord, not only was it in a shortage state, but there was also no price tag. It looked like a rare item.

But it was also normal. This thing was the same as energy crystals, a universal resource.

Energy crystals could be used by any pet with corresponding attributes. Although the conditions for the birth of energy crystals with common attributes were quite harsh, it was not that impossible.

However, the Ethereal Spirit Stone was different. It could only be born in special places like mystic realm ruins.

Moreover, the need for the Ethereal Stone was far greater than for ordinary attribute materials. Just by being a resource to increase the level of the Beast Taming Space, it meant that any Beast Tamer needed it.

Moreover, it was the kind of thing that you couldn’t have too much of.

After all, no matter how strong a pet was cultivated, it wasn’t as strong as being strong yourself.

After the level of the Beast Taming Space increased, even if the Beast Tamer did not use his pet, he could still suppress powerful extraordinary creatures himself.

Firstly, every time a Beast Tamer’s level increased, their physical fitness would undergo a qualitative change.

This qualitative change was more terrifying than the pet’s feedback and Shi Yu’s increase in points.

The improvement of the former was still in the category of normal people. The difference was at most the difference between ordinary people and national athletes.

However, the latter would become the difference between an ordinary person and a transcendent. Shi Yu estimated that only at that time would he dare to teach his pets super skills. At the same time, the weakening time for teaching low to high-level skills would also clearly decrease. Unlike now, where the timer would only decrease by ten minutes or so if he was feeling especially good. It was still in the same range.

However, this was not the most important thing. After all, even if one’s body was strong, no Beast Tamer would be dumb enough to fight with a pet’s physical body. This power up of the Tamer was, at most, to ensure the resistance of Beast Tamers in extreme environments.

No matter how strong a human’s body was, it was very difficult to compare with a pet.

The most obvious and crucial aspect of the increase in Beast Tamer level was actually the strength of the Beast Taming Space.

A high-level Beast Taming Space was just like those magic weapons used to lock demons in xianxia novels, the master ball in Pokémon, and the sealing technique used to seal tailed beasts in Naruto. It could directly suppress transcendent creatures. A powerful Beast Tamer could control powerful pets with just the Beast Taming Space.

Of course, this wasn’t the main killing method after all. It could only provide support.

But even so, it could be seen that the most important foundation of a Beast Tamer was not a pet, but the Beast Taming Space.

For some Beast Tamers who pursued the strength of the Beast Taming Space, bonds and cultivation were not important at all.

As long as the level of the Beast Taming Space was sufficiently high, he could directly control the powerful extraordinary creatures in the wild to fight for him.

[Space Crystal Fruit]: Level 1 spatial-type resource, a fruit that contains weak spatial power. It’s produced in the mystic realm space.

Price: 500,000 per pill.

“Cough, cough, cough.” Shi Yu choked.

This price was more than a hundred times higher than other resources of the same level.

Moreover, one fruit might not be enough for the green worm to eat.

However, perhaps a meal could last for days?

That was still very expensive. After all, it had only cost Shi Yu 400,000 yuan to increase the Green Silkworm’s silk speed to perfection.

“…I’ll buy it!”

Shi Yu steeled his heart. Space-element resources were indeed a little expensive, but the effects of nurturing them were also stronger than other attributes.

Nowadays, consumption was all about investment.

Moreover, one Ethereal Stone could probably be exchanged for many Space Crystal Fruits. He was currently worth dozens of Ethereal Stones, so there was no need to care about this little bit of money.

Shi Yu directly bought two.

After completing the next order, Shi Yu even felt that he could continue.

He looked at the Green Silkworm again.

At this moment, the Green Silkworm was trying its best to penetrate Eleven’s hardening with the Perfect Level Worm Silk. However, it realized in despair that even after becoming so much stronger, it still couldn’t defeat Eleven.

“Wuu!” Eleven looked down at the green worm, indicating that its efforts weren’t enough.

Far from it. Far from it.

It couldn’t just rely on the additional points of the Beast Tamer, but had to learn to work hard itself.

Only in this way could it obtain the same strength as it.

“Ji…”

The green worm looked at Eleven in admiration, its eyes filled with stars.

It suddenly felt that Eleven’s image was very tall.

Of course, due to the language barrier, the two of them were gesturing blindly.

It was difficult for them to communicate successfully.

“Ah, this… I don’t even need to mentor my pets anymore.”

Shi Yu looked at the two beasts communicating. Eleven’s lead role was good.

In the future, it would be the leader of the team. The core idea to be transmitted was that it couldn’t rely on the additional points of the Beast Tamer. It had to work hard too.

However, Shi Yu felt that it was impossible to deepen the pet’s impression of training if this was all that was happening.

He still needed some incentive policies…

“Maybe, when there are more pets contracted in the future, I’ll make a hard work ranking. Whoever has more training every day will get more points on the same day.”

“Then, I’ll have another team meeting and let a bunch of pets fight. Then, I’ll add points according to my strength ranking…”

This was it!

After becoming a master-level Beast Tamer, if he contracted new pets at every level, there would be at least five to six pets.

It was alright now, but with so many pets in the future, he definitely wouldn’t be able to add more points for everyone. It was still necessary for the proactive rules of competition in the team.

Shi Yu felt that he was really a genius.

“Buggy, come here. I’ll teach you Absolute Sleep.”

“After learning this skill, your spiritual power should be able to increase. When the time comes, you can try to see if there’s any way to control dreams.”

Then, Shi Yu called for the Green Silkworm that was listening to Eleven.

The green worm crawled over silently. Faced with Shi Yu’s temptation, it shook its head and expressed that there was no need to increase its points first. It needed to rely on its own hard work.

“It’s not a big problem. The increase in points is related to hard work. You can get in the car first and catch up later. If you don’t believe me, you can ask Eleven.”

After Shi Yu finished speaking, the green worm looked at Eleven in confusion.

The Little Iron Eating Beast nodded shyly. This couldn’t be helped.

Beasts in the martial world had no choice.

Green Silkworm :”…”