Chapter 82 - Worm Of Imagination

Chapter 82: Worm of Imagination

After raising the Green silkworm’s worm silk to perfection, Shi Yu also taught it Absolute Sleep.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

< Name > Green Silkworm

[Level of Growth]: Level 10 Awakening

[Skill]: Worm Silk (Transcendent), Absolute Sleep (Initiate)

The Green Silkworm’s attributes panel became like this in just a while.

At this moment, although the green worm was still very weak, its potential had already reached a very high level.

Even for those evolution researchers… Even Eleven, who had mastered a bunch of exaggerated skills, was not as valuable as the green worm at hand.

After all, the malleability of a transcendent-level worm silk was too strong, representing endless possibilities.

In fact, Shi Yu wanted to add a little more to see if there was any way to increase the level of the transcendent level Worm Silk.

But at the moment, he really didn’t have the energy… It was mainly because he didn’t want to face the fact that there might be a higher level of skill proficiency for the time being.

“Ji…”

After learning Absolute Sleep, the green worm was slightly surprised.

How could there be such a convenient skill?

Absolute Sleep could help pets fall asleep instantly, and it was a super deep sleep with extremely fast recovery speed. It was simply to its liking!

It could finally stay away from insomnia…

“Don’t think about insomnia first.”

“Do you feel that your mind and spirit have improved?”

Absolute Sleep was a spiritual-type skill. After teaching it, it would increase the mental strength of the Green Silkworm. When Shi Yu finished speaking, the Green Silkworm raised its head in confusion and looked at Shi Yu. Then, it nodded. Maybe…

“…” Why did Shi Yu have the feeling that he was a teacher and was asking a student a question, but the student wasn’t sure and couldn’t answer it?

“Then your next training mission is to practice lucid dreams.”

“Do you have the experience of repeating a dream a few times before realizing that you were dreaming?” Shi Yu asked.

The green worm nodded. Yes, yes, it had dreamed of being eaten by birds more than once.

Damn it, it remembered this grudge.

“Then after you realized it, did you struggle violently and awaken yourself?” Shi Yu asked again.

The green worm found it magical. Why did Shi Yu know everything!

Shi Yu chuckled. This was how everyone’s recurring nightmares were.

“Focus your imagination before sleeping and hypnotize yourself to review the dreams you often have. This is the beginning of a lucid dream.”

“If you encounter a similar dream again and realize that you’re dreaming, you’re already halfway to success. At this moment, you have to calm down and concentrate. Don’t think of breaking free. Instead, start imagining.”

“This is your own dream. If there’s no external interference, everything inside is actually controlled by you.”

“As long as the Psychic power in your subconscious is strong enough, the nightmare scene can disappear from your eyes at any time. You can easily do whatever you want to in the dream.”

Shi Yu might have to rely on the skill index to teach skills, but he understood how to teach this.

There was once when he was troubled by a nightmare. Shi Yu had relied on this move to successfully kill the female ghost. Unfortunately, that was the only time.

At this moment, the green worm vaguely understood. Beside it, Eleven was training and eavesdropping.

Oh, wasn’t it just a daydream?

It was too virtual and not suitable for it. It was meaningless.

At the same time, it also felt that since the worm couldn’t handle it, it might as well wake up and work up a sweat!

Eleven chose to continue training hard.

At that moment, Shi Yu’s skill index page was full again. Only by contracting the next pet could he increase the page count again, so he couldn’t replicate any dream control skill. He could only let the Green Silkworm practice its lucid dreams first.

He also wanted to contract the Green silkworm immediately, but the level of the Beast Taming Space was not high enough.

However, before the green worm turned into a cocoon, Shi Yu definitely had to complete the contract.

There were two benefits to this.

Firstly, if the Green silkworm became his pet and encountered a situation where it failed to turn into a cocoon, Shi Yu could use the Beast Taming Space to ensure that it didn’t die.

The pet contract was a magical power. Unless it was absolute annihilation, even if one of the Beast Tamers and their pets fell into a critical state, as long as one side was in a good state, the endangered side wouldn’t directly die. It was equivalent to completing the blood lock with the other party.

Second, if the Green Silkworm completed its evolution under the contract state, Shi Yu, as a Beast Tamer, might also receive some benefits during the evolution, just like how the increase in the growth level of the pet could bring some benefits to the Beast Tamer.

“Ji!”

Then, Shi Yu explained some key points of dream control to the Green Silkworm. Not only information that he knew already, but also the relevant information found on this world’s Internet.

This kind of dream control culture in the transcendent world seemed to be much more popular than on Earth.

“Ji!!”

After a moment, the green worm completely memorized this knowledge and immediately planned to train.

“Hey, wait.” Shi Yu first yawned and then called for the Green Silkworm.

“I’m not done yet. Don’t dream nonsense. There has to be a plan.”

He took out his cell phone and opened a photo for the Green Silkworm to see.

[Picture]

< Name > Ice Dragon

[Race Level]: Medium overlord

“Didn’t you dream that you had become a dragon before? Look, is it this kind of creature?”

Shi Yu searched for a picture of an ice dragon on the Internet. To be honest, the one he encountered in the ruins was different from this one.

The one they saw was more scaly, with only the part of the whiskers covered in hair. The Ice Dragon in the picture, on the other hand, had ice-blue hair all over its body, with the other half being the scales.

However, their temperaments were all the same. They were very impressive and domineering.

“Ji!!!”

Seeing Shi Yu take out his cell phone, the green worm looked at the picture curiously and shook its head.

It dreamed that what it had become was a green, wingless dragon that looked more like itself, not this one with wings.

“Green Dragon? No wonder.” Shi Yu more or less knew why the green worm dreamed that it had become a dragon.

It was most likely that he had seen the portrait of the Green Dragon before and had an impression of it.

The Green Dragon was a creature from ancient myths. Many places liked to use its statue and portrait to guard their houses. This was probably how the Green Silkworm saw it.

“Stop thinking about it. Look at this first.” Shi Yu pointed at the ice dragon in the picture.

“It’s this guy… or maybe his kind. It beat Eleven up in the ruins last time.”

“Look at it carefully a few times and try to dream it out. When the time comes, I’ll teach you the skill of manifesting a dream. You have a chance of defeating Eleven.”

“Ji?”

Really?

Green Silkworm: ✪ ω✪

It looked at Eleven in training. Eleven was its spiritual leader. Defeating Eleven sounded like a great accomplishment!

Eleven, who was in training, vaguely felt that someone was defaming it.

It turned around and indeed saw Shi Yu and the green worm looking at it with ill intentions.

Eleven:???

What was wrong with it? Was it wrong to train hard?

Shi Yu smiled and placed his cell phone on the ground to let the Green Silkworm observe the ice dragon to its heart’s content.

Well… When he was free, he should go and print a picture. Otherwise, it would be too troublesome.

Indeed, Shi Yu planned to let the Green Silkworm play big at the start.

Using the dragon as a materialization target in a dream would definitely have a drastic effect at the start.

Perhaps the battle power of the thing that would be conjured afterwards would be like an awakened level-one Ice Lizard, but the skill of phantom illusions had to be slowly cultivated. They had to start somewhere.

“I can’t take it anymore.”

At the same time, Shi Yu’s eyelids grew heavier.

Shi Yu, who had added 48 Worm Silk consecutively as well as Absolute Sleep and ate five Divine Beans and some other supplements consecutively, felt that he really wanted to sleep. Even with the supplements, his condition had already reached its limit.

…

The next day.

Shi Yu was not woken up by the Green Silkworm or Eleven, but by a phone call.

“Hello, your parcel is here!”

“Wait a minute.”

When Shi Yu heard the voice, he got out of bed in a daze and walked out of the training villa in his cat slippers.

Initially, Shi Yu was still pretty confused when he woke up, but when he saw the familiar courier in front of him, he immediately woke up.

“Ah, this.”

The delivery man glanced at Shi Yu and then at the big villa behind. He suddenly understood something and revealed an envious expression.

A moment later, Shi Yu put away the two Space Crystal Fruits he had obtained and walked into the villa.

Shi Yu looked out the window and saw that Eleven seemed to still be training.

Its training method was very simple. Multiplication, Thunder Palm, Hardening, and super vision were activated at the same time to train its coordination ability.

This was taught by Shi Yu. After all, there was no meaning in practicing a single skill. It was better to go for the combination skill directly.

This method could train four skills at the same time and also train the most important coordination ability of the combination skill in the future. It was killing two birds with one stone.

“After I’m done with the evolution of the bugs, I’ll help Eleven perfect the profundity of the ‘Thunder Armor’.”

“I wonder how long the ‘electromagnetic cannonball’ will take.”

The former was a combination of Perfect Level Hardening and Thunder Palm, while the latter, Shi Yu estimated that it would at least need a transcendent level Hardening and Thunder Palm…

After greeting Eleven downstairs, Shi Yu quickly found the Green Silkworm.

At this moment, the green worm was sleeping in a potted plant in the training ground.

“Wake up.” Shi Yu used telepathy to call out to it.

Entry-level Absolute Sleep. It was not easy to sense the outside world when sleeping.

However, Shi Yu had telepathy, so he would definitely wake it up easily. It was better than any alarm clock.

“Ji…” The green worm opened its eyes in a daze and saw Shi Yu.

In the next second, it started chirping.

It was a Green Silkworm, a genius!

“Uh, you’re saying that your Dream Manipulation is pretty good? You can already roughly outline the image of the Ice Dragon?”

Upon hearing the green worm’s words, Shi Yu was clearly stunned. This talent was not bad.

Although this ability could even be trained by ordinary people, the Green silkworm was still a worm after all. To be able to approach the requirement of lucid dream overnight, it definitely had corresponding talent!

However, this was only the beginning. In this kind of dream, the image of the ice dragon that the green worm dreamed of would definitely be very vague.

The quality of the materialized illusion was also related to the authenticity of the illusion. If the Green Silkworm wanted to perfectly materialize the Ice Dragon, it had to at least dream every hair of the Ice Dragon clearly.

It was equivalent to requiring you to dream of a cat and clearly count the fur of the cat in the dream. Only then would it be considered a success.

This was undoubtedly very harsh, especially for pets without the dreamland talent. But in order to complete virtual illusions, this step had to be trained.

Let’s see if we can replicate related skills in the future…

“Eat something first.” Shi Yu took out a transparent glass-like Space Crystal Fruit and handed it to the Green Silkworm.

“Ji…”

Although the green worm didn’t know what it was and didn’t smell any fragrance, since it was given by Shi Yu, it must be something good.

“Ji.”

The green worm let out a cry and crawled to the side. It popped its head out and took a small bite.

Gulp.

After swallowing the fruit, the Green Silkworm didn’t feel any taste nor did its body feel anything.

“Finish it first,” Shi Yu said.

Just like that, the green worm started to work hard to eat the Space Crystal Fruit in front of it.

The academic big boss, who had researched the Ice Phoenix Moth and cultivated the Green Silkworm until it had a transcendent skill, had published an open paper on insect silk.

Although the Green Silkworm’s transcendent worm silk could change its attributes through food, the change in this nature didn’t last long.

If it wanted to maintain a certain nature, he had to eat the same food every day.

If food was changed one day, the old nature of the worm silk might be covered by a new nature.

From this, it could be seen that the Green Silkworm’s transcendent-level worm silk had perfectly inherited the unique characteristic of different evolutionary materials.

Unfortunately, this big boss didn’t specifically announce the nature of all the attributes materials. He only gave two examples.

Previously, the Green Silkworm ate level-one Dragon Whisker Grass. This was a resource used to strengthen the sharpness and toughness of silk-type skills.

And now, as it finished eating a Spatial Crystal Fruit, although the green worm didn’t sense any changes in the worm silk, soon, the skill index in front of Shi Yu changed.

Skill: Illusionary Phantom

Skill Level: Advanced

Status: Can be taught

Shi Yu: “!!!”

Sure enough!

The compatibility criteria of the skill index could be changed, two days after getting it!

“Ji…” At this moment, the green worm didn’t even know what was going on as it looked at Shi Yu, who suddenly revealed a pleasantly surprised expression.

“I… Forget it, experiment with the nature of the current worm silk first.”

“Ji!” The Green Silkworm immediately nodded, then condensed the worm silk into a white arrow and shot it towards the ground in the distance!

Whoosh!!!

In the eyes of the green worm, there was no difference from before.

In the end, with a bang, the arrow pierced into the ground and a crack appeared in the ground. The process was still ordinary.

That wasn’t really accurate, however. The sharpness of the worm silk seemed to have increased again.

After all, the venue here was specially made for training. The previous worm silk couldn’t reach this level of power.

“Ji…” The green worm was at a loss. It seemed to have become stronger, but it didn’t feel that it was particularly powerful.

It looked at Shi Yu, who was looking at the cracks in the training ground in silence.

“You condensed the worm silk into an arrow and shot it?”

The green worm nodded. Yes, yes.

Shi Yu :”…”

He rubbed his eyes and wondered if there were some problems with his eyes.

“One more time.”

A moment later, another crack appeared in the training ground.

“One string, put it on the ground.”

Then, Shi Yu made the Green Silkworm spit out a worm silk on the ground.

Shi Yu squatted down and gently touched it with his hand. Finally, he confirmed it.

Apart from being sharper, the core property of the spatial worm silk might be invisibility.

In fact, undead, spiritual, and light classes could do this. These could deceive people’s spatial perception in different ways.

As for this ability, Shi Yu was slightly silent. He just didn’t know if the spatial deception method was easier to crack than the other attributes.

If it wasn’t easy to crack, it would still be alright. But if it was easy to crack, it would be too lousy. After all, if he wanted to maintain this kind of worm silk, he couldn’t stop buying the Space Crystal Fruit for 500,000 yuan each. As expected, it was far from the expectation that it could one day cut through space…

Sigh, after all, it was only a level-ten Green silkworm and a Space Crystal Fruit that contained weak spatial power… He shouldn’t have too much hope.

“The key is not the worm silk, it’s mainly this.”

Shi Yu reached out his hand and prepared to teach the Green Silkworm the “Illusionary Phantom” skill.

The reason why he gave the worm silk a temporary spatial attribute was not to strengthen the worm silk, but to increase the compatibility between the Green Silkworm and the spatial system.

“Teach.”

Before the green worm could react, Shi Yu pressed his finger on its head.

The green worm lowered its head slightly.

At the same time, a large amount of white light gathered in its body and changed its physique.

In a short instant, countless experience and knowledge about illusions appeared in the green worm’s mind, giving it a splitting headache.

“Ji—”

A moment later, the green worm received and understood this super complicated skill with a shocked expression.

It looked at Shi Yu, who was stuffing divine beans in one hand and drinking the unknown liquid in the other. Just as it was at a loss, Shi Yu’s voice entered its heart.

[Absolute Sleep, dream quickly, manifest the Ice Dragon illusion.]

[From today onwards, you are no longer a green worm, but a worm of imagination.]

The Worm of Imagination that could summon dragons just by daydreaming!

“Ji!!” Receiving the Beast Tamer’s order. The Green Silkworm’s blood boiled, and it fell asleep confidently. After all, it had practiced all night yesterday.

It was very confident of success.

Then… Shi Yu stood there for about five minutes. Nothing happened. The Green Silkworm seemed to be sleeping soundly.

“…”

Dumb worm, if this was a battle, you would have died a hundred times. Who gave you five minutes to chant the skill?

Shi Yu was speechless, but when he recalled that it was essentially a green worm and not a dream beast, and that it had just learned its skill, he waited patiently.

Another five minutes passed.

Hu hu hu ~ ~

In front of Shi Yu, the space around the green worm’s body seemed to have distorted. The image of the green worm lying down and sleeping gradually disappeared and was replaced by an ice dragon… But it didn’t look like it at all. In fact, it was only about two meters wide. Something that looked like a blue lizard appeared in front of Shi Yu.

It spat out cold air and flapped its wings, its gaze revealing an extremely overbearing aura.

This was not a traditional illusion, but a corporeal illusion. This was a creature from the green worm’s dream. It had used the power of space to project itself onto itself and had successfully materialized!

Frost Lizard, go!

Shi Yu was speechless.

It seemed like it still had to train… Otherwise, it couldn’t even replicate its appearance 100%, let alone its strength. It couldn’t even scare people with its fake dragon might.

“Ji!”

“The Frost Dragon” roared.

At this moment, it felt invincible… Its strength had indeed grown much stronger than when it was the Green Silkworm!

“Well, you’re invincible. Go. Eleven’s over there. Challenge it.” As Shi Yu finished speaking, the Frost Lizard suddenly looked at the Panda King Eleven in training and charged over!

“Huh?”

“Ji!!!”