Chapter 83 - Ancient Capital University

Chapter 83: Ancient Capital University

In the training ground, Eleven, who was originally training well, suddenly felt a cold hostility around him.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Eleven:!!!

Without needing to turn its head, it used its super vision to see the situation in the distance.

The sleeping Green silkworm turned into an ice lizard for no reason, and then it strangely charged at it.

Because it was a substantial illusion, it was no different from a physical body, so even proficient super vision couldn’t tell anything wrong with it.

“Ji!”

Ice Lizard Roar! Let’s decide the winner, leader!

“Huh?”

This was the green silkworm? Eleven was in confusion.

[Be gentle,] Shi Yu said quietly.

Eleven was confused. Then, the Ice Lizard, which was twice as tall as Eleven, rushed over and swept its huge tail at Eleven!

Although the Ice Dragon in the sixth level of the ruins only knew Deterrence, Ice Splitting Claw, and Cold Breath, it still had some skills.

If the Green Silkworm transformed into this false Ice Dragon, it would probably only know how to fight in close combat.

But even so, it made the green worm inflate.

Phantom Illusion was a high-level skill after all. Even at entry-level, the feeling when it was used was completely different from the worm silk.

After transforming into the Ice Dragon Phantom, the Green silkworm felt that its physical strength had indeed become much larger. This was a feeling that it did not have when it used the worm silk.

However,

Bang!

The expanded Green Silkworm felt its huge tail hit a huge iron lump. Then, its tail was grabbed by someone, and its whole body was lifted up. It was directly thrown more than ten meters away and hit the training ground wall.

Eleven sighed…

Green Silkworm:… @ _ @|||||

The huge impact made the materialization of the Green Silkworm disappear directly, and in its place, a worm stuck to the wall and slowly slid down…

“Ji…”

The Beast Tamer lied. It couldn’t defeat it at all.

“Wuu—” Although Eleven didn’t know what happened, it still encouraged the Green Silkworm.

Actually, it was not bad!

Not bad, not bad. You’ve become a little stronger. Perhaps you can fight the country bumpkins and create havoc in the wild boar forest alone. You’re no longer that weak worm!

“It’s all fluff and no content… Report the Green Silkworm for feeding kills…” Shi Yu said.

In fact, he didn’t have many requirements for the Green Silkworm at the moment. He didn’t require strength. It was already very good if it could replicate the appearance of the Ice Dragon 100%.

At that time, he would teach the Green Silkworm another deterrence skill, the appearance of a dragon, and the might of a dragon. Wouldn’t that be enough! He could totally use it to scare people away.

At that time, he could also cosplay as an invincible Dragon Tamer.

“Ji…” The Green Silkworm slowly crawled up, feeling a huge blow to its heart.

In order to not let the green worm lose confidence, Shi Yu also knew how to play. He said, “Eleven, transform into your smallest form and practice with the green worm.”

The smallest form of Eleven was only about ten centimeters. At this moment, it was even smaller than a twenty centimeters green silkworm. At the same time, its strength would decrease greatly.

Facing the Green silkworm with the transcendent-level Invisibility Worm Silk, it was really worth exploring the outcome of the battle.

“Eh?”

Eleven didn’t understand the meaning of this order.

“Howl ~!” However, Eleven naturally carried out the Beast Tamer’s orders perfectly.

A moment later, it became more than ten centimeters tall and stood short on the huge training ground.

In the distance, after the Green Silkworm recovered its consciousness, it looked at Eleven, who was smaller than it, in a daze. Its small body was greatly puzzled.

Then, the two pets started the second battle…

To Shi Yu’s surprise, the green silkworm actually had the upper hand in such a battle.

Eleven, who had proficient super vision and could see through illusions, couldn’t see through the invisible worm silk at all.

Obviously, the spatial deceiving effect brought by the spatial silk of the transcendent level completely suppressed the expert level super vision.

At the same time, under the shrunken state, most of Eleven’s strength was sealed. Even Perfect Level Hardening couldn’t completely defend against the transcendent level spatial silk.

Although it could defend against most of the power, Eleven’s body would still be injured after being sliced. It needed to heal at a high speed to barely resist.

“Ji!!!”

As it looked at the pocket leader carefully dodging under its pursuit, the Green Silkworm felt that its worm life had reached its peak.

“Wuu!!!”

At the same time, Eleven’s desire to live was stimulated. He planned to defeat the worm in front of him in his smallest form.

“This seems to be… very effective?”

Looking at the two evenly matched little guys, Shi Yu fell into deep thought. Forget it, forget it. I’m so tired. I’ll sleep again.

He had just taught an illusion skill, and now he wanted to rest again.

“You guys continue, I’m going back to sleep.”

“There’s enough food and recovery items on the training ground. Eleven, if the Green Silkworm is injured, help treat it.”

“Wuu!” “Ji!”

After giving the instructions, Shi Yu turned around and went back to rest. As for the baby bear and the little worm, they seemed to have opened the door to a new world.

Eleven, in particular, felt invincible and lonely normally. But now, it couldn’t even suppress a worm in its shrunken state. This made Eleven find a new way to train himself.

Use the shrinking to restrict its own power and fight the enemy! Experience the joy of battle! Give yourself pressure!

If the enemy was strong enough, perhaps then would it earn the right to fight it at full power!

It hoped that the ice dragon transformed by the silkworm would be as strong as the ice dragon in the ruins… Only then would it be interesting.

At the same time, Buggy’s confidence returned. It planned to defeat the leader bit by bit, starting from the pocket version!

…

“Ah, sleep.”

Shi Yu pulled open the curtains and lay on the bed. Through the glass, he could see the situation of the training ground below.

Seeing that Eleven and Buggy were very hardworking, he felt that he had taught them well.

Just as Shi Yu was about to fall asleep, his cell phone rang again…

[Caller: Lu Qingyi]

Shi Yu was slightly stunned and chose to answer.

Then, he waited quietly for the other party to speak.

“I was outside previously.”

“Oh, oh.”

Shi Yu felt that communicating with this fellow required reading and understanding.

Previously, Shi Yu had reported the good news of clearing the ruins to Lu Qingyi and asked about plant-type pets.

However, Lu Qingyi only replied simply and perfunctorily before disappearing.

So what she meant was that because she was outside, the reply was relatively simple?

Shi Yu expressed his understanding. After all, in his previous life, when he went to explore the deep mountains and forests, even if there was still a signal, it often delayed him from replying to others.

“First of all, congratulations on cracking that small ruin.”

“It’s faster than I imagined. I heard that the difficulty of that trial ruin isn’t low. Looks like your listening talent has helped a lot, right?”

Lu Qingyi was gratified. Shi Yu’s talent was indeed not bad.

This was a trial-type ruin. Even if Shi Yu had 10,000,000 starting funds, she didn’t think Shi Yu could clear it quickly. After all, the iron-eating beast back then was still very weak.

Therefore, Lu Qingyi judged that Shi Yu most likely relied on his special talent to find clues to obtain the right to control the ruins.

Shi Yu :”…”

Shi Yu was a little embarrassed.

He only observed the first stage seriously for a while. Then, he relied on increasing points to reach the end…

“Well… I still have much to learn,” Shi Yu said humbly.

“How were the gains?” Lu Qingyi pointed to the gains in the ruins.

Shi Yu said, “The pets grow very quickly because of some special resources in the ruins. Now, their strength is very strong.”

“For example, the Iron-eating Beast. Not only is it about to reach level ten, but it has also learned new, rare skills.”

He secretly shifted the cause for Eleven and the Green Silkworm’s strength back to the ruins.

It was reasonable for pets to receive huge opportunities after successfully cracking the ruins.

Although it was true that Buggy had some resources because of this ruin.

“Well… From the looks of it, your chances of passing this year’s vocation assessment are even higher. I’m actually calling you to talk about what happens after this.”

“I want to invite you to study at the Archaeology Department of Ancient Capital University after the vocation assessment. This is also the school I studied in previously.”

“What do you think? Are you interested?”

Although Shi Yu had the talent to listen to the Voice of History, this talent was too random. As a member of Bureau 11, it was better for Shi Yu to have some basic and even advanced archeological knowledge.

This was also more beneficial for Shi Yu to investigate the history of Icefield City. At the same time, it would also help Shi Yu become her assistant in the future!

“School???” Shi Yu was stunned before looking conflicted.

Good lord, this girl was going to be his senior? Another senior?

“You hate school?”

“That’s not…” It was just that going to college twice felt a little strange, although the universities in this world were probably different from his previous life.

That was a top-level institute for Beast Tamers above the professional level to further their studies. The college entrance examination was a vocation assessment.

“The enrollment day of Ancient Capital University is after the vocation assessment, right? There are still four months left,” Shi Yu asked.

“Yes, but at the moment, the Beast Tamers of the various faculties in the ordinary high schools have basically graduated.”

“Therefore, the entire month of September is the opening day of Ancient Capital University. If you’re interested, you can take a look in advance and come into contact with the Beast Tamers in big cities. Otherwise, if you’re not prepared at all, I’m really worried that you won’t be able to pass the vocation assessment in Ancient Capital City…”

“Go and take a look. When the time comes, you can decide whether to participate in the vocation assessment in a first-level city or stay in Icefield City to participate in the vocation assessment.”

After all, the Beast Tamer domains in Ping Cheng and even Icefield City were too backward.

Although with Shi Yu’s talent, he could directly transfer classes and enter university through connections, Lu Qingyi still hoped that Shi Yu’s strength wasn’t too poor. It would be best if he could enter Ancient Capital University through the normal process. It was because of this that she recommended Shi Yu to go to a first-level city for the vocation assessment.

“Alright… September, right? I’ll take a look when I’m free.”

In other words, there were still two to three days?

“Well, as for the plant-type pet you mentioned before… I’m looking forward to it.”

Beside Lu Qingyi was a Pet Encyclopedia..

“It’s not that urgent…” Shi Yu said.” We can talk about it after the vocation assessment. ”

The greatest and most convenient use of the ruins space was still spatial equipment. With this, Shi Yu could bring many things with him. For example, before contracting the Green silkworm, he could store the Green silkworm here.

When he went to the wild and encountered danger, he could also hide in the ruins. If he didn’t encounter enemies who were proficient in space, he would be invincible. At the same time, staying here was safer than outside.

In addition, he could also carry the food worth a few months with him. He didn’t need to pack big or small bags wherever he went. On the contrary, farming only added an additional value to the ruins. It was indeed not a very urgent project.

“Alright.”

“Then I won’t disturb you anymore.” Lu Qingyi hung up and completed her notification.

At the same time, Shi Yu put down the phone and lay on the bed looking at the ceiling.

Ancient Capital… One of the nine major first-level cities of Dong Huang, which was also the nearest first-level city to Icefield City. It had legendary Beast Tamers and mythical level creatures presiding inside. It was a super metropolis, and there were many ancient ruins. It was a holy land for archeology…

Ruins? Archeological Holy Land?

Forget it, it was fine to go take a look in a few days. He had never left Icefield City, so he would just treat it as a trip.