Chapter 87 - The Beast-Eared Lady Is Here

Chapter 87: The Beast-eared Lady Is Here

The next day.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Shi Yu woke up feeling refreshed.

This was the most comfortable sleep he had in the past month.

It was more comfortable for him to cultivate himself than for his pets.

“Today…”

After washing up, Shi Yu switched on his phone and looked at the number Lu Qingyi had given him.

Shi Yu thought for a moment. Since Lu Qingyi had entrusted someone to show him around the school, it was a waste not to.

If he were to wander around by himself, he would really be confused. He might be stuck in the same place for the entire afternoon like yesterday without any gains.

“87237387…” Shi Yu dialed and planned on finding this guide for himself.

A long time later, a clear and experienced female voice sounded.

“Who is it?”

“Hello, this number was given to me by Senior Lu Qingyi…”

Just as Shi Yu was about to continue explaining, the other party immediately understood and said, “I understand. You plan on visiting Ancient Capital University?”

“Yes.”

“In an hour, I’ll wait for you outside the battlefield hall at Northern Campus District No. 18.”

Shi Yu scratched his head and could only agree silently.

Sigh, the other party didn’t give him a chance to say anything. Forget it, he’d ask later.

“Eleven, come out and rest!”

Just as he was about to leave, Shi Yu thought of something and shouted for Eleven, who was in the ruins bead. Without giving it a chance to refuse, he teleported Eleven out with his identity as the master of the ruin.

In the room, Eleven looked at Shi Yu in confusion.

“Wuu!”

This couldn’t do. If it didn’t work hard, it wouldn’t even be able to defeat Buggy.

“It’s alright, then I’ll also stop it from working hard.”

Shi Yu summoned the sleeping Green Silkworm and threw it into his backpack.

At the same time, he reminded the Green Silkworm, “Don’t go materializing illusions. Just sleep and dream today.”

Green Silkworm: “Zz…”

Eleven was silent. It still felt off, but Shi Yu’s hand had already grabbed the back of its neck.

After being grabbed by fate, Eleven revealed a bitter expression. It could only be forced to shrink to the point where it could lie on Shi Yu’s shoulder. Shi Yu threw it onto his shoulder.

“Training is very important, but so is increasing one’s horizons!”

“Do you know how many exciting battles you missed yesterday?” Shi Yu educated Eleven.

Eleven pricked up its ears and listened.

“As the saying goes, knowing one’s enemy and oneself is the only way to win a hundred battles. Growing experience is also a way to increase strength. From tomorrow onwards, you take two hours to train and memorize the Pet Encyclopedia with me.”

Eleven: Huh???

Eleven was confused. Wasn’t it enough that pets could fight? Why did they have to memorize books!

Isn’t that what Beast Tamers should do?

“You have to develop in all aspects!” Adding points saved Eleven a lot of training time. It wasn’t too much to ask it to memorize the information of thousands of pets.

With enough energy, it was definitely not a bad thing to develop fully without shortcomings.

It was way more convenient for Eleven to know the details of the enemy instead of letting him tell it.

In short, he could also let Eleven memorize it. Shi Yu felt that if he encountered questions he didn’t know how to do during the exam, he might even be able to ask Eleven.

As expected of him. This was the cultivation idea that was 80 versions ahead of this era.

…

Just like that, Shi Yu hung the baby bear on his shoulder and went out.

This was the first time Shi Yu had Eleven show up in such a manner, but it didn’t matter because the passers-by didn’t say anything as he walked past.

In such a big city, there were too many rare pets. Mutated pets, multicolored pets, pets wearing clothes, pets with a layer of makeup on by their owners, there were a bunch of strange pets that were rarely seen in Ping Cheng.

In contrast, the shrinking of Eleven on Shi Yu’s shoulder made many people directly treat it as an iron-eating beast cub that had developed pretty well in various aspects. It was just that simple.

He bought two ice creams by the roadside, one for himself, and eleven. Then, Shi Yu headed for the destination he had arranged with the other party.

He arrived 20 minutes earlier than yesterday. Although it was early in the morning, there were already many people outside the battlefield hall of Ancient Capital University.

[How is it? Do you feel that the pets nearby are all very strong?]

When they were bored, Shi Yu said to Eleven on his shoulder telepathically.

“Wuu.”

Eleven kept looking around and indeed discovered that there were many pets beside Beast Tamers with powerful energy waves.

However, Eleven didn’t know the exact strength, but perhaps it could be detected with expert-level deterrence?

[If you don’t want us to be beaten up, you better not do this.]

Good heavens, using group deterrence in such a place, wasn’t this a provocation? He would get beat up.

Shi Yu held his cell phone and checked the surrounding energy fluctuations. He couldn’t detect it at all.

This meant that the pets nearby were basically all above the transcendent level. Very few of them had Awakening Stage.

What did this mean?

Did this mean that the Beast Tamer level in the big city was very high? No, it meant that he should change his cell phone.

Although he had just bought this cell phone not long ago, it seemed to be insufficient at this time. If it was the next one… At least, it had to bring a higher-level combat power detector.

As for this phone, he would leave it to the Green Silkworm and Eleven!

They could do whatever they wanted with Ice Dragon movies or selfies.

Just as Shi Yu was considering whether he should change to a cell phone with a value above seven digits, his lousy cell phone rang.

“I’m under the streetlamp.” After Shi Yu picked up the call, a voice came from the other end.

“I see it.”

Shi Yu looked around and immediately saw a girl in combat shorts, short sleeves, and knee guards under the streetlamp nearby.

The other party wasn’t tall. She had short black hair, fair skin, and a small figure. It was a standard fitness figure without any extra fat.

It was this person?

Shi Yu walked over. The other party also saw Shi Yu and revealed an assessing gaze.

“You’re that Shi Yu that Senior Lu introduced?”

Shi Yu nodded and said, “Hello.”

The combat girl nodded and said, “Hello, I’m a student of Ancient Capital University’s battle department, Bai Xi. At the same time, I’m also a reserve member of Senior Lu’s archeological team. Since I’ve promised Senior Lu, I’ll show you around Ancient Capital University in the next two days.”

With that, she looked at Eleven, who was staring at her with dark circles under its eyes, and fell silent.

“You still seem to be a Beast Tamer traineeern?”

“Yes, is there a problem?”

“No, but do you have a place you thought of visiting?” Bai Xi asked.

“How about I give you a suggestion?”

Shi Yu was stunned and nodded.

“Then come with me.” Bai Xi smiled and said, “Actually, it’s not my suggestion, but Senior Lu’s suggestion.”

“Huh?”

“She said that if you come to me, I don’t have to bring you to the archeology department’s territory first. Instead, I’ll help you increase your strength.”

“My strength??”

Bai Xi didn’t say much. Instead, she quickly brought Shi Yu to a training ground on the side of the battlefield hall that wasn’t open to the public.

Then, she walked away from Shi Yu step by step. At the same time, a huge summoning array appeared, appearing not far from Bai Xi and Shi Yu.

“Wu’er!!!”

After a high and bright cry, a transcendent creature that looked like a fox, more than a meter tall, appeared. It was covered in white hair, had a pair of blue eyes, a proportionate body, and appeared noble and elegant. Six long and smooth tails surrounded it.

< Name > Six-tailed White Fox

[Attributes]: Light

[Race Level]: High-level commander

“Not the strength of your pet commanding, but the strength of your own body when facing the threat of your pet.”

As Bai Xi finished speaking, a white pillar of light condensed in the mouth of the six-tailed white fox she summoned. With a boom, it attacked Bai Xi under the stunned expressions of Shi Yu and Eleven!

Intermediate-level skill, Destruction Ray.

In an instant, Bai Xi’s entire body was swallowed by the light. A violent explosion occurred where he was, and even the ground exploded. Dust and strong wind were suddenly lifted, forcing Shi Yu, who was not far away, to take a step back.

“F*ck.” “Wu wu!!” The six-tailed white fox shook its tail and glanced at Shi Yu and the others, giving Shi Yu and Eleven a fright.

What happened?

“Just like this, in the face of the attack of supernatural creatures, as a Beast Tamer, do you have enough strength to protect yourself?”

At this time, from the smoke, Bai Xi’s voice came from the shattered ground. She directly withstood the Six-tailed White Fox’s Destruction Ray with her body. Her surroundings were in a mess, and she didn’t seem to have suffered any injuries at all.

“My Beast Taming Talent is’ Fusion ‘, so I can fuse with my pet to obtain a physical fitness that exceeds my own and that of my pet. It’s fine if you don’t have this Beast Taming Talent, but no matter what, a Beast Tamer has to master at least one type of pet in battle and can also ensure their own safety in combat skills.”

“In fact, protecting myself is only a part of the foundation. I can also have the strength to fight against pets. That’s the real safety. For example, in my current state, I can tear apart commander-level creatures with my bare hands.”

“Senior Lu said that you should apply to the Archaeology Department. Then, do you know that the most important thing in the Archaeology process is not professional archeology, but strength? Various ruins are filled with danger. Archeologists themselves don’t have enough strength. Even if they have more bodyguards, they can’t enter the door of this industry. This profession might not necessarily have lower requirements for overall strength than traditional professional Beast Tamers.”

As soon as she finished speaking, Shi Yu had already opened his mouth slightly. It was not because this strange woman had really resisted the pet skill, but because of her current appearance…

Her short black hair had completely turned into furry white short hair, and her eyes had also turned blue. There were also two more things that looked like cat ears or tiger ears!!

Special Fusion Beast Taming Talent?

This was the beast-eared girl?!