Chapter 92 - Archeology Ruined My Life

Chapter 92: Archeology Ruined My Life

The moment he saw this special symbol, Shi Yu made many connections. His feelings were especially complicated.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

At this moment, he even started to suspect that his transmigration was not an accident.

However, what made Shi Yu feel the most complicated was not these messy things.

Instead, it was the fact that regardless of his previous life or current life, he didn’t know what this symbol represented…

What a scam!

Shi Yu thought to himself that this was such a trap. If this symbol could be changed to Chinese, English, and Japanese, this would definitely be a fatal blow. Unfortunately, it wasn’t.

Therefore, at this moment, Shi Yu did not feel any nostalgia or familiarity, and was not touched in the slightest.

In addition, it was still unknown whether this symbol originated from Earth or this world.

Shi Yu tried to use his telepathy [Voice of History] talent to try and see if he could discover anything else.

Unfortunately, the opportunity didn’t come.

“Did you find anything?”

Lin Xiuzhu asked when he saw Shi Yu staring at the metal piece in a daze.

“Yes.”

Shi Yu looked away and said the explosive news.

“This might be a fragment of an ancient iron-eating beast.”

“What?” Everyone was confused.

Fragments of ancient iron-eating beasts? What did that mean?

They looked at Shi Yu in confusion, unable to understand how the armor fragment was related to the Iron-eating Beast.

“Because the evolved form of the iron-eating beast might be wearing such a layer of armor.”

“No, it’s not a layer of armor, but the two are one,” Shi Yu said.

He definitely couldn’t say that he had seen this symbol. Even if he did, he didn’t know what the symbol meant at all. It was meaningless.

However, apart from this discovery, Shi Yu also discovered something else. That was the color material of the metal piece. It felt like it was similar to the evolution traces in the iron-eating beast bloodline.

“Are you serious?” Lin Xiuzhu looked at Shi Yu with a stunned expression.

“The iron-eating beast evolved into a battle armor??”

“That should be the case…” Shi Yu looked at the archeology students and said,” Has the composition of this metal piece been tested? ”

“Not yet…” An archeology student said,” This might need to be used in the school’s laboratory, and the detection is relatively troublesome. It will take a long time. ”

This alloy that contained extraordinary metal resources was far more difficult to detect than the ordinary alloys on Earth. At the moment, research had yet to reach this stage.

“It’s alright. Next, please test its specific composition.”

“If the metal element contained in it can be detected, it might be an important part of solving the mystery of the iron-eating beast’s evolution.”

Shi Yu looked at the metal piece. Perhaps the Iron-eating Beast needed to eat similar metal materials to complete its evolution?

This metal piece was a huge discovery.

“Little Lin, contact the school.” Lin Xiuzhu looked at the short-haired girl in a brown archeological suit.

“Yes.” Little Lin nodded.

Lin Xiuzhu quickly understood Shi Yu’s meaning. After all, she was also an expert in iron-eating beasts.

“You want to use the composition of this metal piece to deduce the evolution materials of the iron-eating beast?” she asked.

“Yes, but it shouldn’t be that simple.” Shi Yu nodded.

“I don’t think it can complete evolution just by eating… I’m not sure what that symbol means.”

At this moment, when he heard the word “eat”, Eleven woke up in a daze and looked at the metal piece in the glass container with bright eyes.

“Huh?”

Food?

“No!” Shi Yu denied.

“Please take me to see other ancient artifacts and the ruins outside,” Shi Yu continued.

“Oh, oh, I’ll bring you there,” the archeologist who explained the basic information of the ruins to Shi Yu at the start said.

In the blink of an eye, after Shi Yu issued a mission to everyone, he rushed to the next location.

In the tent.

The other archeology students looked at the metal piece in the glass container and fell into deep thought.

Wait a minute, why did it feel like they were being led away by the new arrival, Shi Yu?

Shouldn’t it be Shi Yu who provided the information so that they could continue their investigation?

Why did it feel like Shi Yu was more concerned than them!

“I’ll contact the school first,” Little Lin said. Forget it, forget it. Let’s do it according to what Ji Yu said first. The metal piece was suspected to be a part of the iron-eating beast’s evolution form. It was indeed a bold guess that they had never imagined before.

…..

This iron-eating beast ruin was actually an underground ruin, and its integrity was not very high.

Shi Yu could only do a live investigation. However, it was more convenient that these people had already restored and organized some information.

“There are only pictures of ordinary iron-eating beasts in the murals, but no images of iron-eating beasts in battle armor??”

Shi Yu was slightly stunned after flipping through the information that had been organized.

Why?

Shi Yu decided not to think about the information that he could not confirm for the time being.

Then, he started to browse the special symbols recorded in those ruins.

Including the symbols on the metal piece, there were only nine special symbols added together.

However, because of the large number of repetitions, it looked a little more.

Six of the nine symbols looked familiar. He had definitely seen them on Earth.

As for the other three, they were a little unfamiliar, but from the style, these nine symbols were definitely a combination.

If that metal piece was really a part of the Iron-eating Beast’s evolution, was there any special meaning for such a symbol to be engraved and branded on the armor?

“Senior…”

Shi Yu studied it deeply and even kept trying to use his talent to see if he could see any scenes in his head.

However, he didn’t see the scene. Instead, he vaguely saw the panda senior.

Lin Xiuzhu had come to Shi Yu’s side at some point in time.

“I didn’t expect you to care so much about this ruin.” Lin Xiuzhu looked at the focused Shi Yu and couldn’t help but smile.

Previously, everyone thought that Shi Yu was here to provide information. However, who knew that after Shi Yu arrived, he was even more enthusiastic in researching ruins than these archeology students.

“Do you also want to understand the evolution path of the iron-eating beast?” asked the panda senior.

“I…” Shi Yu said,” Sort of. ”

In fact, he didn’t have much of an obsession with the iron-eating beast’s evolution. The reason why he was so concerned now was purely because he was curious.

He was curious about what this ruin represented and why there were symbols similar to those in a certain mythical system on Earth.

If he didn’t figure this out, Shi Yu felt that he wouldn’t be able to sleep well.

“Senior, you also want to know, right?” Shi Yu asked. One was Hall Master Lin Hongnian, while the other was Lin Xiuzhu. He felt that there was no one in Ping Cheng who wanted to know the evolution path of the iron-eating beast more than the two of them.

Lin Xiuzhu had a conflicted expression.

“Indeed, but after hearing you say that the Iron-eating Beast’s evolution might be after wearing battle armor, I…”

“I feel that if that’s the case, I won’t be able to sleep on the panda bed in the future… It’s a pity.”

Shi Yu: “?”

Good heavens, he was actually conflicted about the same reason as her!

Was this his soul mate or something?!

As expected, different pandas, same usage.

“Wuu!” Eleven let out a protest on Shi Yu’s thigh.

It had been hours since it last trained. It felt uncomfortable all over.

It had slept for several hours consecutively to accumulate physical strength, and now it urgently needed high-intensity training to release it.

No, it would be best if it was a battle!

“What’s wrong? Eleven can’t help but want to train again?” Lin Xiuzhu smiled. She knew Eleven very well.

Eleven: QAQ

“I actually came over to say that it’s getting late. Thanks to the news you brought, everyone has a new research direction. They want to invite you to have a meal together,” Lin Xiuzhu said.

Eat?

“Uh.” Shi Yu glanced at the time. It seemed to be getting late.

He clearly felt that it was time for dinner again after lunch.

“Of course…” Shi Yu rubbed his stomach.

Well, he couldn’t continue researching even if he was hungry. Food was more important.

Then, Shi Yu stopped thinking and touched Eleven at the same time. “Let’s go for a meal. After eating, I’ll let you train.”

In fact, he had wanted to let Eleven train for a long time, but this was the ruins of an Iron-eating Beast after all. He felt that if he carried Eleven with him, there might be a magical buff.

But now, it seemed that Eleven, this mascot, was a little weak in that aspect…

Eleven: (σ`・д・)σ “Then I’ll accompany you for a while more.”

Outside, when Shi Yu followed Lin Xiuzhu out, the other seven people were already waiting.

Everyone prepared to eat at the hotel at the foot of the mountain. As for this place, they would leave it to the pets to watch over.

If contracting a pet was not for the convenience of slacking off, it would be meaningless.

…

Dinner gathering was a very good way to communicate. Initially, Shi Yu wasn’t very familiar with everyone, but once he arrived at the dining table, he immediately communicated.

“What, you plan to apply to the Archeology Department of Ancient Capital University in the future?”

As everyone chatted, they talked about Shi Yu. Then, everyone finally understood why Shi Yu could be so focused in the afternoon.

So he was a future classmate, a junior with a clear goal.

“This faculty is a huge pit. Archeology ruins one’s life. Have you heard of it?”

Zheng Yingjie, the archeologist who often took the initiative to answer Shi Yu’s questions, said with a look of grief. He was the leader of this archeological team.

The other archeology students also nodded. Lin Xiuzhu wanted to laugh but didn’t dare to.

“Ah? So tragic?”

“If you don’t like it, why did you apply for this department…”

Shi Yu drank a mouthful of soup to calm himself down. He wanted to hear the suggestion of these seniors.

Lin Yu’er, who had the same surname as Panda, said, “Probably wasn’t in my right mind?”

In fact, although the ultimate goal of archeology was to restore the truth of history, how many young people had such high thoughts?

Archeology was popular in this world because there were many secrets hidden in the ancient ruins, and even opportunities from the Mythical Era.

Because some lucky people obtained opportunities from these ruins and quickly rose, this industry immediately attracted many people who thought they were children of destiny.

There were very few people who really wanted to restore history to the truth.

Most people entered this industry hoping to get some benefits from the ancient ruins.

In addition, the Archeology Department was indeed the trump card specialization of Ancient Capital University. Its resource allocation was even higher than the Combat Department, so many people immediately applied for it on impulse.

However, after learning this specialization, they realized how difficult it was. How could ruins with opportunities be so easy to find?

Most of the time, they could only stare at the pile of antiques in a daze and learn some skills and knowledge that were useless in battle…

Because of this, although there were a lot of applicants to the Archeology Department of Ancient Capital University every year, the number of subsequent transfers to specializations was also very large…

“The Feeding Department is actually very good. It’s also very relaxed and comfortable. The Medical Care Department is also not bad. There are many young sisters. Although it’s a little tiring for the Combat Department and we have to train every day, strength is the capital of the Beast Tamer. In the future, if we can represent the school to participate in the national competition, that would be considered to have made it big. After all, it’s a competition that’s the focus of everyone in the country… No matter what, it’s better than the archeology department that deals with antiques and ancient tombs,” a fat student sighed.

The others also expressed their views separately, indicating that they regretted applying to the Archeology Department.

For these few people to successfully enter the ace specialization of Ancient Capital University, they must be very talented. Every single one of them was probably a professional Beast Tamer who became a Beast Tamer before 20 years old. However, it was just such a bunch of geniuses. At this moment, there was only regret in their hearts, extreme regret!

When Shi Yu heard that, he was immediately stunned. Good heavens, they were all guys who were unhappy with their profession.

Were archeology departments really that lousy?

“But in my experience…” Lin Xiuzhu said silently,” This state of yours is too common. Actually, the students from the Combat, Feed, Research, and Medical Departments who applied also feel that their specializations are not good…”

To put it bluntly, in essence, it was just liking the new and hating the old.

Lin Xiuzhu cursed in his heart. If you guys had been more serious when investigating the ruins, the research progress wouldn’t have been so slow!

During the investigation of the ruins, this group of people had to spend half the time lazing around and training their pets. Their professionalism was not very good!

Lin Xiuzhu felt that if she was a teacher, she would definitely let them fail the subject.

“In any case, if I’m given another chance, I’ll definitely choose the right battle department!” Zheng Yingjie sighed and said, “Let’s see if there’s a chance to change specializations in the future.”

Shi Yu :”…”

Archeology was a tough profession.

If he didn’t like it at all, it was normal for him to not be able to hold on.

“But I feel that if we find something from this ruins investigation, maybe we can stay in the Archeology Department?” A long-faced senior analyzed.

“Let’s follow Junior Brother Shi Yu’s train of thought first. Perhaps we might really gain something,” said Lin Yu’er.

Zheng Yingjie nodded. “If we can really cooperate with Senior Lin to research the evolution of the Iron-Eating Beast, I feel that our university career is stable. We can even use this for our graduation research.”

Listening to the discussion of the crowd, Shi Yu immediately overturned his views on the Archeology Department of Ancient Capital University.

He named the archeological team led by Zheng Yingjie “Archeological Seven Elites”.

“In short, I have to thank Junior Shi Yu this time. Haha.” Zheng Yingjie smiled and said, “When you come to Ancient Capital University in the future, we’ll look after you.”

Without the evolutionary information provided by Shi Yu, it was really difficult for them to carry out subsequent research.

“Thank you…” Shi Yu felt that it was unreliable.

He felt that although this group of people was the cream of the crop in dozens of second-tier cities around Ancient Capital, super geniuses,

But in Ancient Capital University, each of them would probably be a classic bad=grades student…

He felt that there was no future for him to cozy up to them after school, so he might as well cozy up to the beast-eared girl.

It was obvious that the vice president of the battle club was an influential figure in school.

“Junior, when do you plan to apply for the next year of the Ancient Capital University?” the chubby senior asked.

“I heard from Senior Lin that that Iron-eating Beast is your initial pet, but I think its growth level hasn’t reached transcendent?”

“No, I plan to participate in the vocation assessment this year.”

“There are still four months. It should be on time. Although its growth level is slightly low, its combat power is alright,” Shi Yu explained.

The fat senior was stunned. “You’re confident, pretty good! Speaking of which, what’s the difference between an Iron-eating Beast that has awakened an ancient bloodline and an ordinary Iron-eating Beast? The difference is only in the multiplication skill??”

“I’m a hundred million points curious. How about it? Do you want to have a friendly spar after dinner? I also have a new pet that hasn’t reached the transcendent level here. At the same time, let us understand the information of iron-eating beasts with ancient bloodlines. This way, we can also write more information in our homework…”

“Huh.” Fatty’s words stunned the surrounding archeology students. Oh right, this fatty was smart. He knew not to let go of any possible information for his university homework.

Shi Yu’s Little-Eating Iron Beast that had awakened an ancient bloodline was the entry point for the subsequent research of this ruin. It was definitely not wrong to want to understand it.

“Battle?” Lin Xiuzhu curled his lips and said, “Why do I feel that you want to bully your junior?”

A new pet cultivated by a professional Beast Tamer and a trainee Beast Tamer’s pet. Although they were at the same level, the cultivation level would definitely be completely different!

The fat senior had an innocent expression and said, “No, I purely want to perfect my homework. If my homework doesn’t meet the requirements, I’m going to fail this year… I’ll also guide my junior. The vocation assessment is very difficult now. I’ve been through this before.”

“Huh?” Before Shi Yu could say anything, Eleven suddenly stuck its head out of Shi Yu’s pocket.

It sensed the aura of battle.

Shi Yu looked down and was immediately speechless.

“It’s fine, it’s fine.” Shi Yu could only say, “My Iron-eating Beast has also slept for the whole day. I just want to move around. It’s not a problem to spar with senior later.”