Chapter 93 - The Beginning Of The Iron-Eating Beast’S Increase In Value

Chapter 93: The Beginning of the Iron-eating Beast’s Increase in Value

“Look, even Junior doesn’t have any objections!”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The fat senior’s name was Wang Le, and he was also an unlucky fellow who had accidentally entered the archeology department.

After choosing this faculty, he realized that he didn’t like it at all.

Beast Tamers from other faculties only needed to train their pets. They also had to learn various archeological knowledge and use various instruments. It was simply troublesome.

He never thought that he would have to face the threat of failing his subjects after entering university… He originally thought that it would be heaven after entering university, but who knew that it was the beginning of pain.

“There seems to be a battlefield on the way here,” Wang Le said.

A big city was a big city. Even if it was just the suburbs, battlefields were still everywhere.

“Wu wu wu.”

At this moment, Eleven had already climbed onto Shi Yu’s shoulder in anticipation and looked at Senior Wang Le.

“Then let’s fight.”

When the other seniors saw that the cute little Iron-eating Beast was restless, they also smiled and cheered on. They wanted to see what was so extraordinary about the Iron-eating Beast that had awakened an ancient bloodline.

At the side, Lin Xiuzhu was speechless.

Forget it, since Shi Yu has agreed, it was fine as long as they were happy.

Since Shi Yu could conquer the ruins of Ping Cheng, his strength should not be weak… He wouldn’t lose too badly.

It was obvious that the panda senior still didn’t know the difficulty of the next few stages in the Ping Cheng Ruins. Otherwise, she definitely wouldn’t be worried about Shi Yu…

…

At this moment, everyone was almost done eating. After dinner, it was time to relax.

Because they had a target, everyone started to head towards the battlefield.

“Wang Le, I think you should let your junior not use his Beast Taming Talent during the battle later,” Zheng Yingjie said.

Apart from the difference in pet cultivation, the greatest difference in battle power between high-level and low-level Beast Tamers was the development of Beast Taming Talent.

It wasn’t impossible for a high-level Beast Tamer who had the talent to strengthen and develop a perfect Beast Tamer to use his talent to increase the battle power of an Awakening Stage pet by several times.

Fatty Wang Le had clearly been a professional Beast Tamer for a while. His development and use of his Beast Taming Talent was definitely not something a newbie like Shi Yu could compare to.

“It’s alright, it’s alright,” Shi Yu said. “It’s fine as long as it’s a normal battle. My Iron-eating Beast’s strength isn’t weak.”

“Senior, if you underestimate us, be careful.”

Shi Yu had no intention of taking advantage of the situation. Firstly, he believed that Eleven wouldn’t lose to a pet of the same level. Secondly, he didn’t think it was necessary. After all, it wasn’t an important battle. Even if he lost, he would treat it as increasing his horizons and accumulating experience.

Be careful?

At that moment, when he heard Shi Yu’s words, Wang chuckled.

How was that possible? If he could fail in a battle with a newbie, he would directly retire on the spot.

The other seniors also smiled, thinking that Shi Yu clearly still didn’t know the difference between a high-level Beast Tamer and a low-level Beast Tamer.

“Don’t worry, I know what to do,” Wang Le said.

In a short while, the nine of them arrived at the nearby battlefield. There were really quite a lot of people here.

However, judging from their age, most of them were high school students. They had already entered the holidays, and many Beast Tamers liked to pile up on the battlefield to kill time and train themselves.

The renting of the battlefield area was very smooth. The venue also sent a judge. Although Wang Le and the others felt that there was no need to use any judge, this was an inevitable process.

“It’s actually a top student from Ancient Capital University. Why is he here to battle?” At this moment, the judge was still puzzled. Logically speaking, even he himself couldn’t defeat a student from Ancient Capital University. This judge was really feeling some pressure.

“Don’t worry, Brother. With us watching, there won’t be a problem. We’ll just borrow the venue,” said the head of the Archeological Seven Elites, Little Zheng.

Apart from Shi Yu, the nine of them were all professional Beast Tamers. Moreover, they weren’t ordinary beginner-level Beast Tamers. A battle in the Awakening Stage was completely trivial.

“Then I’ll leave it to you.” The judge smiled awkwardly.

At this moment, after renting the venue, the main owner, Wang Yue, and Shi Yu, arrived at the two sides of the venue. The others were watching from the periphery and even prepared to record the battle process. After all, these were precious homework materials.

The judge was in the middle. He looked at Wang Yue and Shi Yu on both sides. After moistening his throat, he said, “The rule is 1VS1 Singles Battle.”

“Then, please send out your pets at the same time. Listen to my command and start the battle!”

As the judge finished speaking, Eleven, who was on Shi Yu’s shoulder, jumped down eagerly. It had never stayed in the Beast Taming Space, so it saved the summoning segment.

After clumsily walking onto the arena, Eleven’s heart surged. It could finally exercise…

“Rock Rhino!”

It saved Shi Yu a lot of trouble. As for Senior Wang Le, he still had to summon it.

“Roar!!!!”

As the wind howled, the countless light dots in front of Senior Wang Le instantly connected into a huge summoning array that looked like a star map.

A shocked roar came from the array at the same time, attracting the attention of passers-by.

“White Summoning Diagram, Intermediate Beast Tamer!” At this moment, passers-by were immediately attracted by the situation here and were shocked.

Professional Beast Tamers were divided into primary, intermediate, and advanced levels. Just like the transparent texture of the summoning array that the Beast Tamer connected to the Beast Taming Space, the Beast Tamer’s summoning array was also divided into different colors: gray, white, and green.

Therefore, when passers-by saw the color texture of the summoning array on Wang Le’s side, they immediately deduced that the level of his Beast Taming Space was at least level three, and it could also be an intermediate-level Beast Tamer!

Rock Rhino!

As for the pet Wang Le sent, it was also very strong.

It was brown all over, like a giant rhinoceros standing on two feet. It was more than two meters tall. Be it its body, limbs, or huge tail, it looked strong and powerful. Its ferocious expression coupled with its rock-like body made it look very menacing.

< Name > Rock Rhino

[Attributes]: Earth

[Race Level]: Mid-level commander

[Race Skill]: Flying Rock (Low-level), Rock Transformation (Low-level), Earth Entanglement (Mid-level), Rock Explosion (Mid-level), Earth Collapsing (High-level)

The moment the Rock Rhino appeared, the hearts of these Beast Trainers shook.

A super pet of a middle-rank commander species!

This Beast Tamer was so rich!

“Junior, my Rock Rhino’s current growth level is Level 10 Awakening,” Wang Le said from behind the Rock Rhino.

“My Iron-eating Beast is also about to awaken level ten.”

On Shi Yu’s side, Eleven was already standing in the arena. However, because it was still in a shrunken state, the passers-by didn’t notice it for a while.

Only when they carefully observed did the passers-by discover that there was indeed such a small Iron-eating Beast sitting opposite the Rock Rhinoceros.

“Why is that Iron-eating Beast so small… a cub?”

Iron-eating Beast, mid-level transcendent race… The race was a major level lower than the Rock Rhinoceros.

At this moment, although the passers-by discovered that Wang Le’s level was very high, it seemed that both parties were training their new pets at the moment. The pets they sent had yet to reach the transcendent level.

Moreover, the state of this Iron-eating Beast was really a little strange. Because it was too small, it was a sharp contrast to the giant rock giant rhinoceros opposite.

This caused many Beast Trainers who passed by to have no idea what the situation of the battle was or what they wanted to do.

Even the judge on the battlefield didn’t know what exactly these people were doing here.

However, they would know very soon. The judge started the battle!

“Junior, you guys attack first!” Senior Wang Le said politely.

“Then, Senior, we’ll do our best.” Shi Yu was not polite.

The Rock Rhinoceros of the middle-level commander species had at least mastered a high-level skill. Coupled with the command of an intermediate-level Beast Tamer like Wang Le, its strength was definitely not weak. They couldn’t be sloppy on their side.

[Eleven, multiplication, full battle power!]

Shi Yu immediately commanded.

At this moment, the passers-by and other seniors, including Senior Wang Le and the Rock Rhinoceros, were still looking at the little Iron-eating Beast with a smile, not realizing the seriousness of the problem at all.

However, in the next second.

“Wuu!!!!”

As Eleven let out a battle cry, its body continued to expand, expand, and expand. Under the surrounding ripples, it became a huge beast nearly ten meters tall in the blink of an eye!!

The Iron-eating Beast, which was as tall as a three-story building, looked at the Rock Rhinoceros in front of it with a deep gaze. Its long black and white hair fluttered without wind, and its entire body seemed to contain explosive power.

This change stunned the senior archeologist.

“Gulp.”

On the other side, the Rock Rhino felt the shadow and gulped.

The other passers-by were also stunned, not knowing what had suddenly happened.

What was going on? It… it became bigger?

“Do you have to be so fierce?” Wang Le was suddenly stunned!

F*ck! Why did it become so big!

He knew that Shi Yu’s Iron-eating Beast had mastered multiplication, but the skill of multiplication was actually very particular.

It was equivalent to a combination skill of shrinking and enlarging. There were two development directions.

One was to pursue shrinking it to recover physical fitness, and the other was to pursue enlarging it to increase battle power!

Pets would also consume different energy according to the different development directions.

Shi Yu’s Iron-eating Beast could shrink so much before it reached the transcendent level. Wang Le originally thought that Shi Yu and the others would first develop a shrinking form, so that it would be easier for their daily training.

As for the giant form, the physical fitness of a pet in the Awakening Stage could not support that kind of training consumption at all. Generally, trainee Beast Tamers would choose to develop it in the future.

After all, this was a high-level skill. How could it be so easy to get both?

However, who knew that when it came to Shi Yu, shrinking and expanding were delayed at all. They actually developed to an extremely high level.

This didn’t make sense. Multiplication was a high-level skill! Wang Le’s face darkened. Even his Rock Rhino hadn’t had the time to develop the proficiency of a high-level skill.

Could Shi Yu and his panda use it well??

“Eleven, harden!”

Shi Yu continued to give the order. In the next moment, the huge Eleven palm slammed towards the Rock Rhinoceros.

“Rock Transformation, Rock Explosion!”

Wang Le’s heart skipped a beat, and he immediately gave the order.

On the field, the Rock Rhino’s entire body was instantly covered in rock material. At the same time, it waved its stone palm covered in rock material and resisted Eleven’s huge palm.

Rock Transformation was similar to hardening, but it was an earth-type skill. This Rock Rhino had clearly developed this skill to expert level!

As for Rock Explosion.

[Rock Explosion]: Intermediate skill, Creating Explosion Rock, using the destructive power of the rock explosion to deal huge damage to the enemy!

On Wang Le’s side, he chose the combination skill of Rock Transformation and Rock Explosion to face this combination skill of Giant Transformation and Hardening!

Bang!!!

However, the power of the two was completely different. The moment the eleven palms made contact with the Rock Explosion of the Rock Rhinoceros, a violent explosion was triggered from the point of contact. Then, accompanied by a wave of smoke, the Rock Rhinoceros was directly sent flying a few meters by Eleven!

Their strength was on a completely different level!

This was also normal. After all, although the Rock Rhino was strong, its strength and physical strength were far inferior to the ice dragons suspected to be overlords. Eleven could even fight against ice dragons of the same level, let alone a pet of a commander race.

“Damn, is Wang Le going to fail?”

At this moment, seeing that Wang Le’s Rock Rhinoceros was sent flying by the Iron-eating Beast in a single exchange, Zheng Yingjie and the others widened their eyes.

How did this Iron-eating Beast develop its multiplication skill to such a high-level and perfect level!

Could this be the talent of the ancient bloodline Iron-eating Beast?

“Probably not…”

Everyone continued to watch. The Rock Rhinoceros’s defense was indeed powerful. At this moment, it could actually continue to stand up. Under Wang Le’s nervous orders, countless flying rocks condensed around it, and more than ten rock cannons that were like cannonballs smashed towards the huge Eleven!

With Eleven’s size, even if it had super vision, it couldn’t dodge at this moment.

However, there was no need to dodge. The advantage of Perfect Level Hardening immediately appeared. The Hardening Material flowed on Eleven’s huge body at a high speed. Whichever part of Eleven’s body the Flying Rock hit, the body part would immediately harden and undergo perfect resistance.

Bang! Bang! Bang! A few flying rocks shattered when they touched Eleven’s body, but Eleven was still unscathed.

Eleven used its super vision to determine the landing point of the attack and completed the resistance of the attack with the smallest consumption. At the same time, during the resistance, it also launched the next round of attacks under Shi Yu’s command.

“Thunder Palm!” Shi Yu ordered.

As soon as he finished speaking, Eleven’s hardening substance flowed and superimposed on the huge palm. With a sizzling sound, the black substance of the huge palm and the blue-white dazzling lightning formed a very dazzling combination skill.

“Perfect Level Hardening, what the f*ck???”

At this moment, after discovering the abnormality, Wang Le was completely stunned. He didn’t understand why an Iron-eating Beast had such a high proficiency skill.

It wasn’t just him. Lin Xiuzhu was also at a loss.

Because only she knew how old Eleven was… a year old, and a perfect level racial skill?

What a joke!

What had Shi Yu and the others experienced during the month when she wasn’t in Ping Cheng?

At the same time, the most terrifying thing was that Eleven had also completed the combination skill with Perfect Level Hardening as the core. This scene made Wang Le subconsciously use his Beast Taming Talent.

If he didn’t use it now, he would be destroyed!

In fact, at this moment, Wang Le even wanted the Rock Rhinoceros to use high-level skills to fight the enemy. However, the reality was that high-level skills usually awakened very late. Moreover, with the physical fitness of pets in the Awakening Stage, it was impossible to support the training of high-level skills. Therefore, they had yet to start practicing the skill called Landslide!

“F*ck.” Wang Le gritted his teeth and used his maximum Earth Strengthening talent to help the Rock Rhinoceros strengthen its strength.

Countless earth elements surged around him, transforming into a brown light that connected him to the Rock Rhinoceros.

Boom!

Under the shocking fluctuations, the Rock Rhinoceros’s aura rose steadily, and sand and rocks filled the surroundings.

The next moment, the rock transformation skill that was comparable to or even exceeded perfect hardening instantly covered the Rock Rhinoceros’s entire body. Moreover, with a roar, the Rock Rhinoceros continued to use Rock Explosion to fight the enemy.

However, facing Eleven, who could tear apart dragons of the same level with its bare hands in its current state… Even if Wang Le used his Beast Taming Talent, the Rock Rhino still couldn’t seem to withstand this powerful attack.

“Roar!!!”

Under the struggling roar of the Rock Rhinoceros, even if its own attributes were very resistant to lightning, its body was still instantly flattened the moment it came into contact with Eleven. The ground under its feet almost instantly cracked. Accompanied by a huge explosion, the dazzling power of lightning covered the Rock Rhinoceros’s entire body, turning its whole body black!

Thump.

In the next second, the Rock Rhino’s entire body fell numbly onto the shattered arena, losing its ability to fight!

Victory and defeat had been decided!

No one expected that the battle between a middle-level transcendent iron-eating beast and a middle-level commander rank rock giant rhinoceros would actually be such a one-sided situation.

Shi Yu had an innocent expression. He had already said not to look down on the iron-eating beast. They should have been more serious from the start and gone all out.

As the Rock Rhino fell to the ground, Wang Le was stunned.

The expressions of the other archeology students also changed a hundred million points.

The passerby and judge were even more shocked. This was a f*cking Iron-eating Beast?

What was going on in this battle? Why couldn’t he understand the accompanying moves??

Just now, Wang Le seemed to have used his Beast Taming Talent? Even so, he was still smashed by this Iron-eating Beast?

Holy shit.

Everyone looked at the little Iron-eating Beast that had shrunk back again like it was leaking air and had a satisfied expression. They were confused.

The senior from the archeology department was speechless. This was an Iron-eating Beast that had awakened its ancient bloodline??

It was too strong.

Was it too late to contract an Iron-eating Beast to nurture it now???

If they could awaken his ancient bloodline too, he would be rich!

How was this like a pet of a transcendent race? Even a monarch’s pet was only so-so!

“Wang Le seems to be stunned on the spot.”

“I knew that he would fail. He lost to a Beast Tamer intern. He probably has to give us a large sum of hush money. His intestines must be green with regret now. He regrets why he went for a fight…”

“Senior Lin, do you still sell your Iron-Eating Beasts at the dojo?”

The panda senior watched and listened in silence. Why was this outcome different from what she had expected…

Although she didn’t know what had happened, she felt that her Iron-eating Beast’s price was about to increase.