Chapter 98 - Iron-Eating Beast’S Second Stage Evolution Method

Chapter 98: Iron-eating Beast’s Second Stage Evolution Method

“What skill?!”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

As Lin Hongnian spoke, everyone was stunned and then quickly asked.

Good lord.

Apart from the deterrence skill that would definitely be awakened when its growth level reached the monarch level, it had actually awakened three new skills in one go. It seemed that the evolution this time had improved the Iron-eating Beast’s race by a lot!

The key now was the level of these three new racial skills.

After a pet evolved, one of the most direct ways to determine the pet’s new potential was to see if its newly awakened racial skills were strong!

“I…”

As he received the feedback from the iron-eating beast, Lin Hongnian was so excited that he couldn’t say anything.

“Three new skills, one mid-level, one high-level, and one super!”

Things were taking off!

“Stop beating around the bush! Tell me!” Lin Xiuzhu couldn’t help but glare at her father.

“Intermediate-level skill is Giant Transformation!”

Skill: Giant Transformation

Skill Level: Intermediate

< Introduction > It’s a special ability. It can expand the body. Under the enlarged state, the energy consumption will increase and the strength will increase.

Everyone: “?”

Shi Yu: “?”

This mid-level skill was actually not bad. Lin Hongnian was very satisfied at the start.

However, as he saw the strange expressions of everyone, he suddenly realized that something was wrong.

He looked at the shrunken Eleven on Shi Yu’s shoulder and fell into deep thought.

Eleven: Sob (¬‸¬)?

“Wait!!”

Lin Hongnian suddenly said, “Why can Iron-eating Beasts who have awakened their ancient evolution bloodlines learn the multiplication of the high-level version of Giant Transformation, while Iron-eating Beasts who have truly evolved can only awaken Giant Transformation??”

He discovered the blind spot.

Everyone also looked at Shi Yu and Eleven, causing Shi Yu to fall into deep thought.

Amazing…

Senior Panda and the others had been imagining the ancient evolution form. In the end, the Iron-eating Beast really awakened a similar skill?

What was this evolution up to, going so half hearted with the giant skill?

“Perhaps Eleven’s talent is better? Hall Master Lin, you can bring the Iron-eating Beast to soak in the holy spring when you have time,” Shi Yu suggested.

If the Ancient Life Tree let him.

Lin Hongnian was silent.

“What about high-level and super-level skills???” Lin Xiuzhu asked.

Lin Hongnian no longer thought about the trouble of enlarging and multiplying. He took a deep breath and said, “High-level skill, Impregnable, of the metal element. Super-level skill, Inner Power, of the metal element!”

Skill: Impregnable

Skill Level: Advanced

[Introduction]: A metal-type skill. The user is protected by the metal-type power, increasing resistance to all types of skills.

This was a hardening upper-level skill.

Hardening usually only had a relatively good resistance to physical attacks, but Impregnable was different. Along with various elemental attacks, control skills, and skills targeting the spirit and soul, it had an extremely high resistance effect.

It could be said that it was a comprehensive skill that increased the Iron-eating Beast’s ability to take hits.

Skill: inner Power

[Skill Level]: Super Level

< Introduction > It’s a metal-type skill. It can enter a reserved state and assess the source of its power. It can accumulate power that exceeds its own limit and won’t affect its own state. Under the sharp state, it can multiply the power accumulated and increase its attack power by several times, but it will pose a certain burden to the body.

“Holy shit.”

After Hall Master Lin finished speaking, Dean Hao, Dean Li, and Mentor Ding were still alright, but Qi Yingjie was immediately shocked.

“He actually awakened the skill of Inner Power?” Zheng Yingjie opened his mouth wide.

This skill could be said to be a divine skill of the metal element.

Firstly, this skill could maximize the improvement of the pet’s physical fitness!

Ordinary pets would be full after eating one energy crystal and wouldn’t be able to eat anymore. But after mastering the skill of converging sharpness, it was completely no problem for pets to eat ten or a hundred energy crystals.

In addition, the pets would not be unable to digest it, nor would they waste the power of the energy crystal. Instead, they would store this energy steadily in their bodies.

In battle, be it mobilizing this stored power slowly or erupting in one go, it could be done.

This was the most classic battle skill. Not only could it allow pets to have hidden physical fitness that far exceeded creatures of the same level, but it could also give pets the power to fight above their level!

“Hardening, Giant Transformation, Impregnable, Inner Power…”

“After the Iron-eating Beast evolved, it was simply a super battle beast born for battle, no, for war,” Dean Hao sighed. Director Li and Mentor Ding agreed deeply.

At this moment, the Archeological Seven Elites rubbed their hands in envy.

Senior Panda was also a little excited. Her body trembled continuously.

Awakening a super skill after evolution meant that the current iron-eating beast’s racial potential level was definitely above the monarch level.

Could her Iron-eating Beast become so strong in the future?

“Wuu!!!” Lin Hongnian’s Iron-eating Beast was also very excited. It felt that endless power was bursting out of its body!

It glanced at Eleven, wanting to feel the envy of its own kind…

“Sob.” However, Eleven shook his head.

It just had three more skills. Eleven had nothing but skills! He had too much!

Iron-eating Beast:…

At this moment, the happiest person was Lin Hongnian himself.

“Inner Power.”

He smiled and looked at the iron-eating beast.

The Iron Eater nodded.

Then, under everyone’s gaze, it returned to its previous appearance before evolution.

The armor on his body disappeared, and its body size returned to normal.

This was the reserved effect of a transcendent skill’s ability to restrain its edge, which was to put away its own edge.

“Can one return to their pre-evolution state?!”

Shi Yu had been silent all this while, but at that moment, he was suddenly stunned. His eyes widened.

“Yeah, this is the magical thing about this super skill.” Director Li chuckled.

“It’s simply a divine skill to “pretend to be a pig to eat a tiger”. Speaking of which, if it’s used in combination with the shrinking of your Iron-eating Beast, will it have any miraculous effect?”

After being stunned, Shi Yu’s emotions finally fluctuated.

Damn, this restrained state could actually devolve?

Was it that good?

“Great!” At the same time, Lin Xiuzhu could not help but shout.

In this way, wouldn’t the Iron-eating Beast have two forms??

In the future, she seemed to be able to let the iron-eating beast evolve without any worries.

Only, it was a pity that the Iron-Eating Beast would only expand after evolution and not shrink. She was very hungry for Eleven’s multiplication skill.

“Looks like we don’t have any worries anymore…”

Shi Yu also had the same thought as Lin Xiuzhu.

At this moment, even if it evolved, there was still the Panda Accessory and the Panda Bed!

It was indeed a divine skill!

Shi Yu hinted at Eleven on his shoulder. He felt that he still had to spend money and add points…

Eleven: Sob.

At this moment, everyone looked at Hall Master Lin’s iron-eating beast with mixed emotions.

Perhaps this was the first iron-eating beast to evolve in this era?

Lin Hongnian Hall Master was about to be famous. Shi Yu, who had discovered the Iron-eating Beast’s evolution path, was also going to be famous!

Everyone was filled with emotions, but at this moment, Shi Yu suddenly thought of something and felt that the matter wasn’t over.

“Wait!”

Shi Yu suddenly looked at Hall Master Lin and said, “Do you want to try carving a special symbol on a metal-eating beast?”

“I still feel that the inscription symbol is the key to the iron-eating beast’s transformation again, and not as simple as the tribal mark.”

Stunned, Hall Master Lin nodded and chose to believe Shi Yu.

“But how should I carve it?”

Shi Yu suggested, “Hardened claws.”

When everyone saw that Shi Yu was so determined, they couldn’t help but raise their spirits again.

Could it be that there was something special about that symbol?

“Then let’s try it according to Shi Yu.”

Now that the evolution method Shi Yu had confirmed had been proven, trusting Shi Yu again didn’t seem to be a big deal.

Director Hao brought over a metal piece.

The Iron-eating Beast also returned to its huge armed form.

At this moment, the Iron-eating Beast looked at the special symbol on the metal piece and then looked at its armor, falling into deep thought.

Were they really going to carve this thing?

“Let’s give it a try.” Lin Hongnian laughed and said indifferently. Whether it was successful or not, carving it was nothing.

“Wuu!!”

The Iron-eating Beast nodded and hardened its claws. As if copying it, it followed the special symbols on the metal plate and started to carve symbols on the armor…

Screech!

However, in the next second, an unexpected scene appeared.

The iron-eating beast’s sharp claws, which had been enhanced by Transcendent Level Hardening, actually couldn’t leave any marks on the armor at all!

One had to know that the current armor had not been hardened and strengthened.

“It’s that hard?” Director Li was slightly shocked.

This defense…

Without using any skills, its body’s strength had exceeded transcendent?

Was it going to compete with a giant dragon in physical fitness?

Screech!

“Wuu!!”

The iron-eating beast’s expression changed. It tried again, but it still couldn’t carve it at all.

“Looks like I have to carve it with something harder.” Dean Hao fell into deep thought.

While everyone was shocked by the defensive power of the iron-eating beast’s armor, only the iron-eating beast, Lin Hongnian, and Shi Yu’s expressions were wrong.

“No, that’s not right.” Lin Hongnian’s expression was solemn.

“No, the strength of the Transcendent Level Hardened Claw is clearly above the armor.”

“The Iron-eating Beast said that there seemed to be a repulsive force between its claws and armor, preventing it from leaving a mark on the armor!”

“What?”

As soon as Hall Master Lin finished speaking, everyone was stunned.

What was this, a self-protection mechanism?

“Could it be that this inscription really has some mysterious magic power?”

Previously, everyone thought that the special symbol didn’t have any special meaning. Now, as they discovered this strange phenomenon, anyone who wasn’t a fool could sense that something was wrong.

This was not a matter of whether the claws were hard enough.

Instead, why would there be a rejection reaction between the hardened claws and the armor?

Everyone frowned. Could it be that Shi Yu was right?

What was so special about that inscription?

Otherwise, if it was just a simple inscription, why couldn’t the Iron-eating Beast engrave it!

Shi Yu fell into deep thought.

That shouldn’t be the case.

In the historical video he saw, that group of Iron-eating Beasts had used their super hard claws to carve inscriptions on their armor. There was definitely no mistake!

The iron-eating beasts’ drawing movements were like flowing water. No matter how one looked at it, it didn’t look like there was any obstruction.

At that moment, Shi Yu kept feeling that he had not noticed the key points. What was wrong… Slowly, as Shi Yu looked at Master Lin Hongnian’s Iron-eating Beast, he was stunned.

Skill: Hardening

Status: Can be taught

Just like facing the transcendent-level worm silk of the Green silkworm, even though Master Lin Hongnian’s Iron-eating Beast had mastered transcendent-level racial skills, the skill index still showed that it could be taught!

After being stunned for a moment, Shi Yu said soberly, “Speaking of which, could it be that the proficiency of hardening isn’t enough?”

“Is there any higher proficiency above Transcendent Level Hardening…”

“I feel that the breakthrough in racial skills again and the qualitative change might be the key to the Iron-eating Beast’s transformation again! Perhaps, when the time comes, the inscription won’t have any rejection reaction.”

This time, Shi Yu’s train of thought immediately opened up. He had a feeling that something was wrong and that his deduction was definitely correct!

It might be the key to the Iron-eating Beast’s evolution!

Monarch level was just the starting point!

The future was really legendary!

When Shi Yu finished speaking, everyone’s expressions were odd.

Dean Hao explained, “Entry, proficient, expert, perfect, and transcendent. Although the names of each level are different in various eras, the ability of the pet seems to be these five levels from the beginning to the end. Perfection represents the peak of skill. Transcendence means that it has broken through the original upper limit of the skill.”

“As for higher levels, there’s no such thing. There hasn’t been any record of it since ancient times… nor have any Beast Tamer pets reached that level.”

“This isn’t realistic. Why don’t we try carving with other tools?”

The corners of Lin Hongnian’s mouth twitched. He didn’t know if he should believe Shi Yu.

At this point, why didn’t he say that the Iron-eating Beast could evolve again after eating Venus, then?

Even if it was true, it was impossible to achieve.

Using such an unscientific evolutionary condition to entice him to have expectations for the evolution of the Iron-eating Beast’s form, wasn’t this taking his life, making him and the Iron-eating Beast train non-stop for the next 24 hours?

As everyone refuted the unscientific, Shi Yu fell silent.

He still stubbornly believed that his deduction was right.

Moreover, was it very difficult to reach transcendent in the first place?