Chapter 90 - Iron-Eating Beast Ruins

Chapter 90: Iron-eating Beast Ruins

With a sword in hand, Shi Yu immediately felt heroic.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

He felt that this was the correct way to transmigrate. Wasn’t being a swordsman more handsome than being a Beast Tamer?

In the outside world, following Shi Yu’s sudden action, the administrator, the Beast-eared Lady Bai Xi, and the Panda King, Eleven, were all stunned.

“Huh? Σ (° △ °lll)”

Eleven looked at the image in confusion.

It was thinking, “Shi Yu, what are you doing? Shi Yu, calm down!”

You’re not cut out for that!

“Looks like he understood.”

After a moment of silence, Bai Xi said, “A true Beast Tamer must have the courage to face transcendent creatures on their own.”

“Although I’ve already expected him to get beaten up next, this will undoubtedly become a very precious experience for him…”

As the human and panda expressed their views, Shi Yu’s figure had already been swallowed by a group of ferocious beasts. There was only a bone sword left on the spot…

…

“Oww!”

“It hurts.”

Let some other earthling become a swordsman. In the future, he would add points at the back and watch his pets fight!

Soon, Shi Yu was beaten out.

When Yu came out, the beast-eared woman, Bai Xi, was looking at him with a faint smile.

“Sob.” Eleven covered its face and asked Shi Yu if he needed it to help take revenge.

Just now, Shi Yu couldn’t be cool for even three seconds. He was directly beaten up by a group of ferocious beasts and could not get up. He even relied on his etherealization to escape.

“I haven’t seen such a brave youth in a long time.”

The manager, Granny, also had a smile on her face. All the negative emotions from losing the game had disappeared, and she was in a very good mood.

From this, it could be seen that Shi Yu was a Beast Tamer who was good at bringing joy to others.

“I feel like I almost had it.” Shi Yu looked disappointed.

The main reason was that there were too many enemies. He had died before he could even use the sword skill he had learned on Earth…

Although there was no harm, the slight pain was still present. Shi Yu felt indescribable pain.

Sigh, when would he be as skilled as Uncle Jackie Chan…

Bai Xi said, “There’s no need to worry. The most basic levels here are also prepared for Beast Tamers above the professional level.”

“It’s very normal that you can’t react. If you’re not ethereal, with the physique of a Beast Tamer intern and not relying on pets, it’s actually a miracle that you can last for a few seconds.”

Shi Yu :”…”

In other words, he was just challenging a fight above his level?

Why didn’t she say so earlier? If she had said so earlier, he would have changed his method of challenge and gone straight to the end!

Falseization+supplements, he could directly endure until the energy of this training facility dried up!

Of course, this was just bragging…

Then, just as Bai Xi was about to say something, her phone suddenly rang.

She took out her cell phone and answered the call. Then, she immediately nodded and said, “Alright, I’ll be there in a while.”

After hanging up, she looked at Shi Yu apologetically and said, “I suddenly have something on. I’ll show you around another day.”

“My suggestion is that you use the training facilities here to practice your etherealization first.”

“After you become proficient in etherealization, partial etherialization, and instant etherealization can be done. In that state, you can use other Beast Taming Talents to command, summon, and retract your pets. It’s faster and more convenient than hiding in the ruins when you encounter danger.”

“In a Legendary Beast Tamer-level battle, Beast Tamers are basically in an ethereal state the whole time. Otherwise, Beast Tamers won’t be able to enter a battle of that level at all.”

“You have the Ruins Bead and can experience this power in advance. You won’t be at a disadvantage if you practice earlier. It’s considered a foundation for you to become a legendary Beast Tamer in the future!”

“Alright.” Shi Yu nodded and said, “Then, Senior Bai, you go do your errand first.”

This etherealization ability indeed needed to be trained. It was completely a life-saving skill.

“Well, that’s it then. By the way, for the other training facilities, if you’re doing this to increase the strength of your pet, I think you can put it aside for the time being. Anyway, you have the Ruins Bead. The training efficiency of the pet in other training facilities might not be as good as in the mystic realm space of the ruins.”

“The level of the training facilities with obvious effects is too low for you to enter. Those without obvious effects are inferior to the Ruins Bead… It’s a waste of time to go.”

Bai Xi clapped her hands and said, “But it all depends on your wishes. Well, I’ll leave first. I’ll contact you later to take you to the archeology department.”

With that said, Bai Xi entrusted Shi Yu to the manager, the granny, and left in a hurry.

“Little Bai Xi is the vice president of the battle club at Ancient Capital University. She’s preparing for the National League recently, so she might be a little busy.” The administrator, Granny, looked at White Xi’s departing figure and explained with a smile.

“How is it? Do you want to continue challenging?”

The granny didn’t ask about Shi Yu’s identity either, directly treating him as an ordinary student from Ancient Capital University.

“No, Granny, I plan to go back and study it carefully.”

“I’ll come another day. Thank you, Granny.” Shi Yu looked at the administrator, Granny, and said.

If this granny could be an administrator in such a place, she was probably at least a master-level Beast Tamer.

“Alright, then you guys should leave quickly. I’m going to continue playing games,” the granny said.

Shi Yu, Eleven:???

Why did Shi Yu suddenly feel that Ancient Capital University had no future…

…

Then, Shi Yu left the training facility with a stunned expression.

After coming out, Shi Yu shook his head and sighed.

“I feel like I have something to do.” He took out the time-limited trial card Bai Xi gave him and felt depressed.

During the half-month time limit, he could use that training facility to train his phantom transformation.

It would be a waste not to.

He should use it. He had to go and get beaten by transcendent creatures every day. It was so complicated.

“Forget it. Only by suffering can I be above others!” Shi Yu gritted his teeth and decided to fight it out.

Although he could also train his Etherialization in private, it definitely wouldn’t be as effective as the training in that urgent but safe environment.

“Wuu!”

On Shi Yu’s shoulder, Eleven felt that it made sense. Only by suffering could one be superior!

Eleven: o(一〈一+)o So, when can Shi Yu let it go back to training?

Shi Yu only trained hard himself, but he didn’t let Eleven work hard too. It was too evil of him!

Shi Yu :”…”

What was this competition?

It seemed like Eleven would never experience the joy of lazing around in this lifetime.

“It’s already noon.”

At the same time, Shi Yu glanced at the time and touched his stomach. He decided to have a meal and take a nap.

It was too tiring to etherealize.

After eating some supplements and waking up, he would decide where to go in the afternoon.

He had troubled himself this morning.

…

In the hotel.

After Shi Yu was full and allowed Eleven and the Green Silkworm to fulfill their wishes and enter the ruins to undergo special training, he started to hug his pillow and prepare to sleep.

However, it was as if the heavens didn’t want Shi Yu to rest well. The loud and clear electric sound immediately made Shi Yu get up.

“Who is it!”

Not many people knew his phone number.

Apart from the delivery men, there were only the three rich ladies, Hall Master Lin, and President Feng.

Good heavens, now that he thought about it, the proportion of rich women in his contact list seemed a little high…

Shi Yu looked at the caller ID guiltily and surprisingly discovered that it was actually Hall Master Lin.

“Eh…”

“Hall Master Lin?” Shi Yu picked up the phone.

On the other side, Hall Master Lin was silent for a moment before saying, “I heard you went to the ancient capital?”

Shi Yu: “Yes.”

Before he went to the ancient capital, he communicated with the members of the dojo and President Feng.

As for Hall Master Lin, when he set off, he seemed to still be on the snow mountain expedition.

“By the way, you’ve been to the snowy mountain recently, right? How’s the situation over there?”

“They’re just a group of wild beasts. They’re not worth mentioning. Commander Wang Meng and I have already cleared the periphery of the snow mountain. The situation is already within control,” Lin Hongnian said. “I heard that you cracked that trial ruin?”

“After I came out, Old Feng had already told me everything.”

Back then, he did suggest that Shi Yu could go there to train, but he completely didn’t expect Shi Yu to be able to break through the sixth level and grow so quickly.

Eleven had just started learning the Thunder Palm when he decided to go to the snow mountain for the expedition…

However, after he came out of the snowy mountain, he heard ridiculous information from President Feng.

A combination skill of expert level Thunder Palm and expert level Hardening?

A little metal-eating beast that mastered expert-level deterrence?

The Iron Eater suspected to have awakened an ancient bloodline after coming out of the sacred lake?

The sixth level of the ruins was the Ice Dragon Phantom? Shi Yu even defeated it?

After hearing this, Lin Hongnian suspected that he was still in the snow mountain and hadn’t come out. Some snow maiden in the snow mountain had cast an illusion on him.

In short, President Feng’s story was ridiculous.

It was as if he had been out for several years.

However, this was not important. After all, Shi Yu was introduced by Lu Qingyi, a genius who had reached the master level in his early twenties.

With Lu Qingyi’s help, it was normal for Shi Yu to be a little ridiculous.

Lin Hongnian was most concerned about the evolution holy spring and the ancient bloodline of the iron-eating beast.

He originally wanted to look for Shi Yu personally to ask, but Shi Yu was no longer in Ping Cheng, so he could only give Shi Yu a call.

“I heard that your Iron-eating Beast gained something from the Evolution Sacred Spring. It seems to have awakened some ancient bloodline?” Lin Hongnian asked with a heavy tone.

“Can you tell me about it?”

On the other end of the line, Shi Yu fell silent for a moment before saying, “I think that should be an ancient bloodline. It might be what the iron-eating beasts looked like thousands or even tens of thousands of years ago.”

“Actually, the form isn’t much different from now. It’s like an Iron-eating Beast wearing a set of armor, but it doesn’t feel like it’s as simple as a transcendent Level Hardening skill.”

The transcendent Level Hardening symbol was that the Hardening Material could be released to form weapons and equipment. In addition, it could also attach the Hardening Material to other objects.

At the moment, only Master Lin Hongnian’s Iron-eating Beast in Icefield City had reached this proficiency.

Logically speaking, one could create an armor suit with Perfect Level Hardening. However, the feeling that his bloodline awakening gave Eleven at that time was not as simple as Hardening. It was indeed a completely new life form.

“Battle armor…” Lin Hongnian fell into deep thought.

“It’s possible to form battle armor with transcendent hardening, but if you don’t think so… Then is it possible that transcendent hardening is one of the evolution conditions for the iron-eating beast?” Hall Master Lin guessed.

“It means that using transcendent Level Hardening to form a similar weapon and then stabilizing this form in a certain way… Is the evolution method of the iron-eating beast?” Shi Yu said. “Isn’t it a little too perfunctory…”

If that was the case, even if the evolved Hardening skill could still be added to armor and become double Hardening, it didn’t feel like there was any future.

A commander rank was the limit, in this scenario.

“It’s just a guess.” Lin Hongnian also felt that it was too simple. He couldn’t help but laugh and leave it at that.

“However, in short, it’s an experimental direction.”

“By the way, did any other changes happen after your Iron-eating Beast awakened its ancient bloodline?”

“Apart from having a better physique and slower growth, there are no other changes.”

Ordinary iron-eating beasts that had reached level nine of awakening should be a little taller than Eleven, but Eleven was a little short.

However, compared to the ancient bloodline, Shi Yu felt that it should be because the evolution holy spring had strengthened Eleven’s life force.

“I see…” Lin Hongnian was silent. Unfortunately, Shi Yu’s Iron-eating Beast had only awakened a weak ancient bloodline. If only it had evolved directly…

This way, he might be able to study the evolution path of the iron-eating beasts more clearly.

At this moment, Hall Master Lin said again, “You’re going to the Ancient Capital this time, probably to take a look at the Ancient Capital University, right?”

“Yes.”

“When are you free? I’ll get Xiu Zhu to look for you. She’s also at Ancient Capital University.”

“Huh??” Shi Yu was stunned and did not react.

“Xiu Zhu is a student from the Ancient University’s Feeding Department. He’s also been over there for the past month. You’ll be interested in the research project she’s researching, for sure.”

“What?”

“A ruin related to the iron-eating beasts was discovered in the ancient capital. Currently, students from the Archaeology Department of the Ancient Capital University are researching it.”

“Because the main research topic of hers is the Iron-eating Beast, she was invited by the teacher to be a consultant.”

“At first, I didn’t pay attention to this news. After all, it’s just a ruin related to the iron-eating beasts. But after hearing that the iron-eating beasts have ancient bloodlines, my thoughts changed. Perhaps the ancient iron-eating beasts really are special.”

“I think you need to go.”

Iron-eating beast ruins had appeared in the ancient capital, and there were suspected to be traces of ancient iron-eating beasts.

Initially, Lin Hongnian didn’t mind, but after Shi Yu discovered that the iron-eating beast’s evolution path was ancient, the ancient iron-eating beast information immediately had value for reference.

In addition, Shi Yu had cracked the Ping Cheng Ruins and was related to the archeological world’s new star, Lu Qingyi. Moreover, his Iron-eating Beast had awakened its ancient bloodline. Therefore, no matter how he looked at it, Hall Master Lin felt that Shi Yu had to investigate this Iron-eating Beast Ruin.

“Are you free to go? I can get Xiu Zhu to pick you up over there.”

“It’s a pity that I still have something to do. Otherwise, I would definitely have gone along.”

Lin Hongnian’s mood was good. This was the first time he felt so close to discovering the evolution of the Iron-Eating Beast!

The dream of this father and daughter was to unearth the possibility of the iron-eating beast’s evolution.

Everyone in Ping Cheng knew this, and so did Shi Yu.

“It shouldn’t be a problem.” Shi Yu nodded with a surprised expression.

The evolution direction of the iron-eating beast? He was also confused. Now that a ruin related to the iron-eating beast had appeared, it was indeed worth looking at. Moreover, it happened to be in the ancient capital. How could he miss it?

“You just said that the Archeology Department of Ancient Capital University is in charge of this ruin?” Shi Yu had a strange expression.

If he also entered the Archeology Department of Ancient Capital University, would these people be considered future seniors?

Lin Hongnian said, “Well, they should be considered juniors of Xiu Zhu. After all, it’s just a small ruin related to the Iron Eater and not a ruin space. Not many people take it seriously.”

Shi Yu nodded and said, “By the way, Senior Lin also participated in the vocation assessment at the Ancient Capital Association, right? Hall Master Lin, how were her results at that time?”

Only after coming to Ancient Capital University did Shi Yu realize how intense the competition here was.

Senior Panda was able to pass the vocation assessment here at the age of 18 and was even accepted by Ancient Capital University. It felt very strong.

“Her?” Hall Master Lin said, “When she participated in the vocation assessment, the Iron-eating Beast was just a beginner transcendent. It mastered the combination skill of proficient level Thunder Palm and expert level Hardening.”

“Apart from that, there’s also another transcendent creature with pretty good strength contracted.”

“However, there’s no point in using her as a reference. She participated in the assessment a few years ago. The difficulty of the vocation assessment is increasing every year.”

“But don’t worry. You’re stronger than her. The vocation assessment isn’t a big problem for you.”

Shi Yu :”…”

Why did he feel that he was the real son of Hall Master Lin? When it came to Lin Xiuzhu, Hall Master Lin only treated him like this, not his daughter. When it came to him, he clearly didn’t have a transcendent pet, but this mister directly appointed him stronger than Lin Xiuzhu.

He felt like Panda Senior would cry when she heard this…