Chapter 94 - The Benefits Of Privilege

Chapter 94: The Benefits of Privilege

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

The battle ended. Before Wang Le could react, his surroundings were already noisy.

A group of passers-by pointed at the smaller iron-eating beast!

What was going on!

They felt that they had seen a shocking scene just now, but when they recovered, they no longer knew how to explain the unscientific battle process just now.

Everyone looked at the battlefield and cursed in their hearts This was caused by the aftermath of a battle between awakened pets?

They would believe it if it was said to be a transcendent battle!

“Junior, what’s wrong with your little Iron-Eating Beast!”

Opposite Shi Yu, the fat on Wang Le’s face twitched. He looked like he was about to cry, and he had a faint smile on his face. He looked especially “happy”.

“Senior, I told you not to look down on it… I’ve spent at least ten million’s worth of resources on it.”

What else could Shi Yu say? He hoped that saying this would make Senior Wang Le feel a little better.

He was right. The supplements alone cost more than a million points.

A resource like the evolution holy spring would cost more than seven digits, right?

If one considered that the cost-effective ratio of supplements to points was higher than those rare cultivation resources, it was not wrong for Shi Yu to say that he had smashed eight digits on the little Iron Eating Beast.

Even if an ordinary Beast Tamer really threw so much money, they might not necessarily be able to throw out such an Iron-eating Beast.

Of course, no one would do that. With this amount, they could even buy a commander-type pet cub with potential and outstanding talent.

Therefore, although Eleven’s strength was ridiculous, it was indeed created by combining the three elements of paywall, cheating, and hard work.

“Ten…”

Wang Le was speechless. What else could he say? He could only say that Shi Yu was rich, even richer than him!

Spending ten millions worth of resources on a pet of a middle-level transcendent race was either money or true love!

No, an Iron-eating Beast that had awakened an ancient bloodline was probably not as simple as a mid-level transcendent anymore.

“What the f*ck…”

Senior Wang Le silently withdrew the Rock Rhinoceros and looked around. He said in a low voice, “I lost, I admit defeat. Let’s go!”

“Alright.” Shi Yu smiled and nodded. The two of them quickly left the battlefield.

Lin Xiuzhu and the other seniors were silent for a moment before following the two of them out.

After the nine of them gathered together, before anyone could say anything, Wang Le immediately said, “Cough, I lost. Junior has something special. Looks like Junior has passed the vocation assessment steadily this year.”

The others smiled and looked at him. So?

You’ve failed.

Everyone also saw Wang Le’s distress. Although they wanted to laugh, they considered his feelings and changed the topic in a friendly manner.

“Junior, your little Iron-eating Beast is a little ridiculous… It raised its racial skills to perfect level during the Awakening Stage. Is this also due to the ancient bloodline?”

Zheng Yingjie sighed with emotion. “I’m really curious about its battle power after entering the transcendent level. It will definitely experience a qualitative change.”

“Actually, it’s thanks to its own efforts.”

Shi Yu turned his head to look at Eleven on his shoulder and praised Eleven.

1

“Sob!” Eleven nodded seriously.

Eleven’s current strength was all thanks to its own hard work!

Cough… It would slowly repay the little effort Shi Yu had put in.

“Damn it, the more I think about it, the more ridiculous it seems.”

At this moment, no one mentioned Wang Le, but Wang Le himself couldn’t hold it in anymore. He said, “I’ve decided to study this ruin well and try to develop the evolution of the iron-eating beasts.”

“A little Iron-Eating Beast that has only awakened its evolution bloodline is already so strong. If it really still has an evolution form, wouldn’t it be a high-level commander race? It’s even possible for it to be at the monarch level.”

“If we really develop it, we’ll be famous!”

Everyone nodded when they heard him. Their motivation to explore the iron-eating beast ruins was completely aroused.

“Senior Lin, let’s study it together. Lead me.”

Lin Yu’er knew that Lin Xiuzhu was a researcher who studied the evolution of iron-eating beasts, and she couldn’t help but want to cozy up to him.

“Alright…”

Lin Xiuzhu saw that the seven people who had been lazing around previously suddenly had motivation, and didn’t know whether to laugh or cry.

However, she was also very confused in her heart. She looked at the calm Shi Yu and Shi Yu’s shoulder, where Eleven was acting dumb like usual, and felt that something was wrong.

She kept feeling that the strong one was not the Iron-eating Beast’s evolution form, but the combination of Shi Yu and Eleven. They definitely had some secret.

“Cough, I’ll go with you guys too,” Shi Yu said to the archeological seven heroes.

At the same time, he felt a little guilty.

If they really developed the evolution of the Iron-eating Beast and realized that it couldn’t defeat Eleven in its basic form, it would be awkward.

Eleven was so strong not because it had awakened an ancient bloodline.

The benefit of it awakening its ancient bloodline was actually just a doubling of its physical fitness. This was also the standard ability of the Evolution Holy Spring. There were no changes in other aspects…

Multiplication, Hardening, Thunder Palm, Super Vision… Be it the skill or the proficiency, they were all added together.

“Sure, we will definitely warmly welcome Junior Shi Yu to come and be our advisor.”

Zheng Yingjie smiled. Although this didn’t follow the rules, it wasn’t a big problem.

Finding someone to do homework on behalf of them… No, to put it nicely, wasn’t it too common for students to ask questions that they didn’t know how to answer?

“But it seems to be late. Do you plan to stay here or go back first?” Lin Xiuzhu asked Shi Yu.

“Let me see.” Shi Yu took out his cell phone and looked at the time. It seemed to be getting late.

It was definitely not suitable to continue investigating today.

Shi Yu was silent for a moment. He suddenly felt that it wasn’t easy.

He undoubtedly wanted to investigate deeper into this ruin, but there was still a half a month’s time-limited training card at Ancient Capital University. He didn’t have to let down the beast-eared girl, but the two places were a little far away. It was almost two hours…

“Let me see the situation tomorrow. I’ll go and return to the hotel now,” Shi Yu said.

…

That night, Shi Yu took a taxi back to the city. Along the way, Shi Yu thought about it and finally decided to take all of them. He would go from both ends.

In the morning, he would go to the Ancient Capital University to use the training card to train his etherealization abilities. In the afternoon, he would go to the iron-eating beast ruins in the suburbs to do research.

The road in the middle was indeed a little far, but if he took a taxi, he could totally meditate and cultivate in the car. It didn’t seem like he would lose much time by going all in. It was just that the taxi fare was a little too much, but he had money, so it was fine.

“It’s decided.”

With the plan of running both ways, Shi Yu decided not to check out. After returning, he took a hot shower and slept happily on the hotel bed.

As for Eleven, it returned to the ruins bead and continued training.

Wang Le was very shocked at how Eleven could multiply, harden, and connect the Thunder Palm so proficiently. This coordination ability was unbelievable on a pet at the Awakening Stage. The reason was all because of this.

With absolute sleep, as long as Shi Yu didn’t stop him, Eleven would dare to eat and train for more than 20 hours. The training content was all a combination of multiplication, hardening, and thunder palm plus super vision. In addition, the basic proficiency of these skills wasn’t low, so how could Eleven not connect smoothly?

In fact, Eleven hadn’t even used its full strength yet. If it used deterrence to control its opponent in battle, the Stone Rhino probably wouldn’t even have a chance to fight back.

Even if it wasn’t insta-killed by deterrence, the short hesitation was enough to defeat it in ten seconds. It wouldn’t give the Rock Rhino any chance to use a skill.

Just like when he fought against the Ice Dragon Phantom.

The next day, Shi Yu woke up very early.

After washing up a little, he didn’t disturb Eleven and the Green Silkworm in the ruins pearl. After eating breakfast, he headed to the training facility of the Beast Tamers at Ancient Capital University.

“Granny, you’re playing games again…”

This time, Shi Yu entered by using his time limit card. After entering, he realized that the familiar granny was still playing games. He couldn’t help but be a little speechless.

But then again, this place was quite cold and cheerless. Didn’t other teachers and seniors bring their juniors here to experience it?

Shi Yu thought about it carefully. Compared to other training facilities, the cost-effective ratio of coming here to experience it seemed to be quite low. After all, not everyone had Ruins Beads like him.

“Oh, it’s that little classmate from yesterday.” The granny soon stopped playing and noticed Shi Yu.

Then she continued, “It’s still the same level as yesterday. I’ll help you activate it. You can go by yourself.”

“Thank you, Granny.” Shi Yu thanked her.

This time, after a day of thinking, Shi Yu was no longer delusional enough to challenge pets alone.

His goal was much lower. He decided that as long as he could survive until the end without getting injured.

After changing targets, the training this time was very targeted. Moreover, Shi Yu specially decided to activate the supplements today to practice a few more times…

About noon, the beast-eared girl also arrived. After she entered the training facility, she walked to the granny and said, “Granny, is Shi Yu here today?”

“He’s inside. Eh, it’s been almost two hours, but he’s still here??” The granny didn’t even raise her head and just glanced at the time to express her surprise.

Sigh, I was too obsessed with playing games. I didn’t realize that this little classmate was so hardworking!

“Is that so?” White Brook was surprised. What a coincidence.

She had just finished her work. She had originally planned to call Shi Yu, but because it was on the way, she directly came over to take a look.

He didn’t expect that Shi Yu was really here.

Moreover, two hours??

Not bad, he was talented and hardworking. No wonder Senior Lu admired him.

“Then I’ll wait.”

White Brook nodded and guarded the second floor.

About three minutes later, Shi Yu walked out of the training room with a weak expression. No, he was beaten out.

For the whole morning, he still couldn’t withstand the group fight of ten ferocious beasts. It simply made his lungs explode.

Persisting for nearly three minutes was his current limit.

Shi Yu was not satisfied. He hoped that he could last five minutes within half a month.

No, it would be best if it was more than ten minutes.

With his rich experience in etherialization, only then could he ensure that nothing happened when he encountered danger in the future. Only then could he be at ease and court death.

“He’s out?”

Senior White Brook leaned against the wall and followed Shi Yu downstairs. She turned her head to him.

“Uh, senior, why are you here?”

At this moment, Shi Yu also noticed White Brook and looked at her in surprise.

“I just came by to take a look. I didn’t expect you to be here too. I heard from the granny that you’ve been here for two hours?” White Brook’s expression was strange.

“How did you do it?”

Logically speaking, Shi Yu’s physique wouldn’t last for long.

“Oh, I relied on this.”

Shi Yu took out the three-piece set of Divine Beans, Honeydew Water, and Ginseng Root from the Ruins Bead and said, “I probably have a supplement absorption physique or something, so I recover very well after every practice. It’s alright to practice a little more.”

White Brook:???

She looked at the supplement in Shi Yu’s hand in confusion.

So after returning yesterday, did Shi Yu go to prepare supplements?

Or could it be that these supplements were brought with him in the first place?

“You’ve worked hard…”

White Brook was silent for a moment. He didn’t know what to say, so he could only nod and acknowledge Shi Yu.

Usually, Beast Tamers would only use some supplements when they were extremely weak after a big battle.

Under normal circumstances, they would recover naturally through meditation and rest. Firstly, it was healthier. Secondly, high-level supplements were not cheap. With this money, it was better to buy resources for pets. The cost-effective ratio was higher.

Shi Yu really dared to spend money on himself.

However, come to think of it, what was the “easy to absorb supplements” physique?

White Brook was puzzled. She had heard of elemental affinity physiques, undead affinity physiques, plant affinity physiques, but she had never heard of the ‘supplements absorption’ physique.

She had seen it all now.

“Are you free this afternoon? I’ll take you to the archeology department to take a look.” Senior White couldn’t figure it out, so she decided not to think about it.

“Yes.”

Shi Yu nodded. Then, he suddenly thought of something and said, “By the way, Senior, I heard that an Iron-eating Beast ruin appeared in the ancient capital. At the moment, it seems that the Archeology Department of the Ancient Capital University is in charge.”

“Do you know which teacher is in charge? I want to investigate this ruin too.”

“Iron-eating Beast ruins?” White Brook was completely unaware.

This was also normal. It was related to the Iron-eating Beast and had been dug up underground. It was destined that this ruin wouldn’t receive much attention. Otherwise, it wouldn’t have been handed over to a group of students to investigate and research.

“I don’t know, but I can go and ask,” White Brook said.

“Why, is this ruin very important? Eh, I almost forgot, your initial pet is an Iron-eating Beast…”

Shi Yu shook his head and said, “Not only that, I feel that the investigation priority of this ruin is a little low. The hidden historical value isn’t as simple as it looks.”

In his opinion, the most important information hidden in this ruin was not the evolution of the iron-eating beast, but the meaning of the nine special symbols.

After all, this was a special symbol that crossed two worlds.

Even if this ruin was really very ordinary, the history behind it was definitely not ordinary.

The archeology department of Ancient Capital University had completely underestimated the true value of this ruin.

Shi Yu was very certain about this.

Shi Yu hoped that Ancient Capital University would take this ruin seriously. It would be best to give some support and cooperation, such as detecting the composition of the metal piece. It would be best if the priority was higher.

He had heard from the Archeological Seven Elites that the laboratory positions of the Archeological Department were very tight. The ruins of investigation and research had priority. Things like the Iron Eater ruins were not in a hurry.

“Is that so?” White Brook nodded and said, “Then I’ll bring you to ask in the afternoon. You’re a reserve member of Bureau 11, right? When the time comes, you can just talk to the people over there. It’s more useful than my words.”

“Uh.” Shi Yu was stunned. The beast-eared girl knew everything, but she actually knew about the Ruins Bead and Bureau 11. It looked like she and Senior Lu were very good friends.

Moreover, the beast-eared girl herself was probably not simple either. She might even have a legendary Beast Tamer senior? Otherwise, she wouldn’t be carrying a spatial storage device with her.

…

In the afternoon.

White Brook brought Shi Yu to the southern campus. Unlike the northern campus, this was the headquarters of the archeology department. There were more libraries, museums, and laboratories than training facilities.

“We have to ask who’s in charge of that Iron-eating Beast Ruins, right?”

“Let’s go directly to the dean…”

The beast-eared girl had a clear goal. If she wanted to ask, she would ask the person in charge.

“Ah, this.”

Big Sister White Brook walked in front while Shi Yu followed behind her. He felt that she had a very strong aura.

Soon, White Brook brought Shi Yu to a building. At the same time, he said to Shi Yu, “I wonder if he’s around, but during the opening day, the leaders should be pretty packed.”

“Let’s take a look first. If they’re not around, we can ask other teachers.”

As she muttered, she brought Shi Yu to the Dean’s office and knocked on the door.

Shi Yu and White Brook’s luck was pretty good. After knocking twice, a “please come in” voice came from inside.

White Brook smiled and nodded at Shi Yu. Then, he pushed open the door and entered.

Director Li from the Archeological Department looked like a kind, middle-aged, big-bellied man. At this moment, he seemed to be working. He was a little different from the Archeological Department Director Shi Yu had imagined…

When he saw someone enter at this moment, he couldn’t help but raise his head and cast a puzzled gaze.

However, as he saw White Brook, he immediately smiled.

“President Bai, why is it you? Aren’t you training today?”

“Director Li, I’m not the one looking for you. I brought someone here too.” White Brook looked at Shi Yu.

At this moment, Shi Yu also walked forward and greeted the other party. “Hello, Director Li.”

“Hello friend, you are?” Director Li looked confused.

“My name is Shi Yu. I’m planning to apply for the Ancient Capital University’s Archeology Department this year,” Shi Yu said.

“I see, welcome, welcome!!” Chief Physician Li laughed and immediately understood. So it was White Brook who brought her relative or friend over to greet him in advance.

“Director Li is a big boss. You have to remember him!” White Brook said with a smile.

“He was brought to Ancient Capital University by your Dr. Lu after much effort.”

“Huh?” Director Li was stunned.

“Dr…. Dr. Lu Qingyi??”

“Yes.” White Brook nodded.

The way Director Li looked at Shi Yu changed instantly.

The people White Brook brought and the people Lu Qingyi invited to apply for Ancient Capital University were two different concepts!

The former would make him someone he needed to only show friendliness to, while the latter meant a lot.

After all, Dr. Lu Qingyi was a big boss who could rank in the top 20 of the Dong Huang in terms of contribution to the country. She was the pride of Ancient Capital University.

Even some legendary Beast Tamers were very respectful to Dr. Lu Qingyi. None of the members of Bureau 11 were simple.

“Student Shi Yu, what’s your relationship with Dr. Lu?” Director Li asked curiously.

Shi Yu said, “There’s no special relationship. Uh, I suppose you could say she led me through the door to the archeology world?”

If it was this world, it was indeed so. Shi Yu had originally wanted to develop steadily, but in the end, Lu Qingyi came straight to his door and used 10 million to smash him back into the archeological world. Shi Yu remembered this “favor”. It was a good memory.

“Oh?” Director Li’s interest was aroused.

At this moment, Shi Yu also wanted to get to the point quickly. He said, “Director Li, did you discover a ruin related to iron-eating beasts in the ancient capital? At the moment, it seems like our archeology department is in charge?”

“Iron-eating Beast?” Director Li thought for a moment and nodded. “There is indeed such a new ruin. At the moment, it seems to have been handed over to the students to investigate and research. What’s wrong?”

Shi Yu said, “I feel that this ruin isn’t as simple as it looks, so I want to take over and investigate. I also want to cooperate with Ancient Capital University to study it. I wonder if it’s possible…”

He started communicating with Director Li according to what White Brook taught him.

“Huh? You’re taking over?” Director Li was stunned, not understanding what it meant for a moment.

“This is my identification.” Shi Yu took out a small notebook from his pocket and handed it to Director Li.

Director Li took it blankly and flipped to the first page. At the top was the profile picture of his handsome face.

Below was Shi Yu’s role as a reserve member of the Homeland Ruins Strategic Investigation and Backup Security Bureau.

At this moment, as he saw this certificate and the last seal, Director Li was stunned.

He immediately became excited, and his breathing became rapid. He felt like he couldn’t breathe.

His face was flushed red. Beside him, White Brook saw his appearance and thought it was funny.

Even though Bureau 11 was a reserve member, its status was very high. In terms of archeology, its power was at least on the same level as the Archeological Association and the Nine Elite Universities.

It was no wonder that Director Li was so excited.

Although the trump card of Ancient Capital University was the Archeology Department, in recent years, there had indeed been no new results worth mentioning in the Archeology Department of Ancient Capital University. It was time to urgently need fresh blood, especially people with true archeological talent.

Shi Yu’s arrival was simply timely!

To be absorbed by Bureau 11, there was no need to say anything about Shi Yu’s talent. He was almost guaranteed to be a new star in the archeological world in the future.

At this moment, Director Li finally understood why Lu Qingyi would become the guide of this young man in front of him and let him enter Ancient Capital University to study. This was simply giving treasures to the Archeological Department of Ancient Capital University!

“Student Shi Yu, you… really gave me a fright…” Director Li held Shi Yu’s identification documents and finally calmed down before laughing.

Great, after next year, their archeology department would take off again!

“You’re saying that the iron-eating beast ruin isn’t as simple as it looks? I understand. Next, you’ll be in charge of the development and investigation of this ruin. Ancient Capital University will also cooperate fully.” Director Li believed in Shi Yu’s judgment. In this aspect, Shi Yu was also a professional.

“Uh, thank you.”

Shi Yu was stunned before falling silent. Was this the feeling of being a privileged dog? It felt a little good…

Wait a minute, after such a series of actions, wouldn’t Senior Panda and the archeological Seven Elites be very stunned? After all, he had suddenly become their in-charge.