Chapter 99 - Name Of Evolution

Chapter 99: Name of Evolution

“I should use other tools to see if I can carve it.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Dean Hao and the others were interested.

He had originally thought that the Iron-eating Beast’s first evolution was the end. From the looks of it, it was really as Shi Yu had said. There were still other secrets hidden on the Iron-eating Beast!

“I can help.”

A small summoning array appeared in Dean Hao’s palm.

He reached out and pulled out a tool in the shape of a sword hilt. Then, a pale yellow laser suddenly appeared on the hilt.

< Name > Laser Sword

[Attributes]: Machinery, Light

[Race Level]: High-level commander

[Introduction]: Artificial Light Sword Lifeform.

“Damn, so handsome.”

Seeing Dean Hao with the laser sword in hand, Zheng Yingjie and the other boys widened their eyes and drooled.

Was this not more amazing than the beast-eared girl?

As expected of a top-notch Mechanic, he really knew how to play. He actually contracted a lightsaber.

Shi Yu glanced sideways. Good heavens, there was actually such a mechanical life form.

He was quite curious now. If Beast Tamers had a combination talent and contracted a laser sword, would they need other pets?

How envious.

“Do we use this?” Seeing that Dean Hao took the initiative to help, Hall Master Lin nodded.

“Alright, please.”

The Iron Eater looked at the laser sword in confusion.??

It felt alright to make a move by itself, but wasn’t it a little too much to use a sword!

“Don’t worry, it won’t hurt.” Dean Hao laughed.

“Wuu…” The newly evolved iron-eating beast was still a little nervous, but it still nodded in pain.

Then, with a flash of sword light, the laser sword left a scar on the iron-eating beast’s armor without any resistance.

The scar was the special symbol on the metal piece.

This time, neither the Iron-eating Beast nor the laser sword felt any obstacles during the carving process.

But similarly, after carving the symbol, the Iron-eating Beast didn’t change at all.

This made everyone fall into deep thought.

Therefore, the current suspicious point was indeed the rejection reaction between hardening and the armor.

Then, Hall Master Lin instructed the Iron-eating Beast to make a few more attempts.

No matter what, the outcome was still the same.

“From the looks of it, the symbol shouldn’t be as simple as the battle emblem and symbol of the tribe.”

“If you just want to carve a battle emblem, you can totally carve it through other things like Dean Hao.”

“And according to my investigation, this special symbol should have been carved by the iron-eating beast with its hardened claws.”

“Since it’s so difficult for iron-eating beasts to carve marks on themselves, why do they still insist on carving such symbols on their bodies?”

Shi Yu crossed his arms. He still wanted to know what these symbols represented.

“Wuu!!!” Hall Master Lin’s Iron-eating Beast also suffered from obsessive-compulsive disorder.

It tried its best to leave marks on its body, but it couldn’t do it.

Hall Master Lin was also conflicted. What was going on?

Originally, the evolution of the Iron-eating Beasts and the awakening of new racial skills was double the joy.

Why did such a question that couldn’t be verified appear again? It made him feel very uncomfortable.

Shi Yu’s words triggered everyone’s discussion.

“No matter how I look at it, this is another new problem…” Director Li fell into deep thought.

Discovering an evolution method of the Iron-eating Beast through the metal piece seemed to be just the tip of the iceberg of this ruin.

What to explore next was the secret of the iron-eating beast’s evolution and the secret of the inscription.

No wonder Shi Yu said that this ruin was not simple.

The evolution of the iron-eating beasts into a monarch race was actually just the starting point of research?

The corners of Lin Hongnian’s mouth twitched. “Don’t tell me it’s really like what Shi Yu said, a racial skill with proficiency above transcendent?”

Shi Yu chuckled and said, “It’s definitely impossible to confirm this at the moment, but we can’t eliminate the possibility.”

“The iron-eating beast has just evolved, so it must have a lot of secrets. If I want to be completely sure, I must explore it step by step.”

“Why don’t we form a metal-eating beast research team and study it together?”

Shi Yu suggested that he study the route of proficiency above transcendent himself. The other possibilities were left to Senior Panda and Hall Master Lin to explore.

The division of labor was clear!

It was very normal for a new pet race to appear with a large amount of unknown information.

At the moment, the thousands of creatures known to human Beast Tamers were also researched and researched by predecessors.

Now that the iron-eating beast had just evolved, it was not strange for it to have unsolved mysteries.

If it were Shi Yu himself, he definitely wouldn’t have the energy to explore completely, but in this aspect, Hall Master Lin should be very energetic. After all, this was his true passion.

Mentor Ding said, “Sure, count me in? Actually, we’re already very lucky.”

“At least, it discovered an exploration route just after it evolved.”

Chief Li also said, “I’m also quite curious.”

“Does Hall Master Lin want to cooperate with Ancient Capital University to study the evolution of the iron-eating beasts?”

“You’re welcome.”

Hall Master Lin said, “I should be the one thanking all of you for your help.”

Dean Hao laughed and said, “Count me in too.”

In a few words, the few master-level Beast Tamers confirmed that they wanted to explore the secret of the iron-eating beast’s evolution.

Senior Panda and the archeological Seven Elites were beside him and couldn’t say a word.

Their seniority was too low, so they felt that they couldn’t be of much help.

“Forget it, why don’t we put the inscription matter aside first? We’ll study it in the future. This shouldn’t be something that can be explored in a day or two. Speaking of which, shouldn’t the iron-eating beasts have a new race name after evolution?”

“This is the most important thing now…”

Usually, when pets completed their racial evolution, it was a tradition to change the name of a new species.

Although the Iron-eating Beast could still recover to its original form with its skills after evolution, it was already a little unsuitable to call it an Iron-eating Beast.

“If we want to announce the new evolution form, we do need a new name.” Dean Hao nodded.

Hall Master Lin looked at Shi Yu and said, “How about handing this naming right to Shi Yu?”

Although his Iron-eating Beast was the first to complete its evolution, Shi Yu seemed to be the most suitable person to name it after its evolution.

After all, this time, it was the evolution method provided by Shi Yu.

“Me??” Shi Yu was stunned.

Although there was a saying that good names would make a person become great… His naming skill was horrible.

Was he really going to let him do this?

“What do you think?” At the mention of naming, the panda senior was interested.

Shi Yu fell into deep thought and said, “Armored Iron-eating Beast? Armed Iron-eating Beast? Amor Iron-eating Beast? Mega Iron-eating Beast? Primordial Return to Iron-eating Beast?”

Everyone :”…”

Hall Master Lin: “Let’s think about it together.”

Everyone nodded in unison.

Master Lin’s Iron-eating Beast and Eleven also nodded.

For the future reputation of the Iron-eating Beast race, it was better not to give this difficult task to Shi Yu.

Shi Yu was helpless. Damn, he might as well call them giant pandas or Panda Kings. Apart from being a little out of character, everything else was fine.

“How about the gold-eating beast? After all, the price to evolve once is not small.”

Only then did Hall Master Lin feel some pain.

He seemed to have paid a lot of money this time. This name was very artistic.

“It’s not nice.”

Lin Xiuzhu was the first to object. Besides, wasn’t that her dowry?

“Iron-Swallowing Beast?”

“Iron-eating Monarch?”

“Iron giant beast?”

“…”

Everyone offered their names, but the more they discussed, the more ridiculous it became.

Only then did Shi Yu realize that he wasn’t the only one who had horrible naming skills.

These names didn’t sound as good as his.

“Forget it, I’ll do it.”

At this moment, after careful consideration, Shi Yu had another suggestion.

“After the Iron-eating Beast evolved, its appearance changed from its previous gluttonous and lazy appearance. Then, it must change to a name that suits its temperament. How about battle beast? Battle beasts that are specially born for war and battle. Then, add a prefix to the front of battle beas.”

“We found nine special symbols in this ruin. Perhaps it’s related to the iron-eating beasts. In addition, the alloy color of the alloy they used for evolution is dark, and the word ‘Li’ means black. Why don’t we call it ‘Nine Li Battle Beast’?”

Nine Li Battle Beast?

Upon hearing Shi Yu’s words, everyone was stunned. To be honest, they felt that the aura matched with the iron-eating beast in armor.

“Although it’s a little forced, it sounds pretty good?” Master Lin nodded.

It was better than the Armored Iron-eating Beast Shi Yu had mentioned previously…

“…” Shi Yu smiled. This was not direct, but had great meaning!

Nine Li was the tribe of Infantry Master Chi You. Legend had it that the Iron-eating Beast was Chi You’s mount. The Iron-eating Beast to evolve into a Nine Li battle beast. It was purely to commemorate the myths on Earth.

In addition, it was equivalent to hoping that the iron-eating beasts in this world really had mythical potential.

“If you can’t think of anything better, let’s do this.” Senior Panda stroked her chin and pondered. Wasn’t there a cute name?

“Not yet, pending, pending.”

Everyone discussed for a while and felt that the name of the Nine Li War Beast was feasible. However, there was no hurry to name it at the moment. That was after the evolution was announced. The subsequent publicizing process, just the procedures alone, would probably take at least a few months.

In this world, Beast Tamers had two choices regarding the evolution method.

One was to treat the evolution method as his own and pass it down in the way of family and master and disciple, not publicizing it.

Generally, this kind of evolution method was explored personally.

One was to directly publicize the evolution method to the country and apply for a patent to become an honorary evolution planner of this evolution path in exchange for fame and benefits.

90% of Beast Tamers who had mastered evolutionary knowledge chose the former, and a small number of Beast Tamers chose the latter.

Most of the people who chose the latter had a monopoly on certain evolution resources or pets. There were greater benefits to be had.

Or, that person was an expert who got paid by the country.

Whether it was Bureau 11 or Ancient Capital University, they were clearly national institutions. The discovery of the iron-eating beast’s evolution was the result of everyone’s hard work. It had to be announced.

At that time, once the iron-eating beast evolution paper was published, regardless of whether it was Shi Yu, Hall Master Lin, or Ancient Capital University, they could obtain huge fame and benefits.

Especially Shi Yu, who had confirmed the evolution method. At his age, he would probably instantly become a new star in the archeological research world.

“Looks like I have to stay in the ancient capital for a while…” Hall Master Lin sighed.

The process of applying for the evolution patent was very complicated. They would probably be busy next.

“I’ll leave this matter to everyone.” Shi Yu smiled and said, “I don’t have any experience, so I won’t interfere. I’ll leave the study of the iron-eating beast’s evolution to everyone first.”

Everyone: “?”

Aren’t you the person in charge of this project?

What was the meaning of this? Was he going to let go of his responsibility?

“There are still three months before the vocation assessment. I haven’t even reached the passing line for registration. I plan to cultivate seriously for a period of time…”

“Otherwise, I feel like I’ll have to wait until next year.”

Shi Yu gave a reason, but most of it was because he wanted to go back and explore the proficiency above transcendent himself.

This was a huge project, and also a relatively important research route… He needed to have sufficient time to recuperate. In addition, he needed to meditate to increase his Beast Taming level, so he couldn’t find the time to study the Iron-eating Beast’s evolution with everyone.

It was more suitable for him to wait for the ready-made research results and gains.

“Uh, vocational assessment?”

Director Li and the others were stunned. They had almost forgotten that Shi Yu was still a Beast Tamer intern.

“It’s alright. Your own development is the most important.” Hall Master Lin nodded.

Shi Yu’s Little Iron Eating Beast was still very, very far away from evolution. It was indeed not important for it to upgrade itself by investing so much energy into researching evolution forms so early. He should do the research first.

Hall Master Lin felt that when Shi Yu’s Iron-eating Beast reached the evolution criteria, he should be able to help Shi Yu plan the most perfect evolution method.

He had to thank Shi Yu for successfully evolving the iron-eating beast. The best way to thank him was to help Shi Yu perfect the evolution path and provide him with convenience in the future.

“The vocation assessment happens once a year. Missing it will indeed have a greater impact.”

“Moreover, if I take the normal admission route, my professional identity is also necessary…”

After Shi Yu confirmed that he wanted to be a boss who left everything to others and concentrate on preparing for the vocation assessment, no one had any objections. They even agreed very much.

Everyone’s attention was quickly attracted by what happened next.

“Dean Hao, is there a suitable battlefield here? I want to see the current strength of the Iron-eating Beast,” Hall Master Lin said with anticipation.

Dean Hao laughed and expressed his understanding. “Of course.”

“You’re not the only one. We want to see it too. Let’s go.”

…

In the mechanical school, Dean Hao activated the technologically advanced steel arena to use on the battlefield for Hall Master Lin.

At this moment, apart from the Iron-eating Beasts present, Hall Master Lin summoned his nominal trump card that helped him become a master-level Beast Tamer, a pet that had grown into a monarch-level pet, the Diamond Ape King.

“Monkey, the Iron-eating Beast has finally evolved.”

“Come, test its strength.”

“Wait, it’s not a battle. Don’t move first. Try its attack power first.”

The Diamond Ape King: “?”

On the battlefield, the huge Golden-Furred Ape King fell into deep thought.

It looked at the impressive and domineering armed Iron-eating Beast in front of it. It immediately understood that this day had come.

Their feelings for each other had faded.

His Tamer was going to change his trump card.

New things were always better than old things.