Chapter 95 - Listening To The Voice Of History Again

Chapter 95: Listening to the Voice of History Again

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Then, Shi Yu and Director Li chatted a little more.

After getting his contact information, he bade farewell.

After all, both Director Li and the beast-eared girl should be very busy, so Shi Yu didn’t want to disturb them.

“Senior, thank you.”

After leaving the office building, Shi Yu thanked White Brook.

“No problem.”

White Brook stretched.

As expected of the beast-eared girl who could tear apart pets with her bare hands. Even her stretching looked very powerful. Shi Yu secretly took a look.

“Then do you still need me to show you around?” White Brook asked.

“There’s no need. Next, I want to mainly investigate this iron-eating beast ruin. It won’t be too late to explore the other facilities after I enter the school,” Shi Yu said.

After chatting with the archeological Seven Elites, Shi Yu realized that the archeological methods of the two worlds were really different.

After all, this was a world with transcendent power. He might really have to learn from the beginning, just like what Lu Qingyi said.

The Archeology Department of Ancient Capital University was a good entry point.

“Eh, alright. In that case, contact me if you have any questions.” White Brook nodded.

…

After Shi Yu and White Brook left, Director Li began to search for information related to the Iron-eating Beast Ruins. Then, he found the supervisor in charge of the ruins.

“Director Li, you were looking for me?”

The mentor of the Archeological Seven Elites came to the director’s room in confusion.

“Little Ding, your students are in charge of the Iron-eating Beast Ruins, right?” Director Li said with a smile.

“Yes.” Mentor Ding nodded.

“Next, the investigation priority of this Iron-eating Beast Ruins will be raised to the highest. I’ve arranged for another person in charge here. When the time comes, you have to cooperate with me fully.”

“Huh?” Mentor Ding was confused.

Wasn’t it just a small ruin of a tribe that worshiped iron-eating beasts? Could it be that there were new discoveries?

“Which supervisor is it?”

“Not a mentor. A reserve member of Bureau 11 introduced by Dr. Lu Qingyi. A young man. You just have to keep it in mind.”

“He should have made contact with your group of students now. He seems to have discovered a deeper value to this ruin.”

When Director Li finished speaking, Mentor Ding’s pupils constricted. Bureau 11?

“Yes.” He hurriedly nodded.

…

At the iron-eating beast ruins.

On a new day, Senior Panda and the archeological seven elites were very motivated.

They had already devoted themselves to researching for the whole morning. Just the relevant information they flipped through was more than 100,000 words.

This was an unimaginable motivation for the archeological seven elites who had been skiving previously.

It couldn’t be helped. The potential Eleven displayed was too strong.

It gave the illusion that as long as the iron-eating beast evolved, it would be invincible.

In the Beast Taming Domain, it was very impressive if one could develop the evolution method of a pet.

For example, those researchers who had researched different evolution paths for the Green Silkworm had already gained fame and fortune, walking to the peak of their lives.

Although the iron-eating beast wasn’t as popular as the green worm, it wasn’t bad either.

If they could figure out the evolution of the iron-eating beasts through archeological research, not only would they be rewarded by the school, but they would also be heavily rewarded on their resume.

At this moment, Zheng Yingjie was comparing the similarities between ruins and other ruins from 4500 years ago.

A phone call made him stop what he was doing.

“Mentor Ding?”

“What, the person in charge of the project is going to be changed?”

After saying a few words on the other end of the phone, Zheng Yingjie was stunned.

His conversation immediately attracted the attention of the others.

Change in person-in-charge?

The archeology seniors were stunned. No way!

At the moment, the person in charge of this ruin was their supervisor.

They had a good relationship with their mentor, and Mentor Ding even promised to assist in the investigation in two days.

This sudden change in person-in-charge definitely didn’t make it convenient for them, after all, they were already familiar with this mentor.

“I know the new person-in-charge?”

“He’s already come into contact with us? Who?”

Zheng Yingjie looked confused. Then, his expression suddenly changed drastically. He was stunned!

“This…”

After hearing the name of the new in-charge, Zheng Yingjie was confused.

A moment later, Zheng Yingjie hung up.

Lin Xiuzhu and the other six elites surrounded him and asked what was going on.

“What change in person-in-charge? What’s going on?” Wang Le said.

“Will it affect the research route we’ve already confirmed?” Lin Yu’er asked.

Zheng Yingjie was still confused. “Probably not.”

“Because…”

“Mentor Ding said that the in-charge of the Iron-eating Beast Ruins is Shi Yu. You didn’t hear wrongly. It’s that Junior Shi Yu from yesterday.”

“What??”

After Zheng Yingjie finished speaking, he wasn’t the only one who was stunned. Everyone else was.

Wang Le stuttered, “Wh-what’s going on?”

The others were also very stunned. He was just a junior who had yet to enroll in school. Why did he suddenly become the person in charge of the Archeological Department of Ancient Capital University?!

This leap was a little too big!

“Senior Lin?” Zheng Yingjie looked at Lin Xiuzhu.

At this moment, Lin Xiuzhu also had a puzzled expression and felt that he seemed to have heard wrongly.

“Who exactly is this Junior Shi Yu?” they asked.

In Lin Xiuzhu’s words, Shi Yu was introduced by Hall Master Lin and was from the same hometown as Lin Xiuzhu.

It was such an ordinary identity and background, how did it suddenly become related to Ancient Capital University?

He was in charge of an homework project and was at least at the level of a university teacher.

“You’re asking me but, who should I ask?” Lin Xiuzhu crossed his arms and couldn’t figure it out.

Shi Yu’s identity was indeed very strange. At the start, she also felt that Shi Yu was very ordinary.

But for some baffling reason, Shi Yu was nurtured as a personal disciple by his father…

This was before Eleven awakened its ancient bloodline.

There were so many iron-eating beasts, but why did Eleven have to awaken an ancient bloodline?

This was also the reason why Lin Xiuzhu felt that Shi Yu was extraordinary. It wasn’t that the ancient bloodline had formed Shi Yu and Eleven, but because it was Shi Yu that Eleven could awaken the ancient bloodline.

“He should come over later. When the time comes, I’ll personally ask him what’s going on…”

Shi Yu was indeed on his way to the Iron-Eating Beast Ruins.

During the car ride, Shi Yu was in a daze as he meditated.

So slow…

In the future, it looked like he had to contract a flying pet that was proficient in speed.

However, even if he didn’t contract it, he could still rely on bugs to transform.

The skill, Illusionary Phantom, was simply an all-purpose tool skill. Worms also seemed to be all-purpose tool pets. In the future, everything could change.

For example, if it transformed into a frost dragon, it could also fly.

Of course, although the frost dragon could fly, it wasn’t known for its speed. Moreover, being a Dragon Knight in a city was too ostentatious.

It was easy to be shot down as an unknown flying object.

In addition, the ability of the substantialized phantom was definitely a little inferior to the main body.

At least, at the moment, the ice dragons formed by the bugs could not even defeat pets of the same level of growth as high-level transcendent races, let alone real frost dragons of overlord races.

…

Soon, Shi Yu arrived at the iron-eating beast ruins.

When Yu came over, he realized that Senior Panda and the archeological seven elites were looking at him strangely.

“Uh.” Shi Yu was slightly stunned.

“Junior, what’s going on? Why have you suddenly become the main person in charge of this ruin…” Zheng Yingjie smiled bitterly, very confused.

“I felt that there wasn’t enough attention on this ruin, so I contacted your Director Li through a friend.” Shi Yu smiled.

“Huh?”

The few of them looked at Shi Yu in confusion. What friend was so powerful?

He could actually directly use his connections with Director Li.

“In short, this is a good thing,” Shi Yu said. “Next, the school will probably cooperate with us to investigate this ruin. The composition analysis of the metal piece might be completed in two to three days.”

The few of them looked at each other.

“Alright…” Seeing that Shi Yu didn’t intend to talk about it in detail, everyone tactfully stopped asking.

However, at this moment, they didn’t dare to treat Shi Yu as an ordinary junior.

This was clearly a super relation in Ancient Capital University!

After he entered university, it was still uncertain who would look after whom.

“Does my father know this friend you’re talking about?”

After everyone dispersed to work, Lin Xiuzhu leaned beside Shi Yu and asked softly.

She remembered that her father had also said that Shi Yu was entrusted by an acquaintance to study at Bamboo Stone Dojo.

“I think so,” Shi Yu said. This friend had two interpretations. One was Senior Lu, while the other was the beast-eared senior. As for the former, Lin Hongnian definitely knew her.

“I see.” The panda senior nodded and smiled. “Alright, I didn’t expect you to become the person in charge of this project after a day.”

Shi Yu grinned. “It’s our duty to revive the glory of the iron-eating beasts.”

“Speaking of which, if we really develop the evolution of the iron-eating beasts, will the price of the iron-eating beasts in the Iron Bamboo Breeding Base increase?”

Lin Xiuzhu was stunned. He did not expect Shi Yu to have thought of this either.

Generally speaking, if a pet was discovered to have a new evolution, or if a certain Beast Tamer used a certain type of pet to kill in major competitions, it would affect the price of this pet to a certain extent.

“According to the market demand, it’s really possible…”

She fell into deep thought. So, should she let her father catch more wild iron-eating beasts in the wild to enrich the number of iron-eating beasts in the breeding base?

Lin Xiuzhu felt that if the iron-eating beasts in the breeding base were to be bred normally, the supply would be insufficient. Sigh, why couldn’t the iron-eating beasts be willing to make babies on their own? She blushed slightly.

…

Although he had become the in-charge of the Iron-eating Beast Ruins, Shi Yu was still like a junior most of the time.

He had many things to consult with the Archeological Seven Elites.

These people looked like bad students, but it wasn’t like they didn’t have any real talent. After all, they had been studying in university for a while.

In contrast, the knowledge accumulated by Shi Yu’s previous life seemed to be of little use here. There were still many new things to learn.

After confirming the research direction, everyone began to study it step by step.

About two days later, Mentor Ding arrived at the Iron-eating Beast Ruins.

For the past two days, he had been assisting in analyzing the elemental composition of the metal sheet at the school. Now that he had worked overtime, he finally had a result.

“Nice to meet you, Student Shi Yu.”

Mentor Ding was a middle-aged man in his thirties. He was gentle and elegant, and his expression was kind.

This was the first time he and Shi Yu had met, but both parties had long heard of each other.

“Hello, Mentor Ding.”

Shi Yu and Mentor Ding shook hands.

“Mentor Ding.”

The seven archeological elites were also very excited that their mentor had come.

This meant that there was some progress in this research.

“After two days of analysis, we can already confirm that this metal piece is mainly composed of six types of metal elements.”

Tutor Ding took the information and communicated with everyone.

“Among the six metal minerals, there are two level-five metal resources, three level-six metal resources, and one level-seven metal resource.”

Various cultivation resources could be divided into ten levels.

For example, pets in the Awakening Stage usually corresponded to level 1 resources.

Resources above level five were basically mainstream resources used by master-level Beast Tamers and even legendary Beast Tamers.

This alloy piece contained the composition of six high-level metal resources. It made everyone excited but also within expectations.

They were excited because if this metal piece was really a part of the Iron-eating Beast’s evolution form, then the species level of the Iron-eating Beast’s evolution form might not be low. After all, it had used so many high-level metal resources.

It was within expectations because Eleven was already so strong even before evolution. It was natural for it to be unstoppable after evolution.

Mentor Ding took out the information on every metal resource and said,

“Among them, they are respectively level-five metal mineral resources, Golden Jade, and Green Heart Sand.”

“Level-six metal mineral resources, Mysterious Purple Copper Mine, Heavenly Silver Iron, Blue Gray Pure Gold.”

“Level-seven metal mineral resource, meteor iron.”

“Thank you for your hard work,” Shi Yu said.

“Not at all.” Mentor Ding laughed and said, “Next, are you planning to study these resources?”

“These resources are expensive. If there’s no accurate experimental research route, it might cost a lot of money.”

“But the school has some reserves for these resources. We can still afford a certain amount for now. We have to buy more.”

At this moment, Lin Xiuzhu and the Archeological Seven Elites were stunned. Indeed, there were too many high-level resources. Ordinary people couldn’t afford to experiment at all!

If they really wanted to study it in depth, the research funds would probably reach hundreds of millions.

“There’s no need for the experiment. Let’s start with the nature of these materials,” Shi Yu said.

After confirming the composition of the metal piece, he also understood that it might be very difficult to spend money to study the evolution of the iron-eating beast.

It was better not to test it blindly without a concrete plan. Shi Yu did not want to waste tens of millions or hundreds of millions of yuan.

Usually, when researchers studied the evolution of pets, they would first summarize the feasible theories, analyze the success rate, and then conduct experiments. Very few people directly fed and tested the materials blindly. Money wasn’t obtained from thin air.

“Alright.” Mentor Ding nodded and said, “If you need anything, just tell me.”

…

Next, Shi Yu and the others had an additional research mission.

It was to study the nature of the six metal minerals and analyze the different combinations of reactions between them in theory.

This homework that was focused on research was not Shi Yu’s main focus for the time being. He handed it to Lin Xiuzhu and the others to do.

What he was most concerned about was what the nine special symbols represented.

Shi Yu checked a lot of information about that era and realized that this symbol only appeared on the iron-eating beast ruins. There were too few clues…

With insufficient clues, Shi Yu could only place all his hopes on his special talent.

“Lu Qingyi said that the activation of the talent of ‘listening to the Voice of History’ requires a certain opportunity.”

“The deeper the user’s contact with that historical environment, the deeper the exploration, the deeper the obsession, and the deeper the understanding, the easier it is to listen to the voice of history.”

It was precisely because of this that Shi Yu stared at the metal piece every day and even carried Eleven to look at the murals.

It looked a little silly, but they all hoped to establish a connection between themselves and this ruin.

Just like that, half a month had passed since Shi Yu arrived at the ancient capital.

He went to practice phantom transformation in the morning and came here in the afternoon to investigate. Time passed quickly.

For the past half a month, Shi Yu had mainly been meditating on his own. He didn’t give Eleven and the Green Silkworm any additional points. They were all training on their own.

“Wuu.” Eleven didn’t even care if he added points.

In the past half a month, it had been training especially hard. This was because Shi Yu had stopped increasing its points, giving it a chance to catch its breath. It could finally make the best use of its time to repay the debt.

However, what confused Eleven was why Shi Yu always carried it to look at murals and metal pieces every day!

Shi Yu had no choice. He didn’t plan on treating it as a mascot!

He hoped that he could hear the voice of history through the connection between Eleven and the iron-eating beast ruins.

However, after half a month, there still didn’t seem to be any substantial effect?

Even Eleven advised Shi Yu to give up.

“Wu wu!!!”

What lousy evolution form? It was fine even if it didn’t want it. Even so, it could still become the strongest!

Eleven laid on Shi Yu’s shoulder and squirmed for a moment. Then, she stood up and climbed onto Shi Yu’s head. It said confidently.

“As long as I’m sincere, it’ll work! Be good!” Shi Yu educated him. It made sense, but shouldn’t this panda show some respect and save some face for its ancestors!

Crack!

However, just as Eleven finished speaking, a small crack appeared in the stone wall in front of Shi Yu and the others, scaring Eleven and Shi Yu.

“Damn, what’s going on?” Shi Yu took a step back with a shocked expression.

It cracked?

Why did this situation feel so familiar?

“Sob.” Eleven spoke carefully on Shi Yu’s shoulder. Did it say something wrong?

Shi Yu fell into deep thought. He suddenly felt that his heart was beating abnormally and his mind was in a daze.

In short, he seemed to have sensed it.

He was gradually resonating with this ruin.

“No, that’s right. Perhaps this ruin is special, so we have to use agitation.”

Shi Yu took a deep breath and said to the ruins through telepathy, “The Iron-eating Beast’s evolution is only so-so.”

Crack, the crack deepened a little.

“It probably isn’t a powerful evolution form. Otherwise, it wouldn’t have been lost.”

Boom!

After saying this, the stone wall of the ruins trembled slightly and dust fell. Shi Yu’s brain rumbled.

He seemed to have entered the special state when he explored the ruins and saw a historical image.

Shi Yu was stunned…

“F*ck, I think I’ve found a new way to listen to the Voice of History? I thought that it would work only if I was sincere? Why didn’t you follow the routine, stupid wall!”

1