Chapter 97 - The Iron Eater Has Really Evolved

Chapter 97: The Iron Eater Has Really Evolved

Icefield City, Ping Cheng.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Hall Master Lin Hongnian was meditating in the martial arts hall.

Suddenly, a call interrupted his cultivation.

“Xiu Zhu?”

Seeing the caller, Lin Hongnian was slightly stunned.

For the past half a month, he had taken the initiative to call Lin Xiuzhu every day to ask about the investigation progress of the iron-eating beast ruins.

And the news they received was not very good. There was no progress.

Today, his daughter actually took the initiative to call. Did she gain anything?

Lin Hongnian picked up the call with a nervous heart.

On the other side, he was pleasantly surprised.

“Dad, Shi Yu has confirmed the iron-eating beast’s evolution method, but he requires the iron-eating beast to master transcendent Level Hardening. Do you want to give it a try?”

Whoosh!

Hall Master Lin suddenly got up and widened his eyes.

“Really?”

He asked with anticipation.

“Yes, but the experimental fee for evolution materials might be a “bit” expensive.”

“Can you bear to?” Lin Xiuzhu asked.

Level-five resources matched ordinary master-level Beast Tamers.

Level-six resources matched top-notch masters.

Level-seven resources matched legendary Beast Tamers.

The evolution materials of the Iron-eating Beasts included two types of level five, three types of level six, and one level seven resource. The price could be easily imagined.

Moreover, as the first batch of people to try, if something went wrong midway, the experimental fee would definitely be considerable.

“There’s nothing to be reluctant about. Money is just for spending.”

“In any case, this little savings of ours will all be your dowry in the future. At most, the dowry will be gone. Xiu Zhu, you have to rely on yourself in the future.” Hall Master Lin was quite honest.

Panda:???

He was right. After all, Lin Xiuzhu was an only child…

“It doesn’t matter!” After a moment of silence, the panda senior said.

She didn’t need these things either. The evolution of the iron-eating beast was important!

Bamboo Stone Dojo and Iron Bamboo Breeding Base were both businesses of Lin Xiuzhu’s family.

Apart from that, they also had the ownership of two energy crystal mines.

As for some additional food-related industries they were part of, they were supplementary. They were purely icing on the cake.

Although Hall Master Lin was only an ordinary master-level Beast Tamer, he was far richer than other Beast Tamers of the same level. He could be said to be the richest person in Ping Cheng.

After all, their family had been running the Iron-eating Beast Breeding Base for several generations, and they had wealth.

But because of this, he had an unusual obsession with the iron-eating beast.

If it were an ordinary master-level Beast Tamer, they would have long eliminated the Iron-eating Beast from the team.

But Lin Hongnian’s family was different. Instead, they invested a large amount of cultivation resources on the iron-eating beast.

Generally speaking, race level determined the upper and lower limit of growth.

For example, if a creature’s species level was at the transcendent rank, with sufficient nutrition and good growth, it really wasn’t difficult for it to fully reach the transcendent level. It was just a matter of time.

However, when the growth level exceeded his race level, it was very difficult to continue growing. The growth difficulty would gradually increase.

At that time, the resources needed to be invested in training would increase by several times. It was much more expensive than the cost of training high-level pets.

However, under such restrictions, Lin Hongnian actually cultivated the iron-eating beast of a middle-level transcendent race to nearly the level of a monarch.

If it weren’t for the racial restrictions, Lin Hongnian would even be willing to spend a lot of money to smash the iron-eating beast to the level of a monarch.

After all, a pet that grew to the level of a monarch was the standard for a normal master-level Beast Tamer.

Before deciding on a feasible plan, Hall Master Lin had already dared to smash so many resources on the iron-eating beast. Now that he had a concrete plan, he naturally dared to invest even more resources.

“That’s good. I’ll go to the ancient capital now!”

At the moment, nothing was more important than the Iron Eater’s evolution.

…

In the suburbs of Ancient Capital, at the ruins of Iron-eating Beasts.

After informing her father, she fell into deep thought.

“How is it?”

On Shi Yu and Panda’s side, they completed the interrogation at almost the same time.

“Director Li said that Ancient Capital University will provide us with some technical support.”

“We will invite experts to help us forge alloy battle armor,” Shi Yu said.

Those metal ores were all high-level resources with very strange attributes. It was not easy to forge alloys.

At least, students like Shi Yu and the others definitely couldn’t operate it alone.

“My father also said he would rush over immediately.”

“In that case, as long as the evolution method is correct, it’s basically stable?” Zheng Yingjie asked.

Everyone looked at Shi Yu.

Therefore, after speaking for a long time, it still depended on whether the evolution method was reliable.

“Don’t worry, history won’t deceive people.”

Shi Yu was rather confident.

However, if the ruins dared to deceive him, he would definitely come here and say strange things for a month before leaving.

He would get revenge.

“It’s getting late. Let’s go eat,” Shi Yu said as he touched his stomach.

Everyone: “Seconded!”

…

That day, Hall Master Lin arrived at the ancient capital.

It was unknown if he used the master-level privilege to jump in line or flew over with his flying pet.

After everyone arrived, Shi Yu, Senior Panda, the Archeological Seven Elites, Mentor Ding, Director Li, and Hall Master Lin gathered in one of the lecture rooms of Ancient Capital University.

Apart from them, there was also an expert invited by Director Li at the scene. He was a Mechanic.

For a powerful Mechanic, being proficient in materials science and forging was also a basic skill. For example, those mechanical life pets were all created by them.

For them, as long as they had the materials, it wasn’t difficult to create a Gundam with their bare hands.

High-level Mechanics were elite talents even rarer than Dragon Tamers. Usually, the rarity of a Mechanic was at least one level higher than a Beast Tamer who specialized in other pets.

“This is Dean Hao, the dean of our Ancient Capital University’s Mechanical College, a top-level Mechanic.”

Director Li introduced them very politely.

“Nice to meet you, Dean Hao!”

Hall Master Lin was flattered. He didn’t expect that the research on the iron-eating beast’s evolution this time would actually be made into such a big scene by Shi Yu, Lin Xiuzhu, and the others.

One was the dean of the Archeology Department of the Ancient Capital University, the other the dean of the Ancient Capital University’s Mechanical College. Even if all the presidents of the associations in Icefield City were added together, they wouldn’t be as impressive as the two of them.

“Master Lin, you’re welcome.”

Dean Hao was in his thirties, but he didn’t look old. He smiled and looked at everyone, especially at Shi Yu, who was sitting with Lin Xiuzhu, the Archeological Seven Elites, and the others.

He knew that this group of people had gathered here because of Shi Yu.

He came because of Shi Yu’s identity.

When Dean Hao heard that this project was led by a small member of Bureau 11 who would join Ancient Capital University in the future, he immediately decided to help without a word.

Although at his level, everyone was equal even when facing official members of Bureau 11, this didn’t stop him from doing this small member a favor.

Besides, Director Li had also asked him for help. It was common for the departments of Ancient Capital University to cooperate with each other, so there was no need to refuse.

Everyone quickly got to the point.

“If you have that metal piece as a reference, it’s not very difficult to forge these six materials into alloy equipment.”

“If it goes smoothly, it should be completed in three days.”

“But the wisdom of the ancients is really impressive. After all, even if they use modern technology, it’s not easy to complete such a process.”

Dean Hao immediately reassured everyone.

Anything that an ancient blacksmith could do, they, the modern Mechanics, could do too!

“The problem now is what kind of equipment Master Lin plans to create.”

Everyone looked at Shi Yu and Hall Master Lin. After all, according to the information provided by Shi Yu, the evolution of the iron-eating beast had no requirements for the style of the armor.

Even a pair of sharp claws and a shield could assist the Iron-eating Beast in its evolution.

However, according to the way a normal person thought, they would definitely feel that the more materials they used, the greater the potential after evolution.

In fact, they would even feel that the rarer and higher the level of the materials used, the greater the potential of evolution.

The latter was clearly unreliable. Many pets needed specific materials to evolve. A slight difference might lead to failure.

The same food provided completely different nutrition to humans, animals, and plants. Compatibility and needs were the most important.

There had been countless cases of evolution failures due to the random filling of high-level materials in evolution experiments.

Now that he had confirmed the evolution materials, trying to innovate would be wasting his effort.

However, the current situation was that the types of evolution materials didn’t need to change, but the number of evolution materials seemed to be able to change. The point of quantitative change causing a qualitative change seemed to be feasible.

Shi Yu had already told Hall Master Lin about this.

Regardless of the scale of the battle armor, it could assist in evolution. Everything depended on Hall Master Lin’s choice.

Hall Master Lin said, “Then let’s be fully armed. From top to bottom, head, body, limbs, and claws, we’ll be fully armed.”

He decided to play it big.

After all, the amount of evolution materials might affect the Iron-eating Beast’s potential after evolution.

“In this way, judging from the already confirmed alloy ratio, there are a lot of materials used.” After thinking carefully, Dean Hao estimated a value and said it.

A minimum of nine digits might require evolution materials worth hundreds of millions.

When such a huge amount was said, Shi Yu, Senior Panda, and the seven archeological heroes felt their hearts bleed.

If the evolution failed, would it all go down the drain?

“Why don’t we try a claw?” Shi Yu rubbed his nose. This way, even if we fail, we won’t lose much.

Lin Hongnian: “Then can it still wear new equipment after evolution?”

“Uh.” Shi Yu was stunned and felt that it was impossible.

“That’s it!” Hall Master Lin also gathered his courage. He felt that the family business passed down by his ancestor would probably be completely squandered by him and Lin Xiuzhu to study the evolution of the iron-eating beasts.

However, in order to restore the Iron-eating Beast’s glory, everything was worth it.

Moreover, even if he failed, the alloy battle armor he forged could still be used.

Even if it couldn’t be an evolution tool, it could just wear it like that. It was equivalent to buying a shirt for the iron-eating beast.

Judging from the material of this metal piece, after the Iron-eating Beast wore it, it felt that there was no problem resisting the monarch-level creature skills.

He convinced himself that it wouldn’t be a loss.

At this moment, Shi Yu felt the craziness of the father and daughter and couldn’t help but turn around to look at Eleven on his shoulder.

Good heavens, he was still lamenting the price of the green worm’s evolution materials.

In the end, Eleven’s isn’t cheap either!

Eleven: Sob.

…

Next, with the help of the Mechanical College to forge armor, Shi Yu and the others temporarily placed their focus on researching the evolution of the iron-eating beast.

Not to mention the original team, even Director Li and Mentor Ding came to the scene of the iron-eating beast ruins to investigate again.

The reason was very simple, because the evolution materials of the iron-eating beasts were expensive enough!

Generally speaking, the evolution materials of this level had to be at least at the level of a monarch, right?

If it was successful, this news would appear.

“The Archeology Department of Ancient Capital University had discovered the “method for Iron-eating Beasts to evolve into a monarch race” through archeology. This was undoubtedly big news. Director Li and Mentor Ding had to pay attention.”

“I feel that it’s at least at the low-level monarch level.”

“It’s even possible for it to be at the middle class monarch level.”

“I’ve long felt that the race potential of the Iron-eating Beasts is low. After all, their basic qualities aren’t bad either. Now, it seems that they’re just like the Green Silkworm. They both need to train their race’s prerequisite skills to a certain extent before they can completely unearth their race’s potential through the evolution opportunity.”

Everyone discussed.

Lin Hongnian even smiled the whole time, as if the iron-eating beast had successfully evolved.

Lin Xiuzhu said, “Perhaps it’s the racial potential determined by the number of evolution materials used. For example, if it’s only armed with sharp claws, its species rank might only be commander rank after evolution, but if it’s fully armed, it might be able to reach monarch rank.”

Her point of view was approved by Hall Master Lin. That had to be the case. Otherwise, wouldn’t their money be wasted?

“Shiyu, what do you think?” Hall Master Lin smiled at Shi Yu.

“I think it’s at least the Mythical level,” said Shi Yu.

Everyone: “?”

Eleven:??

Shi Yu: “I’m just kidding.”

Everyone:…

Shi Yu smiled.

However, although it was a joke, was it really a joke?

It had been discovered that there was some connection between this ruin and Earth myth.

In that case, was it possible that the saying that the Iron-eating Beast was Chi You’s mount?

The evolution of the Iron-eating Beasts was almost evolved using various weapons and armor.

Shi Yu felt that this evolution method somewhat matched Chi You’s title of “Armament Master”.

At the same time, it was also recorded in the history of Earth that Chi You was the first to do this. The tribe that forged armor for the iron-eating beasts was also very good at forging alloys.

Therefore, if the two histories were really related, he felt that it wasn’t too much for the Iron-eating Beast to have Mythical potential.

Of course, this potential was definitely not triggered by just a single evolution.

“I actually have another question.”

Shi Yu immediately said.

“That is, what the special inscription on the metal plate means.”

“Could it be a medium to activate a certain skill, or even a requirement for second-stage evolution?” Shi Yu asked.

In the scene he saw, after the iron-eating beasts carved special inscriptions on their bodies, their postures felt like they had undergone a second stage evolution.

It was really hard not to be suspicious.

“This kind of inscription is indeed strange. It’s the first time I’ve seen it, but it’s more likely to be the exclusive symbol of their own tribe,” Director Li said as he looked at the symbol on the mural.

“If a symbol can allow a pet to awaken its skills and evolve again, it’s a little unscientific.”

“Well, it has to be like what Student Shi Yu said. Unless it’s traces are carved with some rare resource, only then can it be possible.” Mentor Ding also judged. “But there are no other components of energy detected on the metal piece.”

It was either other resources or its own claws!

It had to be said that if Shi Yu had not seen the operation of the iron-eating beasts, he would have also thought that what Director Li and Mentor Ding said was scientific.

It was very normal for a tribe to have their own symbol.

Instead, it was unscientific to rely on drawing on oneself to evolve.

“It’s not ugly anyway. When the time comes, if the Iron-eating Beast can really evolve, let it try carving one too. It’ll be a memento,” Lin Hongnian stared at the stone wall and said casually.

Everyone smiled. That was fine too.

They would treat it as thanks that this ruin provided an evolution method.

“The path became wider.” Shi Yu was stunned.

…

Time flew.

In just a day, the Mechanical College had made an alloy battle armor according to Hall Master Lin’s request.

This speed was something Shi Yu and the others did not expect.

Therefore, three days was still a conservative estimate.

Everyone was pleasantly surprised.

It seemed that it was always right to set a few more days to complete an executive task.

It could be a surprise if it was completed in advance.

If the creator didn’t want to rush it, they could take things slow as well.

“How is it, haha!”

In a huge display room of the Mechanical College in Ancient Capital University, an exquisite set of armor was hung on the wall.

The material of the battle armor was more like bronze, its color deeper than bronze, and it was darker than dark green. No, it was more suitable to describe it with dark green.

If one didn’t look carefully, it was actually a black armor.

“Perfect, it feels like the material is exactly the same as that metal piece,” the Archeological Seven Elites exclaimed.

Director Li and Mentor Ding also looked at the armor with interest.

The panda senior’s beautiful eyes even flowed with anticipation as she imagined the scene of the Iron-eating Beast wearing this armor.

Although the panda bed was gone, she felt that it would be very handsome in battle?

“Do you want to experiment with the evolution method you guys are talking about now?” Dean Hao laughed.

He had personally made this armor.

He also wanted to see how this armor could evolve the Iron-eating Beast.

“Hall Master Lin.” Shi Yu looked at Hall Master Lin Hongnian.

At this moment, Lin Hongnian was more nervous than anyone.

Of course, Shi Yu was definitely very nervous too. He asked Eleven on his shoulder telepathically, “How is it? Do you feel handsome?”

“Uncle Lin is using his Iron-eating Beast as an experiment for your future development path.”

“Sob.” Eleven bit its hand and looked at the armor. It kept feeling that eating it was better than wearing…

“Foodie!”

Shi Yu was speechless. “Aren’t you afraid of breaking your teeth!?”

“Let the Iron-eating Beast wear armor and then use the transcendent Level Hardening Fusion Armor, right?” Under everyone’s gaze, Hall Master Lin took a deep breath and nodded. “Then let’s give it a try.”

Then, he started to summon his Iron-eating Beast.

Hu hu hu ~ ~

In the transparent blue circular summoning array, an extremely strong iron-eating beast with a serious expression walked out.

“Wuu!!!”

After it came out, it immediately greeted the big shots present according to the Beast Tamer’s instructions.

Everyone looked at the Iron-eating Beast that had been cultivated to the limit of its species and nodded.

As expected of an iron-eating beast cultivation expert. Ordinary Beast Tamers probably couldn’t nurture this iron-eating beast.

“Put it on yourself.”

Lin Hongnian ordered the Iron-eating Beast. At this moment, the Iron-eating Beast also looked at the battle armor hanging on the wall, and its heart tightened for some reason.

Lin Hongnian had long taught the iron-eating beast how to evolve.

Therefore, at this moment, when it saw this fitting battle armor, the Iron-eating Beast didn’t hesitate much. It directly draped it over itself according to the Beast Tamer’s orders.

Under the sound of metal colliding, the Iron-eating Beast put on its armor and was fully armed. It originally looked very impressive, but now, it looked even more impressive.

“It looks a little like the rune battle bear in World of Warcraft?” Shi Yu looked at it and muttered in his heart. However, the bear in the armor had changed to a panda.

“Wuu!!!”

At this moment, under everyone’s gaze, Lin Hongnian’s Iron-eating Beast continued to follow the operation step by step.

After putting on the battle armor, it began to use Transcendent Level Hardening.

Buzz!

In an instant, the hardening substance covered all the armor. This was one of the signs of transcendent hardening. Apply it and apply the hardening substance to other objects.

After this operation, the color of the armor became even darker.

Right on the heels of that, the Iron-eating Beast started the next step. It used the second property of the transcendentX Level Hardening and released it. That was, it released the Hardening Material to fill the gap between itself and the armor, allowing the armor to completely merge with itself through Hardening!

After this operation, in the eyes of everyone, the Iron-eating Beast seemed to have really become one with the armor. Both parties were incomparably coordinated!

At this moment, an exciting scene appeared.

“Wuu!!!”

The Iron-eating Beast was first stunned. Then, its body began to emit a powerful aura!

Everyone took a step back and looked at it in shock.

Following that, the iron-eating beast’s body began to suffuse a white light, undergoing growth and transformation. It could also be said to have broken through!

No, while it was growing and transforming, it was still evolving!!

“Wuu!!!!” With a roar, the Iron-eating Beast’s body kept growing and enlarging under the cover of the light. In the blink of an eye, even its previous battle armor became nearly three meters tall!!

The light faded, and the three-meter-tall Iron-eating Beast appeared in front of everyone. The unscientific thing was that not only did the Iron-eating Beast become bigger, but its armor also became bigger in proportion!

“Success???!”

Everyone looked at the iron-eating beast with shocked expressions.

Especially Dean Hao, Dean Li, Mentor Ding, and the others, they all sensed the current state of the iron-eating beast!

It had broken through to the monarch level!

It was very difficult for a pet of an extraordinary race to break through to the level of a monarch. Right now, the greatest possibility for it to break through so smoothly was that the iron-eating beast had successfully completed its evolution. The increase in race level led to the increase in growth level!

The power just now was… the deterrence skill that was awakening!

Everyone looked at Hall Master Lin. At this moment, only Hall Master Lin Hongnian, who was contracted with the iron-eating beast, could understand its state the best.

“It really evolved…”

“Monarch level!”

Lin Hongnian was stunned for a long time. Then, he was overjoyed. He wished he could kiss Shi Yu, who had provided him with the evolution method!

“Not only did it evolve, it also broke through. Apart from awakening deterrence, it also awakened three new skills!!”