Chapter 91 - Ancient Inscription

Chapter 91: Ancient Inscription

“Achoo!”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

In the mountains outside the suburbs of Ancient Capital.

A woman in a black and white exploration suit subconsciously sneezed and shook her head hard. She kept feeling that someone was talking about her behind her back!

“Sister Xiuzhu, did you catch a cold?”

“We’re enough here. Why don’t you go and rest for a while?”

Not far from the woman, a short-haired woman in a brown archeological suit said beside a stone wall of a ruin.

“Why would I? I’m fine skiing in my hometown’s snow mountain. No problem,” Lin Xiuzhu replied with a smile.

“That’s true.”

The short-haired woman patted her head. Everyone was a professional Beast Tamer now. Although it was a little cold here, it shouldn’t affect them at all.

This was the ruins of the iron-eating beast.

Currently, there were a total of eight archeological teams investigating this ruin.

There were five men and three women. Seven of them were students from the Archeology Department of Ancient Capital University. As for Lin Xiuzhu, she was a researcher of the Iron-eating Beast and had been invited here to assist in the investigation.

Everyone had already investigated this ruin for a period of time. The collection and sorting of some ancient tools, stone carvings, and other ancient artifacts had already been completed, but there was still a lot of special information at the scene that couldn’t be deciphered.

The ultimate goal of archeology was to restore the true history of that time. At the moment, these people clearly had yet to investigate the meaning behind this ruin.

Lin Xiuzhu looked at the archeological student who was investigating and fishing at the same time and sighed.

The only known information was that this was the ruins of a tribe that worshiped iron-eating beasts in the ancient times. There was nothing here at all.

Initially, she thought that she could find new discoveries related to the iron-eating beasts. It seemed that she was overthinking…

“Pops?”

Just as Lin Xiuzhu felt helpless, her cell phone suddenly rang.

After seeing the contact, her expression relaxed.

Dad came back from the snow mountain?

Hmph, this old man must have called immediately when he realized that she was still not at home because he missed her too much!

“Hello…”

Lin Xiuzhu left the site and picked up the phone. Lin Hongnian’s voice immediately came from the other side.

“Xiu Zhu, are you still investigating the iron-eating beast ruins with those juniors?”

“Yeah.”

“How’s the progress?”

“There’s no substantial progress, but I heard that the teacher from the archeology department will come to guide the scene in two days. There might be a breakthrough.”

“Father, aren’t you not very concerned about this ruin? Why are you suddenly asking about this?” Lin Xiuzhu curled his lips.

Back then, when her teacher informed her that the Iron-eating Beast Ruins had appeared in the ancient capital and invited her to assist in the research, Lin Hongnian was unhappy.

What was there to research about a broken ruin? Living in the past, it was better to train pets and pursue new breakthroughs.

The ancient people’s understanding of iron-eating beasts might not necessarily be stronger than that of modern Beast Tamers.

“Hehehe…” Lin Hongnian let out an awkward laugh. However, how could he have known that the Iron-eating Beasts actually had the so-called ancient bloodline? There were already traces of the Iron-eating Beast’s evolution in ancient times. This was really a slap in the face.

“The situation is different. Xiu Zhu, Shi Yu is also in the Ancient Capital now. I’ve already contacted him. Next, contact him again and get him to assist you in investigating this ruin.”

“Ah, why?” Lin Xiuzhu was stunned. Shi Yu?

What did Shi Yu have to do with this Iron-eating Beast Ruin?

“During the time that you weren’t in Ping Cheng, Shi Yu had already cracked the ruin that appeared in Ping Cheng. Because of some opportunities, his Iron-eating Beast even awakened an ancient bloodline through the evolution holy spring in Icefield City and captured the traces of evolution.”

“This is also why I suddenly value the iron-eating beast ruins you mentioned previously. In short, if you haven’t made any progress, perhaps you can invite Shi Yu to give it a try.”

“What!!!”

As Lin Hongnian finished speaking, Lin Xiuzhu couldn’t help but shout.

This shout immediately made the others in the archeological team look at them in confusion.

What’s wrong with Senior Panda?

Could it be that they had not investigated anything new for too long, causing Senior Panda to completely collapse?

“Yes, I understand. I’ll contact him now!”

After Lin Hongnian explained it clearly, Lin Xiuzhu’s eyes flickered, and her whole body glowed with vitality again.

After hanging up, she looked at the juniors who were trying their best to slack off and said,

“Everyone, there’s new progress.”

“I just received information from my father that the iron-eating beasts had an evolution form in ancient times. Next, we might be able to investigate in this direction!!”

“He hired someone to assist us in our research. He can rush over later.”

“Really?!” When Lin Xiuzhu finished speaking, the group of archeology students were stunned, and then they revealed looks of joy.

They naturally knew who Lin Xiuzhu’s father was. After all, he was a slightly famous master-level Beast Tamer.

Since it was information from Hall Master Lin, there must be some basis.

“Senior, when is the expert you mentioned arriving? Do you need us to meet him?”

Everyone was looking forward to it. Although this was just a small ruin and didn’t seem to have any important information, if they could decipher the ancient evolution form of a pet, it would be a pretty good harvest. They estimated that they could earn a lot of credits.

“Wait a minute, I’ll give him a call.”

“Plus, I’m not sure if he is an expert anymore…”

…

After speaking to Hall Master Lin, Shi Yu was no longer sleepy.

He couldn’t fall asleep at all, thinking about the so-called ancient Iron-eating Beast ruins.

A moment later, he received a call from Lin Xiuzhu.

“No need. Tell me the address. I’ll take a taxi there.”

Shi Yu could not help but find it funny when he heard the anticipation, nervousness, and anxiety in her voice.

He immediately imagined the helpless image of Panda senior standing outside the ruins.

“Alright, I’ll remember the address.”

Shi Yu quickly confirmed the address of the ancient Iron-eating Beast Ruins with Lin Xiuzhu and started packing.

At the same time, he didn’t forget the most important thing…

“Eleven!”

Shi Yu chuckled and pulled Eleven out of the space.

Eleven: o(≧口≦)o

It seemed to say, “What now?”

“Uh, how should I put it? Dig… no, look at the ruins of your ancestors? Together?!”

Eleven:???

Eleven was stunned before being tricked by Shi Yu.

The ruins weren’t that far away.

In less than two hours, Shi Yu arrived outside the mountain range of the suburbs of Ancient Capital.

After Shi Yu arrived at his destination, the group of students from Ancient Capital University had already come to welcome Shi Yu under Lin Xiuzhu’s lead at the entrance of the mountain.

“He’s here!”

As Lin Xiuzhu saw Shi Yu’s figure, she was pleasantly surprised. The group of archeology students also sized up Shi Yu.

Just now, they had already gotten a rough understanding of Shi Yu from Lin Xiuzhu.

He was from the same hometown as Lin Xiuzhu. He had an Iron-eating Beast that had awakened an ancient bloodline. He had also participated in the cracking of ruins!

However, he was a young Beast Tamer and not an expert.

This kind of information basically meant that they could only see what valuable information Shi Yu could provide next. The investigation work still had to be handed to them.

“Sorry to have kept you waiting.” Shi Yu took a few steps and came in front of the group.

At the same time, he sized up the others other than Senior Panda and immediately felt a sense of closeness.

Good lord, this group of people exuded a sense of peers from their spiritual aura. They didn’t have any vitality at all. They felt very old.

“No, no,” the students from Ancient Capital University said.

“It’s been hard on you,” said the panda senior. Then, she was quickly stunned.

Eleven, who suddenly noticed the hopeless expression on Shi Yu’s shoulder, was stunned.

“This…???”

“Wuu!” Eleven greeted Big Sister Xiu Zhu.

“Eleven???” Lin Xiuzhu was shocked. What happened? Why did Eleven become so small!!

“Eh, that’s an Iron-eating Beast?”

The others also looked at the little Iron-eating Beast on Shi Yu’s shoulder and couldn’t help but be slightly stunned.

This…

It didn’t look like a cub, but a doll. What was going on?

“It’s nothing. I taught it the multiplication skill. At the moment, it’s just shrunken,” Shi Yu said.

“Iron-eating beasts can learn multiplication?” As Shi Yu spoke, the other archeologists were immediately surprised.

Recently, because they were researching the iron-eating beast ruins, they naturally did a lot of homework on the iron-eating beasts.

Apart from some basic information about the iron-eating beasts, they also understood all the skills of other races that Iron-eating beasts could learn.

For example, the Iron-eating Beasts of Bamboo Stone Dojo were famous for being able to learn “Thunder Palm” and “Cannon Fist”.

For example, a master’s Iron-eating Beast was famous for being able to learn “Metal Shock”. This was a metal-element sound wave skill that could make the body make metal noises at all times.

Apart from that, there were other unorthodox cultivation methods.

In short, their investigation of the iron-eating beasts should be considered comprehensive, but this was the first time they had heard of an iron-eating beast that could multiply.

“Is it because you’ve awakened an ancient bloodline??” Lin Xiuzhu asked.

“That’s indeed a possibility. The size of ancient iron-eating beasts is much larger than now.” Shi Yu nodded.

Eleven closed its eyes and fell into deep thought. Didn’t Shi Yu teach it how to multiply it with his cheat hand?

However, Shi Yu didn’t let it talk nonsense about this, so Eleven obediently shut up and pretended not to know anything.

The panda was playing dumb.

“Can you take me to see the ruins first?” Shi Yu asked.

“Alright.” Lin Xiuzhu nodded. The others also nodded.

Then, everyone started to walk towards the ruins of the mountain.

During this process, Shi Yu kept asking them about the ruins.

“Has the era of the ruins been confirmed?”

“About 4400 to 4,500 years ago,” said an archeologist.

Shi Yu nodded. This time was very delicate. It was one of the more serious periods in the history of this world.

“The main target of the current investigation is?”

“There’s a batch of artificial products, but they’re basically daily necessities.”

“Apart from that, I also found a relatively well-preserved metal fragment. After the initial complete appearance, it’s suspected to be a battle armor fragment from ancient battles.”

“The ones that carry the most information are the murals on the stone walls of the ruins and some strange symbols. However, these symbols aren’t like any of the ancient words known to date. They don’t match the popular words about 4,500 years ago at all. By the way, there are similar symbols on that metal piece.”

When the other party finished speaking, Shi Yu was slightly stunned. He said with a slightly expectant expression.

“Please bring me to see that armor fragment first.”

“Ah, alright.”

A few of them looked at Shi Yu who had just arrived strangely. This little brother was rather comfortable with them? He seemed to be even more interested in the Iron-Eating Beast Ruins than them!

Soon, Shi Yu followed them to the archeological camp established outside the ruins.

As they entered the tent, Shi Yu saw that the armor fragment they were talking about was actually a palm-sized metal piece.

In the glass container, the metal piece was lying quietly.

There was indeed a strange symbol on the metal piece.

“This symbol…”

Under everyone’s gaze, Shi Yu stared intently at the symbol.

Then, as if he had triggered some memory, huge waves rose in his heart.

Holy shit.

Shi Yu was shocked and immediately dumbfounded. He had completely recalled it.

Because he had seen this symbol before.

On Earth, the same symbol was recorded in the unpopular Mythical system that he and his teacher studied!