Chapter 96 - Evolution Of The Iron-Eating Beast Armor

Chapter 96: Evolution of the Iron-eating Beast Armor

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Shi Yu was speechless.

He paid his respects obediently and sincerely for half a month. In his heart, he kept repeating, “It’s our duty to restore the Iron-eating Beast’s glory”. The ruins did not react at all.

On the contrary, after slightly denying the iron-eating beast’s evolution, the ‘spirit’ in the ruins immediately couldn’t sit still.

What was going on?

It was not as easy to talk to as the stone statue in Ping Cheng.

Perhaps the ‘spirits’ born from different ruins, ruins, and ancient artifacts had different personalities?

If he had known this would happen, he would have shouted on the first day he came here, “The Iron-eating Beast doesn’t have any evolution form at all. Come and convince me!”

…

This time, the historical scene Shi Yu saw was still very short.

He saw a tribe filled with fire furnaces.

In the tribe, there was a group of muscular men with bare arms.

They were just like blacksmiths, using batch after batch of rare metals that Shi Yu found familiar.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

The sound of iron striking constantly entered Shi Yu’s ears.

Then, the alloy battle armor was worn by a group of iron-eating beasts.

After the Iron-eating Beasts put on their armor, they seemed to be using Perfect Level Hardening. They released Hardening Material to wrap the armor, causing the armor to completely become one with them.

There were many types of armor. Some iron-eating beasts wore perfect armor, while others only had huge alloy claws equipped on their arms. There were even iron-eating beasts who picked up shields. They had different appearances, but they all used Perfect Level Hardening to connect themselves to the armor.

During this process, as they fused with the armor, their aura seemed to have been raised astonishingly, and their bodies kept growing under a wave of light.

A moment later, hundreds of Iron-eating Beasts wearing various battle armor appeared on the screen. They were arranged in an orderly manner, and it was extremely shocking. This group of Iron-eating Beasts was like a well-trained army preparing to go out to battle.

At the end of the scene, the iron-eating beasts used their hardened claws to inscribe special symbols on the armor. At this moment, their bodies flickered with light again…

The scene stopped.

…

In reality.

Eleven looked at the silent Shi Yu and did not understand what was going on.

At this moment, Shi Yu’s mood was very complicated.

He didn’t know what to say to express his current mood.

No wonder Bureau 11 directly absorbed him into the organization without a word when it encountered a Beast Tamer with the talent to listen to the Voice of History.

This ability was indeed a little buggy.

While other archeologists were still exploring the mysteries of ancient times, archeologists with this talent directly pried into history like watching a movie. If this wasn’t cheating, what was?

“So those metals aren’t for eating?” Shi Yu fell into deep thought.

It was actually to build an alloy battle armor and equip the Iron-eating Beast, then use the Perfect Level Hardening connection.

Don’t tell him that this was the evolution method of the iron-eating beasts.

In the scene, Shi Yu also saw the materials needed to forge the alloy battle armor.

From the looks of it, it felt like the metal that they had found.

If that was the case, the iron-eating beast’s evolution method was easier than Shi Yu imagined.

However, it was still unknown if modern forging and processing technology could turn those metal minerals into alloy battle armors like in ancient times.

Then, what should this evolution method be called?

Armor evolution?

It wasn’t like there weren’t any armed evolution in existing pets.

The evolution method of artificial mechanical lives was mostly armed evolution.

However, there was still a little difference between the two.

“Wait, that’s not the point!”

He only saw the evolution method of the iron-eating beast, but Shi Yu kept feeling that he had not seen the full picture of history.

This group of Iron-eating Beasts wore battle armor and completed their evolution. What were they going to do? War?

What did the different symbols they carved on their bodies mean?

Why was there such a symbol on Earth?

In the end, Shi Yu felt that he knew something, but he didn’t completely know…

Forget it… He decided to start researching the evolution of the iron-eating beast first.

…

“What happened?”

As Shi Yu listened to the Voice of History, the stone wall seemed to have exhausted its “life” as many cracks appeared.

The “boom” just now also directly attracted Senior Panda and the archeological seven elites.

After they came over, they immediately saw the cracked stone wall and Shi Yu, who had his back to them.

Ahhhhhhhhh!!!!

Everyone: w (゚Д゚) w???

So, what happened!!!

“Wuu.”

Before Shi Yu could turn around, Eleven, who was on Shi Yu’s shoulder, turned around first and revealed an innocent expression.

If it said that they only hit the stone wall twice and the stone wall exploded, would they believe it??

“Damn, what’s going on?”

The stone wall exploded, and the brains of Zheng Yingjie and the others also exploded.

Although the iron-eating beast ruins weren’t very important before, it was their basic responsibility to keep this ancient item intact. But now… something big had happened.

They looked at Shi Yu, who was slowly turning around. Could it be that Shi Yu couldn’t figure out anything even after half a month? He finally broke down and smashed the stone wall?

“Don’t panic.”

At this moment, Shi Yu turned around and looked at the panicked crowd. He comforted them.

Calm down.

“I got something.” Under everyone’s stunned expressions, Shi Yu chuckled.

“I think I know what the evolution method of the iron-eating beasts is.”

“What?!!”

Upon hearing Shi Yu’s words, everyone was more shocked than seeing the stone wall crack. They widened their eyes and looked at Shi Yu.

Was this for real?

“Yes, let’s go out first,” Shi Yu said.

Then, everyone arrived outside in the wide space.

They looked at Shi Yu with anticipation and excitement.

So, what exactly had Shi Yu discovered?

“The six metal components detected by that metal piece are indeed the key to the evolution of the iron-eating beast.”

“What we guessed most previously was to let the iron-eating beasts eat these metals. Actually, the actual situation is similar.”

“The iron-eating beast’s evolution method should be to make these six metal minerals into alloy battle armors, then equip the iron-eating beast with them. Finally, let the iron-eating beast use the transcendent level racial skill Hardening to perfectly wrap and integrate the power of the armor.”

“The iron-eating beasts’ hardening substance and this alloy should produce a special reaction that can assist them in increasing their level of life.”

The few of them were clearly stunned.

Lin Xiuzhu said, “What’s the principle?”

Shi Yu: “Why does that matter?”

“Then how are you sure?”

“Uh…” Shi Yu was stunned.” Instinct? ”

Everyone was stunned. They felt that Shi Yu didn’t say anything.

To put it bluntly, it was still a guess. On the basis of their previous guesses, there was another one.

“Can those six metals really be made into alloys?” Zheng Yingjie was at a loss.

“We’ve been researching and analyzing their nature these days. There’s nothing in common.”

Lin Yu’er said, “In the end, this method still requires transcendent hardening…”

Everyone looked at Lin Xiuzhu.

Among the known Iron-eating Beast Tamers, there were really not many Iron-eating Beasts who had mastered transcendent Level Hardening.

Back then, Lin Xiuzhu had said that her father, who was also Hall Master Lin Hongnian, had trained the Iron-eating Beast for 21 years before training this skill to transcendent.

As for Lin Xiuzhu, she started growing up with her Iron-eating Beast when she was 10 years old.

Although there was no contract at that time, he had started to cultivate feelings with the Iron-eating Beast since young and then underwent initial training to familiarize himself with it.

In the end, ten years later, today, her Iron-eating Beast’s hardening skill was established under her father’s training experience. It was only at the perfect level, and it was far from reaching the transcendent level proficiency.

If one of the evolution conditions of the iron-eating beasts was really hardening at full proficiency, then this condition seemed to be a little difficult to achieve.

The Green Silkworm’s worm silk reaching proficient level was enough for it to evolve, but the Iron-eating Beasts actually required full-level racial skills… It was simply a scam.

Moreover, the evolution materials of the iron-eating beasts were basically rare metals above level five. The price of using these metals to forge a set of armor was obvious.

It could be said that even if the evolution method of the Iron-eating Beast was publicized, there seemed to be very few Beast Tamers who could fulfill this evolution condition.

Everyone’s stomach hurt. Was Shi Yu’s deduction reliable?

“Well, why don’t you just believe me?”

Shi Yu actually wanted to experiment too.

Unfortunately, he didn’t have evolution materials, and he didn’t know how to turn these materials into alloys. There were technical difficulties.

In addition, Eleven’s skill proficiency hadn’t reached the standard yet.

Moreover, he had yet to decide whether he should let Eleven evolve. In the future, he would feel that it was very strange to have an iron lump on his shoulder, and it was also very heavy. Sooner or later, he would get a shoulder disease.

“Even if it’s true, where are we going to try forging alloy battle armor? Where are we going to find Iron-eating Beast experiments with transcendent proficiency…” Zheng Yingjie said with a headache.

Although there was a concrete experimental route, it still sounded like a huge project with hundreds of millions of research funds…

“It’s alright. It’s a good thing that we can find a breakthrough.”

The panda senior thought for a moment and looked at Shi Yu. “I believe you. Do you want to study it? Our Bamboo Stone Dojo will bear the cost of the evolution materials. Iron-eating beasts with transcendent Level Proficiency can also use my father’s Iron-eating Beast as a guinea pig.”

Shi Yu:…

Everyone called her a filial daughter.

Senior Panda was a good father.

“It’s mainly because at the moment, only my father’s Iron-eating Beast fulfills the conditions. In order to study the evolution of the Iron-eating Beast, he has invested a lot of money. This time, it sounds more reliable than his previous mess.” The panda senior shook her head.

“If he knew, he would definitely be willing. He might even take the initiative to come and cooperate.”

Shi Yu was silent for a moment before saying, “Then I’ll ask if Ancient Capital University can provide some technical help.”

“In terms of forging alloy battle armor, there should be someone more professional at the university.”

Shi Yu and the panda senior looked at each other and nodded. They immediately agreed.

Shi Yu contacted the Ancient Capital University to seek technical help.

Senior Panda contacted her father to experiment as a lab rat.

Whether the Iron-eating Beast race could soar into the sky and raise their prices depended on this wave.