Chapter 100 - Shi Yu’S Breakthrough And Contracting Buggy

Chapter 100: Shi Yu’s Breakthrough and Contracting Buggy

18th September.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Half a month had passed since Shi Yu arrived at the Ancient Capital.

In this time, Shi Yu had gained a lot.

Although the strength of the two pets did not clearly improve, he had gained quite a lot.

Firstly, he had learned the ability to turn ethereal.

With the help of the beast-eared senior and the internet addict granny, he could now jump around among a group of low-level pets for a few minutes. Things were going well.

This ability was very useful to Shi Yu!

Secondly, by exploring the ruins of the iron-eating beasts, he had discovered the evolutionary form of the iron-eating beasts and enriched Eleven’s future path along with his own.

At the same time, Shi Yu began to take this world’s legends and history seriously.

What was the connection between this place and Earth?

“Putting aside the pause in the transformation, the Impregnable skill is much more comprehensive than the hardening ability… Most importantly, the two techniques have different principles and can be overlaid! It’s simply making the iron-eating beast harden even more.”

“However, the strongest skill is still the Inner Power skill. Among the five elements of metal, wood, water, fire, and earth, every attribute has its own special nature. The nature of metal is heavy, murderous, restrained, sharp, and so on.”

“The ability to restrain one’s sharpness using Inner Power perfectly contains two special properties. It’s completely a core technique of the metal element. As expected of a super level technique.”

On the plane, Shi Yu recalled the battle between Master Lin Hongnian’s Diamond Ape King and the iron-eating beast, and his heart surged.

The Iron-eating Beast had just evolved and broken through. It wasn’t familiar with its skills yet, so it was definitely not a match for the veteran monarch-level creature, the Diamond Ape King.

Normally speaking, that was the case, but through the super skill of Inner Power, Master Lin Hongnian only provided some metal-element energy crystals. After the iron-eating beast accumulated enough energy, the battle situation was almost reversed in an instant.

The Diamond Ape King was actually directly suppressed by the Iron-eating Beast’s sharp outburst!

“This skill is suitable for rich Beast Tamers.”

Shi Yu looked at the blue sky and white clouds outside the window. He felt that he couldn’t afford to play around with this skill at the moment.

Inner Power. It was nothing more than the crooked words “paywalls”.

There was nothing wrong with paying money for a metal-element super skill.

“Sigh.”

As he sighed, Little Eleven and the Green Silkworm also looked out the window.

At this moment, they were all released by Shi Yu to sense the feeling of flying.

Thinking that the two pets had never taken a plane, Shi Yu simply let them come out and experience it too.

At the moment, they were on the way back to Icefield City.

Although the ancient capital was good, Shi Yu really couldn’t stretch out outside and couldn’t cultivate in peace. As expected, he still liked to stay home and cultivate.

It was more comfortable to lie at home during recuperation.

Therefore, after handing the research on the iron-eating beast’s evolution to Master Lin Hongnian and the others, he slipped back first.

Shi Yu had originally planned to stay in the Ancient Capital for half a month, but it was about time now. If he stayed there to fool around, he would definitely miss his vocation assessment.

As for the research on the evolution of the iron-eating beasts, it was not urgent, because it was useless to be anxious… After he maximized Eleven’s hardening, he would study it together.

“Wuu.”

“Ji!”

At this moment, Eleven and the Green Silkworm were discussing something fiercely.

About “flying”.

Although the green worm was an insect, it would definitely fly after transforming into a butterfly or a moth.

Even now, it could fly with its phantom ability.

However, in the face of the insect’s question, the stronger leader, Eleven, fell into deep thought.

How could it fly?

Metal Wings? Electric magnetic levitation? No way…

Maybe one day it would learn a flying skill…

…

That day, Shi Yu returned to Ping Cheng.

Because he had left for more than half a month, he definitely had to clean up the villa when he came back to stay this time.

Shi Yu handed this difficult task to Eleven and the bugs to train their life abilities.

Pets that were only good at battle weren’t good enough. Pets had to develop in all aspects. It would be best if they could wash, cook, and earn money to support the family.

As for himself, he made a call and reserved Eleven’s food from the Bamboo Stone Dojo.

“Hall Master Lin seems to have paid a lot of money this time. Can Bamboo Stone Dojo still afford to feed so many people?”

Shi Yu fell into deep thought. However, the problem didn’t seem big?

Soon, the price of the iron-eating beasts would increase, especially the iron-eating beasts in the Iron Bamboo Breeding Base!

After all, Hall Master Lin’s iron-eating beast was the first iron-eating beast to evolve. Could the iron-eating beasts sold or found elsewhere compare to the iron-eating beasts raised by Hall Master Lin’s family?

Although the real difference might not be much, sometimes, the brand effect was just so unreasonable.

Assuming that the price of the iron-eating beasts increased from the original hundreds of thousands to one million, the eight hundred-plus iron-eating beasts in the Iron Bamboo Feeding Base would be eight hundred million. In addition, they could also sell some accompanying food or even secret manuals for iron-eating beasts. Their assets would probably exceed ten digits.

“How nice…”

When Shi Yu recalled how good Senior Panda was at controlling the family and even wanted to sell him the panda costume, he immediately felt that the Iron Bamboo Feeding Base would definitely make a killing.

As expected, he was the only one who was poor.

Shi Yu thought about his little vault silently. The 10,000,000 yuan that Senior Lu had given him, together with the 1,000,000 yuan that the Ping Cheng Association had given him, was a total of 11,000,000 yuan. Now, there was less than 6,000,000 yuan left.

In addition, in the aspect of supplements, as he added some points to Eleven and the Green Silkworm, together with the consumption of practicing etherealization for the past half a month, there was almost none left.

Shi Yu immediately felt that he was being too extravagant.

In the past two months, he had actually eaten four million yuan just by eating supplements.

The other million was to buy the Space Crystal Fruit for the worm to increase its spatial compatibility.

In just a few months, whoosh, five million was gone.

This was even under the circumstances that Bamboo Stone Dojo had always provided Eleven with food.

Shi Yu felt that at this rate, unless he married into the Bamboo Stone Dojo, the remaining money might not be enough for him to spend…

“There’s no hurry. The ice-element energy crystal in the ruins bead is dispensable. It can be exchanged for other resources.”

“But it still doesn’t feel enough. Looks like in the end, I still have to sell the worm silk?”

Shi Yu turned his attention to the worm again. The spatial-type super worm silk could definitely be sold for a good price.

After all, it was the only one in the world. It wasn’t excessive for one to cost tens of thousands, right?

Shi Yu looked at the insect that was cleaning the fallen leaves.

Buggy shuddered and turned around.

Shi Yu: (๑•̀ᄇ•́)و✧

Green Silkworm: 〒▽〒?

…

If necessary, he would definitely have to sacrifice Buggy.

But now, it wasn’t very urgent.

Shi Yu felt that he wouldn’t be using supplements for the time being.

Seeing his funds decrease, Shi Yu became smarter.

He planned to use the Space Crystal to cultivate first and raise the level of the Beast Taming Space to level two. Then, he would add points to Eleven and Buggy.

After the Beast Taming Space level rose to level two, his physical fitness would increase noticeably and take a qualitative leap.

Unlike the previous quantitative change, this time, it was a qualitative change.

It was roughly equivalent to breaking through to the transcendent level during the Awakening Stage!

At that time, the cooldown time after the addition of points should be significantly reduced. He could probably save a lot of supplements.

At the same time, after his Beast Tamer level increased, he could also contract the worm. Moreover, the page number of the skill index could finally increase again.

Therefore, after weighing the pros and cons, Shi Yu decided to prioritize increasing his level.

This time, whether it was to save money, to take the vocation assessment, to contract Buggy, or to update the skill index, he had to step down and meditate!

With a goal, everything was easy.

“Eleven, next, you should mainly train your coordination ability, which is the continuous superposition of combination skills.”

“Buggy, on the other hand, you continue to train the speed of Building Dreams. You’re too slow to activate the illusion.”

After the two pets cleaned the room, they ran over to accept the mission from him.

It was still the same training content as before, but the two pets were very enthusiastic. They howled and ran to train.

This couldn’t help but make Shi Yu sigh with emotion. Having Eleven taking a leading role was quite comforting for his Beast Tamer’s heart.

After simply arranging the training content for Eleven and the Green Silkworm, Shi Yu also started cultivating from tonight onwards.

Normal people would take at least a year to upgrade the Beast Taming Space from level one to level two, even if it was just a single element.

If he wanted to contract a second pet like Shi Yu and create a good growth space for the pet, he would have to consider the size and environment of the Beast Taming Space. It was not enough to increase the strength of the space alone.

This way, the amount of energy needed to be invested was even greater. Even if it was a person with extremely outstanding beast taming talent, it was impossible to achieve it in three months or so.

Fortunately, Shi Yu had enough Ethereal Stones to support his accelerated cultivation for a long time. This way, it became a possibility.

In fact, among the 10,000,000 initial funds provided by Lu Qingyi, not only was there a portion for Shi Yu to take out to train pets, but also a portion for Shi Yu to purchase his own cultivation resources. This way, Shi Yu could very well catch up to this batch of vocation assessments.

But Lu Qingyi would never have thought that in the end, this batch of money would all be used by Shi Yu to buy supplements…

Next, Shi Yu began to cultivate silently. Occasionally, he would even pick up the questions for the vocation assessment over the years and start to answer them.

Apart from meditation, he, the Green Silkworm, and Eleven had to do two sets of papers every day. After all, this was also a level that couldn’t be avoided in the professional assessment.

It wasn’t just to deal with the assessment. There was definitely no harm in accumulating more knowledge. Although he still felt that it was more comfortable to slack off, apart from courting death, Shi Yu still had the self-control he needed in other aspects.

Just like that, in the blink of an eye, a month passed.

During this period, apart from Lin Xiuzhu and the others needing some information from Shi Yu, Shi Yu was surprisingly not disturbed by other things. His cultivation was especially smooth.

A month after Shi Yu cultivated and meditated with the Ethereal Spirit Stone, half of his transparent Beast Taming Space barrier began to turn gray under his meditation enhancement.

This meant that the strength of his Beast Taming Space had already touched the threshold of level two!

Shi Yu was overjoyed and continued to cultivate in peace.

At the same time, in addition to the spatial strength, he began to take into account the scale and environment of the Beast Taming Space.

During Shi Yu’s cultivation process, Eleven’s growth level also successfully reached level ten. In terms of growth level, it finally caught up to Buggy.

However, whether it was Eleven or Worm, it was not so easy to break through to the transcendent level.

Buggy was limited by race.

Eleven, on the other hand, was restricted by the level of Shi Yu’s Beast Taming Space.

Therefore, in order to let Eleven grow to the transcendent level without any restrictions, Shi Yu had to quickly increase the level of the Beast Taming Space.

November 28.

It had been more than two months since Shi Yu began meditating and cultivating.

After more than two months, Shi Yu really wanted to curse!

It was too difficult!

It was so easy to raise the level of the pet, and all he had to do was add some points. Why was it so boring and tiring for his own leveling up?

This was even under the situation where he didn’t randomly add points to make himself fall into a weakened state. He wholeheartedly devoted himself to meditation cultivation!

If he added more points, it would probably be slower.

“Although it’s a little painful, I finally made it…”

In the room, Shi Yu sat on the bed and observed the changes in the Beast Taming Space while meditating.

With a large number of Ethereal Spirit Stones, Shi Yu finally succeeded in using two months to raise his Beast Taming Space level to level two.

The strength of the spatial crystal wall in the Beast Taming Space had reached level two. When the color turned gray, it meant that Shi Yu could already contract and control extraordinary pets normally.

The size of the space also increased, meaning that Shi Yu could contract a second pet.

At this moment, the growth environment of the pets in the space was more perfect. This meant that extraordinary pets could also get a good growth acceleration inside.

Shi Yu opened his eyes, got out of bed, and stretched his body. At the same time, he felt that his current physique had completely exceeded the scope of an ordinary person.

“Hahahaha, damn you!!!”

This time, Shi Yu was like a prisoner who had been cooped up in prison for a long time. He was immediately released and his mind relaxed greatly.

“Eleven, Buggy!”

Shi Yu laughed and shouted for the two pets who had been self-reliant for the past two months.

“Huh?”

“Ji!”

Eleven and Buggy came out in confusion and then looked at the crazy Shi Yu in confusion.

~ (TロT)σ What was wrong now…

After cultivating for so long, had he finally gone crazy?

For the past two months, Shi Yu, Eleven, and Buggy had been cultivating hard.

However, in the eyes of Eleven and Buggy, it was clearly abnormal for Shi Yu to work so hard.

After all, lazing around was Shi Yu’s style.

However, these days, it was rare for Shi Yu to not slack off. It kept giving them a bad feeling.

From the looks of it… it had finally happened…

“…”

The corners of Shi Yu’s mouth twitched as he looked at Eleven and Buggy, who were letting their imagination run wild.

“I finally broke through.”

He chuckled and said, “Do you know what this means?”

“Huh?”

“Ji!”

The two pets were stunned. A breakthrough?

Eleven clumsily took two steps forward and sensed carefully before being shocked.

As it had a contract with Shi Yu, it immediately sensed Shi Yu’s change after sensing him carefully.

Eleven:!!!

After being stunned for a moment, it stood on the spot and raised its arms in surprise.

“Wuuu ~”

Shi Yu had finally broken through!!

It immediately circled around Shi Yu like a child and cheered.

Its Beast Tamer had finally grown up. He had finally grown through hard work!!

Tears!!

Eleven felt a sense of accomplishment after witnessing the growth of a human who only knew how to laze around.

After the surprise, Eleven was stunned again. It kept feeling that its relationship with Shi Yu was a little different… It stood on the spot in a daze and recalled its relationship with Shi Yu…

“Ji, Ji??” The green worm’s reaction was slower.

However, it soon widened its eyes, revealing its starry eyes.

Shi Yu had broken through. Did that mean that it could also be contracted by Shi Yu like Eleven??

“Yeah.” Shi Yu smiled.

“I can finally officially contract it…” He sighed.

It was not easy for them to coexist peacefully for so long without contracting a worm that they had been raising for months.

Without a contract, throwing millions of yuan at wild pets… Probably not many Beast Tamers would dare to do it like Shi Yu.

In the end, telepathy was forever a god skill.

“Cut the crap. Come on.” At this moment, Shi Yu closed his eyes and muttered in meditation.

He was already familiar with Buggy, so there was no need to be polite. Come in!

At this moment, Shi Yu looked at the Beast Taming Space in his brain.

It was a world with a gray crystal wall and clouds inside.

Hu hu ~ ~

As Shi Yu communicated with the Beast Taming Space, a breeze blew outside. The curtains were blown up.

Countless light spots flickered in front of Shi Yu. Two circular formations that looked like star maps appeared above the green worm!

In the next second, countless weak light spots flowed out of the formation and wrapped around the green worm, as if they wanted to cover it!

“Ji!”

The Green Silkworm let out a cry. As the two parties had gotten used to each other, it very naturally accepted the contract. Its entire body was directly enveloped by white light before gradually turning into fluorescent light, disappearing from the outside world and entering the Beast Taming Space!

The second pet, the Green Silkworm, had successfully contracted!

< Name > Green Silkworm

< Name > Iron-eating Beast

[Skill]: Worm Silk (Transcendent), Absolute Sleep (Expert), Illusory Phantom (Expert)

Shi Yu opened his eyes in joy.

He felt that his physique had improved again. At the same time, the greatest change was the skill index. As he contracted his second pet, the Green silkworm, like when he contracted Eleven, five new blank pages were immediately added!

“Wu!!!”

At this moment, as Shi Yu contracted the Green silkworm, Eleven also sensed some changes beside it.

Not only Shi Yu, but Eleven also had more contact with the Green Silkworm.

After all, they were under the same Beast Tamer. After this, although Eleven and the Green Silkworm’s communication wasn’t as easy as Shi Yu’s telepathy, it wasn’t as difficult as before.

Beast Tamers were also the bonds between different pets.

“Ji!”

After the contract was completed, the green worm was summoned by Shi Yu again.

“Stop training tonight. Everyone, take a day off.”

“No, two days!”

Shi Yu chuckled as he looked at Eleven and the Green Silkworm. They immediately became salty again, causing the two pets to reveal disappointed expressions. The training had only lasted for two months!

“What do you guys know? It’s time to work overtime soon!”

“It’s only right to rest for two days.”

The two pets were stunned. Adding points? Was it coming again!!

Shi Yu nodded. It had not been easy to reach this stage.

There was still a month left until the vocation assessment. Next, it was time to work extra hard.

Firstly, Eleven had to prioritize increasing the hardening of its racial skills so that it could break through to the transcendent level with the help of its racial skills.

As for the Green Silkworm’s Worm Silk, it was still the best skill at the upper limit of the experimental skill proficiency.

At this moment, Shi Yu only had one question. If it continued to upgrade the Green silkworm’s worm silk, was there any hope of it breaking through to the transcendent level with the form of the Green silkworm??

Transcendent-level Green silkworm, this didn’t seem to have been cultivated by Beast Tamers…

The Green Silkworm was classified as a low-level transcendent race, which meant that there was hope of breaking through to the transcendent level in this state. However, no Beast Tamer was so bored as to do this.

Because it required too much time, the life span of the Green Silkworm was insufficient. If it wanted to do it, it had to spend a large amount of resources. That kind of cost-effective ratio was not high, so it was better to directly evolve during the Awakening Stage to save trouble. Someone must have verified this before, so they came to a unified conclusion.

Shi Yu had a strange expression. He felt that the chances of the Green Silkworm evolving in a month weren’t high. Instead, it relied on the worm silk to increase its points. The chances of it breaking through to the transcendent level were not small.

Therefore, if he summoned a transcendent Green Silkworm in the vocation assessment, and it was a transcendent Green Silkworm with pretty good strength, would his opponent’s values be shattered? No matter what, he couldn’t just use only Eleven in the vocation assessment.