Chapter 709 - Lin Xiuzhu'S Portable Grandma (2)

However, unfortunately, no one expected that an accident would happen in the modification experiment this time, allowing the sleeping Poison Dragon to escape. It even mutated into totem level during the escape, attracting the attention of Dragon Palace City.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

It could be said that it was from this accident that the Yun clan began to gradually withdraw their factions on the Seven Islands. They were worried that they would be exposed because of this and be targeted by the higher-ups of the Seven Islands.

Before Yun An revived, no matter how strong the Yun clan was, it couldn’t be a match for the Seven Islands.

“It’s actually a lab accident,” Shi Yu complained weakly.

Shi Yu knew everything that happened after that. Dragon Palace City and Dong Huang had attacked the Seven Islands because of the Poison Dragon Totem. The Ke Yuan Financial Group was indeed as the Yun clan had expected, completely exposed. Fortunately, the Yun clan had already completed the transfer of core assets.

These memories were not too important. What concerned Shi Yu the most was that Legend Bai Chuan’s memories provided two key clues!

The king of the Yun Race, Yun An, was about to revive!

The current headquarters of the Yun Race was mainly in three mystic realms!

Now, the Yun race had a total of three totems. One of them was a top-notch totem, while the other two were ordinary totems. The Black Goat was one of the ordinary totems.

And this top-notch totem, like the Black Meteorite Yak, was a totem from the Emperor Wu era. It was personally modified by Yun An.

After being nurtured, this Bai Chuan was already one of the core upper echelons of the Yun race below the three totems.

“F*ck…” At this moment, Shi Yu was both excited and nervous.

If it were a Beast Tamer from the Emperor Wu Era who heard that Yun An was about to revive, they would definitely tremble in fear.

But now, when Yun An was regarded as a “Iron-eating Beast evolution resource”, did it mean that he could take the initiative to attack??

Although he had already obtained ten meteorite fragments from Senior Ji Mengzhu, who would complain about having too many of them?

However, the difficulty was that although Bai Chuan was already a core figure of the Yun clan who also knew the locations of the three Yun clan mystic realms, he didn’t know where Yun An would revive.

In Bai Chuan’s impression, only the top-notch totem personally modified by Yun An knew this.

Shi Yu fell silent. Therefore, Dong Huang’s next strategic goal should be confirmed. It was to use this information to destroy the three mystic realms of the Yun clan first.

If possible, it was best to learn the revival location of Yun An from that top-notch totem.

“Next, what I have to do is organize the memories of Bai Chuan’s undead form into memory crystals.”

“I’ll hand its undead and memory crystals to Dong Huang. Then, wait for the national machine to activate and wait for the resources to be transferred to the account at home.” Shi Yu immediately knew his position in this segment.

As for personally going to the Yun Family mystic realm to raid the bases? Capture Yun An? Forget it, even if there was a big boss leading the team, he wasn’t interested. He felt that it was a little dangerous.

It was already his limit to bully the weakest totem country, the Heavenly Fox Nation. No, who said that the Fox God was weak? Who said that the Fox God was only comparable to the gem cat? The Fox God was clearly a top-notch totem that pretended to be a lamb to eat a tiger!

It was true that they were a little cowardly like the gem cat, but they were definitely not weak. If they faced the fox god head-on, they might have been dead by now.

It seemed to be what President Lin said…

As he organized Bai Chuan’s memories, Shi Yu also organized his experience in using the “body control” talent.

This talent had many uses. For example, it could be used to assist in modifying creatures. The effect was very good, such as helping pets better control skills and special energy. The effect was also very good. It could also train one’s physique and mental strength through physical control. Bai Chuan had developed various skills.

Among them, the most attractive and useful thing for Shi Yu was to control his physical strength through the “body control” talent.

Shi Yu was nervous. He only had one Talent Bead. It could be said that he had bet all his assets on this “body control” talent. If it couldn’t help him develop the “telepathy” talent to a very powerful level, it would be a huge loss.

….

While Shi Yu was busy receiving information, Legend Ke and the others also began to chat freely.

They surrounded Senior Ji Mengzhu.

This was the living history of ancient people from 2000 years ago!!

If they asked her, they would definitely know a lot about the Emperor Wu Dynasty!

Even Shi Yu thought so. Although he didn’t obtain other inscription metals from Ji Mengzhu, he should be able to understand what skills those metals could bring, right?

However, Shi Yu was not in a hurry to ask. There was plenty of time later. He would let Ji Mengzhu, Legend Ke, and the others talk freely first, while he was in charge of more important information.

After all, this was the key to him joining the tenth bureau’s Intelligence Bureau!!

As they chatted, Qu Ling and Ji Mengzhu had some understanding of Dong Huang’s current situation. They understood Dong Huang’s current situation through Shi Yu.

At the moment, Dong Huang in the Seven Nation Alliance was preparing for the World Tournament, and the contestants of the World Tournament were selected through the Sequence method. Among them, Shi Yu was fifth in the Sequence, the number one person below the legendary level, and Ji Feng was seventh in the Sequence.

Ji Mengzhu even understood Shi Yu’s terrifying achievements.

He was born from a grassroots family. In the first year of becoming a Beast Tamer, he successfully cracked the ancient ruins and obtained the top scholar of the Ancient Capital vocation assessment, with his results suppressing those of a legend’s child.

Later on, he even discovered the lost Iron-eating Beast evolution path, cultivated overlord species pets, and developed the Green Silkworm cocoon evolution system that benefited the country and the people!