Chapter 708 - : Lin Xiuzhu'S Portable Grandma (1)

At this moment, Qu Ling was a little stunned.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The number one person below the legend level of Dong Huang in front of her, a young man who looked very, very strong, actually passed the assessment done by his father?

Was his father… So powerful?

Qu Ling was very shocked. At the same time, she was even more curious about Shi Yu.

“Really…”

However, at this moment, she was too embarrassed to ask Shi Yu more. She secretly decided that she had to ask her father more about Shi Yu when she returned.

His father must have already discovered the other party’s shining points in the assessment…

Otherwise, he wouldn’t have given the other party several assessments in a row.

“Yes.” Shi Yu sighed slightly.

Speaking of which, Master Qu Jie seemed to be the Beast Tamer who fought him the most, right? Shi Yu couldn’t remember clearly…

“This is…” Shi Yu quickly introduced Legend Ke and the others to Ji Mengzhu. Then, he said, “Everyone, let’s chat first. I just captured the soul of that Beast Tamer. I’m going to search… search the memories to see if there’s any important information.”

Everyone was silent.

So he wasn’t completely killed?

The gem cat was also silent. Killing, stealing talents, and capturing souls made the cat very afraid.

Shi Yu was becoming less and less like a good person… Oh, it was an accomplice, wasn’t it. That was fine.

“So you still have a trump card.”

Legend Ke was shocked. He thought that Shi Yu had directly killed Legend Bai Chuan.

Upon hearing that they could still squeeze information from Bai Chuan, both Legend Ke and Legend Zhang heaved a sigh of relief.

It looked like Shi Yu was more prepared than they imagined.

But this kid…

The two legends had strange expressions. They felt that Shi Yu was not easy to deal with.

“Do you need our help?” Legend Zhang said.

“There’s no need.” Shi Yu smiled. Chi Tong and Buggy had already started searching!

“Go and do it, then.” Ji Mengzhu also nodded. There was no need to care about her. Shi Yu and the others’ mission was the most important at the moment.

….

The trip to the Heavenly Fox Nation was like a dream.

Legend Ke and Ji Feng felt that they had yet to do anything. They were purely here to help.

Legend Zhang played a key role and called for reinforcements through his teleportation talent.

As for Qu Ling, she was also very important and provided a lot of important information.

If the rewards were distributed according to merit after returning this time, it should be Shi Yu who did more than Qu Ling and Legend Zhang…

After Shi Yu introduced these humans to Ji Mengzhu one by one, he quickly came to Buggy and Chi Tong and received Bai Chuan’s memories.

His memories were very important. Be it the information about the Yun Race or the experience in using his physical control talent, they were all what Shi Yu needed.

….

Xin Zhizhu. This was the full name of Legend Bai Chuan.

His family background was very ordinary. He came from a small town, and his parents weren’t Beast Tamers. His entire family worked together to let Legend Bai Chuan go to Beast Tamer School.

However, because he came from a small place and had a weak childhood personality, Bai Chuan often encountered bullying in school. The bullying of his peers and the disregard of adults made Bai Chuan hate his society very much.

The turning point was that in the year that Legend Bai Chuan awakened his talent, his talent was chosen by a passing Mechanic and he was taken in as a student to nurture. If this Mechanic was a normal person, nothing would naturally happen. However, “luckily”, this Beast Tamer was a Mechanic cultivated by the Yun clan.

Ever since the Yun Race was destroyed in the Dong Huang Continent, there was only a small portion of power left. They hid and didn’t come out until the outside world forgot about the Yun Race. Only then did they appear again.

The Meteor Race was very smart and knew how to learn advanced powers. They spent many years successfully taking root in the Seven Islands area and planted many spies. It was hard to say if Bai Chuan was lucky or unlucky to have been chosen by them.

Because in Bai Chuan’s understanding, everything he had today was given to him by the Yun race. The Yun race treated him better than most humans did. Compared to the teachers in school, he trusted his master more.

Slowly, his dream was also a dream to strengthen the Yun Race, revive the king of the Yun Race, Yun An, and change this rotten world.

“So it wasn’t the leader of the Ke Yuan Financial Group who betrayed the country, but the Yun race that cultivated the Ke Yuan Financial Group on the Seven Islands…”

Shi Yu was speechless. He knew it. Why would a legend level Beast Tamer in charge of a super large financial group take things too hard and rely on the totem clans? So he was originally cultivated by the totem clans. That was fine.

In the end, it was still the Seven Islands School’s fault.

The Yun Race undoubtedly took a fancy to Bai Chuan’s talent.

For a life form at the demigod level, it was not difficult to change the aptitude of its subordinates and create tailored subordinates.

Emperor Shi could tailor-make skills for the frost dragon, and Yun An could use its own strength to personally modify the Yun clan. Even Buggy, Baby Ginseng, and Ling in Shi Yu’s team had created mechanical phantom beasts.

In Bai Chuan’s memories, Yun An’s power was very domineering. Not every race was qualified to become a member of the Yun Race. Therefore, the purpose of the Yun Race nurturing Bai Chuan was obvious. They hoped that he could learn biological modification technology to increase the success rate of ordinary creatures transforming into the Yun Race to strengthen the power of the Yun Race.

The body control talent was undoubtedly born for this.

As for Bai Chuan, he was also very talented. From a professional, to a master, and to a legend. He grew all the way and established a research team and a company. With the support of the Yun clan, he grew bigger and bigger. In the end, he didn’t disappoint and mastered his technology. Even the totem poison dragon that entered the sea area of Dragon Palace City was modified by Bai Chuan.