Chapter 705 - Your Father Even Assessed Me

The huge hoof swept over. Facing the totem attack, Shi Yu was extremely nervous. He waited for the gem cat’s teleportation.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

At the very least, there should still be the protection of the Dragon God. However, at this moment, what helped him block this attack was neither teleportation nor protection!

The gem cat was just about to use the power of the ruins to teleport Shi Yu when it nervously discovered that the spatial fluctuations here were instantly disturbed, causing its teleportation to fail.

With its rich spatial experience, the gem cat understood that a powerful life form had teleported over.

Its spatial abilities were even above it. Even if it borrowed the power of the ruins, it couldn’t compare.

As a spatial ripple appeared, a young man in luxurious clothes stepped out and appeared between the black goat and Shi Yu.

After he appeared, the black goat’s attack directly stopped in midair. Then, a huge impact sent the black goat flying!!

Boom!!!

With a shocked expression, the black goat’s entire body was sent flying and hit the mountain peak below. In an instant, the mountain peak collapsed. Its body was swept into the smoke and completely buried.

The young man in luxurious clothes looked at the black goat and then at the fox god in the distance. He also looked at the gray-robed old man who was digging out Bai Chuan’s heart not far away and fell silent.

At this moment, the most shocked were still the black goat and the fox god in the distance. When they saw this luxuriously dressed young man, their expressions were instantly filled with extreme fear.

“President Lin…” Of course, the most surprised were the Butterfly God, Qu Ling, and the others. Seeing the president of the Dong Huang Association personally come, the Butterfly God instantly heaved a sigh of relief. It knew that this mission was stable. There was nothing more reliable than this reinforcement.

“It’s stable, it’s stable. Although this guy looks young, he’s already more than 100 years old. He’s the strongest Beast Tamer alive in Dong Huang, a Titled Legendary! Moreover, he definitely has a bunch of backup plans!” In the ruins, the gem cat was extremely excited and said to the stunned Ji Mengzhu. Alright, it could slack off now.

“Lin Xiao…!” However, compared to the calmness of the Butterfly God and the others, the nine-tailed fox of the Heavenly Fox Nation had an extremely unfriendly expression.

“What is the meaning of this?”

Seeing the boss of the enemy faction come directly to their territory, anyone would be nervous.

“Lord Fox God, there’s no need to be nervous.” President Lin smiled and looked at the nine-tailed fox. “I didn’t come this time to destroy the Heavenly Fox Nation.”

“I’m just here to clean up.”

He looked at Bai Chuan and said,

“That person is a traitor of the seven countries.”

“And this goat is a totem that lured him into treason.”

“After that, they even openly attacked Dong Huang’s allies.”

“Lord Heavenly Fox, you understand, right? Do you want to protect them, or are you also part of this?”

The fox god’s expression changed and it stopped talking.

“You lured the humans of the Seven Nation Alliance to betray the country and even openly attacked Dong Huang’s allies. I believe you’re already mentally prepared, right?”

President Lin chuckled. The rest of his words were said to the black goat in the mountain.

“Damn it.”

The black goat looked frightened.

Of course, the current Bai Chuan no longer had any life aura, and the black goat only had one thought: escape!

President Lin ignored the black goat and the fox god and looked at the gray-robed old man Shi Yu had changed into. He said, “Old man, can you hand that person to me?”

At this moment, looking at the confrontation between President Dong Huang and the gray-robed old man, the Fox God and the Black Goat were completely confused.

The Fox God felt that the situation in its territory had become chaotic to a certain extent.

It was impossible to tell who was who and who was in cahoots with the other!

At this moment, President Lin naturally knew that the gray-robed old man was Shi Yu, but regardless of whether others believed it on the surface, he still had to do it.

Shi Yu’s expression changed. He directly threw Bai Chuan’s corpse down and rode the dragon spirit to run.

“Dong Huang, huh? I’ll give you some face.” At the same time, he left some harsh words.

At the same time, the thing that scared the Fox God and the Black Goat the most came.

“Does your Dong Huang want to start a war…”

The Fox God looked at the flash in the sky and said with a drastic change in expression.

As for the black goat, it looked at the flash in the sky and had an even stronger urge to escape. With a boom, it flipped its body and leaped a thousand meters, but…

However, the speed of this strong light completely exceeded the scope of the black goat’s understanding. It shot from the edge of the Heavenly Fox Nation and instantly descended here. The black goat was indeed not easy to deal with. Even if it was a top-notch totem group fight, they would be injured by its radiation power.

In order to reduce the damage, the best solution was to use cleansing forbidden weapons.

This was the Heavenly Fox Nation. Dong Huang had no burden using forbidden weapons.

“Don’t worry, I won’t let you die.” President Lin looked at the black goat with a calm expression.

….

“It’s a forbidden weapon. Is it small, ordinary, or modified?” When Ji Feng and the others saw that even the forbidden weapon was here, they instantly understood that President Lin Xiao wasn’t the only one who came.

Perhaps there was still a titled legendary Mechanic presiding behind.

“Is that a forbidden weapon?…”

At this moment, in the legendary ruins space, Ji Mengzhu also sensed a huge energy wave that suddenly came from the sky. This energy wave was even stronger and more condensed than Baby Ginseng’s self-destruction just now!!

“Yeah…”

In the distance, Shi Yu, who was constantly fleeing, couldn’t help but turn around. He knew that this trip to the Heavenly Fox Nation was over.

“This is a forbidden weapon. I wonder where it was fired from.”