Chapter 707 - Your Father Even Assessed Me (3)

At this moment, when they heard how they addressed Shi Yu, Ji Feng and the others had strange expressions.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Although Shi Yu’s current appearance was indeed that of an old man, he was indeed not an old man.

Shi Yu also smiled and shook his head. “Senior Ji, you’re already a senior from 2000 years ago. Don’t call me old.”

“This is just a disguise. I’m actually quite young.”

“Not even 21 years old.”

At this moment, the gem cat had already brought the ruins space away from the battlefield. They were about to leave the Heavenly Fox Nation and were returning to Dong Huang. The matters here were left to President Lin and the others. There was no need for Shi Yu to hide his identity now.

As the power of the Time Fruit disappeared, the color of Shi Yu’s hair slowly darkened, and the wrinkles on his face gradually disappeared. His age immediately returned to his early twenties from his sixties or seventies.

This change completely shocked Ji Mengzhu and Qu Ling.

Especially Ji Mengzhu, who was so shocked that she couldn’t say a word. She looked at Shi Yu, who had returned to his 20-year-old appearance, in silence…

This, this, this…

“My name is Shi Yu.”

As Shi Yu finished speaking, Ji Mengzhu was completely speechless. She had seen Shi Yu’s various moves just now. A level-six Beast Tamer, annihilating a totem, controlling an overlord undead group, commanding a totem-level life form to freeze a totem and overlords, so that he could insta-kill a legend…

If all of this was done by an experienced level-six Beast Tamer, she could barely accept it with a shocked brain. But now, someone was telling her that the “culprit” of all of this was a 20-year-old young man??

How was this possible…

Even Emperor Wu didn’t have such a terrifying battle result at this age.

“You, you, you…” At that moment, Qu Ling also looked at Shi Yu in shock.

Initially, she also thought that Shi Yu was a senior. After all, he could still team up with a totem in such a dangerous place. How could he not have some experience and reputation?

However, when she saw Shi Yu return to his younger appearance and say that he was only 20 years old, Qu Ling was momentarily in a daze.

She had also seen Shi Yu’s performance just now.

“This guy is a freak,” Ji Feng curled his lips and said.

He felt that he had let Shi Yu settle this mission all by himself before he started doing anything…

“I can’t believe it…” At this moment, Ji Mengzhu still didn’t react. She looked at Legend Ke and the others and said,” Don’t tell me you guys are also… ”

Could it be that these old people were also extremely young? In that case, her values would probably be further impacted!

Legend Ke laughed and said, “How could that be? Shi Yu is an exception. Don’t treat him as a normal person. He’s the number one person below the legend of Dong Huang now, the most talented archeologist in Dong Huang. There’s no need to be surprised, no need to be surprised…”

The number one person below the legend level of Dong Huang!

Qu Ling widened her eyes and looked at Shi Yu. After all, before she went abroad, Dong Huang didn’t have such a title…

No, before she went abroad, Shi Yu was probably not old enough to graduate from high school.

What exactly happened in Dong Huang during this period…

Being in a totem country, Qu Ling could be said to have no idea at all.

At this moment, Shi Yu also smiled at Qu Ling and said something that made Qu Ling’s face filled with question marks.

“Master Qu Jie is your father, right? You indeed look identical. Speaking of which, my vocation assessment, intermediate assessment, advanced assessment, and even master assessment were all done with Master Qu Jie’s help.”

“After you go back, Miss Qu Ling, please greet Master Qu Jie for me.”

Qu Ling: “?”