Chapter 704 - The Third Beast Taming Talent (4)

Because his fingers had been given hardening and Space Quake elements, along with Shi Yu’s monarch-level dragon physique, this attack unsurprisingly made the frozen Bai Chuan’s face turn pale. He was heavily injured. His face was filled with disbelief and found it difficult to accept.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Sensing the heavy damage to his body, Legend Bai Chuan felt his life force flowing faster. Every contracted pet of his sensed that the Beast Tamer was in a very dangerous near-death state!!

“Roar!!!”

“Roar!!!”

Their eyes were red and their expressions were fierce, but their movements were restricted by the immobilization, unable to move!!

The Heavenly Fox Nation and the Black Goat were shocked by the gray-robed old man’s actions. They froze a totem and seven overlords in the air and directly came in front of the legendary Beast Tamer to complete the kill.

Who exactly was this guy?

“This…” The Fox God, who originally suspected that the gray-robed old man and the Black Goat were in cahoots, was stunned.

This didn’t look like they were in cahoots at all.

From the looks of it, this gray-robed old man was an even more evil villain than the black goat and the others.

He wanted to kill a Beast Tamer just because he was glanced at?

“Wait…” The Butterfly God was also shocked. Didn’t they say to keep him alive and investigate the memories of this legend of the Seven Islands?

What was Shi Yu doing?

At this moment, the one who knew best what Shi Yu was doing was Legend Bai Chuan himself. His eyes were filled with darkness. He felt that not only was his life force flowing away, but his Beast Taming Talent and his control talent over his body were also starting to disappear.

This feeling made Bai Chuan very afraid.

He felt that all of this was related to the gray-robed old man in front of him.

[Plunder.]

After heavily injuring Legend Bai Chuan into a near-death state in one hit, Shi Yu’s expression was calm. The Talent Bead on his bracelet directly activated its strength and plundered Legend Bai Chuan’s “body control talent”!!

At this moment, as the power of the Beast Taming Talent was plundered, Legend Bai Chuan’s Beast Taming Space also collapsed. In an instant, his contractual relationship with the seven pets was all broken!!

At that moment, Bai Chuan only had one breath left. Seeing this, the one who burned the most in anger was not Bai Chuan’s seven pets, but the black goat that was frozen at the side!!

Its current anger was even greater than when it saw the Black Meteorite Yak die. The Yun Race had spent a lot of effort to nurture a legendary Beast Tamer, especially a legendary Beast Tamer who was proficient in biological modification. Now, now…

Someone actually killed him under its nose. This scene caused a surge of huge anger, directly helping the black goat break free from the gem cat’s spatial restraints!!

“Roar!!!!” A terrifying black deterrence wave came from the black goat.

“Not good!!!” In the legendary ruins space, the gem cat’s expression changed. It immediately wanted to send Shi Yu and the others back to the space.

At this moment, Shi Yu was already satisfied. He had completely achieved his goal!!!

Talent Bead, Body Control Talent, plunder successful!!

It really succeeded!

Not only that.

Buzz!

At the same time, in Shi Yu’s walking stick, Chi Tong, who had possessed the bone sword, also completed the final kill of Legend Bai Chuan from afar and imprisoned its undead spirit in the bone sword. This way, it could directly control its undead form and better investigate its memories through the undead.

In an instant, a super legend that was ranked among the seven islands died under the cooperation of the gem cat and Shi Yu.

However, at this moment, although both the plundering talent and “capturing” Bai Chuan were very smooth, the threat of the black goat also followed closely!!

“Roar!!!” The black goat’s eyes seemed to have turned into black holes. Its mountain-like huge hooves swept at Shi Yu. Just as he obtained his third talent, Shi Yu was about to face a totem attack!