Chapter 710 - Lin Xiuzhu'S Portable Grandma (3)

National champion, mechanical phantom beast, fighting Kong Emperor’s secondary pet, and the number one person below the legendary level. Shi Yu’s achievements stunned Ji Mengzhu and Qu Ling.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

After all, all of this happened in two years.

Qu Ling finally knew why she had never heard of Shi Yu before she came to be a spy. This was because Shi Yu’s legend path had only taken two years!!

“Shi Yu… genius archeologist discovered the lost iron-eating beast’s evolution path…” At this moment, Senior Ji Mengzhu had a strange expression.

Shi Yu’s growth experience undoubtedly shocked her. This kind of growth experience could even be said to be legendary.

However, what concerned her the most at this moment was if Shi Yu had bragged about himself in third person when he was using the old man persona to communicate with her.

At this moment, Qu Ling and the others also learned more about Ji Mengzhu’s identity.

Ji Mengzhu’s ancestors had cultivated Iron-eating Beasts for generations. Among them, Ji Mengzhu’s father was even the number one general under Emperor Wu, the strongest expert of the Iron-eating Beast Tribe. As for Ji Mengzhu and her mother, they were both legendary feeders in charge of the feeding of Emperor Wu’s Iron-eating Beast Corps.

It could be said that Ji Mengzhu’s father was a figure like Emperor Wu’s right-hand man. He was a brother and comrade who had gone through life and death together.

Therefore, Ji Mengzhu knew a lot of information about “Uncle Emperor Wu”.

“Cat, how long until we reach Dong Huang…”

As everyone was chatting, Shi Yu suddenly ran over and asked the gem cat clone that was eating melons in the ruins.

The gem cat raised its head lazily and said, “Soon, soon.”

Shi Yu nodded and said, “Accelerate, accelerate. There’s important information.”

“Yun An is about to revive. The country has to enter a battle state quickly.”

“What!” Just as Shi Yu finished speaking, Senior Ji Mengzhu’s expression changed. She said, “The Yun race is so active. I knew something was wrong. Half-god-level elemental life forms are indeed not that easy to kill…”

“We’ll deal with it when the time comes. Senior Ji, there’s no need to be so pessimistic. After the Emperor Wu Dynasty, Dong Huang has experienced too many difficulties. So be it if Yun An comes. No matter what disaster we encounter now, Dong Huang can be confident enough to deal with it,” Shi Yu said.

Almost every legendary left a lot for Dong Huang.

For example, the recent two legendaries, the pile of pets left behind by Lin Feng, were all at the totem level, the guardians of Dong Huang.

The pile of forbidden weapons left behind by the mechanical legendary was Dong Huang’s greatest capital at the moment.

In the distant future, in the era of the Dragon Emperor, the friendship left behind by the Dragon Emperor with Dragon Palace City still affected Dong Huang. It was the key factor in Dong Huang’s overall strength as the strongest country.

Generations of Beast Tamers had left behind a lot of things. Compared to the era of Emperor Wu, the current Dong Huang had already accumulated an additional 2,000 years of heritage. Even when facing a totem king like Yun An, it wouldn’t be as desperate as in ancient times.

If one wanted the current Dong Huang to be in turmoil, one might have to wait for a mythical threat to descend.

“Can I do something?” Ji Mengzhu said. “As the spirit of the ruins, in my awakened state, it’s not a problem for my spiritual body to be active for another few decades. Is there anything I can help with?”

“That’s easy. Senior Ji, after you return to Dong Huang, why don’t you still do your old job and nurture iron-eating beasts?” Shi Yu smiled.

The others also nodded. Yes, Ji Mengzhu was a legendary feeder who nurtured the Iron-eating Beast Corps for Emperor Wu, and the Iron-eating Beast Corps could now be confirmed to be the strongest army of Emperor Wu Dynasty.

In fact, Ji Mengzhu had even told everyone just now that her father was in charge of leading the Iron-eating Beast Corps and even had a battle record of killing totems!

If such an army revived in the modern era, it would definitely increase Dong Huang’s strength greatly.

“Alright.” Ji Mengzhu nodded. Indeed, this was the most suitable for her.

She said, “Leave the 108 Iron-eating Beasts just now to me to nurture.”

Previously, the gem cat and Shi Yu had brought in a total of 108 Iron-eating Beasts.

There weren’t many, but there were also quite a lot.

The batch Ji Mengzhu and the others brought out to escape should be “elite”.

Each of them had reached Perfect Level Hardening Proficiency.

They should have received very careful cultivation very early on and was only a step away from evolution.

If they continued to nurture it, they could pull up a Nine Li Army the size of a hundred bears in a very short period of time.

“No problem.” Shi Yu smiled. At that time, be it Senior Ji or this group of Iron-eating Beasts, they had to be pulled into the Iron-eating Beast Corps under his command!

“Senior Ji, is Yun An very strong? Have you seen Yun An?” At this moment, Qu Ling looked at Ji Mengzhu.

She was also very concerned about Yun An. After all, ever since Shi Yu came out of Emperor Wu Ruins, Qu Ling had an additional mission, which was to investigate Yun An’s information in the totem country.

“Very strong.” Ji Mengzhu looked at her.

“Yun An has mastered a ‘quasi-divine skill’, which can also be said to be a ‘prototype divine skill’. No one can defeat him at all…”

“Lord Emperor Wu contracted a total of nine totem-level pets. Some of the pets even reached top-notch totem battle power.”

“And Lord Emperor Wu’s top-notch Fusion Talent can allow him to inherit the merits of the nine pets alone. Even so… After several years of battle, the first to not be able to hold on was Lord Emperor Wu. In many battles, Yun An relied on his racial advantage to survive, but Lord Emperor Wu was one step ahead of his pets and couldn’t hold on anymore.”