Chapter 715 - The Hopeful Panda Senior

“That’s what happened…”

After arriving at Senior Panda’s office, Shi Yu pulled out a chair and sat opposite her, explaining the mission experience to her.

For things like fighting the Fox God, blowing up totems, and catching legends, Shi Yu chose to omit them, afraid that he would scare Senior Panda.

He mainly explained Senior Ji Mengzhu’s background to Senior Panda.

After Shi Yu finished speaking, Lin Xiuzhu’s entire face was still stunned. On the other hand, Ji Mengzhu quickly accepted this setting. She looked at the various iron-eating beast related models, ink paintings, and felt very emotional.

Although two thousand years had passed, the Iron-eating Beast Tribe still didn’t separate from the Iron-eating Beast. Very good.

It seemed that the other clansmen who hid from the war were very lucky to have passed it down.

“You, you, in that case, are you really my ancestor?”

At this moment, Lin Xiuzhu felt that it was ridiculous.

She knew that Shi Yu was very powerful.

Even if Shi Yu cracked some Mythical Ruins one day, Lin Xiuzhu would not be surprised at all.

However, Shi Yu actually ran over and said that he would get an ancestor for herself. This kind of thing… would stun anyone!

Before Shi Yu explained, she almost thought that Shi Yu had gone to dig up the Lin family’s ancestral grave.

But speaking of which, her ancestor was actually the Iron-eating Beast General under Emperor Wu?!

Titled legend expert?

During the era of Emperor Wu Dynasty, he was a Beast Tamer whose strength was only inferior to Emperor Wu?

Senior Panda couldn’t believe it.

According to Lin Xiuzhu’s understanding of Shi Yu, the other party shouldn’t lie to her.

She imagined that Shi Yu might have wronged Shi Yu for letting Buggy transform into a mature version of herself to tease her…

“Perhaps.”

Ji Mengzhu was very happy at this moment. She didn’t expect to see a descendant of her own race apart from the Iron-eating Beast. She looked at Lin Xiuzhu and said, “But it’s not important anymore.”

“I heard from Shi Yu that your name is Lin Xiuzhu, right?”

“Yes, Senior Ji.” Lin Xiuzhu nodded hard.

“How old are you? What’s your Beast Taming level? What’s the Iron-eating Beast’s level?”

Lin Xiuzhu said in embarrassment, “25 years old, Beast Tamer level 5, Iron-eating Beast… It’s still commander rank at the moment.”

It was indeed a little low…

At the thought that her ancestor was the number one general under Emperor Wu, and had to see her family had become like this, Senior Panda was a little nervous.

“Sigh.” After hearing that, Ji Mengzhu sighed slightly. She had already expected this situation just now.

What she learned was that the iron-eating beast only rose after Shi Yu discovered the iron-eating beast’s evolution path two years ago.

During this period, the Iron-eating Beasts were only ordinary middle-level transcendent races that had only mastered hardening.

Although the Iron-eating Beast race wasn’t completely extinct, the inheritance was almost broken.

In this situation, the descendants of the Iron-eating Beast Clan’s Beast Tamer wouldn’t be too strong if they were in charge of pets of a transcendent race.

She looked at Shi Yu and could imagine that it was all thanks to Shi Yu that Lin Xiuzhu and even the Iron-eating Beast could have such a status in Dong Huang.

“It’s not too late at 25.” She looked at Lin Xiuzhu and said, “From today onwards, I’ll guide your cultivation and guide you in cultivating iron-eating beasts. In the next period of time, I’ll teach you all my experience.”

Lin Xiuzhu was slightly stunned.

“Do you want to guide me in cultivation? But I’m very stupid…”

Shi Yu was speechless. If she was stupid, how would others survive?

Senior Panda was talented. If not for Shi Yu, Senior Panda would be the number one genius in Ping Cheng.

Ever since she became a Beast Tamer, Senior Panda had displayed pretty good talent. However, in order to study the evolution of the Iron-eating Beast, she didn’t put her mind on increasing her strength.

But even so, it was already extraordinary to be able to become a master at this age. Moreover, Lin Xiuzhu’s cultivation talent was also maxed out. Not only did she develop the “Giant Transformation Teaching Manual” that allowed the Iron-eating Beast to master the Giant Transformation before it evolved, but she also developed the nurturing technique to increase the Iron-eating Beast’s hardening proficiency. It could be said that she was much stronger than Hall Master Lin Hongnian.

After all, Lin Hongnian had only developed Thunder Palm and Cannon Fist… How could she say that she didn’t have talent?

“No, you’re very talented.”

A cultivation form written by Senior Panda appeared in Ji Mengzhu’s hand at some point in time. She smiled and said, “Next, I’ll do my best to let you become a legend level Beast Tamer before the age of 30.”

“Legend?!” Lin Xiuzhu was shocked.

Even Shi Yu, who was beside him, revealed a stunned expression. Wait, she wasn’t kidding, right?

He felt that this Senior Ji thought more highly of Senior Panda than him.

Legends under the age of 30 could be counted on one hand even in Dong Huang…

It could no longer be described as a genius.

Ji Mengzhu said, “There’s nothing impossible.”

She said, “Although the person beside you is very outstanding, don’t underestimate me. I personally helped choose Emperor Wu’s Iron-eating Beast. Even the growth plan of that Iron-eating Beast to become Emperor Wu’s strongest pet was made by me.”

“Do you believe me?”

Lin Xiuzhu’s face was red. She suddenly felt that this ancestor grandma, ah, no, this ancestor big sis, was a good person. If she could become stronger, who wouldn’t be willing?

“Wait, Senior Ji, if you teach me, what about Shi Yu… Can you help him formulate the growth plan of the Iron-eating Beast like how you helped Emperor Wu? His Eleven’s talent is also very good.” Lin Xiuzhu immediately remembered Shi Yu and Eleven.

“Uh.” Ji Mengzhu was silent.