Chapter 712 - Lin Xiuzhu'S Portable Grandma (5)

However, young people like Ji Feng and Qu Ling still had fantasies.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Although Ji Mengzhu said that there was only a small chance to develop quasi-divine skills only at the totem level, it didn’t stop them from imagining it.

If a monarch-level pet mastered a quasi-divine skill, how strong would it be?

The description would be Mythical race, monarch level.

Could it fight weaker totems two levels higher?

If not, what about Mythical race, overlord level?

There shouldn’t be a problem, right? After all, the Tyrannical Sea Legend’s Giant Leviathan wasn’t a Mythical race yet. It could already fight a totem level twice.

Quasi-divine skill, Mythical Race!

In an instant, Ji Feng’s expectations were extremely high.

However, he also understood that he could only think about it. After all, it was said that none of even Lin Feng’s pets had reached the Mythical race.

At the side, Shi Yu fell into deep thought…

“Of course, Lord Emperor Wu told my father about this. Then, my father told me. I don’t know the accuracy of this information either. After all, no one has really experienced the Mythical Domain…” Ji Mengzhu said.

“Then is there anything special about quasi-divine skills compared to super skills?” Qu Ling asked.

“Of course.”

“The strongest thing about ‘divine skills’, according to Lord Emperor Wu, is that they have already mastered ‘laws and origin power’. Among them, quasi-divine skills are the stage where they first come into contact with laws. For example, Yun An’s quasi-divine skills are known as ‘incurable injuries’ because they have reached this level. If one doesn’t master corresponding abilities of the same level, they can’t resist.”

“Actually, my father has seen the battle between Emperor Wu and Yun An. He said that that’s not a battle that other low-level life forms can interfere in at all. In the battle, Yun An, who has mastered a quasi-divine skill, forms a world of its own with phenomena around him. Any power around it is completely suppressed, including the power of nature and the power of space. This is a higher-level method than borrowing the power of nature.”

“It can be said that once a quasi-divine skill is released, it can suppress all the surrounding powers that are not of the same level. All life forms who see a quasi-divine skill will have their bloodline tremble if they don’t master the same power. It’s like… like a transcendent-level Iron-eating Beast facing the deterrence of a monarch-level royal Iron-eating Beast. It will feel like its bloodline is being suppressed.”

“This is the difference between a myth and a non-myth. It’s an insurmountable difference. Therefore, it’s really impressive that Lord Emperor Wu could suppress Yun An and even kill it,” Ji Mengzhu said.

Everyone quietly listened to Ji Mengzhu, who had personally experienced the totem battle, explain.

They understood the power of a demigod again and the power of a legendary Beast Tamer.

Even if it was such a Yun An, Emperor Wu could suppress it.

Unfortunately, Emperor Wu didn’t have the ability to remove the other party’s Law Power. Otherwise, the historical direction might be new.

At the same time, Ji Feng, Qu Ling, and the other Dong Huang geniuses were also curious. The current Dragon God, who had always been on good terms with Dong Huang, was also at the demigod level. They wondered how its strength was compared to Yun An and what kind of power it had.

According to Emperor Wu, a half-god like the Dragon God and a half-god like Yun An could be considered a Mythical race?

Shi Yu thought that they were at most experts who had evolved to the extreme of the “quasi Mythical race”.

“Well, why do I feel that Ji Mengzhu’s father isn’t very reliable? I should ask the Dragon God another day,” Shi Yu muttered in his heart.

Ah, right, but the Dragon God seemed to have also said that the World Tree could be considered a Mythical race, but it wasn’t at the Mythical level. It was only the strongest demigod. In that case, it was really possible that demigods could be considered Mythical races?

However, when they thought about it, the demigods didn’t care about this racial title anymore. They were probably more concerned about when their growth level could break through to the Mythical stage, and not what the racial level represented their potential.

After a long time…

The gem cat said, “We’re at Dong Huang.”

….

After arriving at Dong Huang, no one relaxed. Next, they still had to continue working on this mission. Everyone first went to the headquarters of the tenth bureau.

As it concerned a demigod-level life form that threatened Dong Huang, Shi Yu also ran around with them. He didn’t find it troublesome, but with the cat car, it really wasn’t much trouble.

Fortunately, President Lin and the others also returned that day to preside over the overall situation. The Black Goat Totem was undoubtedly ‘captured alive’. Of course, in the current state of the Black Goat, to put it nicely, it was ‘captured alive’. To put it bluntly, it was ‘not dead’.

As for the Black Goat Totem, it naturally couldn’t be imprisoned in Dong Huang. It was directly transported to the deep sea prison of Dragon Palace City by the Sea Dragon King and the others. Only here could the totem be suppressed.

The Poison Dragon Totem was also locked here.

Dong Huang didn’t have to make payment for using the underwater prison of Dragon Palace City. As long as the Immortal Dragon King didn’t die after purification, the goat legs and lamb chop were for the dragon kings to eat as they pleased. In any case, the key was the information about the Yun race in the goat brain.

In fact, President Lin still had a lot to say to Shi Yu and Ji Mengzhu, about the Black Meteorite Yak. He wanted to ask Shi Yu how he dared to blow up a top-notch totem, even if it was weak.

However, at this moment, because he still had many more important things to deal with, he didn’t have the time to care about Shi Yu. After chatting for a while, Shi Yu was completely liberated. He brought Senior Ji Mengzhu to Wu Ling City, where the ruins of the Iron-eating Beast Corps were.

“Aren’t you going to deal with Yun An?” Seeing Shi Yu slip away from the headquarters of the Dong Huang Association without any reluctance, Senior Ji Mengzhu, who was in the ruins, said.