Chapter 714 - Lin Xiuzhu'S Portable Grandma (7)

Ji Mengzhu looked at Shi Yu and said, “After completing the transfer, I’ll give you the legendary ruins I’m staying in now. Although there’s no sealing effect, as a spatial equipment, it’s not bad as a cultivation place.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“You should encounter a lot of danger in the future. It’s safer to bring such a high-level ruin. This is a treasure left to me by my father. I’ll leave the rest to you.”

“It’s also to thank you for dealing with the Black Meteorite Yak.”

Shi Yu was stunned. Although he had always wanted a legendary ruin, Ji Mengzhu’s sealed ruin as the spirit of the ruin clearly wasn’t suitable to carry with him because of its spirit, but now, the other party actually said that the she could transfer it? Moreover, the legendary ruin could be given to him?

“This isn’t appropriate, right…” However, Shi Yu was still relatively shy.

Such a precious thing…

However, afraid that Senior Ji would regret it, Shi Yu said again, “Since it’s Senior’s good intentions, I’ll accept it respectfully…”

After all, the gem cat seemed to like this ruin quite a lot. There would be more safety guarantees in the future!

Ji Mengzhu : “…”

Shi Yu was excited. Although the legendary ruins no longer had any special sealing effect, compared to the high-level ruin that Senior Lu had cracked, which he was using now, it was clearly better.

However, he had just moved less than two months ago and he had to move again. It was so tiring.

He decided to forget it and just move.

But in that case, he seemed to have four ruins… There seemed to be too many. It was useless to have so many. He would hand two over later and return the ruins stone to Senior Ji!

“Alright, who did you say you were bringing me to see?”

Shi Yu said, “Don’t worry, Buggy, Instant Transmission.”

“Looking for Eleven’s big sister.”

Shi Yu directly summoned Buggy.

“Wu…”

Even the number one in the team couldn’t escape the fate of the tool worm.

….

Iron-eating Beast Corps camp.

The chief feeder, Lin Xiuzhu, had not even left the ruins for a long time. If there was nothing else, her food, drink, and accommodation were basically completed in the ruins.

Shi Yu had given her so many resources. She couldn’t disappoint Shi Yu’s expectations no matter what. She had to nurture the Iron-eating Beast Corps into the strongest army!

In the room, Lin Xiuzhu was doing the cultivation plan of the Iron-eating Beast Corps. She had the data of every Iron-eating Beast Tamer in the Iron-eating Beast Corps…

Knock, knock, knock.

“Please come in,” Lin Xiuzhu said and looked out the door. With a look, her expression was slightly stunned. She saw a woman who looked even more like her than her mother walk in and look at her.

To be honest, Lin Xiuzhu had lived for so long. Even when Shi Yu and Eleven created miracles in succession, she had never been so stunned.

Similarly, Ji Mengzhu, who had been instigated by Shi Yu, also saw this girl and fell silent for a moment.

Obviously…

The two of them realized that the other party looked very much like them…

“Haha.” Just as the two of them were very stunned, Shi Yu laughed and followed Buggy in.

At this moment, when he saw Shi Yu, Lin Xiuzhu, who was wearing a black and white military uniform, was stunned. She kept looking at Shi Yu, Buggy, and the mature woman version of herself and finally discovered the problem. Then, she revealed an angry blush and said, “Shi Yu, you’re too much. Hurry up and get Buggy to remove the illusion.”

Lin Xiuzhu quickly realized that this mature version of “herself” didn’t look like a real person.

After seeing Shi Yu and Buggy, he directly determined that Shi Yu had made Buggy use illusions.

“Wait, wait.” Shi Yu was also stunned. He understood that Senior Panda must have misunderstood something. He hurriedly said, “What does it have to do with Buggy?”

“Wu!!” Buggy also felt very innocent.

Ji Mengzhu looked at Lin Xiuzhu and smiled. She gradually understood and said, “Little girl, does your family have a family tree record?”

Lin Xiuzhu: “?”

Shi Yu said, “Senior, Senior Ji was a legendary feeder during the era of Emperor Wu Dynasty 2000 years ago. At that time, she was also in charge of the feeding of Emperor Wu’s Iron-eating Beast Corps…”

“You think I’m very similar to this little girl, so you think she’s a descendant of my race, right?” Ji Mengzhu said. “I do feel a bloodline connection. Interesting…”

Lin Xiuzhu: ???

At this moment, Lin Xiuzhu was a little panicked. The pen in her hand remained in midair. What, what…