Chapter 711 - Lin Xiuzhu'S Portable Grandma (4)

“This is all because of the ‘quasi-divine skill’ mastered by Yun An.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Ji Mengzhu told Legend Ke and the others about the situation in disappointment.

“Yes, I heard it from Senior Zhong Xuan,” Shi Yu said.

“Can’t Senior Emperor Wu fuse with the nine totems?” Ji Feng’s expression was solemn.

Ji Mengzhu shook her head and said, “Although Lord Emperor Wu can mobilize the power of multiple totems to suppress Yun An through his top-notch Fusion Talent, in the face of a quasi-divine skill, he won’t be able to gain much advantage after battle.”

“The quasi-divine skill has already come into contact with the power of the natural order, and the damage caused by the power of the natural order, even if one were to use Mythical medicine, is very difficult to heal if the attributes don’t match.”

“Yun An’s skill brings with it an incurable radiation injury that cannot be cleansed.”

“Quasi-divine skill… That’s super skills cultivated to the extreme, right?” Legend Ke muttered.

Even a legend like him had actually never come into contact with this level.

After all, the only life form Dong Huang could come into contact with that had mastered the prototype of a divine skill was the Dragon God.

Apart from Shi Yu, only President Lin and the Mechanical Legendary could come into contact with the Dragon God. Even for an expert like the Tyrannical Sea Legend, it was very difficult.

Unlike Ji Mengzhu, her father had even participated in the battle with Yun An, so she knew very much about this.

“Yeah.”

“But according to Lord Emperor Wu, there are three conditions.”

“When a super skill is cultivated to the extreme, it’s just one of them.”

“Every one of these three conditions is as difficult as ascending to the heavens. Even a legendary Beast Tamer like Lord Emperor Wu will find it very difficult to achieve. This is only a quasi-divine skill, let alone that unreachable Mythical Domain and complete divine skill.”

Thinking of Emperor Wu’s lonely expression at that time, Ji Mengzhu felt very uncomfortable.

“Let me tell everyone.”

“The first is to cultivate super skills to the extreme. This difficulty is said to be ten times harder for an ordinary pet to cultivate itself to the totem level through super skills!”

Ji Feng, Qu Ling, and the others were speechless.

When super skills reached perfection, they would be at the totem level.

This difficulty stuck most of the Beast Tamers now.

There were less than ten legendary Beast Tamers on Blue Planet who could personally nurture a pet to the totem level.

And the difficulty of cultivating a quasi-divine skill was ten times higher than this?

“Senior Ji, what about the other methods?” Ji Feng couldn’t help but ask.

This was a good opportunity to broaden his horizons.

This time, he didn’t come for nothing.

Even the gem cat, a totem, couldn’t help but turn its head and listen.

“Lord Emperor Wu said that the second method is to rely on the bloodline inheritance. If the parents of a pet are a Mythical race, there’s a chance that it will have its own quasi-divine skill after birth, which is the prototype of a divine skill. As it grows and trains this skill, this skill will naturally become a ‘complete divine skill’, helping it cross to the Mythical level.”

“Therefore, a Mythical creature cub might have its own quasi-divine skill. However, if it’s already so difficult for overlords to reproduce, it should be even harder for Mythical creatures…” Ji Mengzhu said.

“Has Lord Emperor Wu seen Mythical creatures and young divine beasts??” Qu Ling said in surprise.

Ji Mengzhu shook her head. “I don’t know either, but that’s what Lord Emperor Wu said…”

“The third method is said to be a ‘combination’. Since it’s very difficult to rely on one skill to master a ‘quasi-divine skill’ and there’s not enough time to develop a skill to the extreme, one can rely on two, three, four, or even more super skills, more special power, and even the power of a Beast Tamer to form a powerful combination skill. It’s enough to touch the combination skill of the rules and optimize it to become a ‘quasi-divine skill’.”

“But in Lord Emperor Wu’s words, this isn’t necessarily easier than the first method. You need peerless talent and rely on talent to smooth out the time.”

“If it succeeds, that life form can already be called a ‘mythical race’. Like a demigod-level life form, like a divine beast cub, it has the foundation to grow to the Mythical level.”

Shi Yu said, “Can you be called a Mythical race just by mastering a quasi-divine skill?? You don’t have to master a divine skill??”

Ji Mengzhu said, “A quasi-divine skill is the prototype of a divine skill. It has the potential to grow into a complete divine skill. Apart from the skill level, divine skills also represent strength. Apart from Mythical races, life forms who have mastered a complete divine skill can already be called Mythical. And creatures who have mastered ‘quasi-divine skills’ are only Mythical races, not Mythical level.”

Qu Ling said, “Wait a minute, if the first method is to cultivate a quasi-divine skill, its battle power will definitely be at the demigod level. Then the second and third methods don’t sound like there’s a requirement for strength? It can be completed at any level?”

Ji Mengzhu smiled and said, “Probably. The second method requires a natural Mythical race. Even if it’s the son of a divine beast, there shouldn’t be a reason for it to be born at the Mythical level. Perhaps it also has to experience the growth levels of monarchs and overlords…”

“As for the third method, although it sounds like there’s hope of developing and combining quasi-divine skills at any level, it’s not that simple. Only at the totem level can transcendent life forms’ development of skills be considered initial. And if a totem-level creature cultivates a quasi-divine skill, its strength will naturally be at the demigod level.”

Ordinary totems, top-notch totems, and totem half-gods were all at the totem level. The three were not realms, but the division of battle power. Everyone instantly understood Ji Mengzhu’s meaning.

Having a quasi-divine skill was basically demigod-level battle power. And if one wanted to have a quasi-divine skill at the monarch and overlord levels, they might have to be a cub of a Mythical creature. It was very difficult to complete after birth.