Chapter 716 - The Hopeful Panda Senior (2)

Little girl, why mention that?

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

If possible, didn’t she want to?

But the problem was that she only took a look at Shi Yu’s Iron-eating Beast and could tell that the cultivation level of that Iron-eating Beast was even higher than Emperor Wu’s Iron-eating Beast…

How could she teach anything?

Moreover, when she thought of how Shi Yu could even nurture a monarch-level ginseng baby to destroy totems two levels higher, Ji Mengzhu felt that she was even more unqualified to teach Shi Yu.

She even suspected that that ginseng baby was a Mythical race…

After thinking about it, she still felt that it was easier to impart all her knowledge to Lin Xiuzhu, a little girl who looked very much like her.

“I can’t teach him. His Iron-eating Beast is already more outstanding than Lord Emperor Wu’s Iron-eating Beast at the same level.” Ji Mengzhu shook her head.

“Uh.” Lin Xiuzhu was stunned. She opened her mouth slightly and turned to look at Shi Yu.

This was because Shi Yu was a pioneer in the field of Iron-eating Beast cultivation. Although Lin Xiuzhu and the others knew that Shi Yu’s Iron-eating Beast was strong, very strong, so strong that it had evolved several times, they still didn’t have an accurate concept of how strong Eleven was.

According to Shi Yu’s archeological discoveries, the Iron-eating Beast was even the trump card of the legendary Beast Tamer Emperor Wu!

Then Lin Xiuzhu and the others naturally thought that Emperor Wu’s Iron-eating Beast should be the strongest Iron-eating Beast.

After all, that was a legendary level Beast Tamer, not even just a mere legend level.

However, this was the first time Lin Xiuzhu had heard that Eleven was even stronger than Emperor Wu’s Iron-eating Beast at the same level. Moreover, these words came from the feeder who cultivated Iron-eating Beasts for Emperor Wu…

Instantly, Senior Panda was rather shocked. Lin Xiuzhu looked at Shi Yu in confusion. Wait a minute, wasn’t it a little ridiculous for him to be stronger than a Emperor Wu trump card of the same level…

It was fine if they defeated the Space Emperor’s secondary pet, but why was he now being compared with the legendary Beast Tamer’s trump card…

“Is that so?” Shi Yu also scratched his cheek innocently. Was he that powerful? That made sense. After all, even if it was Emperor Wu’s Iron-eating Beast, it couldn’t maximize all the racial skills such as Giant Transformation, Deterrence, and Impregnable at the monarch level…

Of course, apart from these, there was also a pile of body forging skills… Even the Overlord Body Armor and the Undying Golden Body…

“By the way, Senior Lin, your Iron-eating Beast hasn’t evolved yet, right? You can let Senior Ji plan it,” Shi Yu said.

“Yes, yes.” Lin Xiuzhu nodded.

Ji Mengzhu also nodded and said, “In that case, I’ll carry out the transfer first. It’ll take about a day.”

Ji Mengzhu wanted to move from the legendary ruins to the Wu Ling Ruins. Shi Yu naturally had to wait for this day.

After all, they were still waiting to take over the legendary ruins.

“During this period, bring me to see the Iron-eating Beast Corps in the ruins and receive a new batch of Iron-eating Beasts.” Ji Mengzhu looked at Lin Xiuzhu and smiled.

“Alright!” Lin Xiuzhu was full of motivation.

At the same time, he said, “Shi Yu, you should come too.”

“Forget it.” Shi Yu hurriedly rejected.

Compared to seeing how his three armies were doing, he still wanted to study the Control Talent Bead as soon as possible!

In the face of Senior Panda’s invitation, he decisively took the memory crystal of Legend Bai Chuan’s experience in using the Beast Taming Talent and ran to develop the telepathy talent.

Apart from that, Ling also held the memory crystal of Legend Bai Chuan regarding biological modification technology and continued to study the “tenth inscription” in detail.

Eleven naturally cooperated with Ling.

The other pets were also busy.

Baby Ginseng had just evolved and was very smug, but it was quickly arranged by Shi Yu to study the “Phoenix Fruit”.

Now that Baby Ginseng had fire-element, the difficulty of researching the Phoenix Fruit should have decreased a little. This was the key to joining the mixed-blood bureau!

As for Buggy, it was using the worm silk and phantom illusion to modify the corpses of the three overlords and the Black Meteorite Yak as puppets!

However, looking at the totem-level corpse, Buggy felt that it was boring.

It felt that even if it was repaired, it would only be so-so. After all, Baby Ginseng was the one who blew it up.

It was better to go to Baby Ginseng and replicate a dream illusion. Then, it would imitate and would condense a Baby Ginseng illusion every day and store it in its spatial pocket.

Although the self-destruction power of Baby Ginseng’s phantom was worlds apart from Baby Ginseng’s main body…

However, if the power was not enough, could it be made up with numbers?

It seemed feasible to save 600 billion ginseng baby phantoms and let them line up to self-destruct?

However, the greatest problem was that the maintenance of the “forbidden ginseng baby weapon” also required a lot of energy. Buggy didn’t have time to maintain so many “trump cards” at all times. This was so difficult to solve…

After thinking about it, Buggy could only helplessly look at the totem corpse again.

Chi Tong was staring at its three overlord undead. The more it looked at them, the more it disliked them.

Their battle results were too lousy.

Ever since it controlled these three undead, they had never had a good battle result.

Apart from pulling the corpse, there didn’t seem to be any other use.

Chi Tong was thinking about when to kill them and change to a powerful new undead.

Unfortunately, Shi Yu definitely wouldn’t allow it. After all, if it killed them, the proficiency of the Spirit Release skill would definitely directly reach perfect level, allowing Chi Tong to break through to the overlord level.

Obviously, Shi Yu definitely wouldn’t let Chi Tong be the first to break through.

Skill proficiency, legendary resources, and overlord will. This was the threshold to break through in Shi Yu’s team.

Apart from the proficiency points to be added, only Eleven, Baby Ginseng, and Susu had the corresponding conditions to reach these thresholds.

Among them, Shi Yu was not in a hurry to let Baby Ginseng and Susu break through because they could use the Time Fruit to reach the overlord level at any time. The impact of breaking through was not very big.