Chapter 713 - Lin Xiuzhu'S Portable Grandma (6)

Shi Yu said, “Senior, I’m only a level-six Beast Tamer. I’m not even at the Legend level.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Ji Mengzhu : “…”

So this guy still knew that he was a level-six Beast Tamer?

That wasn’t what the totem corpse lying in the ruins thought!

Shi Yu smiled bitterly, thinking that he really wasn’t free.

Although Yun An was important, it was more important to seriously add points!

Because he had heard Ji Mengzhu’s words previously, Shi Yu was even more concerned about the skill index’s [Technique Fusion] function!!

After Ji Mengzhu mentioned the three conditions of the prototype of the divine skill, Shi Yu realized that training super skills to Dao Proficiency was not the only condition to reach the prototype of a divine skill.

It could also be done by relying on multiple super skills to form a perfect combination skill?

She should have said so earlier!

[Technique Fusion] could directly fuse the two skills into one skill. Was there a more perfect combination method than this?

In other words, through [Technique Fusion], continuously fusing super skills could develop quasi-divine skills?

And a pet that had mastered a quasi-divine skill was a Mythical race. In other words, the function of [Technique Fusion] was the key to making Eleven and the others a Mythical race??

In that case, it was even more necessary to obtain the blessings of the World Tree.

Shi Yu definitely couldn’t activate super racial skills above the transcendent level. His Beast Taming level was too low, so he couldn’t support Eleven and the others to break through to the totem level. This had to be done in the level-nine Beast Taming Space. Even if he contracted above his level, it would have to be at level eight, and he was only at level six.

However, if Eleven and the others could have “quasi divine skills” at the overlord level and become “mythical races”, it didn’t seem bad? They might be able to fight totems!

Regardless of the preparation of the ancient information Ji Mengzhu mentioned, he believed it for the time being. He immediately became full of motivation.

How could he solve his worries? The only way was to increase points!

After dealing with Ji Mengzhu, Shi Yu decided to go back and start a new round of points.

Apart from that, the development of telepathy and the research of superalloy required time!

As for when he would go to Tingxiang and Rongguang to unlock the last 2/4 progress of the Space Beast Egg, he definitely had to wait for Baby Ginseng to condense another time mark and for the situation on Dong Huang’s side to stabilize. Otherwise, he would probably only have the gem cat as a bodyguard again. He didn’t feel safe.

Tingxiang and Rongguang were a little special.

If they were prepared for the worst, these two countries were even more dangerous than the eleven totem countries around Dong Huang and the Seven Islands.

In the east, due to the powerful strength of Dong Huang and Dragon Palace City, there were currently no demigod-level factions on land and in the sea, but for other countries, there were actually demigod-level factions eyeing them covetously…

In the Dark Night Forest outside Tingxiang, there was a demigod-level Dark Elven Empress who had always been at odds with the mixed-blood Elven Empress of Tingxiang.

The Demon Kingdom outside Rongguang was the greatest enemy of Rongguang. Both parties were in small-scale battles all year round. The leader of the Demon Kingdom was also a demigod.

The Dragon Empire in the west, the snow land in the north… There were demigod-level lives, even the Abyss Sea and the endless sea territory…

It could be said that if it weren’t for the fact that there were still so many demigod-level factions outside the seven countries, the seven countries with Mechanic advantages would have long swept through the world.

From this point, the Seven Islands were actually considered lucky. Their geographical location was not bad. Because of the existence of Dragon Palace City and Dong Huang, there were no powerful demigod-level totem factions eyeing them covetously…

“Senior, does this place feel familiar?”

Shi Yu stood on the tall building and asked Ji Mengzhu.

Ji Mengzhu said, “I’m no longer familiar with it. 2000 years have already passed. Everything has changed. The world has changed. I’m afraid I still have to adapt to the current Dong Huang for a long time.”

“Be it buildings, transport, or culture…”

Shi Yu smiled. “There’s plenty of time. The Iron-eating Beast Ruins where Zhong Xuan is is located is here. By the way, I still have someone to introduce to you…”

“Huh??” Upon hearing that Shi Yu had brought her to the Iron-eating Beast Corps’ training ruins, Ji Mengzhu’s expression was filled with anticipation. However, Ji Mengzhu was a little puzzled about the people Shi Yu had always said he wanted to introduce to her.

She didn’t understand why this kid was so excited.

Who was it?

Could it be that Zhong Xuan wasn’t dead yet?

Ji Mengzhu kept guessing.

….

In the ruins of Wu Ling City.

At the moment, this place had already been used as the training venue for the “Iron-eating Beast Corps”, “Green Silkworm Cocoon Corps”, and “Machinery Beast Corps”. As the New Army Tournament approached, these armies trained even harder in order to fight for military funds.

“You are…” At the entrance of the ruins in Wu Ling City, the expression of the Beast Tamer in charge of guarding the door changed when he saw Shi Yu. Shi Yu smiled, indicating that there was no need to make a fuss. After showing his identification, he directly entered the ruins.

After he entered the ruins, Ji Mengzhu’s figure immediately appeared beside him.

“As expected, it’s still the same,” Ji Mengzhu said happily. “I have good news for you.”

Shi Yu was stunned for a moment before saying, “What good news?”

“Wait, Senior Ji, why did you come out of the sealed ruins??”

Shi Yu was slightly stunned. Wasn’t Ji Mengzhu the spirit of the ruins in the legendary ruins? Previously, she had sensed the outside world in the ruins, so why…

Ji Mengzhu said, “This is the good news I want to talk about. Didn’t I tell you before that I participated in the modification of this ruin?”

“Yeah.”

“My authority over the ruins is still there. Give me some time. I can also become the spirit of the ruins in this ruin. Didn’t you say that the Iron-eating Beast Corps is currently training here? After I become the spirit of the ruins in this ruin, I can better control those training facilities.”