Chapter 726 - Legend Senior Lu And The Overlord Void Mantis (4)

Chapter 726: Legend Senior Lu and the Overlord Void Mantis (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Then… let’s go to my legendary ruins.” Lu Qingyi sighed. They definitely couldn’t fight in Ancient Capital University.

At that time, the university would be in ruins.

Only her legendary ruins could withstand overlord-level battles.

“Sure.” The Void Mantis and Shi Yu nodded. Among them, the pets in Shi Yu’s space had already begun to shake the sieve to see who got to fight it first.

Because it would definitely be a 1VS1 battle, but several of them wanted to fight. They definitely had to choose who to fight through this method.

According to the order of entry… A huge sieve kept rolling on the ground. A few pets stared intently.

In the end, the outcome of a white and red pair made the pets’ expressions change.

Only Buggy revealed an excited expression and quickly went to the spatial pocket to repair the three overlord physical puppets and the Black Meteorite Yak’s physical puppet.

After being tortured by the Worm-type Void Mantis so many times, it would definitely avenge its previous humiliation this time. It was first in the team!

“Are we fighting now?” Lu Qingyi asked.

“In the afternoon,” Shi Yu said. Buggy had just rushed all the way. It was better to let it rest for a while.

“In the afternoon, then!” The Void Mantis said. “We can continue eating.”

It bit off the chicken bone and teleported away. No one knew where it went.

….

After Shi Yu and the Void Mantis made an appointment in the afternoon, Shi Yu and Lu Qingyi continued to chat about Shi Yu’s trip to the Seven Islands.

Lu Qingyi naturally knew about “Shi Yu” clearing the path to champion through the news.

Lu Bai’s experience had long been exposed by the Mechanic of Shen Feng. However, because Lu Qingyi was busy cultivating, she didn’t know much about other things.

After Shi Yu introduced the Phoenix God Shrine, Lu Qingyi had a surprised expression and said, “A Phoenix Fruit that can give humans the Phoenix bloodline and turn them into hybrids? It can also strengthen the bloodline concentration of pets of the Phoenix race? There’s such a thing?”

“Yeah.” Shi Yu smiled and took out a red fruit. “And at the moment, I’ve already mastered the cultivation method. Do you want to give your Green Phoenix a taste?”

Lu Qingyi wanted to say something but hesitated. She had a headache and said, “The memory water drop you provided has already helped me a lot. How can I still use your resources?”

“Senior, you’re too polite. The high-level ruins you cracked are still with me. It’s that high-level ruin that’s suitable for the growth of plants…”

Lu Qingyi: “?”

Didn’t she hand it in? Why did it go to this guy?

Shi Yu coughed dryly and said, “At that time, there was no suitable ruin to use, so I ran to the bureau to get it. At the moment, the Phoenix Fruit is being cultivated here.”

Initially, after having the legendary ruins, Shi Yu wanted to return the high-level ruins, but he suddenly realized that even the legendary ruins’ growth effect on plant pets and the growth enhancement effect of spiritual plants were inferior to this high-level ruin. As the saying went, there were specializations in various fields.

Therefore, after consideration, Shi Yu chose to stay behind to study and plant the Phoenix Fruit and the Reincarnation Fruit to maximize the benefits of using the ruins.

“I see.” Lu Qingyi came to a realization. “But I’m more curious. Can a fruit really transform humans into hybrids?”

“Yes,” Shi Yu said. “But it requires a suitable aptitude.”

“For example, when the Phoenix Race modified the pure-blooded humans into hybrids, not just anyone can do it. Instead, they have to choose those with compatible aptitudes. For example, General Mu Huiyin and Senior Empress should be very compatible.”

“The conditions for using the Phoenix Fruit are similar. Beast Tamers also need to have a certain amount of aptitude, or have ancestors that have mixed blood of the Phoenix Race. Those whose bloodline inheritance has been broken, or those who have compatibility themselves, might be modified into mixed blood by the Phoenix Fruit.”

Lu Qingyi asked, “Then how do we determine?”

Shi Yu said, “It was difficult to determine previously, and it was very troublesome to find, but now…”

He took out something that looked like a mechanical radar and smiled. “I got my mechanical pet to take the time to make this. The bloodline detector can detect humans with the Phoenix bloodline within a certain range.”

After the radar was created, Shi Yu had already gotten Ling to fly around Icefield City to test it. There were two humans with the aptitude of a phoenix hybrid in a second-level city in Icefield City!!

Unfortunately, one of them was already an old granny in her sixties. She wasn’t even a Beast Tamer. Shi Yu and Ling felt that it was a little unsuitable to ask her if she wanted to join the Phoenix Army with the Phoenix Fruit, so they gave up on this candidate.

The other was a little girl who had just entered kindergarten. Her parents were both Beast Tamers. Although she was a good seedling, she was too young and still not suitable. After being annoyed by that fact, Shi Yu and Ling didn’t continue looking for her. In any case, it was enough to prove that the radar could be used.

“After using it, if there are humans with bloodlines that match their aptitude nearby, it will automatically track them.” Shi Yu activated the radar. In the next moment, a red dot appeared on the radar and a beeping sound appeared.

Shi Yu was stunned.

Lu Qingyi was stunned.

Lu Qingyi said, “This means… is there anyone nearby who meets the aptitude?”

“Wait, don’t tell me it’s me.”

Shi Yu smiled and said, “It’s not you, Senior, but if you want to become a hybrid, apart from the Phoenix Fruit, there’s still a way.”

“I know, but I don’t have this intention for the time being…” Lu Qingyi quickly shook her head.

Before Shi Yu went to the Seven Islands, he gave her the memory water drop. With the memory water drop, Lu Qingyi’s Courtyard Sprite’s possession skill had also reached the level where it could change the bloodline of the target.

If she wanted to, Lu Qingyi could have the elven bloodline in a while. However, like Shi Yu, she was not interested in becoming a hybrid. She still preferred the identity of a pure-blooded human.

“Then can this be a Beast Tamer of Ancient Capital University…” she asked Shi Yu.

Shi Yu nodded and said, “The detection range of the radar isn’t big. It’s only about a quarter the size of Ancient Capital University. From the looks of it, it should be.”

“Let’s go take a look together?” Shi Yu said.

At Ancient Capital University, genius Beast Tamers gathered. The people here with the phoenix hybrid aptitude shouldn’t be as useless as the first two, right?

“Will it be a teacher or a student?” Lu Qingyi was a little curious.

“As long as it’s not the canteen auntie,” Shi Yu said.

Shi Yu added, “I prefer it to be a student. I still seem to be the president of the battle club of Ancient Capital University… I should hurry up and get more students with some aptitude to replace me…”

Otherwise, he couldn’t possibly finish the world competition at the end of the year and fight a bunch of totem countries before returning to the country in January to continue participating in the national university competition…