Chapter 727 - Buggy Vs The Void Mantis

Chapter 727: Buggy vs the Void Mantis

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Ancient Capital University, Battle Club.

To Shi Yu and Lu Qingyi’s surprise, the Phoenix Radar actually led them here.

The two of them stood outside the battle club building and looked at each other.

“A Beast Tamer of the battle club?” Lu Qingyi asked.

“Isn’t that good?” Shi Yu was excited.

He really got what he wanted.

Shi Yu and Lu Qingyi directly entered the battle club building. They walked to the audience seats on the second floor and looked at the training ground.

At the moment, there were only a dozen or so people here.

Shi Yu looked over and was rather surprised because they were all second-year students.

Apart from this group of students, Dean He, the instructor of the battle club, was also present.

Initially, it was the president’s job to be in charge of daily training, but the problem was that the president was busy.

In other schools, teachers slacked off while student cadres worked. In the Ancient Capital, students cadres slacked off while teachers worked.

After the physical training was completed, Dean He said to everyone, “Everyone, rest first.”

He looked at these dozen or so people. Yu Shu, Miao Dongdong, Zhang Qianyi, Wang Ling, Han Dong, Fang Ji, Xu Jingyin… They were all geniuses from Shi Yu’s vocation assessment.

Yu Shu, who had been teased by Shi Yu’s Buggy’s Ice Dragon Phantom, Miao Dongdong, who had been teased by Buggy’s worm silk, Zhang Qianyi, who had been shattered by Shi Yu’s Eleven’s Giant Thunder Palm, and Han Dong, who had been insta-killed by Eleven and Buggy’s double deterrence… More or less, they had all suffered a beating.

But was this a bad thing? Not necessarily. Because they had been beaten up by Shi Yu, Shi Yu actually recognized them.

After the huge amount of education funds from Ancient Capital University this time, under Shi Yu’s suggestion, this batch of second-year students became the main cultivation target of Ancient Capital University. Naturally, there were more training courses.

Physical training like today naturally couldn’t be escaped. Of course, in comparison, Ancient Capital University would also provide nutritional supplements to increase physique and high-level supplements to recover physical strength.

At the moment, with the huge investment of Ancient Capital University, the best among them, such as Yu Shu, Zhang Qianyi, and Miao Dongdong, had already passed the high-level Beast Tamer assessment. Their strength was not necessarily inferior to the third and fourth-year seniors. They might all become master-level Beast Tamers before graduation.

Apart from that, a super genius like An Chang also appeared among the first-year students. With some time, Mechanic students had a chance of rising. Ancient Capital University could completely be said to have a bright future!

Dean He was excited!

“Can you confirm which one it is?” Sitting on it, Lu Qingyi asked.

Shi Yu held the radar and said, “Sure.”

With that said, he activated the automatic search function of the radar. The radar instantly left Shi Yu’s hand and floated up, flying towards the training ground below.

Lu Qingyi looked at this black technology-like thing and didn’t know how Shi Yu created it.

Ling: “Laziness is the best productivity…”

“It’s very convenient, right? It’s just that the energy source is a little expensive.” Shi Yu smiled. However, it was fine as long as it was convenient. This was much more convenient than the method of finding people in the Phoenix God Shrine he understood.

Below, just as the crowd dispersed, the radar flew in front of a girl and stopped.

The radar flying over directly attracted everyone’s attention, making them look at this strange machine together.

At the same time, Shi Yu said in surprise, “So it’s her.”

The girl in front of the radar was very tall. She was wearing the gray training uniform of the battle club. She had short hair and a beautiful face that was still covered in sweat. At this moment, she was wiping her sweat with the sports towel around her neck. She was also very confused about the machinery that stopped in front of her.

Zhang Qianyi, a second-year student of the battle department of Ancient Capital University, an elementalist who was once called “Elemental God” in the vocation assessment.

At that time, every candidate was more or less given a nickname, but while some were pleasant to the ears, others were unpleasant. For example, Shi Yu’s was “Iron-eating Beast Knight”.

Even Lu Qingyi had some impression of her, because the other party’s Beast Taming Talent was pretty good. It was the Elemental Coordination Talent. She had once fought Shi Yu in the vocation assessment, but she was completely no match for Eleven’s Giant Thunder Palm that descended from the sky.

After that battle ended, Shi Yu even announced the evolution of the iron-eating beast and walked into the public’s vision.

However, this didn’t mean that she was weak. Even Yu Shu, who came from the Imperial Dragon Family, had been shattered by her in a few seconds. Her combination skill, Thunder Cloud Storm, was probably invincible in that assessment apart from when facing Shi Yu and Yin Zhengfan.

If Shi Yu remembered correctly, this girl came from a small city. Her parents weren’t Beast Tamers. Because she was talented, she walked the path of a Beast Tamer. It was her first time coming to the Ancient Capital to participate in the vocation assessment, and because her foundation wasn’t strong enough, she didn’t even pass the preliminaries.

However, because of this, she was chosen by a top-notch master and taken in as a disciple. That was why she was in the second round of the vocation assessment against Shi Yu.

A person with the aptitude of a phoenix hybrid… It was actually her. It was good that he knew her.

“What’s this?” Dean He saw the machinery and immediately looked around.

At the same time, a voice appeared in Dean He’s head.

“Dean He, this is Shi Yu. Sorry to disturb you. Um, do you have time to get Zhang Qianyi to come over?”

Damn.

As soon as he finished speaking, Dean He suddenly looked in his direction and really saw Shi Yu standing there… Even Lu Qingyi as well. He looked at the two who arrived and was stunned.

He didn’t understand why these two gods would suddenly come here.

Although Dean He was the dean of the battle department of Ancient Capital University and a top-notch master, he also knew that his strength had long been surpassed by young geniuses like Shi Yu and Lu Qingyi.