Chapter 722 - Creating A Super Sect (5)

Chapter 722: Creating a Super Sect (5)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

President Lin established Bureau 13 of Dong Huang to gather elite talents from various fields and promote the prosperity and development of various fields. Together, he wanted Dong Huang to become stronger. Every Beast Tamer qualified to enter one of the bureaus was considered a pillar of the country.

However, why did Shi Yu feel like he was playing the key national departments he had established as a “collection game”?

Moreover, Shi Yu wasn’t the first to say that to him.

The first to feel that Shi Yu should have joined the tenth bureau’s Intelligence Bureau was Legend Zhang of the tenth bureau that had accompanied him in the Heavenly Fox Nation!

Although very silent back there, Grandma Zhang was very emotional when she spoke to President Lin afterward.

“I’ve long heard of many of this Shi Yu’s deeds. Today, it looks like he’s indeed a super genius. Old Lin, speaking of which, this Shi Yu is quite suitable to join the Intelligence Bureau. He’s simply played an irreplaceable key role this time. This telepathy talent is simply born for information.”

“Not only can it communicate with foreign races with language barriers, but it can also listen to history. In this era, the importance of information is self-evident.”

If the information was correct, everything could be set up in advance. Even demigods would have to kneel!

However, in the face of Legend Zhang’s praise for Shi Yu, President Lin didn’t mind much. He thought that Shi Yu would find it troublesome. After all, he had already joined so many bureaus.

But from the looks of it, not only did this guy not find it troublesome, he even seemed to be enjoying it?

“Yes.” President Lin thought for a moment and nodded slightly. Some special benefits of joining the Intelligence Bureau seemed to be helpful for Shi Yu’s safety when he was active abroad.

In that case, he could do as he wished.

Shi Yu was excited. Alright, five bureaus.

“By the way, President Lin, do you know the Phoenix God Society of the Seven Islands? It’s the Seven Islands faction that was lucky enough to obtain the low-level resources of the Phoenix Mystic Realm.”

President Lin said, “Of course. Speaking of which, their legend seems to want to come to Dong Huang to visit you and Lu Bai. However, because the relationship between the Seven Islands and Dong Huang was tense previously, they couldn’t come. But after a while, Dong Huang and the Seven Islands should let them pass.”

“Did you expose your alternate identity?”

Shi Yu was stunned, but he didn’t mind. He said, “Probably not. He’s most likely curious about the origin of the Phoenix Mystic Realm.”

“President Lin, what I want to say is that didn’t their legend Divine Master develop a resource called the Phoenix Fruit that can modify humans with suitable talent into phoenix hybrids?”

“I’ve also researched the cultivation method of this resource! With the resources in place, it can be produced in large quantities. A phoenix hybrid should be quite strong, especially since the Phoenix Race’s headquarters is Dong Huang in the first place. With the empress also a hybrid of the Phoenix Race, she can definitely find a batch of young female Beast Tamers with special aptitude. I feel that we can make a phoenix army!!”

“Isn’t the strongest army of the empress dynasty the Phoenix Army? Now that we have the Iron-eating Beast Army, isn’t it not bad to have the Phoenix Army?”

The more Shi Yu thought about it, the more he felt that it was possible. Iron-eating Beast Army, Green Silkworm cocoon army, mechanical phantom beast army, Phoenix Army… It looked like his armies had to increase by one.

If it was going to happen in the future, why not go for it now? After hanging up, he would get Buggy to fly around and see if he could find a beautiful girl with the aptitude of a phoenix and nurture her in advance.

When President Lin heard that, he fell silent again.

Did this kid still want to join the mixed-blood bureau?

He remembered that when he established Bureau 13 of Dong Huang, he probably didn’t mention the strange setting of “as long as you gather all 13 bureaus, you can become the next president of Dong Huang”…