Chapter 725 - Legend Senior Lu And The Overlord Void Mantis (3)

Chapter 725: Legend Senior Lu and the Overlord Void Mantis (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

….

After adding points to Eleven again, Shi Yu headed to the ancient capital and temporarily stopped his bitter cultivation.

At this moment, the appearance of Ancient Capital University was already completely different. Ever since the last National League, after Ancient Capital University obtained sufficient education funds, it began to renovate internally and externally, and the cultivation facilities were completely upgraded.

In a private courtyard of Ancient Capital University, Lu Qingyi was leisurely sitting on a chair and reading. With a spatial ripple, Shi Yu appeared nearby.

“You’re here. I just arrived too.” After Shi Yu arrived, Lu Qingyi got up and smiled.

“Senior, long time no see.” Shi Yu greeted his senior and retracted Buggy to let it rest. After rushing all the way, Buggy was exhausted.

Ever since they met before going to the Seven Islands, Shi Yu seemed to have not seen Lu Qingyi for almost five months.

After breaking through to the legend level, Lu Qingyi’s current aura was once again filled with charm, like a natural spirit. It should be related to the feedback of the overlord-level Courtyard Sprite.

“Where’s that mantis?” Shi Yu asked curiously after arriving.

“Cough.” Lu Qingyi coughed dryly. The surrounding space flashed again. A Void Mantis holding and nibbling a drumstick had an unfriendly gaze. “Kid, show some respect.”

Previously, he was still calling it senior, but now he was calling it mantis. Was he arrogant?

“Senior Mantis, long time no see. Congratulations on breaking through.” Shi Yu’s eyes lit up.

< Name > Void Mantis

[Attributes]: Space

[Race Level]: High-level overlord (Quasi Mythical)

[Level of Growth]: Overlord

Energy Points: 62,210,000

62.21 million… It was about the same as the Mountain Tortoise and the Ice-Eyed White Tiger!

Of course, it definitely couldn’t be calculated that way. After all, the Void Mantis was a spatial type, and it had just broken through less than two months ago. Its growth potential was huge, different from those old overlords whose potential had almost been consumed.

Moreover, if Senior Mantis could borrow the power of the void at the monarch level, it would definitely be even more terrifying after the overlord level. The power of the void was much stronger than the power of the dragon vein borrowed by the Green Scaled Dragon. Its strength was probably not weaker than that Green Scaled Dragon.

“It’s alright,” the Void Mantis said calmly. It was just the overlord level. What was so strange about breaking through?

Lu Qingyi said, “It’s all thanks to Senior Void Mantis’s guidance during this period of time. If it hadn’t agreed to lend the Space Emperor Ruins, I wouldn’t have been able to break through so quickly.”

The Void Mantis said, “It’s no big deal. You’re the one with pretty good talent.”

“By the way, kid, how’s the hatching progress of that egg? How many places have you gone?”

Shi Yu said, “I’ve gone to two places. It’s pretty smooth. Only Tingxiang and Rongguang are left.”

“The progress is so slow,” the Void Mantis said. “I still want to see what hatches.”

The corners of Shi Yu’s mouth twitched. “There’s no Space Emperor Teleportation Array anymore. How can it be so easy to hatch an egg from such a far place?”

The Void Mantis: “You definitely didn’t hatch the egg properly.”

Shi Yu: “I was already very close to death! I almost fought a totem.”

The Void Mantis: “Ah… That’s a little dangerous…”

Shi Yu sighed. It had followed the Spatial Kong Emperor since he was young, so it naturally didn’t know the hardships of the world.

Lu Qingyi asked, “By the way, when do you plan to go to Tingxiang?”

“I haven’t decided. What’s wrong?” Shi Yu asked.

Lu Qingyi smiled and said, “I feel that we can go together. I also have something to do in Tingxiang. After my sprite reached the overlord level, it has more memories from when it was alive. It wants to return to her hometown to take a look.”

“I see. How about in a month?!” Shi Yu said.

For a month, he would work overtime and let Baby Ginseng condense another time mark. At that time, he would be more at ease…

“Alright, I can use this month to fight for the ranking,” Lu Qingyi said with a confident smile.

“Just fight this kid!” At the side, the Void Mantis encouraged.

In its opinion, Lu Qingyi’s current strength was definitely stronger than Shi Yu.

“Senior Mantis, don’t encourage her randomly. If you want to come, do it yourself.” Shi Yu smiled.

He didn’t want to fight Lu Qingyi. At the moment, Lu Qingyi only had the Courtyard Sprite at the overlord level. During the battle, it would definitely be the sprite possessing Lu Qingyi. If he wanted to win, he could only hit the user. How could he do it to someone he knew?

Void Mantis: Hm?

Lu Qingyi was stunned. Although she knew that Shi Yu’s battle results on the Seven Islands were very strong, she couldn’t help but feel curious when she saw that Shi Yu was even more confident than her.

She could be said to know the strength of the Void Mantis after breaking through. Once it broke through, it was not a problem to say that the battle power of the Void Mantis was comparable to a top-notch overlord.

“I think you’re arrogant!” The Void Mantis sneered. “You’re itching for a beating again. Then I really want to teach you a lesson.”

The Void Mantis had also been Shi Yu and the others’ sparring partner in the Space Emperor Ruins for a long time. Eleven, Buggy, and Baby Ginseng were no match for the Void Mantis at that time and were tyrannized every time.

But at that moment, in Shi Yu’s space, be it Buggy, Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong, or Susu, they were all extremely active. Just now, before the Void Mantis appeared, they were all shouting that they wanted to fight the Void Mantis again.

Shi Yu was helpless. He could only find an opportunity to challenge the Void Mantis that had broken through and give them a chance to “have revenge”. A monarch level expert fighting an overlord level expert… Moreover, he was quite excited. Only Shi Yu’s team could find such a ridiculous thing.

“Alright, let’s fight!” Shi Yu said.

“Where’s the venue?” the Void Mantis said.

At the side, Lu Qingyi was also quite helpless. Why were they going to fight as soon as they met?