Chapter 723 - Legend Senior Lu And The Overlord Void Mantis

Chapter 723: Legend Senior Lu and the Overlord Void Mantis

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

President Lin was silent.

However, the Phoenix Fruit of the Phoenix God Shrine was indeed a good thing.

The humans of Dong Huang used dragons and phoenixes as totems. Among them, the empress was a hybrid Phoenix Race. The symbolism was huge. It could be said that the empress was the idol of most female Beast Tamers in Dong Huang.

Now, the dragon hybrid had been passed down, but the phoenix hybrid had been lost. It was a little regretful.

If he could use the Phoenix Fruit to dig up the Beast Tamers with hidden Phoenix hybrid aptitudes among the Dong Huang humans and help them awaken, Dong Huang might be able to add several powerful legends.

“Arrange for it to be done,” President Lin said. “As long as nothing goes wrong.”

The World Tournament was imminent, and he had more important things to do. He didn’t have time to care about these things now, so he handed Shi Yu full authority to deal with it himself.

Upon hearing that, Shi Yu smiled brightly and said, “Alright.”

When the Phoenix Army was established, the mixed-blood bureau would probably be completed!

The others that were easier to join, such as the Medical Bureau, the Business Bureau, the Education Bureau… didn’t feel very difficult.

After hanging up, Shi Yu immediately got Buggy to bring him around Ping Cheng to find Beast Tamers with the aptitude of a phoenix hybrid…

Then, after searching around, Shi Yu returned to the icy plain and threw a mission to Ling’s clone.

He took the time to make “Phoenix Radar” and “Phoenix Search Compass”. It was the kind of detector that could automatically show the position of a Beast Tamer with the aptitude of a phoenix hybrid.

It was indeed too troublesome to find it himself.

Ling: “…#” Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong: ~

….

Time passed. In the blink of an eye, another two months had passed since Shi Yu returned from his mission in the Heavenly Fox Nation.

In two months, Dong Huang produced big news.

Zheng Hai, the quasi legend who was originally eighth in the Sequence, had his pet break through to the overlord level. He passed the legend assessment and became the new legend of Dong Huang!

This news could be said to have made Dong Huang’s inner sect explode with firecrackers.

This way, there would be five legend Beast Tamers in the top ten of the Dong Huang Sequence!

However, what made people the most curious was what number the Sequence ranking would increase to after Zheng Hai officially became a legend.

Should he replace the fifth place of the Sequence, the number one person below the legendary level, Shi Yu, or directly replace one of the top four legends?

Either one was enough to be a topic of conversation!

Because at that time, Shi Yu would fall to sixth place.

However, Zheng Hai himself had no intention of challenging Shi Yu…

Others might not know how he became a legend so quickly, but he himself obviously knew.

He couldn’t bite the hand that fed him.

Zheng Hai had allowed his pet to break through to overlord through the Mythical Ruins of the Seven Islands. After the matter of the Yun Race surfaced, after the relationship between Dong Huang and the Seven Islands eased, Zheng Hai still successfully entered the Mythical Ruins.

Then, he let his trump card, the Battle Leviathan, break through to overlord.

As for the right to use this ruin, it was transferred to Zheng Hai by Shi Yu. Zheng Hai naturally couldn’t turn around and challenge Shi Yu…

At this moment, Zheng Hai had already learned from his teacher, Legend Sea Tyrant, that Shi Yu and Lu Bai were the same person.

When he learned about it, Zheng Hai could be said to be extremely stunned.

Because at that time, he had clearly watched the battle live broadcast of Lu Bai and the Shen Feng Mechanic and called Shi Yu!

Moreover, Shi Yu even fought Lu Bai!

The older the wiser. The Tyrannical Sea Legend saw through it with a single sentence. What if one of them was a clone?

Upon hearing that, Zheng Hai was immediately shocked and understood his immaturity.

At the same time, he felt that Shi Yu was more and more ridiculous. An alias of his could kill indiscriminately in the Seven Islands?!

He was still human?!

“Brother Shi Yu, you’ve been hiding quite a bit of stuff from me…” On the phone, Zheng Hai kept smiling bitterly at Shi Yu.

“But I’m still very grateful to you. I’ll prepare the resources we discussed previously as soon as possible and send them to you.”

Shi Yu chuckled and said, “No hurry, no hurry. Congratulations, Brother Zheng Hai, for passing the legend assessment. What are your plans next?”

Zheng Hai was stunned. “You mean the Sequence ranking? I plan to challenge Jiang Tianyang or Zhou Ming, who’s third or fourth, after stabilizing my strength.”

The top four of the Sequence were all legends. Among them, Jiang Tianyang was originally in fourth place, but he successfully challenged the original third place, Zhou Ming, and advanced by one.

Because these two people didn’t cultivate enough, they only contracted one overlord-level pet. Therefore, Zheng Hai decisively targeted them.

They would both have just one, so he wasn’t afraid.

He couldn’t challenge Shi Yu, who was fifth in the Sequence and wasn’t a legend yet, right? That would be too much.

Whether he won or lost, it wasn’t good.

As for the first and second ranks of the Sequence, they both had more than one overlord-level pet. It was difficult to fight, so the best choice was still third and fourth.

“Then I wish you success, Brother Zheng Hai,” Shi Yu blessed.

“Cough, cough, I keep feeling a little apologetic…” Zheng Hai felt awkward and said,” If I enter the top five, Brother Shi Yu, you’ll fall down. Only the top five have legendary resources as a reward, and I can pass the legendary assessment so quickly because of your help… ”

Zheng Hai was in a dilemma.

Sigh, if he had known that Lu Bai was Shi Yu, he wouldn’t have accepted the right to use this Mythical Ruins no matter what. It wasn’t suitable to fight now, nor was it suitable not to fight.

However, it was impossible to give up. Zheng Hai planned to make up for Shi Yu more with the resources he had promised previously.

“Don’t worry about me. I have other missions in this world competition. No matter what my final ranking is, I’ll have legendary resources and participate in the competition. Just fight up without worry,” Shi Yu said with a smile.