Chapter 724 - Legend Senior Lu And The Overlord Void Mantis (2)

Chapter 724: Legend Senior Lu and the Overlord Void Mantis (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

His legendary resources had long been taken in advance.

It didn’t matter even if his ranking fell below 100.

If Zheng Hai had the ability to fight and get another one, that would be his luck and strength.

“Really?” After Shi Yu finished speaking, Zheng Hai was stunned.

“Of course.”

Zheng Hai was overjoyed. “Thank you.”

If he could obtain the legendary resources in the top five of the Sequence, he might be able to nurture another overlord before the World Tournament began!

After confirming with Zheng Hai when the resources promised by the other party would be transferred, Shi Yu smiled. Fortunately, Zheng Hai didn’t plan to challenge him, who was fifth place. Otherwise, he would probably cry very badly.

That was because Eleven was about to break through to the overlord level. The other pets were also strengthened at the epic level!

Two months ago, he could already barely fight against the three overlords…

Not to mention now, two months later…

A newly advanced legend was definitely not his match.

Eleven was about to break through to overlord. Buggy had four body puppets, including half a totem corpse puppet. Baby Ginseng evolved again. Chi Tong had three overlord undead puppets. Apart from that, Chi Tong, Susu, and Ling’s fusion mechas were even more perfect.

In addition, he had cultivated to the maximum level of Psychic power, so his spirit and stamina were more abundant. He could withstand longer possession. He estimated that in the current Sequence ranking, the only ones who could pose a threat to him were probably the first place Ye Xing and the second place Divine Bell.

One of the two had an abnormal Beast Taming Talent related to the power of the stars, while the other was a descendant of the mechanical legendary. Shi Yu couldn’t figure out their strength.

But this wasn’t important. In any case, they would all be his bodyguards in the end. The stronger the better.

Moreover, Shi Yu estimated that the next top five of the Sequence should be very impressive. Even if he didn’t participate in the competition, Zheng Hai might not be able to get into the top five…

Because… Lu Qingyi contacted Shi Yu before Zheng Hai did.

For the past half a year, she had been cultivating in the Space Emperor Ruins with the Void Mantis.

Recently, she had also successfully broken through to the Legend level. She and that Courtyard Sprite and her broken through to level seven alone, and one sprite had reached the overlord level. They were only one assessment away from the title of Legend Beast Tamer.

As for her strength, it completely reached the standard.

Shi Yu smiled. For the sake of legendary resources, Senior Lu definitely had to fight for the top five. At that time, with so many legends fighting for the top five, there was bound to be an unlucky person.

As for Brother Zheng Hai, it felt like he was that unlucky guy…

“Wu…” Shi Yu glanced at his cooldown interface.

[Cooldown Time: 0: 11]

There were still 11 minutes left. He entered the ruins and prepared to add a new round of points to Eleven. Then, he would go to Ancient Capital University to see the legend Senior Lu.

After Lu Qingyi broke through to the legend level, she wanted to thank Shi Yu in person. Shi Yu didn’t let her come to Ping Cheng and arranged to meet her at Ancient Capital University.

After all, Ping Cheng was in the middle of nowhere. There wasn’t even a good place to have a meal together. It was better to go to Ancient Capital.

In the ruins, Eleven was in the gym, training with two legendary resources, Aurora Magnetic Gold.

< Name > Eleven

[Attributes]: Metal, Thunder

[Race Level]: High-level overlord (Quasi Mythical)

[Level of Growth]: Monarch level

[Race Skill]

“Super Level”: Inner Power (Expert+11), Lightning Rod (Expert+11), Space Quake (Expert+11), Bean Soldier (Expert+11), Impregnable (Expert+11)

[Teaching Skill]

“Super Level”: Undying Golden Body (Perfect), White Thunder (Perfect), Super Alloy (Perfect)

Normal Energy Points: 15,010,000

In the past two months, Shi Yu had mainly added points to Eleven, Ling, and Baby Ginseng.

Among them, Ling upgraded the top-notch intelligent divine net, while Baby Ginseng upgraded the Fire of Life and was upgraded to expert level. As for the Lightning and Energy Storage Beams, it was relatively simple to upgrade them, so it was naturally maxed out.

As for Eleven, it was only a step away from breaking through to perfect overlord. Among them, it was due to Shi Yu, resources, and even Eleven’s own hard work.

In fact, Shi Yu didn’t even upgrade a skill like White Thunder, but it was difficult for its proficiency to be low if it hugged two legendary resources that contained the power of the White Thunder Rule Force every day.

It was the same for superalloy. Through the superalloy food specially developed by Ling, the continuous eating for two months had at least made Shi Yu save two point-adding sessions, but it was a little expensive.

Apart from that, skills like Inner Power, Undying Golden Body, and Impregnable were also very good for Eleven, who had the will of an overlord, courting death training, and had Baby Ginseng to cover its injuries. Coupled with the most important points Shi Yu added, the entire team’s gains in two months were better than Shi Yu imagined.

“Huh?” Shi Yu walked to Eleven’s gym. When Eleven saw Shi Yu, its eyes lit up.

It was about to break through to overlord.

“There’s no hurry. Let’s order the superalloy first.” Shi Yu chuckled.

Shi Yu originally wanted to let Eleven complete its breakthrough and evolution in one go.

However, under Ling’s suggestion, Shi Yu decided to pull up the skills of the other pets before letting Eleven break through.

That was because Eleven’s strength after breaking through and evolution would definitely be very terrifying. Although it might also feedback to Shi Yu’s stronger physique, the consumption would definitely be greater than strengthening. It would be fine if Shi Yu’s physique could withstand it, but if he couldn’t, breaking through too early would make Shi Yu weaker. It would undoubtedly delay the subsequent increase in points.

Shi Yu thought about it and agreed. It was best to let Eleven break through and evolve on the eve of the World Tournament. In any case, it was coming soon, so he couldn’t be anxious.