Chapter 721 - Creating A Super Sect (4)

Chapter 721: Creating a Super Sect (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

This way, it would be very difficult for other Iron-eating Beasts to replicate this path.

Ling felt that this research was not perfect enough, but an expert level top-notch intelligence could only do this much.

“It’s good enough. Let’s do this first.” Shi Yu nodded. He was already completely satisfied.

This way, the basic conditions for evolution were about the same!!!

After Eleven broke through to the overlord level, it could carry it out.

However, he had to increase the superalloy skill points first.

Shi Yu was considering whether to reach Perfect Level or the transcendent level, which was the upper limit.

If it reached the perfect level, it was hard to say if it could fuse the Demon God Metal and the Light Thunder Metal to complete the evolution at the same time. After all, it was a conflicting power.

And if it was transcendent, the investment would be too big. However, in this case, the success rate and the racial level after evolution would definitely be maxed out.

Shi Yu thought for a moment. The World Tournament was still early. At the moment, he could add points to Eleven. The cooldown of a super skill would take less than a day. He felt that there was still hope for 64 points into superalloy.

“Transcendent-level superalloy+Dark Demon God Metal+Light White Thunder Metal. Is it possible to reach the Mythical race and awaken quasi divine skills?”

Suddenly, Shi Yu recalled Senior Ji Mengzhu’s words.

Relying on the fusion of many skills and special powers, it was possible to form the prototype of a divine skill…

As for the transcendent super evolution skill superalloy, it was clearly a skill to fuse special power…

Transcendent super racial skills could already be at the totem level. As for Eleven’s superalloy, although it wasn’t a racial skill, the difficulty of mastering it was usually higher than those skills.

Using it to fuse special powers… One of them came from the half-god Yun An, and the other was the conflicting white lightning.

What if…

Shi Yu smiled and stopped daydreaming. He felt that the chances were not high. If Eleven could really become a Mythical race at the overlord level, wouldn’t he be even more impressive than Legend Lin Feng?

However, if there were conditions, it was definitely better to maximize superalloy. Even if it couldn’t reach the Mythical race, it would definitely be the pinnacle race below the Mythical stage. It would completely defeat Emperor Wu’s Iron-eating Beast.

“Let’s continue adding points…”

That was what Shi Yu thought. However, the Bean Bear guard who was in charge of answering the call outside the ruins suddenly ran in to inform Shi Yu to answer the call.

Shi Yu was stunned. He decisively left the ruins and came to a place with a signal.

The caller was President Lin.

Shi Yu picked up the call in surprise and said, “President Lin, how is it?”

On the other side of the video, President Lin shook his head and said, “The three mystic realms of the Meteor Race only broke through the nest of the Black Goat and the nest of another ordinary totem. We didn’t find the traces of that top-notch totem’s mystic realm. One possibility is that it’s a legendary and Mythical mystic realm that we can’t crack. It hid. The other possibility is that it’s a mobile mystic realm. That totem learned of the danger in advance and escaped.”

“Now that we’ve locked onto the location of this ruins mystic realm, regardless of whether it hides or escapes, this place will continue to be monitored.”

“Unfortunately, I couldn’t use this opportunity to find Yun An’s revival location. The two ordinary totems know nothing about Yun An’s revival location.”

“This…” Shi Yu was slightly stunned.” Then, are we just going to wait? ”

President Lin said, “Next, Dong Huang will gradually mobilize the members of Bureau 11 to investigate this ruins mystic realm. However, this matter isn’t urgent. You and Lu Qingyi will still prioritize the World Tournament first. This is more important. This place has already been locked onto by Dong Huang’s forbidden weapons. They can’t cause any waves. After the World Tournament ends, if there’s still no progress, you might need to come here and investigate together.”

“After all, you’re also one of the best archeologists in Bureau 11, and you have a huge relationship with the Yun family.”

Shi Yu had a headache. He thought that Dong Huang could directly capture Yun An alive. Why was it stuck at cracking the ruins mystic realm again? It wanted him to take action…

Damn, Shi Yu suddenly recalled the battle between Demon God Eleven and the mysterious dark-element totem that the owl had predicted…

Why did it feel that it was developing more and more in this direction…

No, no, no. He had already decided to let Eleven evolve. It definitely wouldn’t happen. Nothing would happen.

“I understand,” Shi Yu replied to President Lin.

“Yes,” President Lin said. “There are two more things…”

President Lin chuckled. “There’s also good news. Although there are no legendary resources in the nest of the two totems of the Fallen Race, there are a lot of other resources. Apart from that, the Seven Islands have also paid a certain amount of resources to Dragon Palace City and Dong Huang.”

“It’s all thanks to the information you provided. Do you still lack any resources?”

Shi Yu’s eyes lit up. “Is there any more Aurora Magnetic Gold? Another piece.”

Eleven had evolved, and eleven meteorite fragments were prepared. They were all level-eight resources of legendary quality. As for the corresponding resource, Aurora Magnetic Gold, although it was a legendary level-nine resource, there was only one. Moreover, it had used most of its strength. Shi Yu felt that it was more balanced with another Yin Yang.

This way, the proficiency requirement for the White Thunder skill might be lower. He didn’t have to spend much effort to increase it.

President Lin nodded and said, “Sure.”

Shi Yu said, “Then President Lin, can I enter the Intelligence Bureau?”

President Lin: “?”

“Didn’t you say… that the information provided this time is quite important?” Shi Yu coughed dryly.

President Lin fell into deep thought. If he remembered correctly, Shi Yu had already joined four bureaus.