Chapter 729 - Buggy Vs The Void Mantis (3)

Chapter 729: Buggy vs the Void Mantis (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

As he was an acquaintance and the impact of becoming a hybrid was huge, Shi Yu was not in a hurry to let the other party decide. It was better to follow her own wishes. After all, he didn’t want to become a hybrid himself, and others might not necessarily be willing.

“I… Then I’ll consider it,” Zhang Qianyi said.

After being stunned, she quickly reacted.

Firstly, there was no need for Shi Yu to lie to her.

Moreover, Lu Qingyi was still beside him.

If what Shi Yu said was true, she was actually willing. After all, be it Mu Huiyin or the empress, they were both female Beast Tamers of Dong Huang and figures worshiped by female Beast Tamers of Ancient Capital University. Most importantly, this was the Phoenix race, a race with rich myths and legends. It was much more attractive to women than mixed bloods of other races.

If Shi Yu said that there was a way to awaken into a “human pig” hybrid, probably not many people, male or female, would be willing… However, mythical creatures like dragons and phoenixes were different.

Apart from that, Shi Yu had just said that he had the intention to rebuild the Phoenix Army, and the Phoenix Army was the number one army during the era of the empress dynasty. Zhang Qianyi understood her talent. It was very difficult to become a legend, but if she could join such an army, the chances would definitely be much higher.

However… She looked at Shi Yu. Shi Yu was only in his second year. Did he already have the ability to decide to establish such a Beast Tamer army? Her heart was in conflict. She kept feeling that the difference between everyone was increasing.

Although that was the case, she still had to seek her teacher’s suggestion. After all, it was all thanks to her teacher’s digging that she could have her current achievements. Zhang Qianyi more or less had to take her suggestion as a reference.

“Alright, when you’ve decided, just contact me directly after thinking it through,” Shi Yu said.

“Yes, thank you,” Zhang Qianyi said.

The whole time, Lu Qingyi watched silently at the side. Everyone chatted for a while more. After Zhang Qianyi left, Lu Qingyi said, “You just said that you want to establish the Phoenix Army?”

Shi Yu looked at her and smiled. “How is it? Not a bad idea, right?”

“In fact, I still want to gather the six major armies in history.”

The strongest armies in each era. Wu Dynasty’s Iron-eating Beast Army, Empress Dynasty’s Phoenix Army, Dragon Emperor Dynasty’s Dragon Army, and the current strongest army, the Mechanical Army.

Apart from that, the Space Emperor’s spatial army could instantly let an army descend into the enemy’s core with the spatial teleportation array. They could also rely on the spatial array to kill and seal powerful enemies above their level.

As for Emperor Shi’s army, they all had military advisors who were proficient in the power of prophecy. They were known to be unpredictable. In addition to a series of time-element resources similar to the Time Fruit, their equipment was also very powerful.

At the moment, it seemed like it could be done?

“Forget it.” Lu Qingyi saw through it at a glance and sighed. “Are you sure it wouldn’t end up with you throwing it to others to carry it out after you came up with the ideas?? The Iron-eating Beast Army, the mechanical phantom beast army, and the Green Silkworm cocoon army in the ruins of Wu Ling City seem to be like this. White Brook told me everything.”

“Are you sure you won’t throw this Phoenix Army to others…”

Shi Yu came to a realization. So that was an option too. He said, “By the way, Senior, are you very familiar with the Phoenix Nest? I remember that your Green Spirit Wind Bird was contracted there, right? Why don’t you be in charge of this Phoenix Army?”

“I’ll give the technology and the resources, and you can give yourself to the cause.”

“Ah, right, isn’t Auntie working over there?”

Phoenix Nest, a ruins mystic realm where bird creatures lived. Some bird creatures inside had some phoenix bloodlines. Principal Feng successfully explored and cracked it when he was young. Then, Principal Feng left it to his daughter, Lu Qingyi’s mother. She was the current in-charge of this mystic realm. Because of this relationship, Lu Qingyi had also explored it many times over there.

Lu Qingyi: “?”

Upon hearing that Shi Yu had his eyes on her mother, Lu Qingyi immediately had a question mark on her face.

She patted her forehead.

Damn it, she clearly wanted to use Shi Yu as a tool in the beginning, so why was her family becoming his tool now?

She had a premonition that if Shi Yu looked for her mother, she definitely wouldn’t refuse…

“Okay, slow down there…”

….

Soon.

After the Void Mantis finished eating, it shouted and asked them when the battle would begin. In the ruins space, the various supplements provided to Buggy through the ginseng baby had almost helped finish its recovery.

Lu Qingyi was tired and brought these two guys to her legendary ruins.

In the ruins, the Void Mantis stretched its body with the question of why Shi Yu was so suicidal.

When it was at the monarch level, it could already defeat Shi Yu’s pet. Now that it had broken through, it felt that it could instantly kill Shi Yu!

“Why don’t all of you attack together?” The Void Mantis sighed.

It would be more fair. Wasn’t Shi Yu a top-notch master?

Wasn’t the standard of a top-notch master someone who could fight an overlord with all their members?

It was an overlord. Such rules were more reasonable!

Shi Yu was stunned. “There’s no need for that, but if Senior Mantis is free, you can take turns fighting them…”

The Void Mantis was undoubtedly a good sparring partner! A top-notch spatial overlord sparring partner was not that easy to find.

Of course, it would be better if the gem cat was willing to be a sparring partner. Unfortunately, this guy was even lazier than Shi Yu.

“Ah, I’m not late, right?” Speaking of the cat, the cat arrived. Just as Shi Yu and the Void Mantis were about to fulfill the agreement and fight, the guardian gem cat of Ancient Capital University knocked on the door and ran in to watch the commotion.