Chapter 720 - Creating A Super Sect (3)

Chapter 720: Creating a Super Sect (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

But even so, Shi Yu felt that he had unintentionally created an epoch-making invention.

It was better than nothing. Even if it was a legendary Beast Tamer, they probably wouldn’t refuse the opportunity to obtain superpowers.

If he established a sect, he would probably be able to crush Brother Zheng Hai’s Binhai Training Hall in minutes and become the most popular Beast Taming Sect in Dong Huang.

After all, there were still a bunch of Beast Tamers with non-combat talent in the country. There were especially many of these people in Bureau 13 of Dong Huang.

For example, all the members of the Feeding Bureau, all the members of the archeological Bureau, Gao Xuan of the Mechanical Bureau, and even Legend Yin and his son in the ancient capital… None of them had battle-type talent.

They were already talented. If they had the chance to obtain a mental strengthening talent, even if it was a low-level version, who wouldn’t want it??

Their battle power would undoubtedly increase greatly!

Even Beast Tamers with battle talent would probably be very curious about superpowers. After all, they didn’t have to strengthen their pets. They could use them for fun.

“Susu, eternal god!! Skill memory water drop, eternal god!”

This discovery made Shi Yu’s disappointment that he had not successfully developed the telepathy talent disappear. He had a stronger motivation to continue developing the telepathy talent.

However, he felt that he had to change his train of thought.

His telepathy mutation was caused by the Undying Fruit and by his soul power.

But clearly, his use of soul power was inferior to mental power.

As for the control skill of the soul, Bai Chuan didn’t successfully develop it either. He only developed mental strength, mental power, various life-nourishing skills, and physical strength skills. From this, one could tell the specialness of soul power.

Therefore, Shi Yu was thinking that since Bai Chuan had no experience in developing soul power, could he reference the experience of others?

For example, he could directly use Chi Tong’s “Possession” and other soul skill memory water droplets to cultivate with the “Talent Bead” to increase his understanding of soul power.

For example, he could go to the mixed-blood bureau and get a set of soul cultivation manuals… Then, he would think of a way to increase the proficiency of this skill!

The previous failures all stemmed from insufficient proficiency!

With enough proficiency, he didn’t even want to develop the mental strengthening talent. The talent would have already come out on its own.

Memory water drop… was undoubtedly a good thing!!!

It looked like he had successfully found a way to exploit the system.

Using the memory water drop, he felt that he was one step closer to developing the strongest Psychic talent that combined mental, soul, and physical strength.

….

Handsome people were pretty lucky. In most cases, they were happy.

After Shi Yu successfully developed the superpower school and had a clearer development path, not long after, good news came from Baby Ginseng.

At this moment, it was shaking its leaves proudly. It didn’t waste much energy at all before successfully researching the cultivation method of the Phoenix Fruit.

Shi Yu looked at the fiery red Phoenix Tree and the two fresh Phoenix Fruits on it with a happy expression.

“Yi.” In the words of Baby Ginseng, the Phoenix Fruit that contained the characteristics of phoenixes, flames, and plants that could modify the bloodline of the human body was indeed very difficult to nurture, but this time, they encountered this talented research ginseng.

Baby Ginseng just had Chi Tong use its full-level possession to possess it. Through the mutation, it personally comprehended the power of the Phoenix and directly used its flames and plant characteristics to find a large number of ways to nurture the Phoenix Fruit.

Moreover, it created two Phoenix Fruits to prove its success. As for the first one, it had been dissected already.

“As expected of you guys.”

“Mi!” “Yi!” Chi Tong and Baby Ginseng expressed that there was no need to celebrate. This was all basic.

Go, use the Phoenix Fruit to show off!

Shi Yu was very grateful to Chi Tong and Baby Ginseng for helping him join another bureau.

After mastering the planting method of the Phoenix Fruit, it meant that Shi Yu could also establish a “Phoenix God Shrine” in the country and create a “Phoenix Family”. With this condition, it was easy to join the mixed-blood bureau.

Shi Yu was actually quite curious about the benefits of the mixed-blood bureau…

“I understand.” Shi Yu smiled readily. In the next moment, his expression changed again.

Three blessings all at once!

He quickly came to Ling’s side.

On Ling’s side, the tenth inscription was finally successfully developed.

In the Mechanical Research Institute, Shi Yu personally watched Eleven eat the “superalloy” created by Ling. Then, he hardened his body and carved a new inscription that was different from the previous nine inscriptions, completing the evolution again.

However, what made Shi Yu’s balls hurt was why this new inscription looked so much like the Chinese word “void”?

The evolution this time was very small. Eleven’s entire body was filled with the light of evolution for a moment before it ended. Eleven didn’t awaken any new skills because of this, but its energy level increased to more than ten million.

However, this didn’t affect anything. Through the skill index, Shi Yu could clearly confirm that the current Eleven could already learn superalloy through the skill index!

“Wuu!!” Eleven looked at Shi Yu nervously and excitedly.

As for Ling, it had an affirmative expression.

“It can be taught.” Shi Yu nodded.

“Wuuu!!!”

Eleven cheered excitedly.

Evolution! Evolution! Return to first place! Return to first place!

“This is already the limit. The difference between the Iron-eating Beast Race and the Alloy Monster Race is still too big. It can only cooperate with a small evolution to increase the skill compatibility and use your talent to learn superalloy.” Ling sighed.