Chapter 728 - Buggy Vs The Void Mantis (2)

Chapter 728: Buggy vs the Void Mantis (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

He was extremely confused by the sudden descent of these two super geniuses who should be chatting and laughing with the legends.

Moreover, why was he looking for Zhang Qianyi?

At this moment, the batch of second-year Beast Tamers training here also looked at the two people who appeared on the second floor. They were first stunned, and then their expressions immediately became very exaggerated.

“Damn, that… is that Shi Yu…” The Gu Master Miao Dongdong had pretty good eyesight.

“There’s no need to doubt it, that’s him!” Dragon King Yu Shu said.

” Beside him… Isn’t that Senior Lu, who has already graduated?” Someone also recognized Lu Qingyi.

As the only two super geniuses who entered the top ten of the Sequence, Shi Yu and Lu Qingyi were naturally known to everyone in Ancient Capital University.

“Why are they here?”

The crowd discussed, their eyes filled with light.

“Zhang Qianyi.” Dean He listened to the discussion and was stunned for a moment. Then, he quickly said, “Shi Yu is looking for you. Go over and see what’s going on.”

“Looking for me?” In the crowd, Zhang Qianyi revealed a confused expression.

Although she was in the same batch as Shi Yu, Shi Yu didn’t have much interaction with her. No, it could be said that Shi Yu didn’t have much interaction with any student of the same batch. According to rumors, this guy didn’t attend many classes seriously. He was very hard to get a hold of.

In fact, ignoring his student activity, there were rumors that no one had ever seen Shi Yu even in the archeology Department’s final exam.

“Yes.” Dean He nodded. He didn’t know why…

Upon hearing that, Zhang Qianyi looked over and saw Shi Yu smiling at her.

Seeing this, the other battle club students immediately panicked. Damn, what was going on?

“When did they hook up?” Yu Shu was shocked.

He didn’t remember any connection between Shi Yu and Zhang Qianyi.

Miao Dongdong: “Well… I have an ominous feeling.”

He looked at the mechanical radar.

“What?”

“I feel… I feel that once Zhang Qian returns, her strength can defeat us. I’m afraid that any resources Shi Yu leaks now are enough for Master level people to fight over for crazily…”

Yu Shu: “What strange intuition is this?!”

Miao Dongdong was silent. He had heard through certain channels that the monster in his first year, An Chang, was Shi Yu’s underling…

….

On the second floor, after Zhang Qian came over, she was a little nervous. It was alright when facing Shi Yu. Although Shi Yu was now the number one person below the legends of Dong Huang and had created so many miracles, when she recalled that Shi Yu rode an Iron-eating Beast and slashed around during the vocation assessment and even fought with her, she suddenly didn’t feel that much of a distance.

On the other hand, Lu Qingyi beside her made her a little nervous. She looked at this goddess-like school legend and admired her very much.

“Senior Lu… Shi Yu?”

“Are you looking for me?”

“Little Zhang, long time no see,” Shi Yu said with a smile.

Zhang Qianyi: “?”

Zhang Qian suspected that she had forgotten something. Was she… that familiar with Shi Yu?

“Hello, Junior.” Lu Qingyi also smiled.

At this moment, Shi Yu said, “Come, come, sit down and talk.”

“Yes.” Zhang Qianyi nodded.

Shi Yu said, “I’ll get straight to the point.”

At this moment, the mechanical radar had also returned. Shi Yu held it and said, “You were also present when I contracted General Mu Huiyin’s heroic spirit in the heroic spirit ruins, right?”

Zhang Qianyi nodded. That was the military training of the new students, so she was naturally there.

“Then you should know that General Mu Huiyin is a hybrid of a human and a Phoenix, right?”

Zhang Qianyi nodded again. It was all revealed in the preview of Shi Yu’s “Mu Huiyin Legend”.

There shouldn’t be anyone from Ancient Capital University who hadn’t seen this video.

Shi Yu smiled and said, “That’s good then. Do you want to become a hybrid Beast Tamer of the human and phoenix races like General Mu Huiyin and even the empress in history?”

“Huh? Wait…” Zhang Qianyi opened her mouth slightly and was suddenly stunned. This change made her unable to react for a moment.

Shi Yu said, “There have been mixed-blood Beast Tamers since ancient times. After the empress dynasty, they completely integrated into Dong Huang. However, after so long of development, the other mixed-blood families have been passed down, but for some historical reasons, the Phoenix Race’s mixed-blood has already been severed in Dong Huang.”

“Not long ago, I found a way to help human Beast Tamers awaken the Phoenix bloodline, but there are some requirements for the Beast Tamer’s talent. Did you see that radar just now? It found you, which means that you’re that one in a million human with the Phoenix bloodline aptitude. Of course, it’s also possible that your ancestor is a hybrid of the Phoenix Race, but the bloodline in your generation has thinned.”

“At the moment, I want to establish a Beast Tamer Corps mainly made up of mixed-blood Beast Tamers of the Phoenix Race. If you’re interested, I can help you become a mixed-blood of the Phoenix Race. After you graduate, you can come to the Phoenix Army to work. Of course, there are definitely benefits. After becoming a mixed-blood of the Phoenix Race, your meditation cultivation speed will be much faster. Apart from that, your physique will also exceed that of ordinary people, comparable to a real transcendent life form. Your lifespan will also increase greatly. The disadvantage is the same disadvantage that all mixed-blood Beast Tamers have…”

If it was easy to be countered by high-level creatures of the same race, or there might be difficulties getting pregnant. It was all the drawbacks of mixed-blood Beast Tamers.

After Shi Yu finished speaking, Zhang Qianyi was even more confused. Her mind was a little confused.

Slow down.

Shi Yu smiled and said, “Of course, you don’t have to make a decision in a hurry. Although the chances of becoming a legendary Beast Tamer after becoming a hybrid will become very high, your Beast Taming Talent is already very powerful. Even if you don’t become a hybrid, there’s a high chance of you becoming a powerful Beast Tamer in the future. Therefore, why don’t you go back and discuss with your teacher first? After careful consideration, you can make a decision?”