Chapter 735 - 735 Shi Yu'S Superpower Form (4)

735 Shi Yu’s Superpower Form (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

She didn’t expect that as a senior, even the Void Mantis had also started to throw virtue out the window.

“Eh, I didn’t expect this move just now!!!” At this moment, the gem cat came to a realization and said, “As expected, the older the wiser. In a 1VS1 situation, we can just use Shi Yu’s safety to force Buggy out of the puppet.”

Lu Qingyi coughed and looked at the Void Mantis. She felt… felt that Senior Mantis’s mentality had indeed collapsed. Otherwise, there was no need to be so ruthless when facing two juniors.

“Wu… (For your own good, I advise you not to…)”

“For your own good, I advise you not to…”

However, in the face of the threat of the Void Mantis, Shi Yu and Buggy spoke in unison.

“If you don’t come out, I’m serious!” The Void Mantis ignored Buggy and Shi Yu. Seeing that Buggy still had no intention of coming out, it aimed its gaze at Shi Yu.

Although Shi Yu had the gift of telepathy and didn’t give Buggy any bonuses in battle, and it wasn’t appropriate to capture him, the Void Mantis didn’t want to lose.

It was true that it liked to fight, but like Eleven, it liked to fight the enemy’s main body. What the hell was this battle against a group of suicidal clones!!

Facing Shi Yu, a level-six Beast Tamer, the Void Mantis was much calmer.

Even if Shi Yu was at the Legend level, even if Shi Yu could use the ruins and have the spatial etherealization ability, it could actually instantly turn Shi Yu into a hostage. After all, it was a spatial overlord.

The Void Mantis chuckled and teleported towards Shi Yu!!! It planned to use a hostage and force Buggy!!

It wanted to let Shi Yu and Buggy realize that society was very sinister.

The Void Mantis planned to teach Shi Yu and Buggy a lesson.

In the next second, spatial ripples appeared in front of Shi Yu. Facing a top-notch assassin like the Void Mantis, Buggy indeed couldn’t react and protect Shi Yu immediately.

Controlling puppets and illusions was already its limit.

At this moment, Lu Qingyi’s expression was serious. The gem cat beside her also grinned, preparing to see Shi Yu suffer.

There weren’t many times that it could make Shi Yu suffer. The gem cat estimated that this would be a rare occasion.

Unless Shi Yu let other pets take action, Shi Yu was destined to become a hostage. However, letting other pets other than Buggy take action was against the rules of this duel.

At this moment, Shi Yu looked at the spatial ripple in front of him helplessly. A light appeared in his eyes. “I said it’s best not to do this… I don’t want to use this move…”

If it were two months ago, Shi Yu really had no choice when facing this battle strategy of the Void Mantis. Apart from letting other pets attack, he could only wait to be controlled.

With his monarch-level dragon physique, he couldn’t resist the attack of a spatial overlord at all.

However, the version had already changed. In two months, although Shi Yu had still not successfully developed the “Telepathy Talent” a second time and was stuck at the last step, his cultivation of spiritual power had already become more and more perfect.

At this moment, as spatial ripples flashed, the Void Mantis descended in front of Shi Yu. Its gaze was filled with ill intentions and it looked sinister. At this moment, something unexpected happened around Shi Yu. The air began to hum and vibrate, and almost corporeal spiritual power formed a blue outline around Shi Yu.

At the same time, the worm in the Black Meteorite Yak’s body in the distance seemed to have completed resonance with Shi Yu. The terrifying spiritual energy fluctuations on its body erupted, and a blue Psychic outline appeared on the huge Black Meteorite Yak.

One of the derived skills of Dao Proficiency Psychic, Spirit Strengthening.

Second skill of Dao Proficiency Psychic Derivation, Spiritual Link.

With the help of the spiritual connection of the contract, Shi Yu and Buggy strengthened their mental connection. A terrifying spiritual power wave bloomed from Shi Yu’s body, and Shi Yu’s pupils were instantly dyed in an extremely deep blue.

At this moment, the Void Mantis that had just descended was slightly stunned and had yet to react.

In the distance, the gem cat and Lu Qingyi were also stunned when they sensed the terrifying mental fluctuations close to the totem level that suddenly appeared on Shi Yu’s body.

At this moment, Shi Yu seemed to have turned into a spiritual-type human-type ferocious beast close to the totem level. His eyes were filled with infinitely deep mental strength. As the Void Mantis descended, Shi Yu raised his arm and aimed his palm at the Void Mantis.

When the Void Mantis was not very guarded against Shi Yu, a level-six Beast Tamer, its entire body was instantly wrapped in a powerful spiritual power. The strength of this spiritual power directly made the expression of the Void Mantis change, and its gaze was filled with disbelief.

Looking at Shi Yu, who looked like a top-notch overlord ferocious beast, for a moment, it didn’t know what had happened.

In the next moment, Shi Yu squeezed his palm and swung his arm. With a boom, the Void Mantis was directly thrown to the Black Meteorite Yak’s side like a blue meteor by Psychic power. During the process of being thrown away, the space around the Void Mantis trembled and the air wailed. It still had a stunned expression!!

“Moo!!!! (I’ve already advised you not to!!)”

Seeing that Senior Void Mantis didn’t listen to his advice and ran to attack the Beast Tamer, Buggy was also helpless. If it were a few months ago, it wouldn’t have been a problem. However, the problem was that after Shi Yu also learned max-level Psychic power, its and Shi Yu’s mental strength could be connected and strengthened.