Chapter 736 - 736 Shi Yu'S Superpower Form (5)

736 Shi Yu’s Superpower Form (5)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

At this moment, Buggy’s already terrifying spiritual power had been strengthened by Shi Yu again. Its burden had also reached a certain upper limit. However, when it saw the mantis suddenly get sent flying over after constantly dodging the Black Yak, it immediately chuckled.

It knew that it was over.

Boom!!!

The huge black ox hoof stepped in the air. The Void Mantis opened its mouth wide, still unable to understand why Shi Yu’s telepathy talent had just displayed such power. A black shadow filled the air in front of it, and it was instantly suppressed with a boom!!

“Bastard…” In the vibration, the miserable cry of the Void Mantis came. It still didn’t understand at all.

At this moment, looking at Shi Yu, who was covered in spiritual power fluctuations like a top-notch overlord, Lu Qingyi and the gem cat had yet to recover. They gulped and looked at him with shocked expressions.

Lu Qingyi was extremely confused. Just now, Shi Yu used Psychic power??

No, apart from that, there was also mental strengthening!!

She could sense that Buggy’s mental fluctuations had suddenly increased by a lot as Shi Yu’s body changed. It was as if Shi Yu had used his mental strength to strengthen his Beast Taming Talent.

However, wasn’t Shi Yu’s telepathy talent? Wasn’t Shi Yu a human? How could a human use Psychic power?

Wait a minute, it was indeed possible for non-pure-blood mixed-blood Beast Tamers to use superpowers, but Shi Yu wasn’t a mixed-blood either.

Even the transcendent abilities of mixed-blood Beast Tamers were still weaker than pets. How could they be as strong as this?

The consecutive reversals made Lu Qingyi’s brain a little confused.

“Senior Ying…”

“F*ck.” The gem cat was also a little stunned and couldn’t react for a moment. This was because in the past two months, even when Shi Yu developed Psychic power, it wasn’t beside Shi Yu and had already returned to the Ancient Capital.

However, the gem cat indeed knew more than Lu Qingyi. It immediately thought of Shi Yu’s “body control” talent. The original owner of that talent, Legend Bai Chuan, also knew Psychic power!

However, although it was all psychic power, and Bai Chuan having psychic power was understandable, what was going on with Shi Yu?!

Why was his Psychic power stronger than the original owner’s talent?!!!

….

The battle undoubtedly ended in the defeat of the Void Mantis.

If it fought Buggy normally, it would be just as the gem cat said. It was still uncertain who would win. As long as it kept attacking, hitting vital points, cracking the puppet that was always repaired with illusions… If it succeeded in pulling out Buggy, the victory would most likely be its.

However, no one expected the Void Mantis to choose the smarty pants method and run to control Shi Yu to force Buggy out. It was forced to turn the “real 1VS1” into “fake 1VS1”.

After the battle ended, Shi Yu looked at the shocked expressions of the gem cat, Senior Lu, and the others. He looked at the arm of the Void Mantis that was swaying and trying to rise on the battlefield and fell silent.

Ah…

His head hurt.

Shi Yu covered his head. During this period of time, he had experienced the pain of a Beast Tamer with a strengthening talent a lot. Strengthening with the derived skill of Psychic power consumed much more energy than strengthening with the Beast Taming Talent. Even for Buggy, who had become stronger after strengthening, it could only last for a while.

The intense headache after using it was also why Shi Yu didn’t want to use it at the start.

But what could they do? The Void Mantis charged at him…

The gem cat and Lu Qingyi quickly came over. They looked at the messy battlefield and Shi Yu, who was knocking his head, and were speechless.

“Cough, looks like I won. Baby Ginseng, treat Senior Mantis first…” Under his headache, Shi Yu still shouted for Baby Ginseng.

After Baby Ginseng came out, it looked at the situation on the battlefield and shook its head repeatedly.

It was unknown if Senior Mantis was lucky or unlucky to have drawn Buggy.

At the moment, although Buggy might not be the strongest in a one-on-one battle in the team, with Shi Yu’s mental strengthening, Buggy’s strength was still very fierce without the strengthening of other pets.

“I… I want an explanation…” At this moment, the Void Mantis looked up at the sky weakly. It stretched out its arm and shouted under Baby Ginseng’s rapid treatment.

This was unscientific!

“Cough, I’ll explain it to you, I’ll explain it to you.” Shi Yu scratched his cheek and looked at the gem cat, the Void Mantis, and Senior Lu. “But Senior Mantis, I won this battle, right?”

The Void Mantis: “Ah… I… This is bullsh*t…”

It was extremely unconvinced to be defeated by a monarch-level butterfly. It felt that… It was too ashamed to face the Space Emperor.

At the side, Lu Qingyi couldn’t bear to look at the miserable Void Mantis. She never expected this outcome. She felt that she was still sixth in the Sequence…

She decided to forget about the Sequence ranking and pass the legend assessment first.

She had already contacted the association to take the assessment. It was said that the headquarters would send a local acquaintance from the Ancient Capital to take the assessment for her…

….

In a big villa in the Ancient Capital, Master Qu Jie, who had already been promoted to the headquarters of the Imperial Capital’s Beast Taming Association to be in charge of the legend assessment, returned home excitedly.

After his position was promoted, he was assigned an overlord-level senior as a partner and became one of the legend examiners. However, there were pitifully few legend assessments in the country. Most of the time, he was very free.

Therefore, two months ago, he and some other colleagues were sent by the association to bring a group of young Beast Tamers to the Ancient Kingdom of Ming Hua to exchange activities. They had just returned to the country nearly two days ago.

As soon as he returned to the country, Master Qu Jie received good news one after another. His daughter, Qu Ling, had returned from a mission and was waiting for him in the Ancient Capital!!

It was also because of this that the headquarters directly gave Master Qu Jie two months off. However, although there were many holidays, they had to carry out another mission, which was to give Lu Qingyi, who had just broken through in the Ancient Capital, a legendary assessment.

Master Qu Jie could be said to be extremely emotional. Lu Qingyi, the proud daughter of heaven in the Ancient Capital. He didn’t expect that she had also broken through to the Legend level now. Letting him, a new examiner, be in charge of the assessment was probably because of the fact that they were from the same hometown.

At the thought of his daughter’s return and the new legend genius in the Ancient Capital, Master Qu Jie felt double joy.

“Dad!!” Just as he arrived home, Master Qu Jie saw his daughter, Qu Ling, running out to welcome him. Seeing that her daughter was still so beautiful, Master Qu Jie cried.

“Old pal, look who’s back.” After seeing his daughter, Master Qu Jie immediately summoned his initial pet, the Ox-Headed Beast King. Although the Ox-Headed Beast King was now the weakest pet in his team, it was the closest pet to Master Qu Jie’s family.

When Qu Ling was young, the Ox-Headed Beast King often accompanied her to play. In addition, the Ox-Headed Beast King was not young anymore, and Qu Ling even called it “Grandpa Ox” warmly.

“Roar!!” After the Ox-Headed Beast King came out, it also looked at the grown-up little girl happily.

At this moment, Qu Ling ran to her father and the Ox-Headed Beast King and said, “Dad, Grandpa Bull, I missed you guys so much. I thought I could see you when I returned, but I didn’t expect to wait so long.”

“Sorry, sorry.” Master Qu Jie smiled bitterly. If he knew that his daughter was coming back soon, he wouldn’t have gone abroad to learn and communicate no matter what.

Qu Ling smiled indifferently and said, “Dong Huang has changed so much now…”

“Yes, yes.” Qu Jie and the Ox-Headed Beast King looked very happy no matter what Qu Ling said. They felt that there were countless things to talk about later.

But in the next second, Qu Ling said, “By the way, Father, Grandpa Bull, you know Shi Yu, right? I heard that you were the ones who presided over his few assessments? Impressive!”

After returning to the country, she further understood Shi Yu’s power. Her father had actually witnessed the growth of such a super genius…

However, what she didn’t understand was why the smiles of her father and the Ox-Headed Beast King in front of her suddenly… stopped?