Chapter 733 - 733 Shi Yu'S Superpower Form (2)

733 Shi Yu’s Superpower Form (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!!!

The Void Mantis floated far away from the Black Meteorite Yak and kept using the spatial blade to consume energy.

“They’re fighting again…” Seeing this, Lu Qingyi, who was watching the battle, was slightly stunned.

The gem cat chuckled and said, “Guess who will lose.”

Lu Qingyi was silent. It was completely hard to say. In the beginning, she felt that the Void Mantis had a 100% chance of winning, but now, as Shi Yu took out the totem puppet, she directly lost her judgment of the situation.

Fortunately, she didn’t listen to the Void Mantis’s instigation to challenge Shi Yu to increase his Sequence ranking…

Although she had used the legendary resources distributed by Ancient Capital University to strengthen the Courtyard Sprite to the overlord level, Lu Qingyi felt that it was very difficult for her and the sprite to be Buggy’s match now.

This was very ridiculous. Why was the increase in strength of Shi Yu’s team’s pets even greater than her breakthrough?

“Senior Ying, what do you think?”

The gem cat said, “Well, if the Void Mantis can’t crack the puppet, Shi Yu will win. If it can crack the puppet, it will win.”

“In a battle of attrition, the Void Mantis might not necessarily be comparable to Shi Yu and Buggy.”

Lu Qingyi: “Huh??”

She quickly looked at the battlefield. What did it mean? Could a worm that relied on equipment and totem puppets to increase its strength last longer than a real overlord?

The defense power brought by the Black Meteorite Yak Puppet indeed made Buggy extremely at ease.

At this moment, the Void Mantis didn’t notice at all that the attrition strategy it chose was exactly what Buggy wanted!

After entering the Black Meteorite Yak’s body, without the worry of being insta-killed, Buggy immediately began to use its strongest strategy!!

Worm Command+Ultimate Absorption+Imagination Phantom combination skill!!!

[Swarm Command]: A high-level bug-type skill of the bug-type and spiritual-type. It can use its mind to control the larva puppet to complete various commands in its place. After the larva dies, it will return to the main body in the form of a special bug-type signal, increasing the main body’s attributes in all aspects.

[Ultimate Absorption]: A bug-type super skill. It can absorb the enemy’s life force and energy value by attacking the enemy to recover its injuries and physical fitness.

Under normal circumstances, Buggy would use “concealment” to dodge and use this combination skill in an alternate space. However, the problem was that the spatial attainments of the Void Mantis were too strong, and Buggy couldn’t dodge in a spatial situation.

The appearance of the Black Meteorite Yak Puppet solved this problem. It could completely let Buggy have no worries and control the Phantom Puppet to fight the enemy. Then, with the help of the Phantom Puppet’s death in battle, it could constantly strengthen itself and recover its physical fitness. It would fight a battle of attrition!

Using this strategy consumed much less energy than controlling the totem puppet to fight.

“Roar!!!!!”

At this moment, the surrounding environment of the yak seemed to have become a huge valley under the modification of the power of imagination. Between the mountain walls, hundreds of Dragon God statues of different forms were carved!

Among them, there was a sea dragon, wind dragon, thunder dragon, and serpent dragon. Each individual form was unique, emitting an incomparable dragon might.

“Roar!!!”

At this moment, in the Imagination Domain, every Dragon God Statue was lifelike and filled with deterrence, as if it had come alive.

On their bodies, illusions slowly appeared, gradually forming the bodies of divine dragons that flew into the sky. For a moment, the dragons in the sky danced around in extreme shock.

At that moment, they were the “swarm” controlled by Buggy!!

Divine dragons were born one after another. Seeing this scene, the Void Mantis revealed a disdainful expression. They were just a group of illusions.

They looked strong, but it could kill one with one slash!

Wasn’t this a waste of strength?

Buggy definitely couldn’t last long!

“Roar!!!”

A sea dragon was the first to fly over. Its entire body was filled with water, and it waved its claws. But in an instant, the Void Mantis dodged its water dragon claws. With a flash of light, the Void Mantis that appeared above the Sea Dragon God again cut the Dragon God in half!

The illusion disappeared!

“That’s all.”

The Void Mantis spoke, but as soon as it finished speaking, it was stunned. It saw that the power fluctuations of the shattered Sea Dragon Phantom actually didn’t disappear. Instead, it transmitted to the Black Meteorite Yak’s body in a strange signal pattern.

At the same time, the strength of the Butterfly of Imagination’s spiritual wave instantly increased by another level, reducing the burden of controlling the legendary Dragon Ball.

“What the hell!!” Seeing this, the Void Mantis was stunned.

In the next moment.

“Roar!!!” Another lightning dragon flashed with lightning and collided. The Void Mantis could only kill the enemy, but with this kill, the dead lightning dragon’s power once again increased the spiritual power of the worm in the Black Meteorite Yak’s body in the form of an insect-type signal!

The expression of the Void Mantis turned cold. In the next round, it tried to interfere with the spatial magnetic field and establish a barrier to block the signal from being transmitted back. Only then did it stop Buggy from being strengthened continuously!

However, the Void Mantis quickly realized that doing this consumed a lot of energy. Its expression couldn’t help but darken.

This wasn’t a meaningless waste of strength!

After these illusions died, they could still return to strengthen their main bodies. So disgusting!!

And if it wanted to stop it, it could only consume more energy!

Because this wasn’t a spatial skill, it couldn’t be broken through with pure skill. It could only rely on brute force.

No, it had to quickly crack the puppet and catch that worm!!

“The power of illusions can be used like this??”

Lu Qingyi, who was watching the battle, quickly discovered the characteristics of the illusions created by Buggy and couldn’t help but be shocked.

After being killed, it could still return to the main body to strengthen its main body. This was too torturous for the opponent.