Chapter 739 - 739 Fusion Of The Kirin Fossil (3)

739 Fusion of the Kirin Fossil (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

There were still another 12 hours where it got beaten up.

Until they broke through to commander rank, Little Ji and Duckie couldn’t defeat the transcendent-level Green Silkworm Phantom.

In the end, these two guys almost couldn’t suppress their growth levels anymore. In the end, they relied on the level advantage after breaking through to charge over.

Along the way, it relied on the level advantage to defeat the transcendent-level Buggy, Eleven, Chi Tong, Susu, and Baby Ginseng.

Although they had defeated it, the journey was not easy either. It was shocked when it fought the transcendent challenge.

But at the moment, they were all stuck at the sixth level.

Facing the commander rank Green Silkworm cocoon phantom… a new round of reincarnation began.

“Up to you.” Ling turned around. Forget it, as long as Shi Yu was happy.

Shi Yu smiled. He didn’t treat the mechanical Tyrant Dragon as an outsider now. In addition, this guy’s talent was really good. It didn’t go through any additional points at all. In less than a month, it had raised the deterrence skill level from the initial awakening stage to perfect proficiency.

Although Eleven occasionally gave him some pointers, maybe it was because of the second fossil that was wrapped in deterrence waves that made it undeniable that the current Little Ji’s talent was ridiculously good.

It really had the aptitude of a king!

Well, in Shi Yu’s plan, Little Ji had to at least be cultivated to the totem level in the end. It couldn’t be inferior to the second team pets of the Space Emperor, Lin Feng, and the others!

“Alright, hurry up and fuse.”

Shi Yu urged Ling and said, “What’s the success rate?”

“Estimated success rate… 100%,” Ling said.

“You’re the most reassuring,” Shi Yu praised.

He didn’t add points to Divine Net in vain (Expert+11).

Top-notch intelligence was still strong.

“If we really succeed, won’t our progress be faster than the fourth bureau?”

Shi Yu pondered for a moment. In the fourth bureau, there was also research of a low-level Mythical fossil. The fossil race was unknown, and both parties were researching it at the same time.

Before the fourth bureau succeeded, Ling made progress first. Interesting.

Although the current top-notch intelligence of Ling might already be higher than Legend Ah Shuang’s Black Wing Demon God, there was a mechanical life form with perfect top-notch intelligence in the fourth bureau.

They would definitely participate in the research of the mechanical phantom beast. Even when such a big boss participated, they weren’t as fast as Ling, who was called by Shi Yu to study superalloy and radar from time to time. This was simply… As expected of him! He was good at nurturing!

“That’s because there’s the support of Buggy and Baby Ginseng.” Ling could tell what Shi Yu was thinking at a glance.

In terms of mechanical phantom beasts, Buggy’s max-level dream stealing and imagination power along with Baby Ginseng’s time life and death power couldn’t be lacking.

“Huh?”

“Of course, Master has the greatest contribution.”

“You’re right.” Shi Yu smiled. He was looking forward to the scene after adding Ling’s top-notch intelligence to transcendent.

At the moment, according to what Shi Yu knew, no mechanical life form had trained top-notch intelligence skills to perfection.

Even the mechanical legends of Shen Feng and Dong Huang were the same.

Although their totem mechanical pets had other types of mechanical skills that had reached transcendent, such as super forbidden self-destruction and super forbidden missiles, their super intelligence stopped at perfect proficiency.

Dong Huang’s mechanical legendary, Shen Yuan, even said that if a mechanical life form could have top-notch intelligence and increase its skill level to above transcendent, it would lead a new chapter in the Mechanic class.

How could Shi Yu not look forward to this…

Under Shi Yu’s urging, Ling quickly called Buggy and Baby Ginseng over, planning to start evolution!

When Shi Yu saw this critical moment, he also called Eleven, Chi Tong, Susu, and Duckie over to witness it together.

“Wu ~” Buggy was excited after winning a battle.

It had defeated the legendary Space Emperor’s pet!!

Shi Yu, the eternal god!

“Roar…” Little Ji saw Buggy and was a little traumatized.

After being tortured by Buggy’s illusions all day, it was normal for it to be afraid when it saw the main body.

“Quack…” Apart from it, the Duckbill Beast that rushed over also had a wrinkled face.

It used to like worms the most…

It didn’t expect that karma would come. It had been tortured by the worm for almost half a year.

Eleven, Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong, and Susu also rushed over, especially Susu.

After all, Ling had said that it would participate in the team meeting after it completed its evolution.

Susu, who had been at the bottom continuously, couldn’t wait to pull Ling in to replace him.

Good sister!

“Then I’ll start?”

Seeing that everyone had arrived, the image of the cold white-haired girl on the cube-shaped screen became clearer and clearer, and her eyes were filled with light.

The cube kept splitting and transforming into a floating experimental table. It took out the Kirin Horn fossil from the mechanical space and placed it on the experimental table, calling Buggy and Shi Yu for help.

In the next moment, Buggy nodded. Shi Yu nodded. Buggy first used the legendary Dragon Ball to increase its power of imagination to a higher level. Then, Shi Yu and its mental strength were connected and strengthened each other!

The reason why Ling could achieve a breakthrough was also related to Buggy obtaining the legendary Dragon Ball, its skill proficiency increasing drastically, and Shi Yu also obtaining superpowers that could be connected to Buggy’s spirit.

This would make the replicated Wind Kirin Phantom even more perfect.

With a cry, Shi Yu and Buggy entered another world in the dark meditation state, the fossil dream world.

It was still a desolate world. The sky was covered in gray clouds, and the ground was covered in dry dust. It was a silent apocalypse scene.