Chapter 730 - Buggy Vs The Void Mantis (4)

Chapter 730: Buggy vs the Void Mantis (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Senior Ying.” In the ruins, Lu Qingyi immediately smiled when she saw the gem cat.

The Void Mantis also glanced at this totem.

“Senior Mantis, all the best. Be careful,” the gem cat encouraged. It was the gem cat who invited the Void Mantis for lunch today. As the host, it naturally had to greet the guests.

Although it was stronger than the Void Mantis, the gem cat still politely called the Void Mantis senior. After all, the other party was the secondary pet of the Space Emperor.

“All the best?” The Void Mantis was silent. What was there to cheer for in this battle without any suspense?

“Are you ready?” Lu Qingyi asked.

“It’s 1VS1, right?”

“Yes.” The Void Mantis and Shi Yu nodded.

At the same time, Shi Yu also summoned Buggy. Under the purple summoning array, the figure of the Imaginary Dream Butterfly appeared. Under the purple light, Buggy appeared in the sky with its huge body and looked at the Void Mantis.

“Wu…” The Void Mantis was stunned. It was this guy!

It looked at Shi Yu. Was it sure it wanted this kid to fight it?!!

No kidding?!

When Shi Yu was cultivating and working hard to break through to level six in the Space Emperor Ruins, all his pets had been sparring partners with the Void Mantis. Among them, Buggy was the one who was tortured the most by the Void Mantis.

The reason why Buggy could be very strong in the team was because of the speciality of the spatial element. However, when it encountered the Void Mantis with stronger spatial attainments, it felt like it was showing off in front of an expert. It was countered everywhere.

Therefore, the Void Mantis felt that this butterfly was the easiest to deal with in Shi Yu’s team. Its skills were like a child in front of it.

“Wu!!!” Buggy looked at the Void Mantis seriously, indicating that it was no longer the previous Buggy.

“What’s the difference…” The Void Mantis muttered.

Apart from the stronger energy fluctuations, it didn’t feel like there were any changes.

Although the energy fluctuations were stronger, it wasn’t too much more compared to before it broke through.

The Void Mantis shook its head and suddenly smiled. It looked at Shi Yu and spoke.

“Kid, do you want to bet?”

“What?” Shi Yu was stunned.

“If I win, let your ginseng baby prepare food for me for a month. How about that?”

It had been a long time since it had eaten a fruit made by a ginseng baby. It really missed it.

At first, it didn’t pay much attention to it and only treated it as a dessert after eating the power of the void, but after not eating for a few months, he really missed it.

Shi Yu was stunned. That wasn’t a big deal.

“Sure.”

“Then what if I win?”

Void Mantis: “?”

“You still want to win?”

The corners of Shi Yu’s mouth twitched. Didn’t this guy want to make a bet?

It still wanted to freeload?

“If I win, how about I get to come to the Space Emperor Ruins to cultivate anytime in the future?” Shi Yu asked.

“It’s best if I can bring others along…”

The Void Mantis had a look of disdain. This guy wanted to use its ruins again!

Forget it, forget it!

“Fine, let’s begin.”

In any case, it wouldn’t lose.

The Void Mantis shook its head and revealed a bloodthirsty smile. Its body directly disappeared!!

It felt that it wouldn’t take more than one move to deal with this guy!!!

One move was enough!

At this moment, as the Void Mantis disappeared, Buggy’s expression turned cold. It felt a huge threat appear in its mind. At that moment, it seemed to have predicted the future!!

“Wu!!! (Dragon Ball, Possession!!)”

Buggy shouted in its heart. The legendary Dragon Ball in the spatial pocket immediately fused with it because of the Dragon of Imagination skill. At this moment, with the power of the legendary Dragon Ball and the Dragon of Imagination skill (Expert+11) that was only a step away from perfect proficiency, Buggy instantly emitted a powerful dragon might, and its strength increased explosively!!

It arrived at the top overlord state when it fought the Green Scaled Dragon. At the same time, it used its Psychic power to wrap itself!!

Swoosh!

A light that seemed to have broken through the darkness swung over and directly cut Buggy. When its black saber wrapped around the super skill Space Slash and attacked the enemy with the power of space, the Void Mantis had already expected the outcome.

The Void Mantis had already held back in this slash. It only used its monarch-level strength. If it used its overlord-level strength, it would probably kill the butterfly in front of it.

Even with the power of the monarch level, coupled with the spatial power mobilized, the Void Mantis felt that it was enough to heavily injure the little butterfly in its impression! However, with that ginseng baby to save it, it wasn’t a big problem.

“Huh?”

However, as the black saber landed, the expression of the Void Mantis in the air changed. The Butterfly of Imagination in front of it flapped its dreamy blue butterfly wings, and the butterfly wings wrapped in Psychic power blocked its attack!!

The spiritual power and the spatial blade intertwined and instantly froze.

“This is…” The moment it approached Buggy, it instantly sensed the terrifying dragon energy that had increased by more than ten times!!

Dragons had mixed attributes, and common mixed attributes were wind, water, thunder, and fire. However, the dragon fluctuations on Buggy’s body were spiritual and spatial. It was the dragon attribute strengthened by the Green Sky Divine Dragon Ball.

“70 million!!!” At the side, Lu Qingyi also spoke in surprise. She realized the change in Buggy. In the next moment, Buggy’s wings exerted strength, and with a boom, a spatial storm condensed, directly sending the Void Mantis in front of her flying!!

Fwoom!!