Chapter 737 - 737 Fusion Of The Kirin Fossil (1)

737 Fusion of the Kirin Fossil (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

After Baby Ginseng healed the Void Mantis, the Void Mantis got up trembling.

At this moment, Buggy had already recovered to its original state. The puppet retracted its spatial pocket, and the illusion had already been retracted.

It looked at the Void Mantis with an innocent expression, while the Void Mantis looked at Shi Yu and Buggy indignantly.

It was unwilling to accept the fact that it had lost.

“What was that?” it asked coldly.

If it didn’t relax when it approached Shi Yu and instead had the mentality of facing an opponent of the same level, it definitely wouldn’t have been unable to react!

It had been so “considerate” of Shi Yu so much. Shi Yu, this junior, was simply too much. What… was that just now?

The Void Mantis felt that it shouldn’t be wrong. That was a spiritual power wave much stronger than Buggy’s spiritual energy!

However, how could this power appear on a Beast Tamer?

Wasn’t Shi Yu’s telepathy talent?

It felt that… it had been beaten for no reason!

“Psychic power.” At this moment, Baby Ginseng was sitting on Shi Yu’s shoulder. He chuckled and said, “No matter what, Senior, I won, right?”

“I…” The Void Mantis cursed in its heart.

It knew it was Psychic power, but how could a non-hybrid Beast Tamer with a telepathy talent know Psychic power!

“It was developed with special resources. I used special resources to learn Psychic power. Then, I used special resources to increase Psychic proficiency to a high level. That was a qualitative change in the connection and strengthening of Buggy and my spiritual energy just now.”

“Senior Mantis, you didn’t lose in vain.” The gem cat grinned at the side. “A legendary equipment, a top-notch totem puppet, and a Beast Tamer who’s not human beside them as support. It’s very normal to be defeated by someone above your level.”

The Void Mantis glared. This guy was horrible with words. It lost!

It was just that it wasn’t serious and underestimated the enemy. If it fought seriously, they would all die!

“Why don’t we have another match?” Shi Yu pondered for a moment and said.

Let Eleven and the Void Mantis try again. At the moment, Eleven, who had mastered the perfect Undying Golden Body, was very fierce.

“Another…” The Void Mantis was just about to say that they should have another match, but its heart suddenly sank.

He suddenly recalled that this worm’s strength was not very good a few months ago.

Shi Yu’s black and white bear was much stronger than it back then.

If the increase of Shi Yu’s other pets was also so terrifying, it would still be dangerous!

No, the increase was definitely very terrifying.

It suddenly recalled the totem puppet. At this moment, as Shi Yu revealed more and more things, it suddenly believed that Shi Yu had hunted it himself.

If Shi Yu could even defeat a totem, then why would it fight this guy a second time?!

“There’s no need for an additional round. Although I didn’t perform well because I underestimated the enemy, there’s no need to argue with you juniors.”

“Let’s consider it your win.” The Void Mantis gritted its teeth. Legendary-level equipment and totem puppets could help humans learn Psychic power? At least, it had to be a legendary spiritual-type resource.

It looked at Shi Yu, this super rich guy. How rich was this guy!

Even the Space Emperor’s sons didn’t get this much stuff!

It felt more and more that the heirs of the Space Emperor, including the descendants of the rich families of the Space Emperor Dynasty, were much inferior to this guy.

“Anything is fine.”

Shi Yu chuckled. In any case, as long as the mantis didn’t back out, the cultivation rights of the Space Emperor Ruins were open to him at any time.

Shi Yu looked at Lu Qingyi, thinking about when he could provide her with the opportunity to cultivate spiritual power. However, at this moment, in the ruins space, Ling suddenly contacted Shi Yu through telepathy!

[Master, there’s progress in the research. You can try to fuse with the Kirin fossil to evolve.]

As soon as Ling finished speaking, Shi Yu was immediately stunned. Creating a school of superpowers and teaching superpowers were thrown to the back of his mind!

Kirin, Kirin, his Kirin!!

He looked at Lu Qingyi and said, “Senior, I still have one set of resources left. Perhaps there’s a chance for you to learn Psychic power too, but it might take a while.”

“Huh???” Lu Qingyi was in disbelief. “I can do it too?”

She had also seen Shi Yu’s performance just now. She also had a spiritual pet, the Imperial Concubine Flower. If she could learn a spiritual power skill of this level, it would undoubtedly increase everyone’s strength greatly.

Compared to battle-type Beast Tamers, a Beast Tamer with a telepathy talent was lacking in strengthening abilities. This was too important.

“Sure,” Shi Yu confirmed.

Upon hearing that, Lu Qingyi’s eyes turned watery. She was overjoyed. “Really? Then I won’t hold back.”

This kind of thing… couldn’t be rejected.

After thinking about it, Lu Qingyi said, “I’ll help you take good care of the Phoenix Army. Tell me if you need anything.”

Shi Yu: “?”

Wasn’t this girl very resistant previously?!

This change was too fast.

“Can’t you guys just be Beast Tamers with a normal telepathy talent?” At this moment, as it listened to Shi Yu and Lu Qingyi’s conversation, the corners of the Void Mantis’s mouth twitched. They had a telepathy talent, so stop adding any strange abilities!

“The World Tournament is so dangerous. One should have more abilities and trump cards.” Shi Yu chuckled.

Unfortunately, because he still had to use the Talent Bead to develop telepathy, there was also problem creating memory water droplets was too wasteful of Susu, Shi Yu, and Buggy’s time and energy, Shi Yu could only take care of Lu Qingyi, who also didn’t have battle talent.

Otherwise, without the pressure of the World Tournament, he would have to recruit disciples widely no matter what.