Chapter 732 - Shi Yu'S Superpower Form (1)

Chapter 732: Shi Yu’s Superpower Form (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The Void Mantis was naturally not unfamiliar with the profession of Gu Master.

Even in ancient times, this profession was especially prosperous.

It wasn’t like it had never fought a Gu Master.

However, the Gu Master in its impression seemed to be completely different from Shi Yu!

It had never heard of a level-six Gu Master who could control a top-notch totem body as a puppet!

Where did an ordinary level-six Beast Tamer get a top-notch totem body puppet?

Was this some novel titled “My Legendary Beast Tamer Father”?

Even if there was, how could it be controlled by a monarch-level bug-type creature?

Of course, what made the Void Mantis most unwilling was that the gem cat said that Shi Yu had hunted this thing himself?

Bullsh*t!

Even in the Space Emperor’s team, half of them weren’t even totems!

It was an extremely powerful creature. How could a level-six Beast Tamer kill it!

Even if Shi Yu was one level higher, it wouldn’t believe it!

“Senior Ying, is what you said true?”

Not to mention the Void Mantis, even Lu Qingyi was very confused and shocked when she heard the gem cat say this.

How was this possible…

Shi Yu said, “Cough, there’s an element of trickery. This totem has been sealed for 2000 years. When it woke up, it didn’t even have the strength of an ordinary totem.”

“We successfully killed it in its cradle before it could react…”

Lu Qingyi’s mouth opened slightly.

The Void Mantis also widened its eyes.

Bastard! He was explaining it so seriously?!

They wanted to hear this guy say “just kidding”, not explain why the hunt was successful!

No matter what its state was, it was still a totem.

“Senior Mantis, are we still fighting or not? You can’t go back on your word,” Shi Yu said.

The Void Mantis had delivered itself to his door, so how could Shi Yu not want it?

The meditation cultivation effect in the Space Emperor Ruins was even better than Lu Qingyi’s legendary ruins and Ji Mengzhu’s legendary ruins. It was specially modified by the Space Emperor and might be useful in the future.

Even if he obtained the blessings of the World Tree later and didn’t need it, letting the Void Mantis use the ruins to guide Shi Yu’s friends and family was a good choice.

“You’re the one who didn’t consider the virtue of the duel first!”

“You’re the one who didn’t talk about virtue first!”

It didn’t know if it should believe Shi Yu or the gem cat.

If it was true, it wanted to curse this cow to death!

What kind of trash was this damn cow? Why was it killed by a level-six Beast Tamer??

Damn it.

It originally thought that dealing with Buggy would be very easy, but as Buggy used the legendary Dragon Ball and the totem body puppet one after another, the Void Mantis was slightly annoyed.

It wasn’t afraid of fighting experts, but seeing a junior who was originally inferior to it cheat his way to the same level of strength as it in just a few months was a little unbalanced! Unbalanced! Did anyone understand?

Moreover, if it lost, wouldn’t it be very embarrassing!

The Void Mantis looked at the yak totem solemnly and seriously. Then, it took a deep breath.

So that was the case.

It was indeed a weak totem, and when it died, its body had already been destroyed beyond recognition!

Otherwise, if it was a perfect top-notch totem body, its spatial blade just now might not necessarily be able to break through its defense.

It was shocked just now. Now that he took a closer look, this totem puppet was completely strong on the outside but weak on the inside. The powerful appearance it had was all because of Buggy’s “power of imagination”!

It no longer had any strength. Even its physical strength was much weaker!

Under normal circumstances, even if Buggy reached the overlord level with the help of the Dragon Ball, it was very unlikely to use the worm silk to control the Black Meteorite Yak’s body. However, Buggy used a trick to repair this body through the “Illusionary Phantom”.

Phantom illusions could materialize illusions with materials…

The Black Meteorite Yak had been blown up by Baby Ginseng previously. The reason why it could be so complete now was because Buggy used the remaining physical body as materials and imagined constructing a complete Black Meteorite Yak.

In other words, “repair”.

Because at the moment, the Black Meteorite Yak was repaired by Buggy through the power of imagination and worm silk, and so Buggy obtained the right to control this puppet. But even so, because the physical exhaustion was too serious and the parasitic method wasn’t brilliant, Buggy couldn’t obtain the complete right to control it like those legendary Gu Masters.

Buggy didn’t have the ability to let this puppet release the skills it had when it was alive. Not even a low-level skill. It could only purely use its physical strength as a shield!

Realizing this, the Void Mantis pondered for a moment. So that was the case. If that was the case, as long as it dragged this guy down, it could win. If it was controlling this big guy and using the Dragon Ball to become stronger, Buggy would definitely suffer a huge consumption.

Apart from that, if it found the weakness of this puppet and defeated it, it could also pull out the worm inside!

“Continue!!!”

When the Void Mantis thought of this, it attacked again!!

This time, it chose to fight a long-range battle of attrition with Buggy!

It was at the overlord level. It could mobilize the power of the void to strengthen skills like how it mobilized the power of nature. Its consumption would decrease greatly. In a battle of attrition, the Void Mantis felt that it was not a problem to fight for a day and night.

But it believed that the worm opposite definitely couldn’t last.

As for the puppet, although it was strong on the outside, it was also weak on the inside. It didn’t have the true power of a totem. Facing its spatial attainments, it couldn’t cause fatal damage to it. It just had to increase the distance!