Chapter 731 - Buggy Vs The Void Mantis (5)

Chapter 731: Buggy vs the Void Mantis (5)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

During the process of being sent flying, the Void Mantis wasn’t injured either, because Buggy had also held back. It was equivalent to warming up. At the same time, it was telling the Void Mantis its current strength. During the process of flying backward, the Void Mantis’s expression was shocked, and soon, its body stopped in midair.

“Time Fruit?” The mantis and Lu Qingyi asked at the same time.

However, in exchange, Shi Yu shook his head. The Void Mantis quickly understood. No, it wasn’t the Time Fruit.

Using that fruit, it wasn’t that Buggy couldn’t obtain overlord-level power, but it definitely wasn’t that high. Moreover, the side effects of that fruit were huge. After Shi Yu’s pet ate it and stepped into the overlord level, it would collapse in two to three moves at most. It definitely wouldn’t be that calm!

The Void Mantis looked at the calm state of the Butterfly of Imagination and immediately understood that it could even maintain this state for a long time. It was definitely not an overlord with only one or two moves!!

“It was with the help of external props. Senior Mantis, you shouldn’t mind, right?” Shi Yu asked.

Compared to when it fought the Void Mantis previously, Buggy’s greatest change was that it wore divine armor.

“Heh, let me put it this way, it’s also your strength to be able to reach this realm with external tools.” The Void Mantis smiled excitedly. So that was the case. This way, it could also let loose. This guy could actually use tools to reach such power. No wonder it dared to challenge it!!

However, this was still not enough. It still had strength, but it looked like its skills were lacking!!

“How many tools do you have? Use them all. However, the gap between the monarch level and the overlord level isn’t that easy to cross with external objects!! Its spatial element is still a little young!” The Void Mantis laughed crazily, its face gradually distorting. It was a battle maniac to begin with. The pets in Shi Yu’s team more or less knew its abnormality in battle.

“Of course I know this…” Shi Yu also took a deep breath. He naturally didn’t expect Buggy to defeat the Void Mantis with the power of the Dragon Ball.

Under the circumstances where Buggy’s various spatial skill proficiency was crushed by the Void Mantis, even if its energy level was 20 to 30 million higher, the chances of winning were not high.

However, if space didn’t work, what about relying on the bug element?

This time, the Void Mantis didn’t rashly teleport over. Instead, in the distance, its two blades merged. In the next moment, spatial sword dances filled the sky. The gray sword light was like a light blade that could cut through space, directly crushing towards Buggy like a tsunami!!

This time, the Void Mantis used the power of an overlord. It wanted to see what realm Buggy could reach with external help!!

“Wu!!! (Senior, sorry!!)” In the face of the Void Mantis’s attack, Buggy also took a deep breath and directly used the mental strength of a top-notch overlord to transform!!

In the next moment, a huge black mist that kept rolling and festering appeared from Buggy’s body. Then, the sky darkened, and spatial fluctuations surged around Buggy. An incomparably huge body dozens of meters tall descended!!

“Moo!!!”

As for Buggy, it was instantly wrapped in its body and hid inside the iron wall!!

This was the body of the Black Meteorite Yak Totem!!

Although it had already been blown into shape by Baby Ginseng, under the continuous repair of the worm silk and phantom illusion, it finally recovered some battle power!

Boom!!

The powerful spatial blade descended on its huge body, but it only sliced open a small portion of its body before being blocked. Even if it was a corpse, its physical strength was still terrifying!!

Right on the heels of that, the body sliced open by the spatial blade was quickly repaired by white worm silk!!

In the huge black mist, part of the Black Meteorite Yak’s body was constantly sliced open and repaired, revealing terrifying body organs.

It had sticky black flesh, a mouth dripping with mucus, and short distorted legs. At the end of its legs was a black hoof that could barely be called a “bull” hoof, making it emit terrifying power.

As the Black Meteorite Yak Puppet descended, the first round of attacks of the Void Mantis was directly resisted by this puppet with the worm silk without injury. On the other side, the Void Mantis opened its mouth wide and looked at this totem corpse puppet, a little stunned.

What was this!

Boom!!

Before the Void Mantis could react, Buggy controlled the Black Meteorite Yak Puppet to stomp in the air!!

“Moo!!!” As light appeared in the black mist-like eyes, a huge hoof that seemed to be able to crush space crushed towards the Void Mantis!!

The huge leg that was like a mountain swept across. At this moment, the Void Mantis felt an even stronger threat than when Buggy used the legendary Dragon Ball. It widened its eyes and looked at the descending black hoof. It wanted to quickly teleport and escape, but this physical attack that seemed to be able to shatter space directly caused countless spatial cracks to scratch the body of the Void Mantis during the teleportation.

Boom!!!

A huge pit was stepped into the ground.

Buzz!!!

The Void Mantis appeared in the sky in a flash. It looked at the disappearing figure of the worm and the figure of the Black Meteorite Yak that appeared and immediately cursed with an explosive expression. It had already sensed that this thing… Was the body of a f*cking top-notch totem!!

That worm was hiding inside!!! Controlling it!!

Although it no longer had life force, with the control of the worm silk and the power of imagination, its strength was still terrifying.

“You, you cheated!!!” The Void Mantis cursed and said, “Is this thing something a level-six Beast Tamer can obtain??”

“I said you could use props, not the corpses of top-notch totems!!!”

“I won’t bet with you anymore!!”

The Void Mantis regretted it. Who knew what this guy could take out later!

It couldn’t afford to play with this guy!

It wasn’t the only one. At this moment, when she saw the corpse of the Black Meteorite Yak, even Lu Qingyi was momentarily absent-minded with a shocked expression.

What was this?!

Top-notch totem corpse?

“Why not?” Shi Yu was immediately stunned when he saw the Void Mantis trying to shrug off the bet. He said, “Why can’t we use the totem corpse we hunted ourselves?”

“Don’t you know the profession of Gu Master, Senior Void Mantis?”

“This is even more legal and scientific than using props.”

The Void Mantis was furious. “Bullshit, this is even more ridiculous than your rank 11 in the sequence. You hunted a top-notch totem!!!”

“Cough, cough.” At the side, the gem cat muttered softly, “But he really killed it… I’ve said before, Senior Mantis, be careful and don’t underestimate them. This kid is sinister… Why did you court death and raise a bet yourself?”

The Void Mantis: ???

When the Void Mantis heard the totem cat’s words, the corners of its mouth twitched, and its gaze was stunned. What did this totem cat just say? Impossible, impossible, impossible. Was it trying to lie to it?! It wasn’t an uneducated mantis, alright?!