Chapter 734 - 734 Shi Yu'S Superpower Form (3)

734 Shi Yu’s Superpower Form (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

What they didn’t know was that this wasn’t the use of illusions at all, but a combination skill of illusions and another bug-type skill!

“The torture is still to come,” the gem cat muttered.

In the blink of an eye, the Void Mantis had already used spatial cutting to kill more than ten Dragon God phantoms.

As there were too many opponents, it was inevitable that it would miss out on blocking the signals. Many death signals still returned to Buggy’s main body.

The Buggy’s mental fluctuations in the Black Meteorite Yak also quickly rose to a higher level.

At this moment, the Void Mantis was helpless, but it quickly understood. It still felt that the other party wouldn’t be its match in a battle of attrition!

After all, the level difference was there.

Continue!

Swoosh!!!

Most of the Void Mantis’s attention was focused on the Black Meteorite Yak’s body, searching for weaknesses.

However, as the saying went, a wise man would definitely make a mistake. After easily cutting down so many divine dragon phantoms, a ginseng baby phantom wearing hardened armor riding on the divine dragon phantom made the pupils of the Void Mantis shrink.

The divine dragon phantom was divided into two by the Void Mantis, but the Undying Sun Ginseng phantom in the Space Quake Hardening Armor leaped up.

Its body emitted light beside the Void Mantis.

“Yi! (Buggy is so handsome!)” Baby Ginseng’s phantom shouted!

Boom!!!!

The powerful self-destruction wave coupled with the nature of the Space Quake instantly shattered the surrounding space. Even if the Void Mantis dodged very timely, some injuries were inevitable.

Not only was there a divine dragon phantom, but there was also a teammate phantom!

Using the mental-type skill Heart Strike and super vision, Buggy successfully found the other party’s mistake after a few rounds of confrontation.

The Void Mantis was looking for the puppet’s weakness, and it was also looking for the Void Mantis’ mistake!

“Damn, damn, damn…”

It was this attack that almost made the Void Mantis curse.

During the process of flying backward, the Void Mantis covered its wound with its black saber with constricted pupils.

Because it felt that it had dodged this attack in time. The damage the move caused to itself was definitely limited, but being hit was an outcome that was beyond the expectations of the Void Mantis.

A force directly extracted a portion of its life force and energy.

Moreover, it transmitted to the Butterfly of Imagination in an even stronger bug-type signal method. Even its spatial barrier couldn’t block it.

“Why can it also absorb vitality and energy!!!” The Void Mantis was about to curse.

This guy could use the endurance skill of sucking blood and mana in a battle of attrition! What the hell was this!

“This is…”

Seeing the panicked expression of the Void Mantis, Lu Qingyi said, “Buggy can absorb life force from the damage caused to the Void Mantis?”

The gem cat nodded and said, “So you know why I said it’ll get even more disgusting later, right?”

Lu Qingyi was speechless. The gem cat had been by Shi Yu’s side for a long time, so it clearly knew more about Shi Yu’s pet situation.

She finally believed the gem cat’s words.

If this continued, the Void Mantis might really be in danger!!

This strategy was so dirty!

Lu Qingyi herself definitely didn’t want to fight this strategy.

The enemy hid in an indestructible puppet and released a Phantom Little Brother. After the Phantom Little Brother died, it could still strengthen the main body. The Phantom Little Brother could even suck blood and mana when it hit the enemy. How could there be such a dirty strategy!

At this moment, the Void Mantis also completely panicked, because it felt that as Buggy’s mental strength increased again, the strength of the divine dragon phantom it continued to create increased gradually.

Swoosh!!!

The Void Mantis’s black saber slashed at a black dragon beside it again, but this attack couldn’t instantly kill the other party. Under the other party’s final counterattack and the encirclement of the surrounding divine dragons, the Void Mantis’s body was directly sent flying by a dragon tail!!

“F*ck…”

Spatial attack!!

The concealment was broken, and its body fell. The Void Mantis felt a portion of its physical fitness being extracted again.

When Buggy used this move to fight Eleven and Baby Ginseng, who also had endurance, the effect was not very good. However, now that it was used to fight the Void Mantis without endurance, Buggy instantly experienced extreme joy.

However, in contrast, the Void Mantis was extremely aggrieved at this moment. It realized that it couldn’t continue like this.

It didn’t know the limits of Buggy under this strategy at all.

If this continued, it would be disadvantageous to it.

Finally, the disgusted Void Mantis suddenly noticed a problem.

As it flew backward, it looked at Shi Yu, who was watching the battle with a smile outside the arena. It was furious.

It seemed to have thought of something and smiled. It stopped and looked at the Black Meteorite Yak puppet opposite it, at the dragons in the sky, and at Buggy and Shi Yu opposite it.

Stretching out its arm, the black saber pointed at Shi Yu and the others and said, “By the way, Beast Taming battles allow attacks on the Beast Tamer himself, right?”

“Little worm, I advise you to come out and fight me. Otherwise, I’ll teleport to your Beast Tamer’s side now and use him as a hostage.”

“With the Beast Tamer gone, fighting me again is no different from losing.”

“You can’t spare any energy to protect a Beast Tamer with such a big puppet, right?”

The Void Mantis gave up. What it said was naturally very reasonable. After all, apart from the battles that protected newcomer trainees, even in competitions, one could basically attack the Beast Tamer himself.

However, be it the challenge of the Space Emperor Ruins or the current battle, as a “senior”, the Void Mantis had never done this.

However, this time, it was forced into a corner. It was enough to see the disgusting level of Buggy’s strategy. Upon hearing that, not only the Buggy in the puppet, but also Shi Yu, Lu Qingyi, and the gem cat, who were watching the battle, were stunned.