Chapter 738 - 738 Fusion Of The Kirin Fossil (2)

738 Fusion of the Kirin Fossil (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

If anyone else wanted to learn all this psychic stuff that Shi Yu had, they had to pay up, naturally.

“World Tournament, World Tree…” The Void Mantis looked at Shi Yu and said,” There’s less than four months, right? ”

“At that time, I’ll follow you to join in the fun. My Beast Tamer once wanted to go to Inatella, but unfortunately, because the World Tree was sleeping, he couldn’t go. This time, I’ll go take a look on his behalf.”

Lu Qingyi said, “I promised Senior Mantis to bring it along when the time comes.”

“Of course.” Shi Yu smiled and said, “The various countries should still be able to bring a lot of spectators to every world competition.”

“Well… Senior, I just remembered that I still have something to do in the afternoon. Let’s talk during dinner.” Shi Yu couldn’t wait to go to Ling’s side to see the situation. He immediately said.

“Alright.” Lu Qingyi nodded slightly and said, “Then I’ll confirm the time of the legend assessment with the association.”

Even if one became a professional Beast Tamer, they could receive resources from the association every month and obtain a legendary Beast Tamer license. That was even more impressive. Every year, they could receive a batch of high-level resources above level seven. It would be a waste not to take the assessment.

At the same time, only those who had reached the Legendary level were qualified to run for the position of president of the Beast Tamer Association in first-level cities like Demon Capital and Ancient Capital. It could be said that after reaching the Legendary level, they had one foot in the core positions of higher-ups of Dong Huang.

For someone like Shi Yu, who had “medium” strength but had entered important departments in the country, his right to speak was extremely heavy. For him to casually build an army, talk and laugh with totems, and lead a bunch of overlords… They were just examples.

“Eh, you brat…” At this moment, seeing Shi Yu slip away so quickly, the gem cat rolled its eyes and felt that things weren’t that simple.

Usually, with Shi Yu’s panicked appearance, there should be something “good” waiting for him…

“…” At this moment, the Void Mantis was still very depressed as it watched Shi Yu leave. Seeing this, the gem cat couldn’t help but comfort it. “Senior Mantis, cheer up. At least in the future, when Shi Yu goes to the Space Emperor Ruins, he has to bring some greeting gifts, right?”

The Void Mantis was silent. This was the only way to think about it.

However, it was afraid that this kid would send some strange person over instead of personally coming. Maybe he would be sending Lu Qingyi or something over…

….

After Shi Yu left Senior Lu’s legendary ruins, he ran back to the dormitory and entered his ruins steadily, arriving at Ling’s Mechanical Research Institute.

At this moment, apart from Ling, there was also the mechanical Tyrant Dragon in the research institute.

“Roar!!!”

Perhaps it couldn’t be called a mechanical Tyrant Dragon anymore. After all, it had completed its evolution under Ling’s upgrade in the past two months.

At this moment, it was nearly ten meters long and prostrated on the ground. Its earth-brown dragon scales were impressive and domineering. Behind its huge head, several spike-like scales extended, and its deep blue-gray dragon eyes were filled with invincibility.

Apart from not having wings, it was closer to the Western dragon than in the form of the Tyrant Dragon.

For the past few months, Ling had been fusing a second fossil for the mechanical Tyrant Dragon. It was a level-eight fossil. It came from a totem-level earth-element dragon and was also the king of the earth. From this Earth Dragon, the little machine obtained three new racial skills and completed its evolution.

< Name > Little Ji

[Race]: Mechanical Life

[Attributes]: Machinery, Earth, Dragon

[Race Level]: Mid-level overlord

[Level of Growth]: Commander

[Race Skill]

“Intermediate”: Basic Intelligence (Expert)

“Advanced”: Space Splitting Sword (Expert), Dragon Breath (Proficient), Deterrence (Perfect)

“Super Level”: Earth Domain (Initiate), Earthquake (Initiate), Reverse Scale (Initiate)

Energy Points: 100,000

After evolution, Little Ji’s personality had become much worse. This was because it had obtained the reverse scale skill. It dared to be angry at anyone who denied that it wasn’t the overlord of the earth.

It was angry.

After all, apart from Duckie, it couldn’t defeat anyone else.

Although it was the true king of racial skills apart from Eleven, this didn’t stop it from being a junior.

“Roar ~” After Shi Yu arrived, Little Ji stretched out its dragon claws, its gaze revealing a sharp expression, indicating that it was all thanks to it.

Unlike that duck, who was just an additional mouth to feed. That guy couldn’t provide any contribution to the team!

It still had to be the king of the land!

“Sure.” Shi Yu looked at the increasingly handsome little machine and gave it a thumbs up. “If Ling evolves successfully, you’ll be the first to be credited. When the time comes, I’ll sell my kidney if I have to and find a legendary resource to help you break through to overlord.”

“Roar!!!” Little Ji was extremely excited. The expert level basic intelligence had already made it less stunned. It already knew what a legendary resource was.

That was a super treasure that even the members of the first team dreamed of!

Even Big Sister Ling had never obtained a legendary resource!

And Shi Yu actually said that he wanted to give it one too!

That was good!

Although it was only commander rank now, it didn’t stop Little Ji from imagining the future.

After becoming an overlord, it would be the true overlord of the earth!

“No, it’s too wasteful,” Ling said from the side. Hey, hey, hey, it felt that its master was getting more and more arrogant. What legendary resources? Even if it was the first team, they were still lacking at the moment, alright?

Wasn’t it a waste to give it to this big guy?

“What’s the matter?” Shi Yu chuckled and said, “Little Ji is also very willing to work hard.”

“Roar! (That’s right, that’s right.)” Little Ji looked at Ling with tears in its eyes. It didn’t expect Big Sister to be so heartless.

In order to cooperate with the experiment, it lay on the mechanical bed 12 hours a day and let itself be dissected.