Chapter 747 - 747 The Final Form Of Telepathy (2)

747 The Final Form of Telepathy (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“In addition, the personnel aren’t limited to Bureau 11. There’s also the archeological Association, the civilian talents, and the ancient families. Next, you guys will come into contact with them one by one. I’ll provide you with a list. You can also dig it out yourself.”

The meeting lasted for about an hour. In short, Bureau 11’s mission for the past two months was to continue to collect, summarize, and report special archeological information about the Mythical Era and the totem era.

Shi Yu and Lu Qingyi were the only two members who had not been given missions because they still had to prepare for the World Tournament. The archeological teams of the seven countries only assisted the participants in cracking the ruins. As for the two of them, they didn’t need the support of others to directly fight those Mythical Ruins themselves.

However, although there were no missions, the two of them definitely couldn’t stay idle. Shi Yu planned to dig deeper into the Mythical fossil, while Lu Qingyi decided to dig deeper into the Mythical Revival skill before going to the ruins to take a look at the inheritance of this skill.

….

After the meeting ended.

Shi Yu chatted privately with President Lin for a few minutes more and told the Wind Kirin about the situation.

In the scene, President Lin pondered slightly.

After learning that the Wind Kirin, a mechanical phantom beast, had learned the lost skill Wind Spirit Bead and had a chance of becoming a Mythical race, President Lin nodded.

“Not bad.”

“If your mechanical phantom beast really evolves into a Mythical race, it’s undoubtedly equivalent to a new demigod in Dong Huang in the future!”

“I’ll inform the fourth bureau to send the other fossil to you as soon as possible.”

If it could really awaken a quasi-divine skill, even if it was very difficult to grow to the Mythical stage, it was not difficult to grow to the demigod level!

Spending money, even if it was ten legendary resources… As long as the pet that had mastered a quasi-divine skill was strengthened to the totem level, then the battle power of a totem with a quasi-divine skill was undoubtedly at the demigod level.

Although Shi Yu had said that the quasi-divine skill mastered by the Wind Kirin might not be a battle-type skill, President Lin still had a lot of anticipation.

The quasi-divine skill Wind Blessing was a move to strengthen luck. It definitely couldn’t be considered a battle move, but the effect might not be bad in battle.

He made Shi Yu believe in the power of quasi-divine skills. That was the power that involved the laws of the world.

“Speaking of which, President Lin, if I showcase the ability to revive Mythical creatures at the archeological event, I won’t be targeted, right?” Shi Yu thought.

“I feel that if the totem country finds out, they will definitely target us in the World Tournament…”

President Lin nodded and said, “Of course, but what gave you the illusion that you wouldn’t be targeted to death even if you didn’t show it?”

Shi Yu said, “I’m not afraid, but what I mean is that in order to ensure Ling’s safety, can we get it a repair-type and defensive-type Mechanic-type legendary resource? If it really doesn’t work, any wind-type legendary resource is fine… We can accelerate the cultivation progress. Perhaps we can have greater gains. When the time comes, we can directly exchange for a Mythical resource at the archeological Conference!”

President Lin: …

It was true.

“President Lin, tell me. Would Senior Dragon God agree to let Ling acknowledge her as godmother?” Shi Yu fell into deep thought. “The Kirin fossil came from Dragon Palace City. No matter what, Ling has some ‘blood relations’ with Dragon Palace City. With an additional identity, the other totem countries have to consider it if they want to target it…”

Ling: …

President Lin: …

Chi Tong: I’m familiar with this.

President Lin said, “The legendary resources will be for you. Don’t disturb Senior Dragon God.”

“Ah, alright.” Shi Yu was helpless.

President Lin was silent. He hoped that Shi Yu’s mechanical phantom beast could really awaken a quasi-divine skill.

If it succeeded, with the Blue Sea Sprite, it would be two pets with demigod aptitude…

After Shi Yu suggested that President Lin find more Mythical fossils, the two of them ended the call. Shi Yu came to Principal Feng and Lu Qingyi.

“So, are we still eating?”

“Principal Feng is also here. Let’s go together.”

After Shi Yu came over, Principal Feng immediately looked at him with a burning gaze.

“Call Teacher Ying and Senior Mantis too. By the way, don’t mention that I played a battle replay in the conference room later…”

“Huh…?” Principal Feng and Lu Qingyi were silent.

This kid still knew not to let the Void Mantis know!

If the Void Mantis knew that he had secretly recorded the scene of it being beaten up for others to see, it would kill him!

“Let’s talk about eating later. Shi Yu, that superpower was plundered from An Chang’s Talent Bead, right?”

Shi Yu entrusted the gem cat to take care of An Chang, so he naturally entrusted Principal Feng to take care of this kid.

Shi Yu nodded and said, “Yes, it was developed through the Talent Bead. However, thinking of my level, this is only one of the conditions.”

“That kid is really a lucky star of Ancient Capital University!!” Principal Feng sighed.

An Chang’s Awakening Mirror gave Shi Yu the initial idea of the mechanical phantom beast system.

An Chang’s Talent Bead allowed Shi Yu to develop superpowers through it.

“Therefore, I plan to make a trip to Dragon Palace City before going to Tingxiang this time. I’ll also bring him over and throw him over to train for a few days to thank him.” Shi Yu smiled.

He would ask Senior Sea Dragon King to give his sea dragon special treatment and Senior Butterfly God to bless his green cocoon.

“Sure.” Principal Feng nodded and smiled. Training was good. Training was good so that he could grow into the new pillar of Ancient Capital University.

Just as Shi Yu and the others were about to eat, something was happening at the Mechanical Research Institute in Wu Ling City…