Chapter 742 - 742 Another Mythical Resource (1)

742 Another Mythical Resource (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Ling had evolved.

Next, Shi Yu naturally had to study Ling’s strength after evolution.

This research was impressive.

Shi Yu realized that Ling in the form of a Wind Kirin should have the strongest speed in the team under the same level.

This title originally belonged to Chi Tong, but now, it was directly snatched away by Ling.

Of course, this referred to the movement speed on land and in the sky.

If it was in the sea, Susu would definitely be better.

This made Shi Yu feel that he might be able to abandon Buggy and use Ling as a transportation tool.

After all, Buggy’s Instant Transmission was “driving and stopping” and “intermittent”. It was easy to get carsick.

Moreover, the consumption of Instant Transmission was not small. Every time Buggy finished using it, it would complain that it was tired, making it look like he was squeezing Buggy dry.

Unlike Ling, who could directly use natural wind as an energy source to continue and fly at a high speed.

It was energy-efficient, environmentally friendly, stable, and fast.

“Ling, quickly study the form of the Kirin fighter plane. We’ll fly the plane ourselves when we go to Tingxiang this time.”

As for mechas, they were too conspicuous. They were easy targets to take a beating, and their speed might not be faster than the fighter plane form.

He wanted Ling to show off its plane speed in the sky.

It would be pretty fast!

Upon hearing Shi Yu’s suggestion, Eleven and the others communicated solemnly. Buggy heaved a sigh of relief.

As long as it didn’t teleport.

“Wu…” Ling frowned.

Although it wasn’t impossible, it was a perfectionist. Spending time researching the form of a fighter jet would waste a lot of time.

However, it still had to continue researching the Kirin form and the Fusion Mecha…

Ling quickly said, “Why don’t… we go by sea?”

“Let’s enter Susu’s infinite space and let it bring us over.”

“Including the strengthening of the Time Fruit, Susu’s speed should be faster than mine.”

“Most importantly… safety.”

“The commotion of me flying in the air will be very big, but if Susu shrinks and travels in the ocean, no one can sense it.”

Back then, the Tyrannical Sea Legend had let Shi Yu and the others enter the Giant Leviathan’s infinite space and head to Dragon Palace City.

Compared to the huge formation of the Giant Leviathan, Susu, who could multiply to the maximum level, was naturally invincible in the vast sea.

If it wanted to hide, ordinary totems probably couldn’t find it.

“Ning.” When Susu heard Ling’s suggestion, it widened its eyes and shook its head.

Tingxiang was so far away. It would be exhausted along the way!!!

“Alright, then let’s go by sea. Before we go to Tingxiang, I happen to want to take a look at Dragon Palace City,” Shi Yu said.

Susu: QAQ?

Shi Yu continued to study it. It was extremely novel. He even rode the Kirin Phantom a few times.

The so-called Kirin was Qi Ling!

In the flying state, although it was very fast, it gave Shi Yu a very comfortable feeling. There was no discomfort from the wind pressure.

Of course, they also kept experimenting around Ling’s new Wind Spirit Bead skill.

This move was very interesting.

Ling condensed into a high-speed spinning wind ball. It had a strong tearing and devouring effect.

Throwing it out directly could also cause huge destructive power, like a compressed typhoon.

However, what was even more magical was that Eleven’s White Thunder, Chi Tong’s Sun Flame, Susu’s Wave Cannon, and Buggy’s Imagination power could all be integrated into the “Wind Spirit Bead”, dyeing the Wind Spirit Bead with new attribute colors and increasing its power greatly.

It could be said that the Wind Spirit Bead was a perfect combination skill template. Unfortunately, the current entry-level Wind Spirit Bead could only fuse and spread one power, but after its level was high, it should be able to fuse the power of Eleven, Susu, Buggy, Chi Tong, and Baby Ginseng to strengthen and become stronger.

This was also why Ling said that the Wind Spirit Bead skill was very likely to be the key skill of the Fusion Mecha.

When the proficiency of this skill was high, with the Wind Spirit Bead as the core of the mecha, it could indeed maximize the power of all pets.

Although the Wind Spirit Bead’s increase in a single attribute was not as powerful as Chi Tong’s “Interlocking Sword”, it could not withstand its small load and high accommodation. It was more suitable for Mechanics.

After all, injuries to Mechanics were really fatal. Even Baby Ginseng didn’t have good treatment methods for Ling.

The healing effect of the ginseng baby was the most obvious for Eleven, Buggy, and Shi Yu, but the effect on Susu, Chi Tong, and Ling gradually decreased. Fortunately, the three sisters also had their own healing skills.

….

With this torment, Shi Yu worked from noon to night. When he thought of the meal with his senior, he hurriedly came out of the ruins space.

Now, he couldn’t teach Ling Mythical Revival. He could only wait for tomorrow. Before coming, he had taught Eleven skills and wasted a lot of physical strength through strengthening in the battle of Buggy. There was still time.

“Senior, where are you?”

After coming out, Shi Yu called Lu Qingyi and called her.

“Where are we going to eat tonight?”

Shi Yu touched his stomach. He was already hungry.

However, on the other side of the phone, Lu Qingyi didn’t immediately reply to Shi Yu about eating. Instead, she said, “Did you just come out of the ruins?”

“Yes.” Shi Yu nodded.

“Let’s wait a bit regarding the meal first. I’m with Grandpa now. There seems to be an online meeting in Bureau 11 later. President Lin called it. Let’s see what it is first.”

“Oh? Alright.” Shi Yu was stunned.

An online meeting of Bureau 11?

He had joined Bureau 11 for so long, but it seemed like he had never been in a meeting in the bureau.

Just like what Senior Lu said when she tricked him into joining the team, it was very loose and free. There were no missions at all…

No!

Shi Yu was suddenly stunned. Didn’t President Lin give him an archeological mission to the Heavenly Fox Nation two months ago?