Chapter 749 - 749 The Final Form Of Telepathy (4)

749 The Final Form of Telepathy (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

At the same time, he also received a call from Dr. Mei, planning to wait for them at Ancient Capital University tomorrow.

After returning, in the ruins space, Shi Yu and Ling were drinking memory water.

On Ling’s side, it wanted to see if it could recall more dream memories through the memory water drop.

Unfortunately, the situation was not good.

In the end, he probably had to start with the Mythical Revival.

As for Shi Yu, he was searching for memories of his “past life”.

He held the Talent Bead and continued to develop his telepathy talent.

It took more than two months. Shi Yu had failed many times, but at the moment, he was gradually confirming the idea of telepathy development.

It was Eleven and Buggy that had inspired Shi Yu.

It was the profession of archeologist that gave Shi Yu inspiration.

It was his experiences in his previous life that gave him inspiration.

The core of Shi Yu’s current thought process was “Idealism”.

“Everything is born of the heart.”

“The universe is my heart, and my heart is the universe.”

“All existences are materialized from the heart.”

In other words, Buggy’s power of imagination.

Buggy’s power of imagination could turn all imagination into reality.

To put it bluntly, it was to dare to think. The bigger the imagination, the bigger the heart, and the bigger the world.

Therefore, Shi Yu was wondering if he could rely on his mental strength and imagination to strengthen his pet.

If he believed that if Eleven could defeat a divine beast, Eleven would obtain powerful strength.

It firmly believed that if Buggy could become the strongest dragon, it could definitely become the strongest dragon.

It was purely a power born from the heart.

However, imagination alone was useless. Shi Yu also needed more to support his imagination and faith.

Just like how Buggy’s Imagination Phantom also needed to rely on equipment, Shi Yu also needed to rely on some “external forces”.

And for these external forces, Shi Yu chose “archeological discoveries from his previous life”, “mythical legends from his previous life”, and “heart thoughts from his previous life”.

Before transmigrating, Shi Yu was a Mythical Scholar and an archeologist. In his previous life, he had come into contact with more ancient ruins than in the two years he had transmigrated.

However, those ruins on Earth didn’t have extraordinary power, so they looked ordinary.

However, the current Shi Yu didn’t think that they were ordinary.

Because he had also seen the nine inscriptions carved on Eleven in a certain ruin on Earth.

There was a connection between Earth and Blue Planet that Shi Yu had yet to forget.

In fact, figuring out this connection was Shi Yu’s greatest goal now.

In that case, if some of the myths, beliefs, and power he knew were true, could he borrow them for himself?

He relied on the power of his imagination to transfer their power to his pet.

With the help of the memory water drop, Shi Yu kept wandering in the sea of memories. In the dark world, he saw a “First Chinese Painting” carved on the stone wall. It was two black and white Yin Yang fish wrapping each other. With the help of the memory water drop, with the help of mental strength, and with the help of the meditation technique, they looked much more magical than when Shi Yu saw them himself.

Countless layers superimposed. Shi Yu seemed to see the process of the universe going from infinity to Taiji to the transformation of all things. He saw the process of chaos splitting Yin and Yang and even splitting Yin and Yang.

As a transmigrator, Shi Yu naturally knew what these were. They indeed seemed to contain some powerful power, and the concept of Yin Yang Taiji didn’t exist on Blue Planet in the Beast Taming Era. Therefore, Shi Yu was thinking that if this painting really contained some kind of power of the natural order, was it possible to rely on his understanding and mental strength to affect his pet?

Apart from that, in the dark meditation scene, Shi Yu also saw a starry sky and a constellation through the power of the memory water drop. They were also carved on the stone wall. However, the simple pattern was lifelike in Shi Yu’s eyes.

There were a total of seven constellations. They were connected together and looked like dragons. This was the origin of one of the Four Spirits of Heaven, the Green Dragon.

The myths and legends of the Green Dragon existed on Earth and Blue Planet, but similarly, both Earth and Blue Planet thought that this was fiction.

In both places, the Green Dragon referred to the name of the Eastern Dragon-shaped constellation. It originated from the worship of the ancient constellations. On Blue Planet, the Green Dragon was the earliest recorded in the totem era. It was said that it was a divine beast made up by humans in the totem era in order to scare other totems.

In the east of Blue Planet, the Green Dragon was very famous. It was one of the dragon-element Mythical totems that humans believed in. However, among the orthodox dragons, be it East Sea Dragon Palace City or the Western dragons, they didn’t recognize the Green Dragon.

This was because there were detailed records in Dragon Palace City and the Western Dragon Empire. The ancestor of the dragon race was a World Destruction Divine Dragon named “Ancestral Dragon”. It was a native divine dragon of Blue Planet born on its mother planet, not a green dragon totem created by humans and some subspecies dragons through the constellations.

If the green dragon was formed by a constellation, it was no longer a native creature of Blue Planet, so the concept of the green dragon was not orthodox on Blue Planet.

However, the concepts of the Green Dragon, the Vermillion Bird, the White Tiger, and the Black Tortoise spread very widely on Blue Planet. In fact, many transcendent life forms believed it and evolved towards these concepts. There was even no lack of totem-level creatures and even demigods in the future, but most dragons still recognized the Ancestral Dragon more.

It was mainly because one had evidence, and the other didn’t.

However, at this moment, Shi Yu discovered some divine powers of the green dragon through the green dragon diagram in his memory.

That made sense. Even if the Green Dragon was really fictional, after being worshiped for so long, it should have given birth to a spirit like the Blue Sea Sprite, right?

Unfortunately, Shi Yu still couldn’t connect these miracles to Eleven, Buggy, and the others…

“Is there anything lacking…”

Shi Yu opened his eyes. The Yin Yang Taiji Painting flashed in his eyes that reflected his heart, but it quickly disappeared. Shi Yu sighed. He definitely didn’t have enough awareness.

Damn it.

But no matter what, after seeing these magical patterns from the ruins of Earth through the memory water drop and the power of meditation, Shi Yu was even more certain that developing telepathy in this direction was not wrong.

Through their mental connection, they could transmit the magical power they sensed to their pets. Through the power of imagination, they could use this power on them and help them become stronger. As long as they dared to imagine it, Eleven could step on the Yin Yang Diagram and fight a divine dragon. Buggy could occupy the seven stars and become a green dragon.

He felt that this should be the final form of the archeologist’s telepathy in Bureau 11! In comparison, spiritual power was just a casual addition during the development process