Chapter 741 - 741 Fusion Of The Kirin Fossil (5)

741 Fusion of the Kirin Fossil (5)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

< Name > Wind Blessing

< Introduction > It’s a super skill of the wind, time, and space elements. It uses the wind of nature to increase luck.

Without this skill, could it still be called a Wind Kirin?

Ling was not sad at all. Its voice was still filled with joy. “This skill is different from turning misfortune into luck and the Wind Spirit Bead. It’s extremely difficult to fuse. I can feel that I can’t control this skill at the moment, but it can still awaken at any time. This is a quasi-divine skill, the prototype of a divine skill. It’s a talent skill inherited from its Mythical parents!”

Wind Blessing, a quasi divine skill!!

Shi Yu, Eleven, Buggy, Chi Tong, Susu, and Baby Ginseng suddenly opened their mouths wide.

After communicating with Senior Ji Mengzhu, they naturally knew how impressive quasi-divine skills and prototype divine skills were.

As long as he mastered this, it wouldn’t be too much to say that it was a Mythical race.

Wind Blessing was a quasi-divine skill?

It wasn’t as simple as an ordinary super skill?

“It’s alright, Master. Don’t forget, we still have the ‘Mythical Revival’ skill,” Ling quickly reminded.

Ling’s reminder immediately made Shi Yu react and look at it.

Skill: Mythical Revival

< Introduction > It’s a super special skill. It can awaken the divine power sleeping in creatures.

Status: Teachable

Cooldown Time: 42 hours

He could teach Mythical Revival too!

“You mean…” Shi Yu reacted and understood that the current Ling undoubtedly had the power of a god sleeping in its body. If he taught Ling this skill, even if the Wind Blessing was a divine skill and it couldn’t control it with its current fusion speed, as the proficiency of the Mythical Revival skill increased, it would be able to master the Wind Blessing sooner or later.

So that was the case.

As expected of a top-notch intelligence, it was smart.

Shi Yu was originally annoyed that Ling couldn’t awaken the Wind Blessing, but when he heard that the Wind Blessing might be a quasi-divine skill and that it could be awakened through the Mythical Revival skill, he was instantly excited.

It was awesome.

This way, Ling might be the first pet in the team to master a quasi-divine skill?

The first was to become a pet of a Mythical race?

Perhaps not. Shi Yu fell into deep thought. If awakening the Wind Blessing had too high a requirement for the skill proficiency of Mythical Revival, it would be difficult.

Forget it, today was a happy day anyway!

“Wuu!!!” Eleven and the others also asked. Apart from awakening two new racial skills, were there any other changes?

Ling nodded proudly. Of course!

If the wind elemental life form was the pet of the wind element, then the Wind Kirin was the master of the wind element!

After evolution, the proficiency of its Wind Element Control skill had even increased to nearly perfect level, thanks to the perfect affinity of its current physique with the wind!

< Name > Ling

[Race]: Mechanical Life

[Attributes]: Machinery, Wind

[Race Level]: High-level overlord (Quasi Mythical)

[Level of Growth]: Monarch level

[Race Skill]:

“Advanced”: Hundred Transformations (Dao Proficiency), Advanced Intelligence (Dao Proficiency), Mechanical Space (Dao Proficiency), Loading (Dao Proficiency)

“Super Level”: Wind Element Control (Expert+11), Divine Net (Expert+11), Turning Misfortune into Luck (Expert), Wind Spirit Bead (Initiate)

[Teaching Skill]

“Intermediate”: Super Sight (transcendent), Heart Strike (transcendent)

“Advanced”: Clone (transcendent), Multiplication (transcendent), Deterrence (transcendent), Absolute Sleep (transcendent)

“Super Level”: Mythical Revival (Unlearned)

Energy Points: 9 million+

“Wuu!!” “Wu!!” “Yi!!”

Upon hearing that Ling had changed so drastically after fusing with the Kirin form this time, Eleven, Buggy, and Baby Ginseng were curious. Why don’t… they fight? Let’s fight!

“Mi!” “Ning!!” Chi Tong and Susu also felt that it was still manageable. Fight, fight!

“No.” Ling turned its head mercilessly. Its entire body directly turned into a breeze and returned to the form of the Rubik’s Cube. “I haven’t completely evolved. The power of the Wind Kirin fossil hasn’t been completely activated at all. I need to learn the true Wind Kirin form after the Mythical Revival.”

“When the time comes, we’ll fight.”

Ling rejected cleanly, not giving Susu and the others a chance. Shi Yu smiled.

However, after taking a look at the cooldown time, Shi Yu’s expression changed. “Damn it. If I had known earlier, I wouldn’t have wasted my energy on Eleven.”

Eleven: “?”

It seemed like love didn’t last.