Chapter 743 - 743 Another Mythical Resource (2)

743 Another Mythical Resource (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Oh, that Heavenly Fox mission didn’t seem to be enforced. He could choose whether to go or not. That was fine.

From the looks of it, it was really quite easy. He just didn’t know what it was this time.

Summoning all the members of Bureau 11 in one go should be more important than the Iron-eating Beast Mystic Realm in the Heavenly Fox Nation.

“Could it be that something happened to the Yun Clan’s mystic realm?”

Shi Yu recalled that President Lin seemed to have said that he would send archeologists to investigate the lost race mystic realm that couldn’t be found recently. Could something have happened here?

Shi Yu quickly took out his cell phone and connected to the archeological index. It wasn’t a problem to guess like this. It was better to understand through the meeting later.

….

About half an hour later, in Bureau 11 of Dong Huang, ten official members entered the Internet conference room.

At the moment, including official members and trainee members, Bureau 11 should have 12 people.

However, Fang Lan, a trainee high school student, naturally wouldn’t participate in such a meeting. As for the other one who was absent, Shi Yu took a look at the name on the list and immediately knew what was going on.

It was that senior…

Shi Yu had never seen this senior since he entered the bureau. He had only heard that he had the highest overall archeological achievements in Bureau 11. Through the ruins, just the resources alone had helped Dong Huang obtain two Mythical resources and more than ten legendary resources. Apart from that, he had also obtained more than ten ruins space.

If Bureau 11 had a director position, it should be him.

Unfortunately, it was said that he had gone to explore a Mythical Ruins and had not come out for five years.

No one knew if he was dead or alive.

His name was Gu Yun, a legendary figure in Bureau 11 and one of the elders. Shi Yu had heard a lot of his deeds, but he didn’t know when he could meet him and communicate.

Back then, when he entered the Mythical Ruins, Elder Gu’s message to Bureau 11 was that if he couldn’t come out, don’t look for him.

This person was naturally absent.

Apart from that, Principal Feng, Legend Ke, Grandma Li, Dr. Chen, Senior Lu… The members of Bureau 11 were already in position.

Shi Yu entered at about the same time as everyone. Among these people, Shi Yu was considered the least experienced. However, when these seniors saw the name “Shi Yu”, they had mixed feelings.

This was because although Shi Yu had not been in the game for long, in a short period of time, his attainments in the archeological field had far exceeded most of the seniors present.

It was simply the second Gu Yun. In fact, from the momentum, he might one day surpass that guy.

“Everyone is here, right?”

After everyone entered the conference room, President Lin’s figure appeared on the screen. He said, “It’s been a long time since I called everyone together.”

“President Lin, what’s the matter this time?” An old voice sounded. Shi Yu recognized that it was an old senior. He had retired even more completely than Principal Feng, mainly because his body was weak.

“Yes,” President Lin said. “I believe everyone already knows about the change in the World Tree.”

“In less than four months, Inatella will open.”

“Inatella, the habitat of the World Tree, also known as the Domain of the Gods. The island contains a large number of legendary ruins and Mythical Ruins. It’s the place closest to the secret of the Mythical Era.”

“Inatana, the habitat of the World Tree, also known as the Domain of the Gods. The island contains a large number of legendary ruins and Mythical Ruins. It’s the place closest to the secret of the Mythical Era.”

“Therefore, apart from sending the younger generation to participate in the world competition, the seven countries also decided to form an ‘archeological team’. As spectators of the world competition, they will head to Inatella and try to come into contact with the ruins that might appear in Inatella this time. If they can’t come into contact, they will assist the contestants from the various countries who can come into contact with the ruins to crack it.”

“The members of the ‘archeological team’ are elites of the archeological world of the seven countries. It’s to face the Mythical Revival and explore the vanguard of the Mythical Era. Dong Huang will naturally participate.”

As soon as President Lin finished speaking, no one in the conference room was surprised.

After all, Inatella had only opened for so long. Apart from the old man who had already retired to the point where he couldn’t even walk, no one present was willing to miss this opportunity to go to the World Island.

“The ‘archeological team’ established by the various countries should be completed in the ‘Glorious Kingdom’ of Rongguang on the eve of the World Tournament. That’s the closest place to Inatella.”

“As the various countries have not communicated together for a long time, at that time, the Seven Nation Alliance will also hold an unprecedented archeological event in the Rongguang. The theme is ‘totem’ and ‘myth’.”

“Archeologists who have new archeological discoveries of the ‘totem era’ and ‘mythical era’ can exchange their gains in the conference.”

“It’s considered an information-sharing meeting of the countries before heading to Inatella. Generally, relatively important information won’t be casually shared even between the seven countries. Therefore, this time, the Seven Nation Alliance took out two Mythical resources and ten legendary resources from the alliance’s inventory as a reward.”

“The two most important pieces of information will respectively obtain Mythical resources. The next ten will be getting legendary resources for the archeological discoveries.”

In the totem battle, in the nearly 200 years of history of the alliance era, there were many battles where the seven countries cooperated to harvest a large amount of resources. A portion of these resources had always been stored in the alliance, shared by the seven countries, waiting to be distributed.