Chapter 740 - 740 Fusion Of The Kirin Fossil (4)

740 Fusion of the Kirin Fossil (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

That beast that was not only beautiful, but also extremely handsome and elegant, was still running away from something.

Buggy’s gaze was solemn as it immediately began to replicate!!!

In the outside world.

Outside the Kirin Horn fossil, a deer-like white body slowly appeared.

On its body, some green patterns condensed into cloud-like hair, reflecting the image of the wind. Its entire body was like the embodiment of the wind. Its head was petite and gentle, and various praises for elegance, beauty, and handsomeness could be used on it.

When it was first conjured, a light breeze lingered around it. The even more elegant green-blue silk-like hair on its head also fluttered with the wind. At this moment, Ling began to move. Its entire body turned into particles that were difficult to see with the naked eye and instantly fused into the Wind Kirin phantom.

Layers of green and white halos formed by Ling wrapped around the Wind Kirin.

“The fusion starts now. It’s estimated to take five minutes.”

Ling’s voice sounded in Shi Yu and the others’ ears. Shi Yu and the others nodded, knowing that this was only the beginning.

Right on the heels of that, Ling also had to take out various mechanical parts from its mechanical space during the fusion process and various resources to assist its fusion process and undergo internal modification!

Originally, this was the job of a Mechanic, but Shi Yu, who knew nothing about this, could only quietly wait for Ling’s good news.

“Sob.”

“Wu ~”

“Yi!”

Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, and the others focused their gazes and looked forward to it very much. Mythical creatures… They didn’t know how Ling’s strength would become after successfully fusing.

In the past five minutes, Shi Yu and the others indeed had nothing else to do. They stared at the dreamy Wind Kirin Phantom in front of them. It closed its eyes and emitted a gentle breeze, giving people a very peaceful feeling.

One minute…

Two minutes…

Three minutes…

As the time Ling deduced approached, Shi Yu and the others couldn’t help but feel nervous. Four minutes… four minutes and 30 seconds…

At this moment, Ling, or it could be said that some changes had finally happened to the Wind Kirin Phantom!

Evolution light lingered!!

Buzz!!!

Accompanied by the light, a clearly strong energy wave, but very gentle wind, quickly spread in all directions. Green ripples instantly covered the entire courtyard of the Mechanical Research Institute!

In the legendary ruins, the blue sky was dyed green and white. A rising energy made Shi Yu hold his breath.

“It’s here!!”

Shi Yu shouted and looked at Ling’s energy change with a burning gaze.

Apart from Little Ji and Duckie, the other pets also activated their full-level super vision and observed the changes in the energy fluctuations on Ling’s body!!

Boom!

After two months of cultivation, Ling’s energy level had originally reached 5 million, but now, 6 million, 7 million, 8 million… It didn’t look like evolution at all, but like a breakthrough. The increase in energy level was very ridiculous!!

9 million!!

Soon, Ling’s energy fluctuations exceeded Buggy, Susu, and Chi Tong and came to third place in the team. After all, it was the only pet in the team that had not been strengthened by legendary resources, and be it super skills or low-level skills, it had the least number.

However, under such circumstances, its energy level still increased at a terrifying speed.

“Is it because of the Kirin Horn fossil?”

Shi Yu muttered in his heart. Although the energy level of the Kirin Horn fossil was already “level 0”, it was once a Mythical resource after all. It was of Mythical quality and contained traces of billions of years!

After the power stimulated by the resources provided by the ginseng baby fused into Ling’s body, this change seemed to be understandable.

However, the energy points were all weak.

What concerned Shi Yu the most was skills, skills!

This fusion, this evolution, and this awakening, could he obtain the skills of the Wind Kirin??

Soon.

Through the contract, Shi Yu received an answer.

< Name > Turning Misfortune into Luck

< Introduction > It’s a wind-element super skill. It can absorb skills that are dangerous to itself and double its power to the enemy.

First was turning misfortune into luck. Shi Yu had already replicated this skill from Senior Lu and taught it to Ling in advance. During this evolution process, this skill directly changed from a non-racial skill to a racial skill.

Apart from that.

< Name > Wind Spirit Bead

< Introduction > It’s a wind-element super skill. The Wind Spirit Bead can absorb and adapt to most attributes. It can also spread the effect of other attributes to the maximum through the power of the wind.

The Wind Spirit Bead, the skill Shi Yu and the others had sensed from the Wind Kirin fossil dream, had also been successfully awakened by Ling. This skill was also very important!

It was the key skill Ling had judged to create the “Fusion Mecha”!

“There’s one more, there’s still one more.” Shi Yu was filled with anticipation. There was still the strongest skill.

In Shi Yu’s opinion, that super skill was not a divine skill, but it looked like a divine skill!

However…

At this moment, Ling was silent. The evolution light dissipated. The Wind Kirin Phantom, which was not tall or even more than a meter tall, slowly opened its eyes.

“Success,” Ling said, its intelligent eyes filled with joy.

“Where’s my Wind Blessing! Where’s my big Wind Blessing!!” Shi Yu was stunned. He was happy to see Ling successfully evolve, but he was also stunned.

In his opinion, this skill was the most important.