Chapter 748 - 748 The Final Form Of Telepathy (3)

748 The Final Form of Telepathy (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

In order to study mechanical phantom beasts, Dong Huang established a total of three mechanical phantom beast research institutes, respectively in Wu Ling City, Ancient Capital University, and Star Capital.

Among them, Star Capital was the main research base. The most common were mechanical intelligence and Mechanics from the fourth bureau.

As for the mechanical phantom beast research institute in Wu Ling City and Ancient Capital University, it was purely because the mechanical phantom beast army that Shi Yu applied for later was training with the Iron-eating Beast Army and the Green Silkworm cocoon army over there.

As for Ancient Capital University, in order to develop the Mechanic class, they also established a phantom beast research institute. At the moment, some Mechanic students had made it through and contracted a mechanical phantom beast.

Therefore, when this batch of Mechanic students grew up, perhaps the battle club of Ancient Capital University could harvest another batch of unexpected new blood.

….

Star Capital Technology Garden.

In the fourth bureau, Dr. Mei Xiuying, Legend Xiao Shuang, and Major General Xiao Qin were all neatly working for Shi Yu to study the mechanical phantom beast system.

Apart from that, some of the other seniors from the fourth bureau, even Grandma Li from Bureau 11, President Ye from the third bureau, and even Fang Lan’s parents and the others were here. The mechanical phantom beast research institute here could be said to have gathered dozens of elites in the mechanical, archeological, and feeding fields.

It wasn’t like there wasn’t a super research brain with perfect proficiency.

Under the hard work of this group of people and with the support of some of the technology and ideas provided by Shi Yu, the cultivation of the Soul Heart Fruit was smooth. Batch after batch of mechanical phantom beasts successfully revived, and the technology was gradually perfected. In just a few months, Dong Huang relied on this technology to revive many extinct pets and many lost skills.

However, what gave this group of elites the greatest headache was that the research progress of the most important Mythical fossil was still almost zero.

The dream illusion of this Mythical fossil was like a ball of mist. It was impossible to see clearly, let alone materialize, replicate, and revive into a phantom life form.

At this moment, one of the main people in-charge here, Legend Xiao Shuang and Major General Xiao Qin’s mother, Madam Mei Xiuying, who was the judge of the Mechanical Conference at that time, suddenly received a call from President Lin.

“President Lin.” Mei Xiuying was not surprised to receive President Lin’s call. This was because the research progress of the mechanical phantom beast had to be continuously reported recently.

She estimated that President Lin was here to ask about the progress again.

“President Lin, you called just in time. Good news.”

“What good news? Dr. Mei, could it be that your research on the Mythical fossil has also made progress?”

Dr. Mei Xiuying chuckled and said, “How is that possible? The progress of that fossil is still the same. It’s just that our initial judgment is that the evolution potential of the mechanical phantom beast is very huge. Apart from upgrading through mechanical parts, a mechanical phantom beast can also evolve by loading a second fossil. In other words, a mechanical phantom beast might contain the power of two illusions! Fusion evolution!”

“Although mechanical phantom beasts are the same as biological modification machines and don’t have long lifespans, this discovery has improved the strategic significance of mechanical phantom beasts…”

Dr. Mei Xiuying said excitedly. Just imagine, how cool would it be if the Tyrant Dragon Phantom that originally couldn’t fly successfully fused with the Wind God Winged Dragon Phantom and grew wings? At the same time, it would become the overlord of the earth and sky.

Fusion of the Sea Dragon Phantom and the swimming Sea Tyrant Dragon… was also pretty cool!

“Huh?” As Dr. Mei Xiuying spoke, she suddenly felt that something was wrong. She said in surprise, “President Lin, what did you just say? What do you mean by ‘Could it be that our Mythical fossil research has also made progress’?”

She had discovered a blind spot.

President Lin said, “Shi Yu improved the Time Meditation Technique and optimized the dream entry skill. He has already successfully revived the Wind Kirin Phantom. Since you haven’t developed any results, send this Mythical fossil to Shi Yu first and let him study it.”

Dr. Mei Xiuying: “?”

“Wh-what!!!” The old woman said in disbelief, “Shi Yu… Shi Yu succeeded?”

No, stop kidding.

The dozens of them and the super smart brain studied together, but the progress was still stuck here. How could Shi Yu be so fast?

President Lin said, “Not many people need to know about this. Just send the Mythical fossil to Shi Yu as soon as possible.”

Dr. Mei looked shocked. So, it was true??

She still felt that it was a little ridiculous!

“I understand.” Whether it was true would be known as long as she personally sent the fossil to Shi Yu later.

….

At the meal, Shi Yu and the others chatted about superpowers and the Phoenix Army for the entire night.

After learning that Zhang Qianyi had the aptitude of a phoenix hybrid and that Shi Yu had the intention of establishing the Phoenix Army, Old Master Feng was extremely excited.

This matter had to be dealt with by Lu Qingyi’s mother, his daughter!

Good things shouldn’t be left to outsiders.

The Phoenix Army sounded like a powerful army battle power in the future.

Apart from that, after learning that Shi Yu still wanted to continue developing his telepathy talent through the Talent Bead, Principal Feng and Lu Qingyi couldn’t help but fall silent for Shi Yu’s bold idea.

He didn’t expect that one spiritual power couldn’t satisfy Shi Yu.

However, Shi Yu also expressed that he would try his best to let his seniors learn Psychic power before the World Tournament.

After that, Shi Yu went back to rest. He planned to recover quickly and teach Ling Mythical Revival.