Chapter 746 - 746 The Final Form Of Telepathy (1)

746 The Final Form of Telepathy (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

As everyone knew, the video couldn’t be photoshopped, so it was true.

Looking at the illogical scene in front of them, President Lin and the others fell into deep thought.

What a joke!

“Is this true?” Dr. Chen widened his eyes.

When the Void Mantis was at the monarch level, it could be said to be the strongest pet at the level of the Dong Huang’s monarchs.

After breaking through to overlord, with the previous foundation and the advantage of the spatial element, even if it had just broken through, it would be much stronger than ordinary overlords.

As for the scene, it was sent flying by Shi Yu’s slap?

Was this really not a cartoon created by Shi Yu’s Butterfly of Imagination with illusions?

“It’s true…” Before Shi Yu could say anything, Lu Qingyi said,” When Shi Yu fought Senior Void Mantis, I was beside him… ”

It was true…

As Lu Qingyi confirmed it, the members of Bureau 11 present were a little confused.

Principal Feng immediately looked at Lu Qingyi, as if he was asking her why she didn’t tell him such a ridiculous thing just now!

“Can this ability be popularized?” After Shi Yu displayed it, President Lin immediately understood what was going on.

Body Control Talent!

It was spiritual power developed by Shi Yu through the talent of plunder!

Bai Chuan was a target of the Seven Islands, Dragon Palace City, and Dong Huang, and Shi Yu had plundered his talent. He definitely had to tell President Lin.

Therefore, not only did the gem cat and other familiar faces know about the Talent Bead left behind by the Yue Maiden in the totem era, but President Lin also knew later.

However, President Lin completely didn’t expect Shi Yu to use the talent he should have plundered better than the original owner of the talent.

This couldn’t be blamed on Bai Chuan. After all, Bai Chuan didn’t have a heaven-defying time skill like the “Memory Water”.

Although the memory water drop and the Time Fruit were both high-level skills, the value produced in Shi Yu’s team exceeded a large number of super skills.

“It’s impossible to popularize it on a large scale. The consumption of resources is too great, and it’s too time-consuming and tiring. There’s only one key tool needed. However, it shouldn’t be a problem to help a few or more people master it. The lowest mastery threshold is at the master level. It’s an elite ability,” Shi Yu said.

“That’s not bad.” President Lin nodded and instantly realized the value of this ability.

If he wasn’t wrong, that was a skill that could only be mastered by relatively high proficiency Psychic power. Such proficiency Psychic power could also be derived into many applications. If it was mastered by Beast Tamers with special battle talent, the increase in strength would undoubtedly be extremely huge.

He looked at Shi Yu in the video. He didn’t expect Shi Yu to give him another surprise.

“What!!!” President Lin and Shi Yu’s question and answer stunned the seniors of Bureau 11.

In the video, how could others have a chance to learn the ability Shi Yu used?

From what Shi Yu said, it was not a problem to teach it to more than ten people??

In an instant, even a senior like Legend Ke was instantly tempted and felt a little tempted.

Were they… involved?

Seeing this, Lu Qingyi grunted. Shi Yu should teach it to her first, right?

From the looks of it, she should be the first person to know that Shi Yu had mastered this ability. Even President Lin didn’t seem to know.

“Alright, this matter has come to an end. We’ll talk about everything after the world competition,” President Lin immediately said.

This was a meeting to discuss the archeological event, and it was not the time to discuss this.

He estimated that he definitely couldn’t obtain Shi Yu’s Psychic level just by controlling the Talent Bead. Shi Yu definitely had other improvement skills that belonged to Shi Yu himself. President Lin’s idea was to specially establish a department and let Shi Yu become the superpower chief instructor of Bureau 13. He would start from young geniuses like Lu Qingyi and Gao Xuan who didn’t have battle talent to teach them this special ability.

If he had the energy, he could teach the older generation.

Even if the consumption of resources was high and it was too time-consuming, it shouldn’t be a problem to pile up dozens of super geniuses who could use superpowers with the country’s resource bank, right? President Lin thought.

In this way, Dong Huang and Shi Yu would both benefit. Dozens of super geniuses would be added to Dong Huang, and Shi Yu would use this opportunity to connect to a huge network and completely become one of the most powerful Beast Tamers in Dong Huang.

President Lin fell into deep thought. If he included the connections of the Blue Sea Sprite and Dragon Palace City, the complicated relationship network behind Shi Yu would probably become more and more complicated.

“Alright.”

As soon as President Lin finished speaking, the members of Bureau 11 naturally had no objections. They would think about this after the world competition.

It was just nice to give them sufficient time to prepare.

Archeologists like Legend Ke and Dr. Chen were already thinking about what “gift” to visit Shi Yu with next.

It was obvious that there were spots in order to learn this ability. They definitely had to be familiar with Shi Yu first. They understood that the pavilion closest to the water enjoyed the moonlight first.

As for someone like Principal Feng, who wasn’t in the mood to be active and had already retired, he looked at Lu Qingyi. He didn’t mind. He’d just let Shi Yu teach this ability to Qingyi. If possible, it would be best if it was before the World Tournament. At that time, Lu Qingyi would be safer in the World Tournament.

“Back to the topic.” Then, President Lin told everyone about the time of the World Archeological Conference. He said, “Those who are interested in representing Dong Huang in the competition and who are interested in joining the archeological team of the seven countries, contact me later.”