Chapter 745 - 745 Another Mythical Resource (4)

745 Another Mythical Resource (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

How did he do it?

“What a coincidence… Today.”

“Perhaps it’s because we have mastered higher-level dream entry, dream stealing, and materialization methods. We didn’t rely on Mechanic methods, but found another way, so it’s more smooth,” Shi Yu said. “We made some modifications to Emperor Shi’s dream meditation skills.”

“It can make the effect of entering a dream better.”

“Improvement?” President Lin’s expression was complicated. Wait a minute, it was a time meditation technique used to detect traces of time and could even enter dreams through traces of time. That was a top-notch meditation technique developed by the most mysterious legendary Beast Tamer, Emperor Shi. It was improved just like that?

The other members of Bureau 11 were also stunned.

The others didn’t understand, but Lu Qingyi quickly reacted with a complicated expression. The so-called modification… could it be to use the Beast Tamer who assisted pets also master super Psychic power himself?

“Yes, but the dream fragment of the Kirin fossil is severely incomplete. There’s too little useful information. We might have to study it in depth to find valuable information. President Lin, why don’t you bring me the Mythical fossil in the fourth bureau to study it first? Perhaps we can find some valuable information to participate in the archeological event,” Shi Yu said confidently.

F*ck…

When Shi Yu finished speaking, the other members of Bureau 11 were still stunned. They felt that this kid was ridiculous.

As for President Lin, he also knew that Shi Yu wasn’t someone who bragged. He nodded and said, “I understand. I’ll immediately inform the fourth bureau to send you that Mythical fossil.”

Upon hearing that, Shi Yu was excited. After all, the Mythical fossil might contain quasi divine skills.

He didn’t know what divine beast that Mythical fossil was left behind… It seemed to be said that Dong Huang didn’t know the origin of this fossil either.

Sigh, after going around in circles, he still had to rely on himself.

Shi Yu felt very busy, while the other members of Bureau 11 were endlessly silent. They could already predict how the fourth bureau would cry for their parents. If what Shi Yu said was true, then this time, it was equivalent to Shi Yu using archeological methods to crush the scientific research methods of the fourth bureau.

The other party would definitely be extremely shocked by Shi Yu’s progress.

“Shi Yu, how did you modify the time meditation technique?” Grandma Li, who also knew the time meditation technique’s dream entry skill, couldn’t wait to ask.

As for Shi Yu, he didn’t plan to hide the fact that he had obtained the Talent Bead from An Chang and developed superpowers.

In that case, he would reveal the fact that he had developed superpowers to these seniors first.

These seniors from Bureau 11 with the gift of telepathy should be the ones who needed superpowers the most.

Principal Feng and Grandma Li were familiar with him, just like Senior Lu. They definitely had to be taught first.

“It’s very simple.”

Shi Yu simply applied for permission to broadcast something. In the next moment, Shi Yu’s figure also appeared in the video in the conference room.

“I discovered that as long as Beast Tamers also master Psychic power with extraordinary proficiency, the spiritual-type pets that use the Dream Stealing skill to complete the mental connection will have a better effect if they use Emperor Shi’s Time Meditation Technique to enter the dream fossil together.”

Huh?

No one reacted.

In the next moment.

“That’s it…” In the video, Shi Yu shouted for Ling to insert an image of himself fighting the Void Mantis just now.

In the scene, almost corporeal spiritual power formed a blue outline around Shi Yu.

A terrifying spiritual power wave bloomed from Shi Yu’s body.

As spatial ripples flashed, a pitch-black mantis holding a black saber descended in front of Shi Yu!

Everyone present recognized this living historical figure. This was… the secondary pet of the Space Emperor that had broken through to the overlord level, the overlord Void Mantis!

Shi Yu was fighting it?

Looking at the posture of the Void Mantis’s attack, everyone in the conference room felt their hearts skip a beat.

However, what shocked them even more was the next second.

Shi Yu seemed to have turned into a spiritual-type human-type ferocious beast close to the totem level. His eyes were filled with infinitely deep blue spiritual power. As the Void Mantis descended, Shi Yu raised his arm and aimed his palm at the Void Mantis.

In the next moment, Shi Yu squeezed his palm. The Void Mantis was directly controlled by its spiritual power with a shocked expression. Its entire body was unable to break free. As Shi Yu swung his arm again, with a boom, the Void Mantis was sent flying by the spiritual power like a blue meteor!!

“This…”

Seeing Shi Yu use his spiritual power to defeat the overlord-level Void Mantis with his bare hands, everyone watching the video revealed incredulous expressions.

This was what Shi Yu claimed to be very simple? As long as the Beast Tamer also mastered Psychic power with extraordinary proficiency?!