Chapter 744 - 744 Another Mythical Resource (3)

744 Another Mythical Resource (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Whichever country that made a huge contribution to the human race of the alliance would see these resources distributed to the factions with the most results first. It was a rule jointly established by everyone at the start of the Seven Nation Alliance.

Obviously, because of the World Tournament, the Seven Nation Alliance planned to take out a portion of resources as a reward and encourage the seven countries to share important information about the Mythical Era and the totem era that had been explored.

So that was the case.

As soon as President Lin finished speaking, everyone from Bureau 11 immediately understood the reason for his meeting.

He wanted some members of Bureau 11 to represent Dong Huang to participate in this archeological event and join the joint archeological team of the seven countries.

Although one or two legendary resources were dispensable to Dong Huang, Mythical resources were rare treasures even for the seven countries.

Just like the Undying Fruit Shi Yu had obtained previously, any country that obtained it would have a legendary strengthening of the country’s strength.

If the Undying Fruit was obtained by the Seven Islands and eaten by their legendary Valkyrie, who would dare to underestimate a legendary battle power that could live for two lifetimes? To a large extent, it could allow the Seven Islands to prosper for another thousand years!

“Do we have any new discoveries about the Mythical Era that are very important and can affect the future situation and share important information?”

At this moment, as President Lin finished speaking, the members of Bureau 11 fell into deep thought.

Mythical and legendary resources were definitely not that easy to obtain.

If he wasn’t wrong, if he wanted to obtain Mythical resources, he definitely had to take out important information about the Mythical Era that could allow the seven countries to benefit together.

The information of the totem era might not even be qualified.

At this moment, Shi Yu was slightly stunned when he heard President Lin finish speaking. An archeological event in Rongguang?

He could use this opportunity to hatch an egg at Rongguang.

After hatching, he would go to Inatella to participate in the world competition.

Before that, it was to go to Tingxiang to complete the three thirds of the progress.

As for this archeological event with rich rewards, Shi Yu pondered for a moment. His archeological achievements seemed to be from the Beast Taming Era. Emperor Shi, Emperor Wu, Empress, Space Emperor… didn’t seem to be qualified to participate in this archeological event? Wait…

Shi Yu was stunned. Suddenly, his eyes lit up. Mechanical phantom beast, Mythical Kirin! He had almost forgotten about the great invention of the mechanical phantom beast system that went from the Mythical Era to the totem era to the Beast Taming Era.

Just now, he had just “revived” the Wind Kirin.

If Shi Yu wasn’t wrong, the Mythical Era should have suffered some kind of calamity. At the moment, people were completely unaware of this calamity, but it could be displayed in the Wind Kirin’s dream.

Unfortunately, the information provided in the dream was too little. He didn’t know if teaching Ling Mythical Revival more could restore it more clearly.

What about using the memory water drop?

If only there were more Mythical creatures’ dreams to reference. At that time, he and Buggy could understand the truth through entering dreams.

If he could find the reason for the calamity of the Mythical Era, the details would be worth a Mythical resource no matter what.

Speaking of which, was there still a fossil from the Mythical Era that he had yet to develop in the fourth bureau? Shi Yu thought for a moment. It was a little wasteful to give it to the fourth bureau to study. It was better to quickly come over and study it himself. After all, his superpower, together with Buggy’s max-level dream stealing and Ling’s research, should be more efficient than the fourth bureau.

At the thought of this, the transparent Shi Yu, who had been silent just now, said, “President Lin, I’ve successfully modified the Wind Kirin Phantom of the Mythical Era into a mechanical phantom beast.”

“The dream memories of such Mythical creatures should also be archeological information, right?”

As Shi Yu finished speaking, the entire conference room suddenly fell silent.

A moment later.

Principal Feng was extremely stunned. “Wait, what did you say?”

“That Mythical Kirin fossil has successfully revived?!!”

Grandma Li was also shocked. “Shi Yu, really? When did this happen?”

Legend Ke: “F*ck… Did I hear wrongly? Really?”

The conference room of Bureau 11 was shocked.

In a courtyard, Lu Qingyi, who was with Principal Feng, was slightly stunned when she heard Shi Yu’s words.

It really succeeded?

The mechanical phantom beast system Shi Yu studied at the Mechanical Conference could undoubtedly be related to archeology.

Among them, Shi Yu had even exaggerated at the scene, saying that with the mechanical phantom beast system, he could revive divine beasts one day!!

Regarding this, the archeologists and Mechanics of Bureau 11 and the fourth bureau were undoubtedly very excited when they heard it.

They were so excited that they exploded.

However, after the joint research of Bureau 11 and the fourth bureau, they realized that Shi Yu was really just making a big show.

It was already difficult enough to revive extinct creatures from the totem era. The chances of reviving creatures from the Mythical Era that were at least billions of years ago were extremely small. Even if it was possible, it might take hundreds of years of research.

The traces of time contained in the Mythical fossil were too complicated.

At that point, the archeological big shots of Bureau 11 could only sigh slightly.

They didn’t know if he could wait until that day.

But today, Shi Yu said that he had successfully revived the biological fossils of the Mythical Era?

How was this possible!

“Shi Yu, is what you said true? When did this happen?” President Lin’s expression was also solemn. He naturally knew this about the analysis of the fourth bureau, that there was nothing he could do about it. After all, no research could be done overnight. However, Shi Yu actually exceeded the progress of the fourth bureau so much with his own strength?