Chapter 757 - 757 The First Quasi Divine Skill In The Team (5)

757 The First Quasi Divine Skill in the Team (5)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Even if the Dragon God discovered it, nothing would happen.

However, the situation was a little different this time.

Dragon God Palace.

At this moment, apart from the peerless Dragon God, there was actually a humanoid woman whose appearance was not inferior to the Dragon God.

She had sharp ears, long green hair that draped over her shoulders, golden eyes, a queen-shaped baby face, a delicate figure, skin, and huge natural charm. Her aura was extremely transcendent.

“Tian, a little guy seemed to have passed by your palace just now,” the green-haired woman said lazily.

“Don’t worry about it.” The Dragon God shook her head and also discovered the passing worm.

She understood that Shi Yu had come to Dragon Palace City again.

She had indeed given Shi Yu and Buggy the right to visualize and cultivate at the Dragon God Statue.

“A butterfly… And among monarchs, it’s considered very strong. It shouldn’t be a member of your Dragon Palace City, right?”

“Well, a pet of a human junior from Dong Huang.”

“Syl, continue talking about what happened just now.” The Dragon God looked at the Elven Empress from Tingxiang, an expert who was also a demigod-level life form like her.

Very few people knew that the Dragon God and the Elven Queen, Sylphra, were actually good friends.

“Alright, but I really didn’t expect your Dragon Palace City to choose not to participate in this world competition. I thought you would cooperate with Dong Huang.” Sylphra smiled.

“Since you’re not participating, help me. Let the few young people in our Tingxiang come to your Dragon Palace City to train and accumulate experience dealing with the dragons. Or you can let your overlords travel to Tingxiang. I’ll treat them well.”

The reason why the Dragon God and the Elven Empress had a good relationship was also because their relationship with the Western totem faction, the Dragon Empire, was not very good.

As for why the relationship between Tingxiang and the Dragon Empire was not good, it was because the Western legend said that the legendary Beast Tamer, the Dragon Hunter, was from Tingxiang…

The main reason why the Elven Empress descended this time was to discuss with her good friend about the Mythical Era that might approach next…

….

Two days later.

In the legendary ruins of Shi Yu’s palace.

Shi Yu looked at the gradually disappearing cooldown time and heaved a sigh of relief.

Then, he looked at the Cube in front of him.

At this moment, Ling analyzed and said, “According to calculations, the first qualitative change will occur when Mythical Revival reaches expert level.”

“It’s very likely to make the dream memory clearer, and it’s very likely to awaken the quasi-divine skill, Wind Blessing.”

“Stop talking, come on!”

Shi Yu couldn’t wait anymore. He directly pinched the cube in front of him and started to add points!!

Ling’s analysis was right. After adding points this time, the recovery of the divine power in its body was even stronger than before!!

As he was immersed in endless pain, Ling sensed the change in the Kirin fossil…

Soon, an incomparably huge surprise appeared in Ling and Shi Yu’s minds.

Quasi-divine skill, Wind Blessing, awakening!!!

As Shi Yu upgraded the Mythical Revival skill to expert level, the quasi-divine skill, the Wind Blessing that Ling couldn’t awaken when it evolved previously, was finally going to awaken this time!

Both Shi Yu and Ling were extremely excited. They knew what this meant.

This meant that Ling could directly jump from a quasi Mythical race to a Mythical race and obtain potential comparable to those demigods.

When it awakened the Wind Blessing, Ling directly returned to its Wind Kirin form. Its perfect form appeared again. The entire legendary ruin was affected by it at this moment. The sky and ground were white, and a light breeze circled. At this moment, Eleven, Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong, Susu, and the others, who were also in the legendary ruin, had their expressions suddenly change as they sensed the suppression from their bloodlines.

Even at this moment, the Tyrant Dragon, the Duckbill Beast, and even An Chang and the others in the ruins widened their eyes in shock. They sensed indescribable and indescribable power fluctuations that enveloped the world, making it difficult to breathe.

Dong…

At this moment, it was as if the legendary ruins had trembled, and an incomparably deep sound of worldly laws appeared. The spatial power and natural power in the space were all suppressed, and it was no different from the abnormality of the quasi-divine skill described by Senior Ji Mengzhu.

In fact, forget about the legendary ruins, even the few islands around the island where Shi Yu lived felt an indescribable pressure as Ling awakened its quasi-divine skill and crossed the line to the Mythical race!!

The dragons looked at the sky in shock. This pressure shocked them, even more so than the Dragon Kings’ pressure. Although it wasn’t strong, the texture made some overlord dragons recall some memories.

Yes, this was the feeling when they saw the Dragon God!!!

“Has Lord Dragon God come out of seclusion?” Most of the dragons looked at the sky in shock.

The further away from Shi Yu, the harder it was to sense this divine pressure. However, for true experts, it was not difficult to sense this same power even from countless layers of space.

In the Dragon God Palace, the Dragon God and the Elven Empress were still chatting freely. Suddenly, their expressions changed slightly as they looked into the distance.

“Ah Tian, this is…” Sylphra looked surprised.

The Dragon God also looked confused.

How was that possible?

There were actually creatures in Dragon Palace City who could come into contact with the God Domain like them demigods? Those totem dragon kings? No, with their aptitude, it was impossible.

“There’s a life form that cultivated the prototype of a divine skill in Dragon Palace City!”

The Dragon God and the Elven Empress made a judgment at the same time. However, it didn’t look like a life form had broken through to the demigod level, but like a Mythical cub had descended… The two demigods quickly left the Dragon God Palace. Then, they saw a blue butterfly flying back awkwardly and anxiously… It looked at them…

Buggy: …