Chapter 755 - 755 The First Quasi-Divine Skill In The Team (3)

755 The First Quasi-Divine Skill in the Team (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

With Senior Shi Yu’s strength, it should be easy for him to find an overlord cub.

“Quack.” Now that it had relied on its overlord will and battle experience to break through the racial restrictions, the commander rank duck looked at the new sparring partner Shi Yu had sent and frowned slightly.

“Hello.” An Chang also looked at the Duckbill Beast nervously.

He confirmed that it was an ordinary Duckbill Beast.

However, he didn’t dare to underestimate it. After all, Shi Yu was a very powerful man who could even nurture pets like the Iron-eating Beast, Green Silkworm, Baby Ginseng, and Slime. It was normal for a Duckbill Beast to be very strong.

“Quack!!”

As he couldn’t understand the duck’s words, An Chang quickly took out the top-notch mechanical equipment rewarded by Ancient Capital University, a mechanical equipment that connected ears and eyes like a battle power detector.

This was a type of spiritual sensing equipment that could allow Beast Tamers who couldn’t use telepathy to understand some of the language of transcendent creatures. It was considered a very high-level mechanical equipment. Even master-level Beast Tamers would find it difficult to afford it.

However, Ancient Capital University was rich this year. It could be said to be very generous to geniuses, especially the geniuses Shi Yu had named and taken care of.

“Quack. (You’re An Chang!)” Duck looked at this “weak” human compared to Shi Yu and said.

“Senior Duckbill Beast, I’m An Chang.” An Chang nodded crazily. At the same time, the information about the Duckbill Beast appeared on the lens.

< Name > Duckbill Beast

[Attributes]: Water

[Race Level]: High Transcendent

[Level of Growth]: Commander

[Race Skill]: Water Blade, Heart Strike

Energy Points: 29,998

As expected!

As expected of Senior Shi Yu. Although this second team pet looked ordinary, its growth level had already broken through the racial level restriction. Moreover, as a transcendent race, commander rank, its energy level was already comparable to most commander rank races.

However, he felt that he could fight!

An Chang was especially grateful to Shi Yu at this moment. This was because under the butterfly god’s blessing, his green cocoon had already successfully evolved!

Low-level overlord race, White Star Phoenix Butterfly!

In addition, with the help of the Sea Dragon’s Fusion Talent, it might be able to fight above its level.

The standard of an intermediate Beast Tamer was that they could fight commanders above their level. An Chang had naturally reached it long ago.

Now, as the green cocoon evolved, there was even less pressure.

Moreover, it was mainly because Senior Duck Duck… It looked pretty harmless.

It reminded him of the Imperial Capital roast duck he had just finished eating the day before yesterday.

“Quack! (Then come on!)” Duck was about to vomit from fighting Little Ji and the Green Silkworm cocoon phantom all day.

It was good to change its taste!

Although it felt that An Chang’s strength was not much, Shi Yu had introduced him after all. He shouldn’t be too weak. Duckie thought for a moment and directly entered its second form. It was better to take it more seriously.

In the next moment, it looked at An Chang and its body suddenly increased to two meters!

Its blue skin began to be covered in black, leaving only a portion of dark blue patterns.

At its neck, the black water froze like a ribbon, becoming a scarf-like part that floated behind it.

In just a short moment, the image of the Duckbill Beast changed completely.

The terrifying aura emitted made the originally relaxed An Chang’s expression change drastically.

The Duckbill Beast’s deep red eyes opened and it looked at An Chang. At this moment, An Chang’s spirit seemed to have fallen into an abyss. In an instant, cold sweat flowed out of his entire body. He was so frightened that he took a step back and sensed an extremely terrifying evil aura.

< Name > ???

Energy Points: 74,747

“Quack! (Come, I’ll warm up with my weaker form first and see how your strength is.)”

An Chang: “?”

In the past few months, the duck had been eating the Abyss Reincarnation Bean cultivated by Baby Ginseng. Every time it ate it, it could awaken a portion of the abyss power. At first, it was indeed very difficult to control, but as Baby Ginseng reduced the amount of medicine in the Abyss Reincarnation Bean, and as Susu let the duck understand the full-level cleansing water through the memory water drop, it could gradually control the abyss power in this body.

Therefore, Duckie obtained two new forms. The first was in the current state. It was relatively easy to receive a portion of the power of the abyss. With this state, it could barely fight small opportunities of overlord races and commander ranks.

There was also a final form that received stronger abyssal power, but it was relatively difficult to control. It needed to cooperate with the overlord’s will. It would be extremely tired after the battle, so Duckie rarely used it. Most importantly, it couldn’t defeat the green cocoon phantom even if it used it.

Although it had only received a portion of the abyssal power now, it depended on whose abyssal power it was. In its previous life, as a demigod expert, Duckie’s aura was still very terrifying, immediately making An Chang a little absent-minded.

It condensed a black water spear and stabbed it into the ground, indicating that the boy opposite should quickly send out his pet.

“Wait, wait, Senior Duckbill Beast, what are you doing?”

“If you’re teaching newbies, isn’t that initial form enough…”

An Chang panicked. Why could the Duckbill Beast still transform? As expected, the textbooks weren’t trustworthy.

Duckie: “?”

….

At this moment, Shi Yu had already shouted for Ling to transform into its Kirin form and fly ten thousand meters in the sky.

Shi Yu originally wanted to enter the ruins and arrange for Duckie to fight An Chang, but as a busy person, he had never been free.

Just as he was about to set off for Dragon Palace City, he received a call from the Tyrannical Sea Legend.

“Senior Yu, what’s wrong?”

Tyrannical Sea Legend: “Legend Ji Xiang of the Phoenix Court of the Seven Islands Phoenix God Shrine and Legend Jie Yi of the Phoenix Court are coming to Dong Huang in a while. They should want to see you. Are you free?”