Chapter 753 - 753 The First Quasi Divine Skill In The Team (1)

753 The First Quasi Divine Skill in the Team (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Shi Yu ignored Zhou Ming and continued recuperating.

With a nourishing meal, if it went smoothly, he could teach Ling the Mythical Revival skill tonight.

At this moment, he didn’t plan to stay idle. He took out his phone and called his lucky star, An Chang.

“Senior Shi Yu!”

Ever since he gave the memory water drop to An Chang before going to the Seven Islands, Shi Yu had never paid attention to him.

An Chang had always wanted to thank Shi Yu in person, but unfortunately, he couldn’t find Shi Yu.

This time, Shi Yu called. An Chang was very excited.

“Little An, how’s the situation recently? Are you a high-level Beast Tamer?”

“Ah, this.” An Chang was a little stunned. How could it be so fast? He was only in his first year.

“Senior Shi Yu, I’m already an intermediate Beast Tamer, but I’m still a little short of a high-level Beast Tamer…”

“Well…” Shi Yu fell into deep thought and said,” What about the pet situation? ”

An Chang immediately said, “It’s all thanks to your dragon blood, Senior. Although I’m only level three and the Sea Dragon is only at the transcendent level, after we fuse, it’s easy for us to defeat ordinary commander-level pets.”

His tone was filled with joy as he said, “And the Green Silkworm has also successfully evolved. It used the super proficient worm silk to evolve into a Green Silkworm cocoon. Its growth level has also reached the transcendent level. It shouldn’t be long before it can break out of the cocoon and become a butterfly.”

“By the way, the evolution materials are the recommended ones for the White Star Phoenix Butterfly evolution path researched by Dr. Zuo.”

“On the basis of the low-level monarch race’s White Star Butterfly, there are additional phoenix materials.”

“I haven’t contracted the third pet, but Principal Feng has already contacted me and said that he wants to give me a talented Iron-eating beast cub.”

Shi Yu said, “Not bad. Are you free recently?”

“I’m free. Senior, what’s the matter? By the way, I haven’t thanked you for that water drop…” After An Chang obtained Shi Yu’s Worm Silk Memory Water in the Heroic Ruins, he could be said to be extremely shocked.

Originally, his Green Silkworm Silk proficiency was transcendent and was already very rare. However, after using this memory water drop, the worm silk proficiency actually continued to increase. In the end, it even reached another realm.

This also made his Green Silkworm magical during the evolution process. Its life force and energy value had a qualitative leap.

If it broke out of the cocoon… He didn’t dare to think about it.

This was definitely a super treasure.

“It’s good that you’re free. Let me introduce you to a friend. Go and find it to help evolve the Green Silkworm cocoon now. Then, in a few days, come to Dragon Palace City with me. I’ll arrange some training missions for you. Try to become a high-level Beast Tamer before school starts in your second year.”

After hearing Shi Yu’s words, An Chang was slightly stunned. Senior Shi Yu wanted to personally arrange a training mission for him?

In an instant, An Chang was extremely excited. He had also seen the updated Sequence ranking just now. He still believed in the value of Shi Yu, the number one person below the legendary level and the national champion.

“Alright.” An Chang nodded heavily.

Shi Yu also nodded. The Awakening Mirror and Talent Bead An Chang took out played a crucial role in the entire development of Dong Huang. One was the mechanical phantom beast system, and the other was the superpower system. Shi Yu had already decided that even if he used resources, it would pile him to the legend level.

After the Butterfly God and the Sea Dragon King helped build the foundation for the pet, Shi Yu didn’t believe that he couldn’t nurture a Beast Tamer with legend potential.

Next, Shi Yu provided the location of the butterfly god’s habitat to An Chang and let him find it himself. As for helping it evolve, Shi Yu had already informed the butterfly god in advance.

Although for ordinary Beast Tamers, even Shi Yu of Bureau 11 at that time, the daughter of a legend, Xia Qingwei, had to wait for a specific time for the Butterfly Meeting to help evolve. However, with Shi Yu’s current situation, it was definitely easy for the Butterfly God to help. The Butterfly God would also give him face.

After all, Shi Yu… had already shattered one totem. In addition to a series of achievements, it was very difficult for the butterfly god not to treat Shi Yu as a figure of the same level.

After arranging for An Chang to leave, Shi Yu received a call from Director Zhong in the eighth bureau.

As soon as the call was picked up, Director Zhong’s chuckle came from the other side. “Shi Yu, did you see Zhou Ming’s challenge at the Sequence ranking?”

“I did.”

“Why don’t you accept it…”

Shi Yu said, “In any case, I’ve already taken all my rewards. If Senior Zhou Ming is willing to snatch the top five, so be it. Why should I join in the fun?”

Director Zhong: “?”

Why was this kid like this? He didn’t want to fight for the top five if there were no resources! He still had fame!

Director Zhong’s old face immediately fell. He had a headache. He didn’t expect Shi Yu to not follow the routine.

“Didn’t Lu Qingyi also break through to the legend level? Let the two of them fight. Whoever wins will get fifth place. I won’t join in the fun,” Shi Yu said with a smile.

The treatment he received for taking the legendary resources in advance had already exceeded first place. What else was there to think about? Unless the Sequence Competition Committee said that first place could get two legendary resources and not just the priority choice, he might go and fight for first place.

“I…” Director Zhong sighed and gritted his teeth.” I understand. ”

Obviously, he couldn’t do anything to Shi Yu either. After all, Shi Yu didn’t even care about the ranking, so he couldn’t force Shi Yu to accept the challenge.

After hanging up, Shi Yu stretched. It was easy not to pursue anything. If this were Heavenly King Zou, he would definitely be obsessed again.

In the next few days, Shi Yu stayed at Ancient Capital University as usual to relax. He even gathered with Master Qu Jie. Although he was a little traumatized by Shi Yu, he was grateful that Shi Yu had saved his daughter. Master Qu Jie was also sincere. In short, he didn’t suffer those beatings for nothing.