Chapter 759 - 759 The Power Of A Quasi Divine Skill (2)

759 The Power of a Quasi Divine Skill (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

At the same time, Buggy also reminded that apart from the Dragon God, there was also a beautiful sister who looked very, very strong.

It looked… like an elf.

Shi Yu had a headache and felt that it was troublesome. After all, there was such a big reaction to awakening a quasi-divine skill through a legendary ruin. No matter what, he had to find a wilderness to awaken before coming to Dragon Palace City.

However, it wasn’t a big problem. The Dragon God was one of them, and even the Kirin fossil was from Dragon Palace City. This time, Ling could directly acknowledge them as family.

Shi Yu was excited!

….

In the outside world.

Spatial ripples appeared. Shi Yu directly came out of the legendary sealed ruins and looked at the Dragon God in the sky and the beautiful big sister mentioned by Buggy.

She was indeed very beautiful… She was the only existence Shi Yu had seen whose appearance was not inferior to the Dragon God.

In an instant, Shi Yu determined the other party’s identity.

“Senior Dragon God…”

“Elven Empress?!”

Shi Yu was rather shocked. He didn’t expect the legendary of Tingxiang to appear in Dragon Palace City.

The Elven Empress was a half-elf. Her human bloodline dominated. Not only did she master extraordinary abilities, but she could also open up the Beast Taming Space and contract pets like human Beast Tamers. She could be said to be very powerful.

“Just now, your pet awakened a quasi-divine skill, right?” The Dragon God slowly landed on the ground and said to Shi Yu.

“Can you summon it and take a look?”

Shi Yu hesitated for a moment. He didn’t know the relationship between the Elven Empress and the Dragon God, but from the looks of it, the Dragon God didn’t care that the Elven Empress was beside him.

It seemed that the relationship between Dong Huang and Tingxiang was not bad. In that case, Shi Yu nodded. A purple summoning array appeared. Accompanied by a green and white whirlwind, a white creature with a deer-like body and a light and slender body slowly appeared.

At that moment, when they saw this creature, its sheep head, deer body, and dragon tail, as well as its elegant and beautiful body that was like the embodiment of wind, the expressions of the Dragon God and the Elven Empress changed slightly.

The reason why the Dragon God and the Elven Empress had a good relationship was also related to the fact that they were both wind-element life forms. Others might be unfamiliar with the creature in front of them, but for transcendent life forms like them, who stood at the top of the wind-element, they instantly saw the wind laws lingering around it through Ling’s Kirin form.

“Mythical race, Wind Kirin!” At this moment, the Elven Empress was the first to speak in disbelief.

She was shocked to the extreme. How was this possible? Didn’t the Kirin Race… go completely extinct in the Mythical Era?

Of course, at this moment, the Dragon God was also extremely confused. Wait a minute, why wasn’t it that Blue Sea Sprite?!

Where did this Wind Kirin come from!!!

This was completely different from what she had judged just now!

The Dragon God was silent for a moment. Fortunately, she didn’t say too much to Sylphra just now.

“Wu…” The two demigods were shocked. The worm in the sky was also shocked with tears in its eyes. It also sensed Ling’s current strength.

This didn’t make sense.

As the last pet to enter the team, how could it be so strong!

< Name > Ling

[Race]: Mechanical Beast

[Race Level]: Low-level Mythical

[Level of Growth]: Monarch level

[Race Skill]:

“Super Level”: Wind Element Control (Expert+11), Divine Net (Expert+11), Turning Misfortune into Luck (Expert), Wind Spirit Bead (Initiate)

“Quasi God-level Skill”: Wind Blessing (Initiate)

[Teaching Skill]:

“Super Level”: Mythical Revival (Expert)

Energy Points: 20.02 million

“Wu…!!” What was this surprise? Buggy had tears in its eyes. It felt that the team was getting more and more uncomfortable.

“Wind Kirin?” The Dragon God also followed the Elven Empress and looked at Shi Yu.

“No, it’s not completely a Wind Kirin,” Shi Yu said. “This is a mechanical phantom beast we developed with the Wind Kirin fossil through the power of imagination, the power of time, the power of life and death, and the power of machinery.”

“Compared to the true Mythical race, the Wind Kirin, it should still be lacking in some aspects.”

Dragon God: “?”

The Elven Empress: “?”

“You’re Shi Yu.” At this moment, the Elven Empress of Tingxiang finally knew who this young man in front of her was.

During this period, there were also exchanges between Dong Huang and Tingxiang.

In Tingxiang, although the mechanical field was far inferior to countries like Shen Feng, Dong Huang, and Xue Yuan, as the current strongest department, Mechanics were also paid attention to no matter where they were.

The Elven Empress naturally knew that a genius Mechanic from Dong Huang had researched the mechanical phantom beast system.

However, she didn’t expect that the genius Mechanic was the young man in front of her who was in the Dragon Palace and had contracted a Mythical race.

The mechanical phantom beast system… could actually revive the extinct myth?!

Originally, Tingxiang valued the mechanical phantom beast system, but the Elven Empress never expected this technology to be ridiculous to this extent.

“You’ve mastered the ability to revive myths?” The Dragon God realized that she had still underestimated this human young man who had contracted the Blue Sea Sprite Reincarnation.

She had witnessed the growth of the Dragon Emperor, the Space Emperor, the mechanical legendary, the evolution legendary, and many other Dong Huang legendaries along the way. At this moment, the Dragon God felt that she was about to witness a new legendary star slowly rising.

Dong Huang’s luck was really powerful.

A Beast Tamer with legendary aptitude would appear in every era.

Even when Shi Yu had contracted the Blue Sea Sprite Reincarnation, he didn’t manage to give the Dragon God any greater shock than this.