Chapter 751 - 751 Unlucky Person (2)

751 Unlucky Person (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Because the Wind Kirin’s growth level was not high, even if the fossil it left behind was preserved by Dragon Palace City, its energy had already disappeared.

However, this fossil that also came from the Mythical Era still had level-five energy fluctuations after so long. It definitely couldn’t be as simple as a divine beast cub.

There was an 80% chance that it was a Mythical big boss when he was alive!

Shi Yu and Buggy still wanted to continue researching when another call came.

When Shi Yu saw the caller ID, he was immediately amused and chose to answer.

“Shi Yu, I’ve considered it. I want to become a hybrid of the Phoenix Race.” On the other side, Zhang Qianyi’s voice came from Shi Yu’s batch of Beast Tamers.

“Have you considered it? Alright, then contact Lu Qingyi.”

Zhang Qianyi: …

Didn’t this guy ask him to contact him?

Why did it become someone else after just a day?

Then why didn’t he let her contact Senior Lu directly…

Shi Yu had already thrown the Phoenix Fruits, research data, cultivation method, and Phoenix Radar to Senior Lu and Principal Feng at the meal yesterday.

He just had to wait for the Phoenix Army to take shape.

“Oh right, Senior Lu seems to be carrying out the legend assessment today. If no one picks up, wait. Don’t worry, you can also go to Principal Feng, but maybe Principal Feng also went to see the legend assessment…”

Zhang Qianyi: …

After Shi Yu brushed off the young lady here, he continued to be busy. He was also thinking if he should go and take a look at his senior’s legend assessment…

Forget it, the legend assessment wasn’t difficult. It wasn’t worth watching.

Senior Lu shouldn’t feel any pressure to pass.

A legend Beast Tamer license required the Beast Tamer’s Beast Taming level to reach level seven, and a pet’s growth level to reach the overlord level. At the same time, this overlord-level pet couldn’t be too weak. With the help of the Beast Tamer, it couldn’t be justified for it to be weaker than ordinary overlords without the enhancement of the Beast Taming Talent.

Therefore, the legendary assessment was a 1VS1 between overlords.

They weren’t expected to win, but one couldn’t be too lousy either.

For example, the “Earth Abyss Demon Tree” Shi Yu had encountered previously would definitely not be able to pass Dong Huang’s legend assessment.

Under normal circumstances, it wouldn’t be easy for Senior Lu either.

Because her pet that broke through to overlord was the Courtyard Sprite, and the Courtyard Sprite was her latest contracted pet. It had never received the “Mythical Revival” skill inheritance.

The reason why this pet was the first to break through was because Senior Lu had obtained the legendary undead resources of Ancient Capital University and could be used by the Courtyard Sprite.

Considering the practicality of the possession skill of the Courtyard Sprite, it could make up for her shortcoming of not having battle power and not being able to cooperate with her pet. Lu Qingyi simply didn’t use this resource to exchange for other legendary resources.

However, that was a normal situation. The situation was abnormal now. Shi Yu firmly believed that Senior Lu could pass because he had given Lu Qingyi a drop of memory water. It was enough to increase the proficiency of the possession skill to Dao Proficiency.

An overlord-level sprite, undead, and a legendary Beast Tamer. The two combined through max-level possession. Even if their battle power couldn’t compare to a top-notch overlord, they could definitely suppress ordinary overlords.

The enhancement of max-level possession was much stronger than the enhancement of a Beast Tamer’s pet with a strengthening talent.

However, Shi Yu heard that the one who gave Senior Lu the assessment was Master Qu Jie, who had obtained an overlord-level partner… This was very coincidental.

“It’s all thanks to me…” Shi Yu sighed!

As noon approached, Shi Yu gave up studying fossils and stopped wasting his energy. If he wasted any more energy, he really wouldn’t have time to teach Ling Mythical Revival.

Shi Yu was just about to pick up the phone to ask Senior Lu and the others about the assessment when Lu Qingyi called Shi Yu first.

“How is it?” Shi Yu asked.

“I passed. It’s all thanks to your possession memory water drop. Otherwise, I’m afraid I wouldn’t have been able to win this battle.” Lu Qingyi was extremely happy and thanked him.

Shi Yu coughed. There was no requirement to win the legend assessment. Usually, one would pass after fighting for an hour or two without a winner. It was very rare for new legends to defeat the examiner at once, but from the looks of it, Senior Lu had done it.

Master Qu Jie’s new overlord partner didn’t look good.

Could it be at the level of the Prediction Owl?

“What did Master Qu Jie say?”

“He seems to be very shocked. I didn’t expect my strength to increase so much after I entered the possession state.”

“Haha, then what did you say…”

“It’s all thanks to you, which is what I told Master Qu Jie.” Lu Qingyi smiled. Shi Yu had indeed taught her well. No, the resources provided were very good!

“This…” Shi Yu said,” Then? ”

“Then… Then, Master Qu Jie was expressionless and didn’t say anything. He just wanted to treat you to a meal tonight to thank you for saving Qu Ling in the Heavenly Fox Nation…”

Shi Yu scratched his head. Was it sincere?

….

The news of Lu Qingyi passing the legend assessment was announced very quickly.

The assessment she passed in the morning had already been announced to the outside world by the Dong Huang Association at noon.

This news undoubtedly caused a stir in Dong Huang’s Beast Taming Domain again.

Six!!

There were already six legend Beast Tamers in the top ten of the Sequence.

In the world competition more than 20 years ago, Dong Huang had only gathered three legends under the age of 30.

And 20 years later, the number actually doubled.

The sect master of the Binhai Training Hall, Zheng Hai, had just broken through to the legendary level when Lu Qingyi followed closely behind, making the Beast Tamers’ gazes focus on the Sequence ranking again.

Wu Ling City.

White Brook looked at the battle picture of Lu Qingyi in her sprite form on the headlines. She couldn’t wait. So beautiful! So beautiful! Damn it, she couldn’t keep up with Senior Lu’s progress anymore. What should she do?