Chapter 756 - 756 The First Quasi Divine Skill In The Team (4)

756 The First Quasi Divine Skill in the Team (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Shi Yu had a bitter expression. Why didn’t he say so in advance?

He was about to go to Dragon Palace City.

“Wait, the Phoenix Court’s Jie Yi also passed the legend assessment?” Shi Yu discovered the problem.

The Tyrannical Sea Legend said, “Probably. She became the new legend of the Seven Islands. Therefore, it wasn’t easy for them to come to Dong Huang this time. The Seven Islands gave many obstructions. Perhaps because the incident of ‘Red God’ attacking the Phoenix Divine Master at that time also made the Phoenix God Society have some ill feelings towards the Seven Islands, so Dong Huang’s intention is to see if they can persuade the two of them to bring the Phoenix God Society to join Dong Huang.”

“As the designated heir of the Phoenix Mystic Realm, you might have a way.”

Dong Huang had always welcomed the immigration of such high-end talents. Even the other countries were poaching each other. Of course, if it were those lazy and useless foreign trash Beast Tamers who liked to point fingers, Dong Huang naturally wouldn’t accept it. If anyone could enter, Dong Huang wouldn’t be the number one country now.

Shi Yu was vexed and said, “Well… Let them be guests in the ancient capital first. Senior Lu and Principal Feng know the history mentioned by the Undying Dark Phoenix. Let them receive them first. I’m going to Dragon Palace City now. I have something to do. I’ll go back after I’m done.”

“Sure, they haven’t come yet anyway.” The Tyrannical Sea Legend nodded. This time, the two legends of the Phoenix Court shouldn’t leave in the short term.

After chatting for a while, Shi Yu and the Tyrannical Sea Legend ended the call. Then, Shi Yu fell into deep thought.

The Phoenix Shrine really came.

He just didn’t know if Dong Huang could be deceived.

Forget it.

Shi Yu entered the ruins, but the moment he entered, he saw the normal duck revealing a lonely expression as an expert, as well as An Chang, the Sea Dragon, and the White Star Phoenix Butterfly lying on the ground covered in injuries like a dead dog.

“Wu…” An Chang lay on the ground with his hands and feet twitching, his face filled with sorrow. Why, why was this Duckbill Beast so strong after returning to its normal state? It was different from the commander rank it had fought before with about 30,000 energy points!!

It was as if it had experienced hundreds of battles and was extremely experienced, like a master playing with a child.

“Quack… (After fusing with the pet, this guy can’t fight as well as Shi Yu could by himself…)” The duck sighed.

It looked like it had overestimated this kid.

“Looks like your cultivation isn’t good enough…” Shi Yu looked at An Chang and fell into deep thought. Why couldn’t he even defeat pets that had never been given points? This couldn’t do. When he arrived at Dragon Palace City, he had to train well.

….

Dragon Palace City.

First, they flew in the air on Ling, then dived into the sea through Susu. It didn’t take Shi Yu and the others long to arrive here.

Previously, if he wanted to come to Dragon Palace City, Shi Yu either had to let the Tyrannical Sea Legend bring him or the gem cat. But now, he himself had the ability to come to Dragon Palace City.

Dragon Palace City didn’t know at all that Shi Yu had come to Dragon Palace City this time. He didn’t inform them in advance, so when he arrived, the Dragon Palace army in charge of guarding the mystic realm of Dragon Palace City was very shocked. They didn’t expect Minister Shi Yu to come at this time.

However, Shi Yu was also considered a higher-up of Dragon Palace City. He even had his own palace in Dragon Palace City. Coming to Dragon Palace City was like coming to his home. He loved this place very much.

After entering Dragon Palace City, Shi Yu was not in a hurry to go home. Instead, he visited Mother Dragon first.

“Why are you here, kid!”

In the Ice Dragon Palace, the frost dragon looked at Shi Yu with disdain.

Nothing good would happen when Shi Yu came.

“I missed you, so I came to take a look,” Shi Yu said with a smile.

“Stop being cheeky. If you have something to say, let it go quickly. It’s delaying my cultivation,” Ice Dragon said.

“It’s not a big deal. I just want to go to Tingxiang to play for a few days later. Mother Dragon, isn’t your hometown over there? Do you want to travel for a few days? The gem cat will also go.”

The frost dragon was just about to refuse and say that it wasn’t free, but it suddenly recalled Shi Yu’s gains on the Seven Islands.

One Mythical and two Legendary!

Back then, when Shi Yu went to the Seven Islands, he had also invited it. It rejected him and regretted it later. After all, Shi Yu’s ability to find resources was top-notch.

This time… Shi Yu was going to Tingxiang to cause trouble again?

“Well, let me think. I’ll give you an answer later,” the frost dragon said, not in a hurry to refuse.

“Alright.” Shi Yu smiled and said, “I still have something to do with Senior Sea Dragon King. Then I’ll go over there first.”

“Go, go, go.”

Next, Shi Yu came to the Sea Dragon King’s Dragon Palace, but he was told by the Turtle Prime Minister that the Sea Dragon King had brought the little white dragon out to train… But he should be back in the next two days.

Shi Yu : “…”

What else could Shi Yu do? He could only wait.

This time, he returned to his palace in Dragon Palace City.

As for An Chang, he was in the ruins. It wasn’t a big problem to let the Duckbill Beast and Little Ji train for two days.

With him providing supplements and recovery items and being able to cultivate in the ruins, the effect would not be bad.

Then, when the Sea Dragon King returned, it would help the Sea Dragon purify its bloodline and evolve. It would be enough.

Shi Yu recuperated again and waited for the next Mythical Revival to add points. Only Buggy was released by Shi Yu and was sent to the Dragon God Statue in the Dragon God Ruins to cultivate.

At the moment, Shi Yu and Buggy were the only “outsiders” allowed by the Dragon God to go to the Dragon God Ruins through the Dragon God Palace. It wasn’t the first time Buggy had gone over itself, so it wasn’t a big problem.