Chapter 750 - 750 Unlucky Person (1)

750 Unlucky Person (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The next day.

Shi Yu woke up in a daze.

He looked at the time. It was not even eight in the morning. It was still early.

He could still sleep for eight more hours.

However, when he recalled that he had to get a delivery at eight this morning, he had no choice but to get up.

Soon, Shi Yu went out. Soon, he brought back the Mythical fossil researched by the Star Capital Mechanical Beast Research Institute.

The delivery team was Dr. Mei and her daughter.

Although Dr. Mei and the others wanted to talk to Shi Yu in detail, there didn’t seem to be anything to talk about. This was because the progress of the Mechanic class was similar to that of the Star Capital Research Institute. There was nothing to share and communicate about.

The ones from the Star Capital Research Institute were Beast Tamers with max-level Psychic power, the father of mechanical phantom beasts, Buggy, and Baby Ginseng. Shi Yu had no communication.

After sending the three deliverymen away, Shi Yu returned to the dormitory and looked at the gray fossil.

“Buggy.”

After Shi Yu shouted, Buggy swung its tail and flew out eagerly. It was very smug and had yet to recover from the smugness of defeating the Void Mantis.

“Let’s go in and take a look,” Shi Yu said to Buggy with the fossil.

“Wu!” Buggy nodded, indicating that it would leave it to him.

Two minutes later…

Shi Yu and Buggy came out of the fossil dream with serious expressions.

He felt that he couldn’t blame the research progress of the Star Capital Research Institute for being slow.

It was because the dream of this fossil was too strange. Even if Shi Yu and Buggy went in to take a look, it was a fog. There was nothing.

Holding this Mythical quality and level-five Mythical fossil, Shi Yu and Buggy looked at each other.

So difficult?

Shi Yu and Buggy didn’t believe it and kept trying in various ways.

The so-called various methods were to stack buffs. Be it possession, the Time Fruit, or borrowing equipment, they would do whatever they could to stack their attributes.

After a long time…

Shi Yu and Buggy’s eyes were red. They were as tired as dogs, but they still couldn’t see anything!

“So scammy?” Shi Yu said.

They had even entered the dream of the Kirin Race. Could this fossil be higher than the Kirin Race?!

According to archeological discoveries, in the Eastern Mythical Era, the dragon, phoenix, and Kirin races occupied the main positions. They should have the highest status in the Mythical Era. They had orthodox Mythical inheritances and were Mythical races.

Apart from top-notch myths like the Ancestral Dragon and the Origin Phoenix, there were also many sub-races. For example, the Kirin Race included many attributes. There was the Wind Kirin, naturally, there was the Golden Kirin and the Fire Kirin…

It was precisely because the race was huge and there were many ruins left behind that their historical traces could be passed down to this day.

Among them, the dragon race was at the top, leaving behind the two huge factions that crossed the Totem Era and the Beast Taming Era, Dragon Palace City and the Dragon Empire.

Therefore, the dragons didn’t acknowledge the Green Dragon because in their inheritance, the Green Dragon was just a figment of the humans of the totem era.

However, it was true that the Green Dragon totem had collected an incomparably huge amount of faith.

Green Dragon, White Tiger, Black Tortoise, and Vermillion Bird. These totem divine beasts that humans created with their constellations condensed a large amount of faith. If they were also real, their strength might not be weak.

After all, using faith and becoming a god was also a path. This was what the fox god of the Heavenly Fox Nation relied on. Even the Blue Sea Sprite was born from faith.

This was also why some totems evolved in the direction of the fictional Four Holy Beasts.

Shi Yu suspected that, including the “four holy beasts” gathered by Emperor Wu and the original owner of the legendary dragon ball equipped by Buggy, they had all evolved in the direction of the four holy beasts with little thoughts.

He was probably wondering if he could get some power of faith by evolving in this direction.

Otherwise, without benefits, who would be so bored as to evolve in the direction of the fictional totem divine beasts? But if they could inherit their power of faith, that would be different.

After all, even in the current Dong Huang, many people believed in the Green Dragon Totem.

Although the Four Holy Beasts were fictional, they could be said to be household names among humans and transcendent creatures.

Ordinary people in Dong Huang might not know about the Ancestral Dragon, but they definitely knew about the Green Dragon.

Compared to the prosperity of the Dragon Race, the Phoenix Race was more miserable. In ancient times, it was even glorious and was even the behind-the-scenes totem of the empress dynasty. But in the modern era, there were already very few powerful Phoenix Races.

The only one Shi Yu knew was still sealed.

As for the Kirin Race, they were even worse than dragons and phoenixes. Although there weren’t many purebloods in the Phoenix Race, there were still some transcendent creatures with part of the Phoenix bloodline. However, the Kirin Race really didn’t have any inheritance at all, only leaving behind their once glorious history, proving that they were once as powerful as dragons and phoenixes.

However, this was enough. After all, it was one of the few races with Mythical races in the east.

Therefore, if Shi Yu used the Wind Kirin fossil to create the mechanical phantom beast of the Kirin race, it would undoubtedly be an earthquake for the archeological and Beast Taming worlds.

As for those divine beasts without races and “individuals who became gods”, their inheritance and history were even more serious. Even their names had already disappeared in the long river of history.

Shi Yu and Buggy continued to take a look at the fossil. They still couldn’t spy on the dream.

“This should be a fossil left behind by a real Mythical creature,” Shi Yu said.

“Wu!” Buggy nodded. That should be the case.

That Wind Kirin should only be a Mythical race and not a Mythical level, so it was easier for them to spy on its dreams.