Chapter 752 - 752 Unlucky Person (3)

752 Unlucky Person (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

In fact, in the past few days, White Brook felt that she was about to be surpassed by Senior Panda. Senior Ji Mengzhu was too strong. Even White Brook was considering whether she should be thick-skinned enough to acknowledge Senior Ji Mengzhu as her master.

Imperial Capital.

Ji Feng watched in silence as his former defeated opponent overtook him step by step. He sighed slightly. As for him, he probably had no hope of breaking through to the legend level before the world competition. The progress was too different.

Big news always followed. After the Dong Huang Association announced the news that Lu Qingyi had advanced to the legend level, the Sequence ranking was immediately updated.

The updated ranking stunned everyone.

Sequence first place, Ye Xing, this second-generation heir’s status was still unshakable.

Sequence two, Divine Bell, descendant of a mechanical legend. The ranking was still stable.

Third, Jiang Tianyang, the legendary noble son of a large financial group, fourth in the Sequence, Zheng Hai, the legendary disciple of the Tyrannical Sea!

Seeing this, everyone realized that Zheng Hai had successfully challenged the original fourth place, Zhou Ming!

Zhou Ming was considered the weakest in the previous top four of the Sequence. The reason why he was so fierce was that his Beast Taming Talent had mutated, and it was a fusion talent.

It could allow the different pets he contracted to temporarily fuse and evolve. Because of this powerful talent, he was taken in by a legendary Beast Tamer as a disciple to nurture.

However, from the looks of it, an ordinary legend’s disciple was still inferior to a Titled Legend disciple. Once he broke through, Zheng Hai immediately challenged Zhou Ming successfully and obtained fourth place in the Sequence!

Of course, this was also related to the cultivation idea of the Tyrannical Sea Legend. The Tyrannical Sea Legend paid a lot of attention to Zheng Hai’s foundation. When one of Zheng Hai’s Giant Leviathan’s super racial skills was close to perfect proficiency, the Tyrannical Sea Legend didn’t let him break through. Instead, it let him train all super racial skills to this level before breaking through in one go.

This way, the overlord body he obtained would be even stronger.

Therefore, once Zheng Hai broke through, his strength was quite extraordinary.

The Beast Tamers who were watching the show felt that it was nothing. They only felt that Legend Zhou Ming was a little unlucky. He was first defeated by the noble son of a large financial group, and then by the Titled Legendary disciple. He was an unlucky person.

If that was all, it wasn’t too much of a scam. The most scammy thing was that it was Sequence five…

Sequence five… Everyone was very sure that their eyes weren’t wrong.

On the fifth place of the Sequence, the name was still “Top-notch Master Shi Yu”!!!

As for Zhou Ming, after losing two consecutive battles, he directly fell to sixth place and squeezed Lu Qingyi, a new legend, to seventh place. However, fifth place… The fifth place that was stuck between a bunch of legends was still Shi Yu, a top-notch master.

This change undoubtedly stunned everyone.

They instantly understood what this meant.

This meant that the Sequence Competition Committee thought that Zhou Ming, who was ranked third in the former Sequence, couldn’t defeat the number one person below the legendary level?

It was fine if Lu Qingyi had just advanced without any battle results, but Zhou Ming was originally third in the Sequence… He was actually ranked behind Shi Yu.

Causing trouble!

Most Beast Tamers immediately felt that the Sequence Competition Committee was causing trouble.

In Divine Capital, a young man less than 1.7 meters tall, fair and tender, with a chubby figure and face, stared at his falling Sequence ranking, his heart bleeding.

His face was incomparably red as he muttered, “It’s over, it’s over. Even if I lose two rounds of my legendary resources, why am I ranked sixth? Is this reasonable?”

“I’ve clearly never fought this Shi Yu before, so why am I ranked below him!!”

He immediately targeted Shi Yu.

However, when he saw that there was still Lu Qingyi, who had just advanced to the legendary level, Zhou Ming had a subtle headache. He felt that if he couldn’t enter the top five, he would be beaten to death by his master…

What he didn’t know was that the Sequence Battle Committee had no choice. This was because the budget of the entire selection competition was five legendary resources. Shi Yu had already taken one away in advance, so they naturally had to rank him in the top five…

Moreover, Director Zhong, who had watched the battle between Zheng Hai and Zhou Ming, was indeed not very satisfied with this little fatty’s performance. He felt that he was too relaxed, so he naturally couldn’t let this fatty easily obtain legendary resources.

The settlement of the Sequence ranking was about to end. Whether he wanted to obtain the legendary resource depended on whether he could give it a try in the end.

Even if Shi Yu had already taken away a legendary resource in advance, if someone defeated him, the Sequence Competition Committee could only apply for one more.

And if, as a legend, they couldn’t even defeat a top-notch master like Shi Yu, it would be a waste to apply for another legendary resource for them. It was better to give Ye Xing and Divine Bell to strengthen the primary battle power more.

Shi Yu… directly became a touchstone arranged by the Sequence Committee for Lu Qingyi and Zhou Ming…

“Is Director Zhong causing trouble?”

At this moment, Shi Yu from Ancient Capital University also discovered the updated ranking.

Shi Yu wouldn’t be surprised if he was squeezed out of the top five. After all, he was the only one in front who wasn’t a legend.

After being squeezed out, he wouldn’t continue fighting. After all, he had already received the resources. It was impossible for the association to give him repeats, so he wouldn’t scam others.

But the problem was, what did they mean by placing himself in fifth place…

Shi Yu had a strange expression. Soon, he silently received a challenge application from the sixth of the Sequence… This little fatty with a weak presence panicked.

[Challenge Message]: Dr. Shi Yu, Dr. Shi Yu, let’s fight ~

“Challenging a top-notch master like me, you have no integrity.”

“Forget it, ignore it.” Shi Yu took a look. After all, it was his future bodyguard. It was better not to damage the child’s confidence.

At the moment, the Sequence battle was coming to an end. It was a mandatory challenge stage. The challenged party couldn’t refuse. If they didn’t accept it within 24 hours or refused to accept the challenge, they would automatically be judged to have lost.

Shi Yu chose to ignore the challenge and wait for the system to automatically squeeze him out. As for this Zhou Ming, Shi Yu estimated that even if he entered the top five, he wouldn’t stay long. He would eventually be beaten by Senior Lu. He was an unlucky guy.