Chapter 754 - 754 The First Quasi Divine Skill In The Team (2)

754 The First Quasi Divine Skill in the Team (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

As for the Sequence ranking, it successfully fell to seventh place under Shi Yu’s lousy laziness. However, the old unlucky Zhou Ming didn’t take fifth place either. Instead, it was intercepted by Lu Qingyi in the blink of an eye.

According to Senior Lu, the other party’s fusion talent development was not yet in place. It could only support the fusion and evolution of two pets. As long as Zhou Ming could let the three pets fuse and evolve together, or if he could let the four pets fuse and evolve separately, the outcome of the battle was uncertain.

In the form of a sprite, Lu Qingyi fought the fusion overlord. Senior Lu was slightly at a disadvantage, but the remaining top-notch monarchs who could revive their myths fought Zhou Ming’s other monarch pets. After the battle, Senior Lu quickly won the battle at the monarch level.

Then, with the support of the monarch pet, Senior Lu quickly took back her advantage and advanced to fifth place.

From then on, Dong Huang’s Sequence ranking stabilized. Shi Yu, the number one person below the legendary level, was reflected in the ranking. He was really the number one person below the legendary level.

Regarding this, most Beast Tamers were also very regretful. They didn’t understand why Shi Yu ignored Zhou Ming’s challenge. Did he think that his strength wasn’t enough to face a legend, or was there something he had to do?

There were various opinions on the Internet. Some felt that Shi Yu wasn’t ready to face a legend, while others felt that Shi Yu might be able to fight a legend above his level. However, as a busy person, he might not necessarily be able to take care of the tense Sequence ranking competition system. When he was free, he would definitely fight back.

Shi Yu didn’t care much about these claims. Instead, he was focused on “adding points to Mythical Revival”.

Now, Ling’s Mythical Revival had already been raised to (Proficient+1) by Shi Yu. He had added a total of three points.

Every time Shi Yu taught the Mythical Revival, Ling’s Kirin form would have more divine power. And after entering the Mythical Revival state, Ling’s energy level could also exceed 20 million.

If Shi Yu wasn’t wrong, when Ling’s Mythical Revival proficiency reached the proficiency of Senior Lu’s pets, its energy level would be comparable to an overlord with a monarch. It shouldn’t be a problem to exceed 50 million.

Firstly, Ling’s foundation was stronger than Senior Lu’s pets, and secondly, Senior Lu’s pets’ divine power might not be as pure as the Wind Kirin’s divine bloodline.

After all, Ling had completed its evolution through the Wind Kirin fossil, while Senior Lu’s pet had only changed part of its bloodline and didn’t successfully evolve with divine power.

Shi Yu was naturally very happy that the strength of the youngest in the team had finally caught up. However, it had yet to master the “Wind Blessing” through Mythical Revival, which gave Shi Yu a headache.

The reason why he didn’t add points to Eleven’s superalloy and ran over to prioritize the Mythical Revival first was because he hoped that Ling could awaken a quasi-divine skill as soon as possible. If he had the providence of a quasi-divine skill, whatever he did next might be smoother.

However, the delay in awakening finally made Shi Yu decide that if the Mythical Revival didn’t cause a qualitative change after reaching expert level, he would do superalloy first.

“Senior Shi Yu, I’m ready.”

At Ancient Capital University, under Shi Yu’s dormitory, An Chang, who had returned from Divine Capital, held his cell phone and called for Shi Yu.

“Wait a second.”

Shi Yu hung up and packed up, preparing to set off for Dragon Palace City.

He had previously promised Senior Lu to go to Tingxiang together in nearly a month. It wasn’t time yet, so Shi Yu planned to bring An Chang to Dragon Palace City to take a look.

It was just waiting for Senior over there. When the time came, everyone would go by sea.

Apart from that, Shi Yu definitely had a goal.

He also planned to train Buggy. Firstly, he would let it visualize the Dragon God Statue in the Dragon God Ruins more before the World Tournament. Secondly, Dragon Palace City had many powerful overlords, much more than Dong Huang. With his position in Dragon Palace City, it shouldn’t be difficult for him to find a bunch of overlords to be sparring partners. It could also be considered to be preparing in advance for the World Tournament.

In Dragon Palace City, there were top-notch overlords and even invincible overlords comparable to totems. According to what Shi Yu knew, the Crown Prince of Dragon Palace City was an invincible overlord whose strength was not inferior to the Tyrannical Sea Legend, the Giant Leviathan. It could fight against totems.

“Let’s go.” After packing, Shi Yu came downstairs and looked at An Chang, who was already taller and stronger than him as if he had been injected with hormones. He was slightly silent.

Wasn’t this kid quite weak at the start? Why was he so strong?

Fusion Talent was really strange!

“You’ve gotten fatter,” Shi Yu said.

An Chang: …

Fat…?

“Ah… Perhaps it’s because I ate more,” An Chang scratched his head in embarrassment.

Shi Yu smiled and said, “Relax. Next, I’m going to put you into the ruins space. When we reach Dragon Palace City, I’ll let you out. This is faster.”

“Alright.” An Chang nodded.

“I won’t let you be idle either,” Shi Yu said. “In order to test your strength, there’s my second team’s pets in the ruins space. Fight it after you enter.”

“Team Two pets?” An Chang was surprised. Senior Shi Yu had already started training Team Two?

That made sense. With the gift of telepathy and the portable ruins space, in addition to being very powerful and rich, it was normal for him to have the energy to nurture the second team.

“Yes, a Duckbill Beast.”

When Shi Yu finished speaking, An Chang was even more shocked. Wait, Duckbill Beast?

Wasn’t the Duckbill Beast a pet of a transcendent race?

An Chang fell into deep thought. When he was put into the ruins space and saw the Duckbill Beast waiting for him in front of him, he was even more certain that his judgment was right.

At the same time, he was puzzled. Why would Senior Shi Yu contract a transcendent race to be the second team?