Chapter 758 - 758 The Power Of A Quasi Divine Skill (1)

758 The Power of a Quasi Divine Skill (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Following the nomological fluctuations of the quasi-divine skill, the Dragon God and the Elven Empress descended on the island where Shi Yu was.

The island Shi Yu was on was called Blue Sea Island. It was specially modified for him to live as the minister of the Environmental Protection Department, Shi Yu.

Of course, a big shot like the Dragon God had naturally never paid attention to this kind of thing from the beginning to the end. It was all planned by the Ice Dragon King’s Turtle Prime Minister, so the Dragon God didn’t know whose territory this island was.

This island was not big, and the environment was very beautiful. It was cleansed to the point where there was not a trace of dirt. Even the Elven Empress, a natural sprite who controlled the forest and wind, discovered that this island was different from the other islands in Dragon Palace City.

The owner of this island… definitely had mysophobia.

“The other party is in an alternate space.”

Although Blue Sea Island didn’t look lifeless at this moment, after reaching the demigod level, these experts had already mastered very strong spatial attainments. Be it the Dragon God or the Elven Empress, they instantly determined that the other party was in the deep space of the Dragon Palace mystic realm.

“And it’s not just a simple alternate space,” the Elven Empress, Sylphra, said. With her perception, even ordinary totems probably couldn’t forcefully enter this space.

The spatial level was relatively high. It was a legendary spatial mystic realm.

Of course, for them, shattering a legendary space was already easy.

Standing in the sky and sensing the weak law fluctuations that contained the power of time and space, the Dragon God Tian Li and the Elven Empress Sylphra stretched out their hands together, wanting to forcefully enter the alternate space to investigate.

During this process, the Dragon God was slightly stunned and felt a strange wave.

Because it sensed traces of its own strength in this deep space… Although it was isolated by the legendary space and its perception was very vague, it shouldn’t be wrong.

“Wu!!! Wu!!! Wu!!”

Just as the Dragon God and Sylphra were preparing to enter the mystic realm, Buggy, who had just met the Dragon God and the Elven Empress but was quickly ignored by the two demigods, also rushed back crazily.

At this moment, seeing the two super experts eyeing this area covetously, Buggy swallowed its saliva crazily and said, “Seniors, seniors, wait.”

Buggy called out to the two demigods through telepathy, afraid that they would suddenly barge in and affect Shi Yu’s points.

“It’s the little worm just now,” the Elven Empress said in surprise when she saw Buggy.

“I see.” Seeing that Buggy was also flying to this place, the Dragon God was slightly stunned. She suddenly understood everything.

From the looks of it, the one in the deep space should be Shi Yu.

That human who had contracted the Blue Sea Sprite Reincarnation.

Initially, the Dragon God was still wondering what was going on, but this explained it clearly.

It looked like the Blue Sea Sprite Reincarnation had begun to awaken the abilities of its previous life.

Although she didn’t know much about the Blue Sea Sprite, as an outstanding figure among demigods, it wasn’t strange for it to master quasi-divine skills in advance.

“I know what’s going on.” The Dragon God calmly dispersed her power. Beside her, Sylphra said in surprise, “What do you mean?”

“Wait a minute,” the Dragon God said. “The person inside is the Beast Tamer of this butterfly, the human junior I mentioned previously.”

“Perhaps his pet is awakening a quasi-divine skill.”

Sylphra was even more surprised. “You mean, the pet of a human Beast Tamer has mastered a quasi-divine skill?!”

She was very surprised and couldn’t help but be surprised. This was because at the moment, in the entire Blue Planet, there were very few lives who were still alive who had mastered quasi-divine skills. The ones she knew wouldn’t be more than ten.

These experts stood at the top of Blue Planet. Even if a legendary Beast Tamer went all out, they might not necessarily be able to defeat them.

Even if it was a peak-level human legendary Beast Tamer, the pets they contracted were basically ordinary totems, or some top-notch totems, not totem half-gods.

For example, she, the legendary Beast Tamer in charge of Tingxiang, had contracted nine Nature Sprites.

Even legendary Beast Tamers found it very difficult to contract pets with “mythical potential” that had mastered “quasi-divine skills”.

It was the same for her, and so were the Beast Tamers of the other six countries. It was the same for those legendary Beast Tamers who had left behind various legendary experiences in history.

Legendary Beast Tamers versus demigod-level life forms was enough to prove the power of quasi-divine skills.

And now, the Dragon God was actually telling her that there was a human Beast Tamer’s pet that had mastered a quasi divine skill?

“Yes.” The Dragon God nodded. Previously, she was still wondering why the Blue Sea Sprite Reincarnation chose a human.

But from the looks of it, Shi Yu seemed to have done very well. It had only been a short while, but he had already helped the reincarnation of the Blue Sea Sprite that had yet to recover its strength after 3,000 years.

It looked like the Blue Sea Ruins left behind by the Blue Sea Sprite still had some taste.

At this moment, through a layer of space, Buggy could also communicate with Shi Yu telepathically. This was the power of the telepathy talent. If it were other talents, they definitely wouldn’t be able to. They wouldn’t be able to chat with pets across servers.

In the legendary ruins, Baby Ginseng nursed Shi Yu. They looked at Ling, who was surrounded by the wind of space, and swallowed crazily.

“Wind Blessing!”

“Divine skill of luck!”

“From now on, I have become rich.”

“I’m looking forward to betting on the fusion skill more and more.”

“Eh, the Dragon God is here. Oh no, is the awakening wave of the quasi-divine skill so strong?” Shi Yu was immediately stunned when he heard Buggy’s shout outside.