Chapter 763 - 763 Ascending To The Sky (2)

763 Ascending to the Sky (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Exchange mission?” Shi Yu came to a realization. So Dragon Palace City and Tingxiang wanted to communicate?

However… he was leading the team?!

Although as the minister of the Environmental Protection Department, he could indeed command overlords, but… was it suitable?

“Alright… I promise to complete the mission…” Shi Yu said.

“Yeah.”

“Let’s go,” the Dragon God said to the Elven Empress. She no longer planned to stay here for long. However, before leaving, she looked at the little white dragon beside her and said, “When we go to Tingxiang, bring it along. As the Third Prince of Dragon Palace City, it’s a little weak.”

Little White Dragon: QAQ???

Ahhh, not only did it not mention the gift, but it was also scolded. The little white dragon immediately felt that it was so difficult. If it had known earlier, it would have gotten the Turtle Prime Minister to look for Shi Yu.

“Alright, let’s go.” The Elven Empress smiled. If she told Dong Huang, Dong Huang might not necessarily be able to let Shi Yu go to Tingxiang to train. It was easier to talk to her, her best friend.

However, to the surprise of the Elven Empress, this Shi Yu’s status in Dragon Palace City was so high?

Not only could he obtain the Mythical fossil from Dragon Palace City, but he could also command overlords. As the leader of an overlord-level dragon party, this treatment was simply no different from the totem dragon king of Dragon Palace City, right??

Even the eldest prince of Dragon Palace City didn’t seem to be able to do what Shi Yu did…

However, Shi Yu, who could contract a Mythical pet, seemed to really have this qualification. Although creatures with quasi-divine skills were restricted by the rules of the world, it was still as difficult as ascending to the heavens to break through to the Mythical stage. However, it was not difficult to grow to the demigod level.

Tingxiang had a good relationship with Dragon Palace City and Dong Huang. Sylphra was naturally willing to befriend such geniuses from Dong Huang and Dragon Palace. This was legendary potential!

After the two legendary level women left, the little white dragon sighed heavily and looked at Senior Shi Yu with a worried expression. It didn’t dare to look at the ridiculous life form directly.

It was afraid that it would really be as Shi Yu said, that it would suddenly die!

“Senior Shi Yu…”

“Let’s go to your father,” Shi Yu said with a smile.

“Sigh, alright, but Senior Shi Yu, can you not tell my father that the Dragon God despises me for being weak…” The little white dragon felt aggrieved.

Shi Yu was silent. But it really was weak!!

As the son of a totem, even if it couldn’t compare to the Void Mantis at the monarch level, it couldn’t be too inferior, right?

“No, but Senior Dragon God has already named you. Come with me to Tongxiang to train later.” Shi Yu was helpless.

“Ah!” The little white dragon was angry. It was not easy for a dragon to live.

It only wanted to be an old worm.

If it still wanted to work hard, what was the point of its father and mother’s hard work?

….

Shi Yu did not expect to be personally invited to Tingxiang by the Empress.

This was also good. He saw that the Dragon God and the Elven Empress had a good relationship. Perhaps he could openly crack a few ruins on the way this time?

With the protection of the Dragon God and the Elven Empress, there was no need to care about safety. After all, the combination of these two might not be invincible on Blue Planet, but it was pretty much almost there.

Shi Yu had also learned and understood the culture of Tingxiang.

They were different from humans, but humanoid transcendent life forms that looked similar to humans. They were extremely strong, and their physical strength could compete with dragons or be contracted by Beast Tamers.

Dwarves who were proficient in forging and could forge various top-notch equipment were also transcendent humanoid life forms that could be contracted. Most of the Mechanics in Tingxiang would contract a Dwarf as their assistant.

Apart from that, there were various myths and legends.

Even the undead, elemental life forms, plants, and dragons were naturally different from the east.

As Mother Dragon’s hometown, Shi Yu had long wanted to take a look, but before that, he had thrown An Chang to the Sea Dragon King.

It was very reasonable for the Sea Dragon King to take care of his disciple since he was taking care of its son, right?

“What, you just saw the Dragon God?!”

“And the empress of Tingxiang?”

Sea Dragon Palace.

The Sea Dragon King looked at Shi Yu, who had been called over by the little white dragon, and was in disbelief.

Did the Empress of Tingxiang come to Dragon Palace City?

Speaking of which, his Beast Tamer, Lin Feng, had once been beaten up by the Elven Empress in Tingxiang. If it weren’t for the good relationship between the Elven Empress and the Dragon God, Lin Feng might not have been able to return. As for why, the Sea Dragon King didn’t dare to ask. It only knew that there was also an elf in Lin Feng’s team.

The water there must be very deep…

“Well, Lord Dragon God and the Elven Empress wanted me to bring some overlords of the Environmental Protection Department to Tingxiang to train. Oh right, Lord Dragon God saw that the Third Prince’s growth speed was pretty good at that time. Compared to the last Dragon Palace banquet, it improved a lot. It also asked me to bring it along and felt that it had a lot of potential. It’s worth nurturing. The future is promising.”

At the side, the little white dragon was extremely touched. Yes, yes.

It also remembered that Lord Dragon God had said so.

“Lord Dragon God said that?” The Sea Dragon King was suspicious and looked at the little white dragon. What right did this kid have?

Or could it be that the Dragon God discovered potential on the little white dragon that it itself didn’t see…

The Sea Dragon King was immediately happy. It didn’t train this kid for nothing. It was actually chosen by the Dragon God. Not bad, not bad.

“Then I’ll leave it to you, Shi Yu. When the time comes, supervise this kid well. As long as he doesn’t die from training, train to the death!”

“No problem.” Shi Yu nodded.

“You didn’t come here just to visit me, right??” The Sea Dragon King’s huge dragon eyes stared at Shi Yu. According to its understanding of this Shi Yu, this guy didn’t come to Dragon Palace City for no reason. It was most likely because he had something to ask of it.