Chapter 765 - 765 Don'T Want The Blue Sea Sprite Inheritance (1)

765 Don’t Want the Blue Sea Sprite Inheritance (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Clearwater Island.

In the Dragon Palace mystic realm, on the island where the Blue Sea Ruins was.

Susu temporarily became an overlord through the Time Fruit and used the Wind Blessing to create a bug in the Blue Sea Ruins. After mistakenly thinking that it had reached the inheritance standard, Shi Yu and the others immediately ordered Buggy to bring them here.

Looking at the water cube-like Blue Sea Ruins, Shi Yu, Susu, and the others were slightly nervous.

Could it really succeed?

Regardless of whether it could succeed or not, they were already here. If they didn’t go in and take a look, Shi Yu and the others would definitely be indignant.

In the past, when Shi Yu and the others came into contact with the Blue Sea Ruins, they would be blocked and unable to enter. However, this time, they easily entered the Blue Sea Ruins like passing through water.

….

The Blue Sea Ruins had a spirit.

This Dao Spirit was more like a rule mechanism.

In order to ensure that the Blue Sea Sprite race could be passed down infinitely,

It was in charge of passing down the inheritance to every generation of the Blue Sea Sprite Reincarnation.

It was in charge of summoning every mature Blue Sea Sprite Reincarnation to receive the inheritance.

It was also in charge of ensuring that the Blue Sea Sprite Reincarnation could grow up and have enough strength to accept the inheritance mission even if an accident happened.

The spirit of this ruin was created by the first generation of the Blue Sea Sprite. It established a rules mechanism and was strengthened by the Blue Sea Sprite that accepted the inheritance every generation, ensuring that it could exist forever.

The form of the spirit of the ruins in the Blue Sea Ruins was similar to the first-generation Blue Sea Sprite. As an elemental life form, its entire body was made of water elements. It maintained a noble humanoid posture, like a mermaid. Its upper body was humanoid, but its lower body was like blue water waves.

Its entire body was surrounded by mist, and a thin mist covered its beautiful body. Coupled with the water refracting a faint halo, it gave it a hazy beauty…

The spirit of the Blue Sea Ruins that woke up from its sleep felt extremely strange.

It fell into a recall state. The last time it woke up seemed to be a year ago. At that time, a special telepathy woke it up.

This telepathy was very special, as if it was searching for traces of the Blue Sea Sprite.

The spirit of the ruins should have ignored this thought.

However, due to the special situation at that time, the spirit of the ruins made a difficult choice.

It wasn’t too much to say that the first generation Blue Sea Sprite was a Mythical race. It had mastered two incomparably powerful quasi-divine skills and could be said to be the strongest demigod.

However, even if it was a demigod or an elemental life form, it was extremely difficult to withstand the wear and tear of time and become eternal.

However, in order to protect the sea, the first generation Blue Sea Sprite thought of the method of will reincarnation. It relied on the power of faith and the inheritance of will to constantly reincarnate and reproduce.

This way, as long as the faith continued and the inheritance continued, the Blue Sea Sprite race could exist forever.

However, there was also a certain risk. As the power of faith fell, as the strength before each reincarnation decreased, and as time continued to wear down, the racial potential after each reincarnation might fall.

From a quasi Mythical race to a high-level overlord, to a middle-level overlord, to a low-level overlord… In the beginning, this fall was still within the acceptable range of the Blue Sea Sprite.

However, countless years later, the race level of the Blue Sea Sprite Reincarnation fell to the transcendent race, and the inheritance mechanism of the Blue Sea Sprite could no longer be maintained.

A gap of 3,000 years appeared in the Blue Sea Ruins inheritance. During this period, it was the time when the Blue Sea Sprite Reincarnation died the most midway. It was getting harder and harder for the reincarnation to reach the strength standard to accept the inheritance.

The awakened spirit of the ruins realized that this might not be able to continue. It had to seek change. Otherwise, in another hundred years, there might be a situation where the reincarnation failed and the Blue Sea Sprite inheritance was completely severed. At that time, the Blue Sea Ruins and it would disappear together.

At this moment, a human Beast Tamer with special telepathy who could awaken it from its sleep appeared.

Therefore, the spirit of the Blue Sea Ruins decided to make a bold attempt.

It no longer let the Blue Sea Sprite Reincarnation grow on its own.

Instead, it handed the reincarnation of the Blue Sea Sprite to other life forms to nurture.

Although this might more or less affect the unformed thoughts of the Blue Sea Sprite Reincarnation, there was no other way.

Originally, there were many good choices in the Blue Sea Ruins. In the ocean, many totem factions had obtained the favor of the Blue Sea Sprite, such as Dragon Palace City.

If it were them, they would definitely be very happy to help the Blue Sea Sprite grow.

Unfortunately, every time it woke up, it was very difficult for the spirit of the Blue Sea Ruins. In addition, it couldn’t strongly affect the outside world and couldn’t take the initiative to contact those lives. In the end, it chose to awaken the “human Beast Tamer” who shamelessly spoke to it.

It actually despised this human Beast Tamer, but at that time, there was no better choice. Therefore, it helped this human Beast Tamer find this generation’s Blue Sea Sprite Reincarnation, hoping that he could quickly nurture this generation’s Blue Sea Sprite.

However, to the surprise of the spirit of the ruins, it didn’t expect that in such a short period of time, in just a year, this human had cultivated the Blue Sea Sprite Reincarnation to the overlord level.

This made the spirit of the ruins heave a sigh of relief and confirm that its choice was right. At the very least, it didn’t let the inheritance of the Blue Sea Sprite be severed because of this. As for whether the next inheritance could still be so smooth, it would have to rely on this generation of Blue Sea Sprites to grow into demigods and think of a way themselves.