Chapter 764 - 764 Ascending To The Sky (3)

764 Ascending to the Sky (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Hehe.” Shi Yu smiled and said, “I have a junior with a very good relationship. His initial pet is a Dragon Carp. With my help, it evolved into a monarch race Sea Dragon through the power of your Sea Dragon Scale, so I wanted to come and see if you can help guide me later, senior?”

“His talent is not bad. His second pet even obtained the blessings of Senior Butterfly God and evolved into an overlord race. He also has legend aptitude.”

“Huh?” The Sea Dragon King frowned. The Butterfly God had also helped train him? However, the initial pet that evolved with its strength was only a monarch race. Why was the second worm blessed by the Butterfly God an overlord race?

Although it didn’t mean anything, it kept feeling that it was inferior.

It said, “I understand, but my guidance is very strict.”

“It’s alright. As long as he doesn’t die from training, train to death!” Shi Yu also said!

The opportunity for the totem dragon king to be a teacher was rare. He believed that An Chang wouldn’t refuse.

“There’s no need to trouble you too much, Senior. Just give him some guidance and throw him to the Turtle Prime Minister. Isn’t there a few ruins mystic realms for newbies to train in Dragon Palace City? When the time comes, you can let him try them. Before we return from Tingxiang, let him stay in Dragon Palace City.”

“Alright,” the Sea Dragon King said. “It’s a small matter.”

“An Chang, come and meet Senior Sea Dragon King.”

At this moment, Shi Yu also pulled An Chang out of the ruins space.

The current An Chang had yet to react to the fluctuations of Ling’s awakening divine power and was a little stunned.

Seeing this strong and silly boy, the Sea Dragon King was slightly silent. His physical strength was very strong. His Fusion Talent was not bad, but he didn’t look very smart.

….

After Shi Yu dealt with An Chang, he returned to his Blue Sea Island easily.

He wasn’t in a hurry to go to the Environmental Protection Department to choose people to form a training team. Instead, he hurriedly returned to study Ling’s ability, wanting to study the Mythical Dream World in detail.

In the ruins, Eleven, Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong, Susu, and the others could be said to have complicated feelings.

“I’ll participate in the next team competition and take a look.” Ling displayed the demeanor of a big sister again.

The normal State was 20 million energy points. This was the power of a Mythical race!

In addition to the expert level Mythical Revival, its strength had tripled. It wasn’t necessarily inferior to other teammates after they had eaten the Time Fruit and used equipment.

At the thought of this, Ling felt that it had finally made it through. As expected, knowledge was power.

Sigh ~

During this period of time, although Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, and Chi Tong had all been strengthened at the epic level, Ling’s increase in strength and that ridiculous quasi-divine skill made Eleven and the others a little confused about Ling’s battle power.

This skill was too strange.

For example, Chi Tong was very worried that when it fought Ling, the interlocking power would suddenly be chaotic and misfire, causing it to be heavily injured by it…

Of course, the only thing it didn’t have to worry too much about was that there seemed to be Susu at the bottom. Chi Tong secretly glanced at Susu, who was shaking its head.

“Ning…”

At this moment, Susu, who was made of water, looked at Ling with tears in its eyes and asked if it could get some of this luck.

Susu felt that as a member of the team at the bottom continuously, its luck was the worst.

“This… This…” Ling was silent. How could they split it?

Although the Wind Blessing looked like a skill that could bless others, perhaps because its proficiency was too low, it couldn’t be used as an active skill at all.

“Ning! (Add points!)” Susu was excited.

It wasn’t afraid of low proficiency. It just had to add points.

Shi Yu had a headache. “No, a quasi-divine skill is probably a certain difference from a super skill. Forget it. Let’s try adding some quasi-divine skills after we become legend level.”

If it was said that maximizing super skills made it a quasi-divine skill…

Then when a quasi-divine skill was maxed out, it would probably directly advance into a divine skill.

Was the consumption the same? Even if he had yet to try, he felt that it was impossible.

He was afraid that after adding points, he would directly become a totem undead.

“Yes,” Ling suddenly said and had a bold idea. Therefore, top-notch intelligence was indeed top-notch intelligence. It directly used its loading skill to hug Susu and make both parties become one.

In that case, could they share the luck?

“Ning…”

Susu was stunned, but Shi Yu smiled and shook his head. “Even if the quasi-divine skill is very powerful, it’s definitely not as ridiculous as you think. Let’s get down to business first.”

Even if it was lucky, there had to be an “incident” to have a “good outcome”.

If they had somehow fused together so weirdly. It would be strange if there were any results.

“Ning!” However, just as Shi Yu finished speaking, Susu, who had become stronger through Ling’s loading and was comparable to an overlord, was suddenly stunned.

It sensed that something was wrong and took the initiative to activate the power of time, allowing its life level to also reach the overlord level.

At this moment, Susu, who was wearing a blue mechanical hat, widened its watery eyes and quickly looked at Shi Yu.

It seemed to have sensed the inheritance summoning of the Blue Sea Ruins!

Shi Yu: “?”

Chi Tong: “?”

The inheritance conditions of the Blue Sea Ruins were at the overlord level. Susu naturally didn’t meet the standard, but a long time ago, Shi Yu and the others wanted to try if they could use the Time Fruit to temporarily let Susu reach the overlord level and cheat to cause a reaction from the Blue Sea Ruins.

But clearly, it failed. The system of the Blue Sea Ruins was surprisingly perfect. There were no loopholes.

However, this time, Susu clearly sensed that after it stacked its overlord-level battle power through various methods, an obvious summoning guide wave appeared in the Blue Sea Ruins!

“Huh?”

Upon hearing Susu’s words, Shi Yu, Chi Tong, and the others were stunned on the spot. Don’t tell them that their luck was so good that they happened to encounter a bug in the Blue Sea Ruins and mistakenly treated Susu, who had obtained overlord-level strength by stacking buffs, as having reached the condition to reach the inheritance…

At this moment, Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, and Chi Tong were all crazy. They looked at the mechanical hat Susu was wearing.

No!!

How could there be such a cheating skill!

He could do whatever he wanted just because he was lucky?

When could he try fusing with them?

“This…”

Shi Yu also fell into a deep silence. He didn’t know if they were lucky or unlucky. It was a good thing that the Blue Sea Ruins had reacted, but it was said that after the Blue Sea inheritance, the strength of the Blue Sea Sprite would quickly increase and quickly reach the totem level. Clearly, he couldn’t control it.

It was a good thing for Susu, but not necessarily for him, a Beast Tamer.

“Forget it, I’ll go take a look first. At most, I won’t accept the power inheritance first. Apart from the power inheritance, there might be other inheritances. I’ll see if you left any inheritances in your previous life, such as myths and legendary resources.” Shi Yu was eager to give it a try, but he still couldn’t resist the temptation of the ruins.

“Yes, yes, yes!!!” Susu was also extremely excited. Wow, it was taking off!

Ling, the eternal god!