Chapter 762 - 762 Ascending To The Sky (1)

762 Ascending to the Sky (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

A moment later, the little white dragon woke up energetically under the treatment of the Elven Empress.

It looked at the beautiful green-haired woman gratefully and said, “Thank you, Senior.”

Although it didn’t know who this person was, she was probably a very powerful being able to stand beside the Dragon God.

“It’s nothing.” Sylphra smiled.

After the little white dragon recovered, it was silent for a moment before reacting. Just now, everyone seemed to have said that some quasi-divine skill could indeed be used in battle?

They had already experienced the power of this move?

What was going on?

It looked at Shi Yu eagerly and said, “What do you mean? Are… are we still fighting?”

Shi Yu took a look and said, “I don’t think there’s a need. You already lost just now.”

The little white dragon: Huh??

“It has the skill to increase our luck. According to ‘relativity’, it’s to make you even more unlucky.”

“Just now, your hidden injury relapsed. Perhaps this skill was effective.”

“I think it’s better not to fight. This move is a little dangerous and uncontrollable… If you have some hidden incurable disease later, or if spatial turbulence suddenly appears in the Dragon Palace mystic realm and sweeps you to death, it won’t be easy to clean up…”

The little white dragon’s expression was stunned. A skill to increase its luck and make the enemy unlucky?

There was such a skill?

Its hidden injury relapsed just now because it was hit?

“How can there be such a terrifying skill?” The little white dragon was shocked.

It immediately looked around and then looked at the sky, afraid that a meteorite would fall from the sky and smash it to death.

Oh, this was the ocean mystic realm. There were no meteorites, so it was fine.

“Wu, wu!!” Buggy also said. That’s right, how could there be such a terrifying skill? Buggy had already started to imagine it.

In the future team competition, if it was fighting Ling, just as it teleported, spatial turbulence could suddenly appear and sweep it to death.

How could they fight?

It would lose for no reason.

“Let’s leave it at that for now. This move is indeed a little dangerous,” the Elven Empress said with a smile.

“But there’s no need to worry too much.”

“The reason why this little white dragon is so miserable is because it’s too weak and is more heavily affected by the power of the natural order.”

“If the opponent is very strong, this skill won’t be useful. I can feel that this weak law wave can’t affect me.” The Elven Empress smiled.

“If it wants to forcefully affect a life form with powerful luck, the backlash it suffers will also be very serious.”

“Therefore, it’s better for you to master this move as soon as possible.”

As the Elven Empress finished speaking, Shi Yu and Ling quickly nodded. They also understood what the other party said.

However, this move still looked very strong!

Shi Yu was already imagining it!

After that, Ling would still research various machines. Could it be that it would be lucky enough to succeed for no reason?

As everyone knew, research needed to be accompanied by a large number of experiments. If one was unlucky, it would be difficult to achieve results in their lifetime, but if one was lucky, it was completely possible to do it in one go.

Or in the World Tournament, if he encountered Beast Tamers who contracted pets above their level, was it possible that before the battle even started, the other party’s body suddenly couldn’t hold on and thus would result in their deaths?

Also, the current Ling should be considered to have Mythical potential.

Generally speaking, the upper limit of the Time Fruit depended on its racial potential. Most of the time, it was at the overlord level, but for Ling, who had Mythical potential, even if the side effects were too great and it couldn’t reach the Mythical level, was it possible to temporarily unleash a totem attack?

The more Shi Yu thought about it, the more excited he became. Impressive, impressive.

“Did you come to Dragon Palace City this time to prepare for the world competition?” The Dragon God saw that Buggy had also just returned from the Dragon God Statue, so she asked Shi Yu.

“Yes, I’m here to train hard.” Shi Yu nodded. He indeed had the intention of coming to Dragon Palace City to challenge overlords to train.

“Well, all the best.” The Dragon God nodded. In that case, after figuring out the reason for the change in this place, it was time to leave.

She looked at Sylphra, but at this moment, she smiled at Shi Yu.

“Oh? Then do you want to go to our Tingxiang to train?”

“You’re still a genius archeologist of Dong Huang. Can your archeological ability and its luck enhancement also be used to crack ruins? Our Tingxiang still has a few important ruins that are difficult to crack. Do you want to go over and take a look?”

“If you gain anything, I won’t mistreat you.”

“Uh…” Shi Yu was stunned.

“It’s alright. After a while, your Dragon God and some overlords of Dragon Palace City will go to Tingxiang. You just have to accompany them.”

Shi Yu looked at the Dragon God. Was this for real? Why would Dragon Palace City go to Tingxiang?

“That’s indeed the case, but if you don’t want to go, you should cultivate in Dragon Palace City. Don’t worry about her.”

The Dragon God felt that it was better for Shi Yu to obediently use the Dragon God Statue to cultivate than to go to Tingxiang to train.

Shi Yu said, “I want to go, I want to go. I happen to have something to do in Tingxiang.”

Wasn’t this a coincidence? If he could go with Dragon Palace City, he wouldn’t have to care about Dong Huang.

Dong Huang might not necessarily have as many bodyguards as Dragon Palace City.

The Dragon God was silent. She didn’t expect Shi Yu to be seduced by the other party in a few words.

“Let’s go together. Don’t worry, I’ll ensure his safety.” The Elven Empress, Sylphra, smiled and said, “Ah Tian, don’t you believe me? Moreover, you’ll go over yourself. Are you afraid that I’ll eat him?”

“Fine then, in that case.” The Dragon God looked at Shi Yu and said, “Choose ten overlord-level dragons from the Environmental Protection Department of Dragon Palace City and head to Tingxiang together. You’ll be in charge of the exchange mission between Dragon Palace City and Tingxiang. Is there a problem?”