Chapter 769 - 769 The Reason For The End Of The Mythical Era (1)

769 The Reason for the End of the Mythical Era (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

In the dark blue Blue Sea Ruins.

A water pillar connected heaven and earth.

Inside the water pillar, Susu in the form of a Water Slime had been sleeping for a long time.

It was accepting the power inheritance of the Blue Sea Ruins.

During this period, Shi Yu accompanied him.

The meditation effect in the Blue Sea Ruins was really good.

It was much better than the ruins left behind by the Space Emperor for the Void Mantis.

It wasn’t too much to say that it was a Mythical cultivation ruin.

Initially, Shi Yu could not forget the ruins of the Void Mantis.

But now, it felt like it wasn’t a big deal.

After Susu finished accepting the Blue Sea Sprite inheritance, the control of the Blue Sea Ruins fell into Susu’s hands.

It meant that it fell into Shi Yu’s hands.

Shi Yu was already looking forward to the scene of walking around with the Blue Sea Ruins.

Although he and Susu said that they didn’t even want the Blue Sea Inheritance, the Blue Sea Ruins was still good stuff.

The powerful thing about this ruin was not just the meditation effect.

Instead, there were more than 100 projections of this ruin worldwide.

For example, the Blue Sea Ruins in Dragon Palace City and the Blue Sea Ruins in the Rainbow Islands were all projections of the main body ruins.

And through the Blue Sea Ruins, they could teleport between these projection ruins!

In other words, if Shi Yu obtained the Blue Sea Ruins, he would have a spatial teleportation array that covered the world.

Shi Yu naturally knew what this meant.

He would be invincible.

For example, at the Seven Islands, if he had the Blue Sea Ruins, even if he didn’t have any bodyguards and obtained Mythical resources in front of everyone, the totems and legends present couldn’t do anything to him.

This was because Shi Yu could instantly teleport himself to Clearwater Island in Dragon Palace City through the Blue Sea Ruins or instantly teleport himself to Poison Fang Island in the Rainbow Islands to escape.

Just like how the Blue Sea Ruins teleported him in order to let him find the Blue Sea Sprite Reincarnation.

It was probably very difficult to interrupt this teleportation without being at the demigod level. After all, this was a ruin created by the Blue Sea Sprite at its peak.

As for the strength of the Blue Sea Sprite at its peak, it was probably only inferior to the World Tree clone. After all, it had gathered the faith of the entire ocean at that time.

“The willpower of this generation’s Lord Blue Sea Sprite is stronger than I imagined…”

The spirit of the Blue Sea Ruins originally thought that with Susu’s monarch-level strength, it would be a little difficult to receive the inheritance of super skills, but it realized that it was wrong.

Susu slept very comfortably the whole time. It had really trained. After all, when it was at the transcendent level, it had already started to constantly experience the baptism of super skills on Shi Yu’s side.

“Thanks to my good training.”

The spirit of the ruins: …

“How’s the progress?” Shi Yu asked.

The spirit of the Blue Sea Ruins said, “The reception is very smooth. The initial evolution can be completed immediately.”

“Is that so…” Shi Yu looked at the water pillar in anticipation.

As expected, with the reminder of the spirit of the Blue Sea Ruins, Susu in the form of a Water Slime quickly had blue evolution light lingering around its body. Its life form began to change.

Every generation of the Blue Sea Sprite Reincarnation would evolve towards the primitive race of the Blue Sea Sprite, which was the form of the first generation of the Blue Sea Sprite.

At this moment, under the entanglement of the blue evolution light, Susu’s figure began to change, outlining its mermaid-like form. The water formed a long blue hair, bright blue eyes, beautiful appearance, and plump upper body. Its lower body was a blue fishtail that kept flowing like a wave.

Its entire body was made of water. It was similar to the humanoid ice elemental life form Shi Yu had transformed into when he challenged the Seven Islands with his Lu Bai alternate identity. However, its aura was more noble and it had an otherworldly aura. In the form of a dreamy ocean sprite, it revealed a holy cleansing wave.

< Name > Susu

[Race]: Blue Sea Sprite

[Attributes]: Water, Ice

[Race Level]: High-level overlord (Quasi Mythical)

[Level of Growth]: Monarch level

[Race Skill]:

“Super Level”: Holy Water Ring (Expert), Water/Ice Elemental Control (Expert+2), Wave Cannon (Expert), Blue Sea Contract (Initiate), Sea Cleansing Spirit (Initiate)

[Teaching Skill]:

“Super Level”: Infinite Devour (Expert), Heavenly Frost Cold Energy (Expert)

Energy Points: 8,010,000

Under Shi Yu’s gaze, Susu’s opened eyes also looked outside the water pillar.

At this moment, sensing that Susu had inherited a new skill, Shi Yu could be said to be extremely excited. However, he also had an incomparable headache. He couldn’t wait to break through to the legendary level and obtain a new skill slot.

Or, he felt that he should maximize the skill points of the superalloy and other skills and delete them to make room for new skills.

However, it wasn’t a big problem not to replicate the Blue Sea Contract and the Sea Cleansing Spirit.

Because the Blue Sea Ruins contained all the Blue Sea Contract and Sea Cleansing Spirit experience from entry level to Dao Proficiency.

Susu just had to constantly receive inheritance from here.

And when there was no need, it could be interrupted.

Although it was a little lower than adding points, it would be a waste not to.

Now, as it evolved, the figure of the ruins spirit beside it kept dimming, while Susu was completely awake.

“What a waste…” Its figure became dimmer and dimmer, and the spirit of the ruins couldn’t help but mention it.

This inheritance was clearly safer to completely receive in one go. And now, Susu had only received a portion and interrupted the inheritance. This would definitely cause the loss of the inheritance power.

If this continued, it was already difficult to rely on the inheritance power to cultivate a quasi-divine skill normally.