Chapter 767 - 767 Don'T Want The Blue Sea Sprite Inheritance (3)

767 Don’t Want the Blue Sea Sprite Inheritance (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

And meanwhile, it would still be accepting the inheritance.

This was unacceptable.

If it didn’t accept the Blue Sea inheritance, it could still protect the sea.

At that time, it would cooperate with Duckie from the inside and out. It would take down the Abyss Sea first.

Shi Yu: …

“Too slow,” Shi Yu said with a frown.

Ten years, wasn’t this a scam?

How many decades did life have?

The spirit of the ruins: “?”

The spirit of the ruins originally thought that Shi Yu would consider the big picture and give up the contract for the future of the Blue Sea Sprite to let the Blue Sea Sprite accept the inheritance and return to the peak.

As for the Blue Sea Sprite, in order to protect the will of the sea, it would also obtain and inherit stronger power.

However, the conversation between the Blue Sea Sprite Reincarnation and this human Beast Tamer directly stunned the spirit of the ruins.

The Blue Sea Sprite Reincarnation didn’t want to accept the inheritance anymore?

Its Beast Tamer said that becoming a demigod in ten years was too slow??

What was going on!

Were these guys crazy or was it crazy?

“Don’t you understand how strong the peak power of the Blue Sea Sprite is?” the spirit of the ruins said.

“At the peak of the Blue Sea Sprite, it was one of the few lives that had mastered the prototype of two divine skills. It could be said to be the strongest below the Mythical stage.”

“This realm is something that countless lives have difficulty cultivating for millions of years.”

“And now, it would only need to sleep for ten years during the acceptance period to recover the strength at its peak…”

“Ning… (It’s still too slow.)” Susu was extremely aggrieved. It originally thought that the Blue Sea Ruins would be the start of its counterattack, but it didn’t expect this inheritance to be so scammy.

It actually had to be passed for ten years.

How was it lucky?

It was clearly extremely unlucky.

Why did it have to know such a bloody truth so early?

In Shi Yu’s ruins space, Chi Tong and the others were also paying attention to the situation outside.

Upon hearing that it would take ten years to accept a demigod inheritance and obtain two quasi-divine skills, Eleven, Buggy, Chi Tong, Baby Ginseng, and the others rolled on the ground with laughter.

They felt that Susu was extremely pitiful.

“Why don’t we not accept the power inheritance first, Lord Protector… Apart from that, are there any other resource inheritance…” Shi Yu asked shyly.

The spirit of the ruins: “?”

“What a joke!” The spirit of the ruins was immediately angry. What was going on? Why was this batch of Blue Sea Sprite so difficult to lead? Why was it different from the previous batches of Blue Sea Sprites?

Was this the disadvantage of handing the Blue Sea Sprite Reincarnation to other life forms to nurture?

Instantly, the spirit panicked.

It felt that things had exceeded its expectations, making it not know what to do.

“Cough, cough, cough, Lord Protector, does it have to be at the overlord level? Does it have to be passed down for ten years?” Shi Yu said. “I roughly understand what you mean.”

“You mean that the Blue Sea Sprite probably has to be at the overlord level to have enough ability to receive the two skills, ‘Sea Cleansing Spirit’ and ‘Blue Sea Contract’. During the inheritance process, the proficiency of these two skills will increase with time, until it touches the rules and becomes the prototype of a divine skill.”

“Therefore, is there a possibility that it will only accept a portion of the inheritance? It’s fine as long as it learns these two skills. There’s no need to reach very high proficiency.”

“This way, can the time used be shorter? Can it receive the inheritance at the monarch level?”

“Ning! (In any case, I won’t break the contract. In any case, I won’t accept ten years of inheritance.)” Susu was aggrieved and had a very strong attitude.

The spirit of the ruins: ???

“If you don’t reach the overlord level, even the will of the Blue Sea Sprite will find it very difficult to withstand the power of the inheritance. I’m afraid you’ll get lost.”

“Once the inheritance is opened, if it’s interrupted midway, it might cause the inheritance power to be lost. At that time, even if it loses a trace of power, it won’t be able to let the Blue Sea Sprite master the ‘prototype of a divine skill’. It might cause its strength to be unable to reach its peak in this lifetime.”

“If it can’t reach its peak, it can’t leave behind an inheritance that allows the next generation of Blue Sea Sprites to reach their peak.”

“Therefore, it will cause the inheritance mechanism of the Blue Sea Sprite to be severed.”

“So, do you know how simple your thoughts are?”

“In other words, it can?” Shi Yu said. “As long as it can withstand the inheritance of two skills at the monarch level, as long as it doesn’t care about the loss of the inheritance power, it can complete the inheritance in a short period of time, right?”

“You don’t understand at all!” The spirit of the ruins was angry.

Shi Yu and Susu were quite talented to be able to anger a seemingly noble and holy spirit of the ruins into anger.

“Ning. (Lord Protector, I think this is alright!! Let’s only accept a portion of the inheritance first!)” Susu said.

Ruins Spirit: @!#@¥#¥

“Give me a reason!” The spirit of the ruins was a little regretful. It had handed the Blue Sea Sprite Reincarnation to the human in front of it to nurture.

In any case, it couldn’t understand the thoughts of the Blue Sea Sprite Reincarnation and the human in front of it.

“Reason…”

Shi Yu was silent for a moment. He looked at it and said, “Ten years is too long. Let it accept a portion of the inheritance. Even if it has just mastered the ‘Sea Cleansing Spirit’ and the ‘Blue Sea Contract’, I’m confident that I can restore it to its peak strength or even stronger in three years.”

“Is this reason alright?”

The spirit of the ruins wanted to refute, but it felt that Shi Yu was a little arrogant. Shi Yu had previously said that he could nurture the transcendent reincarnation of the Blue Sea Sprite to an overlord. It was willing to believe this because it wasn’t that difficult.