Chapter 761 - 761 The Power Of A Quasi Divine Skill (4)

761 The Power of a Quasi Divine Skill (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“You,” the Elven Empress said when she saw this not very smart little white dragon.

When Shi Yu saw this, he also felt that the little white dragon was a little unlucky. It had come at the wrong time.

Although the little white dragon’s current strength looked pretty good, compared to Ling, whose normal energy level was 20 million, the difference was not just a little.

It would definitely be tortured.

It was going to lose face in front of the Dragon God and the Elven Empress.

However, if the Elven Empress wanted to see Ling’s strength, Shi Yu couldn’t refuse. He looked at the little white dragon that had arrived and said helplessly, “Third Prince, long time no see. Let’s fight!”

The little white dragon: “?”

What was going on?

Why did he have to hit it the moment it arrived?

What did it do wrong?

The Dragon God said, “Try it. If your performance is not bad, I’ll give you a gift.”

The little white dragon: !!!

“Lord Dragon God…” The little white dragon was shocked and looked at Lord Dragon God. It didn’t expect Lord Dragon God to be so easy to talk to. It’d get a gift if its performance was not bad?!

If its parents and those bad friends knew that their Third Prince, the little white dragon, had obtained a gift of the Dragon God, wouldn’t it take off?

In an instant, the little white dragon was eager to give it a try. It looked at Brother Shi Yu for help, hinting for him to please hold back a bit.

Everyone would be able to develop peacefully.

Shi Yu: …I’ll try my best.

With a battle target, Shi Yu fell silent. Ling walked out and looked at the little white dragon in the sky.

At this moment, the little white dragon also looked at the pet it had never seen before walking out of Shi Yu’s side with a serious expression.

A feeling of its bloodline being suppressed arose, making the little white dragon even more serious.

Wait, its opponent couldn’t be this one, right?

It wasn’t Shi Yu’s monster main forces??

Great!

Although it sensed that this pet was also extraordinary, at least it wasn’t that panda, radish, sword spirit, slime, and… It looked at Buggy. This worm!

If it weren’t for these five, even if it felt its bloodline being suppressed, the little white dragon would have heaved a sigh of relief.

The little white dragon was clearly traumatized by Shi Yu’s first five main forces.

Ling also looked at the silly little white dragon and analyzed its information.

“Little white dragon, you attack first,” Shi Yu said.

In order to give the little white dragon a chance to perform, Shi Yu said this to prevent Ling from insta-killing this guy.

“Wuhu, I understand!!” Upon hearing that, the little white dragon’s eyes focused and it took a deep breath.

It was just about to condense dragon energy and attack Ling below, but at this moment, its dragon eyes suddenly widened, and the blood energy in its body surged. With a puff, it spat out a mouthful of dragon blood and quickly fell from the sky. The hidden injury from the ruins training… relapsed.

Bang!

It fell to the ground.

It directly lost its mobility.

Shi Yu, Ling, Buggy: ???

The Dragon God and the Elven Empress were silent.

On the ground, the little white dragon said with a weak expression, “It’s over. It seems that the injuries left behind from the previous challenge have relapsed. After the challenge ended, I clearly received Doctor Shell’s treatment. Wu wu wu, but I don’t think it was completely treated, leaving behind hidden injuries.”

Quack doctor, quack doctor!!

Just as they were about to fight, the internal injuries suddenly relapsed and it vomited blood and fell. At this moment, the little white dragon wanted to find a hole to hide in. It felt like it had lost face in front of the Dragon God and Senior Shi Yu.

Doctor Shell misled him!

Everyone: …

The Elven Empress, Sylphra, was silent for a moment before looking at the little white dragon. Emerald-green energy immediately lingered around the little white dragon’s body as she helped it treat it. At the same time, she said, “As expected of a quasi-divine skill. Looks like it can indeed be used in battle.”

“Alright, I’ve already experienced the power of this move.”

Little White Dragon: What, what?

Shi Yu and Buggy also looked at the innocent-looking Ling speechlessly. Ling was also very stunned. What did it do?

Don’t tell it that this was all thanks to the Wind Blessing. It had just analyzed 4,399 victory methods through its top-notch intelligence, but it never expected that the little white dragon would fall before the battle even started… This didn’t make sense.