Chapter 766 - 766 Don'T Want The Blue Sea Sprite Inheritance (2)

766 Don’t Want the Blue Sea Sprite Inheritance (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

In a ruin that looked like a deep sea world.

The spirit of the Blue Sea Ruins stared at the Blue Sea Sprite Reincarnation that had been summoned and entered the ruins to receive the inheritance, as well as the human Beast Tamer it chose.

The spirit of the Blue Sea Ruins understood that it was time for the Blue Sea Sprite Reincarnation to separate from this Beast Tamer.

After accepting the inheritance, the Blue Sea Sprite Reincarnation grew into a demigod-level existence in an extremely short period of time and controlled the ocean again.

And after that, both parties might not be from the same world. Although they were very grateful to this Beast Tamer for helping this generation of Blue Sea Sprite Reincarnations grow, the mission of the Blue Sea Sprite was still in the sea. It couldn’t follow beside this Beast Tamer forever.

“Huh?”

The spirit of the ruins looked at the Blue Sea Sprite and the human Beast Tamer who entered. Suddenly, its mood changed subtly.

Sensing the life fluctuations of the Blue Sea Sprite Reincarnation gradually decreasing to the monarch level, a huge question mark appeared in the mind of the spirit of the ruins.

Wait, wait, didn’t it sense that the Blue Sea Sprite Reincarnation had reached the overlord level?

It woke up again because of this.

Why did it return to the monarch level!

Was it still dreaming?

At this moment, the spirit of the Blue Sea Ruins fell into deep thought.

At this moment, they finally arrived at the Blue Sea Ruins. Looking at the holy and noble “Blue Sea Saintess” who was the “Spirit of the Ruins” in front of them, Shi Yu and Susu were also very excited.

“I knew it. There’s indeed a ‘guardian spirit’ in the Blue Sea Ruins.” Shi Yu had an ‘as expected’ expression. He knew it. If not for the guardian spirit, how could the Blue Sea Ruins have handed Susu to him so accurately?

At this moment, Shi Yu and Susu were quite excited to see this humanoid elemental life form.

However, the spirit of the ruins was very silent at this moment.

It kept feeling that something was wrong.

Why was what it saw with its own eyes different from what it had just sensed?

What exactly blinded its perception?

Forget it, it wasn’t important anymore.

“Hello, this generation’s Blue Sea Sprite and its guardian.”

The spirit of the ruins emitted a gentle voice.

Shi Yu and Susu: …

What guardian?

Why did it feel that the style of this ruin spirit was different from theirs?

Was this how they called Beast Tamers in the totem era?

“Senior guardian, you summoned us, right?”

“Can it already accept the inheritance now?” Shi Yu said.

“Ning ~!”

The spirit of the ruins looked at Shi Yu and the others and nodded calmly. It carefully observed the Blue Sea Sprite Reincarnation and discovered that although it had yet to reach the overlord level, it was already fast.

With the help of its will, it could break through to the overlord level at any time. The foundation was enough.

It was naturally impossible for the spirit of the ruins to admit that it had sensed wrongly just now, so it felt that it seemed feasible to let the Blue Sea Sprite break through to overlord on the spot and accept the inheritance.

“Yes, it’s only a step away from the standard to accept the inheritance. If it breaks through with its will now, it can accept the inheritance.”

The spirit of the ruins nodded.

“This… Does it have to break through?” When Shi Yu heard that, he was originally quite happy, but now, he immediately wilted.

“But my Beast Taming level isn’t enough to support the overlord level… Moreover, I feel that its foundation isn’t very strong.”

The spirit of the ruins said, “Just break the spiritual contract. After accepting the Blue Sea inheritance, the Blue Sea Sprite will recover its peak strength in an extremely short period of time. At that time, no matter what, the contract can’t continue to be maintained. As for the rest, don’t worry. During the inheritance process, its race will constantly be optimized.”

“Remove the contract…?” After the ruins spirit finished speaking, Shi Yu and Susu were stunned.

Shi Yu was speechless. As expected, just as he had understood, after accepting the inheritance, Susu would probably quickly recover its demigod-level strength. At that time, the contract would definitely not be able to be maintained.

“Ning…”

Susu also looked troubled. It didn’t want to break the contract, afraid that Shi Yu wouldn’t want it after it was broken.

After all, the second team still had an Abyss Sea demigod eyeing the first team’s position covetously.

And it happened to be at the bottom of the team.

“Breaking the contract doesn’t mean anything. After accepting the inheritance, it will still be it. The experience you guys have spent together won’t disappear, so there’s no need to worry. This is only for the Blue Sea Sprite to grow faster.”

The spirit of the ruins said calmly, “Ten years pass in the blink of an eye. At that time, it will become the new master of the sea. This is the best choice for Lord Blue Sea Sprite and the entire sea.”

Shi Yu and Susu: “?”

“Ten years? What do you mean?”

The spirit of the Blue Sea Ruins said, “The acceptance process only requires ten years to let it recover the peak power of the Blue Sea Spirit.”

Susu: “?”

“Ning.” Susu turned to look at Shi Yu. Why don’t they leave? It didn’t want this Blue Sea inheritance anymore.

After ten years?! The flowers would have withered already!

Susu made a simple calculation.

It took a day to add points to a super skill, and 256 to reach “Dao Proficiency”.

In other words, it could obtain a quasi-divine skill in less than a year.

In ten years, that would be more than ten quasi-divine skills!

Although it also took time to consider the fact that Shi Yu needed to add points to other pets, the problem was that Shi Yu’s level would also continue to increase. When the time came, the time needed to add points would also decrease.

Ten years. Susu felt that when the time came, the second team would be at the Mythical stage.