Chapter 760 - 760 The Power Of A Quasi Divine Skill (3)

760 The Power of a Quasi Divine Skill (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Not really… It’s mainly because this Wind Kirin fossil is relatively intact. It came from the Dragon God Mystic Realm and was given to me by the Sea Dragon King. I’ve also come into contact with other Mythical fossils, but only one has the conditions to revive…” Shi Yu said.

The Elven Empress looked at the Dragon God. No wonder the Dragon God knew what was going on. So this new Mythical race was a member of Dragon Palace City?

The mechanical phantom beast system actually had the participation of Dragon Palace City.

“Congratulations.” The Elven Empress smiled and said, “Unfortunately, it’s not a dragon. Otherwise, the candidate for the next Dragon God of Dragon Palace City can be confirmed in advance.”

“Is that so?” The Dragon God shook her head. Forget it, after being shocked, the Dragon God recovered her calm. Compared to this, she was still more curious about whether Shi Yu could crack the spatial ruins left behind by the Time Sprite.

So be it if it was a kirin. It wasn’t important anymore.

But from the looks of it, if this Wind Kirin grew to the overlord level, Shi Yu, who planned to participate in the world competition, would have a high chance of winning the championship…

She looked at Shi Yu. The Elven Empress suddenly realized this and felt a headache for her contestants.

Although the Elven Empress didn’t think that her contestants had the talent to win the championship and obtain the blessings of the World Tree, hoping that they could gain more growth during the participation process, it was still a little uncomfortable to have seen this spoiler of the outcome in advance.

Mythical race!

In the previous world competitions, there had never been such a ridiculous battle pet.

If it were the previous world competition, the Mythical race’s overlord-level pet would definitely have locked onto the champion’s throne!

However, this time, although it was still very advantageous, the Elven Empress couldn’t figure out the specific situation.

Although Dragon Palace City rejected participating in the world competition, demigod-level factions like the Dragon Empire, the Dark Night Forest, the Demon Kingdom, and the Arctic Snowfield responded.

Although these demigod factions might not be able to take out Mythical pets, they probably could let their legend Beast Tamers contract invincible overlords and their special talent legendary hybrid Beast Tamers contract totems above their level at all costs.

Therefore, the Elven Empress felt that this world competition might be the most difficult and cruel one.

“What’s its skill?” However, out of curiosity, the Dragon God still asked Shi Yu about the quasi-divine skill of the Wind Kirin.

Regarding this, Shi Yu replied, “Wind Blessing. It can use the wind of nature to increase luck.”

“Not a battle-type skill, but a luck-type skill?” The Dragon God was stunned.

“Isn’t it a battle type?” The Elven Empress was also slightly surprised. In that case, the battle power of this Wind Kirin would be greatly reduced.

However, luck-type quasi-divine skills were also very good. At their level, they naturally knew that ethereal things like luck really existed and were very important.

Especially for a country’s faction, the fate of the country was abnormally important.

In an instant, the Elven Empress was rather envious of Dong Huang. If Shi Yu was a Beast Tamer from Tingxiang, she would definitely nurture such a Beast Tamer as an heir no matter what. Coupled with quasi-divine skills like luck, he could probably make a big country prosper for thousands of years.

“But skills that increase luck shouldn’t be completely useless in battle and war, right?” Sylphra smiled and looked at the Dragon God. “Can I let this little friend fight a battle to see?”

“I’m a little curious about this ability.”

Dragon God Tian Li said, “You can ask him yourself.”

Sylvera turned to look at Shi Yu and said, “Little guy, can I?”

Shi Yu was silent for a moment before looking at Ling. Who was he fighting?

“Alright, but we can’t say for sure if we have mastered this Wind Blessing skill, because this move can originally bless other lives, but from the looks of it, it shouldn’t be able to control this move yet. It seems that it can only increase its luck. Most of the time, it’s a passive skill.”

“Moreover… who are we fighting…” Shi Yu looked around and looked at Buggy. It seemed to be the only one.

Buggy: ??

Experimental worm.

“It’s alright. I just want to prove some guesses.”

“As for the battle target.” The Elven Empress looked into the distance and said, “You’re pretty lucky. A suitable guy happened to come.”

“Looks like the skill is effective?” The Elven Empress smiled and said, “In that case, follow the guidance of the wind.”

“Wuhu ~ ~ ~ ~” In the distance, the Third Prince, the little white dragon, who had just come out of the ruins to train, immediately ran over to find Shi Yu after hearing from the Turtle Prime Minister that Shi Yu had come to Dragon Palace City to visit the Sea Dragon King.

Previously, it and its father weren’t around, but now that it was done, Shi Yu could go as a guest at any time.

It had come this time to invite Shi Yu.

However, just as it approached Blue Sea Island, the little white dragon’s happy expression stopped. It realized that something was wrong with the situation on Blue Sea Island.

After it flew close to the core area of Blue Sea Island, it immediately widened its eyes and looked at the situation below.

Shi Yu… and…

“Lord… Lord Dragon God!!!”

Damn, why was the Dragon God here!!!

“Third Prince?” Shi Yu also looked at the little white dragon in surprise.

< Name > White Azure Dragon

Energy Points: 6.99 million

Ah, the little white dragon’s strength progress was pretty good.

“I…” At this moment, the little white dragon, who had originally come to look for Shi Yu happily, was immediately stunned when it realized that the atmosphere here was solemn. Not only was the Dragon God here, but there was also a female human who had the same pressure as the Dragon God.