Chapter 768 - 768 Don'T Want The Blue Sea Sprite Inheritance (4)

768 Don’t Want the Blue Sea Sprite Inheritance (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

However, Shi Yu actually said that he could nurture a Blue Sea Sprite to peak strength? Moreover, three years?

“Ning!” Before the spirit of the ruins could refute, Susu replied trustingly. It believed it.

The spirit of the ruins was completely confused. It only felt that Shi Yu and the Blue Sea Sprite Reincarnation had gone crazy.

“Why don’t you guys leave?” The spirit of the ruins gritted its teeth. It didn’t want to waste any more effort with them.

It was better to wait for this generation’s Blue Sea Sprite Reincarnation to die and hope that the next generation’s Blue Sea Sprite Reincarnation could be more normal.

In any case, the inheritance mechanism definitely couldn’t be broken.

“No, no, no.” Shi Yu knew that he could accept part of the inheritance at this moment. How could he leave so easily?

He smiled and said, “Lord Protector, please believe us this time.”

“Believe us this time. Perhaps this generation of Blue Sea Sprites can become eternal and mythical.”

“To completely escape the fate of endless reincarnation.”

The spirit of the ruins: “?”

At this moment, Susu condensed a memory water drop and handed it to the spirit of the ruins.

The spirit of the ruins received the memory water drop.

Then, it saw unbelievable scenes.

“Ning! (Shi Yu, increase points!)”

A Water Slime was touched on the head and mastered the Infinite Devour that could devour everything to evolve.

“Ning! (Shi Yu, increase points!)”

A Water Slime. Its head was touched. It had mastered the Heavenly Frost Cold Energy that could freeze time. As it added points, the skill proficiency increased quickly.

“Ning! (Shi Yu, increase points!)”

A Water Slime that had just learned purification only took a day to be added to full proficiency.

“Master, increase points.”

In its memory, under the gaze of the spirit, a Rubik’s Cube touched the law of luck with a bang and stepped into the Mythical Domain.

“Wuu! (Beast Tamer, increase points.)”

“Yi! (Add points!)”

As the points were added, the spirit of the ruins saw many ridiculous phenomena.

At this moment, the spirit of the ruins was a little silent.

Infinite Devour. Wasn’t that the strongest water-element skill that could be traced back to the Mythical Era, comparable to the “Sea Cleansing Spirit” and the “Blue Sea Contract”?

How could the Blue Sea Sprite Reincarnation learn it?

Heavenly Frost Cold Energy. How could the Blue Sea Sprite Reincarnation master such a dual-element skill of ice and time before accepting the Blue Sea inheritance?

Also, why could these skills quickly increase proficiency as the human Beast Tamer touched the head of the Blue Sea Sprite Reincarnation?

From the memories, the so-called super skills improved almost effortlessly with Shi Yu’s help.

It was even a quasi-divine skill. The human Beast Tamer also helped his pet master it.

At this moment, the spirit of the ruins felt that it was a little unscientific.

At the same time, it seemed to know why this generation of Blue Sea Sprite Reincarnation could grow so quickly.

At the same time, it understood why it was so against the word ten years.

It was difficult to go from extravagant to frugal…

Therefore, they were really confident that they could help a transcendent life form cultivate a quasi-divine skill in a short period of time?

What was this?

The spirit of the ruins was extremely confused by Shi Yu’s skill index talent.

A real divine skill?

“Senior Protector, you should believe me now, right? As long as it masters these two skills, I can let it grow to its peak in a shorter period of time.”

“It can even surpass the peak and become a true Mythical life form.”

At this moment, Shi Yu indeed hoped that Susu could accept the inheritance in advance.

With the “Blue Sea Contract”, the cleansing power of the “Sea Cleansing Spirit” was definitely much stronger than the cleansing of mid-level skills.

At that time, with these two skills, he could add points to the entire team. Perhaps the cooldown time could be much shorter.

Obviously, this was a skill that could increase the efficiency of adding points. The earlier he obtained it, the better.

For this, he even showed the spirit of the ruins the growth experience of Susu and the others.

With a look, the spirit of the ruins was indeed silent. It looked at Shi Yu in confusion and at the human Beast Tamer in front of it.

It fell into deep thought.

“You guys, experiment in front of me. That ‘point increase’ just now.”

….

A few days later.

Under the magical power of points, after witnessing an inheritance that was even more ridiculous than the Blue Sea inheritance, the spirit of the Blue Sea Ruins was convinced.

It was willing to let Susu try accepting some of the Blue Sea Sprite inheritance in this state.

During this period, Shi Yu felt that it was a pity that apart from the inheritance power, the previous generation Blue Sea Sprite had left nothing behind.

Apart from that, it was a pity that the basic “Sea Cleansing Spirit” and “Blue Sea Contract” were different from the Wind Blessing. They were not natural quasi divine skills.

It needed to be raised to the extreme and touched the laws before it could be upgraded to a quasi-divine skill.

According to Zhong Xuan, every super skill was the embryo of a quasi-divine skill. Obviously, there were good embryos and ordinary embryos.

For example, if the control of the water element was cultivated into a quasi-divine skill, it would definitely come into contact with the law of water.

And for example, if the time mark cultivated into a quasi-divine skill, it would definitely come into contact with the time life and death law.

The use involved after cultivation was naturally different.

The reason why the Blue Sea Sprite was so strong was because it had cultivated these two skills into quasi divine skills.

And when these two skills were combined, they could undoubtedly display an effect comparable to a divine skill.

Just like ordinary time marks, they didn’t have any destructive power, but when combined with self-destruction, it wasn’t too much to say that they were divine skills.

The combination quasi-divine skill of the Blue Sea Sprite had a similar effect.

< Name > Blue Sea Contract

< Introduction > It’s a water-element and spatial super skill. Contract with the sea. No matter where you are, you can directly mobilize the power of the sea and obtain endless energy.

This skill could directly give Susu “infinite energy value”.

From this description, it wasn’t too much to say that it was a quasi-divine skill, but there were shortcomings.

Although it could mobilize endless energy, due to the difference in skill proficiency, the “quantity” that could be mobilized in an instant was also different.

Even if a water pipe could flow forever, it was impossibly difficult to drown a city.

However, the eternal rainstorm that continued to sweep through the world could destroy land.

This was the effect of the Blue Sea Contract with different proficiency. It could be said to be a super skill with very strong potential.

With this skill, Shi Yu’s team should not lack energy anymore.

Apart from that.

< Name > Sea Cleansing Spirit

< Introduction > It’s a water-element and spiritual-element super skill. It can create a spiritual body that cleanses everything. The more energy it provides when creating the cleansing spirit, the greater the cleansing strength.

At first glance, it was an “ordinary” cleansing skill, but with the Sea Cleansing Spirit and the Blue Sea Contract with endless energy, even if both skills were entry-level, as long as they were combined and given enough time, the Blue Sea Sprite could also use the endless sea energy to create the strongest cleansing spirit that could cleanse the Abyss demigod.

It was said that the first generation Blue Sea Sprite used the power of the entire sea to create a cleansing spirit and fused with the sea. Only then did the sea produce the ability to cleanse itself.

When these two skills were combined, it was the foundation of the Blue Sea Sprite as the strongest tier demigod.

Both skills were indispensable. If it lacked one, it wouldn’t be a Blue Sea Sprite.

Just like Baby Ginseng’s Moon Explosion and Time Mark, if it lacked one, it wouldn’t be a self-destructing ginseng that could destroy totems above its level.

At this moment, Shi Yu was waiting for Susu to complete the initial inheritance. As long as it learned the Sea Cleansing Spirit and the Blue Sea Contract, as long as the target of the Purification Spirit’s possession was added points, the entire team’s ability to withstand the pain of adding points could receive an epic increase.

As long as the pet didn’t waste too much time, the additional points Shi Yu needed to spend would be much less. In addition, the Spirit of the Sea Cleansing could also cleanse his fatigue. Perhaps before the World Tournament, the skill level of the entire team would be higher than expected!