Chapter 774 - 774 Seventh Pet (2)

774 Seventh Pet (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“I heard from the Tyrannical Sea Legend that the guardian of the Red God Island at that time even attacked you because of the Phoenix Mystic Realm. This kind of thing definitely can’t happen in our Dong Huang.”

“Impossible.” Ji Xiang shook her head and said, “There’s no need to say anymore.”

She was alone, but many witches of the Phoenix God Shrine had families on the Seven Islands. Some people even came from large families. Leading the Shrine to go join Dong Huang was impossible.

“I don’t want to talk about anything else. I just want to know if there’s anything I can do to help save and recover this senior. I want to communicate with it with its clear consciousness as soon as possible.”

Principal Feng: “Why don’t the two of you stay in Dong Huang first? Lu Bai has a deep connection with this senior. When he returns, we’ll communicate in depth.”

Principal Feng didn’t think that he could successfully poach them directly. Everything had to be done slowly.

Principal Feng and the others didn’t hide the Undying Dark Phoenix, because regardless of whether what the Undying Dark Phoenix said was true or false, it was no longer important.

So what if the Undying Dark Phoenix was an enemy?

In Shi Yu’s words, Mother Feng was so generous that she had even sent over Mythical resources. Even if it was an enemy, he couldn’t bear to hurt Mother Feng. Therefore, it was better to wait for Susu to become a demigod before rescuing the Undying Dark Phoenix. Even if the Undying Dark Phoenix had any schemes, under the purification of the quasi divine skill and the Sea Cleansing Spirit, it could still become the kind-hearted guardian of Dong Huang and become a good phoenix.

It could be said that from the moment Shi Yu contracted the Blue Sea Sprite that had mastered the strongest cleansing power, it had been checkmate.

Which proper Beast Tamer would use Sun Flame to cleanse the curse?

….

While the little white dragon helped run errands and form the Environmental Protection Department’s exchange team, Shi Yu experimented with the Sea Cleansing Spirit.

The Sea Cleansing Spirit looked like a blue water spirit body. Its form was identical to the Blue Sea Sprite. It could possess other living or dead creatures like undead and complete cleansing.

After Susu used the Time Fruit to temporarily reach the overlord level, it tried its best to use the Blue Sea Contract to condense a maximum cleansing sea spirit.

At this moment, this was not just a Sea Cleansing Spirit. It could be said to be a combination skill of Purification+Time Fruit+Blue Sea Contract+Sea Cleansing Spirit!

After condensing, it fused into Eleven’s body.

“Add more points!”

At the same time, Shi Yu’s hand landed on Eleven’s furry head and started adding points to the superalloy.

“Yi!” Beside him, Baby Ginseng tried its best to heal. Every pet did its own job. Chi Tong’s possession and Ling’s loading increased Shi Yu’s condition as much as possible.

After some operations, Shi Yu looked at the [Cooldown Time] and fell into deep thought.

Cooldown Time: 12 hours

With the support of the entire team, it only took 12 hours to add some super skills to a pet with the will of an overlord. The time was halved!

“It’s stable!!”

After being stunned, Shi Yu was overjoyed.

This meant that before the world competition, he should be able to let the team have three transcendent skills!

Transcendent super skills were abilities that only totem level experts could master.

With three people on his side, even if the opponent was an invincible overlord and a totem level, it might not be impossible to fight.

Susu mastering the Sea Cleansing Spirit was indeed an increase in the team’s Epic level.

Initially, Shi Yu was in a hurry to develop his telepathy talent because he was worried that there wasn’t enough time to add points and that he wouldn’t be able to kill indiscriminately in the World Tournament and be forced to find new abilities.

But now, even if his talent had not been successfully developed, the chances of winning the championship had increased by at least 30%. It was stable.

“Ning ~!!” At this moment, the team started discussing who to add points to next.

Three opportunities for transcendent skills!

Eleven’s superalloy definitely had to take up one. After all, it was the skill with the closest proficiency to transcendent in the team at the moment. It would be a waste not to do it.

Although Eleven thought that it would be best to also activate its Undying Golden Body to transcendent and create a true immortal body, it was a little embarrassed to continue competing for favor since it had already been given points to.

Susu, on the other hand, felt that it should use its Heavenly Frost Cold Energy. Time-element skills that were both supportive and offensive could definitely shine and play a key role.

Baby Ginseng, on the other hand, felt that it should use its plant control. The Time Fruit modified from transcendent plant control would definitely be the best support tool in the team. It could increase the entire team greatly.

Perhaps it could allow Ling of the Mythical race to have stable totem-level battle power after eating it.

Ling, on the other hand, felt that although it didn’t have the will of an overlord, the cost-effective ratio of Mythical Revival was still very high. After all, it was a skill that could unearth the power of a god.

Buggy and Chi Tong also had some thoughts. For example, Chi Tong wanted undead revival to reach perfection. That way, it could control totem-level undead and its battle power would also increase greatly.

Buggy also had a small idea. A transcendent-level anti-magic domain could directly cripple 99% of overlords and make them unable to control the power of nature… It was also super cost-effective.

“Wu…” Shi Yu also had a headache. At this moment, his best method was actually to temporarily give up on adding points to superalloy. After all, Eleven’s potential and strength after evolution were unknown. It was equivalent to a bet.

However, the proficiency of the superalloy was already so high. If it didn’t continue, it would be a waste.

In any case, with the enhancement of good luck, Shi Yu decided to continue gambling. Perhaps he could rely on transcendent-level evolution skills to bet on a Mythical race.