Chapter 779 - 779 Tingxiang Ancient Nation (3)

779 Tingxiang Ancient Nation (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

As for Ice Dragon and the gem cat, they were both playing cards with the Void Mantis, Lu Qingyi, and the others in Ice Dragon’s own ruins space.

When everything was ready, Shi Yu summoned Susu and set off.

Even without this pile of bodyguards, Shi Yu could be said to have the capital to cross countries.

Transnational strength was originally a positioning for Legend-level. However, it was also very easy for Shi Yu, who had mastered various ridiculous full-level skills.

Initially, Susu had a headache being a driver, but after learning the Blue Sea Contract, it didn’t matter. Infinite energy points were capricious.

On a ship, it depended on the waves.

….

Tingxiang Ancient Nation, capital, Rogue Lance.

The peak of Ting Xiang’s power was naturally the Elven Empress. However, usually, the president of the Beast Tamer Association in Ting Xiang would handle the trivial matters of the country on her behalf.

Auland, an old granny in her sixties. The Seven Nation Alliance had given her the title “Qingtian”, meaning ‘holding up the sky’.

Her strongest battle result was defeating a giant totem with strength enough to hold up the sky. Coincidentally, her main contracted pet was also a humanoid creature, from the Giant Race. Her trump card was an invincible overlord, the Earth Giant.

That was why her title was so domineering and legendary!

At this moment, President Auland had already gathered the contestants of this year’s Courtyard World Tournament, two young legends under the age of 30, and five top-notch masters who could fight overlords.

These five people were all the contestants Tingxiang had decided to send to participate in the world competition. They could only take out these contestants because the others would also be cannon fodder if they went. These could at least obtain some benefits in the overlord battle.

Not every faction was aiming for first place. When the World Tournament began, mythical and legendary ruins were everywhere. There would also be endless opportunities.

In the previous world competitions, it wasn’t like there weren’t people who obtained huge benefits and broke through to the Legendary level at the last minute in Inatella. They even obtained legendary and Mythical resources.

In terms of results, Tingxiang had some impressive results. After all, they had already been at the bottom three consecutive years.

“In a day, the overlord team of the East Sea Dragon Palace City will arrive at Tingxiang. The battle power of the dragons in the Dragon Palace City is valiant, and their strength is even above the Dragon Empire. They are very good candidates for you to test your strength before heading to Inatella.”

“In recent years, the conflict between us and the Dragon Empire has been expanding. In the World Tournament, you will definitely be targeted by them. Our Tingxiang doesn’t have many local dragon overlords. This time, we specially invited the overlords of Dragon Palace City to communicate. You have to cherish this opportunity well.”

“Yes, President Auland.”

There were five young people, three men and two women. There was also a man of mixed blood with sharp ears. He looked like a male half-elf.

The elves were one of the few transcendent races without reproduction isolation from humans. For example, those dragons, phoenixes, and humans were actually transcendent life forms who injected the power of their bloodlines into humans and forcefully changed the formation of their bloodlines. Then, those hybrids reproduced and strengthened among the hybrids.

However, elves and humans could directly reproduce. However, the chances of reproduction were really not high. Moreover, in most cases, it was not to reproduce geniuses, but hybrids with many flaws.

Although it was easy to create flawed races if the technology was not mature, compared to directly reproducing, the cost of trial and error was much lower. It was easier to form and find a stable method.

“President Auland, you were looking for us.”

After President Auland finished instructing, the five Beast Tamers left and waited for the Dragon Palace to arrive. Soon, four beautiful elves arrived. Three of them were pure-blooded elves, and the other was a half-elf. Among them, the half-elves dominated with the elven bloodline and mastered extraordinary power. They couldn’t open up the Beast Taming Space, but they could be contracted.

Of the four elves, two were overlords. They were tall and had extraordinary auras. As for the other two, including the half-elves, they were like girls. They were slightly shorter, one monarch rank and one commander rank.

They were all members of the royal family in Tingxiang.

Their talent was very good, especially the two overlord elves.

Unfortunately, they were restricted by their race and were destined to not be able to participate in the world competition alone.

Be it the seven human countries or the totem country, they were very puzzled about why the planet’s will, the World Tree, loved humans.

Things like the Blessing of the World Tree had always been given to humans.

In the beginning, competitions like the World Tournament were only held for the seven human countries.

Even if it was opened to the totem country, only human Beast Tamers under the age of 30 were allowed to participate. If other transcendent lives wanted to participate, they could only sign a contract with humans. Be it a contract with transcendent lives, an equality contract, or a contract with humans, they had to sign a contract.

Because of this, many people even guessed that humans were doted on because they were a race created by the World Tree.

However, it was undeniable that ever since the rise of the Beast Tamer profession, be it the factions mainly made up of humans or the totem factions that squeezed humans dry as nutritional supplements, they had developed quickly. Human Beast Tamers were like a catalyst for the rapid development of Earth’s civilization.

For example, the elves and dragons originally grew slowly. If they didn’t eat a large amount of resources, it would take a long time to grow naturally. However, as long as they cooperated with human Beast Tamers and entered the Beast Taming Space, their growth speed would undergo a tremendous change. Then, they would have more time to break through the racial limit.