Chapter 770 - 770 The Reason For The End Of The Mythical Era (2)

770 The Reason for the End of the Mythical Era (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

However, it looked at Shi Yu. With the help of this Beast Tamer, it would be fine to lose some of its inheritance power.

After all, if they didn’t do this, the reincarnation of this generation of the Blue Sea Sprite wouldn’t accept the inheritance no matter what.

They should be able to successfully cultivate the lost parts themselves…

Just as it was about to fall into a deep sleep, the spirit of the ruins felt aggrieved. It felt that it had purely brought this upon itself by finding a father for the Blue Sea Sprite.

If it could do it again…

“I hope everything goes smoothly…” The spirit of the ruins was silent.

Shi Yu smiled and said, “It’ll go smoothly. When it reaches the demigod level, we’ll wake you up.”

“At that time, I’ll let you witness it become a myth. If we can’t break through, we’ll also ensure that the mechanism of the Blue Sea inheritance continues.”

The Blue Sea Ruins, the Blue Sea Sprite, and the spirit of the ruins were symbiosis.

Opening the inheritance consumed the power of the ruins spirit. It would also fall into a deep sleep because of this. Only when the new generation of Blue Sea Sprites grew to the peak could it give it consciousness again through its ability and let it be in charge of the next reincarnation.

During this period, the Blue Sea Sprite would take over the right to control the Blue Sea Ruins.

After completing the mission, it was unknown if there was a next reincarnation for the ruins spirit. However, it hoped that Shi Yu and the others could really succeed and let the Blue Sea Sprite reach the Mythical stage.

After all, if there was a next reincarnation, the race level of the Blue Sea Sprite would probably decrease. At that time, it was unknown if the reincarnation would be so lucky to grow up.

The Blue Sea inheritance method had to change. Otherwise, the Blue Sea Sprite race would really be extinct.

If Susu was the reincarnation of the will of the Blue Sea Sprite to protect the sea, then the spirit of the ruins was the will of the Blue Sea Sprite to ensure that its race could continue.

“I hope so…”

After obtaining Shi Yu’s promise, the ruins spirit nodded and slowly turned into a sea-blue water drop.

Shi Yu took the ruins water drop and understood that this was the controller of the Blue Sea Ruins.

Usually, after the Blue Sea Sprite accepted the inheritance, it would devour the ruins water drop and become the new owner of the ruins. However…

“You’re still young. I’ll hold it for you first. I’ll give it to you when you reach the demigod level,” Shi Yu said to Susu in the sky.

Susu : “…”

“Ning!!” Susu was interrupted from the inheritance. It returned to its Water Slime form and still felt that this form was more convenient and comfortable.

Although the other form was stronger, it kept feeling uncomfortable using it.

In battle, the Blue Sea Sprite form, in daily life, still the Water Slime form.

At that moment, Susu watched helplessly as Shi Yu took the ruins water drop away. It couldn’t say anything.

Blue Sea Ruins… Its Blue Sea Ruins…

Forget it, it wasn’t important anymore!

Susu then revealed an excited expression.

It had already sensed the power of the two new skills.

Initially, Susu was worried about whether its strength could increase after accepting the inheritance.

But now, after sensing the power of the new skill, it was no longer worried.

Infinite energy!

At this moment, it already had unlimited energy!

Perhaps it was a little exaggerated to say this, but the energy of the entire sea was something that no number of demigods could compare to. With the energy behind Susu being the entire sea, it was completely no problem to say that it was infinite energy.

Susu could feel that it could already multiply the maximum level as its normal state without any consumption!

Could Eleven do that?!

Susu could also feel that as long as it was given enough time, it could condense 600 billion water clones in the infinite space in its body.

Baby Ginseng couldn’t condense 600 billion clones to self-destruct because it was limited by maintenance and energy, but Susu, who had endless energy, could completely do it.

At that time, with 600 billion clones exploding together, Susu would already feel that a beautiful future was waiting for it.

Apart from that, the skill Sea Cleansing Spirit had no level upper limit at all. It was not restricted at all when it was created. As long as it created the Sea Cleansing Spirit and outputted enough water-element power, even if it was at the monarch level now, it could still create the Sea Cleansing Spirit that could cleanse the Poison Dragon Totem, the Black Goat, the Black Yak, and even Yun An!!

As long as it was used with the infinite energy of the Blue Sea Contract, it could be done.

Of course, limited by the output power of the entry-level Blue Sea Contract, it would probably take a year and a half to create a totem-level Sea Cleansing Spirit. It would probably take decades to create a demigod-level Sea Cleansing Spirit. This was something Susu couldn’t wait for… It felt that it was even harder to condense than a time mark.

However, if it was only a Sea Cleansing Spirit that could cleanse overlord-level poison-type creatures, it could easily condense it.

As for the Sea Cleansing Spirit, it could also be condensed and stored in advance. Just like the Bean Bear, the Sea Cleansing Spirit not only had the power to counter poison, curse, and plague, but it could also cleanse will and emotions.

For example, if the enemy was chasing after Shi Yu and it sent a sea spirit over, the enemy would think about why they had to fight and kill. Wasn’t it good for everyone to be friendly?

If Susu was fighting Eleven, its Sea Cleansing Spirit would instantly cleanse Eleven’s battle intent. It would feel that the team shouldn’t be so chaotic. It should give in to Fifth Sister and take the initiative to surrender.

After experiencing the power of the Sea Cleansing Spirit, Susu couldn’t wait to start the next team meeting… Ah, wait, it had to use a month to prepare for battle.