Chapter 772 - 772 The Reason For The End Of The Mythical Era (4)

772 The Reason for the End of the Mythical Era (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Because of this battle, the Blue Planet space was shattered and countless genocides occurred. Because the battle frequently mobilized natural energy, the natural energy level of the entire planet also fell to the bottom, causing the entire world to enter a desolate era.”

“And the fuse of this battle shouldn’t be a battle between native creatures on Blue Planet, but a ‘foreign enemy’. Because in the Wind Kirin’s dream memory, the monster chasing it is an ‘invader’.”

“Therefore, I deduce that the Mythical Era of Blue Planet was originally an extraordinary era, but because the life civilization in the universe coveted the resources of Blue Planet and invaded, Blue Planet was forced to be involved in the war. Master, do you remember Susu’s sworn enemy, the Abyss Sea?”

“The Abyss Sea is also a faction inherited from the Mythical Era. Its power system comes from outer space, and its final goal is to pollute the Blue Planet’s ocean. I judge that the Abyss Sea should be one of the great enemies facing the Mythical Era at that time.”

“And there should be many enemies like this. The enemy that caused the extinction of the Kirin race should also be one of them.”

“This is an invasion. An invasion of a cosmic civilization against Earth.”

Shi Yu nodded and said, “Many archeologists have indeed made this guess. They think that the Mythical Era ended in a war, or in internal strife, or invasion.”

However, no archeologist could produce evidence.

Ling said, “This war should have ended with Blue Planet’s victory. However, the price of victory is too huge. The planet’s energy has almost dried up because of the divine battle. Therefore, under the request of Blue Planet’s will, the divine beasts that survived the war fell asleep one by one or left Blue Planet to find a new home and wait for Blue Planet’s energy to recover to the level of the Mythical Era.”

“At the same time, the will of Blue Planet left behind a clone that turned into a World Tree to supervise the ecology of the entire Blue Planet.”

“The invasion of the cosmic civilization should be for something. We can treat it as a ‘planetary resource’ war, but because of this war, Blue Planet went from a planet with rich resources to a barren world. In addition to the power of the native divine beasts on Blue Planet, to a certain extent, it severed the thought of the cosmic civilization wanting to invade Blue Planet again. Because there are no benefits to be found, and there was no longer a battle of this scale in the totem era.”

“However, planets can recover on their own. After enough time, Blue Planet will return to its previous state sooner or later. At that time, cosmic civilizations should invade Blue Planet again, and even the Abyss Sea. Perhaps the Abyss Sea is an inheritance left behind by a certain cosmic civilization to supervise the ecology of Blue Planet.”

“Even Yun An might be an investigation soldier sent by a certain cosmic civilization. For billions of years, there have been many civilizations passed down from outer space on Blue Planet. The Western Abyss Sea and the Eastern Yun An Race are only a part of it. No one knows how many cosmic lives have already integrated into Blue Planet.”

“And if the Mythical Era revives again, it means that Blue Planet’s energy level is about to recover to the standard of the Mythical Era. At that time, not only will those meditating divine beasts awaken again, but Blue Planet will also enter the eyes of the invaders who are eyeing Blue Planet covetously. It’s very likely that a new round of divine battles will happen around Blue Planet.”

After Ling finished analyzing, Shi Yu fell into deep thought. He felt that it was extremely troublesome.

It was better to have another totem battle.

What Ling analyzed was actually various similar versions in the archeological world today. However, these claims couldn’t be verified.

However, the conclusions Ling found through the biological dream of the Mythical Era could be proven in terms of authenticity and accuracy. If he used this discovery to participate in some archeological conference, he would for sure be able to obtain the Mythical resources. At that time, not only the seven countries, but even the other native totem countries would be extremely afraid of extraterrestrial factions like the Abyss Sea and the Yun An Clan.

For humans, the totem clans were enemies, but for the entirety of life on Blue Planet, the life forms of the universe were even greater enemies.

However, just this information was definitely not enough. It was probably very difficult to obtain recognition. He definitely had to showcase Ling, who had mastered a quasi-divine skill. Shi Yu felt that if he wanted to take this Mythical resource, it would probably be very difficult.

Apart from that, what made Shi Yu feel troubled was that Susu had already evolved into a Blue Sea Sprite. If it also wanted to participate in the World Tournament, there was a certain chance of revealing that the Blue Sea Sprite had been contracted by a human Beast Tamer. At that time, the Abyss Sea would probably target him.

Shi Yu cried. He felt that he had clearly done nothing, so why did he have so many potential enemies?

“Master, there’s no need to be sad. Think about it better. Perhaps I’m wrong.”

“But I’m still so angry. Let’s go beat up Duckie.”