Chapter 771 - 771 The Reason For The End Of The Mythical Era (3)

771 The Reason for the End of the Mythical Era (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Just like before Eleven fought, it had to condense a full Bean Bear. Before Chi Tong fought, it had to condense a full scapegoat. Before it fought, it had to condense enough Clear Sea Spirits.

“Ning!!!” Susu excitedly shared the power of these two skills with Shi Yu.

“Yes, you have to condense more.” Shi Yu nodded.

“Ning! (Right? Right?)”

“Yes, how many times you can add skills in the team before the world competition depends on whether your Sea Cleansing Spirit is powerful.”

“Let’s arrange Eleven’s superalloy first!”

Susu: “?”

The originally happy Susu’s heart suddenly skipped a beat.

It suddenly realized that the strongest effect of his Sea Cleansing Spirit was to cleanse negative emotions and pain.

When Shi Yu added points to his pet, the pet would receive super skill experience. It would be extremely painful and there was a risk of losing itself.

The longer the receiving time, the longer the additional points, and the greater Shi Yu’s consumption.

Therefore, its cleansing ability determined how much Shi Yu consumed.

If Shi Yu’s consumption decreased, the team’s increase in points could naturally increase.

Susu’s expression turned bitter. Wait, wait, was something wrong?

How was this its epic strengthening?

It was clearly an epic strengthening of the entire team.

Why did Baby Ginseng obtain powerful battle skills after evolution… And it, after finally accepting the inheritance, obtained the cleansing skill to assist the entire team…

“Ning…” Susu’s eyes were filled with tears again. It felt that after becoming a Blue Sea Sprite, it was still very bitter.

“Don’t worry, after we maximize Eleven’s superalloy, I’ll give you more points,” Shi Yu said with a smile.

“Ning!” Susu felt that this was more like it.

….

After Shi Yu and the others came out of the Blue Sea Ruins, they held the ruins water drop in their hands and looked at the Blue Sea Ruins in front of them. They could sense that they could teleport themselves to the projections of other Blue Sea Ruins with a thought.

However, each projection could only be teleported once for a period of time. It would take a long time to recover its energy, but these problems were not big. More than a hundred projection ruins could be used as a teleportation location, which was equivalent to them adding more than a hundred new escape opportunities. It was enough no matter what.

Also, after returning this time, Shi Yu could sense that he was not far from becoming a legend Beast Tamer.

The feedback from Ling’s evolution and Susu’s evolution was incomparably huge. After all, one was a Mythical race, while the other was the strongest demigod race. If he cultivated bitterly in the Blue Sea Ruins, Shi Yu felt that in less than a year, he could break through the strength of the Beast Taming Space to level seven.

This breakthrough speed would definitely be shocking.

“However, it’s still a little lacking.” After Shi Yu returned, he sighed. He still couldn’t make it to the world competition. After all, that thing was only three months away, and during this period, it was impossible for him to keep cultivating and meditating.

If no new opportunities appeared, he could probably only rely on his identity as a level-six Beast Tamer to fight in the world competition.

However, even so, Shi Yu wasn’t discouraged. Who said that a level-six Beast Tamer couldn’t become the most valuable titled legend?

After returning, Shi Yu called the little white dragon over and sent it to invite the overlords of the Dragon Palace City’s Environmental Protection Department who were willing to participate in the event in Tingxiang. As for himself, he was stopped by Ling to study the fossil dream together.

After the experiment, even with the enhancement of the good luck buff, the fossil of the Mythical creature still didn’t let them into the dream.

However, as the good luck buff and the Mythical Revival skill improved, and as Ling and the Kirin fossil perfectly fused, Shi Yu and the others captured a lot of the dream information left behind by this fossil.

At the moment, Ling was seriously and carefully analyzing.

Ling, in the form of a Rubik’s Cube, showed Shi Yu its research results in the form of a dream scene on the screen.

In the scene, it was still a Wind Kirin cub running away. Compared to the last time, the difference was that Shi Yu and the others saw the creature chasing after the Wind Kirin.

It was a creature that Shi Yu and the others had never seen before. Like those Mythical totems, its appearance looked to be made of many different species. It had a purple-red ant-like body and was extremely huge. Every hand and foot was like the limbs of a huge dragon. At the end were sharp dragon claws, and its face was as ferocious as a demon. Under its blood-red eyes were rows of sharp white teeth that revealed green saliva.

Even on its back, four pairs of long and huge sharp purple-red thorns stretched out, looking extremely evil. At the same time, the originally barren world it stepped on was even stranger. The sky and ground were covered in purple-red, as if it had formed a domain.

“What’s this?” Seeing this monster, Shi Yu could sense a huge pressure even through the screen.

Ling said, “According to the dream information, this shouldn’t be a native creature of Blue Planet.”

“Alien life invasion?” Shi Yu asked.

“Do you have any speculations? Tell me, tell me.”

“Alright, Master.” Ling nodded and said, “According to the dream information, the Mythical Era was originally an era with very abundant natural energy. All races had a chance to become gods. The transcendent creatures of that era grew easier than our era and it was easier to reach the Laws of the world.”

“In the dream memories of the Wind Kirin, it has feelings that are extremely nostalgic for the beautiful life of the past. All of this ended with a sudden war. All the creatures on Blue Planet were swept into a huge battle, including Mythical creatures.”