Chapter 775 - 775 Seventh Pet (3)

775 Seventh Pet (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

With the remaining two main positions, Shi Yu fell into deep thought and finally decided to give it to Baby Ginseng and Susu.

They all had the will of overlords, so it was easier to add points. As for who followed, it depended on the situation.

“Wu ~ ~” Shi Yu’s gains were huge. After confirming the additional points plan, the little white dragon ran back excitedly.

“Shi Yu, Shi Yu, the ten dragons have been gathered ~”

There was no need for too many overlords to go to Tingxiang this time. Ten was already a lot.

Choosing ten from the Environmental Protection Department, which had nearly a hundred overlords, was naturally easy.

The little white dragon flew over quickly, and Shi Yu walked out of the room.

“Have you gathered them? Who are they?” Shi Yu asked.

“Uncle Hei Ge… Second Brother… Doctor Shell… Sister Ice Dragon…”

Shi Yu nodded. There were some familiar faces.

Uncle Hei Ge, the Sky Penetrating Whale, a top-notch dragon-element overlord. Its energy level was nearly 90 million, so it should be able to defeat that green-scaled dragon.

The legend contestants of Tingxiang would probably be crying.

‘Second Brother’ probably referred to the Second Prince, the Primordial Thunder Dragon. It had been beaten by Eleven. Wasn’t this guy at the monarch level? It looked like it had broken through.

Doctor Shell… At that time, the overlord healer in charge of treating the Poison Dragon Radiation. Although it wasn’t a dragon, it was very normal for the exchange team to bring healers.

“Who’s Sister Ice Dragon?” Among them, only this title stunned Shi Yu.

“The Ice Feather Dragon is Senior Ice Dragon King’s adopted daughter. Senior Shi Yu, don’t you know?”

“Ah, this.” Shi Yu was stunned. He really didn’t know!

Having another sister for no reason?

It looked like Ice Dragon had also stabilized itself in Dragon Palace City and started to take in adopted daughters. A few overlords should have already gathered under it.

“Speaking of which, isn’t your crown prince also an overlord? Didn’t you call him?”

Seeing that there was no Crown Prince on the little white dragon’s list, Shi Yu asked curiously.

The little white dragon’s face darkened. “How would I dare? Moreover, that guy is a cultivation fanatic. He trains in the ruins of the Dragon Palace all year round. If he wants to break through to the totem level as soon as possible, he shouldn’t be interested in exchange activities.”

“I see.” Shi Yu nodded. The eldest prince of Dragon Palace City was a nine-clawed golden dragon. He should be the strongest dragon below the totem dragon king of Dragon Palace City. As expected of the eldest prince, it was more promising than the third prince.

After the exchange team was gathered, Shi Yu saw that it was about time. He said, “I’ll call someone else. Then, we’ll prepare to set off.”

“Alright ~!!” The little white dragon agreed repeatedly.

As for Shi Yu, he directly summoned Susu and let it bring him back to the sea.

On the East Sea, after leaving the Deep Sea Mystic Realm, Shi Yu took out his cell phone and called Senior Lu.

A moment later, Senior Lu’s voice came from the other side. “Shi Yu?”

“Senior, I’m almost done preparing here. Are you free? We can set off now.”

“On my side…” Lu Qingyi’s face darkened.” The legend of the Phoenix God Society has arrived. ”

“That Seven Islands Legend called Jie Yi of the Phoenix Court even pestered me to ask if Shi Yu and Lu Bai were the same person. When we communicated with the Phoenix pet, she said that she could sense it. My Green Phoenix also ate the Phoenix Fruit and they asked if Lu Bai gave the Phoenix Fruit to me.”

“Well… She still wants to fight me. Shi Yu, Shi Yu… Did you say something nonsense to them?”

“And your alternate identity… Why do I feel that anyone can guess it?”

Shi Yu : “…”

He had almost forgotten about the two legends of the Seven Islands.

“Cough, it’s mainly because at the end, I don’t want to hide it anymore. In any case, I’ve already obtained the resources and the Dragon Palace City army has arrived.”

“Forget about them for the time being. Let Principal Feng receive them. Let’s go to Tingxiang first.”

“Huh?” Lu Qingyi asked. “Aren’t we waiting for Dong Huang to form an exchange team?”

“Let’s not wait anymore. Dragon Palace City happens to be forming a team to go to Tingxiang. We’ll go with Dragon Palace City.”

“If you’re done over there, come over quickly with Teacher Ying.”

“Alright.” Lu Qingyi nodded.

….

After receiving the news from Shi Yu, Lu Qingyi, the gem cat, and the Void Mantis set off for Dragon Palace City in the ancient capital.

Shi Yu remembered that the Elven Empress seemed to have said that the Dragon God would also go to Tingxiang, but in the past few days, there had been no movement from the Dragon God and the Elven Empress.

After throwing the exchange mission to him, there was no more news.

So should they go together or separately?

Or had the two legendary big shots left?

Shi Yu couldn’t help but be curious, so he encouraged Buggy to ask.

Above the Dragon God Palace, when Buggy went to the Dragon God Statue to train, it passed by and asked carefully, “Wu, wu, wu.”

It told Senior Dragon God that the Beast Tamer and the others were preparing to go to Tingxiang soon. Should they go together or go separately?

In the Dragon God Palace, the Dragon God and the Elven Empress had been exchanging cultivation insights for the past few days.

The Dragon God was a demigod-level life form, and the Elven Empress, as a hybrid Beast Tamer, had the Beast Taming Talent similar to Emperor Wu. She could borrow the power of nine contracted elves to temporarily become a demigod-level life form and master quasi-divine skills.

The two legends were both experts who had come into contact with the power of laws, and they both involved wind-element laws, so they naturally had a lot of experience to exchange. When the two parties invested in the exchange, a few days passed in the blink of an eye.

“Looks like they’re ready,” the Elven Empress said.

“Then let’s go,” the Dragon God said.

“What do you think about letting Shi Yu go to that Mythical Ruins with us?” the Elven Empress said.