Chapter 773 - 773 Seventh Pet (1)

773 Seventh Pet (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

When Shi Yu was in Dragon Palace City, the legendary Beast Tamer of the Seven Islands, Ji Xiang and Jie Yi of the Phoenix Court arrived at Dong Huang.

Because their goal was clear and their destination was the Ancient Capital, Dong Huang was received by the former legend of the Ancient Capital, the principal of the Ancient Capital University, and the new legend of the Ancient Capital, Lu Qingyi.

“Teacher, do you think Shi Yu and Lu Bai are the same person?”

After Jie Yi of the Phoenix Court and Ji Xiang of the Phoenix Court arrived at Dong Huang, they were still very puzzled by this question.

Although no one in Dong Huang thought that Shi Yu and Lu Bai were the same person, they had different views after personally seeing Lu Bai crack the Phoenix Ruins.

In any case, Lu Bai was definitely not as simple as he looked. He was definitely not a Beast Tamer who was purely there to communicate. He should have been eyeing the Phoenix Ruins from the start!

In Dong Huang, the most likely to crack the Seven Islands Phoenix Ruins was the archeologist Shi Yu, who had contracted a hybrid spirit of the Phoenix Race. In addition, Lu Bai also had a similar pet…

“It’s no longer important, and we’ll know soon.” After arriving at Dong Huang, the two legends directly saw the legend of the Ancient Capital waiting for them.

“Welcome.” When Principal Feng saw the two legends of the Seven Islands, he immediately smiled and introduced himself.

“And this is the honorary president of the Dong Huang Archeological Association, Legend Lu Qingyi. She also has some understanding of the legend of Mu Huiyin and the history of the empress.”

Beside Principal Feng, Lu Qingyi nodded slightly.

“Hello, Legend Feng and Legend Lu,” the Phoenix Divine Master and Ji Xiang said.

“Aren’t Dr. Shi Yu and the others around?” However, what concerned the two of them was that Shi Yu and Lu Bai, who they had expressed to Dong Huang that they wanted to see the most, weren’t around.

“Shi Yu and the others have a mission and aren’t around at the moment. They might only return in a few days,” Principal Feng said.

Ji Xiang and Jie Yi were silent.

“Then can we know why Lu Bai can crack the Phoenix Ruins?”

“We’ve indeed studied this. We can tell the two of you.” Principal Feng nodded and said, “Let’s find a quiet place first.”

In order to rope in Ji Xiang of the Phoenix Court and the Phoenix Court, it was impossible to say nothing.

In a private room, Principal Feng and the two of them sat looking at each other and said, “According to our research, the reason why Lu Bai could crack the Phoenix Ruins back then and enter the ruins to take the inheritance without being injured by the Phoenix Ruins… Was because his pet’s bloodline is a direct descendant of the owner of the Phoenix Mystic Realm.”

“We’ve already guessed it,” Ji Xiang of the Phoenix Court said. “Therefore, the bet agreement of the Dong Huang exchange team has a certain goal from the start, right? Before coming to the Seven Islands, Lu Bai knew that he could definitely crack the Phoenix Ruins.”

Principal Feng smiled and didn’t say anything.

But it was equivalent to saying everything. If he didn’t have the confidence to win, why would he play a bet? Wasn’t that stupid?

“In other words, Dong Huang already knows the identity of the owner of the Phoenix Mystic Realm?” Jie Yi asked.

Lu Qingyi nodded and said, “The owner of the Phoenix Mystic Realm was an expert of the Phoenix Race named ‘Sun God Phoenix’ when it was alive.”

Sun God Phoenix…

Sun flames were indeed everywhere in the mystic realm.

The two legends of the Phoenix Court acknowledged it.

“And this Senior Sun God Phoenix is currently in Dong Huang. It’s the guardian of Dong Huang during the era of the empress dynasty, and it has a deep relationship with the empress.”

“What, it’s still alive?!” The two Phoenix Court legends were shocked.

No, if it was still alive, how could it leave its ruins mystic realm outside?

“Although it’s alive, it’s no different from death. I believe the two of you have also understood some of Dong Huang’s history before, right? The empress dynasty has been destroyed for a long time. The reason for its destruction is naturally because of the totem war. As an important guardian during the era of the empress dynasty, it was the first to bear the brunt when the empress dynasty was about to be destroyed. It was cursed by the enemy and could only be forced to reincarnate.”

“However, because this curse involves the power of laws, it might have come from a demigod. Even after it reincarnated, it still carried a strong plague and a second curse. It was a living disaster. For this, the empress at that time could only seal it.”

“Unfortunately, the destruction of the empress dynasty was too sudden. Before it could be unsealed, Dong Huang was already on the verge of collapse.”

The expressions of Jie Yi and Ji Xiang changed slightly.

Lu Qingyi continued, “Although it was sealed, it still retained its consciousness. As time passed, the curse power on its body became weaker and weaker. Its own consciousness became clearer and clearer, and it told Dong Huang how to recover.”

“At the moment, Dong Huang is working hard to save and recover this senior.”

“The location and cracking method of the Phoenix Mystic Realm were also told by this senior. This is a treasure vault left behind before it was sealed. Some resources inside can be used to cleanse the curse on its body.”

“If the two of you really want to confirm the origin of the Phoenix Mystic Realm, you can come after we rescue this senior.”

“This makes sense…” Ji Xiang’s expression was complicated. She had also studied the Phoenix Mystic Realm very deeply and already believed half of Lu Qingyi’s words.

Principal Feng said, “Divine Master of the Phoenix Court, according to what I know, the Phoenix God Society mainly believes in this senior, and you, Divine Master of the Phoenix Court, only rose because of the mystic realm left behind by this senior. Why don’t you bring the Phoenix God Society and join Dong Huang?”