Chapter 776 - 776 Seventh Pet (4)

776 Seventh Pet (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The Dragon God glanced at her and said, “He’s not even a legend. Do you want him to die?”

The Elven Empress smiled and said, “How could that be? Forget it then. I just feel that he might be able to help. Then, it shouldn’t be a problem to let him torment those low-level ruins in Tingxiang, right?”

The Dragon God said, “As long as it’s safe.”

“Don’t worry, I can’t bear for anything to happen to him either. This is a little genius who contracted a Mythical race.” The Elven Empress smiled and said, “If he’s as unreliable as that Lin Feng, I’ll have a headache. After all, I’m prepared to entrust him with a royal sprite.”

Back then, Lin Feng took a genius royal elf valued by the Elven Empress from Tingxiang. In the end, not long after, Lin Feng disappeared. The Elven Empress was so angry that she gritted her teeth.

The Elven Empress felt that she had not learned her lesson. This time, when she saw Shi Yu’s talent, she actually had the thought of letting Shi Yu contract a Courtyard Sprite. It could be considered to be something that deepened the connection between Shi Yu and Tingxiang.

The Elven Empress was half human and half elf. Her family, which was now the royal family of Tingxiang, involved three races: humans, elves, and half-elves. Among them, the elven royal family could be contracted.

However, it was still different. Lin Feng took the initiative to go to Tingxiang to abduct elves, while on Shi Yu’s side, the Elven Empress took the initiative to befriend Shi Yu. In the Elven Empress’s opinion, Shi Yu’s talent was even stronger than Lin Feng’s. After all, Lin Feng didn’t even nurture a Mythical pet with an evolution talent, but Shi Yu did.

Although Shi Yu was an archeologist and this profession was very dangerous, and it was very likely that he would disappear in the future after exploring ruins like Lin Feng, Shi Yu should not be that unlucky with the protection of the Wind Blessing.

Therefore, after careful analysis, the Elven Empress felt that it was very necessary for Shi Yu to contract a Courtyard Sprite to deepen the connection between the two parties.

Especially in such a revolutionary era, having one more trump card meant one more way out. Although Shi Yu was very weak now, no matter how one looked at it, contracting a Mythical race would definitely make him a legend in the future.

“He might not be willing to contract the elves on your side,” the Dragon God said.

Shi Yu came to Dragon Palace City and directly contracted the Blue Sea Sprite Reincarnation.

Now, there was another Mythical pet.

Even that worm was not simple. If the power of imagination mastered was cultivated into a quasi-divine skill, it would undoubtedly be the strongest power of law. It was a creation-type and creation-type laws had extraordinary potential.

She felt that the Elven Empress was having one-sided thoughts.

“Now this is something you don’t understand. Why do you think Lin Feng is thinking about the elves? Is it because the elves have extraordinary potential and outstanding talent?” the Elven Empress said.

As a humanoid life form, the beautiful elves, like the mermaids and dragon girls of Dragon Palace City, happened to have human aesthetics. Sometimes, what attracted Beast Tamers was not necessarily strength, potential, or appearance.

Moreover, the Elven Empress was still very confident in the talent potential of her elves. They were a group of sprites so arrogant that even the local genius legend Beast Tamers weren’t up to their standards.

“Did we forget to reply to that worm?”

“Looks like it.”

….

The result of Buggy’s question was not ideal.

After staying near the Dragon God Palace for a while without any response, Buggy immediately ran back.

“Wu, wu!”

Buggy stammered as it spoke to Shi Yu in the air.

“Not there?”

Shi Yu shook his head. Forget it, forget it. Let’s go directly.

When Senior Lu and the others arrived, they would gather the environmental department and set off!

“Are you looking for us?”

On Blue Sea Island, not long after Buggy returned, the figure of the Elven Empress appeared in the sky, scaring Shi Yu and Buggy.

Didn’t it say they weren’t around!

Buggy: “Wu…” (Damn it, they weren’t replying).

“Your Majesty.” Shi Yu immediately looked over and said, “It’s alright, it’s alright. I’m just asking when we’re leaving.”

Sylphra said, “We can set off when you’re ready.”

“In addition, you’re a level-six Beast Tamer now, right?”

“Yes.” Shi Yu was stunned. What was wrong?

“You shouldn’t be far from becoming a legend Beast Tamer, right?”

“Well… In another year or two, it feels about right,” Shi Yu conservatively estimated.

Sylphra said, “Not bad. Do you have any thoughts about the seventh contract slot?”

“The seventh contract slot?!” Shi Yu was stunned. Why was the Elven Empress asking this?

“Well, on this trip to Tingxiang, are you interested in contracting an elf?” Sylphra asked with a smile.

The elves!

Shi Yu was very surprised. “If there’s a suitable partner, I’m naturally willing. However, I might not be able to contract it in the short term. Even if I find a suitable partner, I’m afraid I’ll have to wait a long time.”

Shi Yu’s initial idea was to have one pet of all types.

Animals, plants, elements, undead, machinery, humanoids… At the moment, it seemed that there was indeed a lack of humanoid pets!

Sprites, mermaids, dragon girls, angels, demons, and so on were actually not bad choices. Now that the Elven Empress had taken the initiative to chat with him, Shi Yu directly abandoned the other options.

The Elven Empress clearly took a fancy to his potential and wanted to befriend him!!!

After contracting the sprite, everyone would be family!

Of course, the premise was that he could find a suitable partner. After all, he currently had very strict requirements for the pets of the first team. The positioning had to be beneficial to the entire team.

Shi Yu calculated that if he could become a legendary in the future, he still had three contract slots.

Shi Yu indeed didn’t have any thoughts about the seventh pet. His original idea was to see what the Space Beast Egg could hatch. If it was suitable, he would contract it. If not, it would be the second team. But now, he seemed to have another choice.

“These are small matters,” the Elven Empress said. “Before the contract, just treat it as training. If you don’t get along, there’s no need to continue the contract.”

“In that case, when we reach Tingxiang, I’ll introduce you to a few elves.”