Chapter 778 - 778 Tingxiang Ancient Nation (2)

778 Tingxiang Ancient Nation (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

….

After Senior Lu and the others arrived, Shi Yu simply received them. Then, he began to inform the little white dragon to confirm the departure time.

A day later, the large group of Dragon Palace City gathered.

The leader was a level-six Beast Tamer, Shi Yu.

Bodyguard, totem level frost dragon and gem cat.

Among the members of the exchange, there were ten overlords of Dragon Palace City led by the general of Dragon Palace City, the Sky Penetrating Whale, and the Second Prince, the Primordial Thunder Dragon.

The accompanying people were Lu Qingyi, the Courtyard Sprite Lian, the Void Mantis, and the Third Prince, Little White Dragon.

It could be said that the lineup was quite luxurious.

With this lineup, it was not a problem to fight the Heavenly Fox Nation, even if the Fox God was a top-notch totem.

And this was only the tip of the iceberg of the Dragon Palace City faction. It was enough to see how powerful Dragon Palace City was among the totem factions.

Shi Yu felt that in fact, soon, Dragon Palace City should have a new totem dragon king.

Because now that Susu had already accepted the Blue Sea Sprite inheritance, it wouldn’t be long before it could cleanse that Poison Dragon Totem.

At that time, Shi Yu could barely give it a position as a general of the Environmental Protection Department and make it become his underling. It would enjoy extremely high treatment. He hoped that it wouldn’t fail to appreciate his kindness.

After all, he had saved his life!

“The dragons are all here, right?” On an island very close to the entrance of the Dragon Palace City’s mystic realm, Shi Yu looked at the eleven Dragon Palace City members in front of him and said.

“Minister Shi Yu, everyone is here,” the Sky Penetrating Whale agreed.

Apart from those who were more familiar with Shi Yu, the other overlord dragons were paying more attention to Shi Yu.

For example, the Ice Feather Dragon that the frost dragon had taken in. It was an overlord-level ice-element divine dragon with extraordinary strength. It looked at Shi Yu and worshiped him very much.

It was endlessly curious about Shi Yu, who could make its foster mother mumble all day and never forget him, and who could be chosen by the Dragon God to lead over a hundred overlords in Dragon Palace City.

“I wonder how far Lord Blue Sea Sprite has grown,” Doctor Shell muttered quietly

“With my current strength, I should be able to crush it, right? The exchange in Tingxiang this time is not so important. I have to find an opportunity to take revenge.” The Primordial Thunder Dragon was also muttering.

At the Dragon Palace City banquet, after being tortured by Eleven, the Primordial Thunder Dragon was very annoyed. Although it had really joined the Environmental Protection Department after that, it was actually aiming to challenge Shi Yu!

Although the Primordial Thunder Dragon was a little more reliable than the Little White Dragon, the Second Prince, who came from a superior and pampered family, it had never cultivated crazily like the eldest. It was mainly because with its identity, even if it challenged an overlord above its level in Dragon Palace City, the other party would still hold back a little out of consideration.

It had never suffered the treatment of being crushed and countered.

Therefore, it remembered Eleven and Shi Yu a few more times.

Now, after some hard work, it went to ask his top-notch totem father for a legendary resource. The Second Prince had already been reborn. With the proficiency of super skills and a thunder-element legendary resource, it broke through to the overlord level in both aspects!

Invincible.

“87, 71, 66, 58…”

At this moment, Shi Yu’s gaze also swept across this batch of exchange members. Among the combatants, the Sky Penetrating Whale’s energy level was definitely the highest. Next was the Second Prince’s 66 million.

Shi Yu felt that it had probably used some strengthening legendary resource that could specially strengthen its energy level when it broke through. Otherwise, how could it have such a high energy level when it had just broken through?

The others were relatively average. Apart from Doctor Shell, who was a healer at 71 million, the others were all about 60 million. Apart from the Sky Penetrating Whale, no top-notch overlord battle power came. Even the Sky Penetrating Whale was probably here to watch over the little white dragon.

That was true. For top overlords like General Luosha, the Mermaid Queen, and even the strongest overlords like the Crown Prince, an exchange event was not worth them making a big fuss about.

However, although there was no top-notch battle power or weak chicken, and although the energy value didn’t mean anything, none of the energy values were lower than 55 million. This already explained the problem.

It was suitable to communicate with the contestants of the World Tournament in Tingxiang.

“Since we’re all here, let’s go,” Shi Yu said with a smile. “For the sake of efficiency, I’ll put you into a ruins space next. I’ll call you out when we reach our destination.”

“It’s boring on the way. I’ve already prepared special drinks and fruits in the space. Everyone can chat and communicate there first.”

“Thank you, Minister Shi Yu ~” The Black Flood Dragon overlord and the others said politely. This was the father of the Black Flood Dragon Baby that Zou Yun had contracted. Shi Yu felt that it wasn’t as strong as the Green Scaled Dragon.

“Then everyone, come in first.” Shi Yu nodded.

He now had a total of four ruins spaces. One was the Blue Sea Ruins Water Droplet. It was only used for Susu to accept inheritances and for it train with him. It could be regarded as an exclusive Mythical cultivation resource and also as the eye of a super teleportation array.

One was a legendary ruin card. As Eleven and the others’ daily training, it could also be used as equipment to strengthen spatial sealing moves.

Next was the ruins ring, which was used by Baby Ginseng to study various spiritual fruits. It was the Shi Yu family’s granary. If the food ruins and training ruins were put together, it would be a little dangerous.

Right on the heels of that was the ruin bracelet. It was eliminated by Shi Yu and was prepared by Bureau 11 to be used as a gift for Fang Lan to enter the bureau.

These guys were all overlords, so Shi Yu naturally welcomed them into the high-level ruins equipment, the ruins ring. Baby Ginseng had already prepared various spiritual fruits that water and dragon-type creatures liked, enough for them to squander all the way.