Chapter 789 - 789 They'Re Too Normal (3)

789 They’re Too Normal (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“So fast…”

A light flashed. When a warrior approached the archer, the outcome was obvious. Seeing the violent beast covered in injuries in front of it arrive in front of it at an unbelievable speed, the pupils of Annie, who was inside the giant spirit, constricted. Then, she felt an incomparable impact.

Zizizizizizi!!!

A high-intensity white electric current filled Eleven’s palm, forming a chaotic and violent electric current.

The voice was like the cry of a thousand birds.

Intermediate-level skill, Thunder Palm!

However, the lightning used was the perfect super skill, White Thunder.

Under the illumination of the lightning, Eleven’s entire body was still in the holy light. Its palm gently pressed on the stomach of the giant spirit. In the next moment, the entire giant spirit continued to disintegrate!!

“This…” The Light Sprite, Lil, and the other elves widened their eyes in disbelief, unable to understand why that Iron-eating Beast was so cruel.

This was simply a battle body even more brutal than a dragon. Wasn’t it afraid of injuries? Did it not feel pain!!

“Sister Annie!” Luo Yi and the others’ hearts tightened.

At this moment, Annie, who was inside, instantly felt a huge shock wave. She could already sense that she would be sent flying in the next second. Her life and death were unknown!

However, at this moment, the violent energy wave dissipated. Annie stood on the spot with sweat all over her face. She looked at the huge lightning palm in front of her and couldn’t move.

In his vision, apart from the white lightning, it was all darkness.

“I think we can end it now,” Shi Yu said.

“Yes… I lost,” Annie said with a pale expression.

At the same time, huge waves rose in her heart.

Was this the Shi Yu Dong Huang had promoted? He had the battle record of assassinating overlord-level ferocious beasts?

She couldn’t understand.

The word assassination.

In this kind of promotion, did that not mean that he defeated the enemy when they were weak and when the enemy wasn’t paying attention?

With Shi Yu’s strength, were they sure he wasn’t passing by the overlord territory and casually slapping it to death before leaving calmly?

At this moment, when she thought about how Shi Yu had only sent one pet and that the other few had yet to appear…

At the thought that Shi Yu still had a telepathy talent and was only a level-six Beast Tamer, Annie was shocked. She couldn’t understand the battle process just now.

What had she experienced?

And now, seeing that Annie was in the opponent’s attack range and was forced to admit defeat, Lil and the other elves were as serious as Annie.

It was too short. In just two rounds, the super genius of the Tingxiang royal family was suppressed by someone below her level.

This pressure instantly made Lil and the other elves unable to breathe. They looked at the calm Shi Yu in disbelief.

“I lost…” Annie was extremely silent.

Was this the legendary aptitude that the empress mentioned… She believed it.

“Miss Annie, there’s no need to worry.” Shi Yu smiled. Eleven returned to its restrained form and recovered.

There was indeed no need to care. Eleven was working hard and cheating. It couldn’t compare to normal situations. The other party’s level was already considered good at her age.

Shi Yu’s initial judgment was that this Annie’s strength was about the same as the Ice-Eyed White Tiger and the Mountain Tortoise.

Although it sounded weak, it was actually not weak.

Because that Ice-Eyed White Tiger and the Mountain Tortoise were definitely experts among overlords. Moreover, they weren’t young and had cultivated for at least a hundred years. Otherwise, they wouldn’t have been heavily invited by the Dragonman Empire.

As for these four elves, they were only the younger generation of the royal family in Tingxiang. Their potential was still very huge. If they gave this Annie a little more time, although the chances of becoming a totem were not high, it shouldn’t be a problem to cultivate to the level of the Green Scaled Dragon. No, it could be said to be very simple.

“Can I know… was… that its full strength just now?” Annie looked at the shrunken Eleven and asked with surging emotions.

“Huh?” Eleven lowered its head. Full strength, definitely not.

Shi Yu said simply, “No.”

He had yet to force Eleven to use the strongest battle strategy. The combination of Inner Power+Impregnable+Undying Golden Body+Overlord Will was even more brutal.

Apart from that, the superalloy combination skill just now was not the strongest combination skill they had studied recently.

The strongest combination skill was to fuse the Meteorite Demon God Metal with the perfect White Thunder Metal.

In order to simulate evolution, Shi Yu and the others had wasted a little of the power of the Demon God to experiment once and used the superalloy to create a “Yin Yang Jade” the size of a marble.

The metal the size of a marble displayed at least twice the power of the lightning arrow just now after Eleven smashed it out. Its power was incomparably terrifying, but it was a little difficult to control.

Ling silently speculated that after this move was perfected, it might really become a quasi-divine skill.

At the moment, if Eleven was erupting with all its might. Shi Yu felt that it shouldn’t be much inferior to the Green Scaled Dragon at its peak. In terms of battle power, it should have reached the threshold of a top-notch overlord. It was considered a gatekeeper with top-notch overlord battle power.

After it broke through to a perfect overlord and completed its evolution, Shi Yu and Ling speculated that its strength should be enough to defeat an old top-notch overlord like the Sky Penetrating Whale. Its battle power should not be inferior to an invincible overlord like the individual mutated Leviathan.

It was enough to carry the banner of suppressing the world competition.

“Are you really only at level six and monarch level…”

After hearing Shi Yu say that Eleven had yet to use its full strength, Annie broke.

They felt that compared to Shi Yu, the two legends in Tingxiang were both trash.

Shi Yu laughed and looked at Li and the others. “Do you want to give it a try too?”