Chapter 783 - 783 Qi (1)

783 Qi (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Sorry.”

As the newly discovered elven girl was too special, Shi Yu inevitably paid more attention and forgot that he was talking to President Auland. It was a little rude.

“Yes, I wonder how my friend’s contracted elven undead reincarnated itself.”

“As the reincarnation is incomplete, it also lost some memories.”

“In addition, it’s also very strange for it to appear in Dong Huang. Therefore, we’re wondering if that sprite passed by from Tingxiang. We came this time also to return to her hometown and see if we can recover any memories.”

“Is that so? Of course.” President Auland nodded and said, “Perhaps it’s an elf who escaped to the east during the internal strife of the elves. However, if it can reincarnate, its identity must have been very noble when it was alive. It’s worth exploring.”

“Tingxiang will do its best to help your friend.”

“Thank you very much.” Shi Yu nodded with a smile.

“By the way.” Shi Yu looked back at the elven girl and asked, “Is that little girl also a member of the royal family in Tingxiang?”

“Yeah, her name is ‘Qi’, and she’s also a member of the elven royal family. Dr. Shi Yu, what’s wrong?” President Auland asked.

She had also noticed it just now. Shi Yu had taken a few looks at Qi.

“It’s nothing. I’m just curious. Because in my perception, she seems to be the only elf present who hasn’t mastered transcendent power.” Shi Yu turned around.

“Well… Her parents are both mixed-blood elves, so her body isn’t suitable for growth. Perhaps she won’t be able to reach the transcendent level in this lifetime,” President Auland said regretfully.

“I see. That’s a pity.” Shi Yu nodded and stopped talking about this ‘prayer’ in detail.

The higher-ups of Tingxiang seemed to think that this elven girl’s body had flaws because of her mixed blood…

Although it did make sense, Shi Yu could tell through the skill index that she should have some powerful “God’s Laws” contained in her body.

It should be that this power of laws suppressed other extraordinary powers, causing her to be unable to master other extraordinary powers.

Didn’t the people in Tingxiang notice?

That made sense. It would be strange if they could discover it. Even Ling was only discovered after it really awakened a quasi-divine skill and caused a huge commotion.

And it seemed that no one could help this elven girl unearth her hidden power.

“There’s no other way.”

Shi Yu was at his wit’s end. The other party’s will was too low. Direct teaching definitely wouldn’t work.

It wasn’t enough to rely on the skill teaching manual brought by the skill index either, because there were too many materials in the teaching method of Mythical Revival that Shi Yu didn’t know, such as what the hell the Miracle Stone was.

However, through the memory water drop, there was a slight chance. However, it wasn’t big. Her ability level was too low. The absorption efficiency of the memory water drop depended on talent and foundation. If these were too poor, she couldn’t learn them.

It was equivalent to giving a seven-year-old child some experience as a soldier or king. It was impossible for him to really control a sniper rifle and fly a plane.

For example, the transcendent-level duck had to learn for nearly half a year to completely master the power of the cleansing water drop.

This was only an intermediate skill. In addition, it had the will of an overlord and even broke through to commander rank during this period. It had also taken so long.

As for himself, he had a monarch-level physique, monarch-level spirit, and overlord-level soul. He had also learned low-level Psychic power with the memory water drop for nearly a month.

For an Awakening-level elven girl, wanting her to learn the most difficult super skill, Mythical Revival, through the memory water drop might also be as painful as adding some super skills.

Although Shi Yu was curious, he was not in a hurry to talk. He would be in Tingxiang for the next few days, so there was no hurry.

….

At the banquet, the Dragon Palace and the people in the courtyard communicated very happily.

In fact, the so-called exchange was just bragging and exchanging information.

The Beast Tamers and overlords of Tingxiang didn’t know much about the ocean.

As for the overlords of Dragon Palace City, they weren’t very proficient in the information on the ground.

Everyone told each other some strange things they knew and quickly chatted.

For example, a big-bellied dwarf was holding a large bottle of beer and saying to the little white dragon with a smile, “Your Highness, you might not believe me, but I’ve seen the heir of the Dragon Empire. Compared to you, it’s simply worlds beneath!”

“Burp.” The little white dragon also drank wine with an intoxicated expression. “What’s there to not believe?”

“…” The Sky Penetrating Whale and the Second Prince’s Primordial Thunder Dragon were speechless.

The Black Flood Dragon overlord spoke. “Oh? You’re fifth in Tingxiang? Not bad. Speaking of which, my son is currently cultivating with the ninth in the Dong Huang Sequence. We can communicate tomorrow.”

The Black Flood Dragon overlord said to a young man of Tingxiang.

This kind of thing happened in various places. The overlords of Dragon Palace City were indeed very attractive, especially the Frost Dragon King totem. It even attracted many Beast Tamers from Tingxiang. They looked at the Frost Dragon King respectfully.

The frost dragon said, “Hmph, even dogs don’t go to the Dragon Empire. You don’t know the bad reputation of the Dragon Empire in the past 2000 years. Burning, killing, and looting are simply all evil. It’s also within expectations that they were almost destroyed. After all, that Dragon Hunter is pretty strong. I’ve fought with the legendary Dragon Hunter before he became a legendary. He’s very strong. Although he’s not my match in a one-on-one battle, I’m indeed a little pressured when he sent all his pets.”

“Unfortunately, after he grew up, I had already come to Dong Huang to travel as an overlord. I was even invited by Emperor Shi to create a great undertaking together and was conferred the title of the guardian dragon of Dong Huang. I wasn’t in the mood to return.”