Chapter 784 - 784 Qi (2)

784 Qi (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Impressive!!!

One by one, the Beast Tamers of Tingxiang widened their eyes and looked at the Ice Dragon King. They suddenly understood that the Ice Dragon King was the most impressive existence in the team this time.

It had actually lived for so long and fought with the young Dragon Hunter.

It was even invited by the first legendary emperor of Dong Huang, Emperor Shi, to become the guardian dragon of Dong Huang.

“Impressive.” The Void Mantis was shocked. A senior was indeed a senior.

“…” Gem Cat.

The gem cat was willing to call this exchange meeting a bragging meeting. However, it kept a low profile, so there was no need to talk about its powerful battle results.

In fact, no one noticed that the cat that followed Dragon Palace City to Tingxiang was also a totem.

It ate silently.

Of course, the one who received the most attention at this moment was still Shi Yu. For example, the four elf geniuses that President Auland had brought later had been paying attention to Shi Yu.

There were also archeologists, Mechanics, and mechanical dwarves in Tingxiang who couldn’t wait to communicate with Shi Yu.

Unfortunately, Shi Yu had been talking to President Auland, so they didn’t have a chance.

Even after the lunch banquet ended, they didn’t find an opportunity because President Auland wanted to talk to Shi Yu too much.

First was the contracting of the sprite.

“Her Majesty did tell me,” Shi Yu said.

“Then how about I introduce a few elves to you now?” President Auland smiled and planned to lead the way.

“There’s no hurry. Let’s wait until the lunch banquet ends. I’m more concerned about the ruins now,” Shi Yu said.

The Elven Empress had said that he could crack the Tingxiang Ruins as he pleased. If he successfully cracked it, everyone would split it 50-50. She wouldn’t treat him badly.

Shi Yu decided that it was best to crack a legendary resource before leaving. It was not a wasted trip.

“Ruins?” President Auland nodded. The empress seemed to have also mentioned the ruins and said that Shi Yu could easily crack the unsolved ruins in Tingxiang.

However… although Shi Yu was a genius archeologist of Dong Huang, could he really crack the ruins of Tingxiang?

After all, weren’t archeologists who listened to history more likely to crack the ruins they were more familiar with?

Wasn’t it a little difficult to crack across cultures?

“There are indeed many unsolved ruins in Tingxiang.”

“From Mythical Ruins to ordinary ruins…” President Auland said.

Shi Yu definitely wouldn’t touch the Mythical Ruins in the short term.

Shi Yu still had some limits.

He knew that the most dangerous place was the Mythical Ruins. Even if there were treasures inside, he couldn’t afford to take them for the time being.

For example, regarding the guardian beast, the legendary ruins might only seal totems, while the Mythical ruins might have real Mythical creatures sleeping…

Even legendaries like Emperor Shi and Lin Feng were said to be powerless in the face of Mythical Ruins.

Therefore, ruins mystic realms below the legendary level were Shi Yu’s first choice.

Of course, Shi Yu didn’t forget the main mission of this trip. It was to continue searching for the Space Emperor Ruins and hatch the pet egg.

Next, after understanding a few legendary ruins from President Auland, Shi Yu was satisfied. These unsolved legendary ruins involved humans, elves, dwarves, giants, dragons… There were all kinds.

Shi Yu decided to take the time to take a look at them one by one.

….

After the banquet ended.

Shi Yu and the others were arranged to rest in the nearby huge palace.

Although tomorrow was the exchange battle between the Dragon Palace and the young geniuses of Tingxiang, the other exchanges had already started after the lunch banquet.

First was Shi Yu and Lu Qingyi.

President Auland said that she would get two elven geniuses to visit Shi Yu in the afternoon.

One of the two had extraordinary battle power, while the other was knowledgeable. The latter should be able to help the companion Shi Yu mentioned.

Tingxiang Imperial Palace.

The four elven geniuses that President Auland had brought back then were already prepared. At the exchange banquet, although they couldn’t communicate with Shi Yu, through their interaction with the legend Mechanics and archeologists in Tingxiang, they already knew that Shi Yu’s achievements were extraordinary!

Mechanical phantom beast system!

This was an epoch-making invention. If Tingxiang could obtain it, the overall strength of Tingxiang might be able to catch up to the four countries a hundred years later.

This was a major research result that could increase the strength of an entire country and ensure the foundation of a country.

The Mechanics in Tingxiang could be said to be extremely shocked that such a genius Mechanic could come to Tingxiang, but President Auland didn’t give them a chance to come into contact at all. This was also the most uncomfortable thing.

Of course, they also understood that even if they came into contact with him, they definitely wouldn’t be able to obtain the mechanical phantom beast technology.

Talent could indeed give a Beast Tamer additional points. After hearing their own people praise Shi Yu, these elves thought much higher of Shi Yu, especially the two overlord-level elves. They felt that it didn’t matter if the Beast Tamer was weak, but he mainly had to be talented.

Moreover, Shi Yu wasn’t weak either. As the number one person below the legend of Dong Huang, they had seen Dong Huang’s promotion and the battle record of assassinating an overlord.

This afternoon, President Auland planned to let the two overlord-level elves, the Fire Elf Annie and the Light Elf Lil, come into contact with Shi Yu first. However, the Blood Elf Loy and the Forest Elf Hillia also wanted to join in the fun. They hoped that their two sisters would bring them along.

Annie and Lil didn’t refuse. When the four of them were ready, they went to the temporary address of Dragon Palace City to visit Shi Yu.

However, just as they passed by the royal training ground, they stopped slightly and looked over.