Chapter 780 - 780 Ancient Kingdom Of Tingxiang (4)

780 Ancient Kingdom of Tingxiang (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The appearance of the Beast Taming Space and Beast Taming Talents greatly increased the upper limit of the growth of transcendent lives.

“Well, I called you over also because of the Dragon Palace City exchange team.” President Auland nodded.

“Are we also participating in the exchange?” Among the four elves, the leader was a mature female elf in leather armor with a fiery figure and long red curly hair. She had a puzzled expression.

“No, but it’s also related to this matter.” President Auland looked at the four elves and said, “There will be a Beast Tamer from Dong Huang in the exchange team of Dragon Palace City this time. Your mission is for one person to obtain his recognition and contract with him.”

“What?” As soon as President Auland finished speaking, another overlord-level elf with long golden hair, a white princess dress, and sky-blue eyes said, “President Auland, you’re not kidding, right?”

“Sign a contract with Dong Huang’s Beast Tamer?” The young half-elf also widened her blood-red eyes and said in confusion.

“Why are we doing this?” The last elven girl with four pairs of transparent light wings and emerald green hair also asked in confusion.

After all, their status in Tingxiang was extraordinary. Even if it was those legend geniuses in Tingxiang who were enough to fight in the world competition, as long as they were unwilling, the other party was not qualified to enter an equal contract with them.

In terms of race level, the four of them were all high-level overlord races. Although they wouldn’t necessarily become totems, they had a high chance of charging at the totem level. As for the overlord level, the end point of other creatures would only be their starting point.

“This isn’t my intention, but Her Majesty’s.” President Auland shook his head and said.

Her words shocked the four elves opposite her.

Just like how the sons and even totems of Dragon Palace City didn’t have much chance to see the Dragon God, in Tingxiang, the Elven Empress was also a mysterious and high and mighty existence. Even in Tingxiang’s royal family, not many people could see her.

And such a high and mighty Elven Empress actually took the initiative to ask them to contract a human, a human who wasn’t from their country?

Who exactly was the other party to make the empress take him so seriously?

“Her Majesty said that this is also for your own good. She won’t force you. She only provided you with an opportunity. Whether you can grasp it depends on yourselves.” President Auland was actually very incredulous at this moment, but after all, it was said by Her Majesty herself. She didn’t have the right to speak at all.

“Grandma Auland, who is this person?” The only hybrid, the Blood Elf girl, said in a daze.

“Ye Xing? Divine Bell?”

The fiery female sprite was very knowledgeable. She directly locked onto the two most talented Beast Tamers of Dong Huang and asked.

“It should be the divine bell. It’s said that she’s a descendant of the Dong Huang Divine Source Legend.”

If it were her, it seemed to be understandable. This divine bell was extremely mysterious, and was even a legendary’s descendant. She was also a genius legend. If she stood in the common interest of Tingxiang and Dong Huang, the deep alliance between the two would be beneficial to both parties.

In addition, she had two overlords, so they definitely had to be at the Legend level to be qualified to contract them.

If it was Divine Bell, the identities of both parties were really on the same level. No, they would actually be the ones looking upwards.

After all, they weren’t directly related to the Elven Empress, and the Legend Divine Bell was a descendant of the Divine Source Legend.

“Divine Bell?” President Auland shook his head and said, “It’s not her.”

“She’s just a legendary’s descendant. It’s not worth Her Majesty’s attention. Her Majesty said that the Beast Tamer of Dong Huang she mentioned will definitely become a legendary himself in the future.”

Definitely become a legendary?!

The four elves were shocked. Was this evaluation serious?

There were less than three legendary Beast Tamers even since the founding of Tingxiang.

Who exactly was it that received such a high evaluation from the empress?

“I don’t know if you’ve heard of his name,” President Auland said. “Shi Yu, a genius archeologist of Dong Huang. It means that he has developed the mechanical phantom beast system. At the moment, he’s the number one person below the legends of Dong Huang, a level-six Beast Tamer.”

To be honest, although Shi Yu’s name had a huge impact on the machinery and archeology of the seven countries, his name was really not very familiar to this group of genius elves. After all, the most popular topic in the seven countries recently was still the World Tournament.

And the ones with the highest discussion in the World Tournament were undoubtedly the geniuses from various countries who had already reached the legend level, as well as the legends of the totem country.

For example, Ye Xing and the Divine Bell were a group of people who received a lot of attention.

As for the title of number one person below the legend level, he was in an awkward position.

Even if he was the number one person below the legend level, he wasn’t a legend after all…

As for the world competition, legends should be the threshold to compete for the championship.

As they didn’t know much about machinery and archeology, the four elves didn’t know the meaning of this name very well.

However, the name Shi Yu still shocked them very much, because President Auland said… that the other party was only a level-six Beast Tamer?

A level-six Beast Tamer…

The two overlord-level elves looked at each other. How did the empress see that the other party had legendary potential?

“Her Majesty didn’t tell me the specific reason, but Her Majesty must have her reasons for saying this. It’s worth mentioning that this Shi Yu is the leader of the Dragon Palace City exchange team this time. He also has a high status in Dragon Palace City.”