Chapter 787 - 787 They'Re Too Normal (1)

787 They’re Too Normal (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

After Eleven appeared, the gazes of the four elves present gathered on it.

“What race is that?” Blood Elf Luo Yi asked.

The other three elves were also transcendent life forms. Because of their physiques that were affinity with nature, they could also clearly sense the terrifying energy hidden in Eleven’s body better than humans.

Although it wasn’t big, seeing Eleven’s eyes was like seeing endless lightning explode in front of them. It was extremely shocking.

“Iron-eating Beast, metal-element… I investigated yesterday. This should be Sir Shi Yu’s initial pet, his trump card battle pet. It has already evolved. Look at its eyes, ordinary Iron-eating Beasts are black, but its is like blue lightning,” Lil said.

“Although it’s still at the monarch level, the quality of this energy is ridiculously high…”

Metal element!

The pet fire sprite facing fire actually sent out a metal-element pet!

However, after all, this was Shi Yu’s trump card. The elves could understand.

Shi Yu probably had to continue summoning other pets.

However…

“Aren’t you going to summon other pets?” At this moment, seeing that Shi Yu didn’t summon other pets after summoning the Iron-eating Beast, Annie frowned and asked.

Shi Yu shook his head.

“No, let’s do this first,” Shi Yu said.

Shi Yu was still very clear about the strength of every pet.

At the moment, it was a little bit pressuring to fight a top-notch overlord, but it should be relatively easy for Eleven to fight an ordinary overlord.

Shi Yu’s words instantly made Annie fall silent. She knew that she had been underestimated by Shi Yu.

“Although your strength is not bad, are you underestimating me?”

Her emotions instantly surged. She raised her long white arm. Then, a fire bow made of elements appeared in front of her. She held it and aimed at Eleven.

“If you underestimate your opponent, you will pay the price.”

As soon as she finished speaking, with a hum, a soaring flame had already gathered. With a cry, a bow wave that was like a flaming Undying Bird shot out from Annie and attacked Eleven!!

“Jiu!!!”

The Undying Bird’s Arrow swept up endless flames and triggered a small portion of the natural energy in this ruin. As a test skill, Annie didn’t use her full strength, but it should be more than enough to instantly kill those below the overlord level.

This move was indeed strong. As it flew, it seemed to have roasted space until it was blurry.

If it landed in the outside world, it could probably trigger a huge fire that lasted for months.

Boom ~ Boom ~ Boom ~ Boom ~

Accompanied by the roar of flames and the explosion of heat waves, this huge attack descended with a bang. In an instant, the Undying Bird Arrow swallowed Eleven, as if it was wrapped in endless purgatory.

“Tank it.”

Shi Yu’s expression was calm.

On the other side of the arena, Annie’s expression suddenly changed.

An even more dazzling light flickered on the Undying Bird Arrow that swallowed Eleven.

Right on the heels of that, this light became stronger and stronger. The sea of fire kept deforming and exploding amidst the bangs. Then, it instantly turned into countless tiny fire snakes that flew in all directions.

In the center of the light, a battle beast about three meters tall in black and silver armor was still looking at its opponent with a domineering gaze despite its injuries!

Boom!

Deterrence erupted, and the scattered fire snakes were instantly annihilated.

The terrifying deterrence was like an Asura aura, instantly enveloping the entire venue, making the overlord, Annie, turn pale with fright. She felt that the surrounding natural energy was suppressed by the deterrence.

What was this!!

The other three elves also couldn’t understand. How was this possible? A monarch had forcefully withstood the attack of an overlord. From the looks of it… it only looked like a light injury? No, for pets, it would be as if its coat were stained with dust?

“Eleven,” Shi Yu said. Eleven, who was in the deterrence aura, moved without any effect.

Of course, the opponent couldn’t understand. Although the energy value they could sense from Eleven looked like it was only at the monarch level, in fact, its physique had long reached the overlord level after continuous strengthening!

This was very difficult for the elves to sense!

Eleven had never given up training after reaching the limit. Its level was no longer as simple as transcendent.

In addition to its extremely high physique foundation and the two legendary body-forging resources, Aurora Magnetic Gold, its physique defense reach an unbelievable level.

Of course, the most important thing was that after the Undying Golden Body reached perfect proficiency, the Undying Golden Body had already turned into a passive state. Similarly, it had undergone an epic strengthening of the physique. As long as the opponent couldn’t instantly kill Eleven, 50% of the damage would be converted into vitality to repair the damage Eleven suffered.

A series of body tempering skills and resources combined with extremely high basic physique talent created a monster that could withstand overlord-level moves without any problems at the monarch level.

Unless it was a top-notch overlord battle power, Eleven could fight as it pleased now.

“Roar!!!” Shi Yu gave the order, and Eleven also launched a counterattack. After a few months of cultivation, it wasn’t just defensive methods that had been strengthened.

< Name > Superalloy

< Introduction > It can synthesize the power of different metals and complete super evolution. The success rate of evolution depends on skill proficiency, metal compatibility, and one’s endurance of new alloys.

Although superalloy was an evolution skill, no matter what skill it was, as long as the proficiency was high enough, it could give birth to enough usage methods.