Chapter 785 - 785 Qi (3)

785 Qi (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

It was a sprite about eleven or twelve years old. She was not tall and had light pink long hair. She was wearing a white dress and holding a bow with a green bowstring and a silver bow arm. She was practicing archery.

Their gazes stopped on this sister for a moment. They were naturally not unfamiliar with this “Qi” situation.

The other party didn’t have any transcendent power, but this “Qi” didn’t give up. At least, she still had the physique of the elves’ natural energy.

This allowed her to control some energy equipment like a fish in water.

With the help of this level-two equipment weapon, “Wind Bow”, although she didn’t have transcendent power, she could rely on it to have a certain amount of battle power, probably comparable to transcendent creatures.

Every time the Wind Bow was pulled, it could mobilize a weak wind power to form a Wind Arrow.

In Qi’s opinion, since she didn’t have transcendent power, as long as she could use various transcendent equipment and weapons proficiently, she could still have battle power and not be underestimated.

In the last totem battle, didn’t the humans rely on various powerful mechanical equipment and weapons to win?

In Tingxiang, dwarves were natural weaponsmiths. Their greatest interest was to collect various equipment and weapons to enrich their strength.

However, equipment and weapons were external forces after all… “Qi” was still limited in the recognition of the various royal teachers. In addition, because she couldn’t grow successfully through transcendent power, its lifespan might also be much lower than that of ordinary elves.

“Hello, Qi.”

Qi, who was practicing shooting, quickly turned around and saw a girl with blood-red hair calling him.

“Sister Luo Yi.”

“Sister Annie, Sister Lil, Sister Hillia…”

Seeing the four people gathered together, Qi was nervous.

After all, these four were the most talented elves of this generation.

Although there was a trace of stubbornness in her heart, Qi was still a little weak in personality. She didn’t have much confidence when facing other more talented royal elves.

“Qi, do you want to go and play together?” Luo Yi called out to him.

“No, thank you, I still have to practice shooting,” Qi said.

“You can train another day. We’re going to Dragon Palace City.”

“I better not go.”

“Luo Yi.” Annie glanced at Luo Yi and told her not to force it. Since Qi was willing to practice archery, let her continue practicing.

“Alright.” Luo Yi pouted.

….

At Shi Yu’s residence.

Shi Yu had been reading the ancient books of Tingxiang for a long time.

He had asked the maid in charge of taking care of them to get it from the royal library.

Such a book that recorded the ancient history of Tingxiang couldn’t be seen in Dong Huang.

It was very helpful for him to explore the ruins of Tingxiang next.

At the same time, Shi Yu was also waiting for the elven geniuses President Auland mentioned to come.

“Sir Shi Yu, Annie, Lil, Luo Yi, Lady Hillia are visiting…”

The voice of the maid sent by Tingxiang to be in charge of their itinerary came from outside the door, making Shi Yu look up.

“Let them in.”

“No, I’ll go out and welcome them,” Shi Yu said.

Soon, he went out directly. After thanking the maid beside him, he walked out of the door and saw the four elven geniuses outside.

At the same time, he understood. It was indeed these four. At the banquet, he had already made a judgment. Tingxiang would most likely recommend these four to him.

Overall, they were younger and had stronger potential and talent. They belonged to the type of people that legends and even titled legends would be very tempted to see.

“Sir Shi Yu, sorry to disturb you.” At this moment, they finally saw Shi Yu with their own eyes. The two younger sprites were a little excited, wanting to see what was special about Shi Yu. As for the two older overlord-level sprites, they were relatively calm.

“You’re not interrupting. Welcome, everyone.” Shi Yu’s expression was calm, and he was very nervous.

Could they really be contracted?

The elves were different from elemental elves.

They were completely made of flesh and blood.

Apart from some elf characteristics, they looked no different from a human.

It was even more humanoid than dragon girls and mermaids.

“Everyone, please come in first,” Shi Yu invited.

A moment later, everyone sat together. The golden-haired Light Elf, Lil, was the first to ask, “Sir Shi Yu, I heard from President Auland that you have an elven friend from Tingxiang who wants to explore the mystery of her identity, right?”

“Perhaps I can help.” As a royal librarian, Lil was still very confident in her knowledge reserves.

“Yes, thank you, but my friend might only arrive later,” Shi Yu said.

“Why don’t we talk about something else first?” Shi Yu smiled. There were a few things about the ruins that he wanted to understand more…

However, just as Shi Yu finished speaking, the Fire Sprite, Annie, said, “Sir Shi Yu, I heard that you’re the number one person below the legend level of Dong Huang and have even defeated an overlord. I’m very interested in Dong Huang’s pets. How about we spar a little?”

As soon as Annie finished speaking, the hearts of the other three elven geniuses skipped a beat.

They knew that Big Sister Annie’s personality was straightforward and that there would be problems.

What kind of person wanted to fight right from the start?

Heartbreak.

Annie was also too curious. This was because the Elven Empress’ evaluation of Shi Yu said that he would definitely become a legendary. Even if Shi Yu was only at level six at the moment, there should be something very special about him. She couldn’t wait to see it.