Chapter 786 - 786 Qi (4)

786 Qi (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

She wanted to see the Beast Tamer of Dong Huang that the Elven Empress mentioned had an extremely high evaluation. What was so powerful about him that he was stronger than the two legend geniuses she knew?

With legendary aptitude, defeating an overlord-level genius like her at level six shouldn’t be a problem, right?

“Uh.” Shi Yu was slightly stunned, but he didn’t mind. “Sure, I suppose.”

“However, I’m very strong.” He smiled at the other party.

[Level of Growth]: Overlord

Energy Points: 50,110,000

This number was very good for the elves.

The elves weren’t a race with high energy values. They were more experienced in mobilizing the power of nature. Although the energy data wasn’t high, the skills used after mobilizing the power of nature were ridiculously powerful.

After Shi Yu nodded, Annie smiled brightly. Shi Yu was not coy. It was alright.

“I have a high-level ruins space that can withstand battles on the scale of overlords. We can go there to fight,” Annies seemed to be prepared and said.

“Alright.” Shi Yu nodded.

At this moment, the other three elves looked at each other and had a headache. They didn’t know what the outcome would be…

….

After Annie took out the high-level ruins equipment, Shi Yu and the others entered on the spot and arrived at another alternate space.

This place was like a training ground, but the surrounding fire elements were rich, and the ground and sky were red. Annie said, “This is the training ruins of the royal archer team I’m in charge of.”

“Sir Shi Yu, the rules are very simple. There are no rules.”

It meant that it was up to Shi Yu to send a few pets. She was at the overlord level, and Shi Yu had yet to reach the legend level. Overall, it looked like she was taking advantage of him. However, Shi Yu was also a top-notch Beast Tamer and had the strength to fight against the overlord level. If it was an irregular battle, she didn’t take too much advantage.

“Sister Annie’ home ground…” The Blood Elf girl and the Wood Elf girl discussed softly.

They felt that this Sir Shi Yu might be a little in danger. After all, here, Annie could mobilize very strong fire elemental power.

At this moment, Annie was already standing on one side of the red ground, while Shi Yu was on the other.

“Then, let’s start as soon as possible,” said Annie.

Shi Yu also nodded. He wanted to end the battle quickly. After all, Senior should be coming over later.

Therefore, Shi Yu thought for a moment and directly summoned Eleven.

Under the light of the purple level-six summoning array, a one-meter-tall panda cub appeared in front of Shi Yu. It shook its hair and opened its blue eyes.

“Wuu?” Eleven looked at the surrounding environment and then at the tall and fiery Flame Elf opposite it. It understood who its opponent was!

Fire element?

Eleven showed a fearless expression.

It was least afraid of thunder and fire.

The former could be absorbed.

As for the latter… Its tempered skill wasn’t just there for show! Its physique, which was trained with Chi Tong’s Sun Flame every day, was not for show!

If there was a Thunder Resistance and Fire Resistance skill, Eleven should have advanced into the Dao at the moment.

After all, in order to train tempered steel, it often trained its body in the Sun Flame Domain created by Chi Tong after it ate a time fruit and went into full overlord strength.

“What a strong energy wave!” As soon as Eleven appeared, battle intent erupted. As for Annie, she was slightly shocked to see Eleven, who was like a cub. As the owner of the ruins, she was relatively clear about Eleven’s energy state.

This guy should still be at the monarch level, but its energy level definitely exceeded 10 million!! Moreover, it didn’t just exceed a little.

Scary.

This was the first time she had seen a monarch with such a ridiculous energy level.

Her perception was right. Eleven’s current energy level had already exceeded 15 million. A pile of racial super skills was only a step away from perfection. Apart from that, it also had three perfect non-racial super skills.

After all, ordinary overlords only had one perfect super skill.

In addition to the overlord’s will…

It could only be said that if it fought that Mountain Tortoise again, even without the support of the ginseng baby, Eleven wouldn’t be as miserable as a few months ago, where it couldn’t break through its defense after fighting for a long time.

At the moment, Eleven’s strongest combination skill, the Yin Yang Jade that used superalloy to fuse the White Thunder Metal and Dark Thunder Metal… Even Chi Tong and Buggy, who had overlord undead and physical puppets, were unwilling to deal with it. After all, this was already the ultimate profundity formed by super skills. It would crush overlords.