Chapter 781 - 781 Tingxiang Ancient Nation (5)

781 Tingxiang Ancient Nation (5)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“As an honorary general of Dragon Palace City, he’s in charge of a special department and has nearly a hundred overlords under him. The training team that came this time are all Shi Yu’s subordinates in Dragon Palace City.”

If the concept just now was a little abstract, then when President Auland said this news, the four elves present were stunned for the first time. What a joke!

A level-six Beast Tamer had nearly a hundred overlords under him?

Even if it was a totem dragon king alone, it didn’t have so many overlords under it, right? This meant that he had captured all the overlords in Dragon Palace City in one go!!

How was this possible? Although the relationship between Dragon Palace City and Dong Huang was already very good, it was definitely impossible for a level-six Beast Tamer to have nearly a hundred overlord subordinates!

How could this Shi Yu have such a high status in Dragon Palace City?

“What exactly is Her Majesty doing?” At this moment, not to mention the four elves, even President Auland was rather puzzled and shocked. She didn’t understand why Her Majesty would evaluate a new generation genius of Dong Huang like this.

He would definitely become a legendary?

A ridiculous evaluation.

However, compared to the four elves, President Auland indeed knew Shi Yu’s achievements better. The mechanical phantom beast system was indeed an epoch-making invention. It even made the Shen Feng Nation buy fossils crazily. Could it be that Dong Huang and Her Majesty had reached some kind of condition? For example, the mechanical phantom beast technology? It didn’t feel like it… If that was the case, Her Majesty wouldn’t have such a high evaluation of Shi Yu.

The key was definitely Shi Yu himself.

She didn’t know now, but she should know soon. As long as the four of them came into contact with Shi Yu, they would know why this level-six Beast Tamer had a higher evaluation than a legendary’s descendant like the Divine Bell Legend in the words of the empress.

Moreover, if this person was really as extraordinary as the empress said, he would definitely become the most dazzling new star on a larger stage!

….

After driving the ship, Shi Yu and the others finally arrived at Tingxiang.

At the port of Rogue Lance.

After approaching, Shi Yu called everyone out.

Frost Dragon, Gem Cat… The Second and Third Princes and the other Dragon Palace members descended on the sea.

At this moment, the descent of a huge dragon and even many divine dragons could be said to have instantly shocked the Sea Sprite army stationed in Rogue Lance.

They almost thought that the Dragon Empire was attacking.

After all, it looked like the leader was a huge dragon.

However, immediately, the in-charge remembered that a Dragon Palace City exchange team would arrive soon.

President Auland had been waiting for a long time in Tingxiang. She stood on the port and enjoyed the sea breeze. When she saw the Dragon Palace descend, she immediately smiled.

“Welcome, distinguished guests. Please follow me,” President Auland said.

“Hello, President Auland.” As the leader, Shi Yu took the responsibility of communicating.

The frost dragon couldn’t be bothered with this. It had already shrunk to a normal size, about two to three meters tall, and was very cute.

As a totem level, it already had the ability to modify race and develop skills. The first thing most totem creatures did was to develop multiplication skills to allow their physiques to reach a suitable scale in different occasions.

At the same time, maintaining a smaller state was also beneficial to long-term activity. Otherwise, it was fine to move with a hundred-meter-long body to show off his domineering aura or fight, but if it was daily boredom and purely looking for trouble, it would be hungry very quickly. It was better to sleep.

“Sir Shi Yu.”

“And this is Sir Ice Dragon King, right?”

President Auland looked at the Ice Dragon King with the most prominent identity. She was very curious about a dragon joining Dragon Palace City because most dragons would join the Dragon Empire. However, she also knew that this was related to the fact that this ice dragon was the battle pet of the predecessors of Dong Huang.

At the same time, it was also related to Ice Dragon’s own nagging. After all, the inheritance of the Dragon Empire 2000 years ago was almost destroyed by a human Beast Tamer. The prestige of the Dragon Empire immediately decreased in the young Ice Dragon’s heart.

At that time, it didn’t resist with those dragons. In order to prevent itself from being implicated, it decisively slipped away and slipped to Dong Huang. Then, it was captured by Mu Huiyin as a cooler.

Although the life of fighting side by side with Mu Huiyin was very painful, it did change Ice Dragon a little.

“I am. You’re President Auland from Tingxiang, right?” Ice Dragon saw that the other party was talking to it and replied, “I hope this exchange can go smoothly.”

Titled legends also had classifications. For example, President Auland was considered a normal Titled Legend. She could fight against totems and even defeat weaker totems.

As for Mu Huiyin, she was a relatively strong Titled Legend. During the totem battle, the totems they faced were basically top-notch totems. At that time, it was very difficult for ordinary totems to survive. They were directly killed by Emperor Shi as the first batch of targets. As for Mu Huiyin, although she couldn’t defeat top-notch totems, she could still resist for a long time and not fall behind. As expected of the number one general under Emperor Shi.

In Ice Dragon’s opinion, that Tyrannical Sea Legend wasn’t bad either. His full strength wouldn’t be much weaker than Mu Huiyin, and the current President Lin Xiaolin of Dong Huang might be even more terrifying. Ice Dragon had never seen this guy send his pet, but this guy shook a bunch of totem-level Lin Feng’s second team with a shake. This was already almost a f*cking legendary Beast Tamer.