Chapter 782 - 782 Tingxiang Ancient Nation (6)

782 Tingxiang Ancient Nation (6)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

As for this Auland, she was clearly inferior, so Ice Dragon was also very unyielding.

Therefore, it made sense for Tingxiang to be the weakest country among the seven countries.

Not only was the strength not strong, but they were also in a hostile relationship with two demigod factions. The situation could be said to be very tense.

“Of course.” President Auland smiled and said, “But there’s no hurry for the exchange. We’ve already prepared a lunch banquet to welcome everyone. You’ve been tired all the way, so why don’t you rest for a day?”

“Roar ~!”

The dragons nodded. That was good. Then let’s see if the food in Tingxiang was better than what that white radish provided.

Ignoring everything else, the fruit created by that ginseng baby was really top-notch.

They just didn’t know how Baby Ginseng itself would taste…

Apart from the people from the Dragon Palace, there was also a group of Beast Tamers and elves that President Auland had called over previously. Of course, just these few people were not lively enough. In order to show enough etiquette, most of the legend Beast Tamers, overlord-level lives, and even members of the royal family in Tingxiang’s capital had come.

The huge exchange square could be said to be extraordinarily lively.

However, although there were many people, the most important thing was still the geniuses from Dragon Palace and Tingxiang. They were the main targets of communication in the next few days.

“It’s actually Shi Yu!”

“The leader of Dragon Palace City is actually him?”

“Who’s Shi Yu…?”

“You don’t even know Shi Yu?!”

“Machinery phantom beast, mechanical phantom beast! Moreover, he’s the number one person below the legend of Dong Huang! But it’s still strange. Why does he have such a deep relationship with Dragon Palace City, and as one of the leaders Dragon Palace…”

The Mechanics and archeologists who were familiar with Shi Yu were shocked.

In the exchange square, Shi Yu was chatting happily with President Auland with a smile. He felt that coming out of Dragon Palace City was much better.

If he went out with the Dong Huang exchange team, he was just a junior. He would lower his head when he saw legends, but if he came out with Dragon Palace City, the president of the Tingxiang Association, one of the seven major countries, the Titled Legend, would directly contact him!!

This was the minister of the Environmental Protection Department!

“It’s better to start the exchange as soon as possible. It’s best if the exchange starts tomorrow.” At this moment, Shi Yu had already started to confirm the date of the exchange with President Auland.

Although Shi Yu was not in a hurry to return, it was naturally better to end this kind of business as soon as possible. Only then would he have the energy to busy himself with private matters.

“No problem.” At this moment, when President Auland saw Shi Yu in person, she still couldn’t tell how extraordinary Shi Yu was.

It looked like she could only leave it to the four elves to discover.

What President Auland didn’t know was that Shi Yu was even more anxious than her. At this moment, seeing so many beautiful elves in the exchange square in Tingxiang, he couldn’t wait to use his method to screen them.

Although the Elven Empress said that she wanted to introduce him, it was still more convenient for him to find it himself.

In any case, everything that could be introduced was probably already here.

He had already sensed that many gazes were observing him.

As for Shi Yu’s method of finding a contracted target, it was also very simple.

Skill index scan.

At the moment, with max-level Psychic power and strong perception and his entire body was covered in gazes. He scanned very quickly.

Firstly, those without the overlord’s will were all passed.

He was just that willful.

It didn’t matter if the talent was good or bad, whether it came from a noble background, or if it was beautiful. He didn’t care if it delayed the process of adding points.

He wanted to be an emotionless points adding machine.

However.

Shi Yu’s scan results were not rich.

He even sensed two overlord-level beautiful young elves. They were powerful, but their will levels were intermediate and low. They were boring.

As for the other low-level sprites, although they also looked extraordinary with extraordinary spirituality and were naturally agile, their willpower levels were not high.

“By the way, President Auland, I have a friend. Can my friend also join this exchange? Speaking of which, she has a huge relationship with Tingxiang… She also contracted a sprite, but it’s a sprite that turned into an undead. Moreover, she was discovered in the natural ruins of Dong Huang.” At this moment, Shi Yu had already started to promote Lu Qingyi to President Auland.

After all, this time, Tingxiang had prepared a considerable reward for every Dragon Palace overlord as a sparring partner.

Although Senior Lu might not necessarily like it.

However, Senior Lu definitely needed the cultivation information of the elves, and that little elf had always wanted to figure out her identity.

Unfortunately, after Senior Lu arrived, Shi Yu had never seen the Elven Empress. Otherwise, he would have directly asked her in person. It couldn’t be helped, he was thick-skinned.

“Elven undead?” President Auland was rather surprised.

She looked at Shi Yu, but he was no longer looking at her. Instead, he was looking into the distance.

President Auland also looked over.

There was a young royal elf from Tingxiang, about eleven or twelve years old. It was sitting silently at the side, alone.

Although she was from the royal family of Tingxiang, President Auland had an impression of this elf. She wasn’t an elf with especially good talent potential, but an elf with a huge talent flaw. Even she didn’t invite her to come into contact with Shi Yu.

Because it was impossible for Shi Yu to contract her.

This elven girl’s mother was a hybrid, and her father was a hybrid, but she was a pure-blooded elf. She didn’t inherit any human bloodline, but at the same time, as a pure elf, she actually didn’t have any transcendent power and couldn’t awaken any skills. Apart from her normal elven physique, which was a little stronger than humans, everything else was simply too ordinary.

What was even more pitiful was that not long after she was born, her parents died in an accident. She became an orphan before she could learn to speak. Although she was taken care of, she could still be said to be a little transparent in the royal family in Tingxiang.

In cruel words, it was a “failed product” of mixed blood reproduction.

Of course, being born into the royal family, even if she didn’t have talent, the growth conditions were still alright.

Why was Shi Yu paying attention to her?

At this moment, Shi Yu was also very surprised because he saw that ever since he transmigrated, this was the only target where no skills of the skill index could be taught to her.

Recently, in order to let Eleven create a full-level deterrence memory water drop for a team of other pets to learn, he had temporarily recorded the deterrence skill in the index and had yet to delete it. At this moment, the situation was that this little elven girl couldn’t even learn the popular skill deterrence, indicating that it couldn’t be taught.

This situation had never happened before. Until now, any transcendent life form Shi Yu had seen could learn deterrence!

It was the same for the other elves present. They could learn it, but not her.

Apart from that, the super skills recorded by Shi Yu could be said to cover various attributes. There were more or less a few sprites present who could learn them. The compatibility was enough, but it was the same. Only this one showed that all skills couldn’t be taught.

But that wasn’t absolute.

This guy had a skill that she could learn.

Mythical revival.

This skill that could only be learned with the power of a god in her body was the only skill she could learn.

Ridiculous.

Was this the reincarnation of a Mythical creature?

Shi Yu should have been very happy to encounter this situation.

This was much rarer than encountering an overlord’s will.

However, what made Shi Yu very uncomfortable was that the success rate of the Mythical Revival teaching displayed in the skill index was extremely low.

This guy’s will level was the lowest… It was two levels lower than the gem cat. Just like a Green Silkworm by the roadside, it was also very ridiculous.