Chapter 788 - 788 They'Re Too Normal (2)

788 They’re Too Normal (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Just like mutants, not only could they mutate and evolve, but they could also absorb the power of mutation to store it. Just like Infinite Devour, not only could they evolve, but they could also be used as spatial equipment.

It was actually the same for superalloy.

This was a skill that could synthesize the power of different metals. It could better form a combination skill, and it didn’t necessarily have to be used to evolve. At this moment, Eleven raised its arm high, and a large amount of hardening substance flowed in its palm.

At the same time, the energy eruption on his body was first to erupt its energy level to more than 50 million through Inner Power, at the overlord level.

The normal state had 15 million energy points. With the help of the Inner Power that was close to perfect proficiency, it wasn’t difficult to erupt to more than 50 million. Even if the side effects were huge, due to the powerful physique and the transformation of the Undying Golden Body, this move was already better for Eleven than the Time Fruit.

In this state, some of the hardening substances it mobilized were wrapped in white lightning, while others were wrapped in white spatial fluctuations.

Eleven was fusing the spatial power into the metal substance through the skill of the Lightning Rod.

Then, through the superalloy, they super-fused into one.

Rip. Rip.

Crack, crack, crack.

A white metal arrow with lightning lingering around it was grabbed by Eleven and thrown at the opponent. The skill power was even more terrifying than the Undying Bird Arrow just now, shocking Annie. She couldn’t believe that this was a monarch level.

Although Annie was at the overlord level, she only had one super skill. Its proficiency had reached the perfect level. The rest were only at the normal expert level, including the Undying Bird just now.

As for Eleven’s combination skill, it was a super combination skill fused by two perfect super skills, and it had three super skills that were close to perfect level, with a total of five super skills.

This proficiency was a skill compatibility that other overlords didn’t have. Shi Yu had specially combined it through the skill index.

Even with the level difference, its power was enough to make ordinary overlords feel a huge threat.

“This move…”

As the arrow surrounded by white lightning attacked, Annie’s mind tensed up. She directly went all out and used her strongest combination skill to block!

Among the elves in Tingxiang, skills actually had another name, ‘magic’.

As for Annie, as a royal archer who fought with the Dragon Empire all year round, the magic combination profundities she cultivated had even been given extremely high honors. Dragon Hunting Magic!

The so-called dragons had extremely strong elemental resistance. If one wanted to resist them, the power of the skills definitely had to be strong enough.

This was a killer move to deal with a dragon, but at this moment, Annie felt that if she didn’t use it, her opponent’s attack would instantly make her lose the ability to resist.

“Dragon Hunting Magic, Green Flame, Divine Loss!”

Boom!

Unlike the red flames just now, this time, it was completely materialized by the green flames. The huge human-shaped armor that was several meters tall wrapped around Annie.

She was inside the huge fire giant spirit and made an archery posture. The giant spirit formed by the green flames also maintained 100% synchronization and made an archery posture.

Seeing this, Blood Elf Luo Yi and Forest Elf Hillia swallowed their saliva. They didn’t expect Big Sister Annie to even use this move.

This was a combination magic used to hunt dragons.

How much pressure did that Iron-eating Beast give Big Sister!

Boom!

Soon, they knew.

In the next moment, an incomparably huge green flame arrow shot out and collided with the lightning arrow thrown by Eleven near Annie!!

Boom!!!

The two incomparably terrifying moves collided, instantly causing cracks to appear in the surrounding space. Under the interweaving of the green and white light, endless aftershocks shot out, instantly causing cracks to appear in the green flame armor wrapped around Annie and starting to collapse.

At the same time, a violent wave swept towards Eleven. After the attack, the two moves were actually evenly matched, making the other three elven geniuses unable to understand.

After all, even an overlord-level dragon had to take this move seriously, but it could only barely block this monarch-level Iron-eating Beast’s move?

“Chase after victory,” Shi Yu said.

Although Eleven’s current energy level was not inferior to the other party after erupting and the composition of the combination skill was more luxurious, the opponent was an elf.

The physique and energy value of the elves were not their forte. The use of natural power was their racial talent.

In addition, this was the other party’s home ground. After this Green Flame Divine Arrow absorbed and gathered countless natural energy, it instantly offset the luxurious combination skill Eleven used. However, although the skill offset it, the impact of the powerful aftermath on both parties was different.

The aftermath of the explosion instantly disintegrated the Green Flame Giant Spirit’s entire body, making Annie inside feel a little uncomfortable. However, in the face of the aftermath that was also enough to injure an overlord, Eleven’s entire body shot out lightning and directly endured it.

One word described it. ‘Reckless’.

It was just an injury.

The difference in physique made both parties have different movements when facing the backlash of the skill.

Annie quickly used the “Flame of Regeneration” to repair her armor and injuries, while Eleven ignored it and directly resisted the aftermath to enter the brutal White Thunder Armor state. At the speed of light, it approached Annie.

White lightning was light. It was stronger and faster than ordinary lightning. Its ability to cleanse darkness was more efficient.