Chapter 792 - 792 Qi'S True Identity

792 Qi’s True Identity

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

At the Royal Library of Tingxiang.

It was a mystic realm that looked like a huge tree.

Under the lead of the librarian, the Light Sprite Lil, Shi Yu, Lu Qingyi, and the others successfully entered.

As soon as they entered, they were greeted with a pure white library filled with chairs.

“Lil ~!”

“These people are…”

After they entered, a tree sprite with a human body but only the size of a butterfly and a pair of light wings flew out.

< Name > Ancient Tree Sprite

[Attributes]: Wood

[Level of Growth]: Totem Level

[Energy Points]: ???

When Shi Yu and Lu Qingyi saw it, they were stunned.

Well…

It was very normal for the guardian sprite of the royal library to be stronger than the guardian cat of Ancient Capital University and Imperial Capital University.

“Lan, help me find the Book of Knowledge.”

“Huh? You want the Book of Knowledge?”

It looked at Lil and the group she brought.

Of course, it knew the three elves, but Shi Yu, Lu Qingyi, and even the elven undead…

“I need to use the Book of Knowledge to investigate some information. Don’t worry, it’s a serious matter ~” Lil said seriously.

“Alright, alright,” the Tree Sprite said.

Although the Book of Knowledge only recorded information about the elves, it was also a very precious legendary treasure.

For example, it recorded more than 100 teaching methods suitable for the super skills of the elves.

There were countless teaching methods for low, intermediate, and high-level skills.

Such a treasure could only be said to be a divine weapon of the elves.

“Thank you, Senior.” After the Tree Sprite nodded, Lu Qingyi, Lian, and the others thanked it.

As for Shi Yu, he observed his surroundings in boredom. He was not interested in Lian’s identity.

He was worried that Qi would leave soon. If she left, he still had to find him.

After the investigation, he wanted to slip away immediately and talk to the sprite with the bloodline of a god.

It was hard to say if she could be in Team One, but it depended on the function of the divine skill.

However, if the other party was willing, he could still give her a spot in the second team.

….

The Tree Sprite’s movements were very fast.

Soon, a huge brown leather magic book was summoned.

Lil took the Book of Knowledge and placed it on the table. She smiled and said, “Lian, right? I need you to touch this book.”

“The Book of Knowledge is equivalent to the elves’ household register management system. After you touch it, you can trace your ancestors through the traces of your life.”

“If your ancestors are recorded on this, you can display their information.”

“Well… Under normal circumstances, the success rate is 100%, as long as you are an elf after the Tingxiang era.”

“It requires a lot of energy to activate the Book of Knowledge. Let’s start with the bloodlines closest to your era.”

“Alright.” The silver-haired and purple-eyed Lian nodded and gently stretched out her hand to place it on the Book of Knowledge.

Soon, the Book of Knowledge flickered. It automatically flipped to a page, and dense symbols appeared on the open two pages.

Lu Qingyi could only understand a portion of these symbols, but Shi Yu could understand all of them.

It was the elven language in Tingxiang.

Simple.

He had learned it through the memory water drop.

At the moment, Shi Yu had mastered more than ten important foreign languages. He was no longer the guy who had a headache when facing the university assessment.

Not to mention the official language of the seven countries, Shi Yu could even argue in elven language, dragon language, and Rongguang divine prose!

“Wendy Crumin?”

Shi Yu translated simply and said, “Eh, I really found it. There’s quite a lot of information.”

Below the name was some information about the bloodline connection of the sprite that Senior Lu contracted.

At this moment, Shi Yu and Lu Qingyi continued to work hard to translate, but they didn’t realize that the expressions of the tree sprites, Lil, Annie, and the others had already changed to a very exaggerated level.

“It’s actually Lady Wendy,” Lil shouted in disbelief.

Although she had already expected that this sprite undead contracted by the legend of Dong Huang wouldn’t be simple, it was still scary. It was far from Tingxiang and had appeared in the distant Dong Huang. Without some ability, she really couldn’t pass. Moreover, there were no records of how to transform into an undead in the form of a sprite.

Therefore, Lian’s identity was definitely not simple.

However, to Lil and the others’ surprise, Lian was actually from the royal family of Tingxiang more than 2,000 years ago!

“Wendy Crumin…” Shi Yu translated and was slightly stunned.

“This.” He looked at the silver-haired, purple-eyed elf girl beside Senior Lu and said, “She’s Wendy Crumin’s daughter?”

“Wendy Crumin? Who is it?” Senior Lu translated slower and didn’t recognize many words. She and Lian looked at the shocked elves and swallowed their saliva.

After hearing this name, Lian’s expression changed slightly, and she was a little touched.

“Wendy Crumin, a totem-level Wind Sprite. She’s one of the contracted sprites of the legendary Beast Tamer Albera, who established the ancient country of Tingxiang and ended the chaotic totem world in Tingxiang!!”

Blood Sprite Luo Yi said in extreme shock.

In Tingxiang, the status of the legendary expert, Albera, was comparable to Emperor Shi of Dong Huang. They were both legendary experts who had ended the chaotic totem world and established a country with humans as the overlords.

Lian was the descendant of this contracted sprite…

It was no wonder that the tree sprite and the four elves were shocked.

“I… is this my mother’s name?” Lian’s expression was blank.

“This, this, what exactly is going on!” At this moment, the totem Tree Sprite was also shocked.