Chapter 793 - 793 Qi'S True Identity (1)

793 Qi’s True Identity (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Everyone, calm down.” Shi Yu saw that everyone was a little uneasy and said, “If I remember correctly, the first Tingxiang Dynasty was destroyed by the flames of war with the Dark Night Forest, right?”

Just like Dong Huang, Tingxiang was also divided into many dynasties. The first dynasty that Albera belonged to had long been destroyed for two thousand years.

“Yes…” Lil said, “According to the historical books, all of Lord Albera’s contracted lives and himself died in battle. There are no records at all. ”

She looked at the confused Lian. She didn’t expect that this was a royal family even older than the Elven Empress!

After all, back then, Albera had given every contracted life form royal family status.

Otherwise, there wouldn’t be so many mixed-blood royals in Tingxiang now.

“During the period when the Alberaa Legendary was in power, Dong Huang should be in the Emperor Wu Dynasty…” Shi Yu and Senior Lu looked at each other.

Although there were no records of communication between Tingxiang and Dong Huang in ancient times, they realized the problem out of instinct.

The Elf Race’s Mother Life Tree fell into the dark mutation for unknown reasons and created the Dark Elf Race. It wreaked havoc with Yun An in the east and called itself the king of totems. It seemed to have created the Yun Race at the same time.

[Could it be that the Elven Mother Life Tree was also infected by an extraterrestrial faction?] Shi Yu fell into deep thought.

Of course, the elves themselves had this guess, but it was not very meaningful. After all, the Dark Mother Tree had already been destroyed in a totem battle, and so much time had passed.

Their faith had long left the Mother Life Tree and relied even more on Tingxiang.

“If Lian is the descendant of Lady Wendy, it makes sense that she can transform into an undead. After all, Lady Wendy is the guardian of the elves who follows the legendary of Abera,” Lil said. For such a legend, it shouldn’t be difficult to do this, right?

They had to inform President Auland, no, even the empress, about this.

After all, this was Lady Wendy’s bloodline. Although it had already become an undead, it was still the orthodox royal family from 2000 years ago!

“Wait a minute, if Lian is Lady Wendy’s bloodline, can they enter the ‘natural ruins’?” Hillia said.

The natural ruins of Tingxiang were created by the legendary Abera. It was similar to the combination of the heroic spirit ruins and the Dragon God ruins. It was to preserve the heritage ruins for Tingxiang.

It relied on the creation of a natural spiritual vein. As long as the natural spiritual vein didn’t dry up, the internal resources were endless. Those who entered could obtain a certain amount of resources according to their bloodline level.

However, only the noble bloodline of Tingxiang that Albera had personally conferred could enter this ruin. In other words, the contracted life forms or descendants of Beast Tamers who had fought with him back then could enter.

The more honorable the bloodline and the stronger the talent potential, the more benefits one could obtain.

Now, most of the royal family in Tingxiang could no longer meet the requirement to enter. Even if they could enter, there were very few who could obtain huge benefits. After experiencing a few totem chaos eras, the current Tingxiang royal family and the Tingxiang royal family back then might not necessarily be the same batch of people.

As the direct descendant of the Wendy Guardian, Lian could definitely enter and obtain huge benefits. They just didn’t know if the current undead form Lian could obtain recognition.

But since the Book of Knowledge had acknowledged it, the natural ruins shouldn’t have a problem. Luo Yi and the others immediately looked at Lu Qingyi and Lian.

[Senior, it seems like your opportunity has come.] Shi Yu looked at her and said telepathically,

[Don’t forget about us…]

“Well…” Lu Qingyi fell into deep thought. She felt that she had a new main mission.

Investigate the reason why Lian appeared in Dong Huang and investigate the relationship between Tingxiang and Dong Huang back then.

“Legend Lu, Miss Lian, are you free now? Can you come with us to meet President Auland and even Her Majesty?” Lil asked.

“Perhaps you have a chance to enter the natural ruins and obtain the inheritance resources of Tingxiang.”

“Alright, I have no problem.” Lu Qingyi nodded.

At this moment, she was already satisfied after figuring out Lian’s identity.

Beside her, Lian still had more time to receive this information.

“Sir Shi Yu, you should come too,” Lil said.

Shi Yu said, “Can I enter that natural ruin too?”

“Ah…” Lil was stunned. “No, only the first-generation nobles and extremely strong contractors in Tingxiang can enter the natural ruins…”

Shi Yu said, “Then I won’t go. I still have some other things to deal with. Why don’t you bring Legend Lu to visit Her Majesty?”

Since it was his senior’s opportunity, he wouldn’t snatch it. He planned to prepare and find his own opportunity.

There were so many ruins in Tingxiang, so there was no need for him to snatch one from his senior.

[Senior, go for a while. The Elven Empress and the Dragon God are good friends. If you can obtain benefits from that natural ruin, you definitely won’t lose out.]

Of course, Tingxiang definitely had to get a piece of meat too. After all, this was their territory.

[I know.] Lu Qingyi and Shi Yu communicated telepathically.

Lu Qingyi was clearly in a good mood. She said: “Don’t worry, I’ll give you a little if I gain anything.”

“Well, well… Can we go see Her Majesty?” At this moment, at this point, Luo Yi and the others suddenly forgot about Shi Yu. At the mention of visiting Her Majesty, their eyes immediately lit up.

Shi Yu smiled and was happy to be suddenly free. If these guys left, he could go find Qi.