Chapter 798 - 798 Qi'S True Identity (7)

798 Qi’s True Identity (7)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Then study it,” Shi Yu said.

At the same time.

“Lalala ~”

Qi had an umbrella on her and ran in a direction excitedly.

It had been a long time since she was so happy.

She was at Master Ge Lin’s address. Master Ge Lin was considered a specially hired blacksmith of the royal family in Tingxiang. She was only a step away from becoming a legendary blacksmith. Most of the weapons and equipment of the royal family in the palace were tailor-made by her and a few other dwarves.

Among them, Qi and Master Ge Lin were very familiar because her few weapons and equipment were all made by Master Ge Lin. The other party even made a few more pieces of equipment for her because of her special situation.

If she wanted to leave this place, the first person she wanted to bid farewell to was Master Ge Lin.

“Grandma Ge Lin, Grandma Ge Lin!!”

In the silent smithy, the bearded female dwarf, Ge Lin, was sleeping soundly. She naturally participated in the noon banquet and drank a lot with her clansmen. She would probably sleep until night.

However, in her daze, Ge Lin kept feeling that a familiar voice was calling her.

She opened her eyes, got out of bed, opened the door, and saw the little girl outside the house. Wasn’t this Qi?

“Qi, what are you doing? Ah, my head hurts,” Ge Lin said uncomfortably, hitting her head with the hammer beside her.

This child was really worrisome.

Didn’t she know that she had drunk a lot at noon and needed to rest?

“Grandma Gerin, I might have to leave here,” Qi said.

“Huh???” Ge Lin immediately perked up and looked at Qi. “What do you mean? Where are you going?”

Generally speaking, a young sprite without transcendent power would only be staying here for the rest of its life. After reaching adulthood, it was not bad to casually be a clerk. With her background, her starting point was the end point of most lives. In Ge Lin’s opinion, it actually didn’t matter if there was transcendent power.

If she stubbornly insisted on cultivating, Ge Lin had no choice but to treat it as playing with her.

“There’s a lord… who wants me to cultivate with him. I might leave the palace and Tingxiang later,” Qi said.

“What!” Ge Lin was shocked. “You didn’t encounter a bad person, right?”

“No, Lord Shi Yu is a good person. He said that he would personally tell Her Majesty to bring me out of Tingxiang to cultivate,” Qi Yu said. Putting aside the fact that Shi Yu could communicate with the Elven Empress, just the value of the Umbrella of Time Shi Yu gave her was not inferior to a legendary holy weapon. How could he be a bad person?

“Wait.” Master Ge Lin was stunned.

This name…

Her expression changed slightly. “You just said, Lord Shi Yu?”

“Is the Shi Yu you’re talking about the young man in dark red clothes who was talking to President Auland at the banquet today?”

Qi’s eyes lit up. He nodded and said, “Yes, yes, yes, it’s that lord.”Z

“How can this be…” Ge Lin was completely shocked. Blacksmiths and Mechanics were actually similar professions. However, one forged transcendent equipment, while the other forged technological equipment. The latter’s technical content was even higher.

As a dwarf blacksmith, Ge Lin naturally knew how talented Shi Yu, who had developed a mechanical phantom beast, was. She couldn’t believe that he would actually look for Qi and say that he would bring her out of Tingxiang to cultivate.

“You, do you know who he is! Why would he…”

Master Ge Lin didn’t understand why Qi was chosen by Shi Yu.

“Lord Shi Yu said that since I don’t have transcendent abilities, I shouldn’t train transcendent abilities. I can still become an expert by proficiently controlling various weapons and equipment.”

Ge Lin was getting more and more confused. She said, “Have you told the others about this? I think we still have to tell the other adults.”

If Qi wanted to leave the palace and head to Dong Huang, she had to at least obtain the agreement of the elven royal family above the overlord level. Although Shi Yu said that he would tell the Elven Empress, that was Shi Yu’s business. Qi definitely had to take the initiative to ask.

“I haven’t,” Qi said. “I’ll talk to Sister Lil later…”

Master Ge Lin said, “I’ll go with you to find Lady Lil. This matter is very important…”

Although it was very difficult to believe that someone would deceive the royal family of Tingxiang, she had watched Qi grow up with her own eyes. It was very difficult to believe that someone would be willing to cultivate with Qi who couldn’t control transcendent power.

“Alright…” Qi nodded and said,” But before that, Grandma Ge Lin, I want to challenge the royal trial one last time. ”

“Can you bring me over?”

The royal trial was a trial-type mystic realm.

Every level was guarded by transcendent life forms of different strength.

This mystic realm was used to test the progress of the strength of the members of the royal family in Tingxiang.

Transcendent, commander rank, and monarch rank. Each level corresponded to four levels, a total of 12 levels.

Of course, overlord-level sprites could easily clear it, but for monarch-level sprites and master-level Beast Tamers, clearing it had a certain difficulty.

In this mystic realm, royal Beast Tamers could use their Beast Taming Talent to strengthen pets for the challenge, while the elves could use various equipment. There were no rules and restrictions. After all, it was just a small mystic realm for the new generation.

No matter what the method was, as long as one could clear it, it represented a certain amount of battle power.

Before this, Qi had barely passed the first level with various equipment, but after that, she couldn’t defeat any more.

After all, other clansmen could skip two to three levels when they were at the Awakening level.

And this time, Qi Hope could use the Umbrella of Time to challenge it again.

…

After Shi Yu returned to the address of Dragon Palace City, he received a message from Senior Lu.

She had already seen the Elven Empress and was about to head to the natural ruins.

If she was lucky, she might be able to pack up the gifts in the natural ruins today.

“Let’s see what Senior can bring out. If it’s suitable, I can exchange resources with her for Qi,” Shi Yu thought.

At this moment, Shi Yu had just returned and had yet to rest when Ling’s shocked voice came from the ruins space.

“Master, Master, there’s a result!!!”

In less than an hour, Ling, who was studying the blood prayer, shouted in shock.

“So fast?!” Shi Yu was stunned.

“Well, it might be the enhancement of the Wind Blessing.”

“Can you determine the attributes and abilities of the divine power hidden in Qi?”

Ling said, “I tried to activate the divine power in my blood with the Mythical Revival skill… I can already make a preliminary judgment.”

“Perhaps I know what its previous identity was.”

“It’s actually a little strange to say that. Why do law-type elves transform into humanoid elves… Law-type elves, elemental elves, and elves are not the same thing.”

Shi Yu said, “Stop with all that. Tell me quickly!”

“Alright!”

“The divine law in the other party’s body is very likely to be a time and space dual-element divine-level skill. Space-time Travel is also the only divine skill of the legendary rule-type life form ‘Time Sprite’ born in space and time. That skill can transmigrate into the past and the future. Although it doesn’t have destructive power, it’s very unbelievable.”

Divine skill, Space-time Travel!

“What!” Shi Yu was stunned, and his expression changed drastically. Hey, hey, hey, hey, it wasn’t kidding, right? He remembered that the Dragon God had once asked him to help crack the Space-time Dragon Vein Ruins when he grew up. This place was said to have the ability to travel through space and time, and this place was the habitat of the Time Sprite!

Now, he had found the creator of the ruins before cracking it?

However, Shi Yu was as puzzled as Ling. According to the Dragon God, the Time Sprite was a law-type sprite that couldn’t be compared to a humanoid sprite.

“Ling, are you reliable?”