Chapter 791 - 791 They'Re Too Normal (5)

791 They’re Too Normal (5)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

This Shi Yu… He didn’t come to Tingxiang to contract a sprite and go back, right?

Everyone communicated as they walked. Soon, they passed by the royal training ground in Tingxiang. Luo Yi stuck her head out and took a look. “That Qi is still training.”

Qi?

Upon hearing Luo Yi’s words, Shi Yu indeed realized that the elven girl he had noticed previously was practicing shooting in the huge training ground beside him.

However, the Blood Elf, Luo Yi, only mentioned it for a moment before continuing to walk away. Apart from Shi Yu, no one cared much.

“Didn’t that little girl just now have no transcendent power?” Shi Yu asked after walking past.

“Yeah, Qi doesn’t have transcendent power, but she’s quite proficient in various weapons. Bows, two-handed swords, one-handed swords, long-handled weapons, firearms, shields, and so on. She knows how to use them. She also likes them very much,” Luo Yi said. “Eh, Brother Shi Yu, how do you know that she doesn’t have transcendent power?”

Shi Yu smiled and said, “President Auland introduced many people to me at the banquet. She mentioned them.”

“Oh, oh.” Luo Yi nodded. So that was the case.

“No transcendent power? What’s going on? Isn’t she an elf?” Lu Qingyi was also puzzled.

“I don’t know. The doctor, the Book of All Things, and even the empress can’t determine this strange disease,” Lil said.

“What a pity,” Annie said regretfully. That was why she didn’t like mixed blood very much. Although there was a chance of giving birth to a genius, it was also because it wasn’t responsible for the descendants. It was easier for flaws to appear.

Everyone continued forward.

At this moment, Shi Yu was already thinking.

So she liked various weapons and equipment?

So that was the case. Because she didn’t have extraordinary power, she relied on various extraordinary weapons and equipment to become stronger.

Even without transcendent power, her physique was still that of the elves. She was undoubtedly more proficient than ordinary humans in controlling these energy weapons.

This was also a cultivation idea.

Using various powerful weapons and equipment to arm a life form.

“If we can abduct this Qi…”

“Before awakening the power of a god, I can use this idea to nurture her.”

“Weren’t weapons and equipment wholesale here?”

“It’s definitely more magical than the equipment made by the dwarves in Tingxiang!”

“She was holding the Wind Bow just now, right?”

“I can build it too.”

“Let Baby Ginseng use plant control to create a bow arm and let Buggy use the worm silk to create a bowstring. Then, use the spatial pocket to open an alternate space in the worm silk. Then, use the phantom illusion to materialize a Wind Kirin artifact spirit in.”

“When the user pulls the bowstring, the bow arm will automatically be filled with sweet aura to help the user concentrate. At the same time, it will mobilize the power of the Kirin Phantom and condense the Wind Spirit Bead. If there are a few more phantoms inside, it can also fuse various attributes into the Wind Spirit Bead. The all-element archer will be born!”

“It’s not difficult for Eleven to mold weapons like big swords with hardened metal. The Heavenly Thunder Sword that attracts natural lightning and the spatial blade that shatters space can be forged.”

“In terms of defense, there’s also Susu’s protective water and Chi Tong’s protective flames. They can be made into armor.”

Shi Yu thought for a moment. He was really an equipment and weapons wholesaler. A pile of equipment made of Dao Proficiency skills would probably make even dwarves cry.

After Shi Yu’s thoughts cleared, he immediately informed Eleven and the others in the ruins.

“Have you heard of [Change Magic]? Ling, quickly study a growth-type change tool. It’s to summon various weapons and equipment to equip yourself according to the different battle situations.”

“As for materials, just use your skills. Make the equipment in an hour. There have to be at least 12 weapons and equipment.”

“The kind that can be controlled in the ocean battlefield, land battlefield, and sky battlefield.”

In that case, there was no need to add points. After training her willpower, he would directly activate the power of a god!

Whether it could attract the other party depended on whether the magic tools Ling and the others worked overtime to change into were attractive. Just treat it as a greeting gift.

The task really gave Ling a headache.