Chapter 796 - 796 Qi'S True Identity (5)

796 Qi’s True Identity (5)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

In Qi’s perception, the pressure this bow produced on her was actually smaller than that level-two Wind Bow.

Boom!!

After Qi’s action ended, the Wind Spirit Bead Arrow shot out at an extremely fast speed like a white meteor. With a bang, it touched the target in the distance. Then, with a violent airflow, Qi seemed to have seen the birth of a storm eye. Wherever the arrow reached, a terrifying typhoon instantly appeared, destroying everything around it.

The chaotic white airflow swept up the fatal wind blades, instantly cutting the ground and the target into thousands of holes.

“How do you feel?”

In the face of Shi Yu’s question, Qi looked at the huge pit opposite in a daze. At this moment, she was holding the longbow and finally reacted. She realized that after shooting an arrow, not only was she not burdened at all, but the gentle nourishment just now also made her current state even better than before she shot the arrow!

At the same time, because of the faint fragrance that strengthened the mind and the powerful wind-element natural energy she sensed at a close distance just now, her perception of wind-element natural energy was actually much sharper than before.

“I feel… I feel like I didn’t do anything, but I somehow became stronger,” Qi stuttered.

Shi Yu smiled faintly. Of course.

What did she think?

This bow had an artifact spirit.

As for the artifact spirit, it was a Wind Kirin phantom created by Buggy with Ling’s Wind Kirin form as its prototype.

As for this artifact spirit, it had mastered expert level wind elemental control. It could use this ability to assist the user.

Ling constantly flew at a high speed with Shi Yu, and Shi Yu couldn’t feel any wind pressure, let alone Qi who had only shot a simple arrow.

Apart from that, the bow arm was created by Baby Ginseng’s combination of source of life, nutritional supplements, plant control, and sweet aura.

When held, it could restore the user’s vitality and strengthen the user’s mental state. It could enter a realm close to nature similar to “Heaven and man integration”. It could effectively accelerate the mastery of natural energy.

After this series of operations, every arrow shot was to train his control over the wind-element natural energy. At the same time, due to the speciality of the bow arm, it was not too draining for the user.

Of course, it was just a little energy-consuming. Although the bow arm and artifact spirit could slowly recover their energy through natural placement and rely on the passage of time, this speed was a little slow. As long as it was used a little more, it would probably have to rely on manual repair. It would have to spend energy, such as stuffing wood-element and wind-element energy crystals to accelerate recovery.

“Excuse me, what’s this bow called?” Qi asked.

She felt that this should be the proud work of a legendary blacksmith. It should be at least level-seven equipment!

Shi Yu said, “Wind Kirin Wings.”

“Wind Kirin Wings…” Qi’s eyes were filled with light, filled with love for this weapon.

But soon, a trace of loneliness appeared in her eyes.

Even if the legendary dwarf blacksmith wanted to forge such a weapon, it might take a lot of effort. She couldn’t find such a weapon to cultivate.

Such a weapon definitely had to be given priority to the soldiers at the front line, not to a little girl without transcendent power as a toy.

Qi handed the bow back to Shi Yu.

“Thank you for your guidance. I’ll continue to work hard…”

Shi Yu looked at her as she didn’t take the bow. “I asked you previously, ‘Do you want to become stronger’?”

Qi was stunned. She looked at Shi Yu with its pink eyes and nodded.

“Yes.”

“If you’re willing, from today onwards, you can cultivate with me.”

“You can use this bow.”

Qi was stunned.

“But, I…”

In the face of Shi Yu’s question, Qi found it unbelievable. This was because she didn’t even have superpowers. Why would the other party let her cultivate with him?

“No transcendent abilities, right?” Shi Yu said. “In that case, let’s not train our transcendent abilities and just familiarize ourselves with controlling various weapons and equipment.”

“Do you think that if you can control this bow proficiently, you’ll be weaker than a commander?”

Qi said, “No…”

“Just follow your inner thoughts. Don’t worry about your royal identity. I’ll talk to your Elven Empress.” Shi Yu looked ahead and said, “By the way, the Wind Kirin Wings in your hand is only one of the forms of this tool.”

“Take it and feel it with your heart, just like when you sense nature.”

Qi became more and more nervous. She didn’t expect Shi Yu to know the Elven Empress.

But in the next moment, Qi was extremely happy. She felt that she was being valued for the first time.

She nodded excitedly and carefully sensed the weapon in her hand according to Shi Yu’s guidance.

This perception was impressive. With her eyes closed, twelve weapons and equipment immediately appeared in her dark vision.

Greatsword, katana, staff, bow, machine gun, armor, umbrella shield, accessories… Various strange equipment images appeared in Qi’s mind in a blurry light form.

She chose the huge sword in confusion. In the next moment, the bow in her hand disappeared into thin air. Then, thunder shot out in front of her, and a huge black sword with white lightning patterns descended in the outside world and fell into Qi’s hand.

She struggled to receive this huge sword that was even taller than her and barely picked it up with both hands.

“As for this sword… If the Wind Kirin Wings just now were relatively gentle, then the power of this huge sword is relatively violent.”