Chapter 799 - 799 Time Umbrella Killing (1)

799 Time Umbrella Killing (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Tingxiang royal trial mystic realm.

At this moment, six to seven people were gathered here. They were all communicating and waiting outside the mystic realm.

Regarding this type of mystic realm, it had always been a rather interesting game among the younger generation in the palace.

Firstly, it was because everyone could obtain rich rewards every time they obtained the First Clear. Secondly, there was a ranking in the trial mystic realm that recorded the clearance situation of every member of the royal family.

As long as there were people, it was inevitable that there would be comparisons, and this trial mystic realm was clearly a very good place to compare.

Every time a member of the royal family could pass a certain level, or every time a genius could pass 12 levels, it would cause a huge discussion among the younger generation of the Tingxiang royal family.

For example, in the past ten years, only four challengers had passed the 12th level.

As for these four, two of them were already legendary Beast Tamers, while the other two had already become overlord-level elves.

“Qi, are you sure you want to challenge?”

“With the umbrella in your hand?”

Master Ge Lin accompanied Qi here.

When Qi said that Shi Yu had given her a very powerful weapon, Master Ge Lin was very shocked.

However, this girl, Qi, refused to show it no matter what. She said that she wanted to use the royal trial to prove the power of this weapon.

Qi was an underage elf. Even among the elves, her age was very young. At her age and level, she couldn’t participate in the trial alone. She had to be accompanied by an elder. At this moment, Ge Lin could only take on this heavy responsibility.

“Yes, Master Ge Lin, believe me!” Qi Shui’s eyes were filled with confidence. Clearly, she had been brainwashed by Shi Yu.

…

“Eh, Master Ge Lin brought Qi over again.” Outside the royal trial mystic realm, the thin old administrator, Liu Ke, yawned.

“Haha, yes.” Master Ge Lin nodded.

“Alright, I’ll arrange for her to enter now,” the administrator, Liu Ke, said.

Although there were people challenging inside at the moment, this girl, Qi, would at most take a while before being beaten up. It was fine.

…

“Ah, Little Qi is here to challenge again.”

“Is this new equipment?”

Qi wanted to enter the mystic realm to challenge. When the other royal family members nearby saw her, they also greeted her.

This was one of the exchange venues for the royal family members. A few people gathered every day.

There were neither too many nor too few young people in the palace, dozens of them.

Among them, Qi’s name was ranked at the bottom of the royal trial. In addition, her situation was special, so every member naturally knew her.

People often had sympathy for the weak. Everyone clearly felt that this elf was quite pitiful.

At the same time, Qi, who also felt that she didn’t have transcendent power but cultivated weapons and equipment skills, worked very hard. If the conditions allowed, many people would even give her equipment as a gift on her birthday.

“Yes.” Holding the Umbrella of Time in her hand, Qi nodded.

Then, she took a deep breath and directly ascended the entrance of the mystic realm to enter.

…

Because she had already passed the first level in the past, this time, Qi started the challenge from the second level.

In this space, there was a rock area. A huge rock lizard looked at Qi with a deep gaze.

< Name > Earth Dragon Lizard

[Attributes]: Earth

[Race Level]: Low-level Commander

[Level of Growth]: Transcendent

The first few levels of the trial mystic realm were relatively simple.

For example, in the four levels of transcendent, they corresponded to the transcendent race, the commander race, the monarch race, and the quasi-overlord race.

For the more outstanding geniuses of Tingxiang, it was not a big problem for them to pass the four levels at the transcendent level. For the more talented ones, they could either rely on their Beast Taming Talent or equipment. They could even reach the third or fourth levels at the Awakening level.

Qi didn’t have a contractor and couldn’t use her Beast Taming Talent to strengthen herself, so she could only use equipment.

“Sss…” When the Earth Dragon Lizard saw Qi, its eyes revealed a playful expression.

The pets here were all cultivated by the royal family of Tingxiang. There was a batch of guardians in every level of the first few levels. Only the guardians of the later levels were fixed.

Coincidentally, Qi had also lost to this Earth Dragon Lizard last time, so when the Earth Dragon Lizard saw her this time, it immediately felt a little relaxed.

“It’s you!” Qi’s eyes were red and she felt a little aggrieved. The last time, she was beaten up by it.

Her head was covered in many bumps from the other party’s rocks, and her face was swollen, green, and purple.

If the opponent was earth-element, she would use wood-element to counter it…

She waved the Umbrella of Time. Under the flickering light, the Umbrella of Time immediately turned into a wooden staff.

Although she felt that it was a little careless and crude when creating it, and it was just a brown and white wooden staff, it wasn’t a big problem.

“Sss ~” At the same time, seeing that Qi had changed his equipment this time and didn’t need that bow, the Earth Dragon Lizard shook its head. Then, it summoned Flying Rock and planned to send the other party out.

However, how could upgraded equipment be that simple? The 1.2-meter-tall Qi held a staff taller than itself in both hands and ran towards the Earth Rock Lizard. The Earth Rock Lizard originally didn’t care much, but as the nourishing fragrance came, it immediately felt dizzy and its nose began to bleed.

Under a wave of dizziness, it was sent flying by the staff.

“As expected, it can be controlled!”

Looking at the Earth Dragon Lizard that she had swung away, Qi held her staff and her heart raced.

This was one of the usage methods Shi Yu had taught Qi. For creatures below the commander level, the nourishing magic of the staff could instantly stun the other party and let them fight as they pleased.