Chapter 790 - 790 They'Re Too Normal (4)

790 They’re Too Normal (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“No, there’s no need.”

Lil, Luo Yi, and the other elves shook their heads and rejected.

Forget it.

It was impossible to fight.

Annie was already the strongest among them.

“Alright then,” Shi Yu said. As expected, these four elves weren’t suitable for him.

They were too normal.

Annie had the strength of an overlord and medium will. She wasn’t weak, but it wasn’t enough.

Lil, overlord strength, low-level willpower, Luo Yi, and Hillia, a monarch and a commander, had extremely low willpower.

Not very good.

Shi Yu was silent. After thinking about it, it was indeed the Awakening-level problem child elf that attracted him the most.

Although the other party also had the lowest will, it still had the power of a god.

Moreover, him wanting the level of the will of an Awakening-level young girl to be high was too harsh.

When Baby Ginseng, Buggy, and Chi Tong were at the commander rank, their willpower was still extremely low. Wouldn’t that be even more useless? Didn’t they train themselves all the way to this point?

Did he ever say that he had to contract someone with overlord’s will? He didn’t remember him saying this.

“Then let’s go out. My friend should be here soon,” Shi Yu said.

As soon as he finished speaking, the four elves nodded. After seeing Shi Yu’s strength, they already respected this Beast Tamer of Dong Huang even more. Moreover, from their initial resistance, they became more and more interested in Shi Yu and thought of ways to attract Shi Yu.

….

Lu Qingyi arrived late, mainly because after the banquet ended, the Courtyard Sprite Lotus wanted to walk around, so Senior Lu accompanied it.

“Sorry, I’m late.”

After arriving, Senior Lu said apologetically. At this moment, the four elven geniuses looked at the lotus following beside Lu Qingyi in surprise and looked at this elven undead curiously.

Although they had heard it from Shi Yu just now, this was the first time they had seen an elf who had become a complete undead life form.

“This is the legend Beast Tamer of Dong Huang, Lu Qingyi. She’s fifth in the Dong Huang Sequence. The friend I’m talking about is her. This is her contracted partner, the Wind Sprite Lotus,” Shi Yu introduced.

“Legend Lu, Lian, hello,” said Annie and the other elves.

“Hello.” Lu Qingyi greeted. Then, Lian beside her also looked at the group of elves and nodded slightly.

Lil, the royal librarian of Tingxiang, observed Lian seriously and said, “Miss Lian, don’t you remember your identity at all?”

Lian shook her head.

At this moment, Lil thought for a moment and smiled. “Then why don’t we go to the royal library?”

“In the library, there’s an omniscient and omnipotent book made of the skin shed by the Mother Life Tree. It records most of the information about the elves and records the bloodline information of most of the elves. It’s a legendary book. If you use it, you can definitely figure out everything.”

“The Book of All Things?” Lu Qingyi was slightly surprised. There was such a thing?

“Yes.” Lil nodded. This book couldn’t be used easily, but on account of Shi Yu, she was willing to activate it. Moreover, she was more curious about this lotus herself.

“Alright, Sister Lil, are you going to open the Book of All Things?” Upon hearing that, Luo Yi and Hillia were also extremely surprised.

“Can we go take a look too? Can I ask it a few questions?”

This was a legendary weapon of the elves.

Only the elves recognized by the Book of Legends were qualified to open it.

And Lil was one of the few elves recognized by the Book of Legends.

Lil had a headache. “This is a special situation. I allow you to go together, but you’re not allowed to mess around.”

“Thank you very much.” At this moment, seeing that in order to help her, the royal family of Tingxiang even took out the legendary book, Lu Qingyi was immediately extremely grateful to them. Beside her, Lian also said gratefully, “Thank you.”

“You’re welcome. Elves are all family.” Lil smiled and said, “I’ll also invite the two of you to the palace to watch.”

“Alright, let’s go take a look,” Shi Yu said. There was actually such a tool.

….

After making the decision, Shi Yu and the others began to head to the Elven Palace in Tingxiang under the lead of the Light Elf, Lil.

Although the seven countries had established an alliance and established the Beast Tamer Association according to the requirements of the alliance, the ruling model was still very different.

For example, Tingxiang and Rongguang still retained the tradition of royal nobility. The status of the royal Beast Tamer was supreme.

Of course, although the systems in the other countries were different, there was no difference in essence. It was still the strongest Beast Tamers and their family factions who had the greatest say.

In this transcendent world where one person could destroy a country, strength was the foundation of everything.

“My ability lets me use the blood of other life forms as a medium to materialize their original bodies.”

As they walked, the half-elf, Luo Yi, proudly introduced her abilities.

The Tingxiang Blood Elves were divided into two major schools. One was like a vampire, absorbing the blood essence of other transcendent life forms to train its physique and cultivate various battle skills. The other used transcendent blood as a medium to create summoned creatures to fight. Luo Yi was clearly the latter.

“Not a bad ability.” Shi Yu felt that this ability was very similar to illusions.

“There’s still me, there’s still me.” The wood elf, Hillia, was also in a hurry to introduce her abilities.

[Master, they seem to be very enthusiastic about Shi Yu.] Lian muttered to Lu Qingyi.

The two elves were more active. Although the two big elves were more reserved, they were also thinking of ways to attract Shi Yu’s attention.

[Of course I saw it.] Lu Qingyi sighed. So were they here to help her or to invite Shi Yu to play?