Chapter 794 - 794 Qi'S True Identity (3)Ewqqq

794 Qi’s True Identity (3)ewqqQ

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

…

Everyone stayed in the library for a while longer before splitting up.

Shi Yu left directly, while the other elves brought Lu Qingyi and Lian to visit the Elven Empress.

Looking at this long history, if Lu Qingyi and Lian could enter the natural ruins, it was even possible to take out legendary natural resources!

After the two parties separated, Shi Yu said that he wanted to leave the palace, but he didn’t go out. Instead, he came to the royal training ground and stood on the high wall.

“Fortunately, she’s still here,” Shi Yu said.

He looked at a training area of the royal training ground. The little girl with light pink hair was still holding the exquisite and small Wind Bow and practicing shooting.

The accuracy was alright…

At this moment, Shi Yu was still waiting for Ling and the others to finish. He watched silently from the side.

This Wind Bow should be custom-made. After all, if it was a normal bow, with this Qi’s height, it definitely couldn’t be controlled.

“1.2 meters?” Shi Yu was suddenly stunned.

He suddenly realized a problem.

So short!!

It was similar to Eleven’s restrained form, like a little girl.

Shi Yu hurriedly communicated with Ling and the others in the ruins telepathically. He’d forgotten to instruct them on important things.

“Ling, when creating weapons and equipment, don’t create them according to the size of a normal person. You have to create them in the form of a human cub about 1.2 meters tall.”

In the ruins.

Ling: “?”

Ling looked at the 1.4-meter-long black sword with white lightning patterns on the stone table in front of it and fell into deep thought.

This was a lightning sword that used hardening substances as the foundation and gave it the characteristic of lightning attracting. It contained the artifact spirit.

With a wave, it could trigger heavenly lightning and shatter the ground with lightning.

“Is it a big problem to use a huge sword that’s 1.2 meters tall, Master?” Ling asked.

“The weapon is basically ready. It’ll take time to redo it, but the armor hasn’t been made yet. It can be adjusted.”

“According to my top-notch intelligence judgment, it’s not a big problem.”

Shi Yu : “…”

Shi Yu imagined a 1.2-meter-tall humanoid cub waving a huge sword that was even larger than her and shook his head.

“It’s indeed not a big problem. If the size is right, it’s too deliberate. However, the scale of armor and armor should be more suitable, alright?”

“I understand!!”

After a while, Ling was finally done.

It also integrated the twelve weapons and equipment into a prop, an umbrella.

The size of this umbrella was suitable. The handle, umbrella bone, and umbrella surface were all made of the worm silk and the wooden plants of the ginseng baby. The overall color was white.

It looked like an umbrella, but an independent space had been opened inside, containing various weapons and equipment.

By controlling this umbrella, he could communicate with the “Artifact Spirit” of every equipment weapon and materialize new weapons and equipment with the ever-changing worm silk.

For example, when facing the enemy’s attack, opening the umbrella to block could activate the Flame of Protection or the Water of Protection, forming an elemental shield to block the attack.

Of course, without doing anything, the Flame of Protection and the Water of Protection could also automatically defend, but the problem was that wouldn’t it be more handsome if it was opened!

It could also deceive the opponent and make them think that they had to open the umbrella to defend!

“I’ll call you…”

Shi Yu held the mini umbrella in his hand and fell into deep thought. He decided to call it Shiyu, with Yu meaning rain.

Shi Yu chose to name it after his own name.

Legendary equipment, Shiyu.

It could materialize various equipment to solve various difficulties at the critical moment!

The image of the umbrella corresponded to the concept of rain!

This weapon should be considered level-seven.

Under the overlord level, as long as it didn’t encounter a monster like the Void Mantis or a monster that could crush it, it shouldn’t be a problem to defeat all the invincible monarchs.

Although the tool level was level seven, its quality could already be said to be legendary. After all, it was created by Ling and the others with a bunch of “divine” combination skills.

For resources and equipment, their energy levels and quality levels were actually equivalent to the growth level and race level of pets.

Without a doubt, this Time Umbrella had already reached an extremely exaggerated level. If it was auctioned, even if it couldn’t compare to legendary resources, it shouldn’t be a problem for it to be a level-eight resource comparable to rare quality attributes.

And the price…

In the ruins space, Eleven and the others were as tired as dead dogs. Every pet recovered weakly. Through various methods, they slept, freeloaded natural energy, and ate. After all, they all worked in their best state after eating the Time Fruit. The effort was obvious.

“Master, Master.”

At this moment, after obtaining the Umbrella of Time, Shi Yu was already prepared to meet the other party. However, at this moment, Ling suddenly spoke.

It already knew Qi’s situation.

Ling said, “Although it might not be able to awaken the power of a god now, you can try to take a drop of her blood or a strand of hair from her. I can create a Mythical Revival device to try to test the type of law.”

“I understand.” Shi Yu nodded. As expected of you.

It was more reliable than the skill index.

…

At the training ground.

Qi had been practicing for the entire afternoon.

Although she didn’t have transcendent abilities, the physique of the elves was still much stronger than humans.

“Hu…”

Qi’s sore arms fell naturally, and the Wind Bow was thrown to the ground. She wiped the sweat on her forehead with her sleeve, and her light pink hair was already a little messy.

Her similar pink eyes were filled with confusion.