Chapter 795 - 795 Qi'S True Identity (4)

795 Qi’s True Identity (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Although she could also defeat some ordinary transcendent-level ferocious beasts by controlling various weapons and equipment, this path still made Qi feel uncertain about the future..

If she could obtain those legendary weapons, legendary equipment, and even divine artifacts, she could naturally become an expert. However, why would that tool be given to a sprite without transcendent power?

The same weapons and equipment would definitely only be more effective for users with higher growth levels with transcendent power.

Therefore, Qi felt that no matter what path she chose, she might still not be able to become a powerful expert.

After all, even the Book of Knowledge and the empress couldn’t help her.

“It’s better to give up.”

“I don’t have to become an expert.”

“But…”

Qi shook her head hard. She didn’t have any big dreams. Her true goal of becoming stronger at this moment was still to be like other members of her race. That was all.

The other elves of the same age were all geniuses among geniuses who had mastered various extraordinary abilities, but she didn’t know anything. This difference was the foundation for Qi’s hard work at the moment.

It would be a daydream to talk about big dreams when she was in this state.

“Forget it, it won’t work at all. I should give up.”

Qi muttered to herself. This kind of thing happened to her many times a day.

As she trained as much as possible, she couldn’t convince herself that such hard work could be fruitful.

“Why aren’t you training anymore?” Shi Yu slowly walked over. His good hearing allowed him to hear the other party’s muttering from afar.

He was very speechless at this contradictory elven girl.

She was really too different in body and mind.

Of course, it was not bad for this age.

If it were him, if he had started as a loser and came from the royal family, he would have long been ruined. Or he would have gone to do other things, such as doing business to earn money to buy legendary resources to change his fate.

It was impossible to sigh while doing training without any results.

“Ah…” Qi didn’t notice anyone coming over at all. She immediately turned around and saw Shi Yu.

Shi Yu was wearing a red archeological trench coat. Under his clean short black hair, his dark eyes stared at the other party. In fact, the clothes he was wearing now were also knitted by Buggy and Ling. His resistance in various aspects was not bad. It was considered a level-seven defensive equipment.

“No, nothing,” Qi said nervously, her voice still carrying a hint of youth.

For the elves who had a longer lifespan, she was indeed young.

At this moment, Qi felt that the human young man in front of her was a little familiar. She was slightly stunned and quickly recalled.

The other party didn’t seem to be from the royal family of Tingxiang, but the young man who was talking to President Auland at the banquet today!

Qi didn’t know Shi Yu’s specific identity. She was only an Awakening-level sprite. She was only invited to eat and drink and didn’t pay much attention to the purpose of Dragon Palace City coming to Tingxiang. After all, it had nothing to do with her, but she knew that Shi Yu was definitely a big shot to be able to talk and laugh with President Auland.

Why was it here?

“Do you want to become stronger?” After Shi Yu came over, he went straight to the point.

It caught Qi off guard. She widened her round eyes and didn’t understand what Shi Yu meant.

“If you practice like this, you’ll hurt your body.”

Shi Yu looked at the Wind Bow on the ground and said, “With your current physique, you can’t withstand the damage caused by the wind pressure to your arm. The efficiency of such practice is too low.”

Qi’s pink eyes looked at the Wind Bow and looked up. “It shouldn’t be a problem… The Wind Bow is the work of Master Gerin. The side effects are very small. Moreover, when I go back, I’ll also apply herbs…”

Shi Yu shook his head and said, “The results of inefficient hard work are completely different from efficient hard work.”

With that said, he raised his arm and took out a silver longbow larger than the Wind Bow out of thin air. He threw it to Qi and said, “Try using this.”

“What’s this…” Qi hurriedly took the silver longbow that was even larger than her. Just as she received the bow arm, she was stunned.

The moment her hands touched the wooden bow arm, the life aura flowing on it instantly nourished her entire arm along her palm. Then, all the fatigue from the afternoon’s training was swept away in an instant.

Apart from that, the faint fragrance emitted by the bow arm made Qi feel that her current mental state was surprisingly good. Her gaze became clearer and clearer, as if she could see the elemental particles drifting in the air. It was very unbelievable.

Supporting the huge bow, Qi looked at Shi Yu in confusion. As Shi Yu nodded, Qi tried to pull the bowstring in the next moment.

The Wings of Wind condensed wind elements into an arrow. The bow Shi Yu gave her didn’t have an arrow either, which meant that it was a similar weapon…

At this moment, as Qi pulled, a white cyclone compressed and condensed between the bow arm and the bowstring, forming an arrow. The tail of the arrow was like a pair of wind wings, and the head of the arrow was like a wind spirit bead.

As she pulled the weapon, Qi’s expression became more and more surprised. This was because she could clearly feel incomparably terrifying wind elemental power gathering on this weapon. The strength of the natural energy gathered was at least a hundred times greater than the wind arrow shot by the Wind Bow.

In theory, no matter how close the physique of the elves was to natural energy, she was only at the Awakening level. At this moment, such a high-intensity energy wave had gathered nearby. Under normal circumstances, it would definitely instantly backfire on the user, but no.