Chapter 797 - 797 Qi'S True Identity (6)

797 Qi’s True Identity (6)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Shi Yu said simply, and Qi, who was holding the huge sword with difficulty, suddenly felt a numbing electric current instantly flow from the huge sword into his body.

She only felt that her body was about to be electrocuted. However, after this feeling, it didn’t bring about stiffness. Instead, Qi felt that her cells were stimulated by the lightning and became active, instantly increasing her strength.

“Sword Skill, Divine Speed,” Qi said in a low voice. Her entire body was immediately filled with electricity, and her light pink hair exploded because of the blue and white electricity spreading. Then, under the flickering of the surrounding electric arcs, she, who was holding a big sword, directly disappeared, leaving only a lightning mark.

Bang, bang, bang.

The eruption of a breath was like a thunderclap that tore through the air. Then, a few crazy lightning sword lights appeared ten meters away and continued to roar forward like ferocious beasts.

In the distance, Qi, who had stopped, looked at the dancing thunderous sword light in a daze. Then, she looked at the huge sword in her hand and turned to look at Shi Yu.

This, what exactly was this!!!

In that instant, Qi actually felt that the strength of her Awakening-level body was instantly comparable to a transcendent-level ferocious beast under the strengthening of the huge sword.

Not only that, but as an elf with a natural physique, she could sense that the state just now was clearly not the limit of this sword.

It had only simply absorbed the lightning elemental particles floating in the air just now. If she wanted to mobilize them to the limit, she could even feel that this huge sword could even summon catastrophically destructive lightning.

“Although it’s a little violent, this state can train your physique. When you can’t withstand it, just summon the Staff of Life to recover from the damage,” Shi Yu said.

Shi Yu felt that the creation was still too rushed. He could completely create a set of lightning armor and hold a Space Splitting Blade to form a set. However, with Qi’s level, it was probably a little difficult to control multiple pieces of equipment at the same time.

He would level it up later.

“Staff of Life…”

Soon, Qi changed the form of the weapon and replaced it with the Life Staff created by Baby Ginseng. The recovery effect of this weapon was specially mutated and strengthened, even better than the bow arm just now.

Under the recovery of the green healing wave, the burden brought by the lightning stimulation instantly disappeared, making Qi feel like it was a miracle.

She realized that she had completely underestimated the rarity of this equipment.

This was not simple level-seven equipment at all. It could actually switch between 12 different forms, and every form had an unbelievable effect. It was not too much to say that it was a legendary weapon.

“Have you thought about it? Do you want to cultivate with me? You’ll suffer a lot. After that, you’ll also stay far away from Tingxiang. I don’t know when you’ll come back next.”

“However, in the end, you should be stronger than now, much stronger than other elves.”

“I… I want to follow you.” Her pink hair swayed. She had already completely fallen because of this weapon and was unwilling to give up this opportunity to become stronger.

“Alright.” Shi Yu nodded and said, “Then, I’ll guide you to use this weapon first. It’s a comprehensive piece of equipment. It contains twelve forms inside. Every weapon and equipment has its own name, and in its normal state, it’s called ‘Time Rain’. It’s the legendary precious artifact, the Umbrella of Time Rain. Now, you can try to restore it to the form of the Umbrella of Time. In this form, most weapons and equipment will be in a sleeping state, and the losses will be smaller.”

Qi nodded. Soon, under Shi Yu’s guidance, she converted the big sword into a beautiful white umbrella.

She happily held this very handy tool.

She opened the umbrella and maintained the childlike innocence of the child. She raised it happily and liked it very much.

This form… was much more comfortable for her to hold.

“Next, what you have to do is adjust your mentality and be more confident. Only with enough confidence can you perfectly control the power of these equipment.”

Shi Yu spent half an hour teaching Qi to use the Time Umbrella. Qi also followed Shi Yu’s request and became more and more confident. When she tested the subsequent forms, her eyes were filled with hope.

With a smile and sweat, she tried one weapon form after another. Under Shi Yu’s guidance, she kept nodding.

Although she still didn’t understand Shi Yu, at this moment, Shi Yu had already become the person she thanked the most and trusted the most.

…

Shi Yu gave Qi a few days to bid farewell to the people she knew. As for Shi Yu, he stretched out his hand and looked at the drop of blood floating in his palm, falling into deep thought.

He told the other party that the Umbrella of Time needed to be recognized by blood to be perfectly controlled. At the same time, no one else could use the Umbrella of Time anymore. She would become the only owner of the Umbrella of Time.

This saying was also true. The only requirement to be able to use the Time Umbrella was to obtain the recognition of the artifact spirits in the umbrella.

It was not wrong to let the Umbrella of Time familiarize itself with Qi’s identity through blood.

However, most importantly, after that, Shi Yu used his full-level Psychic power to get this drop of blood.

“With this, you can test the other party’s hidden strength?”

Shi Yu asked Ling in the ruins.

“Yes, Master.” Ling nodded. After accepting the fourth bureau of knowledge and the biotechnology experience of the legend of the Seven Islands, its biotechnology foundation was not low at all!

In addition to top-notch intelligence and Mythical Revival skills, it wasn’t impossible to explore the divine power in the other party’s bloodline.