Chapter 800 - 800 Time Umbrella Killing (2)

800 Time Umbrella Killing (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Wait a minute.”

At this moment, Qi felt that something was wrong. Staves and nourishing magic shouldn’t be used like this, right?

It didn’t seem to be meaningful for this attribute to counter it.

She could easily win with a bow and arrow…

However, this didn’t matter. She looked at the Earth Dragon Lizard that had been smashed unconscious and felt excited.

Next level!

…

In the outside world.

As Qi entered, most people didn’t pay much attention.

Because they were certain that she would come out with a swollen face soon.

However.

When someone noticed that behind the name representing Qi on the stone tablet in the outside world’s challenge record was refreshed, and two stars appeared, they were immediately slightly stunned.

“Hey, look, Qi seems to have passed the second level.”

This young Beast Tamer’s words immediately attracted the attention of the other members of the royal family.

“It wasn’t easy, how did Qi pass it?” another Beast Tamer said.

Awakening-level battle commander race, transcendent-level. Was this using level-three weapons and equipment?

With Qi’s level, it shouldn’t be easy to control level-three equipment.

“Cleared? So fast?” At this moment, the mystic realm administrator, Liu Ke, was still chatting with Master Ge Lin.

As the mystic realm ranking refreshed, they took a look.

“Master Ge Lin, did you prepare high-level equipment for Qi?”

“No, with her level, controlling level 2 equipment is the limit,” Ge Lin said.

Master Ge Lin pondered for a moment. “But she obtained new equipment from others. Master Liu Ke, can’t you see the situation in the mystic realm? Please see her performance next and tell me how it is.”

Master Ge Lin was not too surprised that Qi could pass the second level. After all, judging from Qi’s confident look, the equipment Shi Yu gave her should be pretty good.

“Alright.” Master Liu Ke quickly took out the mystic realm control equipment and looked at the situation inside.

Then, they saw an extremely unbelievable scene.

The short Qi faced the monarch race in front of her, the transcendent-level Ancient Frost Tree, and directly turned the umbrella in her hand into a longbow.

The bow was very big, and it was very difficult to hold and pull it. As a result, the young Frost Ancient Tree opposite was very stunned and speechless.

Then, it was this neglect that sent it away. As Qi used her hands and feet to draw the Kirin Bow, in the next moment, the Wind Spirit Bead arrow that was like a white meteor instantly blasted the Ancient Frost Tree apart.

The third level, passed!

Master Liu Ke: “???”

“What is it!!!” Master Liu Ke widened his eyes in disbelief.

“What’s wrong?” Master Ge Lin immediately said when she saw his shock. Then, she suddenly realized that three stars had already appeared behind Qi’s name, indicating that she had already passed the third level.

“What weapon is she holding? From the looks of it, its power can injure commander-level ferocious beasts,” Master Liu Ke said in shock.

“In the third level, the transcendent-level Frost Ancient Tree was directly insta-killed by her.”

If she wanted to reach this power and instantly kill an extraordinary monarch cub, she had to have at least a level-five weapon.

Just like how a baby couldn’t withstand the recoil of a cannon, it was very difficult for a low-level life form to withstand the power impact of such an attack-type weapon.

Even if it was defensive equipment, it would also bring a certain burden to the user. The fluctuations caused by the energy shield that erupted in an instant when activated would make low-level lives very uncomfortable. If the attack strength was higher, even if the defensive equipment defended against the attack, the aftermath vibrations caused could also take the lives of low-level lives.

But Qi did it. Moreover, after the battle, it continued to walk towards the entrance of the fourth level as if nothing had happened.

“That’s indeed a level-five weapon at least…!” Master Gerin said.

“Yeah.” The administrator, Liu Ke, nodded.

“Moreover, just ordinary level-five weapons are definitely not enough. It’s impossible for Qi to control ordinary level-five equipment.”

“Who exactly did she get this equipment from? Master Ge Lin, you can’t forge it, right?”

Master Ge Lin was silent for a moment. Indeed, under normal circumstances, her highest work was level-six equipment. If she used various rare materials and had help, it wasn’t impossible to forge level-seven weapons and equipment that were legendary and overlord.

However, although the energy level was high, the quality level was definitely not as high as this level-five equipment.

Because…

“This might be a weapon with an artifact spirit and autonomy. There’s only one possibility,” Liu Ke said.

Weapons and equipment with self-awareness might not necessarily be the best weapons and equipment, but the best weapons and equipment must have self-awareness!

Even if the energy level of this kind of equipment was very high, there was not much pressure for low-level users to control it.

In ancient Tingxiang, such equipment was not very rare. Some famous legendary weapons could have spirits.

But in the modern era, it was already very difficult for antique swords and other weapons to nurture spirits and become transcendent life forms.

Moreover, the weapon in Qi’s hand was still autonomous, but not a life weapon. This was even rarer.

Even legendary blacksmiths would find it difficult to forge it.

It had to be said that although Buggy’s race level was not high, its Imagination Phantom was a divine skill.

“Weapons and equipment with a certain level of consciousness… I see.” Master Ge Lin clicked her tongue. Such weapons and equipment were extremely rare. Dr. Shi Yu was really generous. He gave them to Qi just like that.

No wonder Qi confidently came to challenge the trial. Such weapons and equipment were indeed the most suitable for Qi.