Chapter 904 - 904 Son Of The Stars (2)

904 Son of the Stars (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Shi Yu’s attack made the spectators experience what it meant to be in a storm. They experienced what it meant to use pure physical and mental strength to trigger the power of nature.

From a physical overlord to a spiritual overlord to an overlord that could trigger the power of nature, Shi Yu directly crushed the Earth Desolate Bear crazily as if he wasn’t human!

“Roar!!!”

When everyone reacted, accompanied by a wail from the Earth Desolate Bear, its body was already riddled with holes from the attack. Countless water ice fragments flowed out of its body, and countless wind marks covered its body. Under the influence of various natural powers, it was mixed with the restrictions of Shi Yu’s Psychic power. In just a moment, this huge monster gradually lost control of its body. It was very difficult to recover its body with the power of the elements.

Its body was like a small mountain that had been blown up in front of the naked eye. It kept collapsing and shattering with a boom.

In the sky, Shi Yu’s attack suddenly stopped.

He took a deep breath and tried his best to adjust his strength.

He was excited. This was the power feedback of the two Mythical pets!

Shi Yu no longer dared to imagine how strong he would become when he contracted a team of Mythical races.

At this moment, seeing that Shi Yu had really done it, totem after totem, overlord after overlord looked at the arena in disbelief.

The legendary Beast Tamers of the seven countries, the legendary Beast Tamers of the totem country, those who had known Shi Yu and fought Shi Yu directly had stunned eyes. Their values were almost shattered. They didn’t understand why Shi Yu could tear apart an overlord with his bare hands after not seeing him for a while.

What exactly was wrong with the power on his body!!!

“Is he still human?”

“Won, won?”

“The feedback of the Mythical race?” The Elven Empress looked at the Dragon God beside her.

Not to mention outsiders, even their own people were extremely shocked.

Otherwise, it was impossible to explain this power.

“There might be another reason,” the Dragon God said.

Undying Fruit.

Divine Source Legendary and President Lin didn’t want to talk anymore. They knew that Shi Yu had been preparing for three days. In the end, it turned out that it was for him. They hadn’t seen this coming at all.

Most importantly… Shi Yu really succeeded! Was the increase brought by the Undying Fruit and the contracted Mythical race that strong?

Even Divine Source Legendary and President Lin couldn’t make a judgment.

As expected, he shouldn’t have believed that Shi Yu, who would play the Iron-eating Beast Knight in the vocation assessment, could compete normally in the world competition!

He just didn’t know what the World Tree… would think.

After Shi Yu’s battle ended, the entire Inatella fell silent.

Suddenly, a huge pressure descended between heaven and earth. With a hum, a thick branch suddenly stretched out from a towering tree closest to the earth-element arena.

At the end of the branch, the green tree worm-like World Tree clone descended with a serious expression.

It finally couldn’t sit still anymore.

In its opinion, this human Beast Tamer was extremely ridiculous, completely exceeding its understanding.

As the World Tree clone appeared, everyone was numb.

Only then did they remember that the World Tree clone was paying attention to every arena at all times. Then, it would give the Beast Tamer who passed the preliminaries a reward on the spot.

The Beast Tamers of the totem country who had passed at the moment had all obtained a World Tree leaf from the World Tree. The energy level of the leaf was level eight, and its quality was between legend and myth. It could be called a quasi legendary resource. It had the power to increase physique, life force, spiritual power, soul power, and various other attributes.

For the contestants of the totem country, this reward was very useful.

After all, the previous level-six Beast Tamers were all contracting overlords above their level. Their bodies were very weak. The strengthening effect brought by the World Tree Leaf could better let them welcome the next Mythical Trial.

And this time, this human named Shi Yu actually broke through the arena without sending his pet. For a moment, it was impossible for the various factions to determine what rewards the World Tree would give.

However, to everyone’s surprise, the World Tree clone didn’t directly distribute the rewards this time. Instead, it questioned Shi Yu first.

“Human Beast Tamer, where’s your pet?” the World Tree clone said.

He looked at this archeologist who had told the seven countries about the Mythical Era in advance and at this broken arena. He kept feeling that a variable seemed to have appeared in this world competition.

A freak that it didn’t expect in advance.

At this moment, as the World Tree appeared and confirmed that Shi Yu was fighting a top-notch overlord in the Beast Tamer’s main body, many factions fell silent.

“You said that using one pet to defeat the enemy is better than using two. Then I think it might be better not to send a pet to win the battle,” Shi Yu said.

World Tree clone: ???

This was how he calculated?!

“Moreover, if a Beast Tamer is only a burden to his pet and doesn’t have enough hard strength, he can’t be considered outstanding, right?” Shi Yu said.

These words directly made the scalps of the level-six Beast Tamers who had participated in the preliminaries go numb.

It also stunned the legendary Beast Tamers who didn’t participate in the preliminaries.

Was this human language?

However, no one could refute what Shi Yu said. The Beast Tamers of the totem countries just now were examples.

They were all burdens of overlord creatures.

It was the same for the seven countries. Beast Tamers were too weak and still had to be protected by their beasts. They were also burdens to their pets.

Although it could also buff the pet, they also needed the pet to be distracted to protect themselves.