Chapter 905 - 905 Son Of The Stars (3)

905 Son of the Stars (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Shi Yu displayed a completely different appearance, telling everyone what a super Blue Planet person was.

“You’ve consumed Mythical resources?”

The World Tree clone looked at Shi Yu and asked.

Apart from that, it was very difficult for him to imagine that Shi Yu’s physique could reach this level just by training and the feedback of his pets.

Shi Yu said,

“I’ve eaten the Undying Fruit.”

“This shouldn’t be against the rules, right…”

Don’t tell him that the unactivated Undying Fruit was also considered equipment.

As Shi Yu finished speaking, the expressions of the legendaries, demigods, and totems changed.

Undying Fruit?

That Undying Fruit that could at least turn one into a totem-level undead and live a second life after death?

An Undying Fruit that could increase soul power to the limit?

How could a mere level-six Beast Tamer like him come into contact with such resources!

The Valkyrie of the Seven Islands had an even more unfriendly expression. This Mythical resource… was it really not taken from the Seven Islands?

“He’s indeed Lu Bai.” The legendary master and disciple of the Phoenix Court of the Seven Islands looked at Shi Yu with a burning gaze.

Mythical resources weren’t that common. Lu Bai had obtained a Mythical resource on the Seven Islands, and Shi Yu had eaten a Mythical resource. If it weren’t for one, they wouldn’t believe it even if they were beaten to death.

“Shi Yu actually said it!”

The Dragon God and Dragon Kings of Dragon Palace City were relatively calm… They quickly reacted. This time, the Beast Tamers of the totem country would probably have to tiptoe when fighting Shi Yu.

When other beasts fought, pets needed to carefully protect Beast Tamers.

As for the Beast Tamer fighting Shi Yu, he would probably have to carefully remind his pets not to hurt Shi Yu.

If Shi Yu was killed and turned into a totem, no one could leave alive.

This was a dilemma.

The juniors of the totem country and the seven countries didn’t know what the Undying Fruit was at the start.

But as they asked the elders, their expressions exploded.

“He’ll become a totem after killing him?!”

“Why?”

How could there be such a resource? Wasn’t this cheating!!!

“I wasn’t wrong at that time. This human is indeed a monster.” The Fallen Angel Prince’s expression froze.

As Shi Yu revealed that he had eaten the Mythical Undying Fruit, even demigods and legendaries were instantly stunned.

Their faces were beyond disbelief.

Why should such a human brat enjoy such a resource?

“Undying Fruit…”

The World Tree clone was also silent for a moment.

As expected, Shi Yu’s power was strengthened from the inside out.

At this moment, everyone finally understood why Shi Yu’s battle power was so ridiculous.

A level-six Beast Tamer like him had actually eaten Mythical resources.

Of course, since Shi Yu was so strong, the Undying Fruit only played a support role, but outsiders didn’t know that due to the mystery of the Mythical resources, they subconsciously believed that the reason why Shi Yu’s main body’s battle power was so strong and why he could even activate his spiritual power was because of the Undying Fruit.

“What kind of heaven-defying opportunity is this!”

“Dong Huang can’t be so generous. In other words, he obtained it himself?”

“Don’t forget, he’s an archeologist and even investigated the history of the Mythical Era… I’m afraid the number of ruins cracked exceeds three digits, and there are even Mythical Ruins.”

If it was said that the totem factions didn’t know the value of the strongest archeologist of the seven countries just now, then now, they completely knew.

They understood that Shi Yu, who had cracked the secret of the Mythical Era, was currently the strongest archeologist on Blue Planet. His foundation might be quite rich.

“In the future, if you encounter Shi Yu, be careful. Don’t care about him. Just attack his pet.”

“After eating the Undying Fruit, this human’s strength might be even stronger than its pet. If he dies, it will be even more troublesome. Not only will he cause trouble on the spot, but the killer will also suffer the revenge of Dong Huang and Dragon Palace City later.”

The leading totems of the weak totem countries told their contestants.

If possible, they wouldn’t touch this Shi Yu.

If one really couldn’t avoid it, one would only attack the pet and not hurt it.

What the hell? This guy was the most troublesome existence to the totem country so far!

A Beast Tamer who might be stronger than his pet’s battle power, and one couldn’t even attack him! If he was killed, he could even become stronger. How could they fight!

“You… passed.” The World Tree clone didn’t dwell on this matter for long.

Although Shi Yu’s performance made its stomach hurt a little and exceeded its expectations…

However, without a doubt, Shi Yu’s potential had completely obtained its recognition.

The previous level-six Beast Tamers of the totem country were too weak. They had no potential to speak of.

What it wanted to find was Shi Yu.

The reason why he had to support a level-six Beast Tamer first was to avoid missing a genius who had yet to break through to the legendary level because of his age.

Although Shi Yu was only at level six now, his strength exceeded most legends!

After nurturing it a little, he could also compete for the Mythical Trial and champion position with other legends!

“Legendary resource, World Branch Liquid.”

The World Tree clone spoke.

A branch with liquid flew towards Shi Yu.

“After using it, it can accelerate the speed at which you strengthen the Beast Taming Space. It’s a cultivation-type resource.”

“If you accumulate enough, you can rely on it to break through to level seven during the World Tournament.”

“I look forward to your subsequent performance.”

It was a top-notch cultivation resource that didn’t exist in the Seven Nation Alliance at the moment!

Initially, Shi Yu thought that there was no hope of breaking through to legend level before the world competition. He didn’t expect that he could really obtain cultivation resources in the world competition.