Chapter 909 - 909 Space Egg Hatching (3)

909 Space Egg Hatching (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“After completing this step, the life contracted by this Beast Tamer can easily comprehend the power of the natural order and break through to the Mythical stage.”

“Of course, these are still very far from you.”

Shi Yu looked surprised.

Legendary to Mythical meant to… mold the Beast Taming Space into an independent small world with laws?

Legendary Beast Tamers had the ability to modify the Beast Taming Space. Therefore, after they died, the Beast Taming Space could transform into ruins and mystic realms. Shi Yu could still understand this, but how to mold the Beast Taming Space into a world that contained laws… Shi Yu was really…

No.

Shi Yu took a deep breath. Damn it.

Did his mind domain, such as the Taiji Domain, contain some kind of law?

The special environment of the spaces of those legendary Beast Tamers most likely came from their Beast Taming Talent.

Then in the future, could he integrate his mind domain into the Beast Taming Space? Create a world where Yin and Yang alternated?

“It has already absorbed a lot of nutrients, right?” The World Tree clone looked at the Space Beast Egg and said.

“Yes, it has already absorbed a lot of nutrients, but it should still be a little lacking… Just now, the World Tree Branch Liquid made it mutate. It seems to want to absorb the World Tree Branch Liquid very much.”

The World Tree clone was silent.

“This is also very normal. The World Tree Branch Liquid is the purest world energy on Blue Planet. It’s even more precious than the nutrients it absorbs that wander in the starry sky of the universe.”

“After absorbing it, its growth will be even smoother.”

“But you look like you want to hatch it very much, but you can’t bear to part with the World Tree Branch Liquid.”

The World Tree clone said.

Shi Yu : “…”

Since it knew, it should give him another one!!!

Wasn’t it good for them to raise this child together?

Didn’t it see that it liked its mother’s milk very much!

Shi Yu indeed wanted to hatch it.

If it was a Space Worm or an Abyssal creature, he wouldn’t be so interested.

After all, the Space Worm was basically a worm that had mastered an Infinite Devour skill.

Abyss Race… To put it bluntly, they were ducks.

There was nothing strange about it.

But the Son of the Stars.

Shi Yu really wanted to hatch it and see what skills it had.

“There’s nothing to be reluctant about.”

“Then I’ll give it to it. It doesn’t matter if I break through or not. Even if I’m level six, I can still become a world legend,” Shi Yu said.

After all, he was originally also here to win the world competition with level-six.

World Tree: “?”

“You seem very confident in your strength.”

The World Tree clone said.

It looked at Eleven and the others surrounding Shi Yu.

“Of course.” Shi Yu smiled.

At the same time, Shi Yu was puzzled.

Could the World Tree clone not tell the strength of Eleven and the others?

Including quasi-divine skills… faith skills…

Or rather, the World Tree clone didn’t even accurately judge his “self” strength at the start.

Otherwise, he should be like Divine Source Legendary and President Lin, determined that he could become the champion.

It was worse than he imagined.

Or could it be that the World Tree clone knew his strength, but there were stronger contestants?

“However, your choice was right.”

“I just said that the Beast Taming Space of human Beast Tamers is opened up by simulating a planet. The growth of the Son of the Stars is the growth of the Beast Taming Space. The growth of the Beast Taming Space is the growth of the Son of the Stars. The two will complement each other.”

“After you use the World Tree Branch Liquid to hatch it, even if you haven’t completed the contract, its ability can still assist you in increasing your cultivation speed.”

“After contracting it in the future, when the Mythical stage revives, it might be easier for you to break through to the Mythical stage than other Beast Tamers. The premise is that you all successfully grow up.”

After the World Tree finished speaking, Shi Yu was slightly stunned. He said happily, “Really?”

“Then I’ll hatch it now.”

“Think about it yourself.” The World Tree Worm stopped talking. A void vortex appeared behind it, as if it was about to leave.

It still had a mission. After figuring out the reason for the appearance of the Son of the Stars, it had no intention of staying on Shi Yu’s side anymore.

However, when the World Tree Worm was about to leave, someone panicked.

For example, Shi Yu.

“Wait, Lord World Tree, aren’t you going to see it hatch together?”

This was a child who had grown up after drinking its milk. Why was it leaving directly?

“I hope you don’t raise it to death.”

“In the Mythical Era, there were divine-level life forms who raised Sons of the Stars, but they all failed.”

“But I’ve never seen a human nurturing a Son of the Stars.” Before the World Tree clone left, it glanced at the Space Beast Egg. The Son of the Stars could be said to be the most difficult race to grow into.

It didn’t know if Shi Yu could successfully nurture it.

The World Tree clone left.

Only Shi Yu and the others were left on the spot in silence.

He looked at the Son of the Stars Egg that was still crying for food.

“I… want…”

Shi Yu heard the voice of the Son of the Stars through telepathy again.

Want… want to drink milk?

“Forget it, I’ll give it to you.” Shi Yu took out the World Tree Branch Liquid and used it to come into contact with the Space Beast Egg without hesitation.

In the next moment, a drop of white and green liquid in the World Tree Branch Liquid was directly absorbed by the white and purple-striped Space Beast Egg!

“Wuu?” “Ji?” “Yi!”

Eleven and the others widened their eyes and looked at the Space Beast Egg.

Ling’s expression also froze.

No wonder it couldn’t figure out anything no matter how it studied it.

Relying on its current intelligence level, it was ridiculous to research what the planet’s cub needed.

The Space Emperor… should have learned the hatching conditions from the Son of the Stars that he had already hatched?

At this moment, not only Ling, but even Shi Yu was more and more curious about where the Space Emperor had gone after disappearing into the starry sky.

In addition, he didn’t know if the mystic realm the Space Emperor accidentally entered was still around. Could it be that he disappeared after entering that mystic realm the second time?

The Space Egg didn’t shatter.

Instead, the light was even more dazzling.

It was as if it had evolved. At first, the light was dazzling, then the light disappeared. A new species that replaced the Space Beast Egg appeared in front of Shi Yu and the others.

“This is…”

Shi Yu and the others looked at the Son of the Stars who was trying its best to open his eyes.

It had a white spherical body and a pair of purple “cat ears” on its head, but in fact, at a glance, one could only see its upper body. The lower part and the surroundings of its back were wrapped in a rolling light purple gas. White starlight flickered from time to time in this gas. It was very beautiful.

On its white body, it had big clear eyes like a baby and a round mouth. Just as its blue-purple eyes opened, they were filled with endless curiosity about this world.

It really… hatched.

However, Shi Yu originally thought that it would be a ball. He didn’t expect it to be a ball wrapped in a nebula. Moreover, it had eyes and a mouth.

“Mi…” The Son of the Stars’s mouth trembled slightly. It looked at Shi Yu and the others before revealing a timid expression.

Its body retreated slightly with the purple nebula.

Without a doubt, there was no information about the Son of the Stars in the index.

If he wanted to know its situation, he had to understand it himself.

Shi Yu took a deep breath and stretched out his hand, trying to communicate with the Son of the Stars through telepathy.

He smiled and said,

“Little guy, come here and let Daddy see you ~”

Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong, and the other pets: ???

They suspected that he wanted to take advantage of the World Tree!!

“Mi ~” The Son of the Stars hesitated for a moment and didn’t dodge Shi Yu’s hand. Then, it revealed a happy expression. Its entire body wrapped around Shi Yu’s hand and flew. Not only was the purple nebula a gas, but its white body seemed to be able to turn into gas too!

Shi Yu immediately discovered the speciality of the Son of the Stars.

At this moment, the Son of the Stars had no defense in its heart and mind. It was like a newborn baby. Shi Yu easily established a mental and spiritual connection with it and sensed its specific situation.

“Wu…”

Under Shi Yu’s perception, the physique of the Son of the Stars seemed to be especially special!

In its body, like Buggy’s spatial pocket, Susu’s Infinite Devouring Space, and Ling’s mechanical space, there was also an independent space.

However, unlike Buggy and the others, the evolution process of this space seemed to determine the abilities and forms awakened by the Son of the Stars next.

“I understand,” Shi Yu said.

The World Tree said that the growth of the Son of the Stars was the process of shaping the rules of the world. They needed to build a complete world in their bodies…

In other words, the process of nurturing the Son of the Stars was the process of creating the world in its body?