Chapter 907 - 907 Space Egg Hatching (1)

907 Space Egg Hatching (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Shi Yu hugged the Space Beast Egg.

He had thought that this thing would hatch an Abyss Evil God.

It had also thought that this thing would hatch a Space Worm.

Apart from the fact that it was a little impossible for it to be a cosmic beast, the other two races that invaded Blue Planet might hatch!

Of course, it was also possible that it was some other strange cosmic life form.

After all, it was impossible for the huge universe to only have three races, “Space Beast”, “Space Worm”, and “Abyss Evil God”.

However, no matter what Shi Yu thought, he didn’t expect that this thing was actually a “planet cub”.

Shi Yu naturally didn’t doubt the World Tree clone.

Because its main body was Blue Planet’s clone.

As a planet, it was very normal for it to recognize its own race.

At this moment, Shi Yu’s first thought was that the Space Emperor had suffered a huge loss.

It was an insane loss.

He remembered that back then, Senior Lu had said that because the contract slot was full, the Space Emperor had given up on contracting this pet egg and the idea of contracting a cosmic beast.

He planned to experiment on others first.

If the Space Emperor knew that there was a cub of a planet’s will in the egg, would he cry?

Planet… If a planet had a race, its level had to be divine, right?

Wait.

Something was wrong.

The Space Emperor might know that this was a planet cub.

If Shi Yu remembered correctly, the information Senior Lu obtained from the Void Mantis was that when the Space Emperor went to the starry sky, he accidentally entered a starry sky mystic realm and saw “many starry sky beasts” inside.

It wasn’t just one egg, but many lives.

In addition, if the Space Emperor didn’t know what this was, how did it know its hatching and contract method?

Shi Yu suddenly recalled the scene he had seen through his listening talent.

A purple and white planet seemed to have exploded, splitting into “countless” fragments.

If a fragment represented an egg, then this purple and white planet had more than one egg.

How could a planet give birth so easily?

“Lord World Tree…” At this moment, Shi Yu knew that only the World Tree clone in front of him could solve his confusion.

“This egg… was brought back by a senior from the starry sky and given to me.”

“Son of the Stars, the cub of the planet’s will, does such a thing really exist?”

“Also… why did you come in…”

“…” The World Tree was silent.

It suddenly realized that he seemed to have barged into someone else’s independent space.

Shi Yu was also very silent.

Even if a demigod wanted to barge into his space, it would probably take some effort.

In the end, the clone of the World Tree entered just like that.

At this moment, with the change just now and the intrusion of the World Tree clone,

In this layer of space, the Panda King Eleven, the Green Dragon Buggy, the Undying Ginseng Baby, and the others in training also quickly arrived. They were only a step slower than Shi Yu, who teleported through the authority of the master of the ruins, and the World Tree clone that suddenly barged in.

A shocking change naturally attracted their attention and attracted them over.

“Roar!!!” The Green Dragon Buggy was the first to arrive. Just as the World Tree clone was about to talk to Shi Yu, it saw the one-meter-long little green dragon fly into the research institute.

With a look, the World Tree clone was stunned and a little incredulous. It sensed extraordinary power that exceeded invincible overlords like the “Flame Dragon King” and the “Fallen Angel Prince” on this strange dragon-type creature.

And the life level of this creature seemed to be at the overlord level?

The second to arrive was the owner of the research institute, Ling. A violent wind blew, and Ling, who had turned into a Wind Kirin, looked at the shining Space Beast Egg and the World Tree clone that had entered the ruins solemnly.

“What’s wrong, Master?”

At this moment, the World Tree clone’s gaze landed on Ling again.

“Wind Kirin, no, it’s a mechanical life form, but, not completely.” With a look, it frowned. It actually couldn’t see through the life form of this creature at all. It looked like a mechanical life form created by humans, but it didn’t look like it either. At the same time, it sensed an incomparably mysterious potential from Ling. Was this… a mechanical phantom beast?

“Mi.” “Ning!”

Chi Tong and Susu followed closely. The normal power of the two pets far exceeded that of ordinary monarchs and was close to overlords. Their arrival also made the World Tree clone raise its eyebrows slightly. First, it sensed the power of a hybrid on Chi Tong, from humans and phoenixes. Then, it sensed a familiar wave on Susu. It kept feeling that it had seen this guy somewhere.

“Yi!!!” Baby Ginseng was late. It crawled out of the ground and came over. The Sun Flower swayed on its head and it looked at the World Tree clone with its green eyes.

At this moment, Baby Ginseng and the World Tree clone looked at each other. On Baby Ginseng, the World Tree Worm first judged that it was a supplement race. Then, it actually sensed many powerful powers such as life and death and time on it.

“Boom!” The last to come was Eleven, who was the furthest away. Its training location was assigned to the furthest place by Ling, mainly because its training was too brutal. Ling was afraid of it hurting the bypassers.

“This is…” At this moment, the World Tree clone was stunned again. It looked at the panda flying over with the electromagnetic levitation and actually felt power comparable to the totem level from it.

How was this possible?

“Sob.” At this moment, Eleven and the others looked into the room and asked Shi Yu what was wrong.

“It’s alright. Lord World Tree simply… came over as a guest,” Shi Yu said.

“They’re your pets?” At this moment, the World Tree clone suddenly realized something.