Chapter 902 - 902 Not Being Human Again (7)

902 Not Being Human Again (7)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

As the saying went, confidence was at the peak. Shi Yu’s battle without any worries directly erupted with incomparable potential.

The Earth Desolate Bear’s strength and defense were not weak. Speed was its disadvantage. In the previous battles, it had exchanged injuries for injuries and resisted the attack. Shi Yu’s speed still had some advantages.

He directly punched the Earth Desolate Bear’s face in midair.

Boom!!!

An incomparably terrifying sonic boom, accompanied by an extremely compressed fist wind, directly hit the Earth Desolate Bear’s face. Cracks instantly appeared on the rock on its face, and its entire head leaned back slightly.

Shi Yu’s punch actually injured the Earth Desolate Bear!!

Although it was only an extremely light scratch that couldn’t even affect the Earth Desolate Bear, at this moment, all the lives watching this battle were instantly stunned.

Initially, on Dong Huang’s side, Divine Source Legendary, President Lin, and the others were still wondering why Shi Yu didn’t send his pets.

Now, they realized that this damn child seemed to want to f*cking do it himself?

“What the hell!”

Ye Xing, Divine Bell, and the others, who had arrived at the scene, also looked up at the arena in shock.

They were all here to see Shi Yu’s performance, but in the end, Shi Yu’s actions directly made them unable to do anything.

“This…”

The contestants of the World Tournament who had challenged the Earth Desolate Bear previously were stunned at this moment. Their expressions were stunned as they doubted their eyes.

Those overlords looked at their weak level-six servants and then at Shi Yu, who had injured the Earth Desolate Bear in one hit on the arena.

“Ah…”

White Brook was incomparably stunned.

She felt that even if she entered the fusion state, she couldn’t launch this attack.

At the side, Lu Qingyi and Lin Xiuzhu were stunned by Shi Yu’s attack.

Legendaries and demigods… frowned together.

“Tch.” Shi Yu sensed the reaction force coming from his body and looked at the Earth Desolate Bear that had only suffered light injuries and instantly healed itself. He was extremely silent.

As expected, with just physical strength, he could only be crushed by this guy?

“Roar!!!”

At this moment, after the Earth Desolate Bear suffered the attack, it was not affected at all. It angrily condensed the Rock Roar Cannon in its mouth and swept it at Shi Yu in midair.

At the same time, the huge palm slapped at Shi Yu.

As for Shi Yu, his movements were not restricted at all in the sky.

In order to be agile, he directly maxed out his Psychic power.

At this moment, the air around Shi Yu began to hum and vibrate. Substantial spiritual power formed a blue outline around Shi Yu.

It let him fly freely in midair.

At this moment, Shi Yu’s pupils were instantly dyed in an incomparably deep blue. He raised his hand, and an ocean-like spiritual power instantly formed a torrent that intercepted the brown light pillar Rock Roar Cannon!!

Under the impact of the Rock Roar Cannon, Shi Yu’s body was quickly pushed in the sky, but the form of the Rock Roar Cannon also kept distorting under the pressure of Psychic power!!

Boom!!!

Finally, under Shi Yu’s hard work, he suddenly raised his arm. The Rock Roar Cannon directly changed the direction of the attack and was sent flying into the sky by Shi Yu’s Psychic power.

Until this moment, everyone had completely lost their ability to think. The Beast Tamers of the totem country were extremely confused.

“This is… Psychic power?”

Apart from his physical strength, the mental strength that erupted from Shi Yu’s body again stunned many totems.

It was fine if a human’s physique was so strong, but why did he also master psychic power!!

This Shi Yu was also a mixed-blood?

No, there were not many hybrid Beast Tamers present. There were even hybrids who had reached the Legendary level and mastered extraordinary power. However, all of them watched everything solemnly. This was no longer a matter of hybrids.

This guy was a humanoid overlord ferocious beast!!

However…

“It’s a super skill. The super skill of the Earth Desolate Bear.”

However, at the same time, the Earth Desolate Bear’s huge palm also descended. This super huge palm that could flatten a mountain directly charged at Shi Yu.

Shi Yu directly felt the threat of death from this huge palm.

Even if he had the physical and mental strength of an overlord, due to the restrictions of humans, he could only scratch the top overlords like the Earth Desolate Bear.

It couldn’t cause any damage to the other party that could affect the outcome.

Fortunately…

He was sufficiently prepared.

“That’s it?”

Under the pressure of life and death, the blood in Shi Yu’s body boiled.

An incomparable potential erupted from his body.

Pseudo overlord will, activate!

Because of the existence of the Undying Fruit and the mind domain, countless potential was also hidden in Shi Yu’s body.

At the same time, because he kept adding points, if Shi Yu was a transcendent life form, his willpower level would have long been tempered to the level of an overlord’s will.

However, what he lacked was a method to erupt with potential.

With the help of Susu’s memory water drop, Shi Yu studied for a day and took turns to understand the experience of Eleven and the others erupting with overlord will. Now, he had some success.

He could erupt with more potential.

When the human body broke through the limit, it could also be very dazzling.

Boom!!

Shi Yu’s strength was like the eruption of a small universe, like the opening of a genetic lock, constantly increasing!

It was directly strengthened!

Boom boom boom boom boom boom boom!!!

In the next moment, Shi Yu stood in the sky and punched out again!!

It smashed out of thin air.

Suddenly, the air howled!!!

The moment he punched, Shi Yu used his physical strength and mental strength to squeeze the air and create fist wind, forming a wind-element move that combined into a terrifying air cannon.

This move also took shape under his guidance through Ling.

Fake Wind Element Control!

Through wind, it countered earth!

The Air Cannon was like a huge fist shadow several meters tall, displaying the extreme speed of light. As the white fist shadow moved, it directly emitted a vibration sound that resounded through the arena!!

Bang!!!

The terrifying fist wind turned into a wind dragon and carried out a dragon roar, directly colliding with the huge palm of the Earth Desolate Bear.

In the next moment, the pupils of the Earth Desolate Bear constricted.

In an instant, countless traces of rocks eroding and shattering were instantly left on its palm and arm.

Boom!!!

The Earth Desolate Bear, which had defeated many monarchs and overlords, directly took a few steps back under the powerful fist wind. Its figure was swallowed by the surging and violent fist wind, and the entire arena rumbled.

“Unfortunately, the damage isn’t enough? Again!” Shi Yu sighed.

Everyone revealed shocked expressions.

The space where the demigods were suddenly trembled with the change in their mood.

“Impossible, this is a human?”

“What exactly is he doing!”

Even the World Tree clone recovered its confused expression at this moment. It kept feeling that something was wrong with the way it unfolded.