Chapter 906 - 906 Son Of The Stars (4)

906 Son of the Stars (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

This time, the World Tree suddenly had an additional Mythical Trial. If other Beast Tamers obtained the divine inheritance, then Shi Yu’s championship might be unstable.

If he could break through, it would undoubtedly be even more perfect.

“Legendary-level cultivation resource!”

At this moment, when they saw that the World Tree clone had rewarded Shi Yu with legendary-level cultivation resources, the expressions of the other contestants changed. Shi Yu was already so strong at level six. If he broke through to the legend level, what would happen?

Only Dong Huang’s Divine Source, President Lin, and the others were pleasantly surprised.

Shi Yu was already a step away from the legend level. In addition to Shi Yu’s powerful pet strength, as long as he broke through to the legend level, the world competition champion could be said to be completely without any suspense.

In the Mythical Trial, he could definitely obtain more opportunities!

The gift from the World Tree was completely timely.

“Wait… Shi Yu really needs our protection?”

Among the legendary contestants of Dong Huang, Divine Bell and Ye Xing watched in silence the whole time. They had no idea when Shi Yu had eaten the Undying Fruit, nor did they know how Shi Yu had obtained such strong strength.

As long as one wasn’t stupid, they could tell that if the Beast Tamer himself was strong, the pets would definitely be stronger than the Beast Tamer. Just the Undead Possession could directly double Shi Yu’s battle power again.

They looked at President Lin and saw that he had a calm expression.

“More like take care of each other…”

President Lin was also very helpless. How would he know that this kid’s strength had increased so quickly!

Ye Xing and Divine Bell had complicated expressions.

At this moment, the World Tree clone had already retreated. The rock arena automatically repaired, and a new Earth Desolate Bear gradually condensed.

In the arena, Shi Yu held the branch and felt the surrounding gazes. He was slightly stunned.

Then, he tightened his grip on the branch and smiled in all directions.

“See you in the main competition.”

“I will become a new world legend.”

As Shi Yu finished speaking, the expressions of the overlords and their servants gathered around changed.

“This guy…”

At this moment, the entire venue was shocked. The contestants with the strength of invincible overlords who didn’t participate in the preliminaries and could directly participate in the main competition had unfriendly expressions.

They all felt mockery.

A mere level-six Beast Tamer who had only eaten a Mythical resource. Wasn’t he a little too arrogant!!

Did he think that he had the strength to win the championship just like that?

Not to mention the contestants of the totem country, even the expressions of the contestants of the seven countries changed slightly. They didn’t understand why Shi Yu was so brave.

Didn’t he know that saying this would directly become the number one target of the totem country…

“Holy shit, kid, you can choose not to talk if you don’t know how to talk.” After Shi Yu finished speaking, the gem cat had already enveloped Shi Yu with its Psychic power and teleported him. Shi Yu directly disappeared from the earth-element arena and was teleported back to the Dong Huang area.

“Haha, what’s the matter?” Shi Yu laughed and said, “Giving myself some pressure.”

“Let’s not talk about it anymore. Teacher Ying, I’ll go cultivate first.”

Now that the preliminaries had passed, Shi Yu only had one thought. He had to hurry up and use this world’s branch liquid to cultivate.

He didn’t want to pay attention to the changes in the outside world for the time being. Breaking through his strength was the most important thing!

“Eh.” The gem cat was just about to say something when Shi Yu couldn’t wait to study the World Tree Branch Liquid.

At this moment, storms instantly rose in the seven countries because of Shi Yu’s performance. Zou Yun, Gao Xuan, Ji Feng, and the other level-six Beast Tamers’ expressions never recovered their calm from the beginning to the end.

The Beast Tamers of the other six countries also looked in Dong Huang’s direction in a daze.

The totem country exploded.

Shi Yu, Shi Yu. This name had made them especially concerned a few days ago, and now, their concern had increased by several levels.

He actually passed the preliminaries without even sending his pet. If he sent his pet and cooperated with his pet, how strong would he be?

Most importantly, this guy was only a level-six Beast Tamer.

Now that the World Tree had given him the resources to break through, before the main competition… could he break through?

“Ignore him.”

“The key is the opportunity in the Mythical Trial.”

The totem giants hidden in the dark echoed softly.

The rules were already very obvious.

Whoever could obtain the inheritance in the Mythical Trial was most likely to become the final winner.

No matter how strong Shi Yu’s battle power was, it was only a telepathy talent. It couldn’t make the pet’s strength undergo a qualitative change.

The real outcome still depended on the strength of the transcendent creature.

In the alternate space, Divine Source Legendary, the Dragon God, and the others had long expected Shi Yu to attract huge attention in Inatella. This was only the beginning. At that time, Yu’s Wind Kirin and the other pets had no choice but to participate in the battle. At that time, Shi Yu would directly become the center of the storm.

“I hope he can successfully break through to legend.”

At this moment, in Shi Yu’s ruins space.

Holding the World Tree Branch Liquid, Shi Yu was filled with joy.

However, as he sensed the power of the World Tree Branch Liquid, someone seemed to be even happier than Shi Yu.

In the ruins space, the Ling Research Institute, the Space Beast Egg Hatching Room.

At that time, when Yu entered the ruins with the World Tree Branch Liquid, suddenly, the Space Beast Egg that was originally lacking a nutrient and had yet to hatch in Ling’s research suddenly flickered and erupted with a shocking light.

A powerful energy wave shook the sky, causing the legendary ruins to tremble, making Shi Yu’s expression suddenly change.

This light seemed to be indicating that it was extremely hungry for the World Tree Branch Liquid.

“What’s going on?”

At this moment, Shi Yu couldn’t help but teleport to the side of the Space Beast Egg and stare at the egg.

At the same time, he put away the World Tree Branch Liquid, afraid that this guy would snatch resources from him.

At that moment, as it resonated with the World Tree Branch Liquid, the Space Beast Egg directly had an obvious change.

The remaining traces of time on it that even Shi Yu couldn’t see clearly began to make Shi Yu’s listening talent, which had not reacted for a long time, hear voices again.

The voice was extremely young, like a baby.

“I want.”

At the same time, listening to his historical talent made Shi Yu see exaggerated scenes on the egg.

In the vast starry sky.

A purple-white planet that was about to shatter disintegrated into countless fragments.

Fragments shot in various directions in the starry sky of the universe.

At this moment, apart from Shi Yu, Ling, and the others in the ruins, the creatures outside didn’t sense the change in the Space Beast Egg. It was far from the impact of the sound of laws brought by the quasi-divine skill.

However, this special wave made the World Tree clones in various places in Inatella look up in confusion.

“Why would a Son of Stars appear on Blue Planet?”

“Who brought it back?”

The Son of the Stars, the prototype of a life planet and the prototype of a world’s consciousness. As the clone of Blue Planet’s will, the World Tree Worm immediately sensed that a member of its race had appeared on Inatella.

It crossed space effortlessly and arrived at the independent space where the Son of the Stars was. Then, it silently saw a scene.

The Beast Tamer who had just been rewarded with the World Tree Branch Liquid was holding the egg of the Son of the Stars and looking cautiously at it, which had suddenly barged into the ruins.

Shi Yu was shocked. He sensed that someone had barged into his ruins and thought that it was a demigod.

In the end, it was a green tree worm.

World Tree clone!

At this moment, the tree worm was looking at him solemnly.

“Where did the egg you’re holding come from?” the World Tree clone said.

Shi Yu was stunned for a moment. “What’s wrong with it??”

The World Tree clone said, “You’re holding a cub of a planet’s will.”

Shi Yu: “?”

Huh?

A planet cub?

There was such a thing?

Shi Yu was momentarily stunned.

The egg that the gem cat had always wanted to fry was a planet?!

Then what it wanted just now was the World Branch Liquid from Blue Planet. It was… Shi Yu’s expression was strange. It was breast milk?