Chapter 903 - 903 Son Of The Stars

903 Son of the Stars

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

At this moment, the overlords and totems present doubted their eyes.

This human Beast Tamer named Shi Yu actually didn’t send out his pet and walked onto the arena himself. He gave the Earth Desolate Bear with the strength of a top-notch overlord two punches?

They were very certain that Shi Yu’s “self” was not in a fusion state.

The key was that the Earth Desolate Bear, which had displayed a domineering posture when facing opponents of the same level previously, was actually really forced back.

The first punch looked like a scratch, but the second punch, the fist that swept spiritual power and compressed air, actually directly suppressed the super skill of the Earth Desolate Bear. The terrifying fist wind instantly swallowed the Earth Desolate Bear!

Boom!!

The Earth Desolate Bear’s ten-meter-tall body tilted backward in front of Shi Yu’s tiny body, making everyone in disbelief.

“I think Shi Yu… will have some trouble! The opponent is a top-notch overlord after all.” Before the battle, the Prediction Owl had predicted this outcome for the Beast Tamer of Dong Huang.

It didn’t hide anything and told the teachers and students of Imperial Capital University about the results of its premonition, such as the old principal of Imperial Capital University, Yin Zhengfan, and the others.

However, at this moment, the old principal of Imperial Capital University, Yin Zhengfan, Gao Xuan, and the others, were very confused. Their gazes were filled with confusion. With a rumbling vibration, they looked at the Prediction Owl. Was this what he meant by Shi Yu being in a little trouble?

If Shi Yu sent his pet to obtain an advantage, it wasn’t that they couldn’t accept it. After all, Shi Yu was the number one person below the legend of Dong Huang. He should perform better than the level-six Beast Tamers of the other seven countries, but…

“Buzz!!!”

Just as everyone was shocked, the owl was also at a loss.

In the next moment, the feedback of the premonition power made its level loosen a little.

In the prophecy scene, it saw Shi Yu himself being attacked by an overlord. It originally thought that Shi Yu was already an arrow at the end of its flight and that his pets had all lost. Even if there was a deviation, the outcome wouldn’t be good. In the end, it was told that Shi Yu was fighting an overlord one-on-one?!

So, the problem wasn’t the prophecy, but it?

“What’s wrong with this human Beast Tamer…”

Under the confusion of the various factions, the Earth Desolate Bear lay on the ground and let out a roar that resounded through the world.

“Roar!!!”

The power of the earth continuously surged into its body. The places where its body was shattered were repaired again. Moreover, deeper-colored rock armor kept superimposing on its body.

Just as Shi Yu had sensed just now, although his attack was already very strong and definitely not a problem to deal with ordinary overlords, one hit was not enough to deal with a top-notch elemental overlord.

He had to continue attacking!

If Shi Yu had only “serious punched” just now…

Then now, he raised his arms and used “Consecutive Serious Punches”.

In a protracted battle, Shi Yu couldn’t compare to the Earth Desolate Bear, so he could only erupt.

His current state was established on the foundation of “Will Explosion”, transferring the potential of “totem-level Ghost God Shi Yu” to his current human body.

Under the enhancement of the totem-level potential and the overlord’s will, his explosive power would temporarily exceed the limit.

Boom boom boom boom boom!!!

Just as the Earth Desolate Bear’s eyes caught up, in the sky, a violent fist wind that was like a rainstorm descended with violent natural power.

“I have to let you leave the ground.”

Under this attack, the weather in the sky changed, and dark clouds gathered. Shi Yu’s powerful mental strength had already affected the weather. Raindrops fell one after another, mixed in the fist wind, making the fist wind that filled the sky like a storm devour the Earth Desolate Bear again!

Water Wind Psychic Combination Skill!

“Roar!!!”

The expression of the Earth Desolate Bear, which was just about to get up, changed. It resisted with all its might.

However, the descending fist wind was like a terrifying super storm or a super tsunami that swept for thousands of miles. It contained fatal power. The moment it came into contact, the Earth Desolate Bear felt that its entire body had suffered countless impacts and was about to fall apart…

Bang!!

It was suppressed back again and smashed back to the ground with a bang. The armor on its body shattered!

In the arena, a huge pit appeared. Shi Yu directly created an artificial lake with his Psychic power.

Whoosh!!!

In an instant, the ground cracked, the arena rumbled, and a rainstorm descended from the sky. Scattered mental strength scattered in all directions, and the Earth Desolate Bear slowly sank into the newly formed small lake with a tragic expression.

At this moment, every punch of Shi Yu’s affected nature because of his powerful superpower. His continuous attacks did not stop. After all, when his soul couldn’t withstand such an eruption, he would wither, so he had to work hard.

Crack.

Under the influence of his superpower, the temperature of the rain that swallowed the Earth Desolate Bear first plummeted and instantly froze, turning it into an ice sculpture. Then, Shi Yu’s fatal attack followed and directly descended on the Earth Desolate Bear that had turned into an ice sculpture. The collision of ice and earth directly made the Earth Desolate Bear’s defense even weaker, and its body shattered with a crack under the fist wind.

This scene had completely exceeded the scope of people’s understanding. Suppressing the Earth Desolate Bear? They widened their eyes. A… Beast Tamer with the battle power of a top-notch overlord?

Indeed, some mixed-blood Beast Tamers and Beast Tamers with special talent were also very strong in battle, but they definitely wouldn’t exceed their level restrictions!!

How could Shi Yu, a level-six Beast Tamer, display overlord-level battle power!!

No matter how one looked at it, this didn’t make sense.