Chapter 908 - 908 Space Egg Hatching (2)

908 Space Egg Hatching (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Two overlords comparable to totems and six monarchs comparable to overlords. These creatures were all pets of this human called Shi Yu?

He, a level-six Beast Tamer, contracted two overlords above his level?

Moreover, they were all so strong?

“…” However, when it recalled Shi Yu’s abnormal physique, the World Tree clone suddenly felt that it was normal.

Even legendary Beast Tamers who weren’t proficient in body forging weren’t as strong as this Shi Yu.

With such a physique, it was understandable for him to contract two overlords above his level.

No, Shi Yu’s strong physique might also be because of the feedback from these pets! It was mutual achievement! It focused on the Iron-eating Beast and the little green dragon with monster-like physical strength.

What race were these two guys?

The World Tree clone wanted to trace the origin and see the secrets of Eleven, Buggy, and even Ling clearly, but because the main body of the World Tree was still sleeping, it was also possible that the power on the other party had already exceeded its perception. What made the World Tree clone silent was that it actually couldn’t see through them.

It would be fine if Eleven and the others were demigods, but their life fluctuations were clearly not above the overlord level.

Most importantly, what surprised the World Tree clone was that the traces of life on their bodies were terrifyingly short.

They were basically not older than five years old!

“They… are indeed my pets.” Shi Yu nodded.

“You actually contracted two overlords above your level.”

At this moment, the World Tree clone was completely interested in this human Beast Tamer named Shi Yu!

A few days passed. The World Tree clone also understood Shi Yu a little.

He developed the fossil revival and mechanical phantom beast system. From there, through this system, he revived divine beast fossils and mobilized dream memories to spy on the Mythical Era.

The birth of the Mechanic class had already surprised the World Tree, and someone had relied on the Mechanic class to create a new phantom beast race that traced back to the Mythical Era, making it even more surprised.

The World Tree Branch Liquid was extremely precious, but at this moment, the World Tree clone didn’t regret giving it to Shi Yu at all. If this guy broke through to the legend level and relied on these pets, he would completely be a champion.

Even if it had already learned that there were two freaks who contracted totems above their level in this batch of contestants, it was still very likely that Shi Yu would do it.

As long as Shi Yu could obtain pretty good gains in the Mythical Trial…

Of course, it wouldn’t favor anyone. Whether it was the human that was the main battle power or the beast that was the main battle power, it was still verifying which of the two paths was better.

The two Beast Tamers who contracted totems above their level were both hybrids with special talents. Be it their bloodlines or Beast Taming Talents, they were tailor-made to contract specific lives. The restrictions were extremely strong, but it was undeniable that they had created a miracle.

Even the World Tree clone sighed. The totem clans were also advancing with the times. Their development of humans had reached an exaggerated level.

Contracting a totem-level life form was originally the patent of a level-nine legendary Beast Tamer.

However, it was reduced to level seven by the transcendent life form through modifying human bloodlines, talent, and modifying the contract method.

As for the human countries, the World Tree clone felt pretty good. For example, the appearance of a mechanical life form… was an extremely powerful battle power.

At the same time, this Shi Yu had also created a miracle.

“Of course,” the World Tree clone said.

“And it can be said to be the most common race in the universe.”

Shi Yu, Ling, and the others were slightly stunned as they looked at the World Tree clone.

“In the starry sky of the universe, there are countless planets. There are a few planets that will give birth to consciousness by chance. When the planet gives birth to consciousness, it has the initial qualifications to nurture divine-level life forms.”

“Although the lifespan of a planetary life form is very long, there’s still a limit. When the lifespan of a planetary life form reaches the end, it will break down and turn into countless children of stars that fly in all directions of the universe.”

“A planet might nurture more than a million Sons of the Stars. However, more than 99% of the Sons of the Stars will fail to hatch because they can’t absorb enough nutrition in the universe. As for those lucky ones who successfully hatch, they have to survive a relatively long weak period and grow quickly in danger to have the ability to protect themselves in the starry sky.”

“After all, the Son of the Stars is also food that many cosmic life forms like.”

At this moment, Eleven, Ling, and the others looked at the Space Beast Egg in shock.

So, the egg that Teacher Cat had always wanted to eat was a planet?

Therefore, Teacher Cat was also a cosmic life form?

Star cat…

“Can the Son of the Stars be contracted like ordinary pets?” Shi Yu asked.

According to the contract method provided by the Space Emperor, this kind of cosmic life form might be very strange. Just like heroic spirits, it would be bound to Beast Tamers in a special way.

Shi Yu felt that the Space Emperor might have come into contact with other Sons of Stars and had done a certain amount of research.

However, it was unknown if the Space Emperor knew that these Sons of Stars were cubs of a planet.

“In theory,” the World Tree clone said. “The Beast Taming Space of human Beast Tamers is created by simulating a planet. The growth of the Son of the Stars is the growth of the Beast Taming Space. The two will complement each other.”

“However, the complete growth difficulty of the Son of the Stars is also the highest in all lives.”

“The difficulty is equivalent to a Beast Tamer cultivating the Beast Taming Space from level nine to level ten.”

“The growth of the Son of the Stars is the process of shaping the laws of the world. They need to build a complete world in their bodies. It’s the same if Beast Tamers want to reach the Mythical stage. They need to shape the Beast Taming Space into a small world that contains laws.”