Chapter 901 - 901 Not Being Human Again (6)

901 Not Being Human Again (6)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

For a moment, Shi Yu arrived at the rock venue and attracted the attention of various parties.

Be it fellow preliminaries contestants, legendary contestants, or stronger totem life forms, they all paid attention to the situation in the rock arena.

Under their gazes, Shi Yu slowly walked onto the rock-element arena.

At the same time, he looked up at the huge beast on the other side of the arena.

“Can he win?”

“It’s difficult, unless he also contracted an overlord above his level.”

“Although he’s the number one person below the legend of Dong Huang, it’s only a telepathy talent after all. Even if he contracted an overlord above his level, I think it’s barely enough.”

There were discussions everywhere.

“It shouldn’t be a problem, right?” Luo Yi and Hillia said.

“There’s definitely no problem,” Annie, the overlord sprite of Tingxiang who had fought Shi Yu, said.

After all, Shi Yu had already defeated her alone.

“Finally here.”

On Rongguang’s side, when Lucille saw that Rongguang’s level-six Beast Tamer had no hope of passing the preliminaries, she had long paid all her attention to Dong Huang.

Seeing that Shi Yu, who had easily defeated her, had finally appeared, her expression relaxed.

“This guy…” At this moment, the eldest prince of the Demon Nation had a serious expression as he flew above the rock arena. In its opinion, the strength of this Earth Desolate Bear was only so-so, but Shi Yu… He couldn’t see through him at all.

After learning that Shi Yu was actually the strongest archeologist in the seven countries, he understood that his perception at that time was right. This guy’s strength definitely came from a source.

Next, he could finally see the strength of his pet.

He didn’t think that Shi Yu wouldn’t be able to pass the preliminaries. He only wanted to see how much of a threat Shi Yu could pose to him in the main competition.

“Roar!!!”

World Tree clone, legendary demigods, contestants of the seven countries, totem clans… Under countless gazes, on the rock arena, the Earth Desolate Bear roared!!

“Roar!!!”

As long as someone stepped onto the arena, these elemental life clones would immediately attack. This also meant that the battle had already begun!!

Boom!!!

The Earth Desolate Bear, which was more than ten meters tall, stood on the arena like a small mountain. Its rock-like body was incomparably heavy, containing the aura of history. A brown deterrence wave involuntarily released from its body.

The incomparably terrifying overlord aura instantly spread, and a huge hole instantly appeared in the sky. Cracks appeared on the arena that was repeatedly destroyed and repaired under this strong deterrence.

This was the starting move of the guardian overlord. Deterrence first. Although the level-six Beast Tamers who came to Inatella were all elites among the level-six Beast Tamers in the world, most people had already lost their ability to fight in the face of this deterrence.

Transcendent-level deterrence!

Coupled with overlord-level strength.

If there were no overlord-level pets in the team, it would really be difficult to resist.

Its willpower would probably instantly collapse.

At this moment, the deterrence of the Earth Desolate Bear attacked from all directions.

Shi Yu stood in the arena without moving at all and looked straight at the Earth Desolate Bear.

At this moment, everyone was stunned.

“Why didn’t he call his pet?”

Under normal circumstances, the challenger would have already summoned his pet outside the arena.

Otherwise, just as he stepped onto the arena, he would also instantly summon his pet.

Shi Yu…

It didn’t look like it was going to summon a pet at all.

Was he crazy?

Without the help of pets to resist, with the weak physique of humans, they would probably be instantly defeated by this deterrence wave. Be it their bodies or minds, they would collapse.

Boom!!!

A huge deterrence aura completely enveloped Shi Yu and the entire arena. Shi Yu’s short hair and clothes fluttered because of this. However, what made everyone open their mouths wide was that under the deterrence of a top-notch overlord, Shi Yu’s expression didn’t change at all. He still stood in the arena without moving.

It was as if this deterrence couldn’t affect him at all.

Weak.

Very weak.

At the moment, Buggy had mastered a deterrence that was enough to deter totem-level. After its mental feedback, Shi Yu’s mental strength was almost immune to deterrence. For his overlord-level physique, spirit, and quasi totem-level soul power, this deterrence was indeed not enough.

“Deterrence… is ineffective against him?”

Before many spectators could react, Shi Yu moved.

Ignoring the deterrence, Shi Yu’s figure flashed.

This speed was undoubtedly very fast, but life forms above the overlord level could see clearly.

However, it was precisely because they could see it clearly that they all revealed shocked expressions.

“Wait, what does he want!!”

“Moreover… how is this possible?”

Bodywork.

Pure physical skills.

On the arena, Shi Yu purely relied on his physique that was strong enough to compare to an overlord-level dragon to move. His body disappeared from the spot like an afterimage.

His speed had even crushed most of the monarchs it had challenged previously.

In an instant, Shi Yu turned into a beam of light and ran out, leaving only the sound of wind exploding. His afterimage first moved on the arena. Then, like a broken line, he stepped on the ground and cracked it. He leaped up and instantly arrived in front of the Earth Desolate Bear with his small body.

He jumped to the height of its head.

Although he was fighting alone, Shi Yu could be said to have no worries. After all, even if he couldn’t defeat it, so be it. In any case, his pets could save the situation at any time. This big guy couldn’t cause him any harm.