Chapter 910 - 910 Taking Someone Else'S Path

910 Taking Someone Else’s Path

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Awesome!”

No wonder the World Tree said that the Son of the Stars was difficult to nurture.

This was the rhythm of letting the cultivator become the “Creation God”.

If it wanted the Son of the Stars to take shape, its interior had to contain a complete set of laws that could support the operation of the world.

How much power of the natural order was needed?

It was already very rare for a more powerful divine-level life form to master three to four nomological divine skills, while a planet god needed even more than that.

“Earth, Blue Planet…”

Shi Yu quickly thought of various similar rules on Earth and Blue Planet.

But soon, he shook his head.

Too small, too small.

He had only seen what he had come into contact with, but he understood so many creation myths. Why didn’t he broaden his horizons?

For example, shaping the “world” into the “Three Realms of Dao”, based on the theoretical support of Yin Yang, naturally produced the three spaces of heaven, earth, and man.

For example, molding the “world” into the “World of Six Dao Reincarnations” and using the karma when he was alive as the foundation of the main world to create the Six Dao.

There was no need to be restricted to the technological world and the Beast Taming World.

As long as the rules were suitable, was it possible to create a “Immortal Cultivation World” and “Magic Battle Aura World”?

According to the World Tree clone, the complete standard of the Son of the Stars was that the inner world had the qualifications to create a “divine-level life form”.

Different divine-level lives could be created according to the different laws in the body.

In the beginning, Blue Planet had clearly taken the path of nurturing divine beasts, but now, it planned to nurture divine-level Beast Tamers.

Shi Yu looked at the Son of the Stars. He didn’t plan to let it take the same path as Blue Planet, but he hadn’t thought of what world to open up.

At the same time, the white ball with purple cat ears hid in the purple nebula and looked at Shi Yu strangely.

“Hehe.” It didn’t understand why Shi Yu was looking at it with a silly smile.

Although he had not completely thought about it, Shi Yu confirmed in a moment how to nurture this Son of Star.

Putting everything else aside, he definitely had to have the “faith law mechanism”.

How could it be easier to plunder the power of faith on Blue Planet than to create a world himself and become the only faith in this world?

At that time, Baby Ginseng would directly enter the body of the Son of the Stars and transform into a “World Tree”. Buggy would directly transform into a “Creation God Dragon”. The other pets would be the same. They would become the first batch of Creation God Spirits and the primitive gods of that world to obtain faith. Logically speaking, their strength should be able to increase greatly.

Similarly, when he nurtured Baby Ginseng, Buggy, and the others to the point where they could use the power of the natural order, it would be easier for the Son of the Stars to open a complete world with their help.

Shi Yu judged that the Mythical creatures of Blue Planet and the Mythical Era should also have this relationship of mutual achievement. However, Blue Planet might be a little higher than the Son of Star. It was an awareness born directly from the form of a planet.

If Blue Planet was a mother, then the son of a star was a daughter.

“Mi…” Just as it was born, the Son of the Stars looked extremely tired. Shi Yu could clearly sense that this guy was hungry.

“Food.”

Shi Yu looked at Baby Ginseng and Susu beside him.

The two of them were stunned. One took out a level-one Tree Fruit, and the other took out a diluted level-one Starry Sky Strange Water.

It was afraid that this newborn Son of Star couldn’t digest it if it was too high-level.

“Mi!”

Seeing the food, the Son of the Stars’s eyes lit up. It didn’t refuse anyone and didn’t care what it was. It directly flew over and swallowed it in one go.

Swoosh, swoosh, swoosh.

After eating, the Son of the Stars stopped and landed on the table. Shi Yu saw its satisfied expression.

“Stop training first.”

Shi Yu smiled at Eleven and the others.

“Let’s play with it for a while.”

As there was no contract, if they wanted to understand more about this new son of a star, Shi Yu and the others could only personally play with it and slowly come into contact with it.

…

< Name > Son of the Stars

[Attributes]: Space

[Race Level]: High-level overlord (Quasi Mythical)

[Level of Growth]: Transcendent

[Race Skill]: Inner world (Super skill, the body has a growth-type world. The growth of the world determines one’s growth and evolution.)

World Force (Super skill, can mobilize the laws, nature, faith, and other powers in the inner world to attack).

World Blessing (Super skill, can rely on the world itself to give other life blessings. The effect of the blessing depends on the world’s ability).

[Energy Points]: 10,000

After Shi Yu and the others studied it, they roughly understood the situation of the Son of the Stars.

Although he didn’t know if this was the limit of the Son of the Stars, from the abilities he had learned so far, the potential of the Son of the Stars was very strong.

Among them, the World Blessing was an ability similar to the World Tree Blessing.

The World Tree clone didn’t lie to him.

After the Son of the Stars blessed Shi Yu through this skill, Shi Yu could clearly sense that the speed of strengthening the Beast Taming Space had become faster.

Perhaps it was because the Son of the Stars had absorbed the World Branch Liquid that its blessing effect had a similar ability.

In fact, during the blessing period, the cultivation effect was comparable to his cultivation in the Space Emperor Ruins.

After all, the Son of the Stars was only at the transcendent level!

If it grew to the demigod level, wouldn’t its blessing effect be comparable to the blessing of the World Tree?

Moreover, under the blessed state, Shi Yu discovered that this enhancement completely didn’t conflict with the enhancement effect of the legendary ruins and the Blue Sea Ruins. His cultivation efficiency directly multiplied!

At this moment, Shi Yu was overjoyed.