Chapter 914 - 914 Beginning Of The Mythical Trial (2)

914 Beginning of the Mythical Trial (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

In the end, including the contestants of the totem country’s preliminaries, a total of 120 of the nearly 600 level-six Beast Tamers passed the preliminaries.

Moreover, more than half of these 120 people had received the rewards of the World Tree.

Of course, the best reward was still Shi Yu’s World Tree Branch Liquid. Ever since then, there had been no reward that exceeded the level of the World Tree Leaf.

This was similar to what President Lin said. Among level-six Beast Tamers, there were no contestants that Shi Yu needed to care about.

Shi Yu’s real enemy was still the trump card of those demigod factions.

…

After the preliminaries ended, President Lin immediately informed Shi Yu that the resources rewarded by the archeological Conference had arrived.

Shi Yu stopped cultivating. He was still a little far from level seven. He couldn’t help but feel that it was a pity, but when he heard that the resources had arrived, he was immediately overjoyed.

Shi Yu came out of the ruins and came to President Lin.

“Two Mythical resources. They’re the World Tree Fruit and the Soul Pearl.”

“There are also two legendary resources. They’re the undead-element Spirit World Fragment, Fire-element Hollow Flame.”

“Spirit World fragment, Space Crystal Flame?” Shi Yu looked at President Lin and asked, “What are these?”

Shi Yu naturally knew what the World Tree Fruit and the Soul Pearl were.

However, Shi Yu was very surprised by the two legendary resources President Lin brought.

He vaguely remembered that it seemed to be a spatial resource. He didn’t know if he remembered wrongly.

“These two resources can be said to have been specially found for you.”

President Lin smiled and said, “The Spirit World Fragment is actually a spatial fragment of a ruin called the Spirit World. This ruin is at the Mythical stage. It shattered for unknown reasons, and a total of seven core fragments were separated. Every one of them is a legendary resource. After refining it, it can allow the soul attack of undead-type creatures to have its own tearing effect and increase spatial attainments. Apart from that, it can also give undead-type creatures the physique to travel through space.”

“You often explore ruins and mystic realms. Resources with spatial effects are more useful to you.”

“The Heart Flame is also a similar resource. After refining it, not only can it strengthen fire-element power, but it can also increase the user’s spatial attainments, allowing its fire moves to burn the spatial crystal wall more easily. It’s considered a spatial-element Strange Fire seed.”

“I remember that General Mu Huiyin’s heroic spirit is proficient in mastering the power of the soul and the sun, but it’s not proficient in spatial power.”

“Indeed.” Shi Yu nodded.

Against spatial enemies, he was already used to using Eleven or Buggy.

As for the other pets, they basically relied on equipment or brute force.

For example, if Chi Tong wanted to crush a spatial pet, it just had to possess a hardened iron sword enchanted with the Space Quake effect. It was enough to kill indiscriminately.

Therefore, he didn’t let them specialize in spatial power cultivation.

It was mainly because there was a shortage of skill bars at the moment. Shi Yu couldn’t let every pet take care of everything.

When it reached the totem level, it could optimize his skills itself.

“Next is the ruins trial. Let Mu Huiyin’s heroic spirit refine it and take a look. Even if it can only refine 10% of its strength, it’s not bad.”

“I’ll also give you the World Tree Fruit. Use it if you can. It can be used to increase the skill proficiency of the Chaos Panda and the Green Dragon. Although they’re powerful, they’ve just evolved. Their racial skill proficiency is still too low. It might become their shortcoming in fighting other invincible overlords and even totems.”

“As for the Soul Pearl, according to you, it’ll be safeguarded at the Dong Huang Association first.”

“Alright.” As President Lin and Shi Yu chatted, the change in the sky of Inatella Island happened quietly.

On the island, countless green worms flew into the sky and gathered.

Under the combination, a gorgeous green eagle was born.

Right on the heels of that, an eagle cry that shook the forest and stopped the clouds suddenly appeared.

Buzz!!!

Under the cry of the eagle, Shi Yu and President Lin felt the surrounding space tremble.

“It’s the World Tree clone.”

Seeing this, President Lin and Shi Yu looked up.

“Don’t tell me the Mythical Trial is about to begin so soon,” Shi Yu said.

The preliminaries had just ended less than two hours ago. Wasn’t this giving them merely two days to prepare?

However, just as Shi Yu and the others thought, the green eagle flew in the air and circled for a while. After attracting the attention of all the lives on Inatella Island, its voice sounded again.

“The Mythical Trial is about to begin. All contestants of the World Tournament, head to the location of the ‘fire-element arena’ during the preliminaries. I will awaken the divine-level creature of the Mythical Era, the ‘Boar God’, here.”

“The first Mythical Trial will be set by the ‘Boar God’.”

Boar God!

At this moment, the hundreds of factions on Inatella Island were stunned.

They had never heard of this name.

Although the Mythical Era had ended, because humans in the future had never given up on archeology, the later generations still had a little understanding of the Mythical Era. For example, the Dragon, Phoenix, and Kirin were the three Mythical races in the east. These were all known to people.

However, countless archeologists and legendary demigod experts present had never heard of what kind of god the Boar God was.

“Isn’t the fire-element arena Dong Huang’s side?” Shi Yu said.

President Lin nodded and said, “Yes.”

Dong Huang was already in a heated discussion.

Although they didn’t know what kind of god the Boar God was, everyone took a deep breath and understood. A divine beast that had existed since the Mythical Era was about to be awakened by the World Tree!!

They were going to see a true god.

This world competition was not in vain.