Chapter 911 - 911 Taking Someone Else'S Path And Leaving Someone Else With No Way Out

911 Taking Someone Else’s Path and Leaving Someone Else With No Way Out

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The investment in the World Tree Branch Liquid was not a loss!

At the moment, the only thing that Shi Yu felt was a pity was that the Son of the Star was the same as the Time Sprite. He couldn’t teach other skills at all.

The racial restrictions were serious. Perhaps before it grew up, it could only increase its racial skills to lead its growth.

Also, its level was too low at the moment. Its inner world was not enough to support the entry of life forms “at the transcendent level and above”.

As a result, even if Shi Yu and the others wanted to help it shape the world laws such as Yin Yang, they were unable to complete it.

Shi Yu decided.

After he broke through to the legendary level, he would first contract the Son of the Star and replicate its three racial skills. He would keep teaching it and let it become an overlord quickly.

At that time, it and the entire team could complement each other and quickly become stronger. At that time, with its power, he should be able to quickly break through to level eight and legendary…

“I’ll call you Little Zi. Meaning Little Purple.”

“Mi…”

After the entire team gave the Son of the Star a name, Shi Yu and the others watched as Little Zi fell asleep.

It had just been born and it had already given Shi Yu a world blessing. Little Zi was clearly very tired.

“Wu…”

After Little Zi fell asleep, Shi Yu looked at Baby Ginseng and the others.

“Sob.”

“Yi.”

“Ji.”

At this moment, Eleven and the others put away their smiles from playing with Little Purple just now.

Their expression was extremely serious.

Ridiculous.

It was very ridiculous.

Especially the three innermost brothers in the team, their expressions were extremely serious.

They felt that the guys who joined the team later were each more heaven-defying than the other.

Chi Tong, the power reincarnation of a Titled Legend, Susu, the strongest sea demigod reincarnation, Ling, the inheritance of a Mythical creature. In the end, another spatial law sprite and planet cub came.

Was there any way to stay in this team!

How far did they have to fight to maintain the advantage in the team?

“Well, it’s decided.”

At this moment, Shi Yu suddenly clapped and said.

“When the World Tree Fruit of the Alliance arrives, let’s see if it can be used as an evolution material for the ginseng baby to evolve in the direction of the World Tree.”

“Undying Sun Ginseng Evolution, World Ginseng.”

“When we win the world championship, let the World Tree help advise.”

“At that time, you and the Son of Star will be biological siblings of the same mother.”

This way, it and the Son of the Star might be able to support each other better.

“Yi!” Baby Ginseng’s eyes lit up.

World Ginseng!

It sounded good.

“Jiu!!” Beside him, Chi Tong, who looked like a little red sparrow, immediately looked at Shi Yu eagerly.

Didn’t they agree to let it evolve after the world competition…

Why did Baby Ginseng obtain a Mythical evolution resource?

This was not scientific.

“Don’t worry, don’t worry. Don’t worry, I’ll definitely arrange the strongest evolution for you,” Shi Yu said to Chi Tong with a smile.

“The kind that can slash open a world with a sword.”

“I’ll inform them now. Ah, no, President Lin, please. Those legendary resources are all undead and fire-element.”

Chi Tong:!!

Ling: Another big show.

….

In the outside world, the preliminaries were still in full swing.

On Shi Yu’s side, after he was done with the hatching of the Son of the Star, he immediately ran over to look for President Lin anxiously.

At this moment, President Lin was still paying attention to Zou Yun and the others.

He even asked some old friends to give them temporary special training.

Although Shi Yu passed the preliminaries easily, it was still too difficult for other ordinary level-six Beast Tamers.

Shi Yu didn’t rely on pets and broke through the preliminaries himself. This was an extraordinary blow to Ji Feng, Gao Xuan, Zou Yun, and the others.

However, they were helpless. They could only comfort themselves with the fact that Shi Yu had eaten Mythical resources.

After all, the resources they used in their lifetime might not even be worth a tenth of the Undying Fruit. Thinking of this, they forcefully felt relieved.

“President Lin, is there any news of the resources from the alliance?”

“Legendary resources, can you give me fire-element or undead-element resources?”

In front of Shi Yu, President Lin said, “Didn’t we say that we could talk about faculties previously?”

“It’s used to strengthen Mu Huiyin’s heroic spirit?”

President Lin was slightly stunned. It was difficult to imagine that Shi Yu’s current physique was even stronger than his, a titled legend. After all, he didn’t neglect training at all.

He instantly understood Shi Yu’s thoughts.

Shi Yu’s own physique, including his quasi totem-level soul power. If he was possessed by a powerful undead, wouldn’t his battle power… be even more ridiculous?

Totem-level battle power?

For a moment, President Lin was speechless. It was fine if Shi Yu had the two totem-level battle power, Eleven and Buggy, but he actually wanted to strengthen the third totem-level battle power… In other words, his and Chi Tong’s possession combination.

“Yes.” President Lin’s thoughts were actually right.

However, there was actually no need to strengthen it anymore. At the moment, the combination of Shi Yu and Chi Tong was already quite powerful. Fortunately, the Undying Fruit had strengthened Shi Yu’s soul to the quasi totem level. After combining with Chi Tong, this advantage could be even more obvious.

At the moment, the combination of Chi Tong and Shi Yu usually also had the battle power of an invincible overlord. If they used several undead puppets as scapegoats to slash out the strongest sword, it would be a proper totem-level sure-kill skill.

“It’s indeed better to have another trump card.”

“I’ll ask Senior Divine Source to urge them,” President Lin said.

“In addition, I’ll transmit you a piece of information.”

“This is the information on the contestants of the totem country that has just been concluded from the seven countries.”