Chapter 915 - 915 Beginning Of The Mythical Trial (3)

915 Beginning of the Mythical Trial (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“What will a real god look like?” The demigod legendaries in the alternate space opened their eyes and looked in the direction of the Fire Arena.

At this moment, the green eagle continued, “The Boar God is a fire-element god. In the Mythical Era, it once destroyed countless Space Worms and made them into food to share with the gods. It gave them a taste of their own medicine. It’s very powerful.”

Holy shit!

When the World Tree clone finished speaking, not only were the lives of the various countries stunned, but even Shi Yu was slightly stunned.

They had seen the Wind Kirin’s dream.

Even the Wind Kirin had to escape from the hunt of the Space Worms. This Boar God actually made the Space Worm into food?

Although the Wind Kirin was only a cub and the laws it mastered were not good at battle, the strength of the Space Worm was definitely very strong. This Boar God could survive until the end of the invasion war and use the invaders as food. Obviously, it was strong to the point of explosion.

“This Boar God must be the main battle power in that war.”

“It’s just… I wonder what form its inheritance will take.”

Everyone discussed. At the same time, the fire arena where the fire python overlord previously existed buzzed and vibrated. The surrounding space was directly red.

Boom!!!

In an instant, the entire fire-element arena instantly turned to ashes. The shocking red light seemed to have burned through this space, causing another space to descend into the world.

At this moment, on the ground in the entire outside world, spiral flames directly formed a domain in a large area. Under the burning of the void in the center, a huge figure dozens of meters tall slowly formed.

Dong…

The moment its figure was outlined, it was as if the island had trembled, and an incomparably deep sound of laws appeared. The spatial power and natural power on the island were all suppressed. Even the demigods in the alternate space felt the violent vibration around them. Moreover, it was as if their necks were being strangled. It was very difficult to breathe, and they felt their bodies heat up.

“This law strength…” The demigods were extremely shocked. Legendary Beast Tamers’ gazes were solemn to the extreme. This was the first time in their lives that they had felt such a terrifying pressure.

This Boar God gave them a feeling that although the strength in the other party’s body was very weak, if they fought, they would also be in extreme danger.

Swoosh!!!

Under the sound of laws, all the creatures on the island, including Shi Yu and the demigods who could be called Mythical races, felt the suppression from their realms.

As the voice echoed, when the living beings present reacted again, the entire island had already become a fiery red world. The sky and ground had all turned red.

“I slept for a long time.” In the center of the flames, the full appearance of a huge creature appeared in the flames. It had a humanoid body. Its legs, abdomen, and arms were filled with black muscles. A few messy dark red bristles stained its body, forming fire-like patterns.

Its head shocked many factions, because it was a pig head. Although its face had demon-like fire patterns and its long fangs were filled with deterrence, its iconic pig nose made people recognize its race at a glance.

Among the many totem countries, an inconspicuous group of pig-headed people stretched out their arms with trembling bodies and looked at the huge monster. No one expected that the very powerful Boar God in the mouth of the World Tree clone was actually a god similar to a pigman.

“Lord Boar God, according to the agreement, I’ll leave the rest to you.” At this moment, in the sky, the green World Tree Giant Eagle faced the Boar God.

“I understand, little guy.” The Boar God glanced at the green eagle and said loudly.

The conversation between the World Tree clone and the Boar God shocked everyone again.

Wait a minute, wasn’t the World Tree the clone of Blue Planet’s will? Logically speaking, shouldn’t its status be very high?

Even if it was a god from the Mythical Era, it should have been born on Blue Planet…

Everyone kept feeling that there were secrets they didn’t know.

The Boar God looked at the World Tree clone. The others didn’t know, but as a batch of gods who had made a deal with the will of Blue Planet and were sleeping in Inatella, how could it not know?

Although the World Tree was said to be a clone of Blue Planet, it was actually just a spokesperson created by Blue Planet to accelerate the revival of the Mythical stage. Compared to a clone, it was more like a child who had inherited some of Blue Planet’s will and power. In terms of status, it was just a junior of their group of divine beasts that had experienced the invasion war.

After all, if it weren’t for them protecting Blue Planet together, Blue Planet would have long been completely destroyed, and the World Tree wouldn’t have been born.

“Are these the so-called human Beast Tamers?” At this moment, the Boar God looked at the 100,000 lives surrounding it and at the demigod experts hidden in the alternate space, revealing an interested expression.

Its huge fangs revealed light, and its red eyes revealed curiosity.

Because it had slept for a long time, the power in its body was already very weak, equivalent to the overlord level. Because the laws of the world were incomplete, its divine skill had fallen to a quasi-divine skill. However, the pressure it gave the outside world was still very powerful.

After all, with the blood of a god, even a demigod couldn’t determine the strength of this Boar God at this moment.

“Roar…” A weak hot wind blew from its mouth. After sweeping its gaze, it said,” Compared to other things, it’s indeed better to look at strength. “