Chapter 913 - 913 Beginning Of The Mythical Trial (1)

913 Beginning of the Mythical Trial (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

At this moment, not only did Shi Yu obtain the information of the contestants of the totem country, but the other contestants of the seven countries also obtained it.

The moment they obtained the information, the legendary contestants of Dong Huang and the others were extremely solemn.

The background and names of the invincible overlords of these demigod factions alone were very oppressive.

Moreover, the Origin Land and the Dragonman Empire were actually suspected to have Beast Tamers who contracted totems two levels higher?

What the hell!

Could they still play happily together?

“This world competition is the most ridiculous one I’ve ever watched.”

Zheng Hai accompanied his master. The Tyrannical Sea Legend looked at this information and said in a low voice, “Looks like I still underestimated the cruelty of this world competition. Even if you break through to the legend level, it’s still filled with danger.”

“Even if I deal with these contestants, including the two totems, it might take some effort.”

Zheng Hai said, “It’s alright, I’m a satisfied person. It’s fine as long as Ye Xing and the others can achieve good results on behalf of Dong Huang.”

“Well, it depends on what’s going on with this so-called Mythical Trial inheritance. If it’s a test of battle power, it won’t have any advantage for most contestants, but if it’s a test of other things, there might still be hope.”

The various totem countries also obtained the information on the legend contestants of the seven countries.

Although various countries kept it a secret, it was impossible not to leave any traces. About 60% of the information could still be detected.

Among them, the legend of Dong Huang’s army, Ye Xing, the legend of Xue Yuan’s army, Andre, the legend of Shen Feng’s army, Qiao Sen, and the Holy Maiden of the Divine Church of Light, Amelia, were all regarded by the totem country as having “Titled Legendary battle power”.

In other words, with their entire team added together and the Beast Tamer’s Beast Taming Talent, they had the strength to temporarily resist the totem level and could be said to be invincible among overlords.

The trump cards of the Seven Islands, Ming Hua, and Tingxiang of the lower three countries were relatively weaker in the eyes of the totem countries. This was also because these three countries had never entered the top four in the first three world competitions.

However, this world competition was extraordinary after all. The totem country also thought highly of these three countries and thought that their trump card had the battle power of an “invincible overlord” at full strength.

“And this Shi Yu…” Apart from the legendary contestants of the seven countries, the totem countries focused on Shi Yu. However, there was even less information about Shi Yu.

Apart from the title of the number one person below the legend of Dong Huang and the founder of the mechanical phantom beast, the totem country had not even investigated Shi Yu’s pet information.

Some totem countries with connections actually only investigated the so-called battle results of the National League… This thing could be used as a reference. The championship was not as valuable as the title of number one person below the legend level.

But the number one person below the legendary level… The various totem countries basically ignored this title in the past.

The information on the legendary contestants of the other seven countries was investigated more comprehensively because the totem country had started investigating very early. As for Shi Yu, his rise was too fast. Previously, he was still unknown. In addition, after becoming famous, the information was protected too well by Dong Huang, so the totem country had no way to start.

However, considering the terrifying battle power of Shi Yu’s main body and his identity as the strongest archeologist, not many people dared to underestimate Shi Yu.

In addition to his arrogant championship declaration… If he didn’t have hard strength, he definitely wouldn’t dare to talk nonsense.

For the time being, the various totem countries regarded Shi Yu as the legend battle power of the seven countries’ trump cards… Although Shi Yu had yet to reach the Legend level.

At this moment, Shi Yu still didn’t know that he had already been especially valued by the totem country. However, even if he knew, he didn’t mind. This was because no matter how the totem country investigated, it was impossible for them to know all his trump cards.

Chaos Panda, Green Dragon Buggy, Wind Kirin, mind domain, self-destruction ginseng… Go investigate!

As for Shi Yu, he didn’t believe that there was a Beast Tamer’s foundation above his in the totem countries and the seven countries.

The preliminaries were still in full swing. Shi Yu didn’t pay attention to Senior Lu, Gao Xuan, and the others. Without thinking, he knew that they were all undergoing temporary special training.

After knowing the information about the contestants of the totem country, they naturally had to prepare for battle. It was probably the same for the totem country. The various countries were at odds.

It was about the same for him. In the next two days of the Shi Yu preliminaries, one was to adjust his state, and the other was to work hard in meditation to see if he could break through to the legend level quickly.

Just like that, the preliminaries were coming to an end.

On Dong Huang’s side, it was very worth celebrating. Be it Gao Xuan, Zou Yun, or Ji Feng, they passed the preliminaries after seven days of hard work.

Gao Xuan received the guidance of the Mechanical Legendary. The Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast and other mechanical pets completed the fusion evolution and loaded a super-scale weapon developed by the Mechanical Legendary. Only then was he lucky enough to pass the preliminaries.

In the end, Ji Feng used the paywall battle strategy every time in accordance with the rules and barely passed the preliminaries with the help of more than ten battle experience.

Zou Yun had it the most difficult. The financial group that cultivated him was unwilling to see Zou Yun lose the preliminaries. They invested a lot of money in dark-element legendary resources. After Zou Yun’s pile of dark-element pets used them, they obtained the ability to increase their battle power greatly in the night. He worked hard for seven consecutive nights and only fought in the night every day. Only then did he barely win against a guardian.

It had to be said that major competitions could often stimulate one’s potential more. Although the guardian overlords of the preliminaries had low intelligence and a single battle pattern, and their incomplete life forms weren’t real life forms, their battle power was still incomparable to ordinary overlords. And now, it wasn’t just Dong Huang. Seven days later, level-six Beast Tamers from the other six countries also passed the preliminaries through various methods.