Chapter 917 - 917 Kill Until No One Dares To Fight (1)

917 Kill Until No One Dares to Fight (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

After the boar’s words, all the fire-element creatures were extremely excited.

All the non-fire-element creatures and Beast Tamers’ expressions darkened.

As expected…

Just as the World Tree clone had said, these divine-level life forms actually restricted their attributes when choosing heirs.

Shit!

“Why does it have to be fire-element!”

The tree sprite of the Thunder Crown Rubber Divine Tree,

The Green Dragon Prince of the Dragonman Empire’s gaze froze, revealing a dissatisfied gaze.

They were at the totem level. They had a huge advantage in the World Tournament, and there was a high chance of them finally obtaining the blessings of the World Tree.

But if other contestants obtained the inheritance in the seven Mythical Trials and broke through, their advantage would disappear.

This Living Fire that contained the Laws of Life was clearly a good thing.

Seeing others obtain it was even more uncomfortable than losing resources.

“Fire element!”

However, after the fire-element creatures were excited, they quickly calmed down.

Among the 106 factions present, there were actually many fire-element overlords.

Among them, even after cooperating with the Beast Tamer, there were many fire-element creatures with the strength of top-notch overlords.

But at this moment, their hearts were no longer as hot as flames.

They looked in the direction of the Dragon Empire, at the domineering Fire Dragon King.

They looked in the direction of the Lava Empire, at the powerful and domineering Lava Beast.

These two fire-element creatures should be the strongest among them.

The Dragon Empire was a demigod-level faction. As its heir, the Fire Dragon King’s strength was naturally without a doubt.

As for the Lava Empire, it was located in the largest volcano on Blue Planet and had a rich foundation.

There were many lava countries, including a lava country near the Seven Islands.

However, there was only one Lava Empire. Their territory was larger, their race was stronger, and it was even the only Lava Nation that cultivated and raised humans.

Commanders, like the Tyrant Dragon King, were close to demigods.

At this moment, the Lava Beast of the Lava Empire also stood on the ground and looked at the Life Fire with a burning gaze.

Boom!!

Be it the Fire Dragon King or it, there was a shocking deterrence eruption on their bodies. It had actually reached transcendent.

Seeing them, the hearts of the other fire-element overlords immediately felt like they had been doused with cold water.

These two were recognized as strong in the various totem countries. How could they compete with them…

Wait!

Was there a chance to watch from the sidelines?

Let the Fire Dragon King and the Lava Beast fight first and wait for both of them to suffer?

Many fire-element creatures had this thought.

Otherwise, directly fighting and competing with them was no different from courting death.

The chances of victory were too small.

“Ye Xing.” In the Dong Huang area, Divine Bell shouted for Ye Xing.

As for Ye Xing, he shook his head. “My Red Sun Rock, together with my Beast Taming Talent, is already at the limit to fight top-notch overlords. The chances of defeating them with a single pet are very small.”

After a moment of silence, Divine Bell said, “My Fire Plume Fan is the same.”

Although she was a descendant of a Mechanical Legendary, Divine Bell’s Beast Taming Talent was very strange. That was, the more ancient the contracted pet, the stronger the power it could display.

Therefore, she basically contracted some antique sword-type undead.

However, she was not very interested in archeology. With her identity, she could obtain such a pet as long as she made a request. There was no need to search for it herself.

“Jie Yi.”

In the direction of the Seven Islands, Jie Yi of the Phoenix Court was also extremely silent. Beside her, Legend Ji Xiang of the Phoenix Court pressed her shoulder and let her watch for the time being.

It was very difficult for a young man who had just broken through to the legend level to compete for that living fire.

At this moment, everyone was extremely afraid.

The rules of this Mythical Trial were very simple, to the point of being simple and crude.

Whoever was the strongest fire-element would obtain the Living Fire.

However, it was such a rough rule that made many fire-element overlords and fire-element Beast Tamers’ heads hurt.

It was better to do some complicated trials that tested talent or potential.

Comparing battle power… was that appropriate!

Wasn’t this clearly not giving anyone a chance?

“No one?”

At this moment, a huge square fire domain was formed on the red ground under the Boar God’s feet. The flames that rose surrounded a fire arena.

It said, “Those who are confident in their strength can come and defend the arena. There’s no need to worry about consumption. As long as you obtain a victory, I’ll bathe your entire bodies in this Life Spirit Fire, producing the fire power you consume and the injuries you suffer. Before sunset, you can finally obtain this Life Spirit Fire in this domain.”

“The process of bathing in the Life Fire is also the process of strengthening yourself. Therefore, even if you can’t stand to the end, as long as you win a battle, you can also be strengthened. The premise is… that you can survive the next battle.”

“Similarly, if you clearly have strength but don’t come up for a long time, this fire will decrease greatly under continuous consumption. Even after obtaining it, it won’t be complete.”

“So if any of you are interested, come up quickly. Stop dawdling.”

The mythical boar fell.

Everyone’s hearts tightened.

This was clearly not comfortable.

“President Lin, my luck is pretty good. I’ll win this trial.”

“I’ll go first. If I don’t go soon, I’ll be used by others.”

At this moment, Shi Yu stared at the Boar God, the Life Fire, and the Fire venue and smiled.

“Shi Yu, you…”

“Although your strength is very strong after Mu Huiyin’s heroic spirit possesses you, won’t it be a little risky? After all, it’s only at the monarch level.”