Chapter 912 - 912 Making Others Have No Way (3)

912 Making Others Have No Way (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Very important.”

“You came at the right time.”

“Alright.” Shi Yu nodded.

Shi Yu’s index immediately received the information. At the same time, President Lin said,

“According to statistics, there are a total of 99 totem countries participating in this world competition. Including the seven human countries, there are 106 factions.”

“There are a total of 702 contestants. Among them, there should be 136 Beast Tamers who have reached level seven.”

“Almost every totem country has a legend Beast Tamer participating.”

“At the moment, most level-six Beast Tamers in the totem country have contracted overlord lives above their level. 70% are low-level overlords of monarch races and overlords, 25% are ordinary overlords, and 5% are top-notch overlord battle power.”

“You don’t have to worry too much about this. It shouldn’t be very likely for a contestant to threaten you among level-six Beast Tamers.”

“What you have to care about is the trump cards of the nine demigod-level factions in the 99 totem countries.”

“Every one of them is almost an invincible existence among overlords. They have ‘quasi totem-level battle power’, and their battle power is enough to threaten totem-level lives.”

“The Dark Elven Prince of the Dark Night Forest, the Fire Dragon King of the Dragon Empire, the Fallen Angel of the Demon Kingdom, the Infinite Sea Region, the Void Court, the Arctic Icefield, the Eternal Desert, the Ghost Sea…”

“Among them, what you need to pay the most attention to is the Origin Land and the Dragonman Empire.”

Shi Yu was stunned, wondering if he had heard wrongly.

The place of origin needed to be taken seriously. He could understand this.

This place was actually a totem alliance that surpassed eight totem countries. It was the largest rainforest and forest area on Blue Planet, and also the area with the richest races. It was a huge faction that was not inferior to Dragon Palace City.

It was said that the current demigod, the Origin Tree God, had already undergone nine reincarnations. Every time it reincarnated, it could stand at the peak of the Origin Land again.

It was very normal to value this totem faction, but the Dragonman Empire…

The Dragonman Empire was the largest totem country in the vicinity of Dong Huang apart from Dragon Palace City. The commander was the Tyrant Dragon King. Although it was known as the strongest below the demigod level, it wasn’t a demigod yet. Therefore, the strength of the Dragonman Empire should be a little different from these true demigod factions.

“Could it be…” Shi Yu was stunned.

“They have totem levels?”

He quickly mobilized the information on the contestants of the totem country that he had just downloaded. Then, his expression changed.

As expected.

“Yes.” President Lin nodded and said, “The Origin Land, the Dragonman Empire, these two factions seem to have completed contracting totems above their level.”

“The totem of the Origin Land is the wood and lightning dual-element Thunder Crown Rubber Divine Tree, a plant-type life form.”

“And the totem of the Dragonman Empire is the son of the Tyrant Dragon King. It’s a dragonman hybrid, known as the most perfect dragonman hybrid.”

“The information on their contractor talent is unknown at the moment. It’s very secret.”

“But even if you ignore Beast Tamers, these two totems undoubtedly have the strength to crush overlords. They’re your great enemy. Whether you can win the championship depends on the outcome of the battle with them.”

“Of course… You also need to take the trump cards of the other demigod factions especially seriously. Each of them is only a step away from the totem level. Previously, they couldn’t break through, so they might just be accumulating their foundation. Now that they haven’t broken through, they might be worried that their contractors can’t withstand it, but if they obtain huge gains in the seven Mythical Trials, there might be hope of breaking through to the totem level.”

“At that time, they will also become your great enemy.”

“In fact, it’s even more threatening than the two totems I mentioned.”

“For example, the son of the Tyrant Dragon King is only known as the most perfect dragonman hybrid, but the Fallen Angel Prince of the Demon Kingdom is known as the most perfect hybrid. If it breaks through to the totem level, its battle power will probably be close to a top-notch totem.”

Shi Yu nodded. He had also noticed it.

For example, the Dark Elven Prince and the Fire Dragon King he had seen a few months ago. Initially, they only had about 90 million energy points, but when Shi Yu observed them again in Inatella, he realized that their energy levels were already nearly 100 million.

Even the normal energy value of the fallen angel with two souls had already exceeded 100 million, reaching the same “???” level as Eleven and Buggy.

These guys completed another round of strengthening before the World Tournament began.

“It’s indeed a little dangerous for them to obtain the inheritance in the Mythical Trial…” Shi Yu said,” I wonder what requirements the seven Mythical Trials have for the candidates. ”

“Looks like I have to get Ling to apply a Wind Blessing to me.”

“The pet attributes and types in my team are still very comprehensive. They involve various major attributes and major life forms. If I’m lucky enough to participate in all seven trials, it’ll be stable.”

“As long as I round up the seven Mythical Trial rewards, the contestants of the other totem countries won’t be able to obtain the rewards. If they can’t obtain the rewards, they won’t be able to become stronger, and they won’t be able to threaten me.”

Shi Yu fell into deep thought. If that was the case, it would be perfect.

Taking other people’s path left others with no path to take.

President Lin: …?

After a moment of silence, President Lin said, “Don’t forget, there are still the seven countries. Among the seven countries, the trump cards of the various countries, including Ye Xing, have also been heavily nurtured by the various countries. With all their strength, they might not necessarily lose to the trump cards of these demigod factions. If you want to cover the rewards, the legends of the other six countries will probably have to grit their teeth at you…”

It was better to be a human. It wasn’t as easy as he thought. It was impossible for him to use pandas and green dragons to kill all seven trials.

Shi Yu: …