Chapter 916 - 916 Beginning Of The Mythical Trial (4)

916 Beginning of the Mythical Trial (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The huge Boar God raised its thick arm. White flames condensed and gradually formed a flaming saber. On the saber that was dozens of meters long, white flames that looked like liquid started rising with layers of life aura, spreading a shocking vitality.

Boom!

The Flame Blade was stabbed into the ground by the Boar God.

“This…” At this moment, all the demigods were shocked.

Because this move of the Boar God completely defeated them. In terms of control over the power of the natural order, they were completely inferior to this Boar God. The other party… actually casually condensed a fire blade suspected to be a Mythical resource that contained quasi-power of the natural order?!!

“Next, here. With humans as the main body, you can only send fire-element creatures to battle. You guys will decide the strongest. The strongest can obtain my former weapon. It contains the law of life.”

“It’s called the ‘Spirit Ascension Blade’. With a slash, it can make a dead object give birth to a soul, turn a seed into a divine plant, and let the soul shape the body. It was my weapon at that time. Although it’s already broken, it’s still a rare treasure for creatures who have never mastered a divine skill. Come, let me see your strength. Who can take away the Flame Blade that contains the ‘law of life’ and take away the Life Fire?” It laughed and looked at the many lives.

Mythical resources!

At this moment, all the Beast Tamers with fire-element pets in the seven countries felt their hearts heat up. The eyes of all the fire-element overlords of the totem countries were filled with heat. Even the totems and demigods leading the teams looked at this “Spirit Ascending Saber” with fanaticism.

Without a doubt, this was a Mythical resource that had a huge increase in effect even for demigods.

The value of this resource was even worth a totem changing its attributes and evolving towards the fire element for it!!

“I, Punkham, want this resource!!!” At this moment, the heir of the Dragon Empire, the Fire Dragon King, who thought that it was the strongest fire-element creature in this world competition, had greedy flames in its dragon eyes.

Hahahaha, the heavens were helping it.

He didn’t expect that the first Mythical Trial required fire-element creatures.

The strongest fire element?

Wasn’t this referring to it?

The totems of the Origin Land were wood and lightning dual-element. The son of the Tyrant Dragon King of the Dragonman Empire was a pure dragon-element. The dragon-element contained some wood and water properties, not fire dragons, but evolution towards the green dragon.

Neither of these two totems was qualified to compete. Ye Xing mainly cultivated the power of the stars, and his pet’s attributes were spread across various elements. Although there were fire-element pets that cultivated the power of the sun, they weren’t trump cards. They were definitely not its match. Xue Yuan’s Andre’s was an ice-element pet, Shen Feng’s Qiao Sen was a Mechanic, and Rongguang’s Amelia was also a light-element pet.

The trump cards of the other demigod factions didn’t major in fire either. The Dark Night Forest and the Demon Kingdom were dark-element, the Endless Sea Region was water-element, the Ghost Sea was undead-element, the Arctic Icefield was ice-element, the Void Court was spatial-element, and the Eternal Desert was earth-element. From the looks of it, no one could compete with it at all.

Hahahaha.

It had the strength of an invincible overlord. Coupled with the “Armored Transformation” talent of its contracted servant, it was definitely invincible among overlords and fire-element creatures.

Even if this Life Fire didn’t look like something that could increase its battle power in the short term, as long as it obtained this, this world competition wouldn’t be a loss. Even if it couldn’t win the final championship, it wouldn’t be a loss.

This could at least ensure that it stepped onto the path of a god after the Mythical Revival. This was clearly the inheritance of this Boar God!!

“Holy shit, fire-element.”

At the same time, the Flame Time King was as excited as the Flame Dragon King.

“Hehehehe.” Excited laughter also came from beside President Lin’s side. Shi Yu’s eyes burned with flames as he said, “Fire element is good, fire element is good. What a good start.”

“This, I can give it to Chi Tong too! Otherwise, it’ll say that I’m biased every day.”

He and Chi Tong cooperated. No matter what, they had to take this resource. Mine, mine, it was all mine.

—-