Chapter 918 - 918 Kill Until No One Dares To Fight (2)

918 Kill Until No One Dares to Fight (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“It’s alright.”

At the same time, on President Lin’s side, his heart tightened as he looked at Shi Yu, who flew to the Fire Arena without thinking.

Shi Yu… had gone to defend the arena!

As for Shi Yu’s fire-element pet, Chi Tong seemed to be the only one. Chi Tong was only at the monarch level!

Although after possessing Shi Yu, it might have battle power comparable to an invincible overlord, the burden would definitely be very high. It would probably be very difficult to resist an invincible overlord like the Fire Dragon King.

Moreover, the Fire Dragon King also had a Beast Tamer.

Was it really alright to be the first to defend the arena just like that?

From Shi Yu’s anxious appearance, it seemed like he was afraid that others would use some of his Life Fire.

[No problem.]

As Shi Yu flew, his heart was firm.

The Boar God had said it.

It was a fire-element battle with human Beast Tamers as the main body.

In other words, if a human Beast Tamer contracted seven fire-element creatures, seven could be used in battle.

Others might not know, but Shi Yu knew that Baby Ginseng had also obtained a weak fire attribute after evolution.

Although it was the last attribute, it indeed had a fire body. In other words, he could use Chi Tong and Baby Ginseng as two pets.

In such a situation, regardless of whether it was the Fire Dragon King or the Lava Beast, even if it was at the totem level, Chi Tong, Baby Ginseng, and his own combination might be able to fight.

Since the attributes matched him, he had to take this trial.

Living Fire…

The Law of Life…

Not bad.

When Chi Tong’s few undead skills were trained to the extreme, it might be able to touch the law of death. With another law of life, it would be the Great Dao of Life and Death.

In fact, Shi Yu felt that there was no need for the fake fire-element ginseng baby.

As long as the opponent wasn’t a totem, he and Chi Tong could kill indiscriminately!

…

After the Boar God said this, both the Fire Dragon King and the Lava Beast couldn’t sit still anymore.

They planned to be the first to go up and defend the arena.

However, the Fire Arena was the closest to Dong Huang after all. One person’s speed was faster than the others.

Everyone looked at the human figure flying under the Psychic wrap in shock.

He was wearing a dark red trench coat, and his clothes and short hair fluttered in the wind. That familiar face immediately reminded the people of the various factions of the figure who shamelessly announced the championship declaration in the preliminaries.

“I will become a new world legend!”

This kid wasn’t just saying.

In the Mythical Trial of battle power, he really dared to be the first to stand out, as if he could really defeat those invincible overlords.

“Shi Yu…”

“Shi Yu, he…”

At this moment, as Shi Yu flew to the arena and slowly landed in the fire arena, he raised his head and looked at the Boar God. Everyone was shocked.

Even the World Tree clone immediately looked at Shi Yu in silence.

This kid…

If it remembered correctly, Shi Yu’s bear and dragon were indeed very strong, but fire-element…

His fire-element pets seemed to only be at the monarch level?

How did he dare to accept this Mythical Trial?

The relationship between the totem countries and the seven countries had always been incompatible. In this competition, it was impossible to hold back.

If anything went wrong, he would die.

Although… Shi Yu might not be afraid of death.

“Shi Yu…” At this moment, as Shi Yu appeared, Senior Panda, White Brook, and the others’ expressions turned cold. No outsider knew that Baby Ginseng had evolved into a fire element. Therefore, in everyone’s impression, Shi Yu only had Chi Tong’s fire element.

The advantage of the Beast Tamers of the seven countries was to contract multiple pets. At this moment, Shi Yu clearly didn’t have this advantage. What could he use to compete with the Beast Tamers of the totem country who specialized in cultivating overlords one-on-one?

“It shouldn’t be… a problem, right?” Lu Qingyi took a deep breath. She felt that Shi Yu didn’t seem to be someone who would attack when he wasn’t confident.

In addition, even if the opponent was a totem country, they shouldn’t kill Shi Yu. After all, if Shi Yu died, no one would have an easy time.

“It’s that human archeologist.”

In the alternate space, the demigods’ gazes were deep, while the legendaries of the seven countries suddenly frowned. Even if it was the Divine Source Legendary, it was the same. He acknowledged the strength of the Chaotic Panda and the Green Dragon, but he really didn’t know much about Chi Tong.

General Mu Huiyin’s heroic spirit reincarnation… sounded very powerful.

But which demigod faction’s heir didn’t have titled battle power at this moment?

Was Shi Yu really that confident?

At that moment, Shi Yu stood on the arena, surprising the Boar God. It said, “I thought humans didn’t have transcendent abilities, but it turns out that they can use Psychic power. Forget it, then let me see your strength.”

Shi Yu smiled and said, “A hybrid human has some transcendent abilities, but I’m not a hybrid. I’m using Psychic power developed with special resources.”

With that said, he looked around.

To be honest, Shi Yu didn’t want to fight a tag battle.

Even if it was himself, Shi Yu didn’t want to consume some Life Fire first.

He wanted to take back the complete Life Fire and keep it for research.

Therefore, in order to avoid endless challenges, just as Shi Yu arrived, he said to everyone, “Sorry, I want this Life Fire.”

“I hope everyone can give me face.”

“Swords have no eyes. I can’t guarantee that the challenger, especially the challenger of the totem countries, can end the battle alive.”

Boom!!

With that said, a spiritual wave comparable to an overlord bloomed from Shi Yu’s body, making everyone’s hearts skip a beat.

They were shocked by Shi Yu’s words.

The fire-element overlords of the totem country instantly revealed anger.