Chapter 920 - 920 Kill Until No One Dares To Fight (4)

920 Kill Until No One Dares to Fight (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

In comparison, apart from Psychic power, that human who could use Psychic power had yet to show anything special. He wondered what his contracted creature looked like…

“Flame Dragon King… Punkham.”

When the Fire Dragon King ascended the arena and finished looking at Shi Yu, the expressions of the Beast Tamers from all over Dong Huang froze as they looked at the two parties facing each other solemnly.

The expressions of the Dragon Empire’s great enemy, Tingxiang, and Dragon Palace City, also suddenly darkened.

Enemies were bound to meet on a narrow road…

Boom!!!

Compared to the tiny Shi Yu, the aura of the Fire Dragon King was incomparably terrifying like an erupting volcano. This made the Lava Beast in the distance fall silent. To be honest, it wasn’t confident of defeating this guy.

The Fire Dragon King of the Dragon Empire was undoubtedly very powerful.

However, even in the face of such a powerful Fire Dragon King, Shi Yu stood in the sea of fire without moving at all. Under the gaze of thousands of gazes, he looked at the Fire Dragon King and said,

“I’ve already reminded you.”

“I believe you’ve already realized it before coming up.”

“Huh??” Flames shot out of the Fire Dragon King’s huge nostrils, and its fiery red dragon eyes looked at Shi Yu in disdain.

“Kid, are you serious??”

“Did you have some misunderstanding about your strength?”

“Idiot,” At this moment, on the Demon Kingdom’s side, the Fallen Angel Aldrich said in a low voice. As for Shi Yu… He felt that he had yet to reveal his strength. Back then, the dragon might displayed by Shi Yu when he looked at him was much more terrifying than the dragon might of the Fire Dragon King in Aldrich’s opinion.

He still didn’t know what was going on with that dragon might.

Although that didn’t look like a fire-element dragon might, there must be a reason why an expert like Shi Yu dared to stand out. If the Fire Dragon King was careless, it would definitely suffer greatly.

Back then, Shi Yu and Aldrich looked at each other and he used the Green Dragon Domain to connect to Buggy’s mind at the same time. It was indeed powerful. As for now, since the Boar God wanted a fire-element battle, it would be a fire-element battle…

“Unfortunately, I’m very clear about my strength.”

Shi Yu sensed the Flame Dragon King’s current state and said very calmly.

Weaker than Eleven, weaker than Buggy. Much weaker.

In that case…

“Chi Tong.”

Shi Yu said directly.

Right on the heels of that, a purple summoning array surrounded by orange flames appeared beside Shi Yu.

Shi Yu stretched out his hand and directly reached for the summoning array. Then, he slowly pulled it out in the air. A shocking heat wave spewed out, and a red divine sword was slowly pulled out of the Beast Taming Space and appeared in Shi Yu’s hand.

“Holy shit, he’s only a level-six Beast Tamer!!!”

Seeing the color of Shi Yu’s summoning array, many people were stunned.

Initially, be it the seven countries or the totem countries, they thought that Shi Yu was so brave because he had used the World Tree Branch Liquid to break through to the Legend level.

In the end, after seeing the color of Shi Yu’s summoning array, everyone realized that this kid was still a level-six Beast Tamer.

Not to mention the other factions, even Dong Huang was stunned.

That was because it wasn’t just Shi Yu’s level. The level of the pet Shi Yu summoned also made them rather speechless.

The sword spirit that was slowly pulled out by Shi Yu.

It was a fire-element and undead-element pet.

The overlords and totems present were very certain that they had sensed correctly.

From the energy fluctuations… monarch level.

The fire sword spirit in Shi Yu’s hand was only a monarch-level life fluctuation.

“If I remember correctly, Shi Yu only has one fire-element sword spirit. The other pets… aren’t fire-element.”

“In other words, this guy plans to rely on a monarch-level sword spirit to fight the invincible Dragon King with the support of a legend Beast Tamer?!! What a joke!!”

At this moment, the Beast Tamers of the seven countries who were familiar with Shi Yu’s information were stunned.

Even if Shi Yu’s main battle power was very strong because he had eaten the Undying Fruit, they really couldn’t imagine how a combination of a level-six Beast Tamer and a monarch-level fire-element pet could defeat a combination of a level-seven legend Beast Tamer and an invincible dragon-element overlord.

“Hm?”

The Boar God was similarly puzzled. It could also clearly sense that Shi Yu and the others were much weaker in terms of levels.

Want to fight above his level?

It wasn’t impossible for geniuses to beat normal powerful people.

However, the Fire Dragon King opposite was also a top-notch genius.

“Huh??”

At that moment, the Fire Dragon King wanted to laugh the most. It originally thought that Shi Yu had broken through to the legend level, but this guy was only a level-six Beast Tamer?!

“Divine Source, what is your kid trying to do?”

The legendaries of the other six countries panicked when they saw Shi Yu go up to fight the Fire Dragon King just like that.

Especially countries like Shen Feng. After all, Shi Yu had agreed to share the mechanical phantom beast system after the World Tournament ended.

If Shi Yu died in the world competition, would this promise still be effective?

“I’m not sure, but… believe him,” Divine Source said silently. Shi Yu’s main body was so strong. In theory, after the undead possessed him, he couldn’t be weak.

However, because he didn’t know Chi Tong’s strength and the opponent was too strong, Divine Source wasn’t very confident at this moment.

“Kid, I’ll let you see the difference clearly.”

“Roar—!!!”

Without hesitation, the Fire Dragon King directly attacked.

First was deterrence.

Punkham opened his mouth and suddenly let out a dragon roar that resounded throughout Inatella.

A huge dragon roar swept up the dragon might, almost making all lives below the totem level cover their ears, their hearts trembling.