Chapter 924 - 924 Kill Until No One Dares To Fight (8)

924 Kill Until No One Dares to Fight (8)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Just now, the super skills Chi Tong used were all racial skills. Their proficiency didn’t exceed perfect level, so even if many skills were combined, they weren’t Punkham’s match.

However, not only did they have racial skills, but they also had super taught skills that had reached perfect proficiency and were specially tailor-made for Chi Tong!!

Perfect level, Demon Blade Curse, Perfect level, Undead Revival!!

The former could store the curse of the creatures it killed in its body and liberate it when needed. It could enter a cursed state and exchange for stronger battle power with huge side effects.

The latter could transform the lives it killed into undead puppets. At the moment, Chi Tong’s undead space had three overlord-level puppets.

Just now, Shi Yu and Chi Tong had already completed an eruption that was close to their limit, but that was only the limit under normal circumstances, the limit Shi Yu could withstand.

Since there was a limit to what it could withstand, there was naturally a limit that it couldn’t withstand. It looked like it couldn’t withstand it, but in this extreme explosive state, all the burden could be handed to the undead puppet to withstand through the combination skill of scapegoat and undead revival.

In this state, Shi Yu was invincible. Even totems needed to be shocked by an attack that used an undead puppet as a sacrifice.

However, the problem was… that it would cause the undead puppet to collapse and completely die.

Therefore, Shi Yu basically didn’t want to. However, if he used this combination profundity, it wouldn’t be a problem to kill new and stronger lives and refine them into the next undead puppet.

“I hope no one will repeat your mistake next.” Shi Yu’s words were like an echo from the cold hell, echoing in the Fire Dragon King’s ears, making it want to sneer and reveal an extremely serious expression.

Then, its expression was filled with shock.

Before the Fire Dragon King could react to its sense of danger, a strong wave suddenly erupted from Shi Yu’s body. The red flames on its body all turned into extremely evil purple flames!!

A monstrous purple flame instantly dyed the sky and ground, shocking everyone.

Shi Yu… Could it be that he had other trump cards?!

“This is…” The World Tree clone, the Boar God, and even the demigod legendaries could sense the even more terrifying and evil power that Shi Yu erupted with.

This evil power even made the hearts of the overlords of the totem country who had killed countless people tremble.

At this moment, the cyclone around Shi Yu immediately surged. The soaring purple flames wrapped around his entire body, burning his red hair and red eyes into purple hair and purple eyes.

“Mi, Mi, Mi.” In Shi Yu’s hand, under Chi Tong’s sickly and greedy voice, the purple flames that looked like a domain seemed to have burned space. Undead overlord puppets were summoned by Chi Tong through the revival of the dead.

Under the entanglement of the purple evil flames, a Green Scaled Dragon Spirit, an Ice-Eyed Tiger Spirit, and a Mountain Tortoise Spirit appeared in the nether flames. Each of them also emitted a powerful overlord might. Accompanied by them appeared countless remnant souls. They were like malicious ghosts from hell as they floated in the purple flames and let out terrifying whispers, as if they were asking for Chi Tong and Shi Yu’s lives.

The incomparably huge curse power made Shi Yu’s current state look extremely evil. It was so evil that even the Fire Dragon King in the sky had a frightened expression.

How many ferocious beasts had this guy killed?

Shi Yu’s expression was indifferent. He wasn’t a good person. Chi Tong had relied on the soul of a ferocious beast to grow.

“This spirit body…!”

At this moment, as Shi Yu summoned the undead puppets, the contestants of the Heavenly Fox Nation, especially the Fox God leading the team, and the eldest daughter of the Moonlight Family who had contracted the Star Moon Fox, looked at the familiar undead puppet in shock. They kept feeling that… it was familiar. No, it was even the same!

There was something wrong with this Shi Yu! Dong Huang had something wrong!

“It’s actually two skills that can contain the law of death when trained to the extreme.” At the same time, the Boar God quickly discovered that Shi Yu’s fire sword spirit was simply ridiculous. Not only did it master the Sun Fire of extreme Yang, but it also mastered moves like Undead Revival and Demon Blade Curse that could reach the extreme of death.

All gazes landed on Shi Yu. Among them, the Black Dragon Ruler’s pupils constricted. It suddenly realized something. Just as it was hesitating if it should attack, it was already too late.

Boom!!!

Sun Flame that was pure Yang appeared on Shi Yu’s body again. The evil power of the Demon Blade Curse and Undead Revival condensed on the sword body at the same time as the pure power of the Sun Flame.

“Roar!!!!!”

At this moment, the summoned Green Scaled Dragon Spirit, Mountain Tortoise Spirit, and Ice-Eyed Tiger Spirit behind Shi Yu were instantly burned clean in the purple flames, becoming scapegoats for this attack.

“Profundity…” As Shi Yu muttered softly, the huge death aura that shot into the sky intertwined with the Sun Flame, forming a sword pressure that was like purgatory. It swept with world-shaking might and swallowed the Fire Dragon King.

Boom!

This attack pierced through the sky.

“Mere human…”

At this moment, the Fire Dragon King was still arrogant, but in the next second, its pupils instantly constricted. It sensed a fatal crisis and its entire body trembled to the extreme.

As the sword pressure approached, it exclaimed in its heart that it was impossible. It sensed the power of this attack and its entire body continued to tremble.

It was very difficult to move. The terrifying deterrence swept by this attack had already completely locked it!!