Chapter 925 - 925 Kill Until No One Dares To Fight (9)

925 Kill Until No One Dares to Fight (9)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

It felt like an isolated and helpless only son on a surfing board, facing a tsunami-like attack!!

“Roar!!!” Under the monstrous sword pressure, the Fire Dragon King, Punkham, let out a frightened roar. After sensing the fatal crisis, its overlord will was instantly activated, activating its incomparable potential. The huge black Dragon God phantom condensed on Punkham’s huge claws, instantly shattering the restraints of deterrence. At the same time, it smashed towards the sword pressure domain that had already been forced in front of it in anger!!

Boom!!!

In an instant, the profundities slashed out by Shi Yu and Chi Tong squeezed together with the Dragon God Claw again. The shocking collision sound shattered space and was transmitted to the ears of every alternate space’s demigod. Then, in an instant, under the unacceptable gaze of the Fire Dragon King, its body instantly relived Shi Yu’s previous situation in everyone’s incredulous gazes… It was completely swallowed!

Boom!!!

Right on the heels of that, the sword pressure continued to push forward until the sky split into two!!

The red sky that appeared when the Boar God descended just now instantly shattered, directly turning into a purple phenomenon with orange-red flames.

Compared to the Nether Ghost Flame, the power brought by the Demon Blade Curse could clearly produce an even more terrifying eruption with the Sun Flame.

“Lord Fire Dragon King!!!” At this moment, it was the members of the Dragon Empire’s turn to look at the sky in shock, including the overlords like the Thunder Dragon General who had participated in the preliminaries. They looked at the sky in disbelief and couldn’t accept it.

With them were the overlords and Beast Tamers of many other totem countries.

At this moment, almost all the contestants and spectators on the island looked at the changing weather in shock.

The dust dissipated.

In the gray clouds, the figure of the Fire Dragon King could be seen. At this moment, no matter which faction it was, their gazes were extremely stunned. This was because the Fire Dragon King in the sky, not to mention the armor formed by the Beast Tamer, even its dragon scales and body had completely disappeared.

Under this attack, only half of the broken dragon bones were left. They were still being ravaged by the terrifying energy tide.

At this moment, the Dark Elven King of the Dark Night Forest, the fallen angel of the Demon Nation, the divine tree of the origin land, the Green Dragon Prince of the Dragonman Empire, and the other contestants looked at the sky in shock.

Flame Dragon King… That insufferably arrogant Flame Dragon King of the Dragon Empire… Died, died?

Not even a complete body was left behind?!!

“President Lin!!” Dong Huang, Ye Xing, Divine Bell, Zheng Hai, Jiang Tianyang, Zhou Ming, and the others looked at the sky in shock. They looked at the purple-haired Shi Yu and turned to look at President Lin.

What happened?

Shi Yu, Shi Yu…

Using a monarch-level solo pet to kill the heir of a demigod faction, an invincible overlord?!!

With his strength, did he still need protection??

At this moment, President Lin also looked at this scene in shock. If Shi Yu fought the Flame Dragon King with the Chaos Panda and even the Green Dragon, he wouldn’t be shocked. However, President Lin never expected that Shi Yu could display such a terrifying battle power with Mu Huiyin’s heroic spirit alone.

Tyrannical Sea Legend and the gem cat were shocked. Holy shit, why was Shi Yu’s strength so exaggerated!!

Wasn’t his trump card that panda?!

At that moment, even the demigods and legendaries watching the battle in the alternate space revealed shocked expressions as they watched everything.

Among them, the space where the Black Dragon Ruler of the Dragon Empire was instantly shattered. The soaring anger made its pupils instantly turn red.

“Dragon Palace City’s Dragon God, what are you intending to do?” Its furious roar resounded through Inatella. Its terrifying anger instantly made the entire island tremble.

At this moment, many demigods knew that the trump card contestant of the Dragon Empire had been killed. This Black Dragon Ruler was probably already furious to the extreme.

“You forgot the rules.” After the Dragon God intercepted the Black Dragon Ruler who wanted to save the Fire Dragon King, she knew that there was no need for her to attack at all. In an instant, the World Tree clone and the Boar God looked at the furious Black Dragon Ruler.

Even the world competition between the seven countries allowed life and death, let alone between the seven countries and the totem countries. Although there were external enemies, the grudges of the various parties couldn’t be resolved in a short period of time.

It was impossible to hold back in such a battle.

“Roar!!!”

As many demigod-level and legendary-level gazes landed on him, the Black Dragon Ruler of the Dragon Empire suppressed its anger to the extreme.

However, at this moment, no one had the time to care about the Black Dragon Ruler’s mood.

On the arena, an even more shocking scene occurred. In midair, a huge dragon spirit began to materialize out of thin air. It had fire-like armor, impressive and domineering flaming wings, a thick dragon tail, and shocking dragon eyes. If it wasn’t the Flame Dragon King that Shi Yu and Chi Tong had just killed with a sword, who was it?

However, its current form was very strange. It no longer looked like a normal life form, but… like an undead!

Although the power was still terrifying.

“Roar!!!” After the huge Fire Dragon King spirit was killed by Chi Tong and materialized through Undead Revival, it slowly landed on the ground and submitted to Shi Yu and Chi Tong.

Bang, bang, bang…

The purple-haired Shi Yu ascended the huge undead dragon body step by step and stood on it. He looked at the overlords of the totem countries with shocked and afraid gazes.

“I’ve said it before.”

“I want this Living Fire.”

“Swords have no eyes. I can’t guarantee that the challenger can end the battle alive.”

“Next, no one should want to fight with me, right?”

As soon as he finished speaking, Shi Yu returned to his black hair and eyes like a supreme demon king. The sword spirit in his hand turned into a little red sparrow and flew in the sky. He observed the new puppet in satisfaction.

Then, it landed on Shi Yu’s shoulder and stared at the various overlords with it.

The deterrence brought by the man and spirit to countless totem countries was incomparably powerful.

If anyone else came, Shi Yu and Chi Tong didn’t mind changing more undead puppets until no one dared to fight.

At this moment, be it the seven countries or the totem country, the contestants looked at this “level-six” Beast Tamer in confusion.

The Fire Dragon King… had actually revived!

Moreover, it had become the other party’s puppet!!!

Was this really a human Beast Tamer from the seven countries?

What a terrifying unorthodox method.

Their perception of strength was almost shattered. Was this world… broken?

This was a f*cking level-six Beast Tamer? He even threatened the entire totem countries?!

So it wasn’t Ye Xing. Shi Yu, who had eaten the Undying Fruit and strengthened his soul power and used the Undead Possession to display the strongest soul power, was Dong Huang’s strongest trump card?!