Chapter 922 - 922 Kill Until No One Dares To Fight (6)

922 Kill Until No One Dares to Fight (6)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Swoosh!

Shi Yu’s sword landed.

Countless people looking at the sky felt that the light in front of them was snatched away in the blink of an eye, and the world seemed to have fallen into darkness.

At this moment, the Fire Dragon King was feeling it the most until a light appeared in front of him.

A sun fireball seemed to appear in front of him. It was a sword light. A Sun Flame sword light that seemed to have broken through the darkness streaked across, turning into a terrifying fire sword aura that attacked the soul!!

“Little brat, don’t underestimate people too much!!!”

Boom!!

In the sky, the battle armor on the Fire Dragon King’s body emitted light. It released a terrifying killing intent, and its entire body was wrapped in the light of the Dragon Flame. With the huge sword light that enveloped half the venue, it flew towards Shi Yu!!

Endless sword light landed on the Fire Dragon King’s body. What shocked many people was that Shi Yu’s powerful attack actually didn’t leave any traces of injuries on the Fire Dragon King’s armor body. Instead, it was instantly absorbed. Even Shi Yu frowned slightly at this scene.

“As expected, it’s not enough.”

Seeing that Shi Yu’s attack was ineffective against the armored Flame Dragon King, many people’s hearts skipped a beat.

If it couldn’t break through its defense… How could they fight!

“Roar!!!” After resisting Shi Yu’s attack, the Fire Dragon King flew over and raised its huge dragon claw in the air. A black Dragon God phantom condensed on its claw, and together with the explosive flames, it swept up an incomparable destructive concept.

Dragon God Claw!!!

Boom.

Space kept distorting.

“This super skill is an inheritance skill of the Dragon Empire. It’s infinitely powerful. When trained to the extreme, it points to the law of destruction!”

At this moment, seeing the Fire Dragon King use this move, the expressions of many factions changed.

This move was also the signature skill of the Black Dragon Ruler of the Dragon Empire, but the Black Dragon Ruler had already trained to the level of a quasi-divine skill.

With a claw, a country could be destroyed.

Although the Fire Dragon King’s Dragon God Claw had yet to reach that level, from its power, it was clearly a super skill cultivated by the Fire Dragon King.

“As expected, it’s still too difficult.” On Dong Huang’s side, Divine Source and President Lin’s hearts tightened.

Lu Qingyi, Senior Panda, the beast-eared girl, and the others also felt worried for Shi Yu.

The Dragon God Claw attacked.

On the other side, Shi Yu took a deep breath. On the sword in his hand, hot orange-red sun flames and blue-purple ghost flames condensed. The terrifying Interlocking Sword turned into a sword pressure and was released to resist the Dragon God Claw with a boom!!

“Yin Yang Interlocking Sword.”

At this moment, Shi Yu raised his arm. The Yin Yang Interlocking Sword condensed in his hand and quickly landed.

With a loud bang, at this moment, blue-purple Nether Ghost Flame lingered on Shi Yu’s body, and orange-red sun flames flowed. Under the interweaving of the two intertwining powers, Shi Yu’s aura increased further!

Boom!!!

In an instant, the Yin Yang Interlocking Sword Pressure Domain that bloomed in front of Shi Yu collided with the Dragon God Claw that the Fire Dragon King waved.

Boom!!!

The two forces squeezed together, and a world-shaking aura penetrated the sky and ground. During this process, countless fire sword shadows overlapped on Chi Tong’s body. Shi Yu and the others’ strength was still rising steadily.

Profundity, Myriad Sword Convergence.

Boom!!!

Initially, everyone thought that Shi Yu would definitely be instantly defeated under this attack. However, Shi Yu’s resistance method exceeded everyone’s imagination. A huge power erupted from the sword in Shi Yu’s hand, and the terrifying Yin Yang Interlocking Sword pressure instantly formed a confrontation with the Dragon God Claw.

“Roar!!!”

The huge Fire Dragon King waved its huge claws, and the tiny Shi Yu resisted with the sword pressure. The style of the two parties distorted at this moment. The Fire Dragon King, Punkham, had an extremely serious expression. He didn’t understand why a mere level-six Beast Tamer, together with a monarch-level pet, could take his Dragon God Claw head-on.

At this moment, Shi Yu was also extremely silent. His clothes and hair were blown by the strong wind, and his body, mind, and soul were already under pressure. He understood that under normal circumstances, it would probably be very difficult for him to be a match for this Fire Dragon King with Chi Tong.

The Interlocking Sword+Sun Flame+Nether Ghost Flame+Myriad Sword Convergence+Possession Beast actually couldn’t even break through its defense.

The invincible overlord of a demigod faction was indeed extraordinary.

“Speaking of which, is this really a battle between overlords…” The overlords of the various factions looked at the collision of the two parties in shock. They were very certain that if this wasn’t the sturdy Inatella, the surrounding venue and space would definitely have shattered.

In the alternate space, the Black Dragon Ruler of the Dragon Empire looked at the two parties who collided indifferently. The Dragon God of Dragon Palace City also watched everything calmly.

The Dragon Empire and Dong Huang’s bloodline were also in a feud. It was very likely that this battle would end with one side dying. Not only did the two factions understand, but the personnel of the other countries also knew very well.

At this moment, the World Tournament had already begun.

Be it the Fire Dragon King or the Dark Elven King, these popular contestants who could win the World Tournament might die early in the Mythical Trial.

Eliminated.

“Roar!!! (Die!!!)” In midair, a violent expression flashed in the Fire Dragon King’s eyes. At this moment, what shocked many people was that the battle armor wrapped around the Fire Dragon King’s body directly turned into flowing light and gathered on the Fire Dragon King’s sharp claws.

It formed a huge claw armor. At this moment, the power of the Fire Dragon King seemed to have increased several times. With a boom, the Yin Yang Interlocking Sword pressure controlled by Shi Yu shattered with a crack. An incomparably terrifying shock wave instantly swallowed Shi Yu opposite without a trace, turning into a shocking wave that crushed the ground!!