Chapter 923 - 923 Killing Until No One Dare To Fight (7)

923 Killing Until No One Dare to Fight (7)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Boom!!!

Light flashed.

The huge Dragon God Claw wave landed on the ground. Three huge pits that were more than ten meters deep immediately appeared in the fire venue divided by the Boar God. The rift valley was filled with shocking dragon flames, and Shi Yu’s figure seemed to have been thrown into the abyss.

“Shi Yu…” Seeing this, Gao Xuan, Zou Yun, Ji Feng, and the others were suddenly shocked. They looked at the energy aftermath that had yet to disappear and searched for Shi Yu.

It was over!

That abnormal Shi Yu had also failed?

“Holy shit, is that alright?” The overlords like the Prediction Owl of Imperial Capital University also said in shock.

As the cat bit the fruit, it said solemnly, “It should be fine. That kid’s other pets are very strong. They won’t be killed. At most, they’ll be eliminated because they sent more pets to violate the rules.”

The Flame Dragon King’s claw directly sent Shi Yu flying, directly letting everyone understand that level differences were indeed not that easy to cross. No matter how rich Shi Yu’s foundation was, it was still a pipe dream for him to defeat an invincible overlord like the Flame Dragon King above his level.

However, at the moment, everyone wanted to know more if Shi Yu, who had been sent flying by the Flame Dragon King, was alive or dead.

If he was dead, it should have become a totem, right?

If he was alive, where was it?

“He’s fine. He suddenly became stronger and offset that attack.” At this moment, the World Tree clone, the Boar God, looked at the shattered arena in surprise.

In the underground cave that was like a flaming abyss, Shi Yu slowly flew up with a dry cough.

At this moment, his clothes were already broken, but his state looked relatively intact. Even his expression didn’t show much abnormality.

“Hu…” At this moment, Shi Yu’s arms had almost turned into huge phoenix wings. The Flame of Regeneration repaired his injuries. After slowly flying up, he landed on a rock pillar and looked up at the Fire Dragon King.

His expression was unfriendly.

“Huh???” At this moment, the Flame Dragon King’s expression changed, and its gaze was shocked. It didn’t expect this kid to still be alive.

How was this possible?

Its attack should have heavily injured even a dragon that was also an invincible overlord.

Why didn’t this human look injured at all? Even if he had a recovery skill, it couldn’t be so thorough!!

“Shi Yu is fine!!”

“Look, he flew out again.”

“It’s better not to fight.” On Imperial Capital University’s side, Yin Zhengfan had a worried expression. Although Shi Yu had done many unscientific and extremely ridiculous things in his eyes, his opponent was the heir of a demigod faction. Such a faction had once caused ancient Dong Huang to fall into a state of collapse.

Unlike his previous opponents, it was basically impossible to create another miracle.

Initially, Yin Zhengfan, a little kid who had fought Shi Yu a few times, had already admitted that he was inferior to Shi Yu and hoped that Shi Yu could create more miracles. But now, he was only worried about Shi Yu’s safety and hoped that Shi Yu wouldn’t force things.

“There’s no problem, right? This is the first time I’ve seen Brother Shi Yu so tired.” Seeing that Shi Yu was fine, Zheng Hai and the others heaved a sigh of relief. They were first shocked by Shi Yu’s shocking possession strength, but then they were shocked by the exaggerated power of the Fire Dragon King.

Zheng Hai had seen his master’s strength. Although the strength of the Flame Dragon King was inferior to his master’s Tyrannical Sea Legend’s full strength, it had completely exceeded the standard of the legend level. Coupled with the Beast Tamer, it could already be called “Titled Legend level”.

“This human can’t be left alive.”

“Flame Dragon King Punkham, kill him.”

Voices also kept coming from the totem country.

At this moment, although they knew that Blue Planet had external enemies, after witnessing Shi Yu’s shocking potential, the various totem countries instantly felt Shi Yu’s threat.

This guy, in a level-six state with a monarch-level undead, had power comparable to an invincible overlord. If he used the World Tree Branch Liquid to break through to the legend level and his pet also reached the overlord level, how terrifying would that be?

Could it threaten a real totem level?

At that moment, no matter which totem faction participated in the world competition, they hoped that the Flame Dragon King, Punkham, could end Shi Yu in this battle, even if it meant turning him into a totem undead and eliminating him.

They couldn’t let this kid continue participating. They couldn’t let him break through to level seven. They had to kill him at level six.

“Roar!!!” At this moment, seeing that the level-six Shi Yu had successfully withstood its attack, the Flame Dragon King, Punkham, also felt a huge threat from Shi Yu. He knew that he couldn’t let this kid continue participating.

Otherwise, after he broke through, he would definitely become its third fatal threat apart from the Thunder Crown Rubber Divine Tree and the Green Dragon Prince.

“It’s my turn, right?” Just as the Flame Dragon King, Punkham, was thinking about how to end Shi Yu’s life, Shi Yu raised his head slightly. The arms that had turned into phoenix wings recovered, and a fire sword spirit appeared in his hand again.

“Initially, I didn’t want to use this state, but from the looks of it, if I don’t use it, it’ll be very difficult to defeat you.”

“The price needed in this state will be paid with your life.”

Shi Yu looked up. His red eyes had already been smeared with an evil purple color.

If he wanted to defeat Punkham, Shi Yu had three methods. Firstly, he would activate the Taiji Domain to assist Chi Tong. Secondly, he would send Baby Ginseng to fight together. Thirdly… he would still fight with Chi Tong, but he needed to erupt with all their battle power!!