Chapter 921 - 921 Killing Until No One Dares To Fight (5)

921 Killing Until No One Dares to Fight (5)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

This was still the result of the totems helping their audiences behind them resist the power.

The fiery red dragon roar was mainly focused on the fire arena. The main target was Shi Yu. At this moment, Shi Yu should be under the most terrifying pressure…

“Voice and deterrence… are intertwined.”

“Dragon might is powerful to begin with, not to mention that the Fire Dragon King has trained deterrence to perfection. Coupled with its voice-type unique skill…”

“Even ordinary overlords will probably instantly submit to its domineering aura…”

A Beast Tamer from the totem country covered his ears and said those words. The overlord beside them couldn’t deny it either. They were very serious.

“A deterrence competition?”

“Mi! (Kill it.)” Chi Tong’s sword cry echoed. This deterrence was far inferior to Buggy’s dragon might!

“Alright, kill it.”

At this moment, Shi Yu, who was holding Chi Tong, the surrounding blue Psychic waves were instantly dyed orange-red. His body began to become blurry and hot, and red fire threads erupted and lingered around him.

His blue eyes instantly turned into red, and his gaze seemed to contain flames. Apart from that, his hair color instantly changed from black to red.

“High-level undead skill, Possession!”

“This undead even knows this move.”

Suddenly, the Beast Tamers and overlords of the various countries recognized this skill and widened their eyes.

They suddenly remembered that talent skills such as fusion, possession, and loading could be used by Beast Tamers and pets together.

The enhancement of the battle power of both parties depended on the strength of the Beast Tamer and the pet.

Shi Yu’s strength was already very terrifying. How strong would he become after being possessed by an undead pet?

For a moment, the various factions couldn’t imagine it.

“That Sword Spirit Possession is very strong!!” In Ming Hua, Amy Rui, who had once controlled the Golden Phoenix Dragon Sparrow to lose to Shi Yu, and the Ming Hua Beast Tamer who had watched this battle said extremely seriously.

Unfortunately… The undead that possessed Shi Yu was still at the monarch level.

If an overlord-level undead possessed Shi Yu, it might really be able to fight the Fire Dragon King.

At this moment, Shi Yu was continuing to transform.

With a boom, countless fire threads approached. A fierce spiritual aura that was like the flames of the sun turned into flames that wrapped around Shi Yu’s entire body. At this moment, Shi Yu’s entire body was thinner but more powerful!

At this moment, Shi Yu’s aura had completely changed. He no longer looked like a human. The emotions in his eyes had faded a lot, and a shocking deterrence erupted from his body.

Shi Yu’s quasi totem soul, together with the full-level possession of the undead Chi Tong, instantly made their common battle power level reach the invincible overlord level.

Boom!!!

At that moment, the deterrence of the Fire Dragon King, together with the sound wave, materialized into a fire dragon and came over violently. At this moment, Shi Yu, who had instantly completed possession, was not to be outdone.

Boom!!!

Accompanied by a high cry, the aura on the red-haired Sword God Shi Yu shot into the sky. Flames erupted, and a shocking phoenix might swept up from the flames. Orange flames that shot into the sky completely filled the sky.

The dazzling flames turned into a phoenix. The phantom of a huge fiery red bird soared in the flames in midair. The crown-like feather crown on its head displayed the might of the king of birds.

Dao Proficiency, Phoenix Might!

Bang!!!

Two substantial deterrence forces instantly fought.

Crack.

This collision immediately made the expression of the Fire Dragon King change.

Just now, the Fire Dragon King could be said to disdain Shi Yu, but at this moment, as Chi Tong’s full-level possession fused their soul power into one, it displayed the greatest possession effect and erupted with a higher proficiency deterrence. Moreover, it was the phoenix might that was not inferior to the dragon might. In an instant, the Fire Dragon King’s expression was stunned.

“Roar!!!”

“Jiu!!!”

The dragon roar and phoenix cry still echoed in Inatella. The huge deterrence collision almost made the overlords present unable to breathe. About a few seconds later, with a crack, it was as if space had shattered. The deterrence of both parties scattered.

The Fire Dragon King flew up, and its unstoppable dragon might was resisted. Its red eyes instantly looked at Shi Yu crazily.

“He… actually blocked it?!!”

At the same time, when they discovered that Shi Yu had easily resisted the Fire Dragon King’s dragon might, many spectators widened their eyes in disbelief. After all, there was an entire level of difference between the two parties!!

At that moment, all the Beast Tamers of the seven countries suddenly looked at the red-haired and red-eyed Flame Sword God. Looking at his calm face, they suddenly felt a chill. The trump cards of the seven countries, including Ye Xing, revealed incredulous expressions.

No way, this kid didn’t really have the strength to fight the Fire Dragon King, right?

“President Lin.” At this moment, President Lin had already returned to the side of the contestants of Dong Huang. When Divine Bell saw him, she immediately asked, “Do you know that Shi Yu was going to fight?”

President Lin looked into the distance in silence and said, “I know. Let him give it a try.”

“I see. One is a human fusion pet, and the other is a pet fusion human?” At the same time, the Boar God discovered that Shi Yu could really be evenly matched with the Fire Dragon King and couldn’t help but be shocked.

At their level, this increase… was indeed extraordinary. It could even be said to be terrifying.

“Wu…” Beside him, the World Tree clone was also very shocked. It didn’t expect that the hybrid sword spirit could erupt with such power after possessing Shi Yu.

Boom!!!

The battle continued. Shi Yu’s figure had already flashed from the ground and arrived in the air. He floated in the air and looked at the Fire Dragon King in front of him. He directly slashed out with his sword.