Chapter 938 - 938 Indeed Not A Good Person (3)

938 Indeed Not a Good Person (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

What did this big guy say?

If it had the ability, why not spar with Big Brother Eleven and Big Brother Buggy?

“The pet you’re talking about is this?” Xuan Ming looked at the blue Duckbill Beast and said.

It couldn’t tell at all how this guy was strong! It was the weakest creature on Inatella Island!

“Is that… the Duckbill Beast?”

The contestants and audience of the various countries were also shocked by the so-called second team pet summoned by Shi Yu.

They had thought of many situations, but they never expected that Shi Yu’s second team was actually a transcendent Duckbill Beast.

Moreover, its growth level was indeed low, only commander rank.

Duckie: (๑_๑)?

Why did it feel countless disdainful gazes?

Damn it, the Tyrant Dragon was clearly the trashiest!

“What’s the background of this duck!” Yu Shu and the others shouted.

Only the gem cat, President Lin, and the few experts narrowed their eyes.

“Duck, let them see your strength and enter a full-strength state,” Shi Yu said to Duck.

Duckie: Can I, can I?

Duckie was stunned. It suddenly discovered Sister Susu in the distance and immediately expressed its understanding!!

In its full state, it was very difficult to control it, even if one mastered max-level cleansing.

But if Sister Susu was beside him, there would be no problem.

Full-strength state? Its strength?

Shi Yu’s words were obscure and difficult to understand, but it undoubtedly made many people widen their eyes. What was so extraordinary about this Duckbill Beast?

Duckie didn’t waste any time. It directly took a deep breath and took out a “Reincarnation Bean” from a worm silk spatial ring tied to its ankle.

This was a modified version of the Reincarnation Fruit created by Baby Ginseng.

Although it was small, it didn’t mean that the medicine was bad.

It was condensed into essence.

At this moment, as the Duckbill Beast took out the black Abyss Reincarnation Bean from its spatial equipment, Xuan Ming was immediately slightly stunned.

He directly sensed the power of time and the abyss from this black bean.

What was going on…

“Quack! (If a bean is swallowed, my life is up to me!)” The duck raised the Reincarnation Bean high, raised its head, and directly swallowed the Reincarnation Bean.

The scene seemed to have stopped.

One second, two seconds…

Boom!!!

A shocking abyssal power erupted from this Duckbill Beast.

Boom boom boom!!!

A black light instantly enveloped the duck. The black flames that shot into the sky directly made the water under its feet tremble. The place it stepped on was actually instantly dyed black at this moment.

“This is…”

The expressions of the people who had sensed the power fluctuations of the Abyss Evil Spirit changed, revealing incomprehensible expressions.

Abyssal power?

Moreover… from the fluctuations, it was very strong!

Although the quality couldn’t compare to that Abyss Evil Spirit, it was still unimaginably strong. Its energy level had definitely reached the overlord level.

“Quack!!!”

In the black flames, Duckie’s voice echoed.

In the next moment, its body suddenly increased to ten meters tall!

Its muscles were extremely strong!

Its blue skin began to be covered in black, leaving only a portion of dark blue patterns.

At its neck, the black water froze like a ribbon, becoming a scarf-like part that floated behind it.

In just a short moment, its image changed completely.

The terrifying aura emitted directly made countless monarchs and overlords reveal shocked expressions.

< Name > Duck

[Race]: Abyss Demon Duck (Temporary)

[Attributes]: Water, Dark

[Level of Growth]: Overlord

Because it had the will of an overlord, even if the duck’s race level was transcendent, its potential level was still that of an overlord. With the help of the Time Fruit, it could be raised to the overlord level. However, what the duck swallowed was not as simple as the Time Fruit. It was an abyssal Reincarnation Fruit specially modified by Baby Ginseng with the power of the abyss and its physique.

It could stimulate the potential of the duck to the greatest extent and let it recover the power of its previous life.

In Duckie’s previous life, it was the Abyss Demon Duck. It could be said to be the only super genius in the future who came into contact with and controlled the power of the abyss. Just like Xuan Ming, it perfectly controlled the power of the abyss.

Although Xuan Ming might be controlling a higher-level divine-level abyss power, and Duckie was only controlling the remnant inheritance power of the abyss, it was undeniable that Duckie had shocking talent in this field and was a perfect match for Susu.

Its power was much purer than the abyss traces of the Dark Elven Prince that relied on its bloodline to continue.

“Roar…”

The duck’s deep red eyes opened. At this moment, the weaker person looking at it felt as if his spirit had fallen into an abyss. In an instant, cold sweat flowed out of his entire body. He was so frightened that he took a step back and sensed an extremely terrifying evil aura.

“This…” Xuan Ming also looked at this monster duck that also mastered the power of the abyss in shock.

“This guy is…”

At this moment, not only the totem factions of the ocean, but even the totem factions on land looked at the Abyss Demon Duck and suddenly remembered something.

All of them revealed shocked expressions.

Could it be…

“It’s the reincarnation of an abyss half-god of a certain generation in the Abyss Sea inheritance, the Abyss Demon Duck.”

“However, unlike the past Abyss demigods, the Abyss Demon Duck is a relatively special existence. It took the initiative to come into contact with the power of the abyss and perfectly mastered it without being affected at all. It can be said to be a super genius and monster.”

Shi Yu looked at Xuan Ming and said, “It can definitely control the Abyss Seed.”

Xuan Ming said in a trembling voice, “Little brat, are you a monster? You actually plan to contract the Blue Sea Sprite and the Abyss Demon Duck at the same time??”