Chapter 934 - 934 Some Research (5)

934 Some Research (5)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

This guy couldn’t be easily defeated with that sword spirit’s possession.

They could all sense that this Abyssal Evil Spirit was almost an immortal existence. The power of pollution was similar to laws and was very difficult to destroy. It was almost impossible to completely obliterate and cleanse, even if it relied on totem-level power.

Therefore, the only outcome waiting for the challenger might be corrosion.

“Open your eyes wide.” Divine Source Legendary didn’t want to say anymore. The reason why he didn’t remind Shi Yu was because Shi Yu had contracted the Blue Sea Sprite and was prepared to let Shi Yu believe his judgment.

And now… Shi Yu stood out.

Then, did Shi Yu think that he could pass this trial?

Apart from that, Divine Source knew that even if the Blue Sea Sprite couldn’t do it, Shi Yu still had a Chaos Panda that had mastered the destructive law! With Shi Yu’s support, it should be able to obliterate everything, right? Even the power of the abyss! In short, Shi Yu should be fine!

…

“If I destroy it, does that mean that this trial will end?”

As Shi Yu finished speaking, Xuan Ming looked at him and said, “That’s right.”

“In addition, man of the future, your courage is commendable. Before the battle, tell me your name.”

“Alright.”

Shi Yu said.

Right on the heels of that, a purple summoning array surrounded by blue water appeared below Shi Yu on the black water.

Yesterday, Shi Yu was still at level six. Today, Shi Yu was still at level six and had yet to break through. Everyone was no longer that shocked.

This time, they were shocked from a different angle.

In this trial, Xuan Ming clearly didn’t restrict the attributes and number of summons. In other words, Shi Yu could clearly send all his pets, but he only sent one?

Moreover, this one didn’t look like Shi Yu’s strongest trump card yesterday, the sword spirit named Chi Tong?

“That’s…”

“Ning!” Under everyone’s flabbergasted gazes, a blue water slime that was not even the size of the Abyss Evil Spirit’s scales appeared on the black sea.

From the aura of life…

Monarch-level Water Slime…

“What the hell is this?”

“What does he want?”

At this moment, the contestants of the Infinite Sea and the Ghost Sea exclaimed.

What Shi Yu said about researching the Abyss Sea… In the end, he sent a Water Slime??

“Wait a minute, it shouldn’t be that simple.”

Soon, someone realized that the Water Slime was an elemental life form. The greatest characteristic of elemental life forms was that they could mimic and change forms after mastering elementalization.

It might not be as simple as an ordinary Water Slime.

Next, Shi Yu and the others indeed proved this.

In the face of Xuan Ming’s question, Shi Yu introduced it like he was facing the Boar God.

“Dong Huang, Beast Tamer of the Ocean Environmental Protection Department of Dragon Palace City, Shi Yu.”

“Pet, Blue Sea Sprite.”

As Shi Yu finished speaking, apart from the members of Dragon Palace City who were extremely excited, the others were temporarily at a loss.

However, as the blue Water Slime floating above the black sea frowned slightly and revealed an expression of disdain and disgust, and a huge wave suddenly erupted from its body, the expressions of all the confused people changed.

Including those demigods.

The contestants of the Infinite Sea and the Ghost Sea opened their mouths wide. What did Shi Yu just say?

They looked at the sea.

A strong blue light enveloped the Water Slime!!

The cleansing light spread, and countless people’s eyes widened. In a short moment, as Susu returned to its original form, a shocking aura wave swept out, and Susu’s new figure gradually appeared from the light!!

“The abyss shouldn’t exist.” Under the cleansing light, Susu’s mental fluctuations came.

The form of the Water Slime had already outlined its mermaid-like body under the swirling water.

She had beautiful blue long hair, bright blue eyes, beautiful appearance, and a plump upper body. Her lower body was a blue fishtail that kept flowing like a wave.

Its entire body was made of water, and its aura was incomparably noble. It had an otherworldly aura. As it changed its form and held the signature weapon of the Blue Sea Sprite, the Blue Sea Sword, which symbolized the ocean and purification, everyone felt an unreachable power again.

Holy, pure, clear… Apart from that, the ocean lives even felt the vibration of the power of all the surrounding oceans.

It was as if the master of the sea had returned.

This was…

As Susu changed, all the spectators revealed incredulous expressions.

In the ocean totem factions, those factions that had once obtained the favor of the Blue Sea Sprite and even become believers of the Blue Sea Sprite looked at the creature summoned by Shi Yu in disbelief.

After being stunned, the World Tree clone widened its eyes… It knew it… It knew Shi Yu’s Water Slime’s fluctuations were so familiar!

As for Xuan Ming, as Susu returned to its original form, it also revealed an incredulous expression. It actually sensed the prototype of a supreme law divine skill from it. Through Susu’s body, it seemed to see the entire sea behind this water-element creature.

“Who are you?” Xuan Ming couldn’t help but ask.

As the cleansing wave calmed down, the full appearance of the Blue Sea Sprite appeared, as well as the pet name that Shi Yu had described clearly. Those from the various factions who knew what this name represented were extremely shocked.

As for those who didn’t know what the Blue Sea Sprite represented, when they saw the moved gazes of their elders, they were also shocked and didn’t understand what had happened.