Chapter 932 - 932 Some Research (3)

932 Some Research (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Splash.

It appeared from the Abyss Sea, dragging its bloated and fat body phantom… Its huge green body staggered out of the dark sea and walked into people’s vision… Its body emitted indescribable fear waves.

This… was the Abyss Evil God Phantom that Xuan Ming mentioned, the ultimate core of the abyssal power.

Its appearance shocked everyone even more than the appearance of the Mysterious Underworld. No, or rather, it was the embodiment of the abyssal power controlled by the Mysterious Underworld. At this moment, when they saw this Abyssal Evil Spirit, everyone seemed to have fallen into a deep nightmare.

It was alright for the weak, but the stronger the person, the more they could sense the essence of the power of the abyss, and the more serious the impact, even if it was just a look…

“Ah!!!”

In an instant, a Beast Tamer who had contracted an overlord above his level screamed. The expression of the Beast Tamer with weak willpower gradually became crazy. He covered his head forcefully, and his eyes were dark green and red. Even their contractors’ gazes were filled with fear, and there seemed to be monsters muttering in their brains.

Boom!!!

The power of the abyss was terrifying. For legendary and demigod-level experts, their perception was especially obvious. The Dark Elven Empress looked at this monster called the Abyss Evil Spirit in shock. Although she sensed that its power fluctuations were only at the overlord level, the pollution contained in it at this moment, even through vision, made her, a demigod, feel threatened.

If it were an ordinary overlord, no, even a creature that had just entered the totem level… Let alone destroying it, it was still a question if it could maintain its rationality after fighting it.

“Nicholas!!”

The warning voice of the Dark Elven Empress immediately sounded in the Dark Elven Prince’s mind.

“Don’t participate in this trial. Just like what that god said, you’ll die.”

It would die.

Die!

A huge word appeared in the Dark Elven Prince’s heart, making its gaze tremble. Similarly, like the Dark Elven Empress, the demigod overlords of the Infinite Sea and the Ghost Sea instantly experienced the horror of the Abyss Evil Spirit.

This abyss power was definitely not something the so-called “invincible overlord” could touch.

Unless it had a will that exceeded the overlord’s will or an extreme cleansing power, it was definitely unable to resist the corrosion of the abyss power.

“Don’t participate in this trial.”

In an instant, the contestants of the Dark Night Forest, the Infinite Sea, the Ghost Sea, and many other demigod factions received a warning from their demigod overlords.

Even if it was the Thunder Crown Rubber Divine Tree that had reached the totem level, the Green Dragon Prince was the same.

“Your power doesn’t match the power of the abyss. It’s fine not to participate in this extremely risky trial.” The voice of the Genesis Tree God echoed in the heart of the Thunder Crown Rubber Divine Tree. It couldn’t lose its life because of this trial.

This Xuan Ming didn’t want anyone to obtain the inheritance at all!

“Give up,” the Tyrant Dragon King of the Dragonman Empire also said to its son. The power of the abyss was more compatible with water-element life forms. Although their race also mastered the power of water, they weren’t pure water-element life forms after all. Even if they obtained it, they might not necessarily be able to master it perfectly. It wasn’t worth risking their lives to obtain it.

At this moment, no matter who it was, they were stunned by the terrifying statue of the Abyss Evil Spirit. They even gave up on the idea of participating in the trial after taking a look.

A huge fear was born in the hearts of every creature.

“Is this the power of the Abyss Sea…”

“The gods of the Mythical Era fought against this kind of thing…?”

“This is only the shadow of its power? How terrifying… will the main body be!”

An overlord-level snake-haired sea demon took a step back with a shocked expression. Just looking at it made him feel that he was about to go crazy. He really couldn’t imagine the consequences of fighting that thing.

“Don’t participate in this trial!” On the seven countries’ side, the legendaries of the various countries also gave orders to the young talents in the country. At this moment, indescribable emotions lingered in everyone’s hearts.

Seeing this…

In the sky, the Boar God and the World Tree were expressionless. Xuan Ming was also extremely calm.

It seemed to have expected this outcome.

“That guy is really not sincere.”

The Boar God muttered.

No, or rather, it was very sincere.

After all, the Abyss Seed was considered a supreme inheritance, even more precious than its Spirit Ascending Saber.

However, the premise was that a creature had to be alive to get it.

Its trial required the candidates to compete among themselves to determine the strongest. Although it was also very harsh, there would definitely be an inheritor. This guy, on the other hand, directly didn’t want any modern creatures to take the inheritance if it summoned a terrifying guy like the Abyss Evil God Phantom.

However… the goal of the World Tree should have been achieved.

It should have already made the humans of the future understand the horror of the abyss.

Unfortunately, Xuan Ming was still kind-hearted. It should make the few of them pay with their lives to be more convincing.

“Alright, come on.”

“The creatures of the future.”

Xuan Ming’s voice kept echoing.

However, at this moment, no one dared to move at all.

Just looking at this Abyssal Evil Spirit gave countless totems and overlords a pressure comparable to a demigod level.

In addition, Xuan Ming directly said that contestants at the level of the Dark Elven Prince would die… At this moment, no one was willing to bet their lives to compete for opportunities.

It wasn’t that they couldn’t bet their lives, but the premise was that they had to see hope of obtaining opportunities.