Chapter 935 - 935 Some Research (6)

935 Some Research (6)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

In the next moment.

The Blue Sea Sprite Susu raised the Blue Sea Sword high.

Buzz!

As if its soul had left its body, a blue Sea Cleansing Spirit that looked similar to Susu’s form was born and wrapped around its entire body. Then, its body kept expanding, erupting with an incomparably huge energy wave!!

This Sea Cleansing Spirit quickly expanded to a thousand meters tall. It was majestic and spectacular. The holy cleansing aura on its body was even richer, and the energy fluctuations as deep as the ocean shocked all living beings.

The monarch level displayed energy fluctuations that were enough to deter totem level.

“Blue Sea Sprite, after the Mythical Era ended, it was the guardian of the sea, the faith of the entire sea,” Shi Yu completed the answer on behalf of Susu.

In the next moment, Susu’s Sea Cleansing Spirit stretched out its slender hand and directly swept up an incomparably huge ocean cleansing power. Its palm was like a tsunami that flipped the sky and fell towards the Abyss Evil Spirit.

Boom!!!

At this moment, an abyss-like fog spread from the body of the evil spirit that looked incomparably terrifying just now, sweeping up an even more terrifying pollution corrosion power. However, under the illumination of this palm, for some reason, all the creatures looking at the sea felt that this evil god spirit was not that terrifying anymore.

In the next moment, a sizzling sound sounded. The mist instantly turned into ice shards and melted into blue water droplets that fell. Its palm passed through the clouds and finally landed on the Abyss Evil Spirit. In an instant, the sea rolled!!

Everyone saw that under the dazzling cleansing power, the Abyssal Evil Spirit instantly disappeared like weathered sand. At this moment, its palm continued to land. The sea that was originally dyed black by the Xuanming actually quickly turned blue under the envelopment of the white light.

“Impossible!!” At this moment, Xuan Ming was extremely shocked. Although it didn’t activate the power of the abyss with all its might, what right did this monarch-level life form have to crush the power of the abyss that was one level higher than it… so easily?

Buzz!!!

The entire black water area was directly cleansed under the baptism of Susu’s Sea Cleansing Spirit, which had been accumulated for a long time with the faith skill Blue Sea Contract.

Holy, pure, clean, and countless auras that were opposite to the power of the abyss spread on the Blue Sea Sprite, shocking everyone.

As a Beast Tamer, Shi Yu had seen the world. He was not surprised to see this.

…

In the direction of the totem country.

The demigods of the Infinite Sea and the Ghost Sea could no longer sit still. They directly tore through the void and looked at the Blue Sea Sprite in shock.

This power had already confirmed that what Shi Yu had just said was the truth.

It was really the Blue Sea Sprite!

“Lord Blue Sea Sprite, who has been missing for three thousand years, appeared again?”

“Moreover, it became the pet of a human Beast Tamer?”

“How is this possible? How can that Lord Blue Sea Sprite acknowledge humans?”

Not only them, but the demigods of the other factions were also moved.

Including the World Tree clone.

The World Tree had awakened several times and also knew about creatures like the Blue Sea Sprite that were born after the Mythical Era.

After the Mythical Era ended, although the Abyss Evil God was repelled and the Abyss Race was repelled, their power was really difficult to cleanse.

An inheritance like the Abyss Sea still had some power left on Blue Planet.

It was also because of this that a huge faction that wreaked havoc in the sea in the future was born.

Originally, such a faction would have a huge impact on Blue Planet again. However, even the World Tree didn’t expect that because of the faith of the entire ocean and the determination to resist the Abyss Sea, a magical life form like the “Blue Sea Sprite” was born.

Even in the Mythical Era, no water-element god could obtain the huge ocean faith like the Blue Sea Sprite at that time.

It could be said that in the eyes of the World Tree, the Blue Sea Sprite was born in the wrong era. If it was born in the Mythical Era, it would be a peak water-element Mythical, the strongest trump card for Blue Planet to resist the abyssal faction.

However, even if it was born in the totem era, the Blue Sea Sprite was still incomparably powerful, becoming the strongest demigod below it.

The Blue Sea Sprite… was marked by the World Tree. After the Mythical Revival, it was a general that had to be roped in, but… it was actually contracted by someone?

“It’s the Blue Sea Sprite.”

“Because the entire ocean resisted the Abyss Sea and, their faith condensed into the strongest creature below the myths in the future.”

“After the Mythical Era ended, the inheritance of the Abyss Sea didn’t end, but every time it appeared, it was ultimately destroyed by the Blue Sea Sprite.”

“And in order to protect the sea forever, the Blue Sea Sprite is also constantly reincarnating… I didn’t expect it to actually be contracted by humans.”

The World Tree clone introduced it to Xuan Ming. Just as it said, demigods in the future couldn’t become myths not because of talent, but because of the restrictions of the world. Every demigod had outstanding talent, and the Blue Sea Sprite was clearly the best among them.

What was wrong with this Shi Yu!!!

As soon as the World Tree clone finished speaking, Xuan Ming was shocked. A creature born because of the faith of the entire sea? Such a creature, should it have been born in the Mythical Era… It would definitely be at the peak of the divine level.

Of course, if it was the Mythical Era… Those water-element gods probably wouldn’t let the Blue Sea Sprite be successfully born. The entire sea definitely wouldn’t place all its faith on one life.

At that moment, as their elders also finished explaining to him what kind of existence the Blue Sea Sprite was, every contestant of the seven countries and the totem country and the audience also looked at the second Mythical Trial venue in shock.

Such a Blue Sea Sprite… was contracted by a human? How was this possible!

Was this what Shi Yu meant by having some research on the power of the Abyss Sea?

The research referred to contracting the strongest demigod who had destroyed the inheritance of the Abyss Sea countless times?

“That Water Slime’s identity is actually so terrifying?!!!”

Gao Xuan, White Brook, Yin Zhengfan, Xiao Shuang, and countless Dong Huang spectators who had seen Shi Yu send the Water Slime to participate in the National League had incredulous expressions.

Shi Yu… This guy… What was he doing? How, how did he do it?

Such a creature… pet?

At this moment, everyone was stunned. The contestants of the totem country who originally thought that the heroic spirit of a titled expert was Shi Yu’s strongest trump card were all stunned… They had never seen such a heaven-defying Beast Tamer.