Chapter 939 - 939 Indeed Not A Good Person (4)

939 Indeed Not a Good Person (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Not to mention Xuan Ming, at this moment, all the factions looked at Shi Yu’s second team pet in shock.

What a joke.

Previously, when everyone looked at Chi Tong and saw its evil skills, they felt that Shi Yu didn’t look like a good person.

However, when he saw the Blue Sea Sprite, they realized that Shi Yu might be a good person?

Otherwise, how could it be recognized by the cleansing god?

But now, Shi Yu was indeed not a good person!

Where did he find this abyssal demigod reincarnation!!!

Second team? Did the Blue Sea Sprite agree!

Inatella was silent. The World Tree also watched everything in silence.

Only Duckie was extremely happy as it forcefully endured the corrosion of the abyss power. Quack? Was there such a good thing? Could it also be contracted? It was such a difficult thing to enter the first team.

….

As Duckie appeared, the second round of the World Tournament directly ended. Xuan Ming couldn’t evaluate Shi Yu’s behavior, but it still gave the Abyss Seed to Shi Yu according to the agreement and let Shi Yu do whatever he wanted.

If it was this duck… It wasn’t impossible for this commander rank duck to control the power of the overlord-level abyss and fuse with the Abyss Seed.

It was even more suitable than that Blue Sea Sprite.

The end of the second World Tournament trial could be said to be much crazier than the first. The divine inheritance was taken away one after another by a person. The various factions were extremely shocked, but they were extremely afraid of Shi Yu.

Yes, it wasn’t because they were afraid of Dong Huang or Dragon Palace City, but because of Shi Yu.

He had contracted the strongest demigod, the Blue Sea Sprite, and even dared to use the Abyss demigod reincarnation as the second team. Was this Shi Yu a demon?

It could be said that because of the appearance of the Blue Sea Sprite, Inatella became even more turbulent.

However, this had nothing to do with Shi Yu anymore. After obtaining the Abyss Seed, he bade farewell to Xuan Ming, the Boar God, the World Tree, and the other gods.

There was nothing else to say.

Farewell!

He had gone to nurture the second team!

Every time he obtained new resources, Shi Yu was the happiest.

This time, the World Tree didn’t reveal the information of the third trial. It only said that it would open in the afternoon.

In the outside world.

After the second trial ended, it was still not calm.

Countless representatives of the ocean totem factions came to visit Divine Source Legendary and President Lin. They wanted to see Shi Yu basically because of the Blue Sea Sprite!

….

“Quack!!!”

In the legendary ruins space.

In the battle of Susu, it wasted most of the power of the Sea Cleansing Spirit that had been condensed for a long time. It couldn’t help but feel a little heartache. After returning, it immediately worked overtime to condense again.

As for Duckie, it held the Abyss Seed excitedly and thanked Big Sister Susu.

It had already sensed the shocking power contained in this seed.

It felt that after eating it, it would become ten times stronger than eating the Abyss Reincarnation Bean.

“Don’t eat randomly.”

Shi Yu immediately reminded, “You have to try to refine it under Susu’s protection. Moreover, before you begin, break through to the monarch level first.”

“After you reach the monarch level and after Susu reaches the overlord level, you can start refining this. Only then can you ensure your safety. Susu, keep the Abyss Seed safe for Duckie first…”

“Quack!!!” Duckie agreed without hesitation. It was a small problem.

Monarch level, with hard work, it arrived in a few days.

“Ning.” Susu also sighed slightly.

“Roar!!!” At this moment, in the Mechanical Research Institute, a huge mechanical Tyrant Dragon also stuck its head out. It looked at Duckie’s Abyss Seed seriously and fell into deep thought.

Then, it looked eagerly at Ling, who was flying beside Shi Yu.

“Roar!!! (Big Sister!! When are you going to fuse the Earth Divine Dragon fossil?)”

It was anxious.

The overlord of the earth would never admit defeat!

Ling looked at it.

Similar to Shi Yu, it said heartlessly, “Let’s break through your current strength first. When you reach the monarch level.”

Be it fusing the Earth Divine Dragon fossil or fusing the Abyss Seed, it was possible for their potential to reach the Mythical stage. Therefore, they couldn’t be sloppy. At the very least, they had to be at the monarch level to try.

“Everyone, work harder.” Shi Yu also chuckled. Team Two that would counterattack and sweep Team One to death! He didn’t mind watching the commotion.

…