Chapter 933 - 933 Some Research (4)

933 Some Research (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Now, there wasn’t even hope. The demigods had even issued a warning. No one would be so stupid as to rush up and die. After all, those who could come here were all geniuses.

Moreover, even if a transcendent life form could barely withstand it, contractors, humans, and weak humans definitely couldn’t withstand the pollution of the abyss.

It would die!

This was also the reason why the demigods and legendaries didn’t let their contestants participate.

It was definitely not just pets that were being watched by the abyss.

However, the trial still had to continue. However, if no one could stand out, this battle could only end here.

…

“Looks like I have to accept the Abyss Seed too.”

Boom!!

No one replied.

This pressure made the scene very silent.

However, at this moment of silence, a figure wrapped in Psychic power slowly rose into the sky.

After Shi Yu rose into the sky with the help of his Psychic power, he looked at the Abyss Evil Spirit, making many contestants open their mouths wide and look up at him in disbelief.

Shi Yu…

That archeologist, Shi Yu.

At the moment, the greatest winner of the Mythical Trial.

What, what did he just say?!

Everyone present never expected that Shi Yu, who had just obtained the Life Fire and leaped into the championship candidate of the World Tournament, would actually stand up again.

He looked at the Abyss Evil Spirit calmly, as if he was not affected by the Abyss Evil Spirit.

“Shi Yu…”

Seeing Shi Yu suddenly walk out, Ye Xing, Divine Bell, Zheng Hai, and the others widened their eyes and spoke in confusion. Wait a minute, didn’t Shi Yu hear the mechanical legend and President Lin’s warning just now?!

No, no, no!

Why… did he still go out!

Didn’t he know what kind of monster the other party was?

Shi Yu… indeed didn’t receive a reminder from the Mechanical Legendary. President Lin didn’t remind him either.

This was because the Mechanical Legendary, President Lin, and the others knew that Shi Yu had contracted the Blue Sea Sprite that had destroyed the Abyss Sea countless times. The second team even had an Abyss half-god who had mastered the power of the Abyss Sea as a pet!!

If there was anyone present who could complete this trial, it would be Shi Yu.

“How dare he?”

“Could it be that he thinks that he, in that state… can destroy this Abyss Evil Spirit?!”

After being reminded by the demigods, the invincible overlord contestants looked at Shi Yu in disbelief.

At this moment, the gazes of the World Tree clone and the Boar God suddenly landed on Shi Yu.

What was this kid trying to do?

“Do you want to give it a try??” At that moment, Xuan Ming was extremely surprised. Behind the Abyss Evil Spirit, its gaze passed through the Abyss Evil Spirit and looked at Shi Yu.

He didn’t expect that someone would actually have the courage to challenge the Abyss Evil Spirit after seeing it.

“You should have heard what I just said, right?”

“The outcome of failure in the trial is only ‘death’.”

It repeated.

“Yes.” Shi Yu nodded and flew towards the sea.

Right on the heels of that, it stopped in the sky opposite the Abyss Evil Spirit. Seeing that Shi Yu was different from most humans and could actually look directly at the Abyss Evil Spirit without his mind, heart, and will being affected, Xuan Ming was shocked again.

This human might be a little different.

“Speaking of which, I also have some research on the ‘Abyss Sea’. Perhaps I can give it a try,” Shi Yu said.

After observing the Abyss Evil Spirit for a moment, Shi Yu stood out.

This Abyss Evil Spirit should only have the strength of an overlord.

However, the pressure it brought should be comparable to an overlord-level ginseng baby self-destructing. No, it was even stronger than that. It could resist self-destruction with any power, but only the cleansing power could resist this abyss power.

This was also the reason why many factions were afraid.

However, Shi Yu felt that it shouldn’t be a problem for Susu to deal with it.

After all, its cleansing power countered the power of the abyss. Moreover, the Sea Cleansing Spirit skill had also accumulated an incomparably huge power through the Blue Sea Contract. The cleansing power far exceeded the overlord level and had already reached the totem level.

He could give it a try!

It was just that… even if Susu obtained this thing, it shouldn’t want it.

Disgusted.

If Susu didn’t want it, it might be able to give it to Duckie. After all, it was more compatible with the power of the abyss.

Unfortunately, Duckie’s strength was not high enough and it had not reached the overlord level. Moreover, it had not signed a contract with him. Otherwise, Shi Yu felt that be it Susu or Duckie, they should be able to pass this trial.

If it was given to Duckie…

Shi Yu sighed. Good heavens, there was still a batch of pets in the first team that had yet to find the Mythical path. On the other hand, the second team… All of them were about to have Mythical potential. Little Ji’s Earth Divine Dragon fossil, Duckie’s Abyss Seed… Alright, it would be troublesome if the first team couldn’t defeat the second team in the end.

“You have some research on the ‘Abyss Sea’?!” Xuan Ming was stunned. Then, he laughed and said, “In that case, you can give it a try!”

It wanted to see what kind of research method Shi Yu had on the Abyss Sea.

At this moment, all the spectators were stunned by Shi Yu’s words.

They recalled the information about the three invasion disasters that Shi Yu had explored…

Among them, there was indeed the Abyss Sea. Then, Shi Yu might indeed have studied the Abyss Sea.

However…

“Divine Source, what are you thinking?” The legendaries of the six countries opened their eyes again.

Shi Yu had studied the Abyss Sea. They also knew that Shi Yu could show it at the archeological Conference.

However, what Shi Yu studied should only be at the same level as the Dark Mother Tree. Even the Dark Elven Prince was determined to not die. Was it really alright for Shi Yu to go up?