Chapter 937 - 937 Indeed Not A Good Person (2)

937 Indeed Not a Good Person (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Come, future Sea Guardian, I’ll help you fuse with the Abyss Seed and comprehend the power of the abyss. You can better cleanse it!!” It looked at Susu.

“With your willpower and physique, you can definitely control it easily.”

At the same time, a black thing that looked like a water drop and a seed floated in front of Xuan Ming.

At this moment, all the factions were shocked. Although they had yet to recover from their identity as Blue Sea Sprites, in the current situation, was Shi Yu… about to obtain two Mythical inheritances?!

This…

Countless people’s eyes turned red. It was fine if Shi Yu ate the Mythical Undying Fruit and contracted the Blue Sea Sprite, but he actually wanted to obtain divine-level inheritances one after another?

How powerful would the Blue Sea Sprite with the strongest cleansing power be if it mastered the terrifying power of the abyss?

Why was he the only one taking all the good things!!

However, just as everyone thought that Shi Yu and the Blue Sea Sprite would happily accept the divine-level abyssal power inheritance, to their pain, Shi Yu actually slowly spoke and rejected.

“Sorry, it might not be able to accept the inheritance of the power of the abyss.”

“Ning.” On the arena, the Blue Sea Sprite Susu recovered its Water Slime form under the lingering blue light.

It didn’t want to learn the power of the abyss. It was dirty, dirty, dirty!

Wasn’t the power of the sea of stars good?

Balls of starry sky strange water were much more interesting than the power of the abyss.

It would give it to Duckie. In any case, Duckie was no longer clean.

“Huh?!”

Shi Yu and Susu’s answer stunned Xuan Ming, as well as the Boar God and the World Tree, making everyone reveal incomprehensible expressions.

Holy shit.

Why the f*ck did they come up here if they didn’t want the Abyss Seed?! Were they so bored?!

“You don’t want the reward?!!!” Xuan Ming didn’t understand, but he was shocked. Then why did he come up? Was it just to let the Blue Sea Sprite slap the Abyss Evil Spirit he created?!

The World Tree had asked it to let the later generations experience the power of the Abyss Evil God. Xuan Ming only felt that its mission had failed. A huge failure. This Blue Sea Sprite had come out at the wrong time.

The abyss was directly countered by blood.

“No, it’s just that it can’t accept the power of the abyss. I plan to give it to another pet,” Shi Yu said. “The trial shouldn’t have said… that the creatures participating in the trial have to fuse with the Abyss Seed, right? It only said that the reward is the Abyss Seed.”

Xuan Ming: “?”

Silence.

Xuan Ming was extremely silent.

Give it to another pet???

The goal of its trial was to test if the pet participating in the trial had the ability to withstand the power of the abyss. If it couldn’t pass the test, it couldn’t absorb it even if it was given the Abyss Seed.

Was this very difficult to understand? Changing pets?

“Although I didn’t say it, it’s true that only creatures who have passed the test are qualified to fuse with the Abyss Seed. Other creatures aren’t qualified.”

“Compared to the Blue Sea Sprite, it’s indeed more compatible with the power of the abyss. Unfortunately, its strength isn’t enough, and it hasn’t contracted with me at the moment. Otherwise, I would have directly sent it out to accept the test,” Shi Yu said. “For the time being, it’s considered my second team’s pet. I think you might change your mind after meeting it.”

Perhaps it would even admire Duckie… Give it more rewards!

Team two pets!

There was no contract…

It wasn’t even the first team?

Shi Yu’s words immediately made the expressions of the Dark Elven Prince and the other transcendent experts ferocious.

A bunch of water-element overlords even wanted to abandon their superior status in the totem country and go to Shi Yu’s second team.

There was such a good thing?

“Are you serious?” Xuan Ming’s huge eyes locked onto Shi Yu. It was unbelievable. Although it was very easy for Shi Yu and the others to deal with the abyssal evil spirit, they should also know how terrifying this abyssal power was.

It was up to the Blue Sea Sprite to cleanse it easily, but that didn’t mean that other creatures were qualified to fuse with the power of the abyss!

“Alright.”

After a long time…

“If its aptitude can satisfy me, then you can deal with the Abyss Seed as you wish.” Xuan Ming’s gaze was burning. He wanted to see what other pet Shi Yu had that was qualified to withstand the power of the abyss.

As for Shi Yu, he didn’t hesitate and directly opened a spatial ripple!

This was a door that connected to the ruins space.

In the ruins.

Duckie held a water blade and fought crazily, stabbing at the Bean Bear phantom in front of it.

In the second team.

Qi went into seclusion to digest the legendary resource, the Nature Fruit.

Little Ji was also about to fuse the “Earth Divine Dragon” fossil.

A huge word “danger” filled the duck’s head.

It had no choice but to train its strength quickly.

If it became the bottom of the second team, he would definitely be made into a duck in soup.

“Duckie, your resources are here too.”

Boom!

The duck spear shot out like a dragon. After a water spear penetrated a layer of rust on the Bean Bear, the duck was directly sent flying by the Bean Bear.

But at the same time, its expression was shocked.

Quack?

Resources?

Buzz!

The duck was directly summoned by Shi Yu to the outside world. Then, this transcendent race commander rank Duckbill Beast was instantly watched by countless totems, overlords, and monarchs. Many gazes landed on its Duckbill Beast.

Duckie was shocked!!

What was going on?

It looked up at the huge turtle in front of it and was immediately shocked. It took a step back on the water.

“That’s it??” At this moment, Xuan Ming was immediately stunned when he saw the Duckbill Beast Shi Yu had summoned.

“Quack?” The Duckbill Beast was stunned. Although it didn’t know what was going on, this big turtle seemed to be very arrogant.