Chapter 936 - 936 Indeed Not A Good Person (1)

936 Indeed Not a Good Person (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The strongest ocean demigod!

Blue Sea Sprite!

Even if it was a reincarnation… No one could understand how such a transcendent life form was related to Shi Yu.

“He actually accepted the inheritance?” Legend Sea Tyrant watched in shock.

When…

“This is the strength of the Blue Sea Sprite…” Lu Qingyi was silent.

A monarch level displaying a totem attack?

No wonder Shi Yu dared to stand out!

“Master, Lu Qingyi, you… all know?” Zheng Hai and the others were completely stunned at this moment. Seeing Shi Yu display such a ridiculous pet, they were extremely confused. However, from the looks of it, many people knew the identity of that Water Slime?

“This is one of Dong Huang’s top secrets.” Beside him, President Lin said, “The identity of the Blue Sea Sprite is very important. Considering that the Blue Sea Sprite had too many enemies, Shi Yu didn’t have the ability to protect himself at that time, so he didn’t publicize it widely.”

“But now…” President Lin looked at Shi Yu.

Shi Yu already had the strength to reach the same height as the Blue Sea Sprite.

Initially, Divine Source Legendary, President Lin, and the others thought that the Blue Sea Sprite would leave Shi Yu after accepting the inheritance, but as long as they maintained a friendship, it wouldn’t be a loss. However, who would have thought that the Mechanical Phantom… the Chaos Panda… the Green Dragon… Shi Yu would actually nurture existences with potential that weren’t inferior to the Blue Sea Sprite.

Perhaps this was also why the Blue Sea Sprite acknowledged and was still willing to follow Shi Yu.

“Divine Source… You guys…” The legendaries of the various factions felt even more indescribable.

Everyone originally thought that Shi Yu was strong because he had eaten the Mythical Fruit and his physique was strong because he relied on his strongest physique to fuse with a top-notch undead pet to display extremely strong battle power. This was Shi Yu’s strongest state. If he sent out his pet alone, Shi Yu would at most be at the ordinary legend standard.

But no one expected that this guy actually contracted the strongest demigod reincarnation… And was this pet’s battle power… strong? It must be strong.

Countless people looked at the clean sea with shocked gazes. The pressure the Abyss Evil Spirit gave everyone just now was real.

Even the god Xuan Ming had said that the phantom had the ability to corrode invincible overlords. However, such a terrifying evil god was directly… cleansed by a slap.

This was the strongest demigod, the Blue Sea Sprite!

With the strength of a monarch, it easily killed an overlord and casually displayed the extreme cleansing power of a totem!

At that moment, the contestants and demigods of the Infinite Sea and the Ghost Sea still looked at the scene in silence.

The Blue Sea Sprite… had an extremely high status in the endless sea and the Ghost Sea. Although the faith in the Blue Sea Sprite had dimmed in the past ten thousand years, this was also because the Blue Sea Sprite and the Abyss Sea had not appeared for too long.

But history made these two huge factions still remember the kindness of the Blue Sea Sprite.

As long as the Blue Sea Sprite appeared again and gave the order, they were still willing to follow the call of the Blue Sea Sprite to crusade the abyss together to prevent this evil faction from reviving.

However… the Blue Sea Sprite, which had always been alone, actually contracted a human. For a moment, it made the demigods of the Ghost Sea and the Endless Sea Domain feel rather complicated.

After a long silence, they finally gave the order to their contestants.

“All the subsequent trials and battles… You must not conflict with Shi Yu of Dong Huang.”

Perhaps they also had to consider if they should form an alliance with Dong Huang, just like Dragon Palace City.

This time, ordering their subordinates not to have a conflict with Shi Yu was not because of Shi Yu’s characteristics, but because of the impact of the Blue Sea Sprite.

If the Mythical Revival and the Abyss attacked again, they still had to rely on the strongest demigod, the Blue Sea Sprite.

“This…” The invincible overlords of the demigod factions, such as the Deep Sea Emperor Whale and the Mother of the Nether Ghost, also had complicated feelings.

They looked at the two peerless figures above the sea.

The Blue Sea Sprite, known as the “Blue Sea Saintess”, and the Beast Tamer of Dong Huang, Shi Yu, who was wearing a blue trench coat and stood at the end of the sky with blue Psychic power, looking at the Mythical creature, Xuan Ming.

“There are actually such terrifying pets in the future…” The Boar God muttered as it also looked at them.

Although it was a Mythical creature, it didn’t dare to underestimate creatures that could become the strongest in the Cultivationless Age. If such creatures were placed in the same era, their talent and achievements would definitely be above theirs.

If the divine-level creatures of the Mythical Era could settle everything, the World Tree wouldn’t have chosen life forms with outstanding talent and potential in the future.

It could only be said that these Mythical creatures had benefited from the era.

Next was the arrival of a new era.

Whether it was these old antiques who still stood at the top of Blue Planet, or the geniuses of the new era, the rise of transcendent beings, making the new era without a ship that could carry them, no one knew.

“Blue… Sea… Spirit… Sprite…”

As the host of the second trial, Xuan Ming looked at the figures of Susu and Shi Yu. After a long silence, he said, “I! I acknowledge you! What a Blue Sea Sprite, the strongest demigod in the future. I look forward to you maintaining this advantage and growing into a divine-level domain!!”

“However, after the Mythical Revival and the descent of the abyss, it’s not that simple to obtain all the faith of the ocean.”

“Of course, if it can maintain this extreme ocean cleansing power, the cleansing spirit condensed from the power of the ocean faith will definitely become the light that the abyss faction fears the most.”

“You guys passed the trial.”

“The Abyss Seed is yours.”