Chapter 931 - 931 Some Research (2)

931 Some Research (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Abyssal power…”

At this moment, the gaze of the invincible overlord of the Endless Sea Domain, an elemental life form that was purely condensed from water elements and looked like a huge whale, the Deep Sea Emperor Whale, turned cold.

The invincible overlord of the Ghost Sea, the huge dark blue jellyfish in the form of a spirit body, was also shocked.

Just like Dragon Palace City, the Infinite Sea Region and the Ghost Sea were both huge factions in the Blue Planet Sea Region. At the same time, they were also enemies of the Abyss Sea. Dragon Palace City was alright, but the Infinite Sea Region and the Ghost Sea in the west were the first to bear the brunt of the invasion of the Abyss Sea and were corroded by the Abyss Sea.

Although the invincible overlords of the Infinite Sea and the Ghost Sea were “still young” and had never experienced the invasion of the Abyss Sea, the demigods of their factions and the demigods of previous generations had experienced resistance to the Abyss Sea time and time again.

Their factions naturally recorded the horror of the Abyss Sea. It could be said that without the help of the Blue Sea Sprite, the endless sea area and the Ghost Sea would have long been destroyed by the invasion of the Abyss Sea.

As for the Abyss Sea of the totem era… it was only an inheritance left behind by the Abyss Sea of the Mythical Era.

The Abyss Sea of the totem era was already so powerful, so how powerful was the power of the divine-level Abyss?

In an instant, the invincible overlords of the Infinite Sea and the Ghost Sea were extremely tempted. Not only them, but the Inatella’s Infinite Sea and the Ghost Sea demigod behind them were also extremely moved.

If they could obtain the inheritance of Xuan Ming and the power of the divine-level Abyss… Even if the Abyss Sea of the Mythical Era invaded again, their factions should be able to calmly resist, right?

This inheritance had to be taken down!

Similarly shocked were the Dark Elven Empress and the Dark Elven Prince of the land faction, the Dark Night Forest.

Abyssal power.

According to the Elven Empress of Tingxiang, the Mother Life Tree had also been polluted by the Abyss and turned into the Dark Mother Tree. Including the Dark Elves, they were all affected because of this.

However, the Dark Elves were not permanently under the control of the Dark Mother Tree in the end. In the end, they successfully destroyed the Dark Mother Tree and became independent. Thinking about it carefully, if the Dark Elves were still under the influence of the Abyss bloodline, they probably wouldn’t have received the invitation of the World Tree.

Then…

Did the dark elves already master the power of the abyss? Was it possible to directly obtain the favor of the Mysterious Underworld?

Just now, Xuan Ming didn’t seem to have mentioned any restrictions.

It didn’t seem like creatures with no attributes could participate in the trial. It only said that it was enough to destroy the Abyss Evil Spirit.

“Lord Xuan Ming, there are no restrictions on participating in the abyss trial??”

At this moment, the invincible overlord of the Dark Night Forest, the Dark Elven Prince, couldn’t help but ask.

The Dark Elven King asked the question everyone wanted to ask.

“Oh?” At this moment, Xuan Ming’s gaze landed on the dark elven prince.

After sensing the extremely weak dark power of the abyss from the dark elven prince, it said, “Little brat, you also have traces of the abyss on your body.”

“However, compared to the pure power of the abyss, it’s too weak, a hundred times weaker. Its power has long been diluted.”

“As for the conditions to participate, there are no restrictions. Anyone who wants to participate can give it a try.”

The dark elven prince was overjoyed.

First, its great enemy, the Fire Dragon King, died. Then, it was tailor-made for the second Mythical Trial. It, it was simply going to go to heaven.

However, in the next moment, Xuan Ming’s words made the dark elven prince feel like he had fallen into an ice cave.

“Of course, the trial isn’t that simple. Although the Abyssal Evil Spirit I condensed is only the weakest prototype, it’s also the shadow of the power of that evil god. Not everyone can destroy it.”

“Even I avoid looking at that evil god directly. Only supreme gods like the Ancestral Dragon can resist it. Although there are weak abyss traces on your body, you would die if you tried.”

“You might fall slower. That ‘human’ beside you will definitely die faster than you.”

Beside the dark elven prince was a contractor. It was a mixed-blood maid Beast Tamer, specially born for the dark elven prince.

At this moment, her expression changed like the dark elven prince.

“It’s not the same thing as the power of the abyss you understand.”

“Don’t blame me for not reminding you. If you can’t successfully resist the Abyssal Evil Spirit and are instead polluted by the power of the Abyss, even I can’t restore you to your original state.”

“Your will will completely die and become slaves of the abyss.”

“This is a trial that involves one’s life. It’s also a trial that one has to face before controlling the power of the abyss. If one can’t even pass this most basic trial, then forget about mastering the power of the abyss.” Xuan Ming’s deep voice echoed in the hearts of all living beings.

At the same time.

A huge and darker black shadow appeared under the polluted black sea.

At this moment, the black sea area rolled.

The “Abyss Evil Spirit” Xuan Ming mentioned was about to be born.

At this moment, the dark elven prince’s heart trembled and beat crazily. He didn’t expect that Xuan Ming would bluntly determine that it would directly lose its life after participating in the abyss trial.

The expressions of the other creatures also changed drastically as they looked straight at the terrifying creature under the Abyss Sea.

Its figure was slowly outlined like a monster. It vaguely had the outline of a person, but it had a head with many tentacles like an octopus. Its body was covered in scales, and it had huge claws. There was also a pair of long and narrow wings behind it… Its image had some characteristics of octopuses, bats, and humans.