Chapter 946 - 946 Strongest Talent (4)

946 Strongest Talent (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

In the next moment, as Shi Yu’s Eye of the Heart spun, a strong wave bloomed from his body. With him as the center, it quickly formed a domain that enveloped the world.

The entire world turned green.

On the ground, a sapling appeared under Baby Ginseng’s feet and quickly grew.

Soon, it grew into a towering divine tree.

During the growth process of this divine tree, it was as if it had replicated countless ginseng babies. When its branches bloomed, every ginseng baby on every branch stood on the divine tree like a fruit.

Thousands of ginseng baby figures made people unable to tell what was going on for a moment and lost their minds.

What was this!

“Could it be…” The expression of the World Tree clone changed. It sensed the power of the world from it.

At this moment, in the World Tree Domain and perfectly fused with the World Tree, Baby Ginseng was like a mortal spirit that ascended from the ground to the sky and touched the divine domain.

A vast and deep power circulated on its body. As the sweet aura, nutrients, and Time Fruit flowed on its body, its low-level skills instantly touched the power of the natural order.

Although it was far inferior to the strength of a super skill when it came into contact with the power of the natural order and couldn’t be upgraded to a quasi-divine skill, it could still be called a small divine skill…

Buzz!

A weak sound of laws still spread from the ginseng babies.

It was as if an Undying Divine Medicine had appeared, directly making the non-mythical races present feel a strong pressure and temptation.

Countless transcendent lives’ eyes instantly turned red, and they couldn’t suppress the saliva in their mouths.

“What’s this…”

The Mechanical Legendary of Shen Feng and the War Gods of Xue Yuan revealed shocked expressions.

Divine Source Legendary and President Lin were also stunned. Wait a minute, apart from the Taiji and Green Dragon Domains, Shi Yu had developed a new domain?

This form… Could it be because of the World Tree Fruit?!

Many people widened their eyes in shock and looked at the ginseng baby fruits on the divine tree.

“Buzz!!”

The sound of laws spread again.

Just like those gods, it spread from the body.

At this moment, the Beast Tamers who were evaluated as eight-star talent were stunned.

Their minds were blank, and they couldn’t understand why the telepathy talent was like this.

Ye Xing, Divine Bell, and the others suddenly looked at Lu Qingyi.

Lu Qingyi shook her head crazily.

“I don’t know.”

The gem cat and the Void Mantis were stunned.

Wait a minute, wasn’t this the sound of laws that could only be triggered by the prototype of a divine skill?

Why did it directly spread from Baby Ginseng!

At that moment, what concerned people the most was not the sound of laws triggered by the ginseng baby, but the tempting fragrance emitted from its body.

The fatal wave directly went into the transcendent life forms there and trembled. Their genes were shouting.

They felt that if they ate it, it could enter the God Domain.

Even the demigods in the void found it difficult to suppress the urge to eat all the fruits on this tree at this moment. No, it wasn’t just demigods. After fusing with the World Tree Domain and touching the power of the natural order with low-level nourishing skills…

The three gods who had just woken up couldn’t help but rumble. They revealed incredulous expressions and actually felt that if they ate that ginseng baby, they would accelerate the recovery of their strength.

“Divine-level resource.” At this moment, the three gods made a judgment together. They couldn’t believe that Shi Yu had actually used some unknown method to strengthen a ginseng baby to a nourishing resource comparable to a divine-level resource.

Boom!!!

The World Tree Bridge Domain, also known as the Jianmu Domain, enveloped the entire Inatella. The temptation of the ginseng baby had reached the extreme.

Living beings couldn’t believe that their hearts would actually fall instantly. They had the urge to charge forward.

What was unbelievable was that one, two, three, four…

Four different laws sounded everywhere on Inatella Island, and the void trembled.

“It smells so good.”

“The birth of a divine medicine?”

“It’s not the World Tree?”

“What a rich life force.”

Voices spread all over the island, and the void tore. A dragon-element god, a huge ox-type god, a tiger-type god, and a plant-type god directly woke up from their sleep.

At this moment, when the Boar God, Xuan Ming, and the Holy Divine Deer saw that these guys, who had also been awakened by the World Tree once, had directly woken up, their expressions changed. They looked at the huge tree. They didn’t expect that this guy’s fluctuations would actually wake those guys up together.

“I didn’t awaken them,” the World Tree clone muttered.

Because the burden of waking up was too great, the few gods told it not to awaken it in advance. The World Tree clone indeed did as it was told, only awakening the corresponding god before every trial.

But this time… since it was awakened by other creatures, it had nothing to do with it.

At this moment, Shi Yu was also quite surprised. However, as the display of his mind domain ended, he still looked at the Holy Divine Deer under everyone’s shocked gazes and said,

“In the mind domain, the abilities of the corresponding pet will be enhanced. For example, the ‘Tree Bridge Domain’ in front of us can be a laws bridge for the pet to communicate with the mortal gods of the world.”

“With the enhancement of this domain, my monarch-level ginseng baby is also half a step into the Mythical race.”

“Although it’s not a complete Mythical race, I think it shouldn’t have the enhancement effect of other Beast Taming Talents. It’s stronger than the telepathy talent, right?”

“So, can this be considered the strongest Beast Taming Talent?”