Chapter 944 - 944 Strongest Talent (2)

944 Strongest Talent (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

On Dong Huang’s side, as they continued to watch, Shen Feng’s trump card, Qiao Sen’s Awakening Talent, the strongest Mechanic talent of the same type as the Mechanical Legendaries, was evaluated as a seven-star talent. While Gao Xuan was happy, his expression quickly darkened, because he definitely couldn’t defeat an eight-star talent.

He followed closely behind. As expected, it was only a seven-star evaluation.

Soon, a few hours passed. More than 200 contestants displayed their talent one after another. A total of five talents that were evaluated as eight-star by the Holy Divine Deer appeared.

They were the spatial strengthening talents of the Void Court and Shen Feng. Apart from the Void Court, the Shen Feng Nation also had a spatial attribute strengthening talent.

Snowfield Nation’s Time Freeze Talent.

The fusion talent of the Shen Feng Nation and the Dong Huang Nation was a talent that could allow multiple pets to fuse into one. Zhou Ming of the Dong Huang Nation also had it. In the eyes of gods like the Holy Divine Deer, this talent had extraordinary potential, especially after stepping into the God Domain. Perhaps it could easily assist the two gods in completing the combination divine skill.

Unfortunately, Dong Huang’s Star Strengthening Talent and Divine Bell’s Ancient Revival Talent were only evaluated as level 7.

After a round of testing, the expressions of the contestants from the totem country were not good.

Because compared to the seven human countries, there were still too few Beast Taming geniuses in the totem country.

From the Beast Taming Talent, one could tell how endless the Beast Taming Geniuses of the seven countries were.

Five eight-star talents, four from the seven human countries, and two from the Shen Feng Nation.

From this, the difference between the seven countries and the totem country could be seen. After all, one was made up of humans, and the other was made up of transcendent lives.

“Any more?”

At this moment, the Holy Divine Deer looked down.

Many gazes looked in Dong Huang’s direction and at Shi Yu.

As a famous figure in the World Tournament, how could Shi Yu not be paid attention? Everyone discovered that this guy who had obtained the inheritance of two trials had yet to go up and show his talent.

It looked like Shi Yu had given up. Not only him, but Lu Qingyi of Dong Huang should also have given up. Among the more than 200 contestants who had displayed their talent in the World Tournament just now, none of them had a telepathy talent. This explained a lot. It was very difficult to become an expert with a telepathy talent.

“If not, the few of you can fight to decide the inheritor.”

The expressions of the contestants on Dong Huang’s side changed slightly. They still wanted to fight?

Zhou Ming was about to cry. Although he was lucky enough to become the strongest talent owner of Dong Huang and was thought highly of by the gods, he definitely couldn’t defeat those guys.

Why not give him a one-colored divine light? He wasn’t greedy. Stop fighting and split the inheritance equally.

“Damn it.” Ye Xing and Divine Bell only felt that they were one step away. As long as there was one more star, they weren’t afraid of battle.

“I wonder how many stars I can be evaluated for a historical talent.”

At this moment, Lu Qingyi sighed slightly and tried before Shi Yu.

She walked out of the Dong Huang area and looked at the Holy Divine Deer. “Lord Holy Divine Deer, I have a telepathy talent.”

At that moment, the Holy Divine Deer and the other gods looked at Lu Qingyi, who walked out of Dong Huang.

The Holy Divine Deer said, “Telepathy… can it also be considered a talent?”

Wasn’t this the ability that every Mythical creature had since birth?

What was the use?

Lu Qingyi smiled bitterly and said, “The telepathy talent is a special Beast Taming Talent. It can help Beast Tamers communicate better with non-contracted creatures.”

“However, this is only the basic usage of telepathy. According to development, the telepathy talent can also be upgraded to the ‘listening to the Voice of History’ talent.”

“As long as it’s an ancient item that contains traces of time, Beast Tamers with the gift of telepathy can spy on history through this talent. This is also the strongest talent of archeologists in the future.”

The Holy Divine Deer nodded and said, “A talent to spy on history through the traces of time? Not bad, seven stars.”

It didn’t waste too much time on Lu Qingyi. It didn’t even have the intention to verify it and let Lu Qingyi show it. After all, compared to the Listening Talent and the Spatial Strengthening Talent, there was still a difference even if it contained some time abilities.

In any case, the telepathy talent that couldn’t increase battle power couldn’t participate in the final inheritance competition.

Seeing this, Lu Qingyi retreated helplessly.

When the contestants of the various countries saw this, they heaved a sigh of relief.

As for Ye Xing, Divine Bell, Zhou Ming, and the others, they revealed as expected expressions.

“By the way…”

At this moment, seeing that the third trial was already nearing the end, everyone had almost finished displaying their talent. Seeing that Shi Yu had yet to come up, the Boar God and Xuan Ming couldn’t sit still.

To be honest, although Shi Yu had obtained the inheritance from them, they really didn’t seem to know what Shi Yu’s Beast Taming Talent was.

In the first two trials, Shi Yu did not show his Beast Taming Talent at all.

Why didn’t this guy come up for a long time?

Could it be that the Beast Taming Talent was very lousy?

“Human kid, you haven’t come up yet, right? What Beast Taming Talent do you have??” The Boar God and Xuan Ming took the initiative to leave the arena and looked at Shi Yu as they asked.

Realizing that the Boar God and Xuan Ming were looking at Shi Yu so concernedly, the Holy Divine Deer also looked over and noticed this young human who also didn’t show his talent.

“Me? Like the beauty just now, I also have a telepathy talent,” Shi Yu said to the three gods in the sky.

Upon hearing that, the Holy Divine Deer was still alright. The Boar God and Xuan Ming were slightly stunned and looked at the World Tree clone.

This ridiculous kid was actually just holding a talent in telepathy???

Lu Qingyi, who had just come down, was also speechless. Why was he pulling her along?