Chapter 948 - 948 Machines Can Also Divine (1)

948 Machines Can Also Divine (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

There was silence in Inatella.

The World Ginseng immediately became the most attention-grabbing.

Divine-level resources.

Shi Yu immediately strengthened a monarch-level pet into a divine-level resource through his Beast Taming Talent!

Everyone could confirm that perhaps the energy level was not enough, but in terms of quality, the current ginseng baby had already exceeded most divine-level resources.

This couldn’t help but make many ferocious overlords unable to suppress the saliva in their mouths.

“What’s this guy doing!”

At this moment, the Prediction Owl’s pupils widened.

It knew this ginseng baby. After all, the first evolution of the ginseng baby was in the time mystic realm it protected.

At that time, Baby Ginseng had displayed the talent of the Undying Divine Medicine, and now, it had actually become even more exaggerated.

The Prediction Owl couldn’t suppress the saliva in its mouth. At the same time, it was worried for Shi Yu and Baby Ginseng.

It suddenly recalled its prophecy just now. Baby Ginseng was being chased by a group of totems and overlords… Could it be… that this was the cause?!

What a sin!

At that moment, the Prediction Owl didn’t know if it should be happy that another prophecy might hit or worried for Shi Yu and the others.

Its mood was especially complicated.

Without a doubt, the Beast Taming Talent displayed by Shi Yu was undoubtedly the strongest. However, at the same time, it also exposed the fact that he had contracted a supplement pet that was not inferior to divine-level resources.

This was very bad.

“Although you obtained an inheritance, you’ve also become the target of the arrows.”

The Black Dragon Ruler of the Dragon Empire was still holding a grudge.

Although the Fire Dragon King wasn’t its son and was only a disciple, it had spent a lot of effort to nurture it.

Now, it only wanted Shi Yu to pay the price.

Seeing that Shi Yu had exposed a ginseng baby that was comparable to a divine-level resource for this inheritance, it instantly knew that if there were any chaotic battle rules during the next World Tournament, Shi Yu would definitely be attacked by concentrated fire.

Originally, Shi Yu had taken so many inheritances in succession that it was enough to attract aggro. Now, with Baby Ginseng… he was definitely the enemy of the world!

A ginseng baby that contained the sound of laws in its body… After eating it, it might be able to evolve into a Mythical race!

After all, it was a divine-level supplement that shocked Mythical creatures.

“The talent of humans is actually so powerful? They can do this?”

At this moment, among the four gods awakened by Baby Ginseng, the tiger god, who was as tall as a mountain, said in surprise.

The first time it was awakened by the World Tree, the World Tree had told them about the changes in the totem era and the Beast Taming Era.

Among them, the greatest variable on Blue Planet was the rise of the human race.

Originally, the gods were very curious about humans, but now, they were even more curious.

It could be said that Shi Yu’s enhancement to that ginseng baby was not inferior to the enhancement of a support-type quasi-divine skill to a transcendent life form.

Baby Ginseng, who originally had a mortal spirit body, was actually instantly not inferior to obtaining the potential of a god. Although it was temporary, it was also commendable.

“Inheritance!”

It was another trial dominated. Shi Yu happily took the nine-colored divine light inheritance crystal that flew over from the sky.

Under the jealous gaze of the Void Mantis of the Void Court, the two Beast Tamers of the Shen Feng Nation, and a Beast Tamer of the Snowfield Nation, the crystal landed in Shi Yu’s hand.

They originally thought that the inheritance was easy to obtain, but who knew that Shi Yu would appear in the end?

Not to mention them, even those Beast Tamers who weren’t qualified to participate in the final inheritance competition felt even worse than killing their own mother when they saw Shi Yu obtain another inheritance. Their eyes were extremely red and filled with envy.

Even those demigods gritted their teeth in hatred at Shi Yu’s dog shit luck and wished they could strip Shi Yu naked.

At the same time.

The information about the crystal was received by Shi Yu’s mental consciousness.

Nine-colored divine light!

This skill could actually strengthen pets in all aspects. It was simply too abnormal.

Support strengthening skills, like healing and cleansing skills, were all very rare skills. A single skill to strengthen a certain quality was already very rare.

As for the nine-colored divine light, it could actually strengthen physique, life, energy, skill proficiency, natural power affinity, spatial power affinity, soul, spirit, will, and so on!

No wonder the nine-colored divine deer said that this was the strongest support skill.

Shi Yu didn’t know if it was bragging, but the prototype of this divine skill was definitely not inferior to Susu’s Blue Sea Contract and Sea Cleansing Spirit. It was very strong.

However…

What made the corners of Shi Yu’s mouth twitch was that the inheritance power contained in this inheritance gem seemed to be too huge.

His pet… was it really alright to receive the inheritance?

“By the way.”

At this moment, after handing the inheritance crystal to Shi Yu, the Holy Divine Deer said, “Only light-element creatures can use this inheritance crystal. I originally prepared it for my clansmen and spent a lot of effort.”

“You have to be careful when you use it.”

“It’s also a strengthening resource. The power contained in it can strengthen a light-element life form to the quasi-divine level after receiving it, which is the totem level you call it as in the future. I remember that there seems to be a contract level restriction in your human Beast Taming Space. Your Beast Taming level is too low, so you probably can’t withstand the power of a quasi-divine. Therefore, I suggest that after your Beast Taming level increases, you hand the inheritance crystal to the contracted life form to use.”

Good news! The inheritance crystal… could instantly strengthen a pet to totem level!

Bad news! He didn’t seem to… be able to use it?!

Shi Yu: “?”

Shi Yu was stunned.