Chapter 941 - 941 Unconventional (2)

941 Unconventional (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“What I should consider now is whether this Shi Yu has any other trump cards. He’s too strange. Even the second team is an abyss demigod reincarnation. Where’s the first team?”

“Isn’t that even more terrifying?”

“That’s not necessarily true. Most Beast Tamers in the seven countries like to change pets. If it weren’t for the fact that the Abyss Demon Duck hasn’t grown up and doesn’t have any extra contract slots, Shi Yu might have already replaced it in the first team.”

“The talent potential of a contracted pet might not necessarily be comparable to a new pet. At most, its strength will exceed, so there’s no need to be too pessimistic. How can someone be so ridiculous with all their pets being that heaven-defying?”

“The Blue Sea Sprite is the strongest demigod reincarnation. Even the World Tree, Boar God, and Xuan Ming acknowledge the Blue Sea Sprite very much. Could it be that you think Shi Yu has a pet even more ridiculous than it?”

“The other pets should at most be on the same level as that heroic spirit. After all, that heroic spirit isn’t simple either. When it was alive, it should have been a hybrid of a totem creature and a human genius. When it was alive, its strength definitely reached close to the legendary level.”

“That’s true…”

In fact, it wasn’t surprising that the various countries would deduce this. Even those who were slightly familiar with Shi Yu felt that Susu and Chi Tong’s background potential was already very ridiculous. For example, although Lin Hongnian and the others were bragging about the Iron-eating Beast, they didn’t think that the heroic spirit reincarnation of the number one general under Emperor Shi’s command would have lower talent potential than the Demon God Iron-eating Beast.

The reason why the Demon God Iron-eating Beast was strong was because it had followed Emperor Wu. If it didn’t follow Emperor Wu, it would only be Senior Ji Mengzhu’s father, the trump card of the strongest general under Emperor Wu. At most, it would be equivalent to Mu Huiyin.

No, it was even inferior. After all, General Mu Huiyin seemed to be a hybrid. Even Emperor Wu had admitted the power of hybrid humans. Although Emperor Wu’s physique was known as the strongest among pure-blooded humans, it might not be the case if it was compared to hybrids of the same level.

The reason why the low-level Beast Tamers of the totem country could contract above their level was largely because the Beast Tamers of the totem country were all hybrids specially cultivated.

“I wonder what the content of the next trial is.” In the Dong Huang area, President Lin stood high and looked at the sky.

Now, Dong Huang had already placed all its chips on Shi Yu. Outsiders might not know Shi Yu’s specific trump card, but Divine Source Legendary and President Lin knew that Shi Yu’s strength was far from the tip of the iceberg.

…

Inatella.

Light-element arena.

A loud hum made all the creatures on the island look up.

They took a look and saw that it was indeed the World Tree clone flying into the sky again.

“The third trial is about to begin in the light-element arena. The ‘Holy Divine Deer’ has already awakened!”

Light-element arena!!

The one presiding over the third trial was a light-element god!!

“Light element?” When Shi Yu came out of the mystic realm, he guessed the rules.

In his team, Eleven and Baby Ginseng both had light attributes, so it wasn’t a big problem to restrict their attributes.

It was actually not a big problem to restrict other things.

Unless only female Beast Tamers could participate in the trial, Shi Yu felt that it was not a scam.

Boom!!

The contestants of the various factions were flying in the direction of the light-element venue.

Most people were using their pets to travel. There were also transcendent creatures from large factions in charge of teleportation.

“Kids.”

In the Dong Huang area, Ye Xing, Divine Bell, Lu Qingyi, and even Shi Yu, who had just come out of the ruins, looked at the direction of the light-element arena. The voice of the gem cat appeared in their hearts.

“I’ll send you over.”

Upon hearing that, Shi Yu and the others relaxed and let the gem cat teleport them.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!!

Around the light-element arena.

Light flashed.

The ten people from Dong Huang arrived.

“Shi Yu!”

After the people gathered, Zheng Hai and the others looked at Shi Yu beside them and couldn’t help but say with the corners of their mouths twitching.

“Do you have a light-type pet?”

This ridiculous guy… had already obtained two inheritances. This one shouldn’t be the case, right?

There didn’t seem to be any light-type pets in Shi Yu’s team.

“Light element, yes,” Shi Yu said with a chuckle.

Everyone: “?”

“However, none of the main attributes are light-element. They can’t even be considered secondary attributes. They can barely be considered the third attribute,” Shi Yu said.

“It’s alright.” Ye Xing looked at the horizon. His trump card was light-element, top-notch overlord battle power.

Coupled with his Beast Taming Talent, he had quasi totem battle power.

Dong Huang still had hope for this trial.

“That’s…”

At this moment, as the ground and mountains on Inatella Island shook, the surroundings of the light-element arena had already cracked into ruins, along with the surrounding space.

Amidst the vibrations, nine-colored divine light spread from the spatial crack.

In the sky, the World Tree clone stared at the spatial crack and introduced the god.

“Light-element god, Holy Divine Deer. In the invasion war, it was in charge of an overlord army. There were a hundred generals in the army.”

“But after being strengthened by its divine skill, ‘Nine-Colored Divine Light’, these hundred generals can instantly reach the demigod level.”

As the World Tree clone introduced the identity of the Holy Divine Deer, the eyelids of many factions twitched.

F*ck.

100 demigods?!

What a joke.

Although they understood that demigods from the Mythical Era might not be as rare as now, when they first heard it, it was still difficult for the current creatures to imagine what an army of 100 demigods would be like.

“Holy Divine Deer.”

“This deer is also awake.”

In the sky, the Boar God and Xuan Ming also tore open a spatial crack and stood at the highest sky, looking down.