Chapter 947 - 947 Strongest Talent (5)

947 Strongest Talent (5)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

As Shi Yu finished speaking, Inatella immediately fell silent. Countless creatures locked their gazes on Shi Yu.

Their gazes trembled.

“This beast!!!” In an instant, the gazes of countless totem half-gods exploded. What was this kid saying? He called this a telepathy talent?!!

Sensing the powerful aura on Baby Ginseng’s body and the tempting fluctuations comparable to divine-level supplements, they swallowed their saliva crazily.

Especially the Black Dragon Ruler, who had a grudge with Shi Yu. Its eyes were red and its saliva flowed. If it weren’t for the fact that there were too many experts here, it would have already rushed forward.

The Holy Divine Deer’s calm expression was finally moved. This Beast Taming Talent had just strengthened a mortal spirit into a divine domain??

It even… affected its mental fluctuations?

The Holy Divine Deer didn’t sense wrongly. Just now, it definitely had the thought of tasting that ginseng baby…

“What’s this!!”

At this moment, because Baby Ginseng emitted the fragrance of a god, the four gods who were originally about to be awakened by the World Tree woke up in advance and looked at Baby Ginseng on the divine tree.

At this moment, the World Tree clone didn’t know how to explain to the four gods. It could only say, “It’s the pet of a human Beast Tamer. After being strengthened by the Beast Tamer, it temporarily became like this.”

“Human Beast Tamer? Pet?”

The four gods looked at Shi Yu, who seemed to be one with the Tree Domain, and at Baby Ginseng, who was connected to him telepathically.

It meant that it couldn’t be eaten?

At this moment, the Holy Divine Deer was silent for a moment. It looked at the ginseng baby on the divine tree and said, “You win. Among the Beast Taming Talents just now, your Beast Taming Talent is undoubtedly the strongest.”

“The inheritance crystal of the nine-colored divine light is yours.”

Skill Name: Nine-Colored Divine Light

< Introduction > It’s a light-element super skill. It contains a total of nine colors of divine light. Different colors of divine light can respectively allow the pet’s physique, life, attribute energy, energy control, affinity for natural power, affinity for spatial power, soul power, spiritual power, and willpower.

As soon as the Holy Divine Deer finished speaking, the Boar God and Xuan Ming fell silent.

The contestants of many countries, be it the totem country or the Seven Nation Alliance, found it difficult to accept.

Why…

Why… was it this guy again? How could a telepathy talent be developed to this extent? Was this Shi Yu still human?!

In theory, Shi Yu didn’t even have the qualifications to enter the trial… The contestants of the World Tournament, who originally thought that Shi Yu’s Beast Taming Talent was his greatest shortcoming, felt their brains rumble continuously.

“How did this guy’s head grow…” Legendaries like the Elven Empress of Tingxiang were very shocked.

Didn’t Shi Yu have any shortcomings?

Although Shi Yu had yet to use his mind domain in battle, looking at the phenomenon of Baby Ginseng, many creatures also completely sensed the extraordinariness of this second-developed mind domain. Their expressions couldn’t help but change drastically.

Beast Taming Talent that could help mortals enter the God Domain?

Not to mention in this competition, even in the entire history, it was a top-notch talent.

And such a talent was developed by a level-six Beast Tamer from the telepathy talent? How was this possible!!

At this moment, seeing that Shi Yu had indeed successfully obtained another trial inheritance, Divine Source Legendary, President Lin, and the others were excited. However, was it really alright?

Sensing the unfriendly, covetous, and greedy gazes of the overlords of the totem countries towards Baby Ginseng, they felt that many contestants who originally didn’t have any thoughts about Shi Yu instantly had huge evil thoughts about him.

Perhaps in the eyes of some demigods, totems, and overlords, the value of the ginseng baby was no longer inferior to a trial inheritance.

At this moment, they only wanted to know if Shi Yu did it unintentionally or if he deliberately used Baby Ginseng to bait them…

Originally, as Shi Yu displayed his strength, the hostility of many totem factions towards Shi Yu dissipated.

But now, as Shi Yu displayed further… the hostility seemed to have returned. Like they couldn’t wait to eat Shi Yu. Was Shi Yu complaining that there weren’t enough undead puppets??