Chapter 940 - 940 Unconventional

940 Unconventional

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Roar!!”

“Quack!!”

Under the temptation of the “Earth Divine Dragon fossil” and the “Abyss Seed”,

The huge Earth Dragon Little Ji and the blue fat duck prepared to continue the special training excitedly.

Boom.

Little Ji turned and left. The ground trembled, causing Duckie, who turned around together, to frown.

Noisy!

Shi Yu also had a look of disdain.

“Wait!”

At this moment, Ling, who was flying beside Shi Yu, suddenly stopped Little Ji and Duckie.

“Roar?”

“Quack?”

The overlords of the earth and ocean turned around with puzzled expressions.

What other instructions did it have!

“Go back and take a look at this.”

Ling took out two tablets and threw them to Little Ji and Duckie, who were confused.

This was…?

Ling said, “This is a brilliant video editing of your Beast Tamer’s World Tournament. It has your senior’s heroic performance. Remember to observe and learn.”

“Oh?” Shi Yu looked up at the sky at a 45-degree angle and said, “That’s thoughtful of you.”

Ling: “?”

Didn’t this guy ask it to record it?

According to Shi Yu’s requirements, Shi Yu’s performance in the World Tournament had to be super clear…

It was for the second team, even the third, fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh, eighth, and ninth teams in the future, and even the various armies under him in the country to learn…

Little Ji, Duckie:!!

“Roar!!” “Quack!!”

Little Ji and Duckie’s eyes flickered, as if they had seen the video title through the black screen.

“Team One Information”!

Well… If they studied it carefully, they might be able to figure out the weaknesses of the members of the team!

For the sake of the future “subparity counters superiority”, this was a precious learning material!

Little Ji and Duckie put away the tablet as if they had obtained a treasure.

….

In the legendary ruins space.

Shi Yu stood on the spot and thought for a moment.

The World Tree was too much. The interval between each trial was too short.

Couldn’t they give the contestants three to four days of rest after the trial?

It didn’t take care of a “consecutive champion” contestant like him at all.

Although he didn’t consume much energy in the morning, the next trial in the afternoon made him not dare to add points randomly, afraid that it would affect his condition.

“I should continue researching telepathy!”

Although researching this thing was also exhausting, it was better than adding points.

“Ling, help me call Baby Ginseng over. Also, supervise Eleven and Buggy and tell them to control themselves.”

“Alright.”

Ling quickly flew away.

In the ruins, apart from Shi Yu’s considerate secretary, Ling, the other pets were rubbing their fists. They felt that time was passing too slowly.

Chi Tong and Susu, who had finished fighting, wanted to fight again.

As for Eleven, Buggy, and Baby Ginseng, who didn’t appear, they couldn’t wait.

“These guys…” Ling looked at Eleven and Buggy, who were constantly warming up, and sighed.

Eleven was actually alright.

But it was really afraid that Buggy and Baby Ginseng wouldn’t be able to stop in time and blow up the entire Inatella.

The Yin Yang Millstone was a single-target skill. Its power was all focused on the enemy. As long as it was controlled well, the aftermath wouldn’t be too ridiculous.

However, the enemy wasn’t the only one who suffered from Buggy’s Dragon Star Group Meteorite hitting Blue Planet and Baby Ginseng’s Moon Explosion.

Moreover, it was difficult for Buggy and Baby Ginseng to control these skills…

Ling only hoped that the World Tree, Mythical creatures, and demigods could control it.

At the moment, only Ling still had rationality.

After circling around, Ling called Baby Ginseng, who was researching the Energy Fruit of the Anti-World Tournament contestants, over.

After obtaining the information, Baby Ginseng had already found a way to deal with every champion candidate after careful research.

“Yiya?!!!!”

At that moment, after being shouted at by Ling, Baby Ginseng took off its glasses and shook off its white coat with a pleasantly surprised expression!

It immediately pushed the door open and crawled underground to find Shi Yu.

It naturally knew why Shi Yu had called it over.

Let’s study the “heart domain, World Tree” together!

After a few experiments, Shi Yu and Baby Ginseng already knew very well that the World Tree Domain was very strong.

It was completely different from the Yin Yang and Green Dragon Domains.

….

In the outside world.

After Shi Yu insta-killed the Abyss Evil Spirit, a storm brewed.

The legend of the Blue Sea Sprite immediately spread throughout Inatella.

Now, most people found it strange.

It was said that the Blue Sea Sprite Reincarnation could only accept the inheritance of the Blue Sea Ruins at the overlord level.

Why did Shi Yu’s Blue Sea Sprite master the racial skill of the Blue Sea Sprite at the monarch level?

Although they didn’t know what was going on, it wasn’t too important. After all, even a ridiculous thing like the Blue Sea Sprite being contracted had happened.

Now, they were more concerned about another problem.

How strong was the battle power of the Blue Sea Sprite?

The battle power of the undead possessing Shi Yu was ridiculously strong, but quasi totems were already very unsolvable. Now that there was another Blue Sea Sprite, every contestant with the intention to win the world championship was very silent.

For example, the Green Dragon Prince asked the Tyrant Dragon King.

In the dark void, the Tyrant Dragon King opened its eyes.

“There’s no need to worry. The Blue Sea Sprite Reincarnation can easily defeat the Abyssal Evil Spirit. It largely depends on its ability to counter it. In terms of destructive power, that attack is even inferior to a serious totem-level attack.”

“Its growth level hasn’t reached the overlord level yet. The proficiency of the Blue Sea Contract and the Sea Cleansing Spirit won’t be very high. At this level, without several years of bitter cultivation, it can’t condense a move that’s enough to cleanse normal totems.”

“That attack should have exhausted its strength.”

“I see.” The Green Dragon Prince heaved a sigh of relief.

The demigod factions who were more familiar with the Blue Sea Sprite all deduced.

It had to be said that the deductions of many factions were already very accurate.

Even with the cheat Infinite Devour, it was not easy for Susu to condense another totem-level Sea Cleansing Spirit in a short period of time because the time it had received the inheritance was too short.