Chapter 945 - 945 Strongest Talent (3)

945 Strongest Talent (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Yes.” The World Tree clone had long known and was relatively calm. As the strongest archeologist of the seven countries, it was very normal for Shi Yu to have a listening talent.

“Then it’s alright. Looks like this trial has nothing to do with you,” the Boar God said with a smile.

Freak. How was he so strong with just a telepathy talent?

“Is it very special?” The Holy Divine Deer asked the Boar God and Xuan Ming, not understanding why these two were so concerned about this human.

“This human passed my and Xuan Ming’s trial previously and obtained two inheritances,” the Boar God said.

“One person, two inheritances?” The Holy Divine Deer looked at the weak Shi Yu. However, although he looked weak, it could sense the huge power hidden in Shi Yu’s body.

It was only stronger than the humans who displayed their Beast Taming Talent just now, not weaker.

It’s good that this trial had nothing to do with Shi Yu!

Not to mention the contestants of the totem country, the legends of Shen Feng and Xue Yuan were delighted when they saw that Shi Yu didn’t cause any trouble.

The two legendaries already felt that this was the closest to a divine-level inheritance.

The Void Court was also silent. They were still very afraid of Shi Yu, who had obtained two inheritances in a row.

“No, it’s actually still has something to do with me.”

“I’m also a little interested in Lord Deer God’s ‘nine-colored divine light’.”

However, after being noticed, Shi Yu didn’t seem to have any intention of giving up. Psychic power enveloped his entire body and he slowly flew up and said to the three gods.

His words stunned everyone.

Everyone: “?”

What was this guy talking about when all he had was a telepathy talent?

Everyone looked at Shi Yu, who walked out, and was speechless.

Didn’t Dong Huang’s Lu Qingyi verify that her telepathy talent was at most seven stars just now? Why did he still stand out?

“Huh? Didn’t you say that you were telepathic?” The Boar God looked at Shi Yu.

Shi Yu said, “Although I also have a telepathy talent, telepathy talents aren’t all completely identical.”

At this moment, Shi Yu landed on the empty ground. At the same time, a purple summoning array appeared in front of him. A ginseng baby appeared on the arena.

Many factions looked at this ginseng baby and were stunned.

Especially those factions who didn’t know Shi Yu very well. When they saw that Shi Yu actually contracted a monarch-level ginseng baby, they revealed incredulous expressions.

As expected, just as they had guessed, Shi Yu’s other pets weren’t that strong?

Even Boar God, Xuan Ming, and the others were stunned when they saw this ginseng baby. Although they sensed the huge energy contained in its body, there was nothing special about it.

What was Shi Yu doing?

He wanted to use the “telepathy” talent on it?

“Yi.” At this moment, Baby Ginseng pouted. It didn’t expect that it had been summoned and wasn’t fighting at all. It couldn’t help but give bad reviews.

Forget it… Baby Ginseng sighed.

They could fight sooner or later. There was no hurry, so Shi Yu wanted to… fish first?

At this moment, Shi Yu smiled as he looked at the confused gods.

“Although Beast Taming Talents are natural, after postnatural development, abilities won’t remain the same.”

“Although there are strong and weak talents, as long as it’s developed appropriately, even if it’s a single-purpose talent, it can still display a dazzling side.”

“Dong Huang’s legendary Beast Tamer, Emperor Wu, originally only had an ordinary Fusion Talent. He could only undergo a Fusion Transformation with one pet, but as he developed, the Fusion Talent was developed to an extremely high level. He could fuse with nine pets and suppress demigods with battle power.”

“And coincidentally, apart from the ability to listen to the Voice of History, I’ve also developed some other aspects of my telepathy talent.”

“Therefore… even if it’s a telepathy talent, it might not necessarily be weaker than talent potential like spatial strengthening.”

“Everything is born of the heart.”

“All existences are materialized from the heart.”

“When telepathy is cultivated to the extreme, it’s the use of the power of the heart. I call it the mind domain.”

At this point, Shi Yu slowly closed his eyes.

In the dark world, Shi Yu saw a blue planet, Earth, and the huge tree growing on it in his heart.

[World Tree Domain]!

No.

Shi Yu’s three mind domains were actually very special.

The Yin Yang Domain was the only mental domain with its own sound of laws. The effect was comparable to a quasi-divine skill. It could strengthen the power of the Yin Yang skill, but the consumption was huge. At the same time, it could suppress other powers.

The effect of the Green Dragon Domain was not as ridiculous as the Yin Yang Domain. It didn’t contain the sound of laws, but it could effectively strengthen the power of Buggy’s faith skill and increase the speed at which it mobilized the power of faith.

As for the World Tree Domain, the effect was that the plant-type creatures in the domain would be affected by the domain power and temporarily fuse with the World Tree phenomenon. Their life force would undergo a qualitative change, and their wood-element power would increase greatly.

This increase would make it easier for Baby Ginseng’s every skill to come into contact with the level of laws. Compared to the effect of the legendary World Tree’s Blessing, this domain was more like a bridge to communicate with the mortal gods of the world. Shi Yu preferred to call it: [Tree Bridge Domain].

Boom!!

Shi Yu slowly opened his eyes. At this moment, his eyes turned emerald green, containing supreme vitality.

As Shi Yu activated his mind domain, the air around him began to hum and vibrate.

The almost corporeal mental wave formed green ripples around him.