Chapter 949 - 949 Machines Can Also Divine (2)

949 Machines Can Also Divine (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Why was it as scammy as the inheritance of the Blue Sea Sprite?

Couldn’t it have less inheritance points?

Who could withstand a totem level at once?

However, most inheritances were indeed like this. For example, Senior Lu’s Mythical Revival was perfect proficiency at the start after receiving it.

And this nine-colored divine light was probably transcendent proficiency.

Although it still needed the user to train for countless years before it reached the level of a divine skill, this starting point was something that future creatures looked up to.

“It’s a proper divine-level inheritance resource.” At that moment, after hearing that this inheritance crystal could instantly create a totem-level support-type quasi god, the various factions were envious again.

“He can’t use it now!” However, there was also something that made the contestants of the various countries happy. Shi Yu had obtained such an inheritance treasure and couldn’t use it at the moment!

Including the previous Flame of Life and this nine-colored divine light, they were not resources that could increase battle power in a short period of time!

The Abyss Seed had also been given to the second team’s duck by Shi Yu. In other words, although Shi Yu had obtained three inheritances, his strength had not increased much because of the inheritances.

At the thought of this, the expressions of the rubber divine tree, the Green Dragon Prince, the Fallen Angel, the Void Mantis, and the other contestants couldn’t help but relax.

Good! Good! Good!

“Lord Holy Divine Deer…”

At this moment, Shi Yu was really helpless to complain about this inheritance.

When he could contract a totem level, forget about level nine, even if he contracted above his level, it would be at least level eight. At the moment, he had yet to reach level seven. He had to wait for a long time.

It was a lonely inheritance.

Shi Yu was silent and fell into deep thought.

Then, he looked in Dong Huang’s direction.

Forget it, if that was the case, he would give it to someone first. This was a skill inheritance resource and a strengthening resource. Shi Yu didn’t want the strengthening effect. It was extremely useless to him. It was mainly a skill. In any case, it could still be replicated after the skill. It was more stable to add points to transcendent than to receive the inheritance.

Light-element inheritance crystal… It was similar to a gem… Shi Yu looked at the gem cat in Dong Huang’s direction. Among the people he knew, this guy seemed to be the only one suitable. This guy’s attributes were much older, and it could use any resource.

It was better to think of a high price and sell it to Teacher Cat to trick it into working for him for 100 years.

The gem cat: !!!

The gem cat: ???!!!

Gem Cat: Σ(°△°||)_

Shi Yu… Why was this guy looking at him!

“Meow?”

Firstly, excluding the possibility that he was showing it off to it. Shi Yu wasn’t that kind of jerk.

Could it be…

The gem cat instantly raised its claws in shock.

[Looks like I can’t use it for the time being. Teacher Cat, I’ll give you the gem.] Shi Yu planned to let the gem cat accept the inheritance first before replicating the nine-colored divine light to teach his pet. This way, he would perfectly solve the problem of the excessive inheritance power.

After learning this skill, the gem cat’s strength… should be able to become a top-notch totem, or even one of the best.

After all, this skill was really strong. Not to mention strengthening others, just strengthening it to oneself could also strengthen oneself into an invincible state.

Gem Cat: ♡o(╥_╥)o ♡

“I’ll say.” At this moment, among the awakened gods, Inatella had a divine bull. Its entire body was golden, as if it was made of gold.

It looked around and looked at the gods who had also awakened and at the gods who had awakened earlier. “What’s the situation now?”

“How troublesome. Looks like I woke up early.” Its gaze landed on the wannabe Ginseng Emperor, who had already returned to its normal state and was making a face at everyone with a face like a punching bag.

At this moment, in the eyes of the various totem overlords, the Ginseng Emperor’s ghost face was like a beautiful woman flirting with a single person, as if it was saying, “I’m so yummy, come and eat!” and “Come and play.”

Shi Yu indeed had the intention of fishing… In any case, he had already offended what he should offend. It was better to kill more undead for Chi Tong.

If one didn’t think about eating Baby Ginseng, everyone would still be good friends, but if one thought about Baby Ginseng… Then he could only treat it as an enemy. Be it the totem country or the seven countries, this move was called luring a snake out of its hole.

The undead puppets could also inherit some of the original owner’s skills. If any undead’s skills were not bad, it could completely be raised as a backup skill column.

Or… he could use the memory water drop to squeeze out their skill experience and sell the skill water drop for money!!! It was a huge profit.

Apart from that, overlord races were everywhere here. The materials on their bodies were all top-notch, the kind that was very difficult to buy in Dong Huang. It was not a loss to collect them in case of emergencies or as evolution materials.

Shi Yu’s eyes turned green again.

In any case, with the protection of the Dragon God and the Mechanical Legendary, during the World Tournament… the World Tree wouldn’t let the demigods attack the contestants. It was very safe.

As for after the World Tournament ended… Shi Yu felt that he would definitely have broken through to the Legend level at that time. At the same time, all the members in his team would be invincible overlord quasi totems and would have their battle power strengthened at the epic level.

For example, if the Time Fruit created by the overlord-level World Ginseng was eaten by the invincible overlord of the Mythical race, it would definitely instantly have totem-level attributes. Coupled with the Taiji Domain and quasi-divine skills, Shi Yu felt that it shouldn’t be difficult to unleash a demigod attack.

Perhaps when the time came, he could hide in the Blue Sea Ruins and let Susu condense a Sea Cleansing Spirit for a year and fuse with a bunch of quasi-divine skills. Perhaps he could really do it. Legend-level battle power was close to that of a demigod. When he reached the Titled Legendary-level, he might be able to suppress demigods like the legends of the past.