Chapter 943 - 943 Strongest Talent (1)

943 Strongest Talent (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The third trial began intensely.

“Lord Holy Divine Deer, I!! I have a light-element strengthening talent.”

At this moment, many Beast Tamers were extremely excited. They didn’t expect to be able to directly recommend themselves to divine-level creatures.

Regardless of their Beast Taming Talent, at this moment, every contestant wanted to promote themselves to the Holy Divine Deer and win the nine-colored divine light inheritance.

Soon, a legend Beast Tamer from the totem country rushed forward and cooperated with the contracted overlord to display his light-element strengthening talent.

It was relatively easy for a legendary strengthening talent to bring tens of millions of energy points strengthening to light-element energy. A light-element overlord with 60 million energy points instantly reached 81 million energy points under the strengthening of this legend Beast Tamer.

“Four-star, too weak.”

“Four-star is barely enough. Three-star.”

Although it was the trial of the Holy Divine Deer, in the sky, Xuan Ming and the Boar God couldn’t help but evaluate the Beast Taming Talent of the human Beast Tamers.

“Four-star,” the Holy Divine Deer said calmly.

Among them, attribute strengthening talents were belittled by the three gods to be worthless.

This made the corners of Zou Yun, Zheng Hai, and the other strengthening talents in the Dong Huang area twitch. For a moment, they didn’t know if they should go up.

“Although strengthening talent is common, it’s practical,” Zou Yun said indignantly.

“Then let’s give it a try. What if?” Zheng Hai sighed.

President Lin said, “There’s no hurry. This process is also a good opportunity to collect information on the Beast Taming Talent of the contestants from the totem country and the other six countries. Look carefully first.”

…

…

In a short moment, everyone discovered this pattern. Usually, Beast Tamers who broke out of the preliminaries rarely had Beast Taming Talent evaluated by the Holy Divine Deer as above six stars.

The first to exceed six stars was still a member of the nine demigod factions.

In the Void Court, a young Beast Tamer in a black robe displayed his spatial strengthening talent with his contracted overlord, the Void Mantis.

Under the spatial strengthening talent, the quasi totem-level Void Mantis didn’t use any moves. It directly slashed through the void with a saber, displaying an attack that would heavily injure even a totem-level head-on, making the expressions of the Green Dragon Prince, the Rubber Divine Tree, and the other totems change.

Although these invincible overlords had yet to reach the totem level, they still couldn’t be underestimated.

“What, spatial strengthening talent?!”

As this talent appeared, many Beast Tamers from the totem countries were shocked. Although they were all strengthening talents, the enhancement of the spatial strengthening talent was much more terrifying than the attribute strengthening talent.

“It has the same talent as the Space Emperor, and…” In the Dong Huang area, the Void Mantis beside Lu Qingyi narrowed its eyes and looked at the black-robed young man and his clansmen beside him, its thoughts drifting away.

The Void Court was its hometown. However, compared to those royal families, it could only be considered an abandoned child, and it was all thanks to the Space Emperor taking it in.

“Eight stars.”

At this moment, be it the Boar God, Xuan Ming, or the Holy Divine Deer, they all acknowledged this talent very much.

However, their evaluation also made many Beast Tamers’ balls hurt slightly.

Even the powerful spatial attribute strengthening talent was only eight stars. What was nine stars and ten stars?

Time strengthening talent?

However, it was difficult to think about time strengthening talent. In the past 3,000 years, only four Beast Tamers with time strengthening talent had been recorded.

…

Soon after, a second eight-star talent was revealed. It was the trump card legend of Xue Yuan, Andre. His Beast Taming Talent was the “Time Freeze” talent, which was also considered a time talent.

It could allow any ice-element skill of the contracted ice-element pet to have the effect of freezing time. The effect was similar to the Heavenly Frost Cold Energy, but it was more comprehensive than the Heavenly Frost Cold Energy.

This talent made the three gods raise their eyebrows slightly. It was very good to let a pure ice-element creature master the power of time.

In fact, to a certain extent, it was even more useful than the Time Strengthening Talent. After all, the Time Frozen Talent only needed an ice-element pet to use, but the Time Strengthening Talent needed to be matched with a pet that had mastered time-type skills. The threshold for the latter was too high.

Of course, in terms of the upper limit, the Time Strengthening Talent was still recognized as the strongest.

…

Then, ridiculous talents appeared one after another.

The Beast Tamers carefully cultivated by a few demigod factions had their Beast Taming Talent basically evaluated as seven-star potential.

Among them, everyone originally thought that the Beast Taming Talent of the Beast Tamer who contracted a totem above his level in the Origin Land and the Dragonman Empire would be very powerful, but they realized that that was not the case at all.

The Beast Tamer of the Thunder Crown Rubber Divine Tree Totem in the origin place had a tailor-made “tree sprite” talent.

It could transform into a sprite-type tree-type life form to assist in its growth and strengthening. At the same time, the threshold of contracting a tree-type life form would decrease. Although it had successfully contracted the totem tree, in terms of overall potential, this talent was far inferior to “Space Strengthening” and “Time Freeze”.

The situation in the Dragonman Empire was similar. The contractor of the totem-level Green Dragon Prince was a hybrid of a human and a dragon. It was a “dragon blood talent”. It could rely on absorbing the blood of a dragon-type pet to reduce the difficulty of contracting this pet. The enhancement to the pet was even inferior to the tree sprite talent. There was no battle power enhancement at all.

This also made many totem countries understand the huge price of contracting totems above their level. The strength of talent and contracting above their level couldn’t be combined.

The Origin Land and the Dragonman Empire originally thought that they could rely on the potential of contracting above their level to take a gamble and win the favor of the Holy Divine Deer, but in the end, their Beast Taming Talent evaluation didn’t even have four stars.

…