Chapter 957 - 957 The Strongest Dragon Trial

957 The Strongest Dragon Trial

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

In the outside world.

The Demon King Dragon’s gaze swept across the various dragons with interest.

It even looked at the demigod-level dragons with the potential of their race to enter the God Domain through the alternate space.

Dragon Palace City, Dragon God!

Dragon Empire, Black Dragon Ruler!

“Boring. Do we still have to wait for that guy to finish searching for the divine stone and finish looking at the Mechanic class? Can my trial begin first?”

This Demon King Dragon’s aura rose to the sky. Previously, the seven of them had agreed on the order of the trial. It was the fifth!

“Your Majesty.” The World Tree clone looked at the Demon King Dragon.

“What kind of trial do you plan to undergo?”

“Hahahaha.” Demon King Dragon’s laughter sounded.

“Needless to say, it’s naturally the strongest dragon trial. Only the strongest dragon is qualified to inherit my power.”

Its red dragon eyes looked at the dragons in all directions and said, “All the dragon-element creatures here will fight to determine the strongest dragon.”

“Rules, one-on-one.”

“The strongest person will obtain my dragon bone!!”

“This dragon bone is the skeleton I once shed. It contains the divine power to change races. It’s a bloodline crystal from my previous life that can allow the transplanted dragon race to evolve into a divine domain!”

“It can be seen as a divine-level evolution resource of the dragon race.”

“Little brats that want it, come, let me see your strength.”

Its aura erupted, moving all the dragons.

“This guy…” The Boar God and the other gods were not too surprised by the Demon King Dragon’s trial.

As expected, it was also a test of battle power, and it had specified the dragon race.

“Boring!” The huge Golden Bull God’s gaze was hot.

Ah.

He wanted to fight.

Compared to letting these trial-takers compete, it wanted to go down by itself and let these trial-takers please it more!

Whichever guy could let it fight to its heart’s content, it would give it some gifts.

He wondered if the creatures of the future and the brats of the new era could make it interested.

“In that case, we can indeed start first,” the World Tree clone said.

“In that case…” The Demon King Dragon looked in the direction of the Dragonman Empire.

It looked at a humanoid life form several meters tall with an extremely tall and burly figure. It had legs and arms, and its entire body was covered in green dragon scales. It had a pair of dragon-shaped long horns. It was standing there domineeringly and also looked at the Demon King Dragon with a burning gaze.

An opportunity to enter the God Domain…

It had finally arrived.

Beside it was a young man more than two meters tall with a similarly burly figure and dragon horns. The two had the same aura, as if they were twins.

They were both hybrids, but for one, the dragon bloodline occupied the dominant part, and the other, the human bloodline occupied the dominant part!

It was the Green Dragon Prince who had stepped into the totem level in the Dragonman Empire, as well as its contractor, the legendary Beast Tamer with the dragon blood talent!

In the sky, the Demon King Dragon stretched out its huge dragon claw and pointed at the Green Dragon Prince. “Little brat, I can sense that your strength is very strong and your bloodline is very special…”

“It should be the dragon with the strongest bloodline apart from those guys hiding in the alternate space.”

“Is it because it’s a human-dragon hybrid?”

At this moment, in the World Tournament, the only two totem-level contestants, the Green Dragon Prince, was even more excited when he saw the Demon King Dragon directly asking him questions.

It laughed out loud and said, “Lord Demon King Dragon, that’s right. My bloodline, the merits of the gathered dragons, the merits of the humans, and the faith of the thousands of citizens of the huge Empire…”

“It’s a well-deserved perfect dragon.”

“However, compared to Lord Demon King Dragon’s bloodline, it seems like a drop in the bucket. I’m willing to participate in this trial. If I can obtain Lord Demon King Dragon’s dragon bone, I’ll feel like I’ve been reborn!”

Bah, bootlicker!!

“Damn it.” The Fallen Angel of the Demon Nation’s expression couldn’t help but darken when she saw the Green Dragon Prince being so shameless.

However… the bloodline of the Green Dragon Prince was indeed terrifying.

It was simply carved from the same mold as the ruler of the Dragonman Empire, the Tyrant Dragon King.

The Tyrant Dragon King was also a perfect combination of the dragon race and the human race. At the same time, it gathered the power of faith of the huge empire and completed the evolution.

Although the Fallen Angel Aldrich was known as the most perfect race closest to a god, it was still rather afraid of this Green Dragon Crown Prince, who was one level higher than it.

“Not bad.”

“Then, what are you going to do?” The Demon King Dragon seemed to like this very much and thought very highly of the Green Dragon Prince.

It believed in its eyesight. Apart from the Tyrant Dragon King, the Dragon God, the Black Dragon Ruler, and other hidden alternate spaces, and not the super dragons of the contestants of this world competition, the Green Dragon Prince’s bloodline was the strongest.

At the same time, its growth level seemed to be extraordinary, far exceeding the other contestants.

In addition, with the “human” bloodline specially taken care of by the World Tree, this Green Dragon Prince directly became the first choice for the Demon King Dragon.

How ridiculous.

The first four trials were actually taken by the same person, but this wouldn’t happen to it.

The Demon King Dragon didn’t want its inheritance to be taken away by the inheritors of other gods. This would make it look very lousy.

“I understand.” The Green Dragon Prince’s blood boiled after the Demon King Dragon’s words.

Although its current bloodline was extremely outstanding, it was nothing compared to the bloodline of a god.

The Green Dragon Prince was determined to get the Demon King Dragon Bone.

Boom!!!

A shocking dragon-shaped aura appeared on it and the contractor. Both parties leaped into the air and landed on the huge rock-element arena.