Chapter 955 - 955 Enviable Reward (2)

955 Enviable Reward (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The fourth trial inheritance was a divine beast cub???

“Huh?” Shi Yu was also slightly stunned. Not a divine-level resource??

Why was it a divine beast cub…

He had enough cubs. In the clueless team, Little Ji, Duckie, Qi, and Little Purple had yet to grow up.

If another one came, Team One wouldn’t do anything else all day. They would just take care of their children.

“This guy!” At this moment, the Boar God and the other gods felt that the Lie Shanjun was a thief.

How could he be so perfunctory? Just this was also called an inheritance?

However, they understood Lord Lie Shan’s thoughts.

Lord Lie Shan’s current state should be the one with the worst Restoration among them. He was extremely weak.

At the moment, they were basically equivalent to Mythical Races at the overlord level, while Lord Lie Shan was about at the monarch level.

If in this state, Lord Lie Shan didn’t happen to have an inheritance crystal like the Holy Divine Deer and instead had to distribute additional power to inherit it, his vitality would be even more heavily injured.

Therefore, throwing out a divine stone that sealed the young of the divine race from god knows where as an inheritance was indeed in line with its current state.

The gods and Shi Yu felt that this inheritance was a little careless. After all, they were all people who had seen the world. On the other hand, the totem clans and contestants of the seven countries were stunned.

A divine beast cub!!

Shi Yu already had a cub of a Mythical Race, that Wind Kirin. If there was another one, wouldn’t that be… two?

What would happen?

If he could contract two Mythical Races, even if the Beast Tamer was a pig, he could break through to the legendary level under the lead of the two Mythical cubs, right?

“Damn it…” Even the contestants from the Seven Nation Alliance, Shen Feng, Xue Yuan, and the others were extremely jealous, let alone the totem clans.

Those demigod experts were all extremely silent. If a Mythical Race was nurtured by them, their country would undoubtedly have a new general!!

Although these demigod experts weren’t Beast Tamers and couldn’t contract pets, they were also nurturing subordinates and enriching their factions.

For example, a thousand years ago, when the totem king, Yun An, was at the demigod level, he also had twelve generals with totem strength.

It could be said that if it weren’t for the fact that Emperor Wu Dynasty had other powerful Beast Tamers and guardians, Emperor Wu definitely wouldn’t be able to deal with the Yun clan alone.

King against king, general against general. Ancient and modern wars had always been like this. Therefore, even the totem country yearned for a cub with Mythical potential and was extremely envious.

Shi Yu’s reward made everyone envious again.

“What?” Lord Lie Shan narrowed his eyes and said, “From the looks of it, you’re not satisfied?”

“No, very satisfied,” Shi Yu said. Forget it, it was better than nothing. Let’s see what it is first.

“You’re lucky. That divine-level cub came from a demon race of a divine-level race. Its potential is extraordinary.”

“Let’s go, follow me.” Lord Lie Shan roared. The Mythical Ruins it slept in directly opened.

The Void crack opened, and Lord Lie Shan directly entered. At the same time, he let Shi Yu follow it.

Demon Race!

At this moment, Shi Yu looked at the spatial ripples and his expression changed slightly.

At the same time, in the outside world, when they heard Lord Lie Shan’s words, the demigods of the Demon Kingdom and the Fallen Angel Prince were also in disbelief.

On the side of the Kingdom of Glory, the Hero King, the Holy Maiden of the Divine Radiant Church, and the others couldn’t accept it.

Demon Race!!

The divine-level cub that Lie Shanjun had sealed and fossilized was actually from the Demon Race?

On Blue Planet, there were currently five divine-level races known to humans in the Mythical Era. The dragons, phoenixes, and kirins in the east, and the dragons, angels, and demons in the west.

Among them, the dragons were thought to come from the same source and were considered a race.

As for angels and demons, they were very famous in the West. The demons were even regarded as synonymous with Unholy, Darkness, Disease, and Disaster. They were the enemies of all races!

“So be it. Is there a problem?”

At this moment, Dong Huang was very open-minded. Divine Source Legendary laughed. When he thought of how Dong Huang could have a new creature with divine-level potential, he felt even more excited.

Shi Yu had even included the Abyss Demon Duck in the clueless team. So what if another demon came?

Although the reputation of the Demon Race was poor, as long as it was cultivated appropriately, what did it mean? Wasn’t the reputation of the Mechanic class also poor in the totem country?

At that moment, as Shi Yu followed Lord Lie Shan into the Mythical Ruins, the gods led by the World Tree fell silent. Among them, the Demon King Dragon’s dragon eyes circulated for a long time before it spat out a dragon breath.

“Boring. Do we still have to wait for that guy to finish searching for the divine stone and finish looking at the Mechanic class? Can my trial begin first?”

…

In Lord Lie Shan’s Mythical Ruins.

This place was more like a continuous mountain. It was all a rock environment.

After Shi Yu followed Lie Shanjun in, he immediately saw the huge divine stone in front of him.

It was completely reddish-brown and looked extremely ordinary. Apart from the strong traces of time, Shi Yu couldn’t see anything special about it.

Lord Lie Shan stood beside this huge reddish-brown divine stone and said, “Wait for me for a moment. I’ll revive this divine stone.”

“This way, even without waiting for the Mythical Revival, it can break out of the stone after adapting to this era.”

“Lord Lie Shanjun, you just said that it’s a demon?” At this moment, Shi Yu couldn’t help but be interested.

“Fallen Angel??”

“No.” Lord Lie Shan placed his huge tiger claws on the reddish-brown divine stone and said, “The Fallen Angels are only angels who have fallen to the Demon Race. They’re just one of many Demon Races.”