Chapter 954 - 954 Enviable Reward

954 Enviable Reward

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

One of the three Mythical races in the east, the Mythical Race, the Wind Kirin!

Shi Yu had revived and created a legend through Mechanic methods!

At this moment, even the divine beasts were moved.

They first thought of a problem.

“You… can revive gods through Mechanic methods with the divine fossil as a medium?”

“In other words, if I find all the Mythical fossils on Blue Planet, you can pull up an army of mechanical Illusion Gods who have mastered law divine skills?” the Boar God asked.

This was simply even more ridiculous than its laws of life.

As soon as he finished speaking, the hearts of many totem clans skipped a beat. The Shen Feng Mechanical Legendary’s heart even twitched.

Wait a minute!

It was impossible for the Mechanic class he established to be so impressive. Why didn’t he know that the Mechanic class could also create a Mythical army!

Initially, many countries already felt that the fossil recovery technology was very ridiculous, but they didn’t expect that this technology could really touch the divine domain!

“In theory… that’s the case,” Shi Yu said.

However, in reality… Shi Yu felt a little pained.

After all, the most important thing was not the fossil recovery technology at all.

Fossil recovery technology couldn’t create Mythical races.

The main reason why Ling could become a Mythical Race was because of the “Mythical Revival” Skill.

This skill was the key. This should also be a skill developed by a super big boss in the Mythical Era.

Lu Qingyi benefited, and Shi Yu benefited even more.

To put it bluntly, he still had to add points.

“Although it can revive in theory, it requires a huge price.”

No one cared about the price Shi Yu mentioned. The totem clans looked at Shi Yu with bloodshot eyes.

Especially those totem clans who had a feud with Dong Huang. They felt that even Divine Source Legendary was not as threatening as Shi Yu.

If this guy grew to the legendary level, no, even if it was only the legend level, they wouldn’t be at peace.

“Could it be that… there are still a large number of Mythical fossils on Blue Planet?”

Upon hearing the Boar God’s question, Shi Yu was slightly concerned.

Although reviving required him to work hard again, Shi Yu didn’t mind at all if there were really a large number of Mythical fossils!

After all, every Mythical fossil might have a remaining divine skill inheritance like the Wind Kirin fossil.

After screening, as long as there were a few super skills like Wind Blessing, Nine-Colored Divine Light, and Yin Yang Millstone, it wouldn’t be a loss.

At this moment, as Shi Yu asked, the totem clans began to panic. They were really afraid that the World Tree and the others would take out a pile of Mythical fossils for Shi Yu to revive.

If that was the case, wouldn’t Dong Huang be completely invincible?

Fortunately, what the World Tree said next made them feel at ease.

“Unfortunately.”

“The corpse of a god is indeed the first preservation item.”

“But the Mythical Era was too long ago compared to this age. There aren’t many divine-level fossils preserved at all,” the World Tree said.

The Mythical Era was too far away. After that, Blue Planet encountered many disasters.

Just the asteroids hitting Blue Planet had happened several times.

“Moreover, the number of gods in the Mythical Era isn’t as many as you imagine.”

In the Mythical Era, there were only a few hundred creatures that could be called divine-level above demigods.

In war, there were too few bodies that could be left behind.

After the battle, there were less than a hundred left.

There were less than a hundred gods. After reincarnations, sleeping, and dying… There would not be a large number of Mythical fossils at all.

“Unfortunately,” Lord Lie Shan and the Boar God also said.

At this moment, Lord Lie Shan looked at Legendary Z again.

As for Legendary Z, his expression froze. He didn’t know what to say at all.

Machines could also be divine… Machines could also be divine. He couldn’t understand how such an achievement could be developed by a young kid from Dong Huang.

“Are there any Mechanics from other countries who have reached the Mythical Race?”

Lord Lie Shan’s words made the Mechanics of the seven countries extremely annoyed.

Not to mention Mythical races, even if there was a high chance of growing into a totem-level quasi Mythical race, there were pitifully few.

At this moment, many factions understood that Shi Yu, this bastard, had taken the inheritance of the fourth trial again.

Unacceptable!

The Mechanics were silent.

“Then let them out for me to see too,” Lie Shanjun said.

It was indeed still curious about the Mechanic class.

However, at that moment, the Mechanic contestants were no longer as excited as before.

All of them cried, feeling that they were accompanying the main event.

“As for you…” Lord Lie Shan looked at Shi Yu.

As for Shi Yu and Ling, they also looked at Lord Lie Shan.

Reward!

What was this big tiger’s inheritance?

Earth-element Mythical resource?

Lie Shanjun grinned and said, “What a coincidence.”

“Although there aren’t many divine stones left from the Mythical Era, I happen to have one here.”

“However, it’s not a fossil.”

“At the end of the war, I discovered a young god that had just been born and was on the verge of death.”

“Its unlucky dead parents asked me to petrify and seal it, hoping that it can successfully survive the war.”

“At the moment, it’s in a petrified seal state. After the Mythical Revival, it should be able to walk out of the divine stone again.”

“That guy is also a divine-level race and has mastered the prototype of a divine skill. Why don’t I leave it to you to nurture?”

“As the inheritance of the fourth trial, the real inheritance of a god.”

A divine beast cub?

“This…”

“How can that be?”

At this moment, everyone widened their eyes and revealed incredulous expressions.