Chapter 953 - 953 Machines Can Also Divine (6)

953 Machines Can Also Divine (6)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

In front of this monarch-level mechanical life form, he felt an indescribable pressure.

Dong…

At this moment, the world trembled, and an incomparably deep sound of laws appeared.

Unlike the weak sound of laws that could only be produced after Baby Ginseng was strengthened by its Beast Taming Talent just now, this sound of laws lingered in the wind. Its voice resounded through the world and spread in all directions. It was extremely close to the appearance of Mythical creatures. It could even trigger huge nomological fluctuations through space!

“Tian…”

“Well…”

The Elven Empress of Tingxiang and the Dragon God of Dragon Palace City were slightly stunned when they sensed the divine power released by Ling. They could clearly feel that its power was much stronger than when it was in Dragon Palace City.

If it was said that when Dragon Palace City had just awakened its quasi-divine skill where Ling was still very unfamiliar with mobilizing this power, then now, the Elven Empress of Tingxiang and the Dragon God of Dragon Palace City felt that Ling’s use of the quasi-divine skill was already approaching them.

“What’s this?”

“How is this possible…”

“I don’t believe it!”

In Shen Feng Nation, as Mechanics sensed Ling’s pressure, their expressions were filled with disbelief.

In the next moment, their eyes widened even more. Not only them, but even the expressions of Mythical creatures like the Boar God, Xuan Ming, and the Holy Divine Deer instantly changed!!

As Ling entered the Mythical Revival state, the wind of luck lingered. The form of the Rubik’s Cube was directly replaced. A deer-like white body and a light and slender creature slowly appeared.

On its body, some green patterns condensed into cloud-like hair, reflecting the image of the wind. Its entire body was like the embodiment of the wind, and its head was petite, gentle, elegant, and beautiful.

After it appeared, the flowing green-blue silk-like hair on its head also fluttered with the wind. At this moment, this familiar and unfamiliar creature appeared in front of them in the form of a mechanical life form. The pupils of the Mythical creatures suddenly constricted.

“The Kirin Race, the Wind Kirin in charge of luck! Impossible, weren’t they exterminated?”

“Wind Blessing… How can such a Skill still exist!”

“Wait…” The expression of the World Tree clone also changed. It knew that Shi Yu had used the mechanical phantom beast technology to revive the Wind Kirin, but it originally thought that it only had its form. It never expected that Shi Yu’s mechanical technology had even revived the strongest divine skill of the Wind Kirin Race.

“This…” A shocking wind of luck enveloped the sky and earth, and the power of a god spread on Ling’s body. Shen Feng’s Mechanical Legendary Z was completely stunned.

The expressions of the archeologists and Legendarys who participated in the previous archeological Conference also changed, especially Legendary Z. Their gazes exploded!!

Dogsh*t! Liar! Didn’t Shi Yu, this brat, say that the Wind Kirin’s revival wasn’t complete?!

There was a quasi-divine skill at the monarch level. Was this an incomplete revival?!!!

Didn’t they say that the seven countries didn’t lie to the seven countries?!!

“Kirin?”

“Wind Kirin!”

At that moment, the most shocked one was still Lord Lie Shan. It was very unbelievable… The Wind Kirin Race was the first to be exterminated in the early stages of the invasion war. It had not seen it for a long time. It completely didn’t expect that it could actually see the Wind Kirin that had mastered the wind luck in the future.

“How is this possible… This is a mechanical life form??” It couldn’t understand.

Shi Yu said, “This race is called mechanical phantom beasts. It can also be called mechanical illusion gods.”

“It’s a new mechanical life form created by me through the Mechanic method and using ancient fossils to revive.”

“Because it inherited the power of a god in the fossil of a Mythical creature, it inherited the power of a god and barely stepped into the God Domain.”

“From the form of life, it’s indeed a mechanical life form.”

Just as Shi Yu finished speaking, Lord Lie Shan’s expression changed again.

Pfft…

It took a step back, its entire body trembling. A smear of blood flowed out of its eyes and the corners of its mouth, revealing a shocked expression.

At the same time, seeing that Lie Shanjun suddenly seemed to have been injured, the totem half-gods and legendary experts suddenly revealed incredulous expressions.

What happened?

Why did this god suddenly look injured?

“No way…”

“Probably not…”

The expressions of the Elven Empress and the Dragon God changed slightly. Could it be…

Only the little white dragon in Dragon Palace City was the most excited. It was familiar with this!!

Back then, it was also killed for no reason when it fought Ling!

At this moment, the little white dragon was shocked. Holy shit, so the guy it was fighting was a Mythical cub?!

“That’s right, it’s the Wind Blessing!!” At this moment, in the sky, Xuan Ming said with a shocked expression, “Even among divine skills, it’s one of the stronger skills.”

“Is this the divine skill of the Wind Kirin Race…” Lord Lie Shan’s expression was ferocious as he said, “Not bad. This is the first time I’ve seen it. It can actually affect my state. If its strength was two levels higher, it might be able to directly heavily injure me.”

“Interesting… Mechanics actually revived extinct divine beasts?!”

It should be the one with the poorest Restoration among the seven gods. At the moment, it was the weakest. However, Lord Lie Shan still didn’t expect that the mechanical life form in front of him could actually rely on this inherited quasi-divine skill to directly affect its state!

Revival of Mythical power, inheritance of quasi-divine skills across races… This kind of method was rare even in the Mythical Era. Humans actually did it with Mechanics?!

At that moment, as Xuan Ming, Lie Shanjun, and the other gods spoke one after another, be it transcendent creatures or humans, they looked at Shi Yu and Ling on the arena and were completely stunned.

They suddenly recalled that the information Shi Yu was most famous for was still him being the creator of the mechanical phantom beast…

Everyone was stunned. This beast… Everyone originally thought that it was ridiculous enough for Shi Yu to barely help Baby Ginseng touch the domain with his Beast Taming Talent just now.

But now, seeing Shi Yu summon a Wind Kirin Beast that directly displayed the power of a god without any support and even forced a Mythical creature to bleed slightly, be it the humans of the seven countries or the totem clans, their mentalities completely collapsed.

The Mechanics who originally wanted to show off their might even looked like they had lost their parents, their eyes gray and white!!

What was wrong with this guy!!! Please, one of the gods, please take this guy in and stop let him participate in the world competition!! They really couldn’t take it anymore!