Chapter 950 - 950 Machines Can Also Divine (3)

950 Machines Can Also Divine (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

He was only a step away from invincibility, so Shi Yu naturally wanted to do something big.

“That… is it the Golden Bull God?”

At this moment, the expressions of some Western countries suddenly changed when they saw the four new gods in the sky.

There were four gods, and one was a huge tiger that was like a mountain. It should be an earth-element god.

A plant-element god was a huge tree that contained a rich life aura. It was definitely a wood-element god.

As for the dragon god, it was completely dark and looked like a Western dragon. It should be a dragon-element god with dark secondary attributes.

The tiger god and the dragon god were relatively unfamiliar with these three gods, but the metal-element divine bull among them instantly stunned many factions.

Just like how the east knew that the Dragon, Phoenix, and Kirin had a Mythical race in the Mythical Era, the west also knew some information about gods through archeology.

The Golden Bull was one of the twelve known gods in the Western archeological world. It was known as the god of battle. Archeologists had archaeologically produced Mythical Ruins that recorded its information.

This guy… was very strong… and extremely belligerent!

“The current situation is that we’ve already completed three of the seven trials we agreed on at the start, and…”

The Boar God watched the commotion and didn’t mind blowing things up. Its huge pig nose trembled as it said happily, “Moreover, they were all taken by a human.”

“My Flame of Life, Xuan Ming’s Abyss Seed, Little Deer’s Nine-Colored Divine Light Inheritance Crystal…”

Holy Divine Deer: “?”

“Oh?” “Alone?”

The earth-element divine tiger, Lie Shanjun, the Dark Dragon Demon King Dragon, and even the battle god, the Golden Bull God, looked at Baby Ginseng’s Beast Tamer, Shi Yu.

From the looks of it, this was the human who had obtained the inheritance of three gods?

The World Tree woke them up and asked them to help train and nurture humans. The gods had indeed thought of their own test method.

They could confirm that the selection method of each of them was different.

Boar God, Xuan Ming, and Holy Divine Deer, their power inheritance systems were completely different.

However, in such a situation, it was the same person who passed their trial??

Their gazes stared at Shi Yu for a moment. Could this be the “son of the era” of this era??

Even in the Mythical Era, at a certain time, a super genius who crushed the current era would appear. He was known as the one with the greatest hope of charging to the peak of the Divine level. Then, in the future, it was not strange for a genius with talent to crush the current era at a certain time.

This human could actually awaken them with “that method”. He indeed had some ability.

“Since everyone has already woken up in advance…”

At this moment, the World Tree clone had already vaguely sensed what was going on with Shi Yu’s talent.

That feeling just now was definitely not wrong.

Shi Yu should have eaten the World Tree Fruit it had given to the Seven Nation Alliance. It was a mental talent developed through the World Tree Fruit.

He was indeed a genius.

Although it had the support of the fruit that contained the power of the world’s laws, it was still a shocking talent.

Next, it planned to take extra care of Shi Yu. Shi Yu, who had obtained three inheritances in a row, eaten the World Tree Fruit, and the Undying Fruit, and obtained the Son of the Stars, was already the most suitable human to obtain the World Tree’s Blessing in the eyes of the World Tree clone.

Of course, if a human more monstrous than Shi Yu appeared in the future, the World Tree clone would also be very happy to take care of him. It didn’t mind having too many geniuses, but the premise was that geniuses like Lin Feng and Shi Yu could crush the current era.

For example, the Fire Dragon King couldn’t enter the eyes of the World Tree clone at all.

“Then, the progress of the trial should be accelerated,” the World Tree clone said.

It also knew that these gods were all in an extremely weak state. They would be very tired after waking up for a long time.

In that case, it would shorten the interval between the trials.

“1, 2, 3… In other words, it’s my turn next, right?” At this moment, the mountain-like tiger god’s eyes were filled with supreme divine might. Just looking at it directly made the blood of many creatures boil.

“The deterrence of this god…” The fallen angel took a deep breath. It felt that it was even more terrifying than the deterrence it sensed from Shi Yu.

“Yes.” The World Tree clone nodded and said, “Lord Lie Shanjun, have you already decided on the content of the trial?”

“Let me think.”

“That guy, Boar God, should be looking for the strongest fire-element creature in the future, right? As for Xuan Ming, it’s looking for a creature that can inherit the power of the abyss. As for little Deer, it looks like it wants the heir chosen by comparing the human Beast Taming Talents?”

Holy Divine Deer: “?”

The gem cat: “?” Don’t talk bad about the deer! Show some respect!

Lie Shanjun judged for a moment. Then, its stone-like tiger whiskers swayed, revealing his fangs.

“After thinking about it, I originally wanted to choose an earth-element creature, but from what you said, a new life form was born because of humans. It’s called a mechanical life form, right? I’m suddenly more curious about this.”

“Hey, who among you contracted a Mechanic life form? Summon it and I’ll take a look.”

“Is the human expert who created the Mechanic class here?”

“I plan to choose a Mechanic creature that’s pleasing to the eye and pass down my inheritance.”

Boom!!

As soon as this tiger-type god finished speaking, the expressions of the Beast Tamers of the totem countries instantly darkened.

“F*ck???”

It was an earth-element god and a tiger. Why was it curious about Mechanics??

It was said that cats were curious, but why were tigers also curious!

The tigers and earth-element creatures in the totem country could be said to have instantly fallen from heaven to hell.

At this moment, many contestants finally knew how strange the thoughts of these gods were.