Chapter 956 - 956 Enviable Reward (3)

956 Enviable Reward (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Just like how the Wind Kirin is a branch of the Kirin Race.”

“This guy, in terms of Stats and race, should be considered a poison-element demon race.” The corners of Lie Shanjun’s mouth curled up. “One of them completed a new evolution with the help of the cosmic virus on the meteorite in outer space. It’s considered an anomaly of the demon race.”

“Poison element?” Shi Yu was slightly stunned. “It can’t be related to the Abyss Evil God, right…”

If that was the case, it was even more impossible to keep it. One duck was enough to give Susu a headache.

No, even if it was unrelated, Susu probably wouldn’t like poison.

“It’s unrelated. The starry sky is filled with vast secrets. Not everything is related to the Abyss Race,” Lie Shanjun said.

“Speaking of which, you humans seem to still be visitors from outer space. Although you’ve already been modified into a native race, this talent is indeed extraordinary.”

“No wonder the planet took a fancy to you.”

Lord Lie Shan’s gaze burned. Sigh, it was a pity that it wasn’t suitable to fight in the starry sky. Otherwise, it wouldn’t have fallen asleep no matter what. Instead, it would have left Blue Planet with another batch of guys.

Thump.

At this moment, Shi Yu’s heart skipped a beat after hearing Lord Lie Shan’s words.

Just now, he almost thought that Lie Shanjun had said that he was a guest from outer space and recognized his identity as a transmigrator. He was shocked. Even the World Tree couldn’t see that. However, after listening carefully, he realized that Lie Shanjun was talking about humans. The entire human race was a guest from outer space.

It had been modified into a native race of Blue Planet.

Shi Yu’s expression was slightly solemn and frozen. He looked at Lord Lie Shan and said, “Just now… what did you say??”

“Humans weren’t native races of Blue Planet at the start??”

“You don’t know?”

Lie Shanjun was stunned. When it saw Shi Yu’s shocked expression, it immediately shut up. However, the corners of its mouth twitched. “Ah, forget it. It shouldn’t be anything worth hiding. I don’t know much either. Go and ask the World Tree yourself, just don’t say that I said it.”

“If you can obtain the blessings of the World Tree, it should tell you.”

At this moment, Shi Yu’s heart was no longer calm. He was a little shocked. Wait a minute, if humans weren’t native races of Blue Planet, where did the first batch of humans come from?

Was it from the starry sky, or was it Earth?! Or could it be that Earth also existed somewhere in the starry sky, a starry sky mystic realm similar to Blue Planet?

In fact, had the divine beasts on Blue Planet been to Earth? Or was Earth not that simple? Did a god on Earth Relocate to Blue Planet?

To be precise, Blue Planet and Earth were indeed inextricably linked. Many myths were similar. Even Shi Yu’s mind domain could only be cultivated thanks to the divine power of the ruins on Earth, let alone the characters similar to the iron-eating beast inscription he had seen on Earth.

“Perhaps the World Tree really knows the connection between Earth and Blue Planet.” Shi Yu’s expression froze. This was what he wanted to understand the most after transmigrating.

After the World Tournament ended, he hoped to obtain more information from the World Tree. If there was a connection between the two worlds, he didn’t know if he would have a chance to return to Earth to take a look. With his current ability, he should be able to explore all the ruins on Earth in a very short period of time.

Moreover… Shi Yu wanted to know if the house he bought with the loan had been auctioned off for him after he died. His heart ached. Who knew how long he had saved for the down payment?

“Alright.” At this moment, with a boom, the huge reddish-brown divine stone shattered the outermost layer.

Lie Shanjun retracted his huge claw and looked at the core of the gravel. Shi Yu also looked over.

At this moment, the divine stone looked like a transparent reddish-brown amber. Inside was a creature that Shi Yu didn’t expect. It was less than a meter tall.

It had a reddish-brown insect body and was covered in insect armor. Green virus patterns were all over the insect armor. On its forehead, there was a thick horn, and its handsomeness was close to Little Ji. Shi Yu was immediately stunned. This f*cking demon? Wasn’t this a f*cking Horned Beetle that stood up?

“Its race is called the Horned Demon,” Lord Lie Shan said. “You can make do with nurturing it. I don’t have anything else for you.”

Shi Yu: (F*ck) As expected, he didn’t like felines like this tiger.