Chapter 959 - 959 The Strongest Dragon Trial (3)

959 The Strongest Dragon Trial (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Sand Burial Dragon, elements of earth, undead, and dragon.

Its life form was extremely special. It was both an Elemental life form, an undead life form, and a dragon life form.

In terms of potential, most demigods felt that the Sand Burial Dragon might not necessarily be inferior to the Green Dragon Prince.

“A nobody?” The Green Dragon Prince looked at the Sand Burial Dragon and smiled in anger.

Indeed, the Dragonman Empire, which wasn’t a demigod faction, was indeed inferior to a large faction like the Eternal Desert. In the world, its reputation wasn’t obvious.

However…

Its eyes were red. The other party thought that the Dragonman Empire was weak, so it was wrong.

“You’re quite interesting too.” At this moment, the Demon King Dragon was watching the commotion. Seeing that the potential of the Sand Burial Dragon was not bad, it immediately said, “You guys, fight!”

Boom!!!

Under the urging of the Demon King Dragon, the Sand Burial Dragon directly started the battle!!

So what if it was at the totem level?

As long as he killed the burdensome Beast Tamer, the Green Dragon Prince, he could still win!!

“Roar!!!”

At the start of the battle, the contractor of the Sand Burial Dragon used the Beast Taming Talent “Spatial Gift” to strengthen the Sand Burial Dragon!!

This talent was evaluated by the Holy Divine Deer and the others as a seven-star talent. It could allow all the moves of the contracted target to have powerful spatial characteristics!

It was more comprehensive than the Nine Li Battle Beast’s Space Quake. It was similar to the talent of the Demon God Body. It was also at this moment that this Sand Burial Dragon directly had the four major Stats characteristics!

Elemental, undead, dragon, and space!

With such Stats, it was no wonder that it dared to challenge the Green Dragon Prince, who was one level higher than it.

“Space Gift!” The contractor of the Sand Burial Dragon activated its talent. It instantly etherealized and fused with the yellow sand, looking like it had disappeared without a trace.

“Roar!!!” At the same time, the huge Sand Burial Dragon swept up its strongest profundity!!

Life Corrosion!!!

Perfect proficiency earth-element super skill Absolute Corrosion, undead-element super skill Life Deprivation, dragon-element and Spirit-element super skills Dragon Soul Resistance, in addition to the spatial nature…

A sand dragon head dozens of meters tall that contained shocking might formed, shaking space as it swallowed the Green Dragon Prince.

As soon as it came up, the Sand Burial Dragon activated its super profundity.

“This is… super profundity…”

As the Sand Burial Dragon attacked, the expressions of the audience and contestants immediately changed. As expected of the invincible overlord of a demigod faction.

However.

“You do have some ability, but…” The Green Dragon Prince didn’t even have the intention to dodge. He directly stretched out his arm, raised his hand, and aimed his palm at the huge dragon head!!

Boom!!!

Everyone only heard a loud bang. A huge green tornado condensed and also swallowed the profundity of the Sand Burial Dragon. The profundity that shook the Void just now instantly made it difficult to even see the molecules that were instantly swallowed by the Gust under the change in the Sand Burial Dragon’s expression.

In just one round, the Sand Burial Dragon understood the difference.

“Its goal isn’t to fight head-on…” But soon, everyone suddenly discovered that at some point, the ground under the feet of the Green Dragon Prince’s contractor cracked with a bang, and a spatial vortex of sand appeared, as if it wanted to devour the Green Dragon Prince’s contractor.

Seeing this, the hearts of the members of the Dragonman Empire rose. But soon, their expressions relaxed. This was because in the face of the Sand Burial Dragon’s sneak attack on the human contractors, the expressions of the Green Dragon Prince and its contractors were very calm from the beginning to the end.

The contractor didn’t even need to etherealize.

He slowly lowered his head, right on the heels of that, raised his foot, and gently stepped on it.

Boom!!!

A huge pit dozens of meters in diameter directly formed. The ground caved in, and the ground trembled. The expressions of the Sand Burial Dragon opposite almost instantly trembled. Many others’ expressions also changed. They completely didn’t expect that the contractor of the Green Dragon Prince would display the attack power of an invincible overlord with just a step.

“Pfft…” As the leader of the sneak attack, it was the contractor of the Sand Burial Dragon. At this moment, with this step, he directly fell into the depths of the huge pit as if his body had shattered. He looked at the Green Dragon Crown Prince contractor floating in the sky in shock.

In the third trial, everyone knew that the dragon blood talent didn’t have any battle power enhancement for transcendent lives, but at this moment, everyone was shocked to discover that the one who obtained the enhancement seemed to be the human race itself.

Because of the dragon blood talent, not only did the contractor of the Green Dragon Prince reduce the difficulty of the contract with the Green Dragon Prince, but it could also share a portion of its strength. Its own strength was even more terrifying than Shi Yu, who had displayed astonishing strength in the preliminaries.

It was not a shortcoming at all. In fact, he could defeat most contestants alone.

“Die…” After capturing the attacker, the Green Dragon Prince didn’t show mercy, even if the other party was from a demigod faction.

“How dare you!!” The Sand Burial Dragon roared.

This battle was equally tragic.

In just a moment of confrontation, the contractor of the Sand Burial Dragon was directly suppressed and killed. The Sand Burial Dragon was even heavily injured because of this.

The Green Dragon Prince had no intention of stopping attacking at all. The muscles on its body increased exponentially. Under the frightened expression of the Sand Burial Dragon, it instantly arrived beside it.

A claw slapped over.

In an instant, the Sand Burial Dragon was swallowed by the endless storm.

“Why are they fighting?”

The Void opened, and Lord Lie Shan brought Shi Yu out of the Mythical Ruins. In the sky, Shi Yu narrowed his eyes slightly, afraid that the yellow sand would enter his eyes. He happened to see the battle between the two parties reach the most intense moment.

In just a moment, he figured out the cause and effect of the fifth inheritance trial.

The battle for the strongest dragon type…

Shi Yu didn’t expect to face a totem-level enemy so quickly. He couldn’t help but look forward to it.