Chapter 958 - 958 The Strongest Dragon Trial (2)

958 The Strongest Dragon Trial (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

It faced all directions.

At the same time, extremely arrogant words came out of the Green Dragon Prince’s mouth.

“Ants, the inheritance of Lord Demon King Dragon is mine.”

“Those who aren’t convinced, come up and challenge me!!!”

“However, before challenging, please be prepared to lose your life.”

“I can’t guarantee that I can control it well. The huge power in my body can not guarantee that the challenger can end the battle alive.”

Boom!!!

The Green Dragon Prince in the form of a dragonman laughed crazily. The totem-level power erupted from the inside!!

Buzz!!

With the Green Dragon Prince as the center, the dragon-shaped deterrence was like flames, sealing everything within a hundred meters of it.

The dragon wave that shot into the sky turned into a tornado and shattered the clouds. Amidst the shocking aura, one could vaguely see the Green Dragon Prince’s red and shining Berserking Eye.

Its contractor looked around coldly in the tornado and said, “Master, you’ll scare them like this.”

Bang! Bang! Bang!!

Indeed. At this moment, the overlords and legends looked at the shocking aura in extreme shock.

Not to mention Normal Legends and Normal overlords, even totem-level lives like the gem cat were extremely solemn.

“Hey, hey, hey.”

In Dragon Palace City, the Ice Dragon King found it difficult to accept. “Can such a guy really participate in the world competition?”

“Isn’t its strength a little too exaggerated?”

“How exactly did that thin human beside it complete the contract with it? Is the dragon blood talent really that magical?”

“This dragon is equivalent to the appearance of that Fire Dragon King after it advanced to the totem level. No, it’s even stronger than that.”

As the only two totem-level contestants in the World Tournament, the Green Dragon Prince and the Rubber Divine Tree had always been the focus of the various large factions!

Even if Shi Yu obtained four inheritances in a row, in the eyes of some demigods of the totem clans, in the eyes of some world competition champion candidates, he was still not as threatening as totem-level contestants like the Green Dragon Prince.

The thing that was threatening about Shi Yu was his potential. If Shi Yu was given enough time to grow to the Legend level and let him digest these inheritances, it would undoubtedly be the most terrifying.

However, from the current situation, Shi Yu probably didn’t have much time to digest it. At this moment, the totem-level contestants like the Green Dragon Prince, who really had the ability to crush all enemies, were the source of the fear of the contestants from the Ghost Sea, the Endless Sea Region, the Void Court, and the humans of the seven countries!

Even if the Green Dragon Crown Prince was at the overlord level, his strength probably wouldn’t be much inferior to them. And this guy actually successfully stepped into the competition of the World Tournament at the totem level. At this moment, even a monstrous race like the Fallen Angel wasn’t very confident in facing it.

He felt that if he wanted to defeat it, unless he also took the risk to break through to the totem level, the chances of winning were really not high.

Without a doubt, on the surface, the Green Dragon Prince and the Rubber Divine Tree were the contestants with the highest chance of winning the World Tournament.

After all… there was an entire level of difference!

“That bastard…” The Black Dragon Juggernaut looked in the direction of the Tyrant Dragon King with a burning gaze.

It was all because the news of the World Tournament came too suddenly. Otherwise, it could definitely nurture an heir not inferior to this guy.

“Is that dragonman learning from Shi Yu?”

In order to end the battle as soon as possible, Shi Yu also said ruthless words and directly killed the Fire Dragon King, making no one dare to challenge him.

And now, the totem-level Green Dragon Prince also said ruthless words.

For a moment, even some dragons who could be said to be invincible overlords among the contestants of the World Tournament became afraid.

“Divine Source, isn’t your Dong Huang very powerful? Punish it again.”

At that moment, sensing the threat of the Green Dragon Prince, Shen Feng Legendary Z’s expression was not good.

Divine Source Legendary remained silent and looked at the Green Dragon Prince below.

Then they would wait… for Shi Yu to come out of Lord Lie Shan’s place.

A mere dragonman… wanted to touch the faith of the Green Dragon?

At this moment, Inatella was silent. Countless factions looked at the Green Dragon Prince, and no one dared to fight.

If it were at the same level, most dragons would give it a try. However, with a major level difference placed here, many contestants first had to ask themselves if they had the strength to fight above their level.

“Let’s wait and see first.”

The seven countries were at a disadvantage in this kind of trial. When the legendary Dragon Tamers of the various countries heard the rules of the one-on-one battle to determine the strongest dragon, their expressions immediately darkened.

Whether the contracted pets could defeat this Green Dragon Prince in a group battle was another matter. One-on-one… was impossible.

As long as there were no restrictions on Stats and everyone was allowed to participate in the main competition of the World Tournament, the contestants of the seven countries probably had a trace of hope of defeating the Green Dragon Prince.

“Little nobody, you’re too arrogant.”

However, just as everyone was afraid of the strength of the Green Dragon Prince, to the surprise of the surrounding countries, someone stood out.

Eternal Desert!

Invincible overlord, Sand Burial Dragon!!!

“Roar!!!” A huge dragon dozens of meters tall and covered in yellow sand condensed into form with a sandstorm and suddenly roared.

Yellow sand gathered for ten thousand miles, and a huge figure condensed on the earth-element arena. In the sandstorm, under the dragon, a human Beast Tamer who looked like a desert race with a headscarf appeared with the Sand Burial Dragon.

“It’s the trump card of the Eternal Desert…”

Seeing this challenger, many factions were stunned. They didn’t expect the Eternal Desert to actually stand up and challenge the Green Dragon Prince.