Chapter 965 - 965 Must-Kill Target

965 Must-Kill Target

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Green Dragon.

Legend had it that it was a supreme god spirit that was on par with the Ancestral Dragon, the Dragon God of Creation.

Whether it was real or fictional was no longer important.

At that time, when the Green Dragon displayed the power to crush totems, communicated, and mobilized the power of faith of countless Green Dragons, the Green Dragon completely revived from the myths and legends and descended into reality!

The world trembled because of this.

As the Green Dragon Prince was insta-killed, the importance and fear of the various factions towards Shi Yu reached the peak.

After all, that was an instant kill at the totem level!

In the entire Blue Planet, how many people had such strength?

Even if a top-notch totem came, unless it was a top-notch totem close to a demigod like the Tyrant Dragon King and the Lava Empire’s Juggernaut, they wouldn’t dare to say that they could instantly kill the Green Dragon Prince.

And all of this was done by Shi Yu, who had yet to reach the Legend level. Which demigod faction present had never fought a Legendary Beast Tamer?

Which Legendary Beast Tamer didn’t display shocking talent and strength from a low level? However, none of them were as ridiculous as Shi Yu.

Although the Blue Sea Sprite was unbelievable, it was the strongest demigod that really existed.

Although the revival of the Mythical Race’s mechanical phantom beast, the Wind Kirin, was shocking, it also relied on the Kirin fossil.

There were traces!

However, Green Dragon…

The Green Dragon had never taken the initiative to develop believers. It was all because its myths and legends were too powerful and it was the Eastern Guardian God. Therefore, many factions in the totem era used the Green Dragon as a symbol of faith, as a political correctness, and as a badge to gather the hearts of the people and rope in an alliance.

It represented a supreme symbol, just like the imperial authority.

At this moment, what exactly was going on with the Green Dragon Shi Yu sent? Countless people wanted to know. If the Green Dragon really existed, it would definitely be a top-notch Mythical Race. How could such a creature become a pet!

“Impossible, definitely impossible!!” The Tyrant Dragon King suppressed the urge to be furious and still didn’t believe that Shi Yu had contracted the Green Dragon.

It had no choice but to suppress it because in an instant, since Divine Source Legendary, the Elven Empress, the Dragon Palace Dragon God, and many other Legendary demigods directly locked onto it.

Although it was known as the existence closest to a demigod and could give demigods a headache, it had no choice but to suppress its emotions in the face of multiple legendary experts.

“You really surprise me.”

The peerless Dragon God walked out of the Void. It didn’t expect Shi Yu to complete something that the Dragon Emperor couldn’t even achieve in his life and evolve into a green dragon.

“He… he…” As the cultivator of Emperor Wu’s pet, although Ji Mengzhu mainly cultivated Iron-eating Beasts, she had also seen Emperor Shi’s pseudo Green Dragon. It had always been a pity that it couldn’t evolve into the four holy beasts that could trigger the power of faith of Elder Gu.

Emperor Wu had once said that if four holy beasts could evolve, no matter which one it was, their strength would far exceed the Demon God Iron-eating Beast and they could easily crush Yun An. Unfortunately, they didn’t succeed in the end.

“What kind of creature is this!!!” At that moment, the most confused was still the Demon King Dragon.

“Green Dragon?”

“Why haven’t I heard of it!”

Not to mention it, even the Boar God and the other gods were the same.

This was also normal. The legend of the Green Dragon had started from the totem era and had never stopped for hundreds of millions of years. It was normal for a god like it, who had been sleeping since the Mythical Era, not to know.

Its huge dragon eyes looked at Shi Yu below, extremely red.

“Green Dragon, the Eastern God formed by the seven constellations in the myths and legends.”

“In the long totem era and the Beast Taming Era in the future, it was known as the peak Dragon God like the ancestors of the dragon race, the Dragon God of Creation.”

“What!!”

“Impossible!!”

Just as Shi Yu finished speaking, the Demon King Dragon refuted. How great was the Ancestral Dragon? Even if it was divided into two, its two bodies still had the divine power to create and destroy the world.

The other gods couldn’t accept it either.

Wait a minute… Could it be that the Green Dragon was evolved from those dragons who left Blue Planet and went to the starry sky?

Or could it be a god of another planet’s civilization?

Its concept was brought back by the creature that returned to Blue Planet?

“In the future… that’s indeed how it’s spread,” Shi Yu said.

“But it’s generally believed that the Green Dragon is a fictional god.”

At this point, the Demon King Dragon’s expression softened.

Fictional god?

However, it didn’t completely ease up.

The Boar God, Xuan Ming, and the other gods recalled the special power of faith just now.

Shi Yu said, “Therefore, just like how many dragons want to return to their ancestors, there are also many creatures who want to transform into dragons and evolve into green dragons.”

“In the totem era and the Beast Taming Era, countless Legendary and demigods have done this.”

“However, they all failed.”

“And I succeeded.”

Shi Yu’s words shocked the hearts of all the members of the seven countries and totem factions.

An unbelievable strange emotion rose in their hearts.

Indeed, no one believed that a Dragon God like the Green Dragon really existed and had become a human pet.

Being able to mobilize the power of faith was secondary. The most important thing was that the Green Dragon itself was the image of a supreme god spirit.

However, if a human Beast Tamer cultivated a pet to evolve into a green dragon and could barely mobilize the power of faith of the green dragon, then… that was completely unacceptable!!

“Why did this guy say such a terrifying thing so calmly!!” On the Seven Islands, a Dragon Tamer from the Green Dragon God Shrine had a stunned expression.

The Demon King Dragon opened its mouth slightly. So, Shi Yu had materialized and cultivated a fictional god comparable to the Ancestral Dragon into a real creature?