Chapter 961 - 961 Green Dragon God Relocate (1)

961 Green Dragon God Relocate (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Earth-element venue.

Dragon Trial.

Shi Yu was already standing opposite the Green Dragon Prince and its contractor.

At this moment, the Green Dragon Prince was the most confused.

“Human, don’t tell me you want to participate in this trial?”

“You want to challenge me?”

The Green Dragon Prince’s voice was filled with disbelief, as if he was shocked by Shi Yu’s courage.

“Huh?”

Shi Yu looked puzzled and said, “Could it be that I can’t participate in this trial?”

At this moment, the Green Dragon Prince was completely impressed.

He was amused by this arrogant and ridiculous human.

Not to mention it, the Boar God, Xuan Ming, and the Holy Divine Deer looked at Shi Yu in surprise.

Wait a minute, this kid, no way?

“You have a dragon-type pet?!” The Green Dragon Prince laughed very loudly.

At the scene, not many people knew that Shi Yu had a dragon-type pet.

Divine Source Legendary, President Lin, World Tree clone… They had all seen Buggy in the form of a green dragon.

The Fallen Angel’s expression also changed because it had once sensed a dragon might that shocked it in Shi Yu’s gaze.

As for the others, they completely didn’t remember Shi Yu having a dragon-type pet.

Iron-eating Beast, Butterfly of Imagination, Baby Ginseng, Sword Spirit, Blue Sea Sprite, mechanical phantom beast…

Although the Butterfly of Imagination had sometimes created dragon-element illusions, it was still a butterfly evolved by the Green Silkworm after all. No one would think about dragons.

“You have a dragon-type contracted creature?” Apart from the Green Dragon Prince, the Demon King Dragon was also very puzzled.

He didn’t expect Shi Yu, who had previously obtained the inheritance of the four gods, to want to interfere again.

To be honest, it didn’t want to pass the inheritance to someone who repeated it.

Moreover, it didn’t think that Shi Yu could defeat this Green Dragon Prince.

“Yes, so, do you want to admit defeat?”

“To be honest, I don’t want to send it to battle.”

Shi Yu looked at the Green Dragon Prince and said, “Because that might be very troublesome for the gods.”

“What a joke.” The Green Dragon Prince laughed and said, “Shouldn’t you be the one who should get lost?”

“That Earth Dragon was lucky enough to dodge the calamity just now, but you’re not that lucky.”

“Challenging a King such as myself, are you already prepared to die??”

Shi Yu said in amusement, “Do you want to kill me?”

The Green Dragon Prince laughed. “If you give me your ginseng baby to eat, I might consider sparing your life.”

At this moment, Inatella was like the calm before a storm.

99.99% of the people looked at the venue in disbelief, not understanding why Shi Yu was so greedy.

Could it be that Shi Yu thought that no matter which inheritance it was, it could be obtained as easily as before?

The competitors this time… were already completely different from the previous creatures.

“What exactly is going on…” Ye Xing, Divine Bell, and the others looked at Lu Qingyi in a daze.

“How would I know… Don’t look at me for everything.” Lu Qingyi was speechless and looked at President Lin.

He looked at the gem cat.

At this moment, the gem cat was also stunned. Did Shi Yu have a dragon-element skill? The Dragon of Imagination Skill seemed to be able to temporarily give Buggy a dragon-element skill, but did this count?

Oh, wait, that Buggy seemed to have broken through to overlord. Could it be that there was a new dragon element?

But even so, wasn’t it too difficult for an overlord to challenge a totem level?

After all, this Green Dragon Prince wasn’t weak. It might not even be able to defeat it.

It was very difficult for the gem cat to understand why Shi Yu, a kid it had always protected, suddenly challenged such a monster.

“Shi Yu… does have a dragon-type pet.”

President Lin said.

At this moment, Legendary Z and the other human Legendaries, including the Dragon God of Dragon Palace City, also looked at Divine Source Legendary and Shi Yu from countless distances.

They didn’t understand.

“Are you guys crazy?” Legendary Z said. He had just said it casually. Dong Huang really went to challenge? Moreover, it was that Shi Yu?

If Shi Yu died, who would share the mechanical phantom beast technology?!

Legendary Z was furious.

At that moment, Shi Yu became the center of attention.

After Shi Yu took a deep breath and heard that the other party indeed had thoughts about Baby Ginseng, he couldn’t help but smile.

“In that case, then…”

He looked at the surrounding gods, at the World Tree clone, and at the Demon King Dragon. “Dear gods, in this battle, I want to ask everyone…”

“Protect the venue to prevent the battle fluctuations from leaking.”

“Naturally.”

“Of course.”

“What do you want to do?”

Shi Yu’s words confused the divine beasts.

With them around, as the organizers of the trial, they were naturally the judges.

Battle fluctuations leaked?

With their control, how could anything happen?

Although the gods present were in an Enfeebled state, their Skill proficiency still existed.

It was not a problem to defeat totems.

As for the World Tree, it was the strongest demigod. In addition, there were so many demigods present. Not to mention the battle of overlords and Normal totems.

Even if two demigods fought, they could guarantee that the aftermath of the power would be controlled in an area range.

At this moment, when he heard the assurance of the World Tree clone and the other big shots, Shi Yu was completely relieved.

“Then let’s fight.”

Shi Yu grinned and looked at the Green Dragon Prince.

“Experience this battle well. This might be the closest you get to the target.”

He said something that no one could guess.

“Huh?”

At the same time, it made the Green Dragon Prince’s temper flare up. He looked at the human in front of him in disdain.

Even if a demigod stopped it, it would shatter this guy’s Beast Taming Space and grab that ginseng baby to eat!!