Chapter 963 - 963 Green Dragon God Relocate (3)

963 Green Dragon God Relocate (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Green Dragon!!!”

“It’s the Green Dragon!!”

“At that time, the Green Dragon God in the starry sky!!”

The legendary contestant of the Snowfield Nation, Irina, and her Star God Bear looked at the green dragon in shock.

When the God of War of Snowfield saw the green dragon image from the Space Bureau appear in Inatella, his expression was also filled with disbelief.

The world was in turmoil because of the birth of the green dragon, just like yesterday. Although the Snowfield Battle God knew that it was related to Dong Huang, he never expected that the one who completed all of this was not a new Legendary or a Titled Legend, but a level-six Beast Tamer who participated in the World Tournament.

A… newbie!

“This…” At this moment, even the Demon King Dragon was extremely shocked. It sensed a supreme power from this dragon. This power was not divine power or the most important power of the natural order to enter the Mythical Domain, but it was even richer than the power of the natural order.

Power of faith? Moreover, it had also seen many powers of faith, but it had never seen such a special power of faith. It was as if this power of faith was not only born on Blue Planet, but also from the myriad worlds.

“It’s even more complicated than the composition of the power of faith of the Blue Sea Sprite?”

This… this was a god of faith in the starry sky!

Realizing this, the expressions of many gods changed.

At the same time.

“Don’t you know it?”

On the green dragon’s head, Shi Yu looked at the green dragon prince below and said, “Aren’t you evolving towards the concept of the green dragon god?”

“Doesn’t the entire Dragonman Empire believe in the Green Dragon God?”

“You stole our power of faith. Now that the main body has descended, you… should understand what this means, right?”

Shi Yu’s words resounded in the sky.

It was like a god.

It made the gazes of the Green Dragon Prince and its contractor explode.

The creatures who knew the concept of the Green Dragon revealed incredulous expressions.

What was Shi Yu talking about?

It was impossible for anyone who could come to Inatella not to know what the Green Dragon was. It was the Eastern Guardian God, known as a supreme god on the same level as the Dragon Race’s Origin Ancestral Dragon.

Countless dragons were trying to evolve towards the Green Dragon. The Dragonman Empire was the representative. As a popular contestant in the World Tournament, how could everyone not know its racial evolution path?

And now, Shi Yu actually said… that his pet was the Green Dragon’s main body?

How was this possible!

Wasn’t that a fictional god!

Although there were many creatures who believed in the Green Dragon and had a long history, the concept of the Green Dragon had never turned into a creature. Since ancient times, there had been no creature… that could evolve into a Green Dragon!!

“You’re courting death!!!” At this moment, the Green Dragon Prince felt insulted and was furious to the extreme.

No matter how strong Shi Yu’s backing was, no matter how terrifying Shi Yu was, at this moment, it had the urge to kill Shi Yu.

Because… a wisp of fear appeared in his heart for no reason.

“Green Dragon in the Sky!”

“Great Dragon Attack!”

At this moment, the Green Dragon Prince had already noticed that the guy in the sky was just deliberately mystifying. This huge body was clearly multiplied. He couldn’t be frightened.

Unlike dealing with the Sand Burial Dragon, this time, the Green Dragon Prince directly used its strongest sure-kill move.

It wanted to crush this guy in front of it with absolute strength!!

Boom!!!

It raised its hand, and the totem-level power erupted. The dragon energy that shocked the world gathered in its entire body, wanting to compete with the divine dragon in the sky.

At this moment, Shi Yu sat down. The aura of the Green Dragon Buggy was instantly like a reversed river of stars that was restrained under the eruption of the Green Dragon Prince. At that moment, the Green Dragon Prince’s expression was extremely crazy. Beside him, the blood of the contractor boiled endlessly.

“As expected, it’s just for show.”

As soon as it finished speaking, the audience seemed to have entered its perspective. However, in the next moment, as a sigh that contained ancient vicissitudes sounded in the sky and starry sky, the expressions of the demigods instantly changed.

“It’s just for show, you say.”

“Then I’ll let you see… the true power of faith of the Green Dragon.”

Everyone’s vision turned to the huge divine dragon in the sky and looked at Shi Yu, as if they could see the golden light in his eyes.

It was a pair of golden eyes identical to the ten-thousand-meter-long green dragon. It was like the eye of a god circling in the ancient starry sky, staring at the small planet.

They even saw the light that flickered higher than him and even the green dragon.

An incomparably terrifying pressure descended from the universe!!!

At this moment, Dragon Palace City, Dragonman Empire, Dong Huang, the Seven Islands… In countless places with traces of the green dragon, all the green dragon items that had existed hundreds of millions of years ago flickered with light.

The mutation that caused Blue Planet to tremble previously happened again. In the Dong Huang audience, Yu Shu looked at the Green Dragon Ancient Pendant he was wearing in shock that was filled with light. He looked at the sky in disbelief and shock.

This bastard Shi Yu… was telling the truth…

The Green Dragon God their family believed in… actually became Shi Yu’s pet?

At this moment, Yu Shu smiled faintly and looked like he was crying. His values were even more shattered than when he saw Shi Yu’s ridiculous performance previously.

Not only it…

Any powerful creature that could sense the power of faith could see the vast power of faith wrapped in the light that fell from the starry sky.

Unbelievable…

Everyone widened their eyes.

Faith skill.

And it was… an attack-type faith skill!