Chapter 960 - 960 The Strongest Dragon Trial (4)

960 The Strongest Dragon Trial (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

He had long wanted to try that move…

On the arena, although the scene looked extremely intense, it seemed that the Green Dragon Prince was the one suppressing the Sand Burial Dragon the whole time.

“I admit defeat…” However, from the looks of it, the Green Dragon Prince was still not as decisive as Shi Yu. Although he ruthlessly killed the contractor of the Sand Burial Dragon, he couldn’t instantly kill the Sand Burial Dragon itself.

When the Sand Burial Undead Dragon admitted defeat, the demigod of the Eternal Desert quickly took the Sand Burial Undead Tornado away. It took its contestant away very smoothly, unlike how the Black Dragon Ruler was stopped by the Dragon God when it wanted to attack.

Seeing this, the Green Dragon Prince curled his lips.

“Where’s your aura just now?” In midair, the Green Dragon Prince looked at the Sand Burial Dragon that was swept away and revealed a mocking smile.

….

“They’re on completely different levels.” At this moment, as the battle between the Green Dragon Prince and the Sand Burial Dragon ended, the totem half-gods and human Legendarys had serious expressions.

If the Green Dragon Prince relied on Legendary resources to break through, its strength might not be that difficult to deal with. However, from the situation just now, this guy’s talent was impressive and his strength was incomparably terrifying. He definitely didn’t break through with resources alone.

At this moment, the rubber divine tree, which was also at the totem level, also revealed a shocked expression.

The strength of the Green Dragon Prince was undoubtedly too difficult to resolve for many contestants who wanted to win the world competition.

“This world competition…” The Eternal Desert demigod, who had swept away the Sand Burial Dragon, felt that the waters of this world competition were really too deep. There was no fairness at all.

How could they let such a totem-level creature participate?

“Its strength is incomparably solid. It’s a normal totem with extremely strong talent potential. It’s impossible for it to be defeated above its level.”

At this moment, the Black Dragon Ruler of the Dragon Empire couldn’t help but fall silent. It understood that even if the Fire Dragon King wasn’t killed by that bastard Shi Yu, it wasn’t a match for this dragonman.

At the same time, the expressions of the Dragon Palace people were also solemn. They didn’t expect that the Dragonman Empire would produce another genius with excellent potential. Could the Golden Dragon Crown Prince… defeat it? It would probably be difficult not to break through to the totem level.

“Hahahaha.” At this moment, the Demon King Dragon saw that the Green Dragon Prince had easily won and couldn’t help but look at it. “Not bad. Moreover, you haven’t used your full strength, right? Your physique is very special.”

“Yes.” The Green Dragon Prince was very obedient when facing a god.

“My dragon physique is a mixture of wood and water. My self-healing ability is strong, and I can easily communicate with the power of nature. What happened just now could only be considered a warm-up.” The Green Dragon Prince had an invincible expression.

The others were actually wrong. It indeed relied on resources to break through. However, apart from several suitable legendary resources, it also borrowed the power of faith of the huge Dragonman Empire to break through, so it forged an invincible physique.

The Green Dragon Prince was extremely touched that his father could give him the power of faith. At the same time, he was determined to win the world competition and the divine inheritance.

“Your physique is indeed not bad.” The Demon King Dragon nodded.

At this moment, when they heard that the Green Dragon Prince was only warming up by dealing with the Sand Burial Dragon, the dragon overlords’ expressions darkened even more.

“Are there any more challengers?” Seeing this, the Demon King Dragon continued to ask. In any case, it felt that it was about time for this Green Dragon Prince to accept its dragon bone inheritance.

The other party’s physique, together with its dragon bone, might be able to evolve into an extremely strong Dragon God.

Silence.

Inatella was silent.

The contestants of the Eternal Desert had looks of hatred, but they were helpless.

The totem-level Green Dragon Prince was too strong. The key was that it wasn’t a totem with an unstable foundation.

It was a genius totem.

In such a situation, the difference in level was impossible to cross.

“The reward for the fifth trial is an evolution dragon bone?” At that moment, Shi Yu, who came out, immediately learned the situation from Teacher Cat’s voice transmission.

His expression couldn’t help but darken.

F*ck, why were their inheritance rewards each more lousy than the other?

When he saw the Demon King Dragon, he thought that he could find a Mythical resource for Buggy, but in the end, this was it?

He had the Dragon of Imagination as an evolution skill and the Green Dragon inheritance as an advancement path. What was the use of this lousy dragon bone?

Even if it was Little Ji, it still had the fusion of the Earth Divine Dragon fossil. It had stable Mythical potential, so it might not necessarily need this dragon bone with incompatible Stats.

Shi Yu thought for a moment. Perhaps after taking it out, it could exchange it with Dragon Palace City and hand it over to Dong Huang to exchange for other resources it needed. It was its only place to go.

“Oh??” At this moment, the Green Dragon Prince also noticed that Shi Yu had come out with Lie Shanjun.

It looked at Shi Yu, this shameless human.

It was this guy who took away four inheritances in a row.

Although it had also obtained one, it still felt very unhappy with Shi Yu.

If it encountered Shi Yu in the main competition, it would definitely kill Shi Yu.

Even if Shi Yu broke through to the Legend level, it didn’t matter. This was because after obtaining the dragon bone, it wanted to transplant and fuse it immediately!!

At that time, its strength would definitely be stronger!!

At this moment, not only the Green Dragon Prince, but many people also discovered Shi Yu’s return.

They looked at the expressionless Shi Yu floating in the sky with Psychic power. Before they could think too much, they saw Shi Yu in the sky slowly land on the arena.

This scene stunned everyone.

It stunned the various gods and the Green Dragon Prince, making them unable to react for a moment.

“It should be the fifth trial now, right? The content of the trial is… to decide the strongest dragon?”

“Are you the strongest dragon now?”

After Shi Yu landed, he said to the Green Dragon Prince in an extremely calm but arrogant tone.

At this moment, the totem clans and the humans of the seven countries found it difficult to understand. They widened their eyes. No way, could it be that Shi Yu also wanted to interfere in this trial??

Wait a minute, this trial was fundamentally different from the four just now!!

In the totem country, there were only two totem levels, and they were powerful dragon hybrids. They had already targeted this inheritance!!

Even if they were also at the totem level, they might not necessarily be able to defeat the Green Dragon Prince with a unique bloodline. Even legend Beast Tamers and invincible overlords were helpless in front of it, let alone Shi Yu, who was only a level-six Beast Tamer!!