Chapter 968 - 968 Time Element

968 Time Element

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

A plant-type god was called the Eternal Divine Tree.

After introducing the trial rules, it looked at Shi Yu.

It didn’t have the strange temper of the Demon King Dragon.

It didn’t matter who the human who finally obtained his inheritance was.

However, Shi Yu had obtained five inheritances in a row, so it was inevitable that the Eternal Divine Tree would feel a little complicated.

Therefore, it looked at Shi Yu, who was watching the show beside it, and asked, “Human, you’ve already obtained five trial inheritances. Don’t tell me you also plan to participate in my trial?”

It remembered that Shi Yu really had a plant-type pet.

Although that pet was only at the monarch level, it had power comparable to divine-level resources. Its battle power shouldn’t be bad.

At this moment, with the Eternal Divine Tree’s question, Inatella Island was silent.

“Ah.” The totem-level contestant, Rennes, looked at Shi Yu with a pained expression, his eyes filled with fear.

No way, again???

It was a little panicked now.

Anyone who encountered a competitor of five consecutive championships would be very panicked, alright?

Shi Yu indeed had a plant-type pet, but wasn’t that a supplement race?

Its battle power must be very poor. In order to avoid becoming food for the Space Worm, it had to stay at home obediently!!

At this moment, the rubber divine tree had already made a decision.

If its strength couldn’t increase greatly in this plant trial, it would definitely have to surrender when it encountered Shi Yu in the main competition.

It didn’t want to be smashed to death by the Green Dragon meteorite.

Therefore, this plant-type trial was its only chance to change its fate.

Although it felt that Shi Yu didn’t have the right to compete with it, after watching five trials in a row, the rubber divine tree asked itself honestly. It was also afraid of a freak like Shi Yu.

It was afraid that he would cause trouble again.

When the Eternal Divine Tree asked this, countless gazes, regardless of their status, looked at Shi Yu, who had an innocent expression.

Shi Yu smiled and said, “Although it’s not good to take so many trial inheritances in a row, but…”

“But I really seem to have the ability to participate in this trial.”

“My ginseng baby is also very strong… Although it’s a supplement race… It’s not a big problem to fight above its level.”

The Crown Rubber Divine Tree: …

Bastard, get lost.

The Eternal Divine Tree:…

“Alright then,” the Eternal Divine Tree said indifferently.

As for Demon King Dragon and the other divine beasts, they looked at the many totem countries without minding the trouble.

That gaze seemed to be saying, “How can you tolerate this?”

….

As the plant-type god, the Eternal Divine Tree, finished introducing the trial rules, undercurrents surged in Inatella.

Apart from the fact that plant-type participants could participate in the trial to hunt the Space Worm and would definitely cause many factions to compete, it was also related to the divine-level inheritance replenished by the Eternal Divine Tree!

The candidate who hunted the most enemies and the highest quality would obtain the divine-level inheritance, the Eternal Flower!

The user of the Eternal Flower could increase their lifespan by ten thousand years, and their life force would be strengthened to the divine level.

The user would no longer Decrepify naturally and maintain their peak state!

Even humans could use it.

As soon as this inheritance was announced, the participants became even crazier.

Even Shi Yu was slightly moved. He felt that he could use it for Baby Ginseng to study.

“Origin.”

“It’s time for you to return the favor.”

“That Shi Yu is too much. He doesn’t take you seriously at all.”

In the alternate space where the half-god Juggernaut, the Genesis Tree God, was located, the Void was torn apart. The huge Black Dragon Juggernaut and the Tyrant Dragon King descended together.

Seeing these two experts descend, the Genesis Tree God’s expression changed as it looked at the Black Dragon Juggernaut.

“200 years ago, at the critical moment of your reincarnation, you owed my Dragon Empire a huge favor. We helped you clean up your competitors. Now, it’s time for you to repay the favor.”

“Now, your Origin Region and Shi Yu will definitely fight. Without the confidence to get first place in the trial, will he participate in the trial?”

The bark of the Genesis Tree God twitched. It was also extremely annoyed by this Shi Yu.

The Eternal Flower was a rare treasure for plant-type life forms.

It was still hoping that the rubber tree could give it a few petals after winning the championship.

In the end, Shi Yu, this bastard, wanted to interfere again?

Bullying trees was too much.

“Origin Tree God, the world has suffered for a long time. Do you think the Origin Land can compete with that green dragon in the main competition? This trial is the only chance,” the Tyrant Dragon King said.

“In the trial, cripple it.”

“We will all support the Origin Land to obtain the World Tree inheritance. As plant-type creatures, you are the orthodox!”

“Moreover, don’t forget that during the totem war, the Origin Land also invaded Dong Huang as an invader. When Dong Huang rises, do you think the Origin Land can stay out of it?”

“I know what you mean,” the Genesis Tree God said. “But these aren’t enough.”

“If you want our contestants to take action, you have to pay an additional resource.”

They had to pay more!!

After all, Shi Yu’s potential was there, and the Genesis Tree God didn’t want to casually provoke him.

“Sure!!!” The Tyrant Dragon King and the Black Dragon Juggernaut agreed immediately.

…

A moment later, the Thunder Crown Rubber Divine Tree received the summoning of the Genesis Tree God.

“Lord Genesis Tree God.”

The rubber divine tree had already guessed the other party’s intention of summoning it.

“Reyn, you should understand your situation, right?” the Genesis Tree God said to the rubber divine tree.

“Your only advantage among the totem creatures in the Origin Land is that you have a compatible human contractor.”

“If you miss the opportunity of this world competition, after returning to the Origin Land, you will quickly return to ordinary. You have no hope of becoming a demigod in your life, let alone breaking through to the Mythical Domain after the Mythical Revival.”