Chapter 962 - 962 Green Dragon God Relocate (2)

962 Green Dragon God Relocate (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Coupled with the Demon King Dragon Bone, it would stand at the peak after this battle!

….

On the venue.

Shi Yu was calm and composed. The Green Dragon Prince’s gaze locked onto it.

Both parties were waiting for the Demon King Dragon’s battle command.

At this moment, the Demon King Dragon was also very curious. It wanted to see what other trump cards this Shi Yu had.

“Fight!!”

After a moment of silence, the Demon King Dragon roared.

After the competition began, Shi Yu and the Green Dragon Prince didn’t say as much as before. In an instant, the Green Dragon Prince erupted with all its might, wanting to instantly kill Shi Yu and not give him a chance to summon his pet.

Boom!!!

Its figure and the contractor’s figure attacked Shi Yu at the same time.

On the spot, there were still afterimages of the Green Dragon Prince and its contractor.

Their main bodies had already appeared in midair and headed straight for Shi Yu, turning into a beam of light.

“Huh?” Seeing this, Shi Yu raised his head and looked in the direction where the Green Dragon Prince and the others attacked.

A trace of blue and gradually golden light appeared in his gaze. A shocking Spirit deterrence was released from Shi Yu’s eyes and hit the Green Dragon Prince’s heart.

Almost instantly, the expressions of the Green Dragon Prince and its contractor changed drastically. They stopped in midair and felt threatened, not daring to attack rashly.

Spirit connection, Green Dragon Roar!

“Roar!!!!!!”

As they saw a golden light, the Green Dragon Prince and its contractor seemed to see a green divine dragon entrenched in the starry sky roaring in their spiritual world. At this moment, with a crack, their bloodlines rolled like boiling water.

It actually… sensed that its perfect bloodline that simulated a green dragon and fused with a dragon and a human was suppressed…

An incomparably ridiculous feeling rose in their hearts.

“Impossible!!”

With a roar that confused everyone, a huge purple summoning array with a radius of a hundred meters appeared under Shi Yu’s feet.

At the same time, the weather changed.

The entire sky and world seemed to have darkened.

It was still daytime just now, but at this moment, all light was stripped away.

This ability to change the weather directly made the expressions of many creatures change. They realized that this was impossible for this to be the power of a monarch-level pet.

No, it wasn’t that there was no light at all.

Although it was night, the sky was dotted with incomparably dazzling stars.

These stars all flickered with shocking light. As they Blinked and the purple summoning array appeared, an incomparably huge body outlined the starlight and connected to a shocking image.

Its appearance made the totem clans and the humans of the seven countries reveal incredulous expressions.

“Roar!!!!!”

As Shi Yu summoned it, with a dragon roar that resounded through the sky, no, even the starry sky, its huge body was displayed in the green-gold light.

Its body was ten thousand meters long, and it occupied the starry sky. It looked like a dragon, had two golden horns on its head, and was covered in green scales. Its eyes and tail seemed to be burning with golden flames of Spirit faith, and its image was extremely shocking.

The huge aura revealed on its body directly made the voices of the overlords dry and their gazes explode. Even the Green Dragon Prince couldn’t accept it.

“This…”

“How could…”

“Totem?”

“Impossible!”

The totems, including the Tyrant Dragon King, sensed energy fluctuations that far exceeded ordinary overlords, no, those invincible overlords, on the Green Dragon Buggy.

It was as if Shi Yu had summoned a totem.

However, that was impossible.

Everyone saw Shi Yu’s level clearly. It was definitely only level six.

At level six, contracting an overlord above his level was already the limit. How could he contract a totem above his level?

At this moment, everyone understood that they were wrong, very wrong.

From the beginning to the end, Shi Yu had never summoned his trump card.

Sword Spirit? Blue Sea Sprite? Wind Kirin? Baby Ginseng?

Although these pets were also very ridiculous, they were still at the monarch level.

As for Shi Yu, he had clearly contracted a pet above his level. Since they were all contracted above his level, why didn’t Shi Yu choose those four to make them overlord level?

It wasn’t difficult to imagine. Everyone didn’t believe that Shi Yu couldn’t find the resources to strengthen them. The only possibility was that Shi Yu felt that this divine dragon was more trustworthy than the strength of the pets.

Everyone indeed discovered the terrifying power of this divine dragon and its shocking power that was comparable to a totem level.

At this moment, everyone present was more willing to believe that Shi Yu had contracted an overlord above his level, but this overlord had battle power comparable to a totem!!

Plop!

Looking at this shocking divine dragon, the Tyrant Dragon King, who was also evolving towards the concept of the Green Dragon like the Green Dragon Prince, also felt its pupils tremble and felt its bloodline being suppressed.

At this moment, everyone opened their mouths wide. Yu Shu and the others’ gazes exploded. Shi Yu really contracted a dragon?

Also… why did they feel that this dragon-element image had such an affinity and familiar wave?

“What’s this!!!” The Green Dragon Prince shouted in shock.

Putting aside its strength, why was its bloodline power suppressed by it?

At this moment, Shi Yu’s figure had long disappeared from the ground and was teleported to its head by Buggy.

Shi Yu sat cross-legged on the dragon head, crossed his arms, and looked straight at the Tiny Dragonman below.

Before he could speak, the legends of the Snowfield Nation and the Beast Tamers of the Snowfield Nation shouted in shock!!