Chapter 967 - 967 Must-Kill Target (3)

967 Must-Kill Target (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

While Divine Source Legendary, President Lin, and the others were excited, they were also worried. Aiyo, this time, Dong Huang was going to pull the hatred of the entire world…

However, only a fool wouldn’t take divine-level resources.

They believed that with Shi Yu’s current potential, he would definitely be nurtured by the World Tree as Blue Planet’s trump card. Therefore, Dong Huang hugged the World Tree’s thigh and was not afraid of any faction.

“Human.”

Just as Shi Yu put away the Dragon King Bone and Inatella was left panting, the golden giant bull god in the sky revealed an excited expression.

“How many meteors can you summon just now??”

“Looks like the power is pretty good.”

Its entire body flickered with light, and its huge bull body turned into the image of a humanoid bull. It rubbed its fists and said, “My hand is a little itchy. Find a suitable place later and let me warm up.”

“It must be very satisfying to smash a few meteorites like that.”

What!!

At this moment, as the Golden Bull God spoke, many factions looked at the battle god in the Western myths and legends in a daze.

Everyone was shocked!

What was this god trying to do…!

It wanted to warm up with the meteorite just now??

The corners of their mouths twitched. They felt that these gods were also very inhumane.

If these words were said by any non- demigod totem, they would sneer.

However, the one who said this was the Western God of Battle. They only felt that this god’s strength was unfathomable.

“My trial is this. Whoever can please me with battle and let me have my fill… Will have my inheritance.”

“Have you forgotten the order?” At this moment, the Golden Bull God was speaking excitedly. Beside him, the plant-type god spoke.

Upon hearing that, the Golden Bull God was stunned and revealed a bored expression.

“It should be my turn next.”

The plant-type god looked at the silent World Tree clone. At this moment, the World Tree clone already felt that there was no need to continue the World Tournament.

Could it be that these factions still wanted to continue fighting after seeing Shi Yu’s strength?

In any case, it no longer wanted Shi Yu to fight. If it attacked a few more times, Inatella would probably be smashed! The key was that it couldn’t prohibit Shi Yu from using it. After all, this was the Green Dragon’s skill.

The World Tree was already thinking about repairing the venue.

“My trial is very simple.”

“It’s a hunting competition limited to plant-type creatures…”

“It will test your battle determination and strength.”

“Opportunities are everywhere.”

“I’ll create a huge hunting barrier. Inside, I’ll place a few totem-level Space Worms and countless overlord-level Space Worms. They’re all reserve food I hunted in the invasion war. They’re already dead.”

“I’ll temporarily revive them for a moment. You’ll become their prey. At the same time, they’re also your prey. Every one of them has been modified by me into ‘nutrients’ that contain powerful life essence. After killing one, the life essence will increase your strength without any side effects. At the same time, by hunting the plant-type creatures with the greatest number and quality of enemies, you can finally obtain my inheritance.”

“You…” At this moment, as the plant god mentioned its trial, the Boar God and the other gods looked at it.

Especially the Boar God, who was drooling.

They didn’t expect this guy to have stock.

“What!”

As the plant-type god said its trial rules, the plant-type overlords were immediately excited to the extreme.

Trial of conscience!!!

This was obvious. All those who participated in this trial had soup to drink. Even if they couldn’t obtain the final inheritance, they could still obtain enough power by killing the enemy. Space worms… Things that could be regarded by Mythical creatures as food reserves. How nutritious would that be?

And the previous Boar God also used the Space Worm as food.

This clearly looked like a great supplement.

The plant overlords and even the rubber totems were extremely excited.

“Oh!!!” At this moment, Shi Yu’s eyes lit up when he heard the final two trials.

It sounded like he could participate??

Be it the plant trial or the golden bull god who wanted to fight him, he met the requirements of the trial!!

It was just that the upper limit of the difficulty of these two trials… seemed to be relatively high. It was probably not that easy to perfectly clear.

“Wait a minute.”

At this moment, as the plant-type god mentioned the trial, Shi Yu suddenly thought of a problem.

If he wrapped up the plant trial too, would it be bad? He would offend too many plant factions…

It was fine if they offended the Dragon Empire and the Dragonman Empire, who had a feud with Dong Huang, but not every totem faction had a feud with Dong Huang.

They could completely become friends.

For example, the Infinite Sea Region and the Ghost Sea had the possibility of becoming allies of Dong Huang because of the Blue Sea Sprite.

Shi Yu thought for a moment. Why don’t he let the other participants hunt the overlord-level Space Worm?

He let Baby Ginseng be in charge of dealing with the totem-level Space Worms and heavily injuring a few. This way, he could still give them a favor and let the overlords hunt them easier.

As expected of him. He was really a good person. When the time came, he could make another group of friends.

“No.”

Shi Yu’s expression turned serious again. Wait a minute, he was a good person, but when this group of participants saw that Baby Ginseng was also participating in the trial, they wouldn’t leave the Space Worm alone and come to get Baby Ginseng, right??

After all, the temptation of the previous ginseng baby was comparable to a divine-level resource…

Forget it, if one couldn’t even suppress that desire, it was not qualified to be Dong Huang’s ally. It was just that he could only let plant-type creatures participate and couldn’t kill them with Chi Tong. It was a loss, a huge loss. This was what troubled Shi Yu the most. It didn’t match his original goal of fishing.

At that moment, all the factions were immersed in the rules of the plant hunting trial and were relatively excited. However, among them, the gazes of the Black Dragon Juggernaut and the Tyrant Dragon King ruthlessly landed on Shi Yu.

When they saw Shi Yu’s happy expression, they found it unbelievable. Wait a minute, this bastard didn’t want to use that ginseng baby to participate in this trial, right??

Their eyes were red as they suddenly had a thought. As long as Shi Yu dared to let Baby Ginseng participate in this trial, they would make Shi Yu pay the price.

Find an alliance and ask them to cooperate with the Space Worm to kill Shi Yu’s ginseng baby in the trial and let Shi Yu suffer the pain of losing his pet.

Since Shi Yu dared to kill their people…

In that case, they also wanted Shi Yu’s pet to pay the price with its life. They didn’t believe that the supplement race’s monarch-level ginseng baby could be very strong.