Chapter 969 - 969 Time (2)

969 Time (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“This world competition is your only chance.”

“You have to take down the next trial no matter what. Apart from that, if you can do it, I’ll allow you to devour Shi Yu’s pet.”

The Thunder Crown Rubber Divine Tree, Rennes, was shocked. “But that Shi Yu…”

“If you’re afraid, you can never become a big shot. That ginseng baby, together with the Space Worm as nutrients and the Eternal Flower… You can almost 100% obtain the strength of a top-notch totem.”

“If you can heavily injure that Shi Yu in this trial, even if he sends out the Green Dragon in the main competition, you might not necessarily be his match.”

“And after winning the World Tournament and obtaining the blessings of the World Tree, the two of you don’t have to be afraid of Dong Huang at all. Moreover, our Origin Land isn’t afraid of the seven countries at all.”

“The difficulty this time isn’t high. Even if a monarch-level plant-type creature has a certain amount of battle power, it’s impossible for it to reach the strength of a totem.”

“Besides, you’re not alone. At that time, many totem factions will assist you. Even those Space Worms can indirectly become your help.”

The eyes of the Thunder Crown Rubber Divine Tree, Rennes, and its contractor, Carney, flickered.

“Can I eat that ginseng baby…”

In the entire Inatella, there was almost no creature that didn’t covet Baby Ginseng.

Even the owl and gem cat from the same camp drooled when they saw the ginseng baby. Even the divine beasts woke up because of its fragrance, let alone the enemies of the totem faction.

What suppressed their desire was basically Shi Yu’s strength and Dong Huang’s strength. However, the Thunder Crown Rubber Divine Tree didn’t expect that the Genesis Tree God would actually let it take a gamble, eat that ginseng baby, and heavily injure Shi Yu.

For a moment, the Thunder Crown Rubber Divine Tree’s thoughts stormed. In the end, the desire to become a god defeated everything.

“The bold bloat to death, and the timid starve to death.”

“I’ll give it my all.”

…

In the Dong Huang area.

When the Eternal Divine Tree created the trial barrier, Shi Yu was facing the reminder of Divine Source Legendary and President Lin.

“You have to be prepared.”

“In this trial, you’re very likely to be targeted by the various large factions together, especially when your ginseng baby reveals the aptitude of a divine-level supplement.”

“The Black Dragon Juggernaut has probably already found the Genesis Tree God.”

The two seniors were a little nervous.

After all, they couldn’t face the trial with the Green Dragon and the Panda.

Although Baby Ginseng wasn’t weak either, it was still not very stable.

Self-destruction…

Shi Yu definitely wanted to self-destruct to obtain the greatest benefits of the trial.

They knew that Baby Ginseng’s self-destruction had long had the battle record of killing totems.

The Black Meteorite Yak was killed by Baby Ginseng’s self-destruction.

However… Shi Yu should think about how to dodge the self-destruction damage first!

“Yes, I will,” Shi Yu said.

“It’s also a good opportunity to see who has ideas about us.”

“That’s true…”

The corners of President Lin’s mouth twitched. “We’re afraid that your ginseng baby won’t be able to control its Crowd Control well.”

“You saw it too. That trial barrier isn’t big.”

“If the participants of the seven countries and even you are also blown up, then…”

Shi Yu: Σ(°△°|||)_

On Dong Huang’s side, only Shi Yu and Lu Qingyi were qualified to participate. They were the only two who contracted plant-type pets.

However, Lu Qingyi’s Imperial Concubine Flower was only at the monarch level. Even with Mythical Revival and Spiritual Psychic power, it could at most display the strength of an overlord. The risk of participating was too high.

Therefore, Lu Qingyi didn’t plan to participate.

But in the other six countries, there might not be many Beast Tamers who contracted plant-type pets.

At that time, if Shi Yu killed them all, it would be troublesome.

“Wu…”

Shi Yu was stunned. “On my side, I’m confident of avoiding the damage of the self-destruction.”

“When the time comes, when I attract monsters, I’ll also control it to only attract Space Worms.”

“But if contestants from other countries still court death and want to join in the fun… I indeed can’t control it.”

“It’s fine if the contestants of the totem country want to target me together and blow me up together, but as for the seven countries…”

“If they’re here to help me resist the enemy and enter the self-destruction range, I’ll cry to death.” Shi Yu cried.

“Therefore, I want you to tell the legends of the other six countries. When the time comes, stay away from me.”

Divine Source Legendary was silent.

“I should go and talk to the legends of other countries first.”

….

A moment later, Dong Huang’s Mechanical Legendary Divine Source pulled up the mental network that connected the Legendaries of the seven countries.

He started the online meeting.

“Divine Source, what are you doing?”

“Don’t tell me he’s here to ask for help.” Shen Feng’s Legendary Z snorted.

In his opinion, Divine Source calling them at this time was most likely because it was afraid that Shi Yu would be targeted in the next trial.

They probably wanted to ask their contestants to help Shi Yu when the time came, so they could party up and farm monsters together.

Divine Source Legendary: “I’m just discussing the next trial with everyone.”

“As expected,” Legendary Z said. “Sure, but you have to share the technology of the mechanical phantom beast without holding back.”

Divine Source Legendary: ???

“Let me finish first.”

“I don’t know how many contestants are participating in the next competition, but I want to ask them. When the time comes, stay away from Shi Yu.”

Shen Feng Mechanical Legendary, Seven Islands Valkyrie, Elven Empress of Tingxiang, Ming Hua Death God, Snowfield Battle God, Rongguang Hero King: ???

“Shi Yu’s ginseng baby is actually very strong.”

“A few months ago, it successfully killed a Yun clan totem.”