Chapter 966 - 966 Must-Kill Target (2)

966 Must-Kill Target (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

With conceptual faith, becoming a spirit and becoming a god was not impossible. The Boar God, Xuan Ming, and the others thought of the Blue Sea Sprite. The Blue Sea Sprite believed in becoming a spirit, but…

However, there was actually still an intrinsic difference.

That was, the Blue Sea Sprite was a creature born on Blue Planet and relied on Blue Planet’s existence.

However, the concept of the Green Dragon was made up of the Seven Constellations of the East. How vast was that concept? Even if Blue Planet was thrown into it, it was only a small planet.

They finally knew why the power of the green dragon was so special. It was because at this moment, it couldn’t be considered a native creature of Blue Planet at all. Even if its original body was born on Blue Planet, because of the complicated power of faith, it had already become a cosmic faith god, a cosmic life form.

Such a life form had a huge characteristic, which was that it was not restricted by the power of laws on Blue Planet. It could fly freely into the starry sky, survive in the universe, find a suitable place, and enter the God Domain.

Blue Planet’s race level was no longer suitable to describe its potential.

Inatella fell silent again.

“Well…”

At this moment, Shi Yu was standing at the edge of the huge pit. Seeing that there was no movement, he couldn’t help but say in all directions, “Is there anyone else who wants to challenge the fifth trial?”

His words echoed in everyone’s hearts.

Suddenly, everyone remembered that they were still in the trial.

However, as they looked at the bottomless pit and the destructive power caused by this attack that almost destroyed the island, the corners of countless totems and overlords’ mouths twitched.

There was no doubt that the power of this attack was already comparable to the forbidden weapons of the seven countries. It could cause a fatal blow to a country.

As a competition to choose the younger generation, what was wrong with such an attack?

“Ji!!”

At this moment, everyone suddenly realized that Shi Yu had not retracted the green dragon.

On his shoulder, a little green worm that emitted a powerful aura was looking around arrogantly.

Its golden pupils contained the color of Holy.

Countless people opened their mouths wide. Wait a minute, don’t say… Could it be that this little green worm was the green dragon just now!

“Holy shit.”

Yu Shu and the others who were familiar with Shi Yu were even more shocked. Don’t tell them that Shi Yu’s Green Dragon was evolved from the Green Silkworm that helped Shi Yu dominate the Class assessment!!

Yu Shu: “I was beaten by the Green Dragon?!?”

This, this didn’t make sense at all.

“No, we can’t compete with it.” At this moment, no matter what changes happened, the dragons’ expressions were filled with horror. The Green Dragon Prince was a lesson. Who knew if Shi Yu would summon another meteorite?

Who would have thought that the Green Dragon Prince would be directly killed not long after being arrogant?

“You…”

At this moment, the Demon King Dragon was completely convinced. Did Shi Yu know what kind of power he had displayed just now?

Not to mention ordinary totems, even revived gods like them would have to spend some effort to shatter that meteorite in their current Enfeeble state.

Otherwise, the gods wouldn’t have been so shocked just now.

At that moment, the Demon King Dragon was directly numb. Just now, it was still thinking that no matter what, it couldn’t hand the dragon bone to the repeater. But now, looking at the situation, it didn’t seem like any dragon was a match for Shi Yu and the creature named Green Dragon.

This situation was unsolvable.

“Looks like there’s no one else.”

Seeing this, the Demon King Dragon was extremely uneasy.

“Hey, human kid, looks like no one is competing with you anymore.”

“But are you sure you want my inheritance?”

At this moment, the Demon King Dragon asked a question that it wasn’t confident in.

Even if a starry sky faith god didn’t cultivate any power of the natural order, it was possible to find another ability to break through to the divine level in the starry sky.

On the contrary, fusing with the evolution of the dragon bones left behind in his previous life would conflict with the current path.

Shi Yu… Was he willing?

“Of course.”

Shi Yu smiled. If he wanted it, he definitely wanted it, but whether he used it or not was another matter.

For example, he couldn’t use the nine-colored divine light of the Holy Divine Deer now, but he could let Teacher Cat use it.

There was also the Horned Demon Divine Stone from before. Shi Yu also planned to see if it suited his taste after waking up.

Including this Demon King Dragon Bone. If he didn’t need it, he could give it to others.

Speaking of which, he seemed to have promised Mother Dragon to invest a Legendary resource. After the World Tournament ended and he had strength, he would repay it double.

Wasn’t this… resources?

Mother Dragon took such good care of him, so he couldn’t be stingy!

Investing with Legendary resources to return Mythical resources!

Even if Mother Dragon didn’t want dark-element resources, Shi Yu could completely use the dragon bone to exchange for other dragon-element and ice-element resources.

At that time, bringing a Mythical Race, an ice dragon with the strength of a demigod, to transmigrate to ancient times to see Mu Huiyin and Emperor Shi could also make Mother Dragon look better.

“Okay.”

“Then… it’s yours.”

The Demon King Dragon’s heart twitched. It didn’t expect that in the end, it still handed the inheritance to the person it didn’t want to give it to the most. However, it had to admit that the other dragons present were all trash compared to Shi Yu’s green dragon!!

Buzz!!!

A black light flashed. A dragon bone was taken out of the Mythical Ruins by the Demon King Dragon and floated in the sky. Shi Yu’s Psychic power locked onto it and stored it in his Beast Taming Space.

At this moment, the various factions were completely speechless. There were a total of seven trials, and now, a total of five had already fallen into Shi Yu’s hands!!