Chapter 964 - 964 Green Dragon God Relocate (4)

964 Green Dragon God Relocate (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

In a situation where most faith skills were support skills and reincarnation skills, attack-type faith skills were too rare. Moreover, it was a faith skill that could mobilize such a terrifying power of faith.

“Dragon, Star, Group.”

As Shi Yu’s voice fell, all the spectators were stunned. This was because in an extremely short period of less than 0.1s, the light in the sky revealed its full appearance.

It was a green-gold light that looked like a meteor. It was like a divine dragon that had descended from the starry sky. It bared its fangs and brandished its claws, coming from the starry sky with an incomparably terrifying pressure!!

Looking carefully, the so-called dragon form was just flames produced by its friction with the atmosphere, and its main body was a small asteroid.

Shi Yu and Buggy had already tried their best to control the power. They had only summoned one asteroid. However, that hundred-meter-long asteroid still made the pupils of the World Tree clone and the divine beasts constrict, and their auras rose steadily.

At this moment, they finally understood why Shi Yu was so concerned about the security of the venue.

Even the World Tree clone was awakened by the fear of the meteorite hitting Blue Planet countless times.

“Impossible!!!”

In fact, from the moment light appeared in the starry sky, the huge pressure from the Dragon Star Group and the Green Dragon Roar had already locked onto the Green Dragon Prince and its contractor. Their expressions were shocked, and their gazes were incredulous. They felt that their entire bodies were trembling. The huge Skill condensed floated in their hands, but they couldn’t release it because their bodies were trembling.

“Green Dragon God…”

At this moment, no matter how slow the Green Dragon Prince’s reaction was, it understood that the Green Dragon Divine Dragon Shi Yu sat on seemed to really be the Green Dragon God that it had evolved towards as a target. An indescribable grayish-white color appeared in its pupils.

“No…” At that moment, the Tyrant Dragon King suddenly reacted. Its gaze was filled with disbelief. It directly shattered the Void and wanted to save the Green Dragon Prince, but the meteorite from the starry sky not only countered the Green Dragon Prince, but even the Tyrant Dragon King, who was also evolving towards the concept of the Green Dragon, also felt a fatal threat at this moment. Its gaze was shocked.

If it were other dragons, even the previous Flame Dragon King wouldn’t be countered like this.

They could only blame themselves for encountering the main body as pseudo green dragons.

Boom!!!!

The meteor fell, leaving traces of tearing space, as if it had divided Blue Planet into two, making the current Inatella look like a shattered starry sky.

In the eyes of the audience, the huge meteorite directly fell towards the Green Dragon Prince in midair. The unique skill it condensed in its hand was instantly obliterated into energy light the moment it came into contact with the meteorite. As for itself, under its incomprehensible shocked gaze, its body was crushed by the huge meteorite. It could only support the huge asteroid weakly with its hands!!

What made the hearts of the contestants and spectators stop was that even if the meteorite had yet to land, the aftermath of the power it brought seemed to be a totem-level attack. It was extremely shocking. At this moment, not only the Green Dragon Prince, but all the contestants of the World Tournament suddenly felt a life-and-death crisis.

“This guy!!”

“What the hell!!”

“Does this kid want to destroy this island!!”

In the incomparable commotion, everyone saw the seven gods and the World Tree clone standing in four directions, surrounding the entire venue where the meteorite fell.

A shocking divine power erupted from their bodies.

It formed a huge barrier, isolating the venue inside.

Under countless shocked gazes, there was a loud boom, and the entire Inatella produced an incomparable earthquake!!

At the same time, a monstrous tsunami almost instantly rose in the sea around Inatella Island!!

There were even dazzling light fluctuations that shot into the sky, piercing through the sky and shattering the dark starry sky, returning the world to daytime.

Only the extremely shocked Green Dragon God and the young Beast Tamer sitting cross-legged on his head pretended to be calm as they looked down.

In this attack, the Green Dragon Prince and its contractor had already disappeared.

A bottomless pit appeared on the ground in the area protected by the eight big shots.

The depth was unknown. Ten meters, a hundred meters, and a thousand meters. Many powerful creatures sensed it in a hurry in shock, but they didn’t know the depth.

At this moment, the eyes of the Tyrant Dragon King, who was also stunned just now, gradually recovered their clarity. Right on the heels of that, it was incomparably furious and shocked. In contrast, the Dragon God of Dragon Palace City, the Black Dragon Ruler of the Dragon Empire, and even the totem half-gods of the other factions looked at this scene in disbelief.

That attack just now… That attack just now…

It directly crushed the Green Dragon Prince into ashes.

Not a trace of aura or hair was left.

A solid totem level was directly killed in one hit.

As if it was nothing.

At this moment, be it the totem country or the seven countries, it was difficult to accept. No matter which creature it was, their hearts were shocked.

Buggy’s huge dragon eyes looked down. At this moment, like Shi Yu, it was very high!

It felt the shocked emotions from all directions.

It, the Green Silkworm, had already grown to the point where it could kill totems!

Not long ago, it was just dreaming, dreaming of becoming a green dragon soaring in the sky.

And now, its dream had become reality.

“Roar!!!”

A shocking dragon roar spread through the sky.

It was very difficult to imagine that such a terrifying creature was actually the pet of a level-six Beast Tamer.

“How can this brat be so strong?” The Seven Islands Valkyrie’s gaze was shocked.

“When…” The Elven Empress of Tingxiang had no idea about Shi Yu’s pet.

“It’s actually him!!!” At this moment, the people from the Dragon Palace, the Sea Dragon King, and the others finally knew where the origin of the change in the faith of the world’s green dragon was.

Now that this scene had already happened, no matter how difficult it was to accept the truth, everyone had to admit that what Shi Yu said just now was not a lie. He, his contracted pet, was actually really the Green Dragon God.

That fictional god actually appeared and even became a human pet??

This was simply more difficult for these dragons to accept than Shi Yu creating a mechanical phantom beast.

A level-six body, destroying totems!!!

Was he still human?

The entire Inatella was still swaying. The gem cat, the Ice Dragon King, and the other totems were even trembling in fear. They didn’t understand why Shi Yu, or rather Buggy, had become so ridiculous.

This didn’t make sense!

Under the shock, only Divine Source Legendary, President Lin, and the others were feeling their hearts bleed. As people who knew the conditions for the release of the Green Dragon faith skill, they wanted to know how much faith power this attack had consumed.

Although this paywall attack was satisfying, it consumed power of faith that was difficult to replenish in the short term.

Gulp.

At this moment, the contestants and audience of Dong Huang looked at the crack under their feet. The ground was still trembling, and they looked at Shi Yu on the green dragon again.

It wasn’t just them. At this moment, the people who thought that Shi Yu was overestimating himself by challenging the Green Dragon Prince just now only wanted to slap themselves. Ha… Hahaha… Shi Yu, this Shi Yu indeed liked to do things that ordinary people couldn’t do.

In short, he was inhumane.

Countless people’s eyes were filled with shock. So, were his footsteps really unstoppable?

At that moment, all the contestants of the World Tournament, even the totem rubber tree at the origin place, felt their bodies go weak. They took a step back, completely unwilling to meet this Shi Yu in the main competition.

Moreover, this was the case for it, let alone the overlords who were still very far from the totem realm. Although the pressure the Green Dragon Prince gave them was great, Shi Yu… was already a kind of trembling that came from the depths of their hearts just by seeing him!

“Sorry…”

“That guy was too strong. I could only use this move.”

At this moment, the culprit behind all of this, Shi Yu, slowly landed on the ground alone as the green dragon’s figure disappeared. He apologized to the divine beasts in all directions… Really, the green dragon prince was too strong. He couldn’t defeat it without faith and money.

But it looked like… Inatella was fine. Everyone was happy, everyone was happy.

F*ck!

The divine beasts looked at Shi Yu in shock and were already speechless.

It couldn’t understand what was going on in the future at all. The Demon King Dragon, who had thought highly of the Green Dragon Prince just now, was already stunned by Buggy. Its perception was definitely not wrong. That wasn’t the dragon of faith native to Blue Planet, but the starry sky faith god!!

It didn’t belong to this world!!

“Monster, monster, pervert!!”

This was… a human? And the pet he cultivated?

It wondered if its dragon bones… Were worthy enough for him to use for evolution…

logo