Chapter 979 - 979 A Lot Of Resources (3)

979 A Lot of Resources (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The foundation for adding points had increased.

After that, he could be a heartless adding machine.

At that time, his strength would be passable. He was still a little lacking now. Shi Yu looked outside, as if he wanted to look at the Black Dragon Juggernaut, the Tyrant Dragon King, and the Genesis Tree God who had ill intentions towards him through the Void.

For the time being, he definitely couldn’t defeat them…

“Damn it.”

When it met Shi Yu’s gaze, the Genesis Tree God’s heart skipped a beat and it was shocked.

As a nine-lives demigod, he was actually frightened by a level-six Beast Tamer.

“Berserk Dragon King, Black Dragon Juggernaut!!!”

At this moment, the most furious was still the Genesis Tree God. It was extremely regretful in its heart and didn’t understand why it had boarded the pirate ship of these two dragons.

Shi Yu had clearly displayed so much unscientific battle power previously, so why did it still have to rely on luck?

It didn’t feel that the rubber divine tree was dead, but it was worried that Shi Yu would target the origin place because of this. The potential and strength Shi Yu had displayed so far were enough to make them demigods afraid.

The stronger one was, the more afraid they were of death.

Moreover, the opportunity to revive the Mythical stage was right in front of them.

Without the divine inheritance, the World Tree Blessing would definitely be out of reach. They even offended such a monster. It was a complete double loss.

It was so silly, really…

“Roar!!!” The Black Dragon Juggernaut directly hid in a deeper space. The Tyrant Dragon King even looked at Shi Yu’s figure with a wavering gaze.

It completely didn’t expect that at this point, it still couldn’t affect Shi Yu at all.

“Now, no one can stop him at all.” The Tyrant Dragon King’s pupils constricted. It felt that it was even harder for it to affect Shi Yu under the multiple protections of Dragon Palace City and Dong Huang.

The champion of the World Tournament would most likely be Shi Yu.

Was there a need to continue this world competition???

The two greatest favorites to win the championship, the totem-level contestants, were directly killed before they could last until the main competition.

Dead before they could win the competition.

At the thought of its carefully cultivated descendant dying in Shi Yu’s hands just like that, at the thought that Shi Yu was the culprit behind snatching its believers, the Tyrant Dragon King found it unbearable.

It really wanted to transmigrate back to ten years ago and kill Shi Yu in his child form in advance.

Of course, those totem countries that had listened to the bewitchment of the Black Dragon Juggernaut and the Tyrant Dragon King but didn’t have their origins turned pale when they saw their contestants die tragically…

At this moment, when many contestants from the totem country saw Shi Yu, their legs had already gone weak. Even the trump cards of demigod factions like the Dark Night Forest and the Demon Kingdom had pale expressions. They had no idea how to participate in the next world competition.

Infinite self-destruction revival and meteorite falling from the sky, what was the point of fighting?

This wasn’t even counting the ridiculous Blue Sea Sprite and Shi Yu himself, who was also terrifyingly strong after possession!

Moreover, how could the Wind Kirin of the Mythical Race be weak?

Didn’t they see that a wind of luck made the divine beast bleed slightly?

If it was said that the various countries still had hope previously, but at this moment, when they saw Shi Yu kill two totems in succession in an instant, they were completely afraid!!

They felt that this world competition wasn’t f*cking for overlords to participate in!

Only at the totem level would there be an admission ticket.

Moreover, there was a high chance of being insta-killed by passing monsters. What the hell!

At this moment, the corners of the mouths of the demigods of the totem countries and the legends of the human countries twitched. Their hearts trembled. Not only were their citizens stunned, but they also found it very difficult to accept.

They didn’t understand why Dong Huang had such a monster. Why was every pet of Shi Yu so strange!!

At that moment, if there was anyone who was more excited and wanted to fight Shi Yu, it was probably the Golden Bull God.

At this moment, the Golden Bull God’s gaze was burning. Initially, it was still worried that the Green Dragon’s meteorite wouldn’t be able to satisfy it in the subsequent trial, but if this self-destruction that contained the power of fire and light was included… It felt that its blood was already boiling.

As expected.

It looked at Shi Yu. This person should be the one who could let it fight to its heart’s content after waking up.

At the thought of Shi Yu’s strength, the Golden Bull God couldn’t help but stretch its muscles.

A moment later, Shi Yu finished collecting all the Fruits of Life.

He brought Baby Ginseng out of the barrier politely and looked at the Eternal Divine Tree.

“…” The corners of the Demon King Dragon’s mouth twitched. It didn’t expect that the sixth trial would still be taken by Shi Yu.

This made it feel that the seventh one was most likely still Shi Yu. No, or rather, among them, only Shi Yu could make that cow acknowledge him.

“Take it.”

“Your performance… is not bad…”

Looking at the messy trial, the Eternal Divine Tree took out a seven-colored Eternal Flower that contained strong life force and threw it at Shi Yu.

“Thank you.”

Buzz.

When the Eternal Flower landed in Shi Yu’s hand, Shi Yu immediately felt comfortable.

Eat it and its lifespan would immediately increase by 10,000 years!

One had life force comparable to a divine level.

Pne would never Decrepify and maintain its peak state.

However, he only wanted to know if the eternal power of this divine-level resource could offset the additional points of the divine skill?