Chapter 970 - 970 Time (3)

970 Time (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“The skills are very powerful.”

“It’s probably not inferior to that meteorite.”

“And just like the meteorite of the Green Dragon just now, it’s not easy to control Crowd Control.”

“No, to be precise, it’s definitely uncontrollable.”

“I’m just worried that your contestants are too close to him and will be affected and suffer an undeserved disaster, so I came to remind you.”

“That’s it. I’m hanging up.”

Beep beep…

The Legendarys of the six countries were stunned.

Wait, wait a minute, what did this old kid just say?!!!

That monarch-level ginseng baby had killed the Yun clan totem a few months ago?!

What a f*cking joke!!

….

Boom.

Soon, the Eternal Divine Tree created a huge tree barrier.

The barrier occupied one-tenth of the island. The interior was lush with branches and leaves, and various strange plants grew.

At this moment, if many contestants and spectators wanted to see the situation inside the barrier clearly, they could only fly into the sky and watch from the sky.

“Participants, come stand in front of me.”

At that moment, after creating the barrier and reviving the Space Worm, the Eternal Divine Tree spoke calmly and looked at the contestants of the various countries.

Buzz.

On the totem country’s side, many contestants from the plant kingdom walked out.

One, two, three… Among them, transcendent life forms were all at the overlord level, and human Beast Tamers were basically at the legend level.

Among them, the strongest was the Thunder Crown Rubber Divine Tree from the origin place and the human Beast Tamer with the form of a tree sprite flying beside him.

In a short moment, 28 totem country contestants responded to the sixth trial.

However…

On the seven countries’ side, apart from Shi Yu, who followed out, the other six countries… didn’t move for a long time.

One by one, the contestants of the six countries stayed obediently in their country’s area and didn’t take a step forward. It was as if they didn’t want to participate in the trial.

At this moment, Dong Huang’s Divine Source Legendary, President Lin, and Shi Yu were stunned.

What was going on?

Why didn’t they come over? It was a rare trial where all the trial challengers had a chance to eat soup!

At that moment, the contestants from the other six countries who were qualified to participate in this trial had extremely complicated feelings!

Because just now, the legendaries of their countries urgently transmitted their voices to tell them to give up this trial.

“Will Die”!

In any case, with the rubber totem tree around, the chances of obtaining the final inheritance were 0.

Was it worth it to take the risk for a hunting game while they didn’t know the strength of the feedback?

It was better… not to participate!

Apart from Shi Yu, all the Beast Tamers of the seven countries gave up participating!

This scene directly made the Beast Tamers of the totem country feel disbelief. They didn’t understand what the seven countries were up to.

The Beast Tamers of the seven countries also felt that it was unbelievable.

They didn’t expect that other countries would also give up the trial on a large scale.

No, they had given up, but not completely.

There was also a participant from the seven countries.

It was the first Shi Yu to claim that he wanted to participate…

However, could Shi Yu really do it?

After all, their legends had all said that this trial was life-and-death.

Many totem-level Space Worms, in addition to the totem-level Rubber Divine Tree, indeed didn’t look like a good place…

In the Seven Islands area, with the Phoenix Exort Tree, the Phoenix Court’s Jie Yi, who could also participate, became nervous for Shi Yu.

They didn’t understand why the legendary of Dong Huang didn’t persuade Shi Yu.

“What’s going on?” At this moment, when they saw this strange phenomenon, the totem countries suddenly felt a little panicked.

“Well, Lord Divine Spirit, I’m very sorry. I suddenly have a stomachache.” Among the 28 totem country contestants who had just responded, an ape that looked like it was made of wood suddenly turned pale and immediately said.

It hurriedly dragged its contractor away from the trial point under the stunned expression of its country’s totem. Strange, too strange. It didn’t want to participate anymore.

The Eternal Divine Tree : “…”

“This…” At this moment, the sixth trial that revealed a thick strange atmosphere made the Genesis Tree God, the Tyrant Dragon King, and the Black Dragon Juggernaut a little silent. They didn’t know what was going on.

It also made the determined Thunder Crown Rubber Divine Tree swallow its saliva and become a little nervous.

Even the Eternal Divine Tree had a bad feeling. What… were they doing?

….

Soon, nine of the 29 candidates who walked out withdrew from the competition one after another.

This Jiu Fang basically came with the mentality that it wouldn’t be a loss to defeat an overlord-level Space Worm and leave after getting some benefits.

However, as Shi Yu was the only one participating in the competition from the seven countries, in addition to the fact that the Dragon Empire and the Dragonman Empire had previously contacted them to deal with Shi Yu together, it immediately made Jiufang feel a little afraid.

They kept feeling that something big was going to happen. They were afraid that they would be affected, so they chose to give up.

“Is anyone else leaving?” The Eternal Divine Tree was completely speechless.

Although the remaining 19 contestants were also a little nervous, because they had Quests, they didn’t dare to take the initiative to withdraw.

“Not bad.” At this moment, Shi Yu looked calm on the surface, but in his heart, he looked at the remaining 19 totem country contestants happily.

With max-level Psychic power and telepathy, he sensed faint killing intent on them.

To Shi Yu’s surprise, after the torment of the Divine Source Legendary, the sixth trial directly became an amusement park between him and the totem factions who wanted to hunt him.

“In that case, I’ll send you into the barrier,” the Eternal Divine Tree said in silence after taking a few more looks at Shi Yu.

It gradually understood what was going on. It wanted to see what kind of sparks could be created between these factions in the future.