Chapter 976 - 976 Time Element (9)

976 Time Element (9)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

At this moment, as the trial barrier created by the Eternal Divine Tree was enveloped in light, many gods opened their mouths wide. Many demigods watched all of this in shock, and the legends of the seven countries were even more stunned. They finally knew what Divine Source Legendary meant.

Self-destruction.

It was comparable to the self-destruction of a totem-level mechanical life form!!

This was the power of the top-notch forbidden weapon below divine restrictions!!!

Why!!

In the outside world.

The scene inside the trial barrier was extremely spectacular.

Cracks appeared on the trial barrier near the center of the explosion as an energy wave swept past.

When a deafening voice sounded, the energy barrier of the trial barrier directly collapsed. The flying energy light instantly filled the entire sky.

The nearby totems and overlords were shocked, their hearts almost jumping out.

At this moment, the entire island could see the huge explosive energy phantom that filled the sky in the barrier.

It was a white energy body that looked like a ginseng baby. It seemed to be ten thousand meters tall. It opened its round arms and had already broken through the barrier, as if it was hugging the sun and moon in the starry sky. It was very happy.

It was happy, but the audience was shocked by it. They were very shocked, and their ears didn’t work.

“Lunatic!!! Lunatic!! Lunatic!!!”

At that moment, the demigod led by the Genesis Tree God shouted crazily.

It knew that it was definitely impossible for the rubber divine tree to survive this attack when it was weak to fire.

They felt that Shi Yu and that ginseng baby were crazy.

He didn’t expect Shi Yu and the others to actually have such a self-destruction sure-kill skill.

Moreover, he actually sacrificed its life to obtain the divine inheritance for the Eternal Flower.

No wonder Shi Yu disappeared in advance. So he had run away.

However, was it really worth sacrificing a ginseng baby comparable to a divine-level resource for the Eternal Flower?

At this moment, the Genesis Tree God, the Black Dragon Juggernaut, and the Tyrant Dragon King also felt a sense of fear. They weren’t afraid of enemies with extremely high potential, but they were afraid of such lunatics with extremely high potential.

For a divine-level resource, Shi Yu could sacrifice his pet. What else couldn’t he do??

At that moment, everyone was stunned by the self-destruction strategy Shi Yu chose.

The strong wind of the explosion spread crazily. At a speed of hundreds of meters per second, it quickly affected the entire barrier, causing damage of different scales.

Although the destructive power caused continued to weaken, it instantly made the entire trial barrier into a mess. There were no longer any plants.

As the light dissipated, the participants of the totem country were clearly all extinct.

The overlord-level Space Worms was already gone.

There was only a huge totem incomplete corpse and four huge cosmic worms that only had the slightest life aura left, but they also looked miserable. They were relatively intact on the charred ground.

It self-destructed, killed two totems, and heavily injured four totems, causing them to fall into a near-death state.

After countless Space Worms died, life essence that filled the sky floated in the air.

Such a huge life essence made many spectators outside widen their eyes.

However, what shocked them even more was that a figure was standing on the charred ground like the totem corpses.

Who else could that figure be but Shi Yu?

Under the chaotic energy tide, Shi Yu’s short black hair fluttered. He looked up at the corpses and the life essence that filled the sky and revealed a satisfied expression.

At the same time.

The Time Mark was activated.

Under the gathering of the power of time, under the stunned expressions of all the Legendary, demigod, and divine beasts, a seemingly unscathed ginseng baby with a hexagram of time flowing in its eyes gathered in the sky again.

Its petals ignited with the rich flames of life. It was in an excellent state, and its pupils were filled with invincibility.

“Yi.” Then, it gently landed on Shi Yu’s shoulder and looked at the life essence that filled the sky with him.

At this moment, the eyes of the originally shocked Black Dragon Juggernaut, the Genesis Tree God, and the other half-gods almost popped out.

It wasn’t just them. At this moment, no matter who it was, they couldn’t accept that Baby Ginseng, who had just self-destructed and used its life as the price to unleash the Resplendent Strike, was actually unscathed at this moment. It appeared on Shi Yu’s shoulder again without any effect.

If that attack didn’t self-destruct at the cost of his life, how could it have such strong destructive power?

Those were six totems and dozens of top-notch overlords!!!

“Impossible, definitely impossible!!!” The Genesis Tree God shouted in shock. The Tyrant Dragon King’s face was filled with disbelief.

As for the divine beasts, they also looked at Shi Yu and the others in the barrier in disbelief. They knew very well what had happened just now!!!

“Time Skill.”

“After it self-destructed and died, it used a time-element Skill to reverse life and death and completed its revival!!!”

In the sky, the Boar God said in shock. Revival-type time Skill. Even if this skill was only super, its rarity far exceeded most divine skills. How could it appear on a ginseng baby!!

“Time Revival Skill??”

At this moment, as the Boar God was shocked, the entire Inatella looked at Shi Yu and Baby Ginseng in the center of the self-destruction with an extremely incredulous gaze.

It was difficult to accept and unbelievable.

There was such a Skill??

Even Emperor Shi’s pet had never heard of a time-element revival skill.

How could this Beast Tamer, this ginseng baby…

At this moment, the contestants of the seven countries seemed to know what the life-and-death crisis their Legendary mentioned was.

That wasn’t from the Space Worm or the totem country at all.

It came from Shi Yu, a demon who often used death as the price to let monarch-level pets self-destruct and destroy totems!!

He was a monster.

As for Shi Yu, he sensed the gazes of the entire island and understood that Baby Ginseng’s time mark had been completely exposed.

However, it wasn’t a big problem.

This kind of thing was the same as the Undying Fruit. If it was said, it might make the enemy more afraid.

He couldn’t help but raise his head and look at the Boar God and the other gods in the sky. “As expected of Lord Boar God.”

“My ginseng baby has indeed mastered a time-type revival Skill. It can revive itself countless times after self-destruction.” Shi Yu smiled.

As Shi Yu finished speaking, the entire island trembled.

The pupils of the totems and overlords who still wanted to eat the ginseng baby constricted and they suddenly shut their mouths.

However, in the next moment, what shocked the entire island was…

Not only did strong time fluctuations come from the trial barrier just now.

At this moment, in the direction of Dong Huang, a blue owl suddenly rose steadily in confusion…

“Lord Owl…” The teachers and students of Imperial Capital University suddenly looked at it.

At this moment, the most stunned was still the owl cat. After being stunned, it laughed with tears in its eyes.

“Today, I, a time-element overlord, advance to the totem realm!!!”

“As expected of me!!!”

At this moment, the factions on the entire island were even more stunned. Dong Huang… had another time-element totem?!