Chapter 975 - 975 Time Element (8)

975 Time Element (8)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Its aura rose steadily.

Energy Points: 99,990,000

Firstly, the Time Fruit was activated to the maximum.

A terrifying energy wave rose from its body.

This change didn’t make the rubber divine tree and the others care. They only felt that the current ginseng baby’s aura was even more tempting.

However, in the next moment, as the wood-element ginseng baby’s entire body was filled with flames, its aura became strange.

Boom!!!

Energy Points: ???

It directly exceeded 100 million!!

Baby Ginseng, who used the Fire of Life to burn its life force, had its energy level increase instantly. It was even more terrifying than the energy fluctuations on Eleven and Buggy!!

At this moment, it was like an eruption before death, making everyone suddenly look over.

“It burned its life.”

“You want to use this to escape???”

Be it divine beasts, demigods, or Legendarys, they discovered Baby Ginseng’s power at this moment and suddenly approached the totem with incredulous expressions.

A monarch-level ginseng baby’s strength could actually instantly reach the level of a totem. This was simply…

If it was the current power, it might really be able to erupt with stronger speed and escape the Devour of the Space Worm to let the Space Worm and the rubber divine tree meet.

However, what made many experts widen their eyes was that this ginseng baby that suddenly erupted with extremely strong energy didn’t want to escape with this power.

Instead…

In the next second.

The energy on Baby Ginseng’s body began to expand and explode.

Any creature present was very familiar with this familiar energy wave form change.

Self-destruction.

This ginseng baby actually started to self-destruct!

At this moment, the Black Dragon Juggernaut, the Tyrant Dragon King, and the Genesis Tree God were first stunned. Then, they revealed shocked expressions of disbelief.

The legendaries of the seven countries, the various divine beasts, and the various totem half-gods had shocked expressions. They couldn’t believe the change they were seeing in front of them.

Wait a minute.

Why?

Why did this ginseng baby choose to self-destruct?

It was clearly not in a desperate situation at all.

Using the strength of burning life force, there was still a chance to escape.

After that, it could also replenish its life force through various resources.

In the end, a series of eruptions was just for the current self-destruction?!

[This guy… Could it be… Why…]

At this moment, the one who sensed the most was still the Thunder Crown Rubber Divine Tree near Baby Ginseng.

It looked at the ginseng baby that had become a sun with a shocked expression.

They felt a hot wave coming from afar.

The Space Worms closest to Baby Ginseng were also stunned. Their bodies were purely stiff from the huge energy fluctuations.

Especially the Space Worm that swallowed the ginseng baby. It felt that it had swallowed a hot light ball.

Baby Ginseng’s domineering voice came from the light ball.

“Yi!!! (I’m the sun!!!)”

“Yi 1! (Sun and moon shining, explode!!!)”

First, through the super Skill Plant Control that was close to transcendent, it activated his potential to the maximum.

Then, it activated the maximum Time Fruit and the Fire Seed of Life and erupted with all his potential.

In the end, it ignited everything through the Moon Explosion Skill.

The strongest attack.

With a boom, Baby Ginseng fell like the sun. Endless strong light bloomed from the body that swallowed the Space Worm.

The entire body of the Space Worm was directly Devoured by strong light and flames. A terrifying energy wave shook the sky and earth, forming a spreading explosion. Everything in the range of the explosion instantly sublimated.

The entire sky first darkened. With a loud bang, it created a world that belonged to the night, changing the entire barrier phenomenon.

The dark sky and bright night moon made everything silent.

Right on the heels of that, a dazzling sun slowly rose and lingered with the moon.

Under the alternation of the sun and moon.

Boom!!!

The wave of the Moon Explosion swept out again.

Endless strong light spread in the surroundings. At this moment, the bodies of the nearby Space Worms suffered a destructive attack.

The rubber divine tree, which was relatively close, felt the fatal heat wave, and its eyes were still filled with an incomprehensible expression.

“Fire…” As it retreated crazily, the shocking flames in front of it still instantly arrived.

“What exactly is this…” At this moment, it still didn’t understand what had just happened.

At the same time, they didn’t understand why a monarch-level ginseng baby could release such a powerful wave when it self-destructed.

“I’m not eating anymore, I’m not eating anymore. Let me go…”

As it shouted in despair, its body gradually disappeared.

The group of Space Worms was undoubtedly instantly swallowed by the light.

The overlord-level Space Worms were almost instantly gone, and the totem-level Space Worms were also encountering an unprecedented impact according to their physiques.

As for the contestants from the totem countries who had left the battlefield at the start, they were still fleeing, but the huge explosion that inexplicably swept up from behind directly made them tremble to the extreme!!

They had no idea what was going on over there.

At this moment, their shocking desire to live made them accelerate again and escape into the distance with all their might.

However, the explosion spread even faster!

The light of the explosion directly enveloped most of the trial barrier with Baby Ginseng as the center. The destructive power caused by it completely destroyed everything in a breath.

The speed of the totem country contestants was not enough for them to escape such a powerful explosion. They were almost the batch of creatures who lost their lives the most pointlessly.