Chapter 973 - 973 Time Element (6)

973 Time Element (6)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Fortunately, under Ling’s prior calculations, there wouldn’t be any problems.

At this moment, Baby Ginseng, who had let its clone slip away with Shi Yu, stood on the ground and looked at the starry sky.

“Yi…”

It had to be it after all!

Buzz!!! Buzz!! Buzz!!!

In the next moment, the ginseng baby, which was originally only the size of a radish, used the multiplication skill!!

Boom!!

Its originally small body instantly multiplied to more than a hundred meters tall.

At the same time, a shocking fragrance was released by Baby Ginseng!!

Hu!!

In an instant, this fragrance swept in all directions like a tornado.

“Wait…”

“What’s that ginseng baby doing?”

“Where’s Shi Yu??”

“Roar!!!” “Roar!!!” At that moment, demonic cries rose and fell in the trial barrier, making many people not believe their eyes.

This ginseng baby was taking the initiative to release its nourishing power to attract the enemy??

“This…” Those from the Dong Huang Region, White Brook, Gao Xuan, and the others who had watched the National League were not unfamiliar with Baby Ginseng’s behavior at this moment.

However, it was precisely because they weren’t unfamiliar that they were very shocked and confused.

Shi Yu was pulling monsters again???

Why!!

It was fine if they pulled monsters in the National League, but they were all low-level transcendent and commander-level monsters. Shi Yu and the others could easily defeat them with Eleven’s deterrence.

But now, there were six totems and dozens of top-notch overlords here!

Was Shi Yu crazy, or was Baby Ginseng crazy?

Even with the Green Dragon’s previous attack, it wasn’t that easy to deal with so many enemies together, right?

Moreover, only Baby Ginseng could fight right now.

At this moment, not to mention the totem country and the various divine beasts, even Dong Huang’s own people, apart from a very small number of people who knew, had no idea what Shi Yu wanted to do.

“Is he crazy?”

Originally, they were hoping that Rennes and the other hunters would quickly find Shi Yu’s Tyrant Dragon King, Black Dragon Juggernaut, and Origin Tree God. When they saw Shi Yu’s ginseng baby suddenly take the initiative to attract the enemy, they couldn’t help but be shocked.

“Over there.”

At this moment, as Baby Ginseng changed, dozens of Space Worms in the trial barrier looked in a direction with burning eyes.

Including the five powerful totem-level Space Worms. Although they were evaluated by the Boar God as little soldiers among the Space Worms, with the powerful strength of the overlord-level Space Worm just now as a comparison, no one dared to underestimate these guys.

Even if it was a rubber divine tree, could it deal with one alone? The audience outside had a lot of questions.

However, at this moment, this group of monsters, and even the group of totem country contestants, including the rubber divine tree, looked in the direction of Baby Ginseng’s mutation.

They were all attracted by the fluctuations it released.

“Not good!!” Especially the rubber divine tree, Rennes. When it saw this scene, it accelerated in the direction of the ginseng baby, afraid that it would be eaten by those cosmic worms.

After releasing a wave of fragrance that filled the trial barrier and became the source of all hunger, Baby Ginseng quickly returned to its normal size. It began to hide underground, waiting for a large number of enemies to gather.

Such a strange scene made many factions’ expressions solemn.

At this moment, they could only analyze that Baby Ginseng might want to attract a large number of enemies to fight a chaotic battle and reap the benefits.

As for the other possibilities, no one could analyze them.

“Do you want to win with tactics?” Even the divine beasts came to this conclusion.

No one would think in the direction where Baby Ginseng wanted to kill all the enemies alone.

“Aba Aba, oh no, oh no.”

At this moment, when it saw a large number of Space Worms and so many totems and overlords gathering, the Prediction Owl was the most panicked.

It felt that Shi Yu’s strategy of luring the enemy and guiding them to kill each other might fail!!

Because this was too similar to its prophecy. Baby Ginseng would be chased by a bunch of totems and overlords… Then, right on the heels of that… it would be eaten by a totem!!

This… If its prophecy was accurate, Shi Yu and the others would be in danger!!

No, he couldn’t play like this. He would fail!!!

“What’s wrong with you?” At this moment, the gem cat saw the pale pupils of its old friend beside it tremble.

“No, this strategy is too dangerous. You’ll be eaten, eaten,” the owl said nervously.

The gem cat: “Eh, it’s stable because it has to be eaten!!”

The owl: ???

“It was eaten!! In my premonition, Shi Yu’s ginseng baby will probably be eaten by the totem. It… is in danger!! It’s going to die!!” The Prediction Owl shouted in shock.

It caused the surrounding Beast Tamers of Dong Huang to look at it one after another. Then, their expressions turned serious and their expressions changed.

Although everyone knew that the premonition of the owl was unreliable, at this moment…

From the current situation, there was probably a high chance of verifying the prophecy the owl had just mentioned!

“No way.” The expressions of Gao Xuan, Yin Zhengfan, and the others changed.

“Meow, meow, meow?” At this moment, Teacher Ying looked at the owl in shock. Wait, what did this old witch say?

Baby Ginseng that had predicted Shi Yu’s pet… would be eaten??

Wait a minute, did the Future Prediction of the Owl feedback its strength every time it succeeded??

Suddenly, the gem cat looked at the Prediction Owl with a strange expression.

At the moment.

Soon, a huge group of Space Worms gathered.

Facing such a huge group of Space Mutant Insects, Rennes and the other contestants of the totem country didn’t dare to get too close.