Chapter 977 - 977 A Lot Of Resources

977 A Lot of Resources

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Time element was known as the rarest attribute.

Even if the main Stats weren’t time-element, as long as the secondary Stats contained the nature of time, a Skill could easily become the skill of the strongest tier of Stats.

It was like the Heavenly Frost Cold Energy that froze time…

It was because of this skill that the frost dragon could easily live for more than two thousand years at the overlord level, still like a virgin.

Just time-element Skills were already so powerful, and pets with time-element and time talent were even harder to find. It was as difficult as ascending to the heavens.

For example, in this world competition, among the more than a hundred factions, apart from Baby Ginseng, no transcendent life form’s own Stats were time-element.

On Dong Huang’s side, a ginseng baby that had mastered a time-element revival skill and a totem-level time-element life form suddenly appeared. How could the totem country not be shocked?

Boom!!!

A huge aura bloomed from the Prediction Owl. The gem cat beside it bit its handkerchief and felt sour.

Back then, when it broke through to the totem level… it had accumulated decades of savings and had to face the threat of the totem before barely breaking through.

In the end, this hooligan inexplicably relied on Future Prediction to break through and become a totem. It really made the cat unhappy.

Fortunately, after obtaining the nine-colored divine light, it was a cat of another level. It was fine if the owl in front of it broke through.

“Holy shit.”

The situation at Imperial Capital University also shocked Dragon Palace City, especially the frost dragon.

What was going on…

Why was it that someone in the audience had broken through while Shi Yu was fighting to the death?

Logically speaking, shouldn’t Shi Yu and the others break through after farming monsters and obtaining a large amount of EXP?

“Totem level!!”

As the owl’s aura suddenly increased, countless gazes looked at it.

A moment later, the imposing Prediction Owl opened its eyes, and the power of the totem was undoubtedly displayed.

“Why do I feel that its aura is even weaker than my aura after breaking through?”

At the side, the gem cat’s surprised voice came.

Prediction Owl: ???

“Grandma, I’m not a battle-type pet!” the Prediction Owl shouted.

The totem countries did not react to the fact that the totem aura of the Prediction Owl was not strong.

They were still secretly shocked.

This was very normal.

It could be said that even if a time element appeared, its other aspects would be restricted because its ability was too BUG-like.

For example, the price of the Time Sprite mastering a divine skill like Space-time Travel was that its strength couldn’t be too strong, or it would interfere with the Space-time Law.

For example, the Prediction Owl had mastered a time-element Skill like Future Prediction. Apart from that, it didn’t have any other powerful attack methods.

It could only rely on Future Prediction to predict battles. It was almost impossible to destroy a city with a big move.

In the past few thousand years, be it the seven countries or the totem country, there seemed to be only one expert who could use the time element to explosive battle power.

Dong Huang’s first Legendary Emperor, Emperor Shi.

Only his time-element pet really displayed the power of time.

Pioneers were often the most difficult. As the first legendary Beast Tamer to establish the human countries, the predicament Emperor Shi faced at that time was far more difficult than the other emperors. However, he still swept through the east. Among them, the contribution of the time element could not be said to be small.

As for the future… Even a powerful legend with time talent like the first principal of the Imperial Capital University only had a thing like the Prediction Owl.

However, these were all in the past.

Although the owl’s aura had decreased, many gazes swallowed their saliva again and looked at the messy trial barrier.

Most people didn’t expect that this pet that looked like a “ginseng baby” actually had a time element!!

At the moment, people could only call it Baby Ginseng.

Its race definitely couldn’t be a ginseng baby.

Which ginseng baby’s ginseng flower could ignite all its life flames like the Sun Flower?

Which ginseng baby’s green eyes could have the pattern of a time hexagram?

Obviously, this was also a monster wearing a supplement race as sheepskin!!

Everyone could actually accept that such a race had mutated and evolved into a time-element race. After all, it was nothing for the time-element to give a supplement race.

However, what made everyone’s teeth hurt was that the explosive skills of this supplement race were ridiculously high!

Moreover, it had mastered the self-destruction skill!

After a monarch-level pet in its initial state self-destructed, its power was actually comparable to the self-destruction of a totem-level life form? Was this reasonable?

“How exactly did he train the pet!”

Even the ancient senior, Ji Mengzhu, who had seen Shi Yu blow up a totem with her own eyes, couldn’t help but be stunned again.

They felt that the power of this self-destruction was even greater than that time.

In the trial barrier, Shi Yu and the others were also very satisfied with the power of the self-destruction.

He felt that the Skill wasn’t for nothing.

The Fire of Life that was close to perfect proficiency, plant control that was close to transcendent proficiency… This was the fundamental reason why Baby Ginseng’s self-destruction power was comparable to the self-destruction of a totem-level life form!

At that moment, Baby Ginseng completely modified itself into the strongest forbidden weapon.

Hu hu hu…

Under the energy tide, Shi Yu and Baby Ginseng were between a pile of huge corpses.

Life essence floated in the sky.

These were all condensed by the Space Worms that had been modified by the Eternal Divine Tree.

“Tough.”

At this moment, Shi Yu revealed a difficult expression in the face of so many nutrients.