Chapter 972 - 972 Time Element (5)

972 Time Element (5)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Not bad, not bad.” The rubber divine tree’s eyes lit up. If that was the case, as long as he defeated most of the Space Worms and ate that ginseng baby, he might really have a chance to have the strength of a top-notch totem…

“We have to find that Shi Yu immediately.”

The rubber divine tree was very worried that Shi Yu had provoked a totem-level Space Worm during the process of hunting the overlord-level Space Worm, causing that ginseng baby to be eaten by someone other than it.

If that was the case, it would be a huge loss.

“Where’s Shi Yu?”

It wasn’t just the rubber divine tree.

As the Teleportation continued, many people’s gazes began to search for Shi Yu.

After all, everyone knew that many candidates definitely wouldn’t let Shi Yu’s trial go so smoothly.

“Yi.”

“This is the Space Worm.”

At this moment, Shi Yu, who was in the barrier, also saw the Space Worm near him.

It was a Space Worm that looked like a huge locust. Its body also contained the characteristics of various races. Bats, eagles, dragons… It was very strange. At the moment, it was staring at Shi Yu and the others with bloodthirst.

His entire body trembled.

This was excitement.

At the moment, the revived Space Worms only had the most instinctive desire to hunt and fight. Therefore, the only thing they could sense was whether the creature in front of them could provide them with huge nutrition after eating it.

Without a doubt, Shi Yu and the ginseng baby on his shoulder were rare supplements for the Space Worm in front of him. They were far more excited than the other Space Worms when they saw the other contestants.

“What will they do…”

At this moment, seeing that Shi Yu and Baby Ginseng had encountered a cosmic worm that even top-notch overlords found difficult to deal with, the audience of the various countries became serious.

If it were that green dragon, they believed that it should be able to win as easily as the rubber divine tree, but at this moment, Shi Yu only had Baby Ginseng as a plant-type pet…

“Baby Ginseng, Light Clearing Cannon.”

Shi Yu stood on the spot. Baby Ginseng was still sitting on Shi Yu’s shoulder. Everyone saw that when the Space Worm in front of them turned into an afterimage and flew over, Baby Ginseng also raised its hand.

Almost instantly, high-level skills such as the Time Fruit and Clear Sky were activated.

The sun in the starry sky was even more dazzling.

Baby Ginseng’s level had also reached the overlord level. Moreover, under the enhancement of the max-level sunny day, it released an energy storage beam that was also at the Dao Proficiency proficiency.

A ball of light the size of a marble and containing terrifying power instantly appeared in front of Baby Ginseng’s fingertip.

A dazzling light and surging energy suddenly spewed out, turning into an extended pillar of light that sent the flying cosmic worm flying!!

Crack!!!

With a sound of its body shattering, the body of the Space Worm in the air caved in. It was suddenly sent flying by this pillar of light, smashing several huge trees. Seeing this, the contestants of the seven countries widened their eyes.

This was a f*cking monarch-level supplement ginseng baby?

In a single exchange, it repelled the Space Worm, forming a sharp contrast to the overlord-level Big Light Flower that scraped the Space Worm just now.

However.

“Not enough!!!” Suddenly, some people quickly discovered that although the Space Worm was penetrated by a single attack and had considerable injuries on its body, it quickly flew up again without any major injuries.

It looked at Shi Yu and Baby Ginseng even more cruelly.

Seeing this, Shi Yu and Baby Ginseng pondered slightly.

Its physical strength was indeed strong.

“No, Shi Yu and the others’ attacks can’t deal a fatal blow to that Space Worm…”

“However, the attack power can already cause greater damage and is already stronger than most contestants. It shouldn’t be difficult to defeat the Space Worm after a battle, right?”

If it were in the past, no one would have dared to guess that a monarch-level supplement pet could defeat an overlord-level Space Worm. However, at this moment, they actually felt that it wasn’t that difficult to accept.

However, what stunned everyone was…

“Baby Ginseng, let’s go.”

It would take too much effort to solve it. It wasn’t worth it.

He would wait to wipe them all out all at once.

Without another word, Shi Yu and Baby Ginseng activated the Earth Escape Skill and burrowed underground together. In front of this locust-type Space Worm… they ran away… They ran away…

They directly used Earth Escape to escape.

“Ji!!!” Seeing this, not only was the audience stunned, but even the Space Worm was stunned. Then, it chased angrily, using its shocking strength to hit the ground and its sharp claws to burrow into the ground to chase after the food.

But clearly, this worm wasn’t good at digging holes, and it didn’t have the genes of a race that was good at underground battles. It was more like an earthworm.

“He ran away?”

“What’s going on?”

“Holy shit, what’s going on?”

Shi Yu chose to avoid the battle when facing an overlord-level Space Worm, immediately stunning the contestants of the seven countries. It also made the contestants of the totem country look confused.

Wait a minute.

Please don’t tell them that Shi Yu’s strategy in this trial was to watch the other contestants fight the Space Worms. Then, he would hide underground and find an opportunity to pick up scraps.

At this moment, the legendaries of the other six countries even suspected that Divine Source was lying to them.

A moment later.

Under everyone’s stunned gaze, Baby Ginseng’s figure appeared on the ground again. However, Shi Yu’s figure didn’t appear again.

It seemed like… He was still underground.

Shi Yu had no choice. If he wanted to avoid the damage of the self-destruction but wasn’t allowed to use equipment, he could only use Earth Escape and a certain safe distance from Baby Ginseng’s main body…