Chapter 974 - 974 Time Element (7)

974 Time Element (7)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

After all, it would be bad if this group of Space Worms targeted them.

“Could it be that that bastard wants to use others to kill us and use the Space Worm to deal with us?” At this moment, the rubber divine tree, Rennes, thought of this possibility and couldn’t help but be shocked and furious.

This was clearly their plan.

Shi Yu had actually made the first move.

However, weren’t Shi Yu and the others worried about attracting death if they used Baby Ginseng to lure these Space Worms?

At that moment, with the five totem-level Space Worms in the lead, a large number of Space Worms had already gathered here.

However, when they looked at the source of the fragrance that suddenly disappeared, they couldn’t help but be extremely irritable.

For the Space Worms that had no rationality and no transcendent power at this moment, although they had all their strength, it was still too difficult to find a ginseng baby that used the power of time and Earth Escape to hide its aura.

Therefore, if used appropriately, this group of Space Worms could indeed be used as a saber to solve many Difficult problems for Baby Ginseng.

However…

When it had the strength to destroy everything, it was very unnecessary to use someone else to kill him.

Just as all the Space Worms were looking for Baby Ginseng, Baby Ginseng suddenly appeared from the ground again.

On the ground, Baby Ginseng condensed wings of light and slowly flew up, looking around.

Moreover, it emitted a shocking fragrance again.

In an instant, the Space Worms rioted.

A hundred-meter-tall starry sky worm that looked like a natural disaster spider with dozens of dragon limbs quickly stepped on the ground and moved in the direction of the fragrance.

Behind it, a large number of Space Worms chased after it.

“Ya!!” Baby Ginseng turned into light wings and turned to run. It flew in the sky and directly exposed itself to the Space Worms.

At the same time, it also exposed itself to the Thunder Crown Rubber Divine Tree and the others.

“Don’t fall for it!!!” Seeing this, the expressions of the Genesis Tree God and the others changed.

“That ginseng baby wants you to kill each other through itself. Don’t fall for it.”

At this moment, anyone with eyes could tell that Baby Ginseng was using itself to lure the enemy to the rubber divine tree.

The various factions were very surprised that Shi Yu, who had displayed invincible strength previously, would actually choose such a strategy.

However, there was nothing he could do.

Without the strength to crush everything, this seemed to be the best strategy.

“I won’t be tricked!!” Seeing this, the Thunder Crown Rubber Divine Tree revealed a disdainful expression and turned to leave first.

However, in the next moment, its expression changed.

A totem-level Space Flying Bug that looked like a shark directly overtook the huge spider at a shocking speed and approached Baby Ginseng.

It opened its huge abyss mouth, wanting to devour Baby Ginseng in one bite.

“Yi!!! (Help!!!)” In the sky, even if Baby Ginseng, who was waving the Wings of Light, used the Time Fruit to step into the overlord level, it still couldn’t compare to the speed of the totem-level Space Worm.

It directly shouted for help at the Thunder Crown Rubber Divine Tree in the distance.

Beside it, there were five totem-level Space Worms and dozens of overlord-level Space Worms eyeing it covetously. In this situation, even if it was its biological father or even a contractor, they might not necessarily risk their lives to save Baby Ginseng.

However, under the rapid changes in the expression of the Thunder Crown Rubber Divine Tree, it still suddenly stretched out its huge rubber arm and grabbed Baby Ginseng.

No matter what, it didn’t want such a delicious ginseng baby to fall into the mouths of these corpse worms.

However, the Thunder Crown Rubber Divine Tree dared to rely on its strength to stay behind at the last minute, but its allies were so frightened by the insect army that they suddenly retreated.

Because of Baby Ginseng, the Space Worms quickly approached the rubber divine tree, and Baby Ginseng was in the center of the battle between the two parties. The current situation was also extremely bad.

Life and death!

Boom!!!

The vine whip of the Thunder Crown Rubber Divine Tree was close to Baby Ginseng.

But in the next second, what made the Thunder Crown Rubber Divine Tree’s gaze explode was that it was still a step slower.

The shark-like Space Flying Bug’s sharp mouth had already enveloped the sky above Baby Ginseng.

….

At this moment, neither side could understand the development of this trial at all.

Everyone could basically confirm that the ginseng baby was the main body of the ginseng baby.

At that moment, Baby Ginseng was almost using its life to pull the monsters. However, before the two parties fought, it would die first!

This strategy of sitting back and reaping the benefits didn’t seem very proficient.

“Snatch!!!”

The Genesis Tree God, who was still persuading the rubber divine tree not to fall into the trap just now, was immediately extremely anxious when it saw that Baby Ginseng was about to fall into the mouth of the Space Worm.

He cursed at the rubber divine tree, not understanding why its movements were so slow.

“Damn it, faster!!!” The fusion frequency of the rubber divine tree and the contractor had already reached the most intense moment, but their movements were still slower than the Space Worm.

Everyone saw that Baby Ginseng was about to be Devoured by the Space Worm.

The World Tree, the divine beast, the demigod, the Legendaries, and the contestants were all extremely serious.

“Ahhhhhh!!!” At this moment, the owl cried out in horror.

It had predicted his friend’s death. Bad luck, bad luck, bad luck, bad luck!!!

“What the hell are you shouting for!!” Beside him, the gem cat cursed.

“Just wait for the breakthrough.”

When it finished speaking, countless people looked at Baby Ginseng.

It was about to be swallowed, this ginseng baby with extraordinary strength, this ginseng baby that didn’t even have a Beast Tamer beside it. It suddenly smiled.