Chapter 978 - 978 A Lot Of Resources (2)

978 A Lot of Resources (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The energy of this life essence that filled the sky was huge.

But he didn’t know if he should absorb it or not.

After absorbing this, with Baby Ginseng’s current situation, it would definitely break through to the overlord level like absorbing Legendary resources.

In fact, even overlords couldn’t withstand it.

There was the life essence condensed by five totem-level Space Worms here. After absorbing their life essence, there was a high chance that Baby Ginseng would leap into the totem level.

At that time, Shi Yu would definitely explode.

If he had known, he would have brought his senior in too.

This way, with her sharing some of the burden, it shouldn’t be a problem for her monarch-level Imperial Concubine Flower to be strengthened to the invincible overlord level.

“Wait, maybe we can pack it up and take it away.”

Shi Yu looked at the EXP filling the sky and fell into deep thought.

“Lord Eternal Divine Tree.” Shi Yu looked in the direction of the Eternal Divine Tree through the broken barrier and asked, “Excuse me, can I not absorb these first and takeaway?”

The Eternal Divine Tree was silent.

Motherf*cker…

This was like asking if he could pack up if he ate a buffet.

Be a human.

The Boar God, Xuan Ming, Demon King Dragon, and the others were silent.

Damn, what was wrong with this kid?

They were originally looking forward to this trial.

Looked forward to the future’s creatures being killed by the Space Worms and chased after by them.

Although these Space Worms were only small soldiers, in their opinion, they were more than enough to deal with these guys.

Even if that totem tree could resist the overlord-level Space Worm, it was definitely not its match if it fought the totem-level Space Worm.

However, to the surprise of many gods, the trial ended not long after it started.

With the help of the self-destruction and time-element revival Skill, Shi Yu, along with the cultivators, directly wiped out all the targets!!

This was a situation that these gods didn’t expect before the trial began!!

“Up to you.”

At this moment, the Eternal Divine Tree didn’t want to say anything at all. It even regretted taking out so many Space Worms.

As a result, at this moment, it could only watch helplessly as that ginseng baby used plant control to create a huge tree.

“Yi!!” Baby Ginseng pressed its palms together and bowed gratefully in the direction of the Eternal Divine Tree.

Thank you for the big meal, Grandma Eternal Divine Tree.

It packed it up and took it away.

These things… If they could be packed, Shi Yu and Baby Ginseng would be overjoyed.

It could be sensed that this life essence was very nourishing, especially for life force.

What did this mean?

After collecting it, Shi Yu had supplements that added points to quasi-divine skills and supplements that fused skills!!

Boom!!!

The huge tree began to absorb the life essence that filled the sky. Green fruits grew from the huge tree.

Plant Control+Mutated Fruit+Nutrition!

“Baby Ginseng, finish him off.”

At the same time, Shi Yu didn’t forget to let Baby Ginseng completely kill the four cosmic worms that hadn’t been completely blown up.

The physical strength of this group of Space Worms was still strong.

Shi Yu felt that the physical strength of some totem-level Space Worms was almost catching up to Buggy and Eleven.

This was very rare among totems.

After all, totems like the cat might not even have one-tenth of Eleven and the others’ physical strength.

Buzz!!

Fruits condensed one after another.

“Yi… (Die.)”

At the same time, Baby Ginseng attacked the totem worms that weren’t completely dead.

The physiques of these totem worms were very strong, and when they were in perfect condition, it might not necessarily be able to break through their defense even if they were attacked by the form of ginseng baby’s Time Fruit. Now that they had almost exploded, it was easier to sprinkle salt on their injuries.

Baby Ginseng only let countless branches spread out of the huge tree and stab into their bodies in the time state. Then, it easily ended their life activity through nutrient plunder and absorbed life nutrients.

At this moment, all the contestants of the totem country looked at the trial barrier with fear.

The brains of the few totem country contestants who realized the danger and withdrew from the competition at the last minute rumbled. Their faces were pale and they were filled with lingering fear.

Looking at the tragic situation in the trial barrier, they couldn’t help but be afraid. All the overlords weren’t even left with dregs.

Even at the totem level, two had been blown up. The four that barely survived were also experiencing miserable slaughter.

So scary…

If they had any hope at that time, they would probably have become a wisp of soul.

“Not bad.”

At this moment, as more and more fruits condensed, Shi Yu became happier and happier.

The life essence condensed by every overlord-level Space Worm was comparable to a level-eight resource of Legendary quality, and the life essence condensed by the totem-level Space Worm was completely equivalent to a Legendary resource.

Therefore, Baby Ginseng’s explosion directly exploded five Legendary resources and more than 40 quasi Legendary resources.

If he included the Eternal Flower gifted by the Eternal Divine Tree later…

Shi Yu thought for a moment. After researching it, he would definitely eat the Eternal Flower.

This way, his physique would be further strengthened. Then, it would be easier to add some quasi-divine skills.

This trial could be said to have completely blown up all the supplements Shi Yu might need to add some quasi-divine skills next.

This was more like it.

Shi Yu felt that this was the correct way to self-destruct.

There had to be benefits!

It could be imagined that after he accepted the Blessing of the World Tree and broke through to the legend level, he could directly use these supplements to complete a huge increase in strength first.