Chapter 971 - 971 Time Element (4)

971 Time Element (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

….

“Look.”

After the contestants gathered, strange trees that looked like man-eating flowers spat out strange insects with juice in their huge mouths.

When they were just spat out, their bodies weren’t big. They were at most a few meters long. However, as they fell to the ground, the bodies of the worms suddenly swelled.

“Zizizi…”

Moreover, indescribable sounds came from their bodies. In a short moment, the bodies of the largest worms swelled to dozens of meters tall.

Their forms were very strange, and the characteristics of the insects were only a portion of the bodies. Their bodies contained the organs of various animals and plants, and their bodies seemed to be pieced together by more than ten species. They were extremely terrifying.

In the outside world, the contestants and audience didn’t sense much strong energy fluctuations from them, but the life aura comparable to a totem level enveloped their bodies like a vast sun.

There were a total of five totem-level Space Worms and 45 overlord-level Space Worms!

“So few!” After discovering that there were only 45 overlord-level Space Worms, less than 100, the remaining trial challengers of the totem country instantly felt that it wasn’t enough.

The rubber divine tree looked over and felt that it was enough to stuff the gaps between its teeth.

However, if it contained life force, it didn’t look that terrifying.

Even the five totem-level Space Worms didn’t look as powerful as the Green Dragon Prince who had been insta-killed just now.

At this moment, when they discovered the “unsatisfied” expressions of the candidates, the corners of the mouths of the many gods led by the Boar God suddenly curled up.

“Hehe.”

“They don’t seem to know what they’re facing…”

….

A moment later, a total of 20 contestants were teleported to different positions in the trial barrier.

At this moment, the Teleportation of the Eternal Divine Tree was very particular. Every cultivator who had just entered the trial barrier had a cosmic worm moving its body in front of them.

Their eyes were scarlet and dark green, and saliva dripped from their ferocious mouths, as if they were already hungry to the extreme. They were so hungry that they almost lost their minds.

“Space worm?”

Swoosh!!!

One by one, the overlord-level Great Light Flowers that had just entered released thousands of lights under the enhancement of the Beast Tamer’s light-element strengthening talent, attacking the evil creature in front of them that had a cockroach as the main body and the characteristics of many races, such as gorilla, willow tree, dragon, and phoenix.

Boom boom boom boom!!!

Countless attacks landed. The Space Worm stood on the spot without moving at all. The moves caused a violent explosion on its body. In the rising smoke, it only continued to move its body and walked towards its prey with red eyes.

The pupils of the overlord and the Beast Tamer constricted.

“Ah!!!!!”

In a short moment, less than a few seconds after the trial began, a candidate was torn apart by the Space Worm and swallowed into its mouth.

“…” This scene made many spectators who were paying attention to the trial barrier in the outside world widen their eyes and cover their mouths.

This situation also happened elsewhere.

In an instant, two of the 20 groups of candidates who entered died and were eaten by the Space Worm.

This made the hearts of the Beast Tamers from the seven countries who didn’t participate in the trial, as well as the Beast Tamers who had just left at the last minute, race.

After all, the first batch of Space Worms the trial-goers encountered was only at the overlord level. The five totem-level Space Worms were still searching for prey from afar.

“Quasi totem level.” At this moment, the experts watching the trial had deep gazes as they judged.

The physical strength of each of the 45 overlord-level Space Worms here was comparable to the totem level. The attacks of ordinary overlords were no different from scratching an itch for them.

Perhaps even if a top-notch overlord wanted to defeat these Space Worms, it would have to pay a heavy price. This was even if these Space Worms didn’t have any other trump cards.

“Hehe, because of the ability to devour and evolve, the physical strength of the Space Worm race is enough to crush dragons and has perfect Elemental resistance.”

Seeing this, the Boar God said, “Although these revived Space Worms are in an extremely hungry Enfeeble state, in terms of strength, they are fully deserving ferocious beasts.”

“If you underestimate them, wait for death. Oh right, it’s worth mentioning that these Space Worms in front of us can only be considered soldiers in their huge race. They only have physical strength and don’t master transcendent power. The really terrifying ones are those royal families…”

“Their abilities are all comparable to divine skills.”

“I hope we won’t encounter each other in the future.”

Upon hearing that, the expressions of many experts from the factions changed.

At this moment, there were trial challengers who basically couldn’t resist the Space Worm and could only escape.

There were also those who could barely fight the worms, and there were even those who could easily insta-kill overlord-level Space Worms.

For example, the rubber divine tree in the Origin Land had an advantage one level higher. In addition to the strengthening of the Beast Tamer, it was still easy to deal with an overlord-level Space Worm that wasn’t at its peak.

“Thunder… Heavy Strike…!!”

With a boom, a rubber tree whip wrapped in lightning swung down in space, instantly smashing the centipede-like Space Worm in front of him.

After dealing with the Space Worm, it disintegrated into a huge amount of life force that surged into the person’s body. At this moment, be it the Rubber Divine Tree or the Tree Sprite Carney, they felt that their lifespans had been strengthened for at least ten years, as well as more than a million life force points. It was very unbelievable.