Chapter 989 - 989 Breaking Through To Legendary (2)

989 Breaking Through to Legendary (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

After all, the Blessing Effect depended on the world itself. The World Tree could bless on behalf of Blue Planet, but for other pets, the Blessing Effect might not necessarily be the case.

There was even a high chance that unless it was a world-type life form, it couldn’t be taught.

Therefore, it was better to slowly nurture Little Purple’s ability. In the future, it could also master abilities similar to the Blessing of the World Tree. If it weren’t for the fact that Little Purple was too weak now and didn’t even have a complete law formed in its body, Shi Yu even suspected that its Blessing power could activate its skill fusion.

Shi Yu felt that this skill fusion should also be a divine-level skill similar to the Taiji Domain. It should require the recognition of the world’s laws to be used.

Therefore, he could be said to be filled with anticipation.

Could the Wex Palm+Hardening directly fuse into a Lightning Armor Skill and have a higher upper limit than the combination skill?

Hardening+Undying Golden Body+ Tempered Steel+Reinforced Iron Bones+Overlord Body Armor+Demon God Body+Giant Transformation, could it fuse into a divine body that was not inferior to the Bull God’s Metal Control Divine Body?

It could be said that because of this skill, every pet of Shi Yu had endless possibilities.

He could upgrade a pile of low-level Skills with extreme potential into divine skills that could fight in higher domains!

Amidst Shi Yu’s anticipation, his brain rumbled.

[Technique Fusion] was unlocked!

At the same time, not only did Shi Yu’s Skill Index talent undergo a qualitative change because of the World Blessing, but Shi Yu’s Beast Taming Space also underwent a qualitative change!

The Beast Taming Space, which had been stuck at the level-six bottleneck for a long time, finally completed the final transformation with the blessings of the World Tree.

The strength of the spatial crystal wall in the Beast Taming Space had reached level seven. When the color turned black, it meant that Shi Yu could already contract and control overlord-level pets normally.

“From today onwards,”

“I’m a legend.”

Shi Yu opened his eyes and felt another boom. In his body, the seed of the second Beast Taming Space was quietly born, nurturing a new sprout.

At the moment, this Beast Taming Space in a chaotic state had yet to reach level one, so it was impossible to contract a pet. However, Shi Yu felt that as long as he cultivated and opened up like the first Beast Taming Space, this Beast Taming Space could quickly be completely formed.

With his current level-seven physique and Little Purple’s World Blessing, it was simply too easy to meditate and cultivate a level-zero Beast Taming Space.

Buzz…

After all, Shi Yu clenched his fists. At this moment, his physique was even more ridiculous. The burden of contracting Eleven and Buggy above his level had completely disappeared. He only felt an unprecedented joy.

In addition to the current blessings of the World Tree, Shi Yu estimated that it would be very fast. In less than half a year, he should be able to cultivate this second Beast Taming Space to the same level as the first Beast Taming Space.

“This way, Little Ji, Duckie, and the others might have a chance to become regular members and become ‘real second team’.”

“I wonder if there’s a possibility of a ‘third team’ that can’t be contracted in the future with 20 contract slots.”

“No, compared to the three teams, it’s more suitable to describe it with believers, armies, and citizens.”

“Even if there is, it’s a creature from another world born in the body of the Son of the Stars, Little Zi.”

Under Shi Yu’s excitement, good news also came from Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong, Susu, Ling, and the others.

Because of the blessings of the World Tree, their super Skills that had originally not reached perfect proficiency and were just a trace away from perfect proficiency were cultivated to perfection because of the increase in comprehension.

In addition to their teaching Skills that exceeded perfect proficiency, at this moment, as Shi Yu broke through, every pet of Shi Yu no longer had the original restrictions.

They were about to break through to the overlord level in a perfect posture.

“All of them were about to become overlords.”

As Shi Yu muttered, the World Tree’s voice sounded. “Because you’ve consumed the World Tree Fruit, in addition to your special mind domain, your ginseng baby is very compatible with my world blessing power.”

“Perhaps you can try to open the mind domain and let it break through and evolve under my blessed state.”

“Because the blessing of the power of the world should still have a high chance of success.”

“Yiya, ya, ya?!” Upon hearing that, Baby Ginseng was immediately pleasantly surprised.

It said that it smelled like a mother.

“In that case.” Shi Yu also looked at Baby Ginseng.

Then let it evolve.

The Blessing of the World Tree indeed seemed to have the effect of letting the contracted pet of the target break through the racial restrictions and complete evolution.

“Mi—” “Ning…” Then, under the envious expressions of Chi Tong and the others, Baby Ginseng pressed its little flower hat profoundly with an excited expression.

At this moment, there was finally no level restriction. Shi Yu also took out Baby Ginseng’s legendary resource, the Divine Earth of Life, that had never been completely used and handed it to Baby Ginseng.

At the same time, he also took out more than 40 Fruits of Life and arranged them in a row.

The Divine Earth of Life was Dong Huang’s, and these Fruits of Life that were close and comparable to Legendary resources were resources that had erupted from the trial of the Eternal Tree and were organized by Baby Ginseng. Shi Yu originally planned to use them as supplements for himself to add points to, but since Baby Ginseng was evolving now, in order to have stronger strength and potential, the priority was naturally the highest. After all, Baby Ginseng itself was also a supplement, and it was a growth-type supplement.

Next, let’s see how much Baby Ginseng could absorb.