Chapter 982 - 982 Full Power

982 Full Power

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Inatella was silent again.

Although it was only language, the words coming from Shi Yu’s mouth had an incomparable impact.

Iron-eating Beast.

Initial pet.

The strongest battle power in the team.

Disbelief appeared on everyone’s faces.

“What did he say…”

The Black Dragon Juggernaut, the Tyrant Dragon King, the Genesis Tree God, and the other totems had incredulous expressions.

This black and white bear was his strongest battle power?!

What a joke!

What was that green dragon and ginseng baby?!!

“Iron-eating Beast, strongest battle power…?”

At this moment, even Ji Mengzhu and the others were a little incredulous.

At the moment the overlord-level Green Dragon that Yu had contracted above his level appeared, there was no doubt that the Green Dragon had already become Shi Yu’s representative pet.

After all, even Emperor Wu had once said that if the four holy beasts evolved, they would crush the Demon God Iron-eating Beast.

But now…

In the face of a god, Shi Yu stood on the battlefield and sent out the strongest pet he mentioned, the Iron-eating Beast.

“Even stronger than that green dragon?”

Only Divine Source, President Lin, the Dragon Palace, and a few others who had seen the Chaos Panda understood the meaning of Shi Yu’s words!

They didn’t know which was stronger, the Chaos Panda or the Green Dragon. After all, they had never seen the two pets use their full strength, but Shi Yu definitely knew.

They couldn’t help but stare at the arena.

“I see. Overlord level!”

“Moreover, it’s very strong!”

Upon hearing Shi Yu’s words, Ancient God Golden Bull was also shocked. It took a closer look at this bear cub and quickly discovered that it was extraordinary.

It actually contained power that was not inferior to that green dragon in its small body.

It was completely not weaker than the invincible overlord it had defeated just now.

Unbelievable.

“Overlord level again??”

“As a level-six Beast Tamer, Shi Yu contracted two overlords above his level??”

Upon hearing Ancient God Golden Bull’s words, the other spectators were also in disbelief.

Even the Beast Tamers of the totem countries weren’t so crazy.

This guy was indeed a monster.

This way, Shi Yu’s team’s puzzle was perfect.

Overlord-level, Iron-eating Beast, Green Dragon.

Monarch level, ginseng baby, sword spirit, Blue Sea Sprite, mechanical phantom beast!

A powerful configuration!

“But it’s not enough!!!”

“Its main Stats are also metal.”

“You guys… who are you looking down on!!!” Ancient God Golden Bull’s muscles increased exponentially, and his body reached nearly five meters. His body didn’t look huge, especially compared to the little Iron-eating Beast in front of him.

It looked at Eleven with a burning gaze and said, “If you want me to erupt with stronger power, it depends on whether you have the ability!!”

Boom!!!

It still suppressed its monarch-level strength. It stepped on the ground, and golden light appeared all over its body. It attacked Eleven in the form of the Metal Control Divine Body.

The ground shattered.

No one doubted the strength of the Ancient God Golden Bull in this state. After all, the dark elf and fallen angel were examples.

Its figure was about to descend in front of Eleven in an extremely oppressive manner.

The pupils of the dark elves and fallen angels who had just been beaten up constricted.

But…

“Wuu.”

In the blink of an eye, lightning seemed to shoot out of Eleven’s eyes.

Zizizizizizi!!!

At first, its hands were filled with a large amount of electricity. Then, the electricity flowed through its entire body as if it was being controlled!!

Rip!!

Surrounded by the black and white electric current, Eleven’s black and white hair shone. It looked fluffy, soft, and had a clear texture. One couldn’t help but want to pet it!

However, what was even more terrifying was its shocking power change in the state of the lightning armor!!

Bang!!!

Eleven’s feet stepped on the ground. Under the eruption of lightning, it immediately displayed a terrifying explosive power. Its figure flashed like lightning. During this process, countless gravel floated in the sky because of the lightning, as if they were dancing for the impact that was about to collide.

“Interesting!!!”

As Ancient God Golden Bull laughed, he threw a punch at Eleven. Similarly, Eleven also threw a punch at Ancient God Golden Bull.

The two attacks were about to collide.

But in the next moment, the two attacks fixed the attacker and the attacker in the air due to invisible energy fluctuations.

Because the energy fluctuations between the moves were too turbulent, before the bodies of the two parties collided, the powerful power fluctuations were the first to squeeze.

Boom!!!

The sky and ground trembled.

A huge vortex seemed to have appeared in the sky, and cracks spread crazily on the ground as if it had encountered an earthquake.

In midair, Ancient God Golden Bull’s fist that was surrounded by golden light and Eleven’s fist that was surrounded by lightning were still squeezing.

It stunned the surrounding audience.

It appeared.

A creature that could fight against Ancient God Golden Bull appeared!!

Although it was an overlord fighting a monarch, it was also commendable.

This Shi Yu was indeed a monster!!!

However, as a few seconds passed, everyone’s expressions changed like Ancient God Golden Bull’s.

Sensing the increasingly surging power in Eleven’s attack, Ancient God Golden Bull revealed a shocked expression.

The others also suddenly heard a huge thunderstorm that resounded through the island. Their pupils constricted as they saw the power fluctuations on Ancient God Golden Bull’s side shatter with a bang.

Right on the heels of that, the Little Iron-eating Beast’s fist that seemed to have swept through a thunderstorm suddenly swallowed the Ancient God Golden Bull like a tsunami!!

Boom!!!

Under the thunder, Ancient God Golden Bull’s body was directly smashed towards like a flying meteor!!

“Wuu!!!”

In midair, Eleven looked confused. It was very confused to see someone dare to challenge it while at a lower level.

Boom!!

It slowly landed on the ground and looked at the small mountain that had collapsed after it sent Ancient God Golden Bull flying. It stretched its body and looked over again.

A moment later, gravel fell to the ground one by one. Every landing sound hit the heart.

At this moment, everyone was stunned.

They completely didn’t expect that under the collision, Ancient God Golden Bull would actually be sent flying.

Although Ancient God Golden Bull had suppressed its level to a lower level, it was still a god.

It had already easily crushed the dark elf and fallen angel above its level. How could it be sent flying by this Iron-eating Beast!!

“Golden Bull, what are you doing!!”

Seeing this, Lord Lie Shan and the others looked at the collapsed mountain in disbelief.

“Didn’t listen to my advice…”

At this moment, as the two moves collided, Shi Yu only wanted to describe Ancient God Golden Bull like this.

Was it still treating Eleven as his opponent just now?

This move… was the Lightning Armor state entered by using transcendent-level superalloy, the power of Dark Lightning and Light Lightning. Although Eleven was only in the weakest restrained state, it was still at the overlord level!!

The two opponents just now didn’t have transcendent super Skills.

In addition, Eleven was also a Mythical Race with a strong foundation. Ancient God Golden Bull was actually still using the monarch level to resist. It was simply suicidal.

“Ah!!!!!”

Boom!!

The small mountain collapsed, and Ancient God Golden Bull, who came out, also looked at the creature opposite him in shock. It didn’t expect that the other party could actually defeat him.

This attack could be said to have stunned the dark elf, fallen angel, and the others. They didn’t expect that the Ancient God Golden Bull that was hanging them up was actually sent flying by Shi Yu’s pet.

“Looks like.”

“Looks like I underestimated you guys.”

At this moment, Ancient God Golden Bull didn’t feel any Affliction. He was only very surprised that the other party actually had the power to repel him.

It couldn’t help but be even more excited.

“I see. No wonder you made me go all out. So your strength is so extraordinary.”

“Very good, very good, hahahaha.” Ancient God Golden Bull laughed. At the same time, its aura rose steadily.

Boom!!!

Under everyone’s gaze, it directly recovered to its initial state and didn’t plan to suppress its strength anymore!

An earth-shattering aura and a divine aura directly made the island tremble.

In the center of the terrifying energy vortex, Ancient God Golden Bull revealed its violent eyes.

“Don’t misunderstand.”

“I unsealed my power because I want you to send out all your pets as soon as possible.”

“It’s rare for you to have so many powerful battle pets. It’s still too boring to fight alone.”

“Perhaps, if I let you understand the real difference, you’ll understand.”

In order to prove its determination, Ancient God Golden Bull’s body increased further!!

Buzz!!

A dazzling golden light bloomed from its body.

Boom…

Under the golden light, accompanied by the roar of the Great Dao laws, countless spatial fragments flew out and exploded from the void. They lined up beside Ancient God Golden Bull and were extremely dazzling.

In the center of everything, the aura of the Ancient God Golden Bull had reached an extremely terrifying level. Although its body only increased to ten meters tall, the power erupting from its physique seemed to be able to crush the Void.

Click, click, click…

At this moment, the demigods in the alternate space looked at the collapsed spatial patterns around them in shock. They realized that not only had Ancient God Golden Bull unsealed his battle power, but he had also erupted with his divine skill!!

Because the laws of the world were incomplete, Blue Planet couldn’t withstand Ancient God Golden Bull’s divine skill at all. Therefore, the power it displayed at the moment could only be considered a quasi-divine skill. But even so, it caused a huge change in the entire Blue Planet space.

The Void collapsed, and the laws rumbled!!

A huge change was brewing, making the World Tree clone and many gods fall silent. They felt that this golden bull was so crazy for battle.

Didn’t it know that it would be even weaker after such a battle??

In the collapse of space, the entire island was changing quickly. The ground and mountain began to sink. The surrounding waves raised a tsunami, and lightning appeared in the sky. The center of all the changes was the huge Golden Bull Ancient God that had recovered its bull form and landed on all four feet.

Its furnace-like eyes looked at Shi Yu and Eleven. As Shi Yu and Eleven’s expressions changed, its divine might pressed down like a galaxy that covered the sky.

At this moment, forget about creatures below the totem level, even some weaker totems trembled when they saw the terrifying might emitted by the Ancient God Golden Bull and heard the deafening sound of laws.

“This is the real Metal Control Divine Body that has touched the laws of metal. It’s the strongest batch of Skills in this era!!” Seeing this, the gods sighed with emotion at the madness of the Golden Bull God.

Boom!!!

The terrifying divine might approached Eleven and Shi Yu. Everyone could sense how much pressure they were under.

“No…” The pupils of the dark elven prince and the others constricted. Even if they weren’t the ones fighting, a trace of psychological trauma appeared.

“It’s difficult to imagine how strong these gods were at the peak of the Mythical Era!”

Under the gazes of many people, the Boar God and the other gods looked at Shi Yu and the others.

“Just give in to this cow.”

It was still too difficult to rely on just one. It was better for everyone to attack together as soon as possible. Perhaps they could last a few minutes under the mentality of the Golden Bull Ancient God wanting entertainment.