Chapter 986 - 986 Fast-Forward To The Next Session (1)

986 Fast-forward to the Next Session (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Inatella.

At this moment.

Everyone present suspected that Shi Yu was not human.

That unbelievable Taiji Domain that touched the sound of laws.

Was it really a Beast Taming Talent derived from telepathy?

Was he sure that he wasn’t a divine beast in human skin?

In addition, the millstone in the Iron-eating Beast’s hand that obliterated the Void and laws was a little stunned.

“Can that also be considered a mind domain?”

The Holy Divine Deer, which had tested the talent of various Beast Tamers previously, had an extremely incredulous expression.

A skill that triggered the sound of laws. If this wasn’t a divine skill, what was?

The World Tree clone originally thought that Shi Yu’s development of his mind domain was thanks to its World Tree Fruit.

But from the looks of it, that wasn’t the case at all!

This black and white domain simply crushed that World Tree domain.

Many gods present had only mastered one divine skill.

Combination divine skills were exclusive to powerful gods who cultivated two divine skills.

And if a god could combine two divine skills, it would be even rarer.

If Beast Tamers and pets were considered a whole, then Shi Yu and that pet’s behavior just now had completely crushed these gods in terms of skill.

After all, many gods present had only mastered one divine skill.

Moreover, what they sensed just now was definitely not wrong.

Be it the laws mastered by Shi Yu or that creature, they were both extremely top-notch power of laws.

For other powers, even low-level power of laws had a strong restraining effect.

Many gods and even the World Tree clones really didn’t understand why there were creatures who could cultivate such a Skill in this era with incomplete laws.

“Well.”

At this moment, Shi Yu was a little silent. He suddenly noticed that Ancient God Golden Bull had yet to wake up and couldn’t help but feel a little guilty.

It shouldn’t be a big problem.

This was the first time he had assisted Eleven in using the Yin Yang Millstone after eating the World Tree Fruit and strengthening the Taiji Domain a second time.

Although he had already expected that the power of this combination divine skill was not inferior to the law divine skills mastered by these weak gods, Shi Yu still didn’t expect Ancient God Golden Bull to be smashed so badly in an instant.

“Little brat, what did you do?” At this moment, Lord Lie Shan couldn’t help but say again.

“If you knock it out, who’s going to give you a reward?”

Shi Yu: “…?”

So this was the main point?

“Don’t awaken Ancient God Golden Bull first. It’s already in an Enfeeble state. Just now, it suffered the injury of laws. After healing and awakening, its state will also be very painful.”

“Let Ancient God Golden Bull directly enter the Mythical Ruins to sleep for a period of time. When it wakes up, we’ll discuss what happens after…” The World Tree clone said after a moment of silence.

It was mainly because it was afraid that after Ancient God Golden Bull woke up, it would fight Shi Yu again unconvinced. In the current state of waking up the gods, it was not suitable to use divine skills to fight at all. It couldn’t watch Ancient God Golden Bull do stupid things for nothing.

How aggrieved would it be if a god died in the overlord battle!

“Alright.” At this moment, when he heard that Ancient God Golden Bull was fine, Shi Yu nodded. It was good that he was fine.

As for the reward, it was fine even if it was a day or two later. In any case, Ancient God Golden Bull couldn’t run away.

A god couldn’t go back on his word, right?

At that moment, everyone was completely certain that Shi Yu had defeated a god alone. They couldn’t help but be shocked.

“By the way.”

Especially when Shi Yu, who looked quite weak at this moment, suddenly looked around.

As soon as he finished speaking, the members of the various countries swallowed their saliva again. The island fell silent.

“The trial is over. Isn’t it time for the main competition? I’m a little tired now. Why don’t we end the main competition quickly? After it’s over, I’ll go rest together.”

“During the preliminaries, I said that I would become a new world legend.”

“So now, whoever isn’t convinced, let’s attack together.” Shi Yu grinned and looked at the hundreds of contestants around him.

BOOM!

Upon hearing that, the pupils of the fallen angel, the dark elf, and the others constricted, and their hearts trembled.

This monster… first smashed the Green Dragon Totem to death, then blew up the rubber tree totem. Now that he had even defeated a god, and he was actually asking who else was willing to fight him?

The main competition?

At the thought of the main competition without many restrictions and having to face Shi Yu’s Iron-eating Beast, Green Dragon, Revival Self-Explosion Ginseng, Blue Sea Sprite, Sword Spirit, and mechanical phantom beast in one go, many contestants couldn’t breathe.

Not to mention all of them attacking together, even if they only faced one alone, at this moment, no contestant was confident.

Generally speaking, there was tactical cooperation between the many pets of the Beast Tamers of the seven countries.

When combined, it could display stronger battle power.

As for Shi Yu’s individual pets, they were already so ridiculous. Everyone really couldn’t imagine what they would look like when combined.

Not to mention contestants, even the totem that had long become famous was extremely afraid of Shi Yu.

For example, the Tyrant Dragon King.

At this moment, as a top-notch totem, it even began to wonder if it was confident of retreating unscathed if it dealt with Shi Yu alone.

Was this still a level-six Beast Tamer? He was more like a Legendary Beast Tamer!

“Hahahaha…”

At that moment, under the gazes of the Legendarys of the other six countries who couldn’t understand why such a monstrous Beast Tamer appeared in Dong Huang, Divine Source Legendary couldn’t help but laugh.

Who else was there!

With Shi Yu’s current strength, who could stop him from becoming a world legend and accepting the blessings of the World Tree!

No one!

Be it the seven countries or the totem country, no matter who it was, none of them dared to stand out in the face of Shi Yu’s challenge.

At this moment, Divine Source Legendary was even excited. He wanted to celebrate with everyone when he returned to the country.

The entire country would be exempted from taxes for a year!

Believe in the Green Dragon, tax exemption, paid leave!

Shi Yu could definitely become stronger.

This scene also stunned Yin Zhengfan, Gao Xuan, White Brook, and the others. They recalled the National League. The main competition had yet to begin, but the National League had already ended.

In the end, it was the same for the World Tournament? Before the main competition even began, Shi Yu had already displayed invincible strength, making all the contestants give up resisting and surrender.

However, wasn’t it just a year since the National League of University Students? How did Shi Yu grow from a national student champion to a terrifying existence that could crush gods?

This growth speed completely made Gao Xuan and the other Beast Tamers who still had the thought of surpassing Shi Yu completely unable to have any feelings of pursuit.

The difference was too great.

Even when they heard the story of the evolution Legendary Lin Feng, they didn’t think it was so ridiculous.

Was this the so-called monster born in the golden era before the Mythical Revival?

“The World Tournament is…” At this moment, the World Tree clone actually had plans long ago.

It had long felt that there was no contestant who could compete with Shi Yu in this world competition before the few trials.

In that case, there was no need to continue competing. There was only one winner in the world competition anyway.

“If there’s no one, the world competition will end here.”

“Dong Huang’s Shi Yu will receive the blessings of the World Tree and become a new world legend.”

Although it was very strange to call a level-six Beast Tamer a Titled Legend, the truth was right in front of them. Even the World Tree clone didn’t know what to say.

“Damn it!” At this moment, in the face of the World Tree clone, the contestants of the totem country and the seven countries were extremely aggrieved. They finally felt the feelings of the ordinary Beast Tamers who had once been suppressed by their light.

This was the irresistible unwillingness to compete with stronger and more monstrous monsters.

“However.”

At this moment, although the promotion had been completed, the World Tree clone said, “However, due to the special situation, I’ll hold another world competition soon.”

“It might be a year, or two, or three. It will be in seven years.”

The World Tree clone said.

In order to welcome the next new era, it planned to hold another world competition.

He hoped that at that time, another Beast Tamer like Shi Yu would appear.

A Beast Tamer with potential comparable to a peak-level divine-level.

Although the interval between the world competitions was not long, according to its understanding, Shi Yu’s growth was only a few years.

So maybe…

Another monster could appear!

“At that time, I’ll also give you my blessings.”

It was mainly because sending a blessing required a lot of its strength. In the short term, it could only be given to one person.

“The rules remain.”

“Beast Tamers under the age of 30 can participate.”

At this moment, when they heard from the World Tree that a world competition would appear soon, young Beast Tamers like Gao Xuan were delighted. Even children like Yin Zhengfan suddenly felt their blood boil.

“In addition, even if you meet the conditions to participate, as long as you obtain the Blessing of the World Tree once, you can’t participate anymore.”

In the end, the World Tree didn’t forget to ban Shi Yu from competing. It was so close. It almost forgot that this guy was still young. Even after seven years, he was still under 30.

He had to be banned.

Shi Yu: …?