Chapter 988 - 988 Breaking Through To Legendary

988 Breaking Through to Legendary

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The blessings of the World Tree had many Effects.

What Shi Yu often heard was that it could increase the comprehension of the pet contracted by the target of the blessing and increase the learning ability of the pet. In other words, if a Beast Tamer blessed by the World Tree trained a low-level Skill, the pet might become expert in a day. Two days would make it perfect, and a month would be Dao Proficiency.

Of course, this wasn’t that useful to Shi Yu. And it wasn’t that useless.

After all, the upper limit of non-racial Skills was still at transcendent and couldn’t be broken through. If he wanted to train it to a higher level in the future, he had to rely on the pet to develop it itself.

At this moment, if the pet’s learning ability was stronger, it would be very useful.

Apart from that, the Blessing of the World Tree was equivalent to a meditation accelerator. It could allow Beast Tamers to reach the legendary level very quickly.

When Lin Feng participated in the World Tournament, he was only a Normal Legend, but after becoming the champion, he only used two years to break through two levels and enter the Legendary domain.

This was still a little useful for Shi Yu. After all, he didn’t like to meditate, but the level of the contracted pet was limited by the level of the Beast Tamer. If he could reach the maximum level quickly, he would be very happy.

At the same time, the Blessing of the World Tree could also make it easier for the contracted pet of the target to break through the racial restrictions and complete the evolution. In addition, it could increase the various abilities of the Beast Tamer. The various effects covered all aspects.

These Effects could be said to be pretty good, but for him, it was completely incomparable to having ten more contract slots!

An additional contract slot might not be useful to ordinary Beast Tamers. For example, Yin Zhengfan’s father, as a normal legend, really didn’t have that many resources and opportunities to nurture so many pets.

However, for the current rich Shi Yu, he could completely afford to pay more resources to nurture pets.

What did the more pets he contracted mean?

It meant that the more attributes the pet could give to himself.

After a Beast Tamer was strong, the effect of the Beast Taming Talent would be stronger.

Perhaps there wouldn’t be any huge changes in ordinary talent, but it was different in the Skill Index.

Thinking about it carefully, after the attribute feedback of the 20 pets, the side effects of adding points might decrease to a negligible level.

Although he might have to add points to more pets at that time, if he could easily complete the additional points for super and even divine-level skills, Shi Yu expressed that it was completely no problem.

Initially, he was still worried if his future physique could withstand the additional points of the divine skill, but if there was another pile of feedback from contracted pets, he felt that it shouldn’t be a problem.

In fact, his current physique was already very strong. He really didn’t know how much his physique would increase after contracting all pets…

This strengthening blessing was very key!

Perhaps it decided if he could support the additional points or fusion of divine skills in the future.

“No problem.”

At this moment, when he heard that the World Tree wanted to strengthen him, Shi Yu immediately agreed.

“If I have a second Beast Taming Space…”

“In seven years, I’m confident of pulling up a second team of the Mythical Race at the demigod level.”

“At that time, if Blue Planet meets an external enemy, leave it to me.”

“I’ll defeat them one by one.”

“I know.” The World Tree nodded and said, “I don’t doubt your ability.”

“The Abyss Demon Duck and the Son of the Stars are both creatures with extraordinary potential.”

“And the cub of the Demon God Race that Lord Lie Shan handed to you.”

“Ordinary Beast Tamers’ contract slots might no longer be able to satisfy you.”

“In that case, come and receive the blessings.”

“You can also summon all your contracted pets and receive the blessings together.”

…

The huge world tree that reached the sky emitted a golden light, making the mystic realm even more dazzling.

Endless light fell like a meteor shower and landed on Shi Yu’s body.

Beside it, Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong, Susu, Ling, and the others, who had shrunk into cub forms, also looked at the flowing light descending from the sky curiously.

“Yi. (Mommy’s scent.)” Baby Ginseng.

Buggy, Chi Tong, and the other pets:??

They suspected that it wanted to cozy up to someone powerful, but there was no evidence.

Therefore, that hardworking ginseng baby also knew the benefits of acknowledging a mother?

However, this was indeed a real mother. After all, it was the will clone of the mother planet that nurtured all the creatures on Blue Planet.

“Absorb it seriously,” Shi Yu said.

“Wu wu wu!!”

Thousands of streams of light fell into their bodies. At this moment, Shi Yu felt that his already very powerful body, spirit, soul, heart, and life force had been strengthened again.

And it was a very gentle strengthening without any side effects.

“Is this the blessing of the World Tree?”

In fact, before participating in the world competition, Shi Yu had another idea.

It was to replicate the blessings of the World Tree and teach it to pets.

But now, he actually no longer had this thought.

The reason was also very simple. The Son of the Stars also knew the move World Blessing.

He already had it.

World Blessing (super Skill, can rely on the world itself to give other life blessings. The effect of the blessing depends on the world’s ability).

After carefully studying this skill, Shi Yu realized that the Blessing of the World Tree that he had replicated seemed to be useless.