Chapter 980 - 980 Ancient God Golden Bull (1)

980 Ancient God Golden Bull (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Hey, hey, hey, isn’t it my turn next?”

After the Eternal Flower landed in Shi Yu’s hand, the Golden Bull God in the sky could no longer hold it in.

It was a battle ancient god to begin with. The moment the World Tree woke it up and asked it to undergo the trial, Ancient God Golden Bull had already thought about it.

It would personally fight the creatures of the future and see how far they could please him!

It stood in the sky, its eyes burning with flames.

At this moment.

Many factions suddenly looked at the Golden Bull God, still recovering from the shock brought by Shi Yu just now.

So there was another trial…

Dark clouds lingered above the heads of many factions. At this moment, they were no longer interested in this trial.

It felt like it was prepared for Shi Yu again.

What was the Golden Bull God’s trial again?

It seemed like… it wanted to fight and wanted the participant to please it?

In other words, it was still a battle of battle power…

Many factions actually didn’t doubt Ancient God Golden Bull’s strength.

This was because Western archeologists had once archeologically cracked a ruin from the Mythical Era.

This Mythical Ruins was built by the followers of Ancient God Golden Bull.

It recorded Ancient God Golden Bull’s powerful battle results.

Ancient God Golden Bull had once attacked a god with a non-divine body.

5It had never stopped fighting and liked to fight. After entering the God Realm, he even had the battle record of defeating dozens of gods.

He was a real powerhouse.

Therefore, the West called it the battle ancient god.

Facing such a god, even invincible overlords like the Fallen Angel couldn’t imagine how they could please this god better than self-destructing and meteorites.

The World Tree clone also looked at Ancient God Golden Bull with a headache.

The other gods knew that they were weak now and recuperated obediently.

This Ancient God Golden Bull was still so stubborn.

However, the World Tree clone knew a lot about Ancient God Golden Bull’s talent and strength.

It should be considered a god ranked in the first tier of divine beasts left on Blue Planet at its peak.

Although it was still inferior to those top-notch gods who had left Blue Planet, it was considered one of the best among the new gods.

At this moment, everyone looked at Ancient God Golden Bull, who had erupted with might, and looked at Shi Yu.

It was obvious that Shi Yu would definitely participate in this trial.

A battle with Ancient God Golden Bull.

With the exaggerated performance of the meteorite and self-destruction, it could definitely make this Ancient God Golden Bull happy.

After all, Ancient God Golden Bull himself had said just now that his hand was itching to smash a few meteorites to warm up.

Presumably, it had already targeted Shi Yu.

As for Ancient God Golden Bull’s words, no one doubted it.

After all, it was a battle ancient god that had stepped into the God Realm.

Not to mention a divine-level, even if it was a demigod who had mastered a quasi-divine skill, they wouldn’t be afraid of Shi Yu’s Green Dragon and Baby Ginseng if they suppressed them to the same level and relied on their Skill proficiency.

Perhaps, through Ancient God Golden Bull’s trial, they could see Shi Yu’s limit…

The Black Dragon Juggernaut and the other demigods thought with deep gazes.

At this moment, Ancient God Golden Bull indeed passed by the figures of the other contestants and landed his gaze on Shi Yu.

“Human, you definitely won’t miss my trial, right?”

“I look forward to fighting you.”

“However, you’ve fought consecutively several times just now. I’ll give you some rest.”

“When the rest is over, you can fight me again!”

“Actually, there’s no need to rest…” Shi Yu looked up at Ancient God Golden Bull and said,” The battle just now didn’t consume much of our strength. ”

“Since Lord Divine Spirit wants to fight, let’s fight directly.”

Everyone: “?”

Human language???

After dealing with two totems in a row, he said that there was no consumption?

“Little brat, just rest if I tell you to. Why are you talking so much nonsense!!” At this moment, when he heard Shi Yu’s words, Ancient God Golden Bull frowned and said.

It was rare to encounter a good opponent. It didn’t want to be unable to fight Shi Yu at his peak.

In that case, it would feel unhappy.

Shi Yu: …

There was really no need.

The moves Buggy used were saved in advance. After Baby Ginseng revived, it was immediately full.

Most importantly, Shi Yu had no intention of letting Buggy and Baby Ginseng fight.

However, Ancient God Golden Bull didn’t agree with this.

At this moment, the Golden Bull Ancient God forcefully let Shi Yu rest, and its gaze landed on the countless invincible overlord contestants present.

For example, the Dark Elven Prince of the Dark Night Forest, the Fallen Angel Prince of the Demon Kingdom.

Its voice was like a furnace. “Although you’re a little weak, you can make do.”

“Come and warm up with me first.”

“What?” Upon hearing that, the dark elven prince, the fallen angel prince, and the others felt extremely humiliated.

He paid special attention to Shi Yu and regarded him as a key opponent. In the eyes of the Ancient God Golden Bull, they could only be considered warm-up tools.

This was simply too much.

“Stop dawdling.”

“You’re all overlords, right?”

“I’ve suppressed my level to the monarch level. If you can force me into a disadvantage in this state, you can tell me what you want,” Ancient God Golden Bull grinned and said domineeringly.

Upon hearing that, the expressions of the Dark Elven Prince, the Fallen Angel Prince, and the other contestants changed again.

…

At that moment, the trial had already reached the last round. Shi Yu was chased out by the Ancient God Golden Bull to rest. It pulled the Dark Elven Prince, the Fallen Angel Prince, and the other contestants to warm up.

At this point, it was no longer difficult for many factions to determine that the final inheritance of Ancient God Golden Bull was definitely still given to Shi Yu.

After all, everyone had seen Shi Yu’s strength. He should be the strongest among all the contestants at the moment.

This made the various factions very helpless. At the same time, they wanted to know how the World Tree would arrange the next world competition. Was there a need to fight?

“Shi Yu, well done.”

“And Baby Ginseng too.”

After Shi Yu returned to Dong Huang, President Lin, the gem cat, and the others were extremely excited.

The power of Baby Ginseng’s self-destruction was simply too strong.

Even the barrier known to the Eternal Divine Tree almost shattered completely.

“Rest well. As long as we fight that Ancient God Golden Bull again, the trial will all be over,” President Lin said excitedly.

The seven trial inheritances had all fallen into Dong Huang’s hands. Who else was left!

“Alright.” Shi Yu smiled and said, “So be it. I can take this opportunity to see Ancient God Golden Bull’s strength.”

Ye Xing, Divine Bell, Zheng Hai, and the others had complicated expressions.

Was it still necessary?

No matter how strong it was, the other contestants were definitely not as strong as it.

In the end, the trial inheritance would definitely still be his!

Among them, only President Lin noticed the fighting spirit that also rose in Shi Yu.

He was suddenly stunned. “Shi Yu…”

“Don’t tell me you’re here to see its strength with the intention of defeating Ancient God Golden Bull?”

President Lin’s words shocked the surrounding Tyrannical Sea Legend, the gem cat, Ye Xing, Divine Bell, and the others.

Wait a minute, what did President Lin say?

Shi Yu wanted to defeat this god?

What a joke.

That was a god.

Even a demigod was an unreachable existence.

That was a god!

Their expressions changed drastically as they looked at President Lin in disbelief, not understanding why he said that.

Although Shi Yu’s Green Dragon and Baby Ginseng were very strong, it wasn’t enough, right?

The power of the Green Dragon’s meteorite made those gods block it very easily. Although Baby Ginseng’s self-destruction had broken the barrier, that barrier was probably only one of the many insignificant methods of the Eternal Divine Tree.

They had yet to show their true divine skills.

As a battle ancient god, the Golden Bull God definitely had a supreme battle divine skill that exceeded all creatures in the modern world.

It was impossible to defeat.

In fact, being able to injure the Ancient God Golden Bull a little should be a huge achievement.

“President Lin, how do you know?” Shi Yu was extremely surprised. “You’ve also seen it. Because those gods have slept for billions of years, in addition to the incomplete laws of the world, their states are very weak.”

“The divine skill must have been suppressed and become a quasi-divine skill.”

“It should only be equivalent to a Mythical Race at the overlord level…”

“Lord Lie Shan was even affected by the Wind Kirin’s luck skill.”

“If we really fight, their current strength might not necessarily be comparable to demigods.”

“Perhaps…”

This was crazy!

At this moment, Ye Xing, Divine Bell, and the others felt that Shi Yu was crazy.

Zou Yun, Gao Xuan, Ji Feng, and the others widened their eyes and looked at Shi Yu, who was analyzing seriously, in disbelief.

What did this kid say? He… really wanted to defeat a god?

And using the current strength of the gods might not necessarily be better than demigods to prove the possibility of victory?

What a joke!!

“Hahahaha!!!”

At the same time, on the battlefield, the Dark Elven Prince, who was pulled up by the Ancient God Golden Bull first, was receiving a miserable beating.

The huge Ancient God Golden Bull turned into the form of a bullman. Its entire body was like burning metal water, and its muscles were ferocious.

Golden light wrapped around its body. As an invincible overlord, the super profundities of the Dark Elven Prince landed on the Golden Bull God that suppressed its strength at the monarch level, but it actually didn’t cause any damage at all.

However, on the contrary, the Golden Bull Ancient God only slapped out with a golden palm. The shockwaveproduced by the huge golden light instantly seemed to be spatial vibration, ravaging the dark elven prince’s body until it was riddled with holes, making its pupils turn white and its body broken. It directly smashed into the ground and created a huge pit!!

“How is it?”

“My Metal Control Divine Body.”

“This is even without activating the power of the natural order. Why did you fall before I even used any strength?”

“Ugh…” In the huge pit, the dark elven prince spat out blood crazily, shocked.

When this scene fell into the eyes of all the spectators, they could only have stunned expressions and doubt the authenticity of Ancient God Golden Bull’s words.

Suppressing strength to the monarch level?

Monarch level… Facing the big move of an invincible overlord, nothing happened. In fact, it could heavily injure an invincible overlord in one hit??

Plop.

At that moment, as the Dark Elven Prince was flattened by the Golden Bull Ancient God’s palm, the legendary human Beast Tamer in charge of strengthening the Dark Elven Prince not far away saw the gaze of the Golden Bull Ancient God and his expression immediately froze. He sat on the ground.

“No, don’t kill me…”

“So weak.” At this moment, Ancient God Golden Bull exercised his fists and feet in boredom, very dissatisfied with the strength of the Dark Elven Prince.

At this moment, everyone finally understood why the Ancient God Golden Bull could still show a calm expression in the face of such a meteorite and self-destruction.

Monster-like strength…

Even if it was suppressed to the monarch level, it could still defeat invincible overlords.

“Golden Bull, you’re too much of a bully.” In midair, Lie Shanjun, Boar God, Xuan Ming, and the other gods couldn’t help but say.

“He even used the prototype skill of a divine skill.”

The Metal Control Divine Body was the prototype skill of the divine body skill mastered by the Golden Bull Ancient God.

It was similar to the nine-colored divine light of the Holy Divine Deer.

It could be said to be the strongest skill below the Golden Bull Ancient God Divine Skill.

It had an indestructible attribute and an invincible attack damage ability.

It could be said that it was the metal-element physique Skill closest to the metal law.

“Sorry, I don’t have the habit of using other skills. I’ve dedicated all my cultivation to this body of mine.” The Golden Bull Ancient God grinned and said, “That’s why I suppressed my level to the monarch level.”

“I’ve already taken good care of these little brats.”

“Next.” Ancient God Golden Bull laughed and looked in the direction of the Demon Kingdom, at the pale Fallen Angel.

“Kids, don’t be afraid.”

“If you can’t even defeat me in this state, how can you face the future crisis?”

“How about this? Be it a stronger state or a divine skill, as long as you can force one out of me, you win. Come on!”

In the face of Ancient God Golden Bull’s challenge, the invincible overlords of the totem factions took a step back with wary expressions. Get lost!! This was clearly bullying!!