Chapter 985 - 985 God Slaying (3)

985 God Slaying (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

At that moment, when they saw the power condensed in Eleven’s hand, the gods led by Ancient God Golden Bull were stunned.

At this moment, the vast aura spreading from Eleven’s body actually gave them a feeling that it wasn’t much inferior to a True God. This unbelievable scene kept attacking everyone’s understanding.

“What about this power?”

In the face of Shi Yu’s question, Ancient God Golden Bull was already speechless.

“Metal Control Divine Body!!!”

At this moment, Ancient God Golden Bull could no longer remain calm.

What happened?

It couldn’t withstand this power!!!

If it were at its peak, although this law power was extremely high-level, it could completely ignore it with the advantage of level.

However, in this era where the power of divine skills was suppressed, everyone’s divine skills were all on the same level. It was a competition of the quality of divine skills.

It felt that its strength was completely suppressed by it. How was this possible!!

Ancient God Golden Bull’s pupils constricted, revealing a shocked expression!!!

At this moment, it actually felt his divine body being suppressed by this power of laws!!

Wait, wait!! Something was wrong!!!

It suddenly couldn’t react.

In an instant, it suddenly suspected that the person opposite it was a supreme god that had suppressed its realm and was fighting it, not a creature from an era with incomplete laws.

“Are you… monsters?!!!” It suddenly roared.

…

Below.

Everyone could clearly see that the originally calm and invincible Ancient God Golden Bull suddenly revealed a shocked expression.

Are you monsters?

Everyone trembled when they heard Ancient God Golden Bull’s roar.

Although they didn’t understand what had happened, they could confirm that the Iron-eating Beast that had undergone three consecutive Shapeshifts was also like a monster in the eyes of the Golden Bull Ancient God.

“Eleven, Yin Yang Millstone!”

At this moment, seeing Ancient God Golden Bull activate a quasi-divine skill, Shi Yu’s command was also issued.

The power of laws appeared in Eleven’s palm. Then, a stream of air surged, and the Yin Yang Millstone completely formed. Right on the heels of that, under the enlargement, it became larger and larger, as if a millstone enveloped the entire sky and smashed towards the Ancient God Golden Bull.

Buzz!!

Endless laws of metal flowed throughout Ancient God Golden Bull’s body, transforming the nature of metal in an attempt to crack this attack.

But…

Under the pupils of the Ancient God Golden Bull, it felt that its Metal Divine Body seemed incomparably small under this millstone.

Boom!!!

In order to block this attack, Ancient God Golden Bull’s body enlarged.

Endless golden light and the sound of laws spread from its body.

However, the Yin Yang Millstone crossed the Void and kept reversing and spinning, making it feel that its divine body was like a bean on the millstone, instantly broken.

“Stop for a second!!!” At this moment, Ancient God Golden Bull suddenly realized that this trial had already exceeded his tolerance range.

An attack of the Destruction Law.

An attack that heavily injured the divine body.

A large mouthful of golden blood spewed out of Ancient God Golden Bull’s mouth, dyeing the sky golden.

The bones on its body instantly shattered.

“Roar!!!” The huge Affliction made Ancient God Golden Bull let out a world-shaking scream.

A crazy gaze flowed in Ancient God Golden Bull’s eyes.

That human wasn’t bragging.

It really wanted to defeat it.

What a joke!!!

How could a future human Beast Tamer do this?

The shocking scream made Inatella fall silent.

Everyone present revealed incredulous expressions.

Everyone was stunned.

Ancient God Golden Bull’s miserable appearance completely made people lose their ability to think.

“Aba, Aba, Aba, Aba…” Under the stunned expression of the Ox-Headed Beastmaster beside Master Qu Jie, it seemed to have recalled the fear of being dominated by the Iron-eating Beast.

Impossible!!

Why could this Iron-eating Beast even suppress the bull god!!!

The destructive power of the Yin Yang Millstone directly suppressed Ancient God Golden Bull deeper into the ground.

An earthquake-like sound resounded through the entire island.

Wave after wave of shockwave wreaked havoc in the sky and earth.

Everyone was only stunned for a moment before discovering that the invincible Ancient God Golden Bull had been directly beaten into a deep pit more than a hundred meters deep.

Just now, Ancient God Golden Bull, who was still extremely disdainful of Shi Yu and the others, directly fell silent.

In midair.

The World Tree clone and many gods had shocked expressions. They sensed the weak aura of the Ancient God Golden Bull, and their eyes were filled with disbelief.

“The golden bull…”

“It fainted??”

An extremely ridiculous scene made the brains of the gods go blank.

They looked at Shi Yu and the Iron-eating Beast in extreme shock.

“That’s… a top-notch law divine skill…”

“How can they master it…”

On the battlefield, Eleven gradually returned to its initial restrained form.

The huge Yin Yang Taiji Domain also disappeared from Shi Yu’s body.

An extremely weak feeling appeared on Shi Yu and Eleven.

However, their gazes still looked in the direction where Ancient God Golden Bull fell.

They wanted to know how much damage this attack had caused to Ancient God Golden Bull.

If the other party still wanted to continue fighting, they could only send all their members to attack together.

However, as they waited, Shi Yu and Eleven never saw Ancient God Golden Bull fly up again.

Until Ancient God Golden Bull’s huge body was pulled up by the Psychic power of the World Tree clone.

Countless people looked at the body with closed eyes and bleeding all over. They opened their mouths wide.

Ancient God Golden Bull fainted???

What a joke!!!

That was a god from the Mythical Era!!!

…

“It, it, it, Teacher, what’s this!!!”

In the Dong Huang audience area, Lin Xiuzhu looked at everything in a daze and asked Ji Mengzhu.

She still knew about the Nine Li Battle Beast and the Demon God Iron-eating Beast.

However, the Chaos Iron-eating Beast that was twined in light and darkness and filled with a chaotic lightning sea had already exceeded her understanding range.

“I…” However, even the chief trainer of Emperor Wu’s Iron-eating Beast didn’t understand what kind of evolution Shi Yu’s Iron-eating Beast had experienced at this moment.

As Ji Mengzhu stammered, Senior Panda Lin Xiuzhu understood that an extremely unbelievable thing had happened to Shi Yu and Eleven again.

“Teacher, if I say that that Iron-eating Beast, Eleven, was still a little guy who couldn’t even awaken hardening in the breeding base a few years ago, would you believe me?”

Monster…

At this moment, many spectators finally understood why the expression of the originally calm Ancient God Golden Bull suddenly changed drastically and crazily called them monsters.

From the Normal audience to the Legendary demigods, at this moment, when they saw this scene, they were all crazy.

“You, you, it, what exactly is going on!!!” At this moment, the Boar God, Xuan Ming, Demon King Dragon, and the other gods asked Shi Yu in shock.

They never expected that Shi Yu didn’t manage to last five minutes in the hands of Ancient God Golden Bull, but… directly heavily injured Ancient God Golden Bull in one hit.

Moreover, he only used one pet.

The domain that resounded with the sound of laws and the terrifying millstone shocked even the gods present when they recalled it again.

They only wanted to help Ancient God Golden Bull understand what kind of monster the human in front of them was.

At the same time, they asked themselves if they could withstand that attack in their current state if they stood in the position of Ancient God Golden Bull.

“Wuuu!!!” At this moment, although Eleven, who had beaten a god in one hit, was weak, it cheered especially happily.

Its round face was filled with excitement.

Everyone, especially the Black Dragon Juggernaut and the Tyrant Dragon King, had frightened expressions.

When Shi Yu said that this guy was the strongest trump card in his team, no one originally felt anything.

But at this moment, they all knew the content of this sentence.

“Looks like we won.” Shi Yu heaved a sigh of relief under Eleven’s cheers.

So close. It looked like these gods were completely strong on the outside but weak on the inside. They had yet to completely recover. If they were stronger, they would probably have to force out the six pet fusion mecha.

It looked like this trump card could be left to future enemies.

He won?

At this moment, when they heard Shi Yu’s words, the gods felt that it was extremely ridiculous. They completely didn’t expect that Shi Yu, who had taken their trial, was such a pervert, monster, and freak. Did he… know what he had done!!