Chapter 987 - 987 Blessing Of The World Tree

987 Blessing of the World Tree

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The World Tournament had ended. No one from the various factions expected the World Tournament to end just like that. The only good news they heard might be that there would be another World Tournament next, and that bastard Shi Yu had been banned from the competition.

Fortunately, although the process of this world competition was extremely ridiculous, most factions didn’t suffer any losses.

Not only did they obtain the information of the Mythical Revival, but many contestants from the factions also obtained the rewards of the World Tree in the preliminaries.

Only the contestants from the large factions who wanted to compete with Shi Yu for the inheritance had a very miserable outcome.

“My son…”

At this moment, the Tyrant Dragon King was still immersed in grief.

“Although that little brat Shi Yu’s strength is extraordinary and he has the Blessing of the World Tree and the protection of a demigod Legendary, if I can’t avenge you, how can I still be your father?”

“But…”

“Why did you lose to that Shi Yu? You’re simply letting down your father’s nurturing. I’m ashamed to have a son like you. It’s fine not to have such a useless son. A few years is enough. I can definitely nurture a more perfect heir.”

“In the next world competition, we must make Dong Huang pay a heavy price!”

The most important thing now was to break through to demigod as soon as possible!

…

“Is it over?”

“Can we continue sleeping?”

At this moment, when the Boar God, Xuan Ming, and the other gods saw that the trial had all ended and the World Tournament had completely ended, they, who had completed their respective missions, finally felt weak and tired.

After Ancient God Golden Bull slept, they were also going to sleep.

“Yes, it’s over.”

“Everyone, you can leave on your own.”

“If there’s anything else, I’ll inform you again,” the World Tree clone said.

At the same time, it looked at Shi Yu and couldn’t wait anymore. “Champion, next, follow me to see the main body.”

“Alright,” Shi Yu said in joy.

The blessings of the World Tree and the key to activating the skill fusion were finally here.

“Please wait a moment.”

However, at this moment, Shi Yu spoke at the last minute.

With the help of Buggy in the Beast Taming Space, he teleported behind the fallen angel of the Demon Kingdom.

At this moment, the Fallen Angel, who was still recovering from its serious injuries, didn’t expect Shi Yu to suddenly teleport behind it. As Shi Yu’s palm landed on its shoulder, the Fallen Angel’s expression immediately changed, and it dodged crazily as if it was facing a great enemy.

After all, this was a ruthless person who had killed two totems and a god.

The fallen angel even suspected that even if it broke through to the totem level, it wouldn’t be Shi Yu’s match.

“What are you doing!”

He was shocked.

Skill: Soul Incarnation

[Copy successful]

Shi Yu didn’t expect the fallen angel to have such a big reaction. He said in embarrassment, “I obtained a cub of a demon race from the Mythical Era in Lord Lie Shanjun’s inheritance.”

“I plan to visit the Demon Kingdom in the future. I don’t think you won’t welcome me, right?” Shi Yu said with a smile.

“!!!” The Fallen Angel’s heart trembled and it had already lost the ability to speak.

He didn’t know how to reply to Shi Yu.

He subconsciously imagined countless scenes of meteors descending to the Demon Nation and countless ginseng babies self-destructing in the Demon Nation.

There was also the scene of that Iron-eating Beast sending him flying with a slap.

There was even a scene of countless succubi and beautiful fallen angels being snatched away by Shi Yu in the Demon Kingdom.

Who exactly was the demon?

“Agree to it.”

However, the Demon King of the Demon Nation, who was hiding in the Void, said after a moment of silence.

Shi Yu…

Although their camps were different, thinking about it carefully, there had never been any large-scale conflict between the Demon Kingdom and Dong Huang. In addition, Shi Yu had obtained the cub of the Demon God Race. This Demon King also wanted to see what Shi Yu wanted to do in the Demon Kingdom.

The myth was about to revive.

The world structure was about to be rewritten.

The enemy was about to invade.

At this moment, having another friend was better than having another enemy.

No matter how one looked at it, this Shi Yu looked like the legendary son of fate.

“Sure.” As the Fallen Angel Prince’s heart exploded, Shi Yu left without any reluctance.

Only a fool would go now that he had obtained the Skill.

What was so fun about the Demon Nation?

…

After touching the most important skill for Chi Tong’s evolution skill, Shi Yu felt that it was perfect. In his opinion, this skill was even more important than the Golden Bull God’s Metal Control Divine Body.

After all, it was too difficult to teach a divine skill after touching it. It was better to see what changes the skill fusion could bring to the skill pool of his team later. Perhaps he could also fuse a physique skill that contained the law of metal. In that case, there was no need to learn from others.

In comparison, evolution skills were what Shi Yu lacked the most at the moment.

“Go.”

At this moment, Dong Huang’s Divine Source Legendary, President Lin, and the others looked at Shi Yu with extreme joy.

Finally, after two years, another world legend appeared in Dong Huang.

Moreover, this world legend was even more valuable than the previous two batches, no, even more so than the evolution Legendary Lin Feng.

A level-six Beast Tamer had obtained the title of world legend!

Different factions looked at Shi Yu in completely different moods. However, even those factions who were very unwilling to see Shi Yu accept the blessings of the World Tree didn’t dare to say anything at this moment.

After all, as the strongest demigod, the clone of the planet’s Resistance, the World Tree knew many gods. It was far from what these demigods could do to change their minds.

“Let’s go, let’s go.”

In the next moment, the Boar God and the other gods entered their Mythical Ruins and fell asleep again. As for the World Tree clone, it also tore open a mystic realm and invited Shi Yu to enter with it.

Shi Yu glanced at the outside world and took a deep breath before entering.

He understood that after leaving, if he came out again, he would reach the top of Blue Planet.

…

World Tree Mystic Realm.

It was green.

The mystic realm was not big, but in the center, there was a huge tree that reached the sky.

It was connected to the ground and contained an ancient and heavy aura. This strongest demigod in the future that had existed since ancient times displayed holy light under the golden afterglow in the sky.

Eleven, who was on Shi Yu’s shoulder, and the World Tree clone that had returned to its worm form entered with Shi Yu.

After entering the World Tree mystic realm, the World Tree’s clone began to turn into light spots that filled the sky and fused into the World Tree.

At the same time.

A gentle voice with surprise and joy that could encompass everything came from the World Tree and appeared in Shi Yu’s Spirit and mind world.

“Congratulations.”

“Champion.”

“As an archeologist who has traced many history of the Mythical Era, I believe you have more questions than others.”

“Before I bless you, I can answer some questions I know.”

Shi Yu listened to the World Tree quietly. Standing in the mystic realm, he and Eleven looked up at the World Tree.

Shi Yu thought for a moment and asked the question he was most concerned about.

“Lord World Tree.”

“I heard that humans aren’t native creatures of this world…”

World Tree: !!!

“Who told you that? Is this also your archeological discovery?” The World Tree was even more surprised.

Shi Yu had an innocent expression and said, “No, it was Lord Lie Shan. It said it.”

The World Tree fell silent.

It had indeed told the seven revived gods about this, but it didn’t expect Lord Lie Shan to tell them after spending a while alone with Shi Yu.

“Yes, but not exactly.”

“To be precise, it’s the most primitive batch of humans, not native life forms of Blue Planet. They were brought back by a god who left Blue Planet.”

“But the humans who have the Beast Taming Space now are new races created and reproduced according to these humans as templates. They are undoubtedly lives born on Blue Planet.”

“Your mother planet is still Blue Planet.”

“But in the depths of the starry sky, there might be other humans in other worlds.”

Shi Yu was slightly surprised.

“A god who left Blue Planet?”

“That’s right. After the Mythical Era ended, many powerful gods chose to leave Blue Planet.”

“At that time, Blue Planet still needed a long time to recover and couldn’t withstand their existence. Even if they slept, they also hoped to find a new path and explore higher domains above the divine level.”

“Among them, the arrival of humans originated from the agreement between a supreme god spirit and the Blue Planet’s Resistance. I’m not sure about more content. We might only know when the Blue Planet’s Resistance completely awakens,” the World Tree said.

“You don’t know either?”

“No.”

“I can only be considered a clone of the Blue Planet’s Will. The real Blue Planet’s Resistance is ranked at the peak of the Divine Realm like the Ancestral Dragon, the Origin Phoenix, and the other supreme gods.”

“The division of the Divine Realm… Do you know?”

“The entire divine level is divided into four realms. Among them, the supreme gods of the second, third, and peak fourth realms have already left Blue Planet. Even if they sleep, the power of Blue Planet is not enough to support their habitat.”

“Perhaps they will only return one by one when the Mythical stage completely revives.”

Shi Yu was even more shocked. “Ancestral Dragon, Yuan Feng, are they still alive?”

The World Tree said, “I don’t know.”

Shi Yu: …

Sister, why did it not know anything?

“Perhaps you’ll know after you become a divine-level,” the World Tree said. “Inatella Island has a ruin that comes from the god who brought humans.”

“It once left instructions that the first human Beast Tamer to enter the divine level can enter and understand more truth.”

“At that time, this person will head to the new world it’s in.”

“Therefore, if you want to know, reach the divine level as soon as possible. At that time, you can also tell me.”

“As the person blessed by the world closest to Mythical Revival, you might be the human with the potential closest to the God Realm.”

Shi Yu: “?”

“Divine level…” Shi Yu said,” Can I know the name of that god? ”

“Sure.”

“It’s called Wa God.”

Shi Yu was shocked. Before he could think too much, the World Tree continued,

“After using the power of the world to bless you, you can definitely become a legendary Beast Tamer in seven years. When there are no shackles of the world’s laws, you can break through to the divine level when the conditions are right.”

“After all, you have two pets of Mythical Races and the Son of the Stars.”

“However…” The World Tree suddenly fell silent.

“I suddenly feel that seven years is too long for you. It will waste your talent.”

“Human, do you want to receive stronger blessings?”

“I can strengthen the World Tree Blessing and add a new effect to the original foundation.”

“Letting you have the second Beast Taming Space means that at the same level, the number of creatures you can contract will be twice that of ordinary Beast Tamers.”

“However, you need to open up this second Beast Taming Space from scratch. Similarly, after giving you a new Beast Taming Space, I hope you can nurture more pets similar to it.”

The World Tree’s gaze landed on Eleven.

This was not easy for it either. In the face of the previous world legends, it didn’t even mention it, but for Shi Yu, who had cultivated Eleven and the Green Dragon, the World Tree suddenly felt that it wasn’t necessarily a bad thing to let Shi Yu contract more pets.

He was different from other Beast Tamers. There wouldn’t be a situation where his cultivation wasn’t good.

The battle power of the six pets was evidence.

“What?”

At this moment, Shi Yu, who originally felt that the greatest effect of the World Tree Blessing was to activate the skill fusion, was suddenly stunned.

World Tree Blessing plus edition?

The second Beast Taming Space?

Talent like Yin Zhengfan?

In other words, when he reached the divine level, he could at most have 20 contract slots? There was such a good thing?