Chapter 981 - 981 The Strongest Pet

981 The Strongest Pet

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

A moment later, the Fallen Angel Prince of the Demon Kingdom was called up by Ancient God Golden Bull.

The Fallen Angel Prince of the Demon Kingdom had previously been regarded by various countries as the strongest contestant of the totem country below the Green Dragon Crown Prince and the rubber tree totem.

With two souls in one body, the Fallen Angel Race, and the dark element, a series of advantages made it the closest to a Mythical race.

In fact, when the fallen angel Aldrich was just born, the Rongguang Kingdom issued a must-kill order to it because of the phenomenon caused by its birth.

At this moment, after such a monster was pulled onto the battlefield by the Ancient God Golden Bull, it actually experienced the same inhumane torture as the Dark Elven Prince just now.

“Wah, ah, ah, ah, ah!!!”

In midair, the injured Fallen Angel Prince flew in the sky. Dark light balls that filled the sky fell like a meteor shower towards Ancient God Golden Bull.

Boom!!

In the huge smoke rising, Ancient God Golden Bull, who was currently in the form of a human, directly resisted the attack and arrived in front of the fallen angel with abnormal expressions.

“Little guy, didn’t you eat?”

“Impossible!”

“Incarnation, fusion!!” In the sky, the fallen angel Aldrich was shocked. He felt that the Golden Bull Ancient God that had been suppressed to the monarch level in front of him was even more terrifying than a totem-level opponent.

A huge threat was born in its heart, making it quickly activate its strongest Skill.

Soul incarnation.

In the next moment, a Fire Demon, a Frost Demon, a Thunder Demon, and the soul embodiments of the three demons directly appeared beside the fallen angel, Aldrich.

Then, it quickly became one with it.

Fusion evolution.

Boom!!!

The Fallen Angel Aldrich directly evolved from dark to dark, Exort, Quas, and Thunder. It spread its eight pairs of wings and turned into an eight-winged Fallen Angel. At this moment, the power of different Stats lingered on each pair of wings, looking especially strong.

Seeing the skill of the Fallen Angel Aldrich, many factions were shocked.

Even Ancient God Golden Bull revealed a surprised expression.

This was the soul incarnation that Shi Yu was thinking about and wanted to replicate for Chi Tong. At this moment, it was used by Aldrich. Its aura was instantly no different from the totem level. The race was completely only a layer of paper away from the Mythical Race.

It was extremely powerful.

However.

“The Skill is not bad, but you’re too weak.” Ancient God Golden Bull laughed. Under the shocked expression of the fallen angel that had completed its evolution, he slapped out with his palm.

As for the Fallen Angel, it quickly flapped its eight wings and collided with the destructive demon power!!

Boom!!!

In the next moment, everyone saw that in the dust mist in the sky, accompanied by spatial tearing fluctuations, two figures were sent flying by the huge aftermath of the Skill collision!!

One was from Ancient God Golden Bull, and the other was from the fallen angel.

Even Ancient God Golden Bull didn’t seem to be able to face the fallen angel’s attack so easily.

But soon, everyone realized that that didn’t seem to be the case.

The two figures that were forced back in midair, the Ancient God Golden Bull, crossed its arms and made a defensive posture. There were only small scratches on its body, and a smile was on its face.

With a boom, it landed on the ground, creating a huge pit. Its entire body still stood steadily on the ground.

As for the fallen angel opposite, it was completely tragic. Its body no longer looked human, and it directly turned into a shockwave. Just like the dark elven prince just now, it completely fainted in the huge pit.

“You’re a little stronger than that guy just now,” Ancient God Golden Bull continued to move his body and said.

“However, it’s still not enough. Why don’t all of you come up together?”

As the Fallen Angel also lost, like the members of the Dark Night Forest, on the Demon Kingdom’s side, even the Fallen Angel’s Demon King father was silent.

It didn’t expect the work he was so proud of to be so weak in front of a real god.

These demigods asked themselves. If they suppressed to the monarch level, even if they used quasi-divine skills, they might not necessarily be able to firmly suppress the fallen angel Aldrich.

Were real gods all so strange?

No one replied. Be it the contestants of the seven countries or the totem country, none of them replied when they saw the miserable state of the dark elven prince and the fallen angel.

Moreover, they were afraid that Ancient God Golden Bull would call out names next.

What a joke. Even with the strength of an invincible overlord, it couldn’t affect this monster. It was useless for them to go up.

Although the dark elven prince and the fallen angel didn’t look dead, they were still half dead.

No one wanted to carry out such a battle without any suspense.

This god was even more ridiculous than the previous gods!!

“Roar!! (This is real awesome!!)”

Of course, there were also people who were more excited from the standpoint of Ancient God Golden Bull.

In the Dong Huang area, the Ox-Headed Beastmaster beside Master Qu Jie and Miss Qu Ling was extremely excited.

If he had this strength, even if he suppressed his realm, would he have to be beaten by that Iron-eating Beast every time??

He patted its old friend excitedly. In the future, just like the West, let’s believe in this Ancient God Golden Bull.

“It’s indeed strong…”

Master Qu Jie couldn’t help but say.

However, he looked at Shi Yu in the distance and kept feeling that things weren’t that simple.

“I say, Brother Yu, do you still want to defeat it?” At this moment, Zou Yun and the others looked at the war god-like Ancient God Golden Bull with twitching expressions.

“It didn’t even use a divine skill, and it even suppressed its strength. It’s already like this…”

At that moment, Shi Yu was meditating and recuperating in the Dong Huang area. However, his Spirit had been paying attention to the battle from the beginning to the end.

Shi Yu slowly opened his eyes and said, “Isn’t it very normal? That fallen angel’s strength isn’t strong to begin with.”

How strong could it be if it was scared away by Buggy’s bit of dragon might?

The overlord level was still the overlord level.

Zou Yun and the others: ???

“No one?? Do you have to ask me to name names?” At this moment, Ancient God Golden Bull was rather speechless. Seeing that no one came up to fight him even if he didn’t name names, he couldn’t help but feel helpless.

“Let me do it.”

At this moment, in the Dong Huang area, Shi Yu had the thought of finishing early and ending work early. He controlled his Crowd Control Psychic power to float.

Most importantly, in the Beast Taming Space, Eleven was already rolling on the ground and couldn’t hold back anymore.

Divine beast!!

It wanted to fight a divine beast!!

After adding points for so long, Eleven felt that perhaps this awesome god could allow it to fight to its heart’s content.

It, who had yet to appear, really couldn’t tolerate it for another second.

“Huh??” At this moment, as Shi Yu flew up and spoke to him, the Ancient God Golden Bull looked at him.

“How long has it been? Have you rested well?”

Shi Yu said, “Lord Divine Spirit, didn’t you also fight two rounds just now?”

“It’s a little unfair for me to rest again.”

“Huh??” Ancient God Golden Bull was stunned, but then he laughed and said, “Alright, you do it.”

“Send all your pets to fight me to your heart’s content!!!”

“If it’s you, I won’t suppress my strength later. If you can last five minutes in my hands, you can name whatever reward or inheritance you want. How about that!”

At this moment, as Shi Yu appeared, no matter which faction he came from, they looked at the human Beast Tamer who had landed in front of Ancient God Golden Bull.

“Sorry…” However, just as everyone thought that Shi Yu was going to agree to the bet with Ancient God Golden Bull, Shi Yu said,” Can I only send one pet to fight first? ”

“It has been looking forward to the battle for a long time, but unfortunately, it hasn’t encountered a suitable opponent.”

“If it loses, I’ll send other pets to fight together.”

“This is an agreement between a Beast Tamer and a pet.”

“Huh???” At this moment, Shi Yu’s words directly made everyone reveal incredulous expressions.

What was Shi Yu saying?

They wanted to only send… one pet to fight?

Was he crazy?

The other party was a divine beast.

The Boar God, Xuan Ming, Lie Shanjun, Holy Divine Deer, and many other gods completely didn’t expect that after Shi Yu stood out, he would first say that he had only sent one pet to fight the Ancient God Golden Bull.

At this moment, they gradually understood the difference between the Beast Tamers of the totem countries and the Beast Tamers of the seven countries.

The Beast Tamers of the seven countries had a huge advantage in the number of contracted pets.

Shi Yu could completely use such a number advantage to use those abnormal pets to last five minutes in the hands of the Ancient God Golden Bull.

In the end, Shi Yu planned to send one?

What was he thinking?

Was he planning to send that green dragon?

“Divine Source, what does he mean?” The legendaries of the seven countries looked at Divine Source Legendary.

“Haha.” Ancient God Golden Bull was stunned for a moment before saying indifferently, “Are you serious?”

“But forget it. In that case, you can send one.”

“I’ll continue to suppress my strength to fight you.”

“Is it that green dragon?”

“Come on!”

At this moment, a huge purple summoning array appeared in front of Shi Yu.

The purple summoning array was filled with black and white lightning arcs.

Seeing Shi Yu’s summoning array again, the various factions still had subtle feelings.

In their respective factions, the dying dark elven prince and the fallen angel looked at the battlefield with difficulty.

He couldn’t understand why a freak like Shi Yu was still a level-six Beast Tamer and wasn’t even a legend.

Was the title of world legend really going to be taken away by a level-six Beast Tamer who wasn’t even at the legendary level??

Of course, at this moment, everyone was more concerned about Shi Yu’s summoning array.

Lightning…

From the fluctuations, it didn’t look like the appearance of the green dragon at all.

Not a Green Dragon? Or a ginseng baby?

Who was it?

“Could it be…” Ji Mengzhu, Lin Xiuzhu, Lin Hongnian, the gem cat, Lu Qingyi, White Brook, and the other Dong Huang spectators looked in that direction.

On the purple summoning array, under the lingering lightning, a bear cub about a meter tall appeared.

It had black and white fur, and on its round face was a pair of big black circles and bright and shining eyes.

Its black furry ears, big and short tail, and slightly plump body made it look silly and cute. However, the gaze in its eyes that shone like lightning told everyone not to underestimate its strength.

“Wuu.” Eleven looked at Ancient God Golden Bull with battle spirit in its eyes.

Come on.

God!

“This is???” Ancient God Golden Bull completely didn’t expect Shi Yu to actually send a pet that had never appeared before!!

“Its initial race is the Iron-eating Beast.”

“It’s the first pet I contracted, my initial companion who has accompanied me until now.”

“It’s also the strongest battle power in my team at the moment.”

“Therefore, Lord Divine Spirit, there’s no need to suppress your strength.”

“It’s very strong.”