Chapter 984 - 984 God Slaying (2)

984 God Slaying (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

This was not an ordinary Nine Li form, but a Nine Li form built on the restrained form of the Chaos Panda.

It was a new power developed by Shi Yu and the others.

Perhaps it was nothing in the eyes of the Ancient God Golden Bull, but it was the foundation of all Eleven’s power.

Boom!!

Was that all? The Ancient God Golden Bull had just said those words. In the next moment, as an inscription shone with black light, a demonic power surged from Eleven’s huge body again.

With a boom, everyone seemed to see the birth of a Demon God.

Eleven’s form changed again.

The armor and body seemed to have fused into one. The color changed from clearly silver and black to a mixture of white and gradually black.

This color was like dark metal absorbing light, dazzling and mysterious.

A terrifying Demon God aura could be released.

Although he could still see the outline of the Iron-eating Beast’s figure clearly, there was already a tight layer of Demon God Armor on the outside. With Eleven as the center, the terrifying power of the Demon God erupted like a storm. In the silhouette, the power of Yun An from the Abyss Evil God Race seemed to be roaring at the world.

Bang!!!!

Eleven raised its arm.

The shockwave formed by Ancient God Golden Bull’s palm was directly obliterated by the sweeping power of the Demon God that filled the sky, disappearing without a trace.

“Demon God Iron-eating Beast!!!”

Seeing this, Ji Mengzhu flew up excitedly, as if she had returned to the extremely dazzling Emperor Wu Dynasty.

“A form mastered by the Devouring Abyss Race?!!”

“How did they do it?”

The gods saw through the truth of this form at a glance. However, they didn’t expect that the aura of the Iron-eating Beast that had already erupted with such power was still increasing!!

Ancient God Golden Bull’s expression changed.

In the next moment, the Demon God Armor directly collapsed. Under the collision of light, darkness, and lightning, it kept disintegrating into energy essence that fused into Eleven’s body.

In less than a few seconds, under the eruption of the sharpness, Eleven completed three consecutive Shapeshifts in an extremely dazzling manner.

As Eleven entered the Chaos Explosion form, its power could be said to have been completely stimulated.

“Roar!!!!!”

At this moment, the black and white electric arcs that filled the sky seemed to have become Eleven’s hair. They kept floating like a chaotic ocean.

Eleven was like a Behemoth walking out of the chaos lightning sea, like the first Chaos Thunder God after the creation of the world.

At this moment, a god-like aura also erupted from Eleven’s body, shaking the sky and earth. The vast universe swept through the entire sea area.

This power was almost crushing for overlords, even for invincible overlords.

Even the totem half-gods and the various gods were very moved.

“Is this power enough??” Shi Yu asked.

His words resounded throughout the world, shocking Ancient God Golden Bull.

However…

It laughed out loud and said, “Not enough!!”

“If you want to defeat me, this level isn’t enough!!”

“However, it should be enough to please me.”

“Try attacking me. Come on, Human!!”

“Let’s see if your strength can make me take another step back!”

Boom!!!

A heavy sound of laws bloomed on Ancient God Golden Bull.

However, in the next moment, its expression changed.

“Then we’ll become stronger,” Shi Yu said.

BOOM!

As Shi Yu activated his mind domain, the air around him began to hum and vibrate.

The substantialized mental fluctuations formed black and white clueless fluctuations around him.

With his entire body wrapped in black and white energy, Shi Yu’s eyes quickly changed, directly turning into a spinning Taiji Painting. A vast and deep power bloomed from Shi Yu’s body!!

Buzz!

The sound of laws spread.

Ancient God Golden Bull revealed an incredulous expression.

Countless creatures opened their mouths wide.

They didn’t understand why the sound of laws would appear on a human.

As Shi Yu’s Psychic Eye spun, a strong force field bloomed from his body. With him as the center, it quickly formed a domain that enveloped the world.

In an instant, a huge spinning Taiji Painting appeared in the sky and ground.

The entire world became black and white.

On the horizon, there was even a star that was identical to the patterns in Shi Yu’s eyes. In this domain, it replaced the sun and moon.

It was also a black and white circular star. It was like the manifestation of Shi Yu’s Eye of the Heart. It hung on the horizon of the domain and watched everything.

Under its gaze, the Taiji Painting spinning in the sky and ground became more and more blurry. The pattern seemed to have turned into two Yin Yang fish that appeared in motion and slowly swam around Eleven.

At the same time, as if the planet was trembling, an incomparably deep sound of laws appeared on Eleven’s body. The entire island felt a huge pressure.

The consecutive changes could be said to have shocked everyone.

At this moment, Eleven seemed to have fallen into the chaos lightning and couldn’t be seen clearly.

The Yin Yang Fish swam into its hand. On its palm, a circular metal formed. The metal was black and white, one yin and one yang, one light and one dark. It was filled with two-colored lightning that fused, converted, and collided. It was extremely mysterious. Everything around it seemed to have turned into chaos, disintegrating and being obliterated.

The two voices of laws fused, instantly producing an even stronger world vibration, making the expressions of the World Tree clone, Boar God, Xuan Ming, and all the other gods change drastically.

“How is this possible!!!”