Chapter 983 - 983 God Slaying (1)

983 God Slaying (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Metal law?

It finally erupted with all its might?

At the same time.

Shi Yu and Eleven took a deep breath.

Metal laws should be relatively powerful origin laws.

However, in terms of level, it should be below Yin Yang.

“Wuu!!!!!!”

At this moment, Eleven sensed the other party’s terrifying aura and became rather serious.

However, it was still extremely stubborn and unwilling to end up like this.

The other teammates had already taken down the trial alone. When it came to it, no matter who the opponent was, it also wanted to take down a trial for Shi Yu alone.

It wanted to prove to everyone that Shi Yu’s words that Eleven was Shi Yu’s strongest pet were right!

Even if the opponent was a god, it could.

“Eleven.”

At this moment, Shi Yu’s thoughts were the same as Eleven’s. He wanted to be in this posture and fight a god.

He also firmly believed that Eleven, who he had carefully cultivated, wouldn’t be weaker than a god of the same level.

“What are you still hesitating for!!!”

At this moment, the huge Ancient God Golden Bull revealed a dissatisfied expression.

Even so, were Shi Yu and the others still unwilling to send all their pets to fight him with all their might?

“You can’t please me by being so willful.”

“Don’t you want the reward anymore?” Its voice resounded throughout the world.

At this moment, under the suppression of Ancient God Golden Bull’s huge divine might, Shi Yu and Eleven’s tiny bodies seemed to be on the verge of collapse.

However, to the surprise of many gods, even so, they didn’t seem to be affected at all.

It was as if the pressure of a god was only so-so.

“Of course.”

“However.”

“We will use our own methods to win.”

“Not by pleasing others, even gods.”

In the divine might, Shi Yu’s voice entered everyone’s ears clearly.

Shi Yu, Eleven, had a determined expression.

Let’s give it a try.

It was just the law of metal suppressed by the world.

From the current performance, it was indeed because Ancient God Golden Bull had more experience and was more powerful than Eleven’s Yin Yang Millstone.

However, there was still Shi Yu!

Beast Tamers and pets were a whole.

If he used the Taiji Domain and the Yin Yang Millstone to form a dual-divine skill, it might not be weaker than this Metal Control Divine Body.

They had a chance to heavily injure or even defeat Ancient God Golden Bull.

BOOM!

At that moment, Eleven’s overlord will completely erupted.

A valiant battle intent rose with will.

“Please don’t underestimate us.”

“Right now, it’s not our full strength.”

“Let’s fight like this.”

Shi Yu was also Infested by Eleven’s battle intent.

It was boring to please a god.

In a battle, the premise was to defeat the opponent.

Even if the opponent was a god, there had to be a mortal spirit who dared to face the might of a god. This was the domain that Beast Tamers pursued.

“What did you say???”

At this moment, facing Shi Yu’s victory declaration, Ancient God Golden Bull felt that it was unbelievable.

However, before it could react much, with a boom, under the light, a terrifying deterrence erupted from the little Iron-eating Beast.

It began to resist the divine pressure.

In the face of the Ancient God Golden Bull that erupted with all its might, Eleven directly withdrew from its weakest restrained form and erupted with sharpness!!

Invisible white flash flames bloomed from Eleven, who was covered in white light, like an erupting volcano.

“Roar!!!”

With this shocking roar, under thousands of gazes, Eleven’s form quickly changed.

“It’s Inner Power. Yes, just now, that was only the weakest form of the Iron-eating Beast!!!”

Ji Mengzhu and the other Beast Tamers of Dong Huang were originally immersed in Shi Yu’s shocked speech, but in the next moment, they shouted excitedly.

Boom!!

In the giant transformation, Eleven’s form was also changing.

It enlarged to the same height as the Ancient God Golden Bull.

As the light dissipated, its entire body was wrapped in hard black armor… The armor covering its face and head had already become the color of silver lightning.

Mysterious, domineering, honorable, and wild were the auras revealed by the Iron-eating Beast today.

Nine Li Battle Beast form!

Coupled with the black and white armor and the electric current flowing on the armor, it looked extremely ferocious, like an overlord that could suppress everything!!

Such a Shapeshift, together with the declaration just now, stunned the Golden Bull Ancient God.

In the next moment, its body rumbled and changed. It returned to its impressive tauren form and slowly flew in the sky.

Its expression revealed dissatisfaction.

“Is that all?!!!”

In the face of Eleven’s eruption, although Ancient God Golden Bull felt that the other party’s aura was indeed powerful, it wasn’t enough!!

Boom!!!

It slapped its palm at Eleven in the sky, and an incomparable golden Illuminate shook the sky and earth.

“Can it withstand 10% of my strength??”

Ancient God Golden Bull’s domineering voice resounded in the sky.

“No…”

“At the moment, it’s just gradually adapting to stronger power.”

Shi Yu stood behind Eleven and said extremely calmly. Eleven was also cultivating hard. With the help of Baby Ginseng’s Time Fruit, Eleven had already mastered its many evolution forms and perfectly fused them, allowing it to change freely.

At this moment, the eruption was the process of it completely displaying all the power it contained without holding back in order to stimulate all its potential.

At the same time, it was also a witness to its growth.

“Iron-eating Beast, Nine Li Form.”

The Nine Li form gave Eleven endless possibilities that were different from the Iron-eating Beast. Dazzling runes shone on the Iron-eating Beast’s body in the huge armor, making its overall quality complete an unprecedented increase compared to its previous restrained form.