Chapter 995 - 995 It Feels Good To Keep Fusing (4)

995 It feels good to keep fusing (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Totem level, if it was a level that was easier for the people of Dong Huang to understand, was the level above overlord, the guardians of Dong Huang!!

The guardians of Dong Huang were all Legendary-level existences. They protected various places in Dong Huang and were the guardians of the commoners. Such a creature actually participated in the World Tournament?

Fight my ass.

In an instant, the hearts of the Beast Tamers of Dong Huang turned cold. They sensed the cruelty of this world competition and had a bad feeling.

Could Ye Xing, Big Boss Divine Bell, and the others deal with the totems of the totem country??

“This…” In Ancient Capital University, An Chang clenched his fists. Unbelievable. Totem level… Didn’t that mean that it was at the same level as the Sea Dragon King?

“Gulp.” Beast Tamers all over the country swallowed their saliva.

“However!!!” In the television station, Han Lu and Gu Yu’s mouths were dry. Han Lu said, “However, these are not enough to be an obstacle to the Beast Tamers of our seven countries!!”

“No matter how strong the opponent is.”

“The champion of this world competition, the Beast Tamer who obtained the title of ‘World Legend’ this time, is still from the Seven Nation Alliance!!”

“And from Dong Huang in the Seven Nation Alliance! Yes, we’re the champions!!!”

“After two years, another world legend has appeared in our Dong Huang, the strongest legend in the world!”

Bang!!!

Upon hearing this and hearing the excited shouts of the two hosts on the television news, all the Dong Huang people watching the news were stunned with incredulous expressions.

The World Tournament was held a total of three times. The first champion was Lin Feng of Dong Huang. The second and third champions were respectively taken away by Xue Yuan and Shen Feng. In this even crueler World Tournament, although the Beast Tamers of Dong Huang had a certain amount of anticipation, they didn’t have the confidence to win.

However, at this moment, as the news was announced, the Beast Tamers holding cell phones almost crushed the cell phones in their hands. The Beast Tamers in front of the computer even smashed the table fiercely, making the keyboard vibrate. As for the Beast Tamers in front of the television, they jumped up from the sofa one after another. In their minds, they were shocked by this explosive news.

“Dong Huang won the world competition again?”

“And it was won under the competition of more than 100 countries, more than 100 legends, and even two totems??”

“Is it Ye Xing?” In the navy headquarters, General Xiao Hai and many other navy generals guessed one after another. Their expressions were also extremely shocked. Ye Xing, this peerless genius, indeed had the aptitude of a Titled Legend. If he, who was good at army skills, had some fortuitous breakthroughs, he might have a chance to defeat ordinary totem level.

“Could it be Miss Divine Bell? She’s a descendant of the Divine Source Legendary. She might be Dong Huang’s secret trump card.” Divine Bell’s fans guessed.

Beast Tamers from various fields joined in the speculation and discussion.

However.

Then, on the television channel, the sweating Gu Yu said a piece of news that shocked the country.

Many people opened their mouths wide.

“This time, the Beast Tamer representing Dong Huang to win the world championship and become the new generation’s ‘world legend’. He’s from Icefield City and Ping Cheng. He’s a second-year student of Ancient Capital University, archeologist, Shi Yu!!”

“According to the news, contestant Shi Yu forcefully killed the invincible overlord of the Western Dragon Empire, the Fire Dragon King, in the preliminaries trial.”

“Killing the totem-level life form of the Dragonman Empire, the Green Dragon Prince.”

“Killed the totem-level life form of the Origin Land, the Wex Crown Divine Tree.”

“In the preliminaries, He has killed dozens of overlords and has peerless battle power. After the preliminaries end, the main competition begins. No one dares to fight the contestants of more than a hundred countries. An invincible world legend is born!”

“The world competition ended before it even started! This is also why the national team returned so quickly.”

…

Boom!!!

At this moment, Dong Huang was no different from a strong earthquake or a volcano eruption.

An Chang from Ancient Capital University’s eyes were about to pop out. The temperature of his entire body instantly increased by more than ten degrees. He felt that his heart was beating ten times faster!

“What?!!”

The expression of the young man who was delivering packages to various places on the Wings of Wind trembled.

He recalled the young man who shyly took the package from him.

“Holy shit.”

The shouts of the Ping Cheng recruits at the gathering instantly spread throughout the restaurant, making everyone’s gazes focus.

Similarly, these people’s expressions were also filled with indescribable shock.

“Shi Yu… world legend?”

No one expected Shi Yu. After all, when Shi Yu went to battle, he was only a level-six Beast Tamer.

However, the news at this moment was that Shi Yu had killed two totems above his level in the preliminaries, scaring everyone into not daring to fight and directly advancing to a world legend in the preliminaries??

“Why does this scene look familiar?” The Beast Tamer who had seen Shi Yu participate in the National League was stunned.

Killing totems??

How was this possible!!!

The totem level was a realm that even Normal legends had to look up to.

Even the basic conditions to obtain most legendary titles were only to fight against totems. They didn’t have to defeat them, let alone kill them.

And now, it actually said that Shi Yu killed two totems in a row? He even killed dozens of overlords?

Anyone who had read a few history books knew that in the thousands of years of Dong Huang’s history, only those Legendarys could easily do it.

But now… a second-year university student had completed such an Achievement in such a cruel battle. This shock almost shocked the entire country.