Chapter 994 - 994 It Feels Good To Keep Fusing (3)

994 It feels good to keep fusing (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“I’ll fuse all super Skills into quasi-divine skills for you!”

“It’s not that urgent. There’s a lot of time next…” Ling was speechless.

The World Tournament had already ended. There were still seven years until the Mythical Revival. What was the hurry?

“This is nothing.”

“Next, we’re going to face the totem battle,” Shi Yu said. “By the way, Buggy, did you say that we’re already home?”

“Wu!!” Buggy nodded.

Even its clone had been watching television for a while.

“Ji!! (Dong Huang’s World Tournament team seems to have returned. There’s a triumphant broadcast on television.)” Buggy said.

“Is that so?”

Shi Yu said, “Then I have to contact President Lin and the others as soon as possible. They probably don’t know that I was teleported back by the World Tree in advance. High-end battle power like Divine Source Legendary and Senior Dragon God might still be waiting for me near Inatella.”

….

Ever since the team of the World Tournament went to Inatella, the people in the country had been nervously waiting for news.

For Beast Tamers who couldn’t go to Inatella personally, the outcome had already seriously affected the quality of their sleep.

Some students even sighed. They had never been so nervous when it came to the college entrance examination results, confessing to the class goddess, and cheating in the exam.

What would the outcome of the World Tournament be? This topic had already occupied the trending list of Dong Huang for a week. From top to bottom, from the legends and guardians guarding the country to the students who had yet to become Beast Tamers… They were all looking forward to it!

Therefore, when there was news that the world competition team had returned, the entire country was shocked. They all guarded the live broadcast channel of the television.

The popular hosts of the Dong Huang Radio and Television Station, Gu Yu and Han Lu, were trying their best to suppress their expressions and prepare to report the results of Dong Huang’s World Tournament to the country.

…

Ancient Capital University.

“An Chang, An Chang, the world competition team is back!!”

“Look at the cell phone live broadcast.”

Because An Chang of Ancient Capital University had obtained a temporary opportunity to participate in the National League soon, he didn’t accompany them to the World Tournament venue. Instead, he prepared to not miss any time to improve himself and chose to stay in the school to cultivate bitterly.

He planned to use the results of the National League to repay Shi Yu and the Sea Dragon King.

However, he had also been looking forward to Senior Shi Yu’s return. He believed that although Shi Yu wasn’t a legend yet, with Shi Yu’s strength, he could definitely achieve pretty good results in the World Tournament.

In the training room, An Chang, who was training, received a call from a female classmate. He was immediately shocked and quickly turned on his cell phone.

Wu Ling City.

The three new armies who were training had different statuses under their training, so they naturally didn’t have the chance to go to such a high-end place like the World Tournament venue. However, at this moment, during the break, they also stared at the live broadcast uniformly.

“I say…” In a restaurant, a group of new recruits from Ping Cheng, apothecary Qiao Liang, who had sold supplements to Shi Yu, the top student of the Quas Armored Beast, Chen Kai, and the Iron-eating Beast Tamer Zhuang Yue, who had changed their fate because of Shi Yu…

In addition, the elite apprentices of Bamboo Stone Dojo, Jiang Rui, and Little Bear Yan Qi, these fellow villagers of Ping Cheng, were having a meal during their break time and happened to wait for the live broadcast together. All of them couldn’t help but be especially nervous.

“I wonder how Shi Yu’s situation is. The news should tell us about his situation later.”

“Before going, Shi Yu was seventh in the Sequence, right? He hasn’t reached the Legend level yet. I wonder if there are any opportunities to break through to the Legend level during the World Tournament. If he can, that would be impressive, awesome.”

“It’s difficult, but even if he’s level six, as the number one person below the legend of Dong Huang, Shi Yu’s results definitely won’t be bad.”

They discussed with a smile, clearly proud to know Shi Yu.

“It’s mainly about Dong Huang’s overall results. This is the most important…”

In various places in Dong Huang… President Xia of Demon Capital, Legend Xiao of the navy, and Legend Yin Cuanqi of the Ancient Capital… These legends couldn’t go to Inatella to guard Dong Huang. They were also paying attention.

In front of the television station, Han Lu and Gu Yu took a deep breath. Their expressions were so serious that everyone swallowed their saliva.

The female host, Han Lu, said, “A total of 106 countries responded to this world competition. Among them, apart from our Seven Nation Alliance, there are also 99 totem countries.”

“Among the 106 factions, there are a total of 702 contestants. Among them, there are a total of 136 legendary Beast Tamers who have reached level seven!”

“There are countless overlord-level pets. Among the contestants of the totem country, two Beast Tamers even contracted totem-level pets above their level because of their special talent.”

“It can be said to be the cruelest world competition.”

Boom!!

At this point, the Beast Tamers everywhere in Dong Huang were stunned.

“Holy shit.”

“136?”

“You’re not kidding, right?”

“Doesn’t that mean… it’s more than all the legends in Dong Huang combined?”

“Not only that… Even including those who died in the past few decades, there aren’t that many.”

136 legends!

This time, there were a few legends participating in Dong Huang. Everyone naturally knew that the other six countries definitely wouldn’t exceed Dong Huang. However, there were actually so many legendary Beast Tamers in the totem country?

This was the first time the people of Dong Huang understood the power of the totem countries so clearly… Moreover, these were all legends under the age of 30!

In the previous world competitions, the number of legendary Beast Tamers had never exceeded 20. This time, there were directly more than 100!!

In addition, what made them most difficult to breathe was the totem-level pet? What a joke.

Wasn’t that the level that only legendary Beast Tamers were qualified to contract?