Chapter 991 - 991 Chi Tong Evolved Again (1)

991 Chi Tong Evolved Again (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“What do you want?”

“Ah… I’m just curious.”

Curious?

The World Tree was silent.

If it were others who were curious, the World Tree would believe it.

However, Shi Yu… As the guy who took all the reward for the seven trial inheritances, the World Tree didn’t believe that Shi Yu was purely curious.

However…

At the time of the next world competition.

“I’m not sure either.”

If the World Tree could still predict it previously…

Then now, after giving Shi Yu the strengthened blessing, the World Tree didn’t know how long it would sleep for.

But what was certain was that he would definitely wake up within seven years.

“Alright,” Shi Yu said with a smile.

If he wasn’t sure, he would see.

If Lin Feng could go from Legend to Legendary in two years, he felt that he should be able to too.

Even if his meditation speed would be delayed because of the second Beast Taming Space, the problem was that he still had Little Zi, a cultivation support tool.

At that time, standing at the height of the legendary level and contracting a demigod-level ginseng baby, Shi Yu didn’t believe that he couldn’t nurture a Titled Legend genius who could fight totems above his level.

He also wanted the next blessing of the World Tree. He couldn’t let good things go to outsiders.

“By the way.”

At the thought of the second Beast Taming Space, Shi Yu suddenly noticed a huge problem.

He asked, “Lord World Tree, after the second Beast Taming Space is established, will it awaken a new Beast Taming Talent like the original Beast Taming Space?”

The World Tree said, “Yes.”

“But I’ve never opened up a second Beast Taming Space for humans. You’re the first.”

“Therefore, I can’t be sure what talent will awaken.”

“There’s a high chance that it’s still a telepathy talent.”

Shi Yu: “?”

Damn…

What was the use of having two telepathy talents?

Could it sense it himself?

“However, it’s also possible that it’s another Beast Taming Talent.”

“You have to explore everything yourself.”

Shi Yu scratched his face slightly. Forget it.

He could do whatever he wanted. If he awakened a strengthening talent, it would be the same as dual telepathy. Shi Yu felt that it was useless.

Considering that most Beast Taming Talents were extremely useless to him, Shi Yu no longer looked forward to it.

Even if it mutated into a new talent, it was most likely not very useful.

“Alright.” At this moment, after Baby Ginseng completed its evolution and Shi Yu completely accepted the blessing, the World Tree said, “Your other pets are also on the verge of breaking through, right?”

“After leaving here, don’t waste your cultivation.”

“Cultivate more pets.”

“Try to reach the God Realm as soon as possible. If there are no other problems, I won’t keep you.”

“After blessing you, I’ve consumed too much energy. I might have to sleep for a period of time…”

“I’ll teleport you to Dong Huang’s surroundings…”

At this point, the World Tree’s voice became weaker and weaker.

At the same time, spatial light enveloped Shi Yu and the others.

Shi Yu was shocked. He still had many things to ask.

“Wait.” Shi Yu was just about to say something when suddenly, in a flash, he, Eleven, and the others were teleported to the outside world.

In the outside world.

There was no longer Inatella Island in sight.

Shi Yu and the others appeared out of thin air above the sea.

Perhaps it was afraid that he would encounter danger. After all, there were a bunch of demigods around Inatella. The World Tree directly teleported Shi Yu to Dong Huang.

Looking at this unfamiliar and familiar environment, Shi Yu was at a loss.

Wasn’t this the sea area near the Ice Dragon Snow Mountain?

However, this was not the most important thing.

Most importantly, he had yet to receive the reward from Ancient God Golden Bull.

Why was it teleported back? Did it have to be so scammy??

“You want to devour my reward?” Shi Yu was stunned. No, no, that was a god.

It couldn’t run away.

“Wuu.” “Wu.” “Yi.” “Mi.” “Ning.” “Master.”

“Next, should we arrange for Chi Tong’s breakthrough?”

At this moment, Shi Yu and the others floated in the sky above the sea. Ling couldn’t help but remind them.

Eleven, Buggy, and Baby Ginseng had already broken through to the overlord level.

Eleven and Baby Ginseng were both Mythical Races at the overlord level. Buggy was a god of faith in the starry sky. It wasn’t a Mythical Race, but it was better than a Mythical Race.

Next, wasn’t it a little inappropriate for the three sisters not to break through to the overlord level?

It and Susu were not in a hurry. Susu’s Blue Sea Contract, its Wind Spirit Bead, still had room for improvement. At the moment, it was not the most perfect time to break through.

But there shouldn’t be anything to wait for on Chi Tong’s side.

It was already the best time to break through to the overlord level.

Under the sisterly love, seeing that the three brothers had all been strengthened at the epic level, the three sisters couldn’t wait to strengthen themselves anymore.

If he broke through, wouldn’t it be easier to add points?

“Yes.” Shi Yu looked at them.

Chi Tong indeed needed to be especially careful!

“Isn’t it time for a perfect Spirit Release?” Shi Yu asked Chi Tong.

“Mi!! Mi!!” At this moment, Chi Tong couldn’t hold it in anymore. It was looking forward to it.

Spirit Release Skill.

A bloodline atavism skill.

Every time it broke through proficiency, Chi Tong would obtain a new form.

It wasn’t completely evolution, but it was similar to evolution.

At the proficient level, Chi Tong awakened its bird spirit form and mastered flames that could recover its stamina.

At the expert level, it awakened the Phoenix Spirit Form, allowing Chi Tong to master flames and phoenix might that could heal injuries.

Then what kind of new form would it awaken at the perfect level?

Although he had already replicated the evolution skill Soul Incarnation for Chi Tong, it didn’t affect him from seeing the form of the perfect-level Spirit Release first.

“Let’s go to the ruins.”

“In addition, Buggy, send a clone to pull the ruins space back to Ping Cheng first.”

Buggy: Ji?!

The little azure dragon that looked like a Green Silkworm was shocked.

It was it again!

Eleven, Baby Ginseng, and the others looked at Buggy.

“Wuu.” “Yi.”

Who else could it be?

The Green Dragon Kart charged forward.

“Wu.” Buggy had tears in its eyes. When would another guy with Instant Transmission come to the second team?

Little Ji, Duckie, Little Purple, Qi, and even that Horned Demon looked unreliable.

Forget it, fortunately, he was squeezing his clone dry.

….

In the Legendary Ruins space.

Shi Yu took Chi Tong’s Sun Flame Flower and bone Sword and gave them to it as breakthrough resources.

The first batch of Legendary resources prepared for Team One was almost completely used up this time.

As for divine-level resources like the Flame of Life, Chi Tong couldn’t use them in its current state.

“Mimi!!!” At this moment, the little red sword spirit, Chi Tong, flew around the Sun Flame Flower and the bone sword excitedly, already impatient to devour these two things.

“Hurry up and break through.”

“By the way, don’t keep that dragon either.”

“I feel that it’s no longer enough.”

“After that, we’ll upgrade Undead Revival to transcendent and refine the totem puppet.”

Chi Tong:!!!

Shi Yu smiled at Chi Tong. Eleven and the others had already surrounded it.

“Mi!! (Don’t look.)”

Chi Tong was a little panicked.

Chi Tong knew that it was only using a Normal Spirit Release this time, so it didn’t have much hope.

It only hoped that after the Spirit Release this time, it could be a little stronger. Then, it would be satisfied.

Now that it was being stared at by so many big shots, it felt very pressured.

“Wuu!!” “Wu!!” “Yi!!” Eleven and the others expressed that there was no problem, but they still refused to leave.

Chi Tong: …

Chi Tong didn’t care anymore. It directly burned the Fire Dragon King in the undead space to death and let it become nutrients for the Spirit Release.

In the next moment.

Boom!!

Little Chi Tong’s body emitted the light of the sun, and its body turned into a fire vortex, erupting with a huge gravity that absorbed the Sun Flame Flower and the bone Sword on the ground!!

The flames instantly fused with the Sun Flame Flower, and the bone Sword disappeared from the flames, turning into nutrients for Chi Tong’s own growth.

Although that wasn’t how the bone sword was used, Shi Yu and the others didn’t consider the cost-effective ratio of such a resource that was about to be eliminated.

During this process, Little Chi Tong’s aura gradually strengthened.

The overlord’s will was undoubtedly displayed.

A moment later, its body erupted with a soaring fire light. Its growth level directly broke through to the overlord level.

Energy Points: 75,770,000

It wasn’t like Eleven, Buggy, and Baby Ginseng breaking through and evolving, directly exceeding the limit of the overlord level.

A relatively ordinary energy value, but it was actually not bad. Just looking at the normal energy value and not looking at any other Stats, it had already reached the standard of a top-notch overlord.

The Space Emperor’s Void Mantis had just broken through and only had a little more than 60 million energy points.

Without undergoing heaven-defying evolution breakthroughs like Eleven, Buggy, and Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong only relied on its Spirit Release Skill and standard resources to reach this level just after breaking through. Shi Yu was already very satisfied.

However, what surprised Shi Yu the most was that Chi Tong’s perfect Spirit Release this time had actually awakened a new Race Skill.

The previous two Spirit Releases had only changed the nature of the Fire and Deterrence, not a new Skill.

“This is…”

Moreover, it was a skill that Shi Yu never expected.

[Skill Name]: Sword Dao Will

Skill Level: Advanced

< Introduction > It’s a special talent skill. Creatures with this skill can cultivate sword-type skills with twice the results with half the effort. At the same time, the power of their sword moves will increase, and they can better control various sword-type Arms.

Shi Yu was very shocked.

But soon, he suddenly realized.

This was normal.

General Mu Huiyin was originally a peerless genius in the Sword Dao. From the fact that the Interlocking Sword was her signature Skill, and a pet like the Ice Dragon could only be considered a mount and a cooler, it could be seen that this was a ruthless person like Shi Yu who liked to fight himself.

In addition, Chi Tong was a heroic spirit in the form of a sword spirit. At the perfect Spirit Release stage, it was very normal for it to inherit the Sword Dao talent in Mu Huiyin’s bloodline.

Shi Yu was delighted.

This way, wouldn’t it be even more stable?

There was no need to think about the next soul clones. They had to all be sword-type clones.

There were so many different swords…

The red flames from the Sun Flame Flower, the gray soul aura from the bone sword, and the white advancement light intertwined. Soon, a figure walked out of the monstrous flames.

At this moment, Chi Tong immediately completed the Spirit Release breakthrough.

Its fourth form appeared after the sword spirit, bird spirit, and phoenix spirit.

In the flames, it was a humanoid figure! She was about 15 to 16 years old. She had a beautiful face and was peerlessly delicate. She was wearing silver armor and held a bone sword filled with flames. She had red hair and red pupils that draped over her shoulders. Outside her phantom body that looked like a soul, Phoenix spiritual aura that was like the flames of the sun was wrapped. Her aura was peerless!

At this moment, Shi Yu and the others were all extremely shocked. They didn’t expect Chi Tong’s perfect Spirit Release form to actually return to its most primitive image. Looking at this form that was like the twin sister of General Mu Huiyin, Shi Yu subconsciously thought of a name.

“Chi Tong, Sword Maiden Form.”

“Mi.” Chi Tong nodded in satisfaction. Alright.

Shi Yu: “?”

Shi Yu fell into deep thought. His pets’ strength was almost catching up to those old monsters who had lived for hundreds or thousands of years. Apart from Ling, they didn’t seem to have systematically learned human language.

Forget it, it wasn’t a big problem. In any case, he had telepathy. However, apart from Buggy, Eleven, Chi Tong, and the others didn’t seem to know how to communicate telepathically with other lives. They could only communicate passively and couldn’t take the initiative to let low-level creatures who couldn’t communicate telepathically understand his words.

It could only make faces and use expressions. Was this considered a biased subject…