Chapter 998 - 998 Contract And Awakening (2)

998 Contract and Awakening (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

However, because he had just broken through, Shi Yu had yet to modify the space.

Moreover… Even after modification, Eleven and the others couldn’t train in the Beast Taming Space.

That… would destroy Shi Yu’s Beast Taming Space… It was no different from breaking free from the contract. It could directly take Shi Yu’s life.

Of course, Shi Yu felt that if it were a normal pet, just sleeping in the Beast Taming Space was much better than normal training and growth effects.

Unfortunately, Eleven and the others were abnormal. In addition, it was more efficient to add points.

Shi Yu said, “Moreover, Little Zi’s inner space has to be modified…”

“Take your time.” Shi Yu sat down again and said, “Ling, I’ll sleep for a while. Call me when Teacher Ying returns.”

“Okay.”

….

Shi Yu slept in a daze and felt that he slept very soundly.

A long time later.

“Meow!!!”

In the sky above the Demon Capital Sea, the gem cat was flying crazily in the direction of Ping Cheng!!

Boom!!

The aftermath of its flight caused monstrous waves, shocking the little fish and shrimps below.

A moment later.

Ping Cheng.

A cat appeared outside Shi Yu’s room. It looked around and kept knocking on the space.

“Shi Yu, Shi Yu, I’m here!!”

“I want to evolve into a nine-colored meow!”

…

“Why are you so fast!!”

Shi Yu was called out by Ling with a splitting headache. He looked at the gem cat in front of him and didn’t understand why it had rushed back from Inatella so quickly.

He felt that he had not slept for long…

“Guess.” The gem cat chuckled.

“No thanks. Take it.” Shi Yu rubbed his temples and took out the inheritance crystal of the nine-colored divine light, preparing to throw it to the gem cat.

Gem Cat: o(〃’▽’〃)o

However.

Shi Yu held the inheritance crystal and did not throw it out.

The gem cat: “?”

Wu wu wu.

The gem cat looked at the inheritance crystal eagerly.

“By the way…” Shi Yu said,” Teacher Cat, do me a favor. ”

“Tell me, tell me.” The gem cat still looked at the inheritance crystal eagerly.

“I’ll tell you when I’ve thought about it.”

The gem cat: “?”

The gem cat took the inheritance crystal and muttered, “Fine!”

It had already expected that this inheritance crystal was equivalent to a slave contract. So be it!

As long as it didn’t fight demigods, everything was fine.

“Then I’ll absorb it.” The gem cat took the inheritance crystal and immediately couldn’t wait.

As for Shi Yu, he also nodded heavily. He was curious about how far the gem cat’s strength could reach after accepting the nine-colored divine light inheritance.

If it was weak, it would stay in Dong Huang and work for him. It would be in charge of helping train the various armies.

If it was strong, he would pull it beside him and continue to be a bodyguard…

After the gem cat entered the independent space and began to enter seclusion to absorb it, Shi Yu gradually woke up.

Although he didn’t sleep for long, with various supplements in his stomach, sleep was only to better absorb the medicinal effect.

Shi Yu stretched and sat on the sofa. He was just about to watch television and see how the major media outlets were bragging about him when suddenly, the second Beast Taming Space loosened a little.

“Holy shit.”

Shi Yu was shocked and suddenly stood up. He didn’t notice it just now, but now that he sensed it carefully, his first Beast Taming Space and second Beast Taming Space were automatically strengthening?

It was as if he was meditating at all times.

Although it was much lower than his own meditation efficiency, only 1%, it was automatic.

“Is this also the benefit of contracting the Son of the Stars?” Shi Yu hurriedly sat down again. He sensed the loosening of the second Beast Taming Space. At this moment, he had also entered a meditative state.

He wanted to immediately open up the second Beast Taming Space and know what the talent attached to this Beast Taming Space was.

About two minutes later.

The chaotic second Beast Taming Space formed a transparent spatial crystal wall. A level-one Beast Taming Space that represented trainee Beast Tamers slowly opened in Shi Yu’s body.

Shi Yu could sense that it and the first Beast Taming Space were independent of each other. They might not be able to fuse together in the short term.

At this moment, this was not what Shi Yu was most concerned about. What concerned Shi Yu the most was…

Boom!!

Shi Yu suddenly opened his eyes.

He had really awakened a new Beast Taming Talent.

However, Shi Yu did not expect this Beast Taming Talent no matter what.

“How can it be this talent…” Shi Yu was stunned.

He wouldn’t be surprised if another telepathy talent attached to two Beast Taming Spaces.

However, Shi Yu didn’t expect that he had actually awakened the “body control” talent.

That’s right, it was the body control talent of Legend Bai Chuan of the Seven Islands.

The one he plundered through the Talent Bead…

At this moment, the Talent Bead was still in his hand. He had actually awakened the same talent for a moment. It was no wonder that Shi Yu was stunned.

“Is this because I’ve used the Talent Control Bead too many times?”

“If that’s the case, fortunately, it didn’t awaken the ‘Awakening Talent’. This talent is really useless.”

After all, Shi Yu had no intention of changing his profession to a full-time Mechanic.

Body control talent…

Shi Yu’s expression was complicated, but soon, he smiled in satisfaction.

It was not a loss!!

It was better than some metal-element strengthening talent and fire-element strengthening talent.

Although it was inferior to talents like time, spatial strengthening, and evolution, it was still a first-rate talent.

Although he had a Body Control Talent Bead, it didn’t affect him at all.

The talent level plundered from the plundering tool depended on the talent level of the original Beast Tamer. After passing by, it couldn’t grow.

In other words, the physical control talent of the Talent Bead was equivalent to the development level of a level-seven Beast Tamer.

However, Shi Yu’s own physical control talent could be raised to legendary and divine level as the second Beast Taming Space leveled up.

For Shi Yu to better develop his body, Spirit, soul, and mental strength next, this talent was more useful than most talents.

Moreover, the physical control talent could also be used on pets. It could help pets better control their physical strength.

Perhaps… it would be helpful to help Little Zi open up its inner world and help Duckie master the abyss form.

These were all high-level usage methods. Apart from that, the body control talent could also freely control oneself. For example, if Shi Yu wanted to change his appearance and hair color, he didn’t need the Time Fruit at all.

When he developed his body control talent, he could become anything he wanted. He could even do a gender transformation. However, maintaining his new form required more physical strength.

With the talent EXP of Legend Bai Chuan’s life, Shi Yu still knew this talent very well.

“It’s another support talent like telepathy and the Skill Index. This might not be the best talent, but it should be the most suitable talent for me at the moment,” Shi Yu said.

Very good, when he went abroad to have fun later, it would be easier to rely on his physical control talent to change his appearance.

Moreover…

“Interesting.” Shi Yu activated the contract halo of the second Beast Taming Space and the summoning array.

He looked at the almost transparent summoning array in front of him and was directly amused.

Wasn’t this the formation phenomenon of a Beast Tamer intern?

“The colors of the spatial crystal wall are also separated. This way, if I contract Little Ji in the second space later and summon it, no one will think that I’m a legend Beast Tamer. Instead, they will think that I’m a low-level Beast Tamer.”

“Coupled with my physical control talent, even in front of demigods, probably no one can recognize me as Shi Yu…”

“But these are all superficial. The most important thing is to quickly increase my battle power. The truth is to be able to fight a demigod head-on.”

After awakening his new talent, Shi Yu felt that his current physical state was surprisingly good. He couldn’t help but take out the Eternal Flower he had collected.

This was a divine-level resource.

Eat it and its lifespan would immediately increase by 10,000 years!

Before its lifespan was exhausted, it would never Decrepify and would always maintain its peak state!

Shi Yu took a deep breath. Without a word, he ate the divine-level resource himself.

The World Tree Fruit that represented comprehension, the Undying Fruit that represented the soul… Now, in addition to the Eternal Flower that represented life, after eating it, Shi Yu planned to immediately try the fusion of super skills!