Chapter 996 - 996 It Feels Good To Keep Fusing (5)

996 It feels good to keep fusing (5)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

….

Most of Dong Huang’s personnel had already landed at the Demon Capital port. At this moment, President Lin was picking up Shi Yu’s call in confusion.

“Where are you, Shi Yu?” President Lin said.

“President Lin, I’m in Ping Cheng. After the World Tree Blessing ended, the World Tree directly teleported me back to the vicinity of Dong Huang.”

“You’re actually already back…” President Lin heaved a sigh of relief and said,” Senior Divine Source, Lord Dragon God, Ying, and the other guardians of Dong Huang are still waiting for you in the Inatella Sea. ”

“But since you’re back, it’s fine. I’ll contact Senior Divine Source and the others through special methods to return.”

“You’ve worked hard,” Shi Yu said.

He should quickly get Teacher Cat back. He could imagine that the cat couldn’t wait to take away the inheritance crystal and become a top-notch totem.

“No… You’re the one who’s working hard,” President Lin said.

“Rest well first. If you have any thoughts next, tell me at any time.”

“Yes, alright.” Shi Yu nodded.

He really had an idea. After working overtime and entering seclusion for a period of time, he might not stay in Dong Huang for long…

He planned to bring Qi to the Space-time Dragon Vein to recuperate and train the Mythical Revival Skill.

In Qi’s words, as long as it used the Space-time Dragon Vein that had already recovered a portion of its energy because the Mythical stage was about to revive to quickly recover its power and absorb and store enough space-time energy, it could also transmigrate into space-time without the complete completion of the world’s laws.

However, the restrictions on transmigration would be slightly greater.

Its state was the same as Ancient God Golden Bull and the others. Even if it recovered, it was still very weak. Divine skill Space-time Travel could only be equivalent to quasi-divine skill Space-time Travel, and it couldn’t display all its strength.

Every time he transmigrated during the Cultivationless Age, he needed to consume a certain amount of the power of the Space-time Dragon Vein. Moreover, the year he transmigrated couldn’t be too long. Thousands of years was the limit. In the distant future, the power of the Space-time Dragon Vein might still be in a dried up state. If he went, he wouldn’t be able to return. It was even more extravagant to want to directly return to the Mythical Era.

Qi even suspected that because it had been too long, even if she recovered to her peak, it was still another matter if she could transmigrate back.

However, these were actually not problems. Shi Yu originally only wanted to return to the era of Emperor Shi, Emperor Wu, and the empress to take a look. At the moment, he didn’t dare to have any thoughts about the Mythical Era. It was really because his strength didn’t meet the standard. He didn’t dare to go, afraid that he wouldn’t be able to return if he encountered danger.

However, if it was the era of Emperor Shi, Emperor Wu, and the empress, Shi Yu felt that it was not a problem to take a trip after developing for a period of time.

The highest was the era of demigods. So be it. Who was afraid of who? If he couldn’t defeat them, couldn’t he run?

In the ancient totem battle, he wanted to be a shit stirrer.

He would bring Mother Dragon and Chi Tong to see General Mu Huiyin…

He would go and show Emperor Wu the Chaos Panda and take some inscription metal for the Fusion Skill…

Letting Susu PK Yun An and see if the Undying Dark Phoenix was Chi Tong’s biological mother… and if the empress was Chi Tong’s sister made Shi Yu look forward to it too much.

Cough, cough, cough. Of course, there was also the promise to the Dragon God to bring her to the Dragon Emperor Era. Shi Yu would definitely fulfill his promise. Master Yuan Meng was talking about him.

However, the Mythical remnant soul that injured the Dragon Emperor sounded a little fierce. He couldn’t even defeat a Legendary Beast Tamer, so Shi Yu didn’t plan to go too early. It was better to bring the Dragon God along to play after he could defeat a demigod. Otherwise, it would be sending himself to death.

He planned to use the totem war of the Emperor Wu Era to level up first. After all, the Yun Race sounded easy to fight and invincible.