Chapter 990 - 990 Breaking Through To Legendary (3)

990 Breaking Through to Legendary (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Baby Ginseng, evolve…”

Shi Yu closed his eyes.

In the dark world, Shi Yu saw a blue planet, Earth, and the huge tree growing on it in his heart.

[World Tree Domain]

Boom!!

Shi Yu opened his eyes. At this moment, his eyes turned emerald green, containing a huge life force.

As Shi Yu activated his mind domain, the air around him began to hum and vibrate.

The substantialized mental wave formed green ripples around him.

In the next moment, as Shi Yu’s Psychic Eye spun, a strong wave bloomed from his body. With him as the center, it quickly formed a domain that enveloped the world and overlapped with the World Tree mystic realm.

“No matter how many times I watch it, I still feel that it’s magical,” the World Tree couldn’t help but say.

The entire world turned green.

“Yi.” Baby Ginseng’s firm gaze was connected to the Earth Chain, connecting a pile of Fruits of Life and the Divine Earth of Life.

At the same time, the light representing the World Tree’s blessing continued to descend from the sky and flow into Baby Ginseng’s body.

Boom!!!

Under the enhancement of endless power, an evolution light enveloped Baby Ginseng!!

Its form suddenly changed.

From the originally small ginseng baby form, it gradually grew strong, as if it had turned into a sapling and gradually grew into a towering divine tree.

It was dozens of meters tall. During its growth, fruits formed on the tree. When its branches bloomed, every fruit on every branch was like a new ginseng baby.

Soon, the light dissipated and it appeared in a new form.

A huge cream-colored trunk, emerald green leaves, moon-like golden branches, sun-like fiery red flowers, fruits that looked like ginseng babies, decorated this complete divine tree.

On the divine tree, as the core fruit of the entire plant life, it opened its eyes and stood on the divine tree. Its form was no different from the ginseng baby before evolution, but its aura was more than a little larger.

At this moment, this ginseng baby was looking at its world in extreme joy.

It took off!

Energy Points: ???

“It didn’t absorb more than half of the Fruit of Life for nothing.”

Of the more than 40 Legendary quality level-eight Fruits of Life, only 20 were directly absorbed by Baby Ginseng. Half of the four Legendary quality legendary Fruits of Life were also absorbed by Baby Ginseng.

Under the feedback of Baby Ginseng, no, it should be said that Shi Yu’s green eyes were also filled with surprise.

“Wuhu ~” Eleven, Buggy, and the others were also suddenly happy.

Because…

[Skill Name]: World Tree Fruit

[Level]: Super

[Stats]: Wood

< Introduction > It can increase the user’s comprehension and increase the limit of their learning ability.

Shi Yu called it heaven-defying.

The World Tree Fruit he ate was back!

Although what Baby Ginseng created was definitely not as powerful as the Mythical World Tree Fruit given by the World Tree, but… how could it be solved? It was fine to add points!

Coupled with the blessings of the World Tree, Shi Yu felt that even if it was a non-racial Skill, Eleven and the others could train to death, aiming for Dao Proficiency.

This was also the source of Eleven and the others’ excitement.

However, in this evolution, Baby Ginseng didn’t just awaken this new Skill. There was another one.

[Skill Name]: World Favor

[Level]: Quasi God-level Skill

< Introduction > It can borrow the power of the world to let skills cultivated to the extreme have the ability to touch laws and become pseudo-god skills.

Quasi-divine skill!

In other words…

< Name > Baby Ginseng

[Race]: World Ginseng

[Race Level]: Low-level Mythical Race

[Level of Growth]: Overlord

Baby Ginseng had also become a Mythical Race!

The favor of the world wasn’t the strongest skill, but for Baby Ginseng, this was the most cost-effective skill.

This was an extremely comprehensive strengthening divine skill.

It had a similar effect to Shi Yu’s World Tree Domain. It could allow all the skills that Baby Ginseng had reached Dao Proficiency to be strengthened by the divine level and display an effect close to a divine skill. Even low, intermediate, and high-level skills were the same. They could be called pseudo-god skills and small divine skills.

It could be said that not only did it increase Baby Ginseng’s battle power, but it also strengthened its support, healing, and many other abilities in all aspects.

Shi Yu felt that it could be used with the World Tree Domain. The Effect was similar to the Taiji Domain and the Yin Yang Millstone.

“Not bad.”

At this moment, looking at the ginseng baby that had completed its evolution, the World Tree nodded and said, “It has indeed awakened an impressive skill. I can feel that it can borrow the power of the world relatively easily like me.”

“Yes.” Shi Yu nodded.

“However, there are also restrictions to such a Skill. That is, only a world that allows it to borrow power can maximize the effect. If you go to other worlds in the future and are rejected by the world’s will, this Skill will be useless. However, if it cooperates with your mind domain, it might be able to change this situation.”

“Then now, Baby Ginseng can also be called a Mythical Race, right?”

The World Tree said, “It can be called a low-level Mythical Race.”

Three… This way, Shi Yu would contract three creatures of Mythical Races.

The World Tree felt more and more that the potential of this world legend was very huge.

Mechanical Illusion God of a low-level Mythical Race, World Ginseng, and that Iron-eating Beast with stronger potential…

At the moment, it couldn’t determine the full potential of that Iron-eating Beast.

The full power of that divine skill might only be displayed after the Mythical Revival. Whether it was a high-level Mythical Race or a cub of a top-notch Mythical Race depended on what kind of transformation it could undergo after the Mythical Revival.

“Yiya!” At this moment, the evolution was completed. Under the control of the plant, Baby Ginseng sealed the entire world ginseng form in its body. It still felt that it was more convenient to move in this ginseng baby form. As for the World Tree form, it consumed too much energy. It planned to use it during battle.

Just like Eleven, Buggy, and Susu, they liked the baby form.

“By the way…” At this moment, Shi Yu suddenly recalled something. He smiled and asked the World Tree mother,

“Lord World Tree, the time of the next world competition… Can you reveal a little?”

He couldn’t participate, but he could quickly nurture an expert who could participate for Dong Huang. If there was time, he would find more resources and turn Senior Lu into an expert who could defeat the totem country. If Senior Lu exceeded the age limit, there was still Senior Panda and the beast-eared girl. At the very least, there was still the younger genius of Dong Huang. With the World Tree Blessing at its peak, he felt that it would be a loss if it was taken away by other countries.

“What do you want?” The World Tree looked at Shi Yu cautiously.