Chapter 999 - 999 It'S So Exciting To Pet The Gem Cat And Run (1)

999 It’s So exciting to pet the gem cat and run (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Ping Cheng.

In an inconspicuous villa.

Shi Yu swallowed the Eternal Flower in a few bites.

At this moment, Shi Yu felt that he was more valuable than a demigod.

Even demigods weren’t that extravagant with three divine-level resources!

After eating the Eternal Flower, Shi Yu immediately sensed the changes in his body.

With the help of his body’s control talent, he saw the Eternal Flower enter his body. It turned into white light and flowed to various parts of his body.

This was because at this moment, every organ and drop of blood in Shi Yu’s body seemed to be enveloped in the light of evolution, undergoing a life transition.

It wasn’t very uncomfortable. Instead, it was very comfortable.

Buzz!!

Under the watering of the life force, Shi Yu’s life aura rose steadily.

The strengthening of the physique by the power of life was incomparably powerful. It was like a life furnace shaping eternity in Shi Yu’s body. In a short moment, Shi Yu’s vitality fluctuations directly exceeded the so-called demigod!

Boom!!

Under the enhancement of ten thousand years of lifespan, tempting life source power flowed out of Shi Yu’s body. In an alternate space, the gem cat, who was receiving the inheritance, suddenly opened its eyes.

“What’s going on!”

It subconsciously wiped its saliva, thinking that Shi Yu had sent Baby Ginseng out to deliberately release its aura.

“Damn it.”

This was because at the critical moment of the inheritance, the gem cat ignored it too much and directly sealed the space even more, preventing Shi Yu from disturbing it.

At this moment, Shi Yu could clearly sense his temptation.

He… had probably become like Baby Ginseng.

He became a divine-level supplement.

Although it wasn’t as exaggerated as the Tang Monk’s meat that demons could eat and live forever, if any ferocious beast ate it, it shouldn’t be a problem to extend its lifespan by a thousand years.

“Wu…”

“Fortunately, I have the talent of physical control and can restrain all power.”

“Otherwise, there’s no need for Baby Ginseng to fish at all in the future. I’ll do it myself.”

Shi Yu opened his eyes and clenched his fists as he said casually.

BOOM!

A boom immediately appeared in his palm, as if the air had exploded.

He smiled and felt that he was even stronger now.

Awesome.

If the three top-notch Mythical resources were given to other transcendent lives, they could even spend some time to pile up a demigod. Although it didn’t seem to increase much on him and he hadn’t reached totem-level battle power, Shi Yu was abnormally satisfied.

“This way, I can better deal with high-level battles. I don’t have to worry about becoming a burden to my pet.”

Shi Yu clenched his fists again.

In beast taming battles, Beast Tamers with weak physiques were a very big weakness, especially in legendary battles. Even with etherealization, it was still not enough. However, Shi Yu felt that his current state was just right.

It was weaker than the contracted pets, but it wasn’t much weaker either. It wouldn’t become a target that the enemy could easily behead. It would also be easier for him to fight side by side with his pets.

Most importantly, in this state, he felt that he could increase his points even more crazily… This was the key!

….

After Shi Yu completed his evolution, he came to the ruins space without a word.

He directly pulled Buggy over.

Buggy was speechless.

Buggy shouted excitedly.

It was here, it was here. Its turn, fusion!!

[Space Pocket, Space Shackles, Instant Transmission, Concealment] Shi Yu first dragged four high-level spatial Skills into the furnace.

The success rate of fusion was extremely high.

This had never happened before.

This couldn’t help but make Shi Yu even bolder as he threw [Space Control] in.

The success rate was high!

This scene simply touched Shi Yu. After all, the success rate of fusing super skills previously had not reached “medium”.

This time, it directly became high.

Unfortunately, Shi Yu tried a few more skills and discovered that the success rate of the fusion of the two super skills was still low and extremely low.

However, a super Skill with a low-level skill with pretty good compatibility had a high chance of success.

Under Buggy’s expectant gaze, Shi Yu said,

“Buggy, I’ll let you try fusing three skills first.”

“Wu!! (Anything!!)” Buggy looked excited and rushed forward.

A moment later, Shi Yu pulled the little green dragon and began the skill fusion.

[Bug Silk, Worm Command, Ultimate Absorption] had already fused into [Queen Mother’s Power].

Skill: Queen Mother’s Power

< Introduction > It’s a bug-element super Skill. It has obtained the power of Juggernaut and can control all life and non-life.

“Damn.”

“Impressive.”

Buggy and Shi Yu widened their eyes immediately.

Buggy was shocked and almost thought that it had become a female.

The power of a Queen Mother!

It directly turned into a Race Skill and inherited most of the Effects of the three bug-type skills.

Not only could it rely on the parasitic thread to enslave and control other lives, but it could also rely on the power of the Juggernaut to extract the enemy’s life and energy. This skill could also rely on a Spirit connection, such as through the power of faith to better borrow the power of believers and citizens.

In terms of the upper limit of the Skill potential, it was much stronger than the three skills.

Moreover…

After Shi Yu successfully fused a super skill for the first time, he suddenly realized that the Ultimate Absorption of the super skill that he had just fused had a deletion symbol that appeared on the Skill Index.

This stunned Shi Yu slightly. The super Skill that participated in the fusion could be directly deleted from the Skill Index?

“Continue, continue.” This time, he had only fused three skills. Although one of them was super, Shi Yu didn’t feel tired. It was purely because his current physique was too terrifying.