Chapter 993 - 993 It Feels Good To Keep Fusing (2)

993 It feels good to keep fusing (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Buzz.

Accompanied by a loud bang.

Just like when super Skills added points, Shi Yu began to have a large amount of physical fitness and life extracted!!

Shi Yu’s expression instantly turned pale, as if it had been drained dry.

On Chi Tong’s side, its Spirit also suddenly rumbled, encountering an Affliction similar to when super Skills added points.

Its expression immediately turned pale, and its expression instantly turned ugly.

However…

After all, the success rate of fusion was high. Shi Yu and Chi Tong had already experienced this burden countless times and were used to it.

Therefore, although it looked painful, it almost didn’t affect them much. They completed the final fusion.

Under Shi Yu’s gaze, flames surged from the Skill Furnace and swayed violently. As the energy inside calmed down, Chi Tong’s aura actually increased immediately!

“Well…” Chi Tong opened its eyes with difficulty and then recovered its joy.

Its energy level instantly reached 80 million!

[Fusion successful]

[Super Sight, Absolute Sleep, Heart Strike, Light Flame Sword, Soul Slash] had already fused into the [Fire Spirit Sword Body].

Skill: Flame Spirit Sword Body (Perfect Level)

< Introduction > It’s a super undead and fire-element Skill. It’s a life form with the Fire Spirit Sword Body. Its physique is transcendent. It can freely control soul power and fire power to form a fatal slash.

“This is…” Shi Yu’s expression was slightly shocked.

“Flame Spirit Sword Body…” Chi Tong also muttered. It could sense the power of this skill.

These five skills directly fused into a new super racial skill.

It directly converted the effects of the five Skills into a passive physique.

Not only did he inherit the abilities of the original five skills, but non-racial skills such as super vision, absolute sleep, and Heart Strike also received an epic increase in the upper limit of the skills because they were integrated into new racial skills.

Chi Tong looked at Buggy. Facing Buggy of such a perfect race, it could actually clearly see Buggy’s weakness at this moment. Its Heart Integrated into Sword seemed to be able to hold the sword in its hand and easily break through its powerful body, directly splitting its soul.

Shi Yu and Chi Tong could already sense how strong this sword body would be after combining it with Sword Dao Resistance and the Interlocking Sword.

Buggy: “?”

“Wu! (Don’t look at me like that!)” Buggy shrank back.

Too much.

“So strong!” Beside him, Ling, who was in charge of recording, also revealed an incredulous expression. It couldn’t understand this Beast Taming Talent.

“Wuu!!”

“Wu!!!”

At this moment, as Chi Tong completed the first round of fusion.

Eleven, Buggy, and the others were in the online meeting, discussing eagerly.

After everyone was stunned for a moment, right on the heels of that, everyone revealed excited expressions.

He felt that the fusion of skills was much better than adding points to skills.

“It does feel good,” Shi Yu said.

Although it also consumed physical strength, it was simply too happy.

“Baby Ginseng, heal me!”

“Continue.”

“Next, let’s do it once each.”

“It feels good to keep fusing!!!”

“Wuuu!!! (Eleven needs a test, Eleven needs a test!)” Eleven kept jumping around to seek its presence.

“Ji!! (I also want to train my will.)”

….

[Fusion successful]

[High Speed Healing, Super Sight, Absolute Sleep, Reinforced Iron Bones, Tempered Steel, Overlord Body Armor] had already fused into the [Parting Gold Battle Body].

Skill: Metal Battle Body (Perfect Level)

< Introduction > It’s a super metal-element, fire-element, and Spirit-element Skill. It’s a physique born for battle after being tempered by the heavenly fire. It has the characteristics of becoming stronger and stronger in battle, the Eyes of Fire and Gold, and the unyielding nature of a hundred battles. Its physical strength is peerless.

“Roar!!!” Eleven roared excitedly.

It felt its physique become Enhanced again.

However, compared to this, it looked forward to the fusion of super Skills such as the Demon God Body and the Undying Golden Body more. However, considering Shi Yu’s life…

Eleven was already satisfied today.

…

[Fusion successful]

[Absolute Sleep, Strengthening, Earth Escape, Earth Chain] had already fused into [Earth Heart].

Skill: Heart of the Earth (Perfect Level)

< Introduction > It’s a super Race Skill. It uses the earth as a body and transforms into the heart of the earth, forming a symbiosis relationship and dominating the power of the earth.

“Yiya… (The heart of an emperor?)” Baby Ginseng’s gaze drifted away.

…

Shi Yu fused the pets one by one according to the order of drawing lots.

However, continuous fusion was more draining than he imagined.

After only fusing three times, Shi Yu couldn’t take it anymore, even if it kept providing supplements.

As a result, when Baby Ginseng fused, putting four skills in was the limit.

This made Shi Yu a little alert. Although it felt good to keep fusing, he still had to give himself some time to rest… Fortunately, he had already broken through. Otherwise, it would be equivalent to teaching three super Skill points in a row previously. He would have to squeeze him dry.

“Wu.”

Seeing Shi Yu’s pale face, Buggy, who had yet to recover even under the nourishment of the ginseng baby, spoke.

“Wu!! (Rest, rest, I’m not in a hurry.)”

“Master, it’s time to rest. You seemed to have consumed too much energy just now.” Ling also detected that Shi Yu’s physical state was unstable and immediately reminded him.

“Yes.” Shi Yu covered his forehead and said, “Sigh, I’m old. It’s alright. We still have the Eternal Flower and the Fruit of Life. After resting, I’ll eat the Eternal Flower and obtain ten thousand years of lifespan. When the time comes, it should be easier to fuse.”