Chapter 997 - 997 Contract And Awakening (1)

997 Contract and Awakening (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Although there were many things he wanted to ask, in order to let Shi Yu rest well, President Lin didn’t talk to Shi Yu much.

Shi Yu was also happy to be free.

“Ah ~”

After Shi Yu hung up, he changed into his panda pajamas and found a bottle of Quas juice. He lay on the sofa feeling refreshed and pulled a pillow to close his eyes.

But after lying down for a while, he stood up.

“Master, Little Zi is awake.”

It wasn’t that he didn’t want to rest, but Ling suddenly called him.

“Coming, coming.”

Shi Yu directly crawled into the ruins space and entered the nursery. He looked at the white ball with clear eyes on the crib.

The Son of the Stars was still wrapped in the purple nebula. As its lying posture was squeezed into a ball, it immediately floated up happily when it saw Ling and Shi Yu flying over.

“Mi!! (Hungry.)”

“Why are you eating and sleeping… sleeping and eating?” Shi Yu stretched out his hand and let this guy land in his hand. He couldn’t help but complain.

Didn’t he just eat the World Tree Branch Liquid!

No wonder there were a large number of Sons of the Stars, but few survived…

“Mi!! (So hungry…)” The Son of the Stars said pitifully.

“Alright, alright, alright.” Shi Yu smiled.

“What do you want? Space Crystal? Or Space Strange Water? Or continue to absorb starlight?” Ling asked from the side.

No matter how knowledgeable it was, he didn’t have the slightest cultivation EXP of a Son of the Stars.

“I’ve asked the World Tree. Space crystals will do.”

Shi Yu said, “However, for a baby, these aren’t the best. The nutrients from the mother are still the best.”

Ling: “?”

Mother’s milk?

But wasn’t the World Tree Branch Liquid already fed by him?

Could it be that Shi Yu had asked the World Tree for another pile before it knew?

“There.” Shi Yu stretched out his hand. A black contract halo immediately appeared in his palm. Seeing this, Little Zi revealed a curious expression.

“Come here, then you won’t be hungry soon.”

Ling: !!!

Ling wanted to palm its forehead, but unfortunately, it didn’t have hands.

It immediately knew what Shi Yu meant. The Beast Tamer’s Beast Taming Space had the effect of providing nutrition and growth substances to pets.

As a level-seven legendary Beast Tamer blessed by the World Tree, if Shi Yu contracted a transcendent-level Little Purple, it was completely enough to provide it with enough growth nutrients.

“Looks like my top-notch intelligence can’t keep up with Master’s train of thought.”

“No, there’s something wrong with Master.”

As Ling complained, the Son of the Stars quickly flew over and entered the contract halo. It was contracted by Shi Yu almost without resistance and entered the Beast Taming Space.

As for the seventh contract slot in the first Beast Taming Space, Shi Yu thought for a moment and still gave it to Little Zi. After all, its growth could better lead to his breakthrough.

Level-eight, level-nine… It should be faster.

As for Little Ji and the others, they would wait for the opening of the second Beast Taming Space.

Shi Yu’s Beast Taming Space was even more comfortable than the Legendary Ruins space. After entering, Little Purple was immediately obsessed.

If it were an ordinary legend Beast Tamer, the Beast Taming Space might not necessarily be as awesome and exciting as the Legendary Ruins Space, but the problem was that Shi Yu had been blessed by the World Tree.

At this moment, the comfort of his Beast Taming Space was about to exceed the Legendary Ruins and the Blue Sea Ruins.

If it weren’t for training, Eleven and the others didn’t even want to leave.

However… when Little Zi saw this bare Beast Taming Space, it felt a little desolate, forming a sharp difference from its body.

“Are you still hungry?” Shi Yu’s voice sounded in Little Zi’s ears.

“Mi! (Eating.)”

But it didn’t matter. As long as it could sleep comfortably and not be hungry, that was fine.

Little Zi immediately curled into a ball and rolled to a corner. It closed its eyes again with a satisfied expression and let its body automatically absorb the nutrients.

Shi Yu smiled and looked at Ling. “Speaking of which, I’ve reached level seven now. I think I can also modify the Beast Taming Space.”

“Yes,” Ling said.

“So troublesome.” Shi Yu sighed.

After Beast Tamers reached level seven, they could develop the Beast Taming Space. Etherealization, Sealing Technique, and Beast Taming Space modification could be mastered at this stage.

These three legendary Skills were very important to Beast Tamers.

The spatial skill of etherealization could ensure the survival of Beast Tamers in dangerous battles.

As for the sealing technique, it could allow Beast Tamers to suppress transcendent lives through the Beast Taming Space.

Any legendary Beast Tamer could restrict pets of the same level and suppress low-level pets alone as long as they were proficient in the sealing technique.

The methods Senior Ji Mengzhu used to seal the Black Meteorite Yak and the Pirate King used to seal the Vortex Demon Beast were all sealing techniques.

As for the modification of the Beast Taming Space, it was easier to understand. After the Beast Tamer’s Beast Taming Space reached level seven, it would also become a small world. It was actually no different from the mystic realm space and the ruins space.

Beast Tamers could use various natural treasures or Beast Taming Talents to modify the environment of the Beast Taming Space. They could transform it into an ocean environment, a forest environment, or a volcano environment…

This environment was also enhanced for the habitat of pets.

At the same time, the entire Beast Taming Space could also be fused into a large whole.

At the low level, the pets contracted by Beast Tamers were basically sleeping and half awake in the Beast Taming Space, as if they were lying in a nutritional cabin.

Apart from the pets contracted by Beast Tamers with telepathy talent, every contracted creature couldn’t communicate.

However, after the Legend level, the Beast Taming Space of a legend Beast Tamer could be like the ruins space, allowing all contracted pets to be in the same space. Moreover, in this space, the consciousness state of the pets would also be incomparably clear and they could communicate with each other.