Chapter 992 - 992 It Feels Good To Keep Fusing (1)

992 It feels good to keep fusing (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Sword Maiden Form!!!”

At this moment, Shi Yu was smiling.

It was heartfelt joy.

This form was much more handsome than the first three forms.

It was mainly because she was beautiful and pleasing to the eye.

However, on the other side, Chi Tong seemed to be very uncomfortable.

She shook her arm stiffly and waved her sword with one hand. Then, she smiled at Shi Yu and the others in embarrassment.

It might have to adapt to this state for a while.

But it shouldn’t be long before Chi Tong could sense that the sword in its hand was just like a part of its body.

She believed that she could quickly become a female Sword Saint with extraordinary strength!

Little Chi Tong’s expression was serious.

Just slash, slash, slash.

“I’m already looking forward to the time to send the Demon King Dragon Bone to ‘Lord Ice Dragon King’.”

“I wonder if it will be shocked when it sees Chi Tong’s Sword Maiden form,” Shi Yu touched his chin and said with a bad taste.

“…” The pets were speechless at Shi Yu’s bad taste.

Can’t he do something humane when doing a good deed?

“But speaking of which.” Shi Yu looked at Chi Tong.

At this moment, Chi Tong’s image was ethereal. The fire spiritual energy on its body was like the wings of a Phoenix, and its aura was extraordinary.

Shi Yu looked at it and suddenly recalled something more important.

“Chi Tong, come here for a while.”

“What’s wrong?” The flames on Chi Tong’s body slowly faded, and the longsword in its hand disappeared with the flames. Its voice was automatically translated into human language by Shi Yu in his heart.

Shi Yu smiled and said, “Hand.”

Shi Yu stretched out his hand. Sword Maiden Chi Tong slowly walked over and curiously placed her slender and hot palm on Shi Yu’s palm.

“What’s wrong?”

At this moment, Chi Tong’s expression was slightly happy. It had already expected something. Could it be that it was adding points?

It was time to teach soul incarnations.

“I plan to try the skill fusion.”

“Ling, listen to my description and record the data.”

Skill fusion?!

Chi Tong was stunned before clenching Shi Yu’s hand even more happily.

Hurry, hurry, hurry.

Shi Yu had almost forgotten to try this newly awakened function.

After looking forward to it for so long, he couldn’t take it anymore.

It was a good opportunity to test the waters with Chi Tong, who had just evolved!

“Then I’ll start.” Shi Yu touched Chi Tong’s palm and closed his eyes slightly.

At this moment, Shi Yu seemed to be able to see a huge black and white vortex furnace in the Skill Book.

Under the furnace was most of Chi Tong’s information.

Moreover, every Skill of Chi Tong flickered like a ball of light.

Shi Yu could sense that when he came into contact with a contracted pet, he could drag the pet’s skills into the furnace and synthesize them.

He tried to drag the skill light ball that represented super vision into the furnace…

There were no changes…

Right on the heels of that, he dragged the skill light ball representing Absolute Sleep into the furnace…

At this moment, the same risk notification as when teaching super skills appeared in the Skill Index!

Skill: Super Sight, Absolute Sleep

[Fusion success rate]: Extremely high

[Fusion Risk]: Very low

[Note]: The higher the skill proficiency, the higher the compatibility between the skills, and the higher the success rate of fusion. The success rate of fusion also depends on the physique of the Beast Tamer and the will of the pet.

“Eh?”

“What’s wrong?” Chi Tong saw Shi Yu suddenly sigh in confusion and opened its fiery red beautiful eyes.

“It’s nothing.”

Shi Yu was puzzled and very confused. Why was there a f*cking compatibility between super vision and absolute sleep?

What could this fusion do?

Could it be that it could activate the skill of Clairvoyance while sleeping???

The user was sleeping, but the spiritual eye can observe the entire world!

It sounded… useful and useless.

“Wu wu wu!!” Eleven and the others waved their hands. Charge, charge, charge.

“I know, I know,” Shi Yu said.

“I think we can have one more.”

Shi Yu was not in a hurry to fuse. In the next moment, he tried to drag in the Heart Strike skill that could concentrate and hit the weakness.

This was a skill replicated from Duckie. After teaching various pets to high proficiency, it had basically become a passive skill.

At this moment, after this skill dragged into the furnace, the success rate was still extremely high.

“It’s so open?”

Shi Yu couldn’t help but be happy. This skill fusion looked pretty awesome and exciting. He didn’t look forward to it for nothing.

It looked like he could throw in any trash Skill in the future to fuse it.

He would make a killing if he bet on a quasi-divine skill.

Shi Yu dragged the extremely special super Skill Spirit Release in again. He was only curious. In the next moment…

[Fusion success rate]: Zero

[Fusion Risk]: Unknown

Alright.

“…” Shi Yu hurriedly dragged out the Spirit Release Skill light ball and the Soul Slash skill light ball.

[Fusion Success Rate]: High

“Interesting.” Shi Yu continued to throw the Light Flame Sword’s skill light ball in as if it was free.

The success rate was still high.

Right on the heels of that, Demon Blade Curse.

[Fusion success rate]: Extremely low

Shi Yu finally realized that as long as he didn’t throw in super Skills, everything was fine.

The success rate of fusing these low-level Skills that he had upgraded to transcendent proficiency wouldn’t be too ridiculous.

In the end.

Shi Yu chose the five Skills of Super Sight, Absolute Sleep, Heart Strike, Light Flame Sword, and Soul Slash to try to fuse.

The success rate of fusion was still high, but if other skills were added, it would be a medium risk. Therefore, Shi Yu only chose these few at the start.

“Chi Tong, it’s best to prepare.”

Under Shi Yu’s reminder, Chi Tong, who was holding Shi Yu’s hand, nodded nervously. In the next moment, Shi Yu activated the skill fusion furnace!!