Chapter 1000 - 1000 It'S So Exciting To Pet The Gem Cat And Run (2)

1000 It’s So exciting to pet the gem cat and run (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Soon, Shi Yu upheld the principle of proximity and fused Buggy’s [Space Pocket, Space Shackles, Instant Transmission, Concealment, and Space Control]. However, in the end, what made Shi Yu feel cheated was that he didn’t know if it succeeded or failed.

Buggy: (⊙๑⊙) Wu…

The fusion of these five skills still resulted in [Space Control].

The only change was the non-racial Skill Space Control. Just like the power of the Queen Mother, it directly became Buggy’s racial Skill.

It was this time that spatial control didn’t appear in the Skill column like the Ultimate Absorption. The mechanism was very strange.

Shi Yu and Buggy were stunned for a moment before ignoring it. After thinking about it, they felt that it was normal. After all, spatial control was the high-level Skill of the four high-level spatial skills. Their effects could also be achieved by spatial control, so it was natural for the fusion to be covered.

“Wu!! (Shi Yu, continue!!)” Buggy was extremely excited. As two new super Race Skills were added, it felt that its various Stats had been greatly improved.

Its battle power was stronger.

Defeating the Leader and the baby ginseng was just around the corner.

“Continue my ass!” Shi Yu looked at the greedy Buggy and said, “I’ve already fused it for you twice. It’s Susu and Ling’s turn.”

Buggy: (• ̅̑⌣ ̅̑•)✧˖° Hehe, alright.

“Bring Susu here.”

“Wuu! (Roger!)” Buggy directly flashed and left, its spatial control becoming more proficient.

After experimenting with Buggy, Shi Yu realized that the more ordinary the super skill, the easier it was to fuse with other skills.

On the other hand, complicated multi-attribute rare Skills like Buggy’s Imagination Domain and the Dragon of Imagination had an extremely low fusion success rate.

At the moment, Shi Yu only fused skills with “high success rate”. It was mainly because his stamina consumption was low. It was always satisfying to fuse.

“Ning!!”

“Ning!!”

Then, Susu was teleported over by Buggy with starry eyes.

It jumped onto its blue jelly body and flew into Shi Yu’s arms.

Susu had many skills. However, because it was still at the monarch level, the proficiency of the super Race Skill had yet to be perfect, so it couldn’t be fused.

The lowest threshold for proficiency in skill fusion was perfect level. If it was too low, it couldn’t be fused.

As for Susu’s super non-racial Skills, Heavenly Frost Cold Energy and Infinite Devour, which had reached perfect proficiency, they were also skills that were almost impossible to successfully fuse.

Therefore, he could only start with low-level Skills.

Shi Yu smiled and pinched it in his hand, dragging it in one by one… He realized that the compatibility between the Time Water Droplet and other skills was the worst. Everything else was alright.

“It’s starting.”

“Ning! (Yay.)”

[Bubble, Boiling Water, Frozen Water, Water Regeneration, Water Dragon Ball, Steam Explosion, Purification, Praying Rain, Blizzard] had already fused into [Water/Quasi Elemental Control].

Shi Yu and Susu: “…?”

Huh?

Both parties were stunned, but they quickly fell silent.

There was nothing to say about this. It was a huge failure.

The situation was probably similar to the spatial control time. The Skill Effect was covered by high-level skills.

Water/Quarter Elemental Control was originally Susu’s racial Skill. This fusion made it lonely.

However, with this fusion, the proficiency of this skill, Susu, became more and more difficult to suppress. It had already reached the limit of breaking through.

This made Shi Yu realize that he had to arrange for Susu and Ling to break through as soon as possible.

But before that…

[Poison Resistance, Lightning Resistance, Star Sea, Four Symbols Star Formation, Absolute Sleep] had already fused into [Starry Sky Power].

“(๑✦ˑ̫✦) Ning!!!”

On the other hand, the second time he gambled blindly, he directly bet a pretty good super Skill for Shi Yu and the others.

“Aiyo, not bad,” Shi Yu said in surprise.

Skill: Power of the Starry Sky

< Introduction > It can mobilize the mysterious power in the starry sky and complete the strengthening of itself.

Not only could this skill continue to summon resources in the starry sky, but it could also directly use the power of the starry sky to recover injuries and stamina. The increase in energy and the strengthening of various Elemental resistance could be said to have not been fused for nothing.

Most importantly, it had also become a Race Skill.

Shi Yu felt that this move could still be taught to Buggy. It should also have the compatibility to learn it.

At this moment, Shi Yu was immersed in the skill fusion and couldn’t extricate himself. Although he had only fused low-level skills into super skills and had yet to fuse a divine skill, it had already made him very happy.

However, the happiest at the moment was definitely not Shi Yu, Buggy, Susu, and the others, but…

Boom!!!

With a loud bang from the outside world, a huge aura enveloped the world. Nine-colored rainbows could be seen in the sky above the entire Icefield City.

Icefield City, including the Beast Tamer Association institutions in the surrounding cities, instantly detected energy fluctuations that exceeded the level of Normal totems. They were all shocked as if they were facing a great enemy.

“Enemy attack!! Enemy attack!!!”

In the ruins space, Shi Yu also sensed the vibration of space and hurriedly ran out. He looked at the phenomenon in the sky and understood what was going on.

In midair, a gem cat with nine-colored jade-like eyes gathered between the nine-colored divine light and emitted a powerful aura. It was simply stronger than most top-notch totems Shi Yu had seen in Inatella.

“Oh no…” In the sky, just like how Shi Yu couldn’t immediately control the aura after eating the divine-level resource and completing his evolution, the gem cat completed the inheritance and didn’t immediately control the power, directly causing changes in the world.