Chapter 206 - Birth Of The Green Worm Cocoon

In Shi Yu’s dormitory at Ancient Capital University.

In the ruin ring on Shi Yu’s wrist.

Shi Yu and Buggy crawled in with the Tyrant Dragon’s Teeth fossil.

As for Eleven, Baby Ginseng, and Little Chi Tong, Shi Yu let them play by themselves.

Next, he and Buggy had to do business!

After entering, Shi Yu placed the fossil on a stone table and sat down.

Buggy stared at the tooth fossil beside him, its eyes shining.

“Let’s do it again.”

“Find the feeling you had back in that fossil lesson,” Shi Yu said.

“Wu!” Buggy nodded obediently.

It wanted to make up for its failure to observe the Tyrant Dragon properly last time!

“Let’s begin.” Shi Yu closed his eyes and entered a meditative state.

According to Senior Li Lianping’s explanation, there was a chance of entering the biological fossil dream realm with the special meditation technique for archeology left behind by Emperor Shi and the transcendent dream stealing skill.

Previously, before Buggy even learned Thieving Dream, Shi Yu and the others had successfully entered once. However, it was only once. The subsequent attempts had all failed.

But this time, Buggy finally learned the skill. Perhaps it could succeed?

After Shi Yu meditated, Buggy landed on Shi Yu’s shoulder in a small form.

In the darkness, Shi Yu quickly sensed the approximate outline, shape, and the clear traces of time on the Tyrant Dragon fossil.

Without the support of the meditation stone, Shi Yu quickly learned the special meditation method for that lesson in three months. This was also the greatest gain he had gained in the three months of school.

“Wu ~”

After discovering that Shi Yu had entered a state, Buggy tried to synchronize with Shi Yu’s perception. Apart from his Psychic Perception, it also used the dream stealing skill to try to enter the dream of the fossil. However, after a minute, Shi Yu and Buggy still didn’t succeed.

The light in front of him grew brighter, but it didn’t feel it was working.

A moment later, Shi Yu and Buggy gave up.

“Wu!!!” Buggy widened its eyes and flew up.

Shi Yu, increase points!

The requirement asked for a transcendent-level dream thief, but it was only at entry-level. It definitely can’t.

Shi Yu also opened his eyes and said, “Transcendent. That’s for others.”

“You have the maximum level of Psychic power. Your spiritual power has already been tempered to an unimaginable level. The requirements are definitely much lower than other pets. Otherwise, it would have been impossible to succeed previously.”

“There’s no need to add points first. Use the Imagination Domain. In the Imagination Domain, your spiritual power will undergo a qualitative change again. Perhaps there will be new changes.”

“If it’s still not enough, I will try adding more points until the skill advances!” Shi Yu refused to believe it.

There were a bunch of backup plans. He had to succeed!

“Wu…”

Buggy landed on Shi Yu’s shoulder regretfully. It couldn’t increase points anymore…

Buggy sighed and used its newly awakened super skill, Imagination Domain, according to Shi Yu’s request.

In the next moment, Shi Yu and the others seemed to have fallen into another world.

Everything around him turned blue. The sky that emitted a blue aura, the ground that was covered in a blue aura, and even a dazzling blue and white sun.

This was not because Shi Yu and the others were in an illusion or a dream, nor did they really come to another world. Instead, Buggy’s dream world materialized and overlapped with this space, changing everything and forming a domain.

The size of the Imagination Domain depended on the strength of the worm. In the Imagination Domain, there was no need for the worm to enter the dream world to construct illusions. Instead, it only needed a thought to instantly descend the life and items it imagined into this world.

It was really a Creation God-like skill. In terms of potential, it should still be above top-grade super skills like Inner Power.

“Wu ~” Buggy’s expression became serious. It could only maintain this Imagination Domain for less than a minute. It had to do that as soon as possible.

At this moment, Buggy’s entire body was filled with a blue and white light, like a holy spirit. Its powerful spiritual power had undergone a qualitative change again. Buggy’s body actually couldn’t bear it anymore and involuntarily leaked out, forming a strong pressure.

“Alright, let’s do it again as soon as possible.” Shi Yu closed his eyes again and entered a meditative state.

Buggy also sensed at the same time again. The outline of the Tyrant Dragon’s Teeth fossil appeared in their vision at the same time.

In the darkness, the fossil flickered with light. Shi Yu and Buggy’s vision kept shrinking, as if they were walking themselves, walking towards the world behind the light.

As they approached, Shi Yu couldn’t help but feel nervous.

It was going to succeed this time?

The qualitative change caused by the Imagination Domain on the spiritual power of the worm, together with the speciality of the full-level Psychic power, made the worm’s dream stealing skill display the effect of an entry-level proficiency.

Boom.

In a daze, the light in front of Shi Yu and the others disappeared. They landed on a dry land that stretched as far as the eye could see. On the ground, the Tyrant Dragon, which was more than fifteen meters long and about six meters tall, looked at the group of outsiders with its bloody mouth and roared.

“Roar!!!!”

A blazing wind passed through Shi Yu.

“Heh.” Shi Yu was unmoved by the roar. If he knew it was a dream, why would he be afraid of him?

The last time, he was shocked because he didn’t know what was going on.

“Wu ~” Beside Shi Yu, the Imagination Butterfly Worm also entered the Tyrant Dragon fossil dream with Shi Yu again.

Buggy wasn’t as cowardly as last time.

The man and pet looked at the Tyrant Dragon and revealed excited expressions.

In the next second, in the dream world, the Tyrant Dragon swept its tail over, sweeping up a terrifying aura.

Seeing this, the worm slowly flew up. As it flapped its wings, this dream world suddenly shattered, and cracks quickly appeared like glass where it had been hit. The Tyrant Dragon’s figure quickly froze in the crack. In the end, the worm even landed on the head of this Tyrant Dragon.

Crack!

The dream world shattered. Shi Yu and Buggy opened their eyes and their gazes landed on this field of imagination again.

“Have you replicated it?” Shi Yu asked Buggy.

Buggy nodded quickly.

“Wu!!” Moreover, it showed a confident expression.

In the next second, with a thought, the entire Imagination Domain immediately changed. It changed from the previous blue world to an ancient appearance.

The ground had become the dry and cracked ground in the dream just now. The sky was blue and extremely deep. On the ground, an incomparably huge Tyrant Dragon phantom slowly formed in front of Shi Yu and the others.

“Roar!!!!”

After the Tyrant Dragon phantom appeared, its gaze was still fierce and emitted strong deterrence. However, its behavior was completely different from the previous dream world. After it came into existence, it directly crawled forward like a subject kneeling to the monarch and letting the Imaginary Butterfly control it.

Buggy looked up proudly.

What was a top-notch Dragon Tamer?

“It’s exactly the same.” At this moment, Shi Yu looked at the Tyrant Dragon Phantom in front of him and took a deep breath. He had already sensed the powerful aura emanating from its body. He felt that this phantom could tear apart most commander-level ferocious beasts with a single claw!

Through the Dream Stealing Skill, Buggy directly replicated the information of the Tyrant Dragon left in the fossil dream realm. Moreover, through the Imagination Domain and the Illusory Phantom, it completed the materialization in reality!

The ancient tyrant had descended into the world again!

“Roar!!!” The Tyrant Dragon raised its head and looked disdainfully at the sky and the ground.

As an ancient overlord, it had a strong body and perfect earth affinity. It was undoubtedly a ferocious beast.

“Wu ~ ~” However, at this moment, Buggy felt that it was a pity that the Tyrant Dragon Phantom it conjured only had racial skills below super level, not super skills.

“It’s very normal. Your dream stealing skill level is too low. If you want to replicate even my super skill on the illusion, you have to at least have perfect proficiency.”

“It’s already very good. You simply used illusions to materialize an ice dragon, and for that one… Forget about all skills below super level… There were only two ice-element basic skills.”

“Wu ~”

At this moment, Shi Yu took out his cell phone and began to take photos of the Tyrant Dragon Phantom from various angles, recording the data.

Phantom Illusion+Imagination Domain+Dream Stealing. This was definitely the most realistic physical Tyrant Dragon in this era.

Even those top-notch dream stealers would probably find it difficult to gather these three skills and combine them. At most, they would see ancient creatures in their dreams and not perfectly materialize them in reality!

A huge discovery!

At the moment, the strength of this Tyrant Dragon was secondary. The main thing was its research value.

“Unfortunately.”

Buggy felt that it was a pity, but so did Shi Yu. He placed his hand on the Tyrant Dragon’s rough body. Unfortunately, Buggy’s ability only made it look like a real life form. It couldn’t be a real life form yet.

Otherwise, his skill index might be able to use this method to replicate the abilities of ancient creatures.

But not now. If the level of the Imagination domain was high, so maybe it could be done?

Or, he could help Buggy replicate some skills that gave life.

Perhaps it could really advance to a master of creation!

Shi Yu did not expect a similar skill for a moment, but there was indeed a Beast Taming Talent that could give life and help dead creatures awaken.

The few predecessors who established the Mechanic class were similar Beast Taming Talents.

They could help some Mountain River Plants awaken their intelligence and let them complete their initial awakening.

This talent was named “Awakening”.

Dong Huang’s mechanical legend was actually not directly Mechanic at the start.

It was only changed after he entered the Legendary stage. At the start, he was only an ordinary Beast Tamer.

Only when he used his talent to create the first virtual data life form and made it a mechanical beast did Dong Huang’s mechanical domain gradually take shape.

Since he had such a Beast Taming Talent, Shi Yu felt that perhaps he should have such a skill, but it was not easy to find.

But taking a step back, if he could find it and let the ancient creatures revive in the modern world, it might really be possible for him and Buggy.

Stones, plants, and water could all evolve into life forms, so why couldn’t the dream illusion do the same? It wasn’t like there weren’t dream creatures in this world.

Shi Yu filmed and recorded. A moment later, Buggy cried out.

After being stunned, Shi Yu smiled and said, “Alright, alright.”

As soon as he finished speaking, Buggy immediately dispersed the Imagination Domain. It wasn’t difficult to materialize the Tyrant Dragon Phantom, but for it, maintaining the Imagination Domain was a little difficult.

The Imagination Domain disappeared, and the surrounding environment returned to the initial environment of the ruins. Shi Yu smiled and said, “Well done. Let’s stop here today. I’ll upgrade your dream stealing skill another day.”

Buggy flew around happily.

“But although the completion level of the Tyrant Dragon Phantom just now is not bad, the surrounding environment completion level is not very high. Next, I’ll give you a small training mission.”

“Huh???” Buggy was stunned.

Shi Yu said, “The sunny environment and the thunderstorm environment. You choose one of these two environments to practice. When the time comes, cooperate with Eleven or Baby Ginseng to use it. As for the Tyrant Dragon Phantom, Ice Dragon Phantom, and Sea Dragon Phantom, just treat it as entertainment.”

“Wu…”

Whether it was the Tyrant Dragon, the Ice Dragon, or the Sea Dragon, they were all overlord races. On the other hand, Buggy itself was also an overlord race. There was completely no need to materialize their battles. It was better to materialize oneself in the field of imagination. This way, the completion level of the phantom would be higher.

Of course, if Buggy carried those three level-seven equipment and conjured the three-headed dragon, its battle power would definitely be stronger. However, Buggy could grow after all, and those three equipment were only level-seven. Now, perhaps Buggy could increase a lot of its battle power with them, but sooner or later, the equipment would be eliminated. Everything still depended on itself.

Therefore, compared to materializing a dragon, it was better to practice how to materialize various extreme weather environments, venue environments, such as the Lava Space, Thunderstorm Space, Sun Space, Super Gravity Space, and so on to fight with teammates.

“Wu!!” Buggy felt aggrieved. Was the Dragon Tamer, Buggy, gone?

For a creature like the Green Silkworm, controlling a dragon was a very great accomplishment.

“Not really. If you really want to become a Dragon Tamer, the divine dragon phantom formed by the dragon ball on the day you evolved is your best choice. After all, it’s the power that has already been integrated into your bloodline. Moreover, you still have the skill Dragon of Imagination.”

“When the time comes, the combination of the Dragon of Imagination and the Domain of Imagination will definitely be stronger than the Tyrant Dragon, Ice Dragon, and Sea Dragon,” Shi Yu said.

At the moment, Buggy’s strongest mode should be to enter the Dragon of Imagination state first to obtain the dragon attributes, physique, energy, and health points. Then, it would activate the Imagination Domain and dominate everything.

Next, it would definitely train around these two skills.

Moreover, the proficiency of Buggy’s Dragon of Imagination and the Domain of Imagination wasn’t low now, and it was even close to the proficiency level. This was all thanks to the skill Phantom Illusion. After all, the three skills had a certain connection to some extent. They were all used as the “super power of imagination”.

“Wu ~!!” Buggy expressed agreement…

“All the best, practice. Let’s go to Imperial Capital University to communicate later. You’re the main force. When the time comes, I hope you can combine the Dragon of Imagination and the power of the Imagination Domain well.” Shi Yu smiled.

Buggy nodded heavily. No problem!

At this moment, after confirming that he and Buggy could really study the fossil domain, Shi Yu was also full of motivation.

His motivation wasn’t actually an ancient creature like the Tyrant Dragon, but the recovery of a divine beast. He hoped to obtain some materials from the Mythical Era to materialize Mythical creatures.

In this world, there were Mythical materials. They were ranked at the tenth level and were also called divine-level resources. Their value was in the form of ten billion trillion yuan, and even if one had money, they might not necessarily be able to buy them.

In his previous life, Shi Yu was first a Mythical Scholar, followed by an archeologist. The attraction of Mythical creatures to him was the greatest.

“Buggy’s dream stealing skill must be max level.”

“But before that, I should take care of Baby Ginseng first.” Shi Yu realized that Baby Ginseng’s battle power had already been pulled apart too much. He decided to teach Baby Ginseng the lush and hardening skills replicated in Divine Capital this time.

…

Three days later.

Shi Yu was breastfeeding Baby Ginseng.

[Name]: Ginseng Baby

[Attributes]: Wood

[Race Level]: Low-level Monarch

[Level of Growth]: Commander Level

[Skill]: Sweet Aura (Dao Proficiency), Slow Healing (Dao Proficiency), High Speed Healing (transcendent), Nutrition (Dao Proficiency), Earth Chain (Dao Proficiency), Source of Life (Initiate), Multiplication (Perfect), Absolute Sleep (Perfect), Energy Fruit (Perfect), Energy Storage Beam (transcendent), Multiplication (Transcendent), Strengthening (Perfect)

Energy Points: 102955

Three days after returning, Shi Yu directly upgraded Baby Ginseng’s lush and hardening skills to an extremely high level. As for its other skills, most of them had been upgraded in the past three months. Apart from the “super skill” Source of Life, Baby Ginseng’s other four racial skills had long been maxed out. Baby Ginseng had also fallen into a bottleneck period. This was also why Shi Yu began to consider its evolution path.

“Yiya. (Continue.)”

On the bed, Shi Yu and Baby Ginseng looked at each other. Baby Ginseng was becoming stronger, and so was Shi Yu during the teaching process.

After breaking through to the high-level, the upper limit of Shi Yu’s physique was raised again, but he had yet to reach the upper limit. Now, his physique was already close to that of an ordinary legendary Beast Tamer. It was easy for him to resist the skills of transcendent-level ferocious beasts. Shi Yu estimated that his current upper limit of physique should be at the legendary level, but it should take him a few more days to reach it.

After reaching the upper limit of his physique this time, even if Little Chi Tong broke through to commander rank, Shi Yu should be able to perfectly withstand its possession.

“Wait,” Shi Yu said to Baby Ginseng.

He took out his vibrating cell phone and took a few looks before smiling. “We’ll continue later. The Green Silkworm army is here. Let’s go and pick them up first.”

Baby Ginseng:??!!

Under Baby Ginseng’s confused expression, Buggy was called over. Through Buggy’s Instant Transmission, they went out to take a walk again. This time, Shi Yu even brought back 51 cages.

The cages were filled with Green Silkworms!

There were 51 in total.

They had all reached level ten of Awakening.

Moreover, their Worm Silk Proficiency was classified into 40 expert levels, 10 perfect levels, and 1 transcendent level!

These Green Silkworms were all experimental bodies carefully cultivated by the researchers of the Demon Capital Worm Department.

Apart from that, Legend Hua also sent Shi Yu a pile of cultivation resources. They were all applications according to the common teaching methods for Psychic, Absolute Sleep, Super Sight, and other skills on the skill index.

“Ji!!” “Ji!!!” “Ji!!”

After Shi Yu brought the 51 green worms back to the dormitory, the dormitory immediately started chattering.

Little Eleven, Little Chi Tong, Baby Ginseng, and Buggy were all shocked by the 51 green worms.

Why were there so many?

Although they knew that Shi Yu was going to carry out evolution experiments, this was too much.

At this moment, these Green Silkworms widened their eyes. They seemed to be very brave. After all, their parents were definitely creatures of very high levels. In addition, they had been carefully raised by researchers since they were young. This was the main reason why they weren’t so afraid of others. Compared to the timid Buggy at the start, they were indeed very different.

“Wuu! (Looks much stronger than the worm at the start)” Eleven said.

Buggy:???

“Wu!!” Buggy glanced at the group of Green Silkworms and revealed a faint deterrence. The group of Green Silkworms immediately became obedient and stopped chattering, looking at Buggy in awe.

However, the worm quickly received Eleven, Baby Ginseng, and Little Chi Tong’s disdainful gazes.

Bullying a little worm was nothing.

Buggy: QAQ

Even if it wanted to bully those two, they wouldn’t fight it.

Shi Yu stopped their discussion and said, “Alright, there’s something new to do next. Baby Ginseng, according to the evolution ingredient formula we researched previously, let’s first classify and assemble those materials.”

“Yi!!” The knowledgeable ginseng baby in the team was a piece of cake.

If Shi Yu wanted to study the evolution method of the green cocoon, it naturally couldn’t do without the evolution plan.

In the past few days since arriving in the Ancient Capital, he and Baby Ginseng had summarized the 20 evolutionary materials combination plans according to the materials for common teaching methods such as Psychic, Absolute Sleep, and Super Sight.

Shi Yu planned to let these Green Silkworms try it one by one. Practice. This was also the only method that could effectively determine the feasibility of the Green Silkworm’s evolution plan. The evolution of life couldn’t be simulated by machines.

“Do you know what you’re going to experience next?” Shi Yu asked the group of green worms.

“Ji?” “Ji?” “Ji?” The green worms widened their eyes and looked at Shi Yu in confusion.

Shi Yu :”…”

As expected, the Green Silkworm was still stupid and didn’t seem to have a high IQ.

That group of researchers was also impressive. They could pile their skill proficiency to perfect and transcendent levels in a short period of time.

Shi Yu looked at the Green Silkworm that had mastered the transcendent worm silk. He could already clearly sense that its life was less than a month away. If it didn’t turn into a cocoon soon, it would die.

This was also reminded by Legend Hua.

“Let one of them eat the evolution materials and try to turn into a cocoon,” Shi Yu said to Buggy.

There were ten evolution plans that could immediately turn into a cocoon.

There were ten types that could only turn into cocoons after changing their diet for a period of time.

“Yi!!” At this moment, Baby Ginseng had already quickly classified the evolution materials. Buggy turned around and used Instant Transmission to teleport ten Green Silkworms out.

After coming out, the green worms were extremely confused. However, with the deterrence guidance of the worm, it was quite easy for Shi Yu to command them.

“Cooperate well. If you succeed, you can change your fate. If evolution fails, I can also guarantee that you can live longer than ordinary green worms. There won’t be any pain.”

The group of Green Silkworms still didn’t understand what Shi Yu said, but they could perfectly carry out the instructions of the worm. They immediately ran to nibble on the evolution materials brought out by the ginseng baby happily. There were so many high-level materials that they didn’t often eat even when they were at the research institute. They wolfed it down, making the Green Silkworm in the cage look envious.

“Ji!” “Ji!” “Ji!”

They also wanted to eat it!

A moment later, the ten different sets of evolution materials were eaten by the ten Green Silkworms who had mastered the expert level worm silk. They each burped and their bodies enlarged. They were already so full that they couldn’t even crawl.

“Buggy, let them turn into cocoons,” Shi Yu said.

“Wu!!” Buggy expressed its understanding. At the same time, under Buggy’s instructions, the ten Green Silkworms spat silk and wrapped themselves, as if it was instinct.

Among the ten awakened-level Green Silkworms, the proficiency of the worm silk was only at expert level, and the level of the materials used was not high. The cocoon transformation scene was naturally ordinary, completely not as shocking as when the worm evolved.

The worm silk wrapped the ten Green Silkworms bit by bit. The remaining Green Silkworms watched the commotion, while Eleven and Baby Ginseng recorded the whole process with the video device.

Soon, the ten Green Silkworms wrapped themselves with worm silk. After forming the cocoon, they began to sleep to absorb the power of the evolution materials. At this moment, Shi Yu couldn’t help but frown when he saw that everything was calm.

Although he didn’t know if they would still evolve into Wind Crystal Butterflies or other species after breaking out of their cocoons, or if they would fail to turn into cocoons, at this moment, he was certain that none of them had evolved into a green cocoon…

“You guys can’t?” Shi Yu looked at the ten Green Silkworm cocoons. Just as he was about to get Buggy and Baby Ginseng to arrange the other ten evolution plans, something unexpected happened.

In Shi Yu and the others’ vision, not long after the cocoon of one of the Green Silkworms turned into a cocoon, white light suddenly lingered around its body. That was… the light of evolution!

Just like Buggy, after this green worm turned into a cocoon, not long after, the light of evolution and awakening surrounded its body again!

Upon seeing this scene, Shi Yu, Eleven, Buggy, and Baby Ginseng widened their eyes and watched carefully.

A moment later, the full appearance of the green silkworm cocoon surrounded by evolution light appeared in front of Shi Yu and the others.

It was still in the form of a cocoon, but similar to the worm, it also had two eyes. Moreover, it was blinking and had consciousness!

Moreover, faint spiritual waves spread out from his body!

After being stunned, the index for Bureau 11 in front of him changed.

[Name]: Green Worm cocoon

[Attributes]: Worm

[Race Level]:???

[Level of Growth]: transcendent

[Race Skill]: Psychic

Energy Points: 250

Shi Yu was completely stunned. Luck?

No…

It was a miracle of ten consecutive draws!

Initially, Shi Yu thought that it would be a difficult battle to study the form of the green worm cocoon, but he didn’t expect that the first round of experiment would be successful. Not only did this green worm evolve into the green worm cocoon, but it also broke through its growth level and reached the transcendent level. It even awakened a new skill, Psychic power!

Apart from the fact that its energy level was a little low, which could be said to be a disgrace to the transcendent level, it had yet to reach half of the normal transcendent standard. It was completely similar to the evolution pattern of the worm at that time.

“Baby Ginseng, which evolution plan did this green worm use and what materials were used?” Shi Yu hurriedly turned to look at Baby Ginseng.

Skill index, the most useful thing in the world!

At the same time, Shi Yu’s cell phone suddenly vibrated. Shi Yu took a look and saw that it was actually Legend Hua. The other party had pulled him into a small group chat.

In the group chat, there were only three people. One was Shi Yu, the other was Legend Hua, and the last was Dr. Zuo, who had researched the Ice Phoenix Moth.

Legend Hua: “Shiyu, you’ve received the experimental subjects and materials, right? If you need any help, you can directly look for me and Dr. Zuo.”

Dr. Zuo: “Yes.”

Shi Yu looked at the group chat in silence.

He raised his cell phone and took a photo of the green cocoon before sending it over.

[Click here to send]

“Well, I casually picked ten and tried it just now. I think I’ve already found a way to let the Green Silkworm evolve into a Green Silkworm cocoon. It’s just that the energy level is a little low. It’s a hundred million times worse than my Green Silkworm race. It might still be a transcendent race.”

After Shi Yu sent it, the short silence in the group almost made Shi Yu think that his cell phone was stuck.

But a moment later, although there were only three people in the group chat, the news erupted like a flood.

Legend Hua:??

Dr. Zuo: “?”

Legend Hua and Dr. Zuo’s screens were filled with question marks…