Chapter 209 - Undying Pond

A week later.

Ancient Capital, Ancient Capital University.

In the student dormitory, Shi Yu and the others were packing their luggage.

This trip to the capital would take at least a week. He had to be prepared.

“Wuu!”

At this moment, Eleven pushed open the door. It was crackling all over and had clearly just returned from the charging room.

It was normal for it to be filled with electricity before leaving.

“Wu…”

“Wu…”

It wasn’t interested in the Feeding Conference, but it was interested in the exchange activity with Imperial Capital University.

Shi Yu had been unwilling to organize the team’s internal meeting for a long time. It shouldn’t be a problem for them to attack outsiders, right?

In the past seven days, Buggy had already mastered the two super skills, the Space Domain and the Dragon of Imagination.

In Shi Yu’s team, the only one who was more concerned about the Feeding Conference was Baby Ginseng. After all, it concerned its evolution materials.

“Yi…” Baby Ginseng wiped its sweat and finished preparing a basket of gem fruits. This was something to show respect to the overlord cat before leaving.

Moonlight Gem, soil of time… One was related to the moon, and the other was related to time. Baby Ginseng felt that it was about to be invincible in the team. During this period, it had to be good and ensure that its evolution was smooth.

The most carefree person was Chi Tong. It wasn’t interested in the battle exchange or the Feeding Conference. It only wanted to go to the Undead Battlefield with Shi Yu to kill the spirits after these two events ended.

“Are you leaving?”

As Shi Yu and the others were preparing in the room, a whirlwind lingered above the sofa. With a flash of light, the gem cat’s figure appeared on the sofa and it was licking its claws as it looked at Shi Yu.

“Yes, we’ll set off in a while.” Shi Yu patted his luggage.

“Yi!!” Baby Ginseng shouted for the gem cat and pointed at the fruit basket behind it.

“Good baby.” The gem cat’s glass-like eyes lit up.

Teacher Cat, I didn’t dote on you for nothing!

“By the way, Teacher Ying, it’s been more than ten days,” Shi Yu asked. “Is there any news of the mutated environment?”

Previously, when he went to the resource bank to choose resources, Shi Yu also asked about the mutated environment.

The gem cat had lived for more than a hundred years. In theory, it should be very knowledgeable.

But from the looks of it, there was no outcome?

Shi Yu chose to ask Legend Hua or Principal Feng and the others later.

“Ah, this.”

The gem cat had already walked to the side of the ginseng baby. With a pat of its paw, the fruit basket had already been teleported to god knows where.

It turned around and said slowly with a hesitant expression,

“I only thought of one thing, that it might be a little dangerous.”

“Where?” Shi Yu asked.

“Yi?!” Baby Ginseng was also stunned.

Danger?

Baby Ginseng was least afraid of danger.

Born in a place where monarchs roamed everywhere in the forbidden zone, it had seen all kinds of danger.

As for the danger that the mutation environment posed to it… Baby Ginseng didn’t care even more.

It was a ruthless ginseng that had successfully eaten a level-eight resource and survived when it was young.

In order to become stronger, it even wanted to eat a few mouthfuls to increase its evolution foundation before evolution, but it didn’t know if it was useful…

“A place in the Undead Battlefield.”

The gem cat recalled and said, “Perhaps, probably, it still exists.”

“Compared to a blessed land, that place is more like a dangerous place.”

“Dangerous place…?”

“Well, the land of death is called the Undying Pond. It contains incomparable death power. Even if monarch-level creatures come into contact with it, they might be corroded by the death power. It’s one of the seven dangerous places in the undead battlefield.”

“A large number of undead have come into contact with the lake water before, and their souls were instantly corroded by the power of death.”

“Uh…” Shi Yu and Baby Ginseng’s expressions stiffened.

A pool filled with the power of death?

Shi Yu glanced at the ginseng baby. The ginseng baby was wood-element. It would definitely major in life force in the future. It didn’t match.

“This pool can mutate plant pets??” Shi Yu asked.

The gem cat nodded and said, “Of course. Firstly, you have to understand how it was born.”

“The Undying Pond was formed after the death of an overlord who mainly cultivated the power of death. Because that overlord was too strong, it caused the environment to change.”

“Change the environment…” Shi Yu nodded.

The symbol of a monarch-level creature was awakening deterrence.

As for the symbol of an overlord-level creature, it was the initial mastery of special powers such as the power of nature. It could use natural power to increase the power of the skill, and the aftermath of the power could almost permanently change the environment of a place.

This was also why the legends in Icefield City said that the Ice Dragon Snow Mountain was formed after the frost dragon arrived.

However, the power of death didn’t belong to one type of natural power. Instead, like life force, mental strength, and soul power, it belonged to a special power. If natural power was to cultivate external forces, then the power of death and life were to train one’s own strength.

The difference between the two was that different environments might have different effects on the strength of overlord creatures.

An overlord race that majored in natural power and was a water-type creature, for example… In the sea, borrowing the power of the endless sea might not necessarily be impossible for it to resist fire-element totem-level creatures.

At the overlord level, the concept of energy value was even less of a reference for the pet’s strength, because no one knew how much the pet had trained in the power of nature. After all, no matter how strong its own strength was, it was rare for it to fight against the power of nature.

The factors of the venue had a very huge impact on the strength of overlord-level creatures.

Therefore, generally speaking, overlords in the wild had their own fixed territories. If they fought in their own territories, their battle power would increase greatly.

If it went to an area that was disadvantageous, its battle power would decrease.

This was also the reason why the ocean had always been a forbidden area that humans couldn’t enter.

After all, a simple tsunami triggered by the sea overlord was enough to make most Beast Tamers suffer.

Compared to overlords who cultivated the power of nature, pets who cultivated special powers like life force and death power that belonged to them didn’t really care about the environment they fought in. If it excluded external forces, its own qualities were also stronger than pets who cultivated natural power at the same level. However, these special powers were even harder to cultivate compared to natural power.

For example, Baby Ginseng’s Earth Chain and Energy Storage Beam were actually prototypes of controlling natural power, and its source of life skill was a skill to train its own life force.

Naturally, it was not like there were no pets that trained natural powers themselves. However, the effort invested and the requirements for their race would definitely be greater. In most cases, it was the super skills of the pets that determined the subsequent development.

If it couldn’t awaken a new super skill, Baby Ginseng would definitely mainly train its life force in the future. After all, it had the super ability of the source of life, and like Earth Chain, even if it was trained to the maximum level, it was only a mid-level skill after all. The potential to cultivate the natural power of the earth was definitely far inferior to developing life force.

“That overlord dual cultivated death power and water power, so it led to the change in the environment. The pool water also contains rich death power, which will erode life forms. But if the pet that comes into contact with the pool water has talent related to death power, or if its life force is strong enough to withstand the death power, it can understand the true meaning of death.” The gem cat symbolically licked its claws and continued,

“You humans previously had a legendary Beast Tamer who contracted an Ancient Tree of Life who wanted to cleanse this dangerous place. After all, if such a place is left in the wild, although ordinary undead wouldn’t dare to come into contact with it, if there are undead who obtain benefits from it, it will give it the opportunity to break through to the overlord level.”

“However, during the process of cleansing the Undying Pond, the Beast Tamer’s Ancient Tree of Life accidentally comprehended the power of death during the battle between the life force and the power of death. It mutated and evolved into the first case of Dong Huang, the Ancient Tree of Life and Death of a middle-level overlord race. At the same time, it controlled the two special powers of life and death.”

“After that, he gave up on the cleansing pond and chose to seal this place with others. He relied on this method to avoid wild undead contact. After all, there are too few environments in the country that purely contain the power of death. This kind of place is very rare. It’s a pity to completely cleanse it.”

Baby Ginseng listened with interest.

Eleven, Buggy, and Chi Tong listened with interest.

Buggy couldn’t help but sigh. This nonsense sounded even more high-end than its evolution materials.

Eleven, on the other hand, was puzzled. It kept feeling that it was the most normal one in the team.

Shi Yu was also slightly stunned.

“Really, the Ancient Tree of Life and Death?”

Aunt Tree of Life could also evolve?

The Tree of Life… The Ancient Tree of Life… The Ancient Tree of Life and Death… Should “Dead Ancient Tree” be the next one?

“It’s real. I participated in the crusade against that overlord and even participated in the sealing of the Undying Pond.”

The gem cat raised its head proudly, although at that time, it wasn’t that strong. Instead of saying that it participated in the crusade of that overlord, it was more like it participated in the crusade of that overlord’s subordinates.

[A special environment that might cause plants with strong vitality to mutate and control the power of death?]

Shi Yu memorized it secretly. To be honest, this power was not in Shi Yu’s plans at all in the beginning.

His original plan was to let the wood-element ginseng baby increase its earth-element and light-element talent more. This way, he could borrow the power of nature to freeload and create as many supplements as possible.

However, the weak power of time attached to the soil and the Undying Pond mentioned by the gem cat immediately made Shi Yu conflicted.

His plans couldn’t keep up with changes?

Although he didn’t know what changes Baby Ginseng could make after learning the power of death, it sounded so powerful. Shi Yu decided to consider it carefully before making plans.

“Why don’t you take me there to take a look when we go to the Undead Battlefield?” Shi Yu asked softly.

“Sure ~” The gem cat yawned. If it were the initial Undying Pond, it definitely wouldn’t have brought Shi Yu over. However, the current Undying Pond’s power had already been mostly purified, and its power was relatively weaker. With it, an overlord, protecting it, there wouldn’t be any danger.

“Thank you!” Shi Yu smiled and moved away. Beside him, Baby Ginseng fell into deep thought.

This mutated environment sounded much more dangerous than the Moonlight Gem and the soil of time.

Was it reliable?

Moonlight Gem+Time Soil+Undying Pool+Ginseng Baby =??

The strange mutation route increased again.

…

At the Ancient Capital Airport.

Shi Yu, who had been chatting with the gem cat for a long time, almost forgot about the serious matter. If it weren’t for the calls from Legend Hua and the others, he would still be imagining the evolution path.

After hurriedly putting away their luggage, Shi Yu got Buggy to teleport them to the school’s mechanical school.

“Coming, coming.”

When Shi Yu saw that Principal Feng, Legend Hua, Dr. Zuo, Student Xia, and even Dean Hao were waiting here, he smiled and said.

On this trip to the capital, no one planned to take the airport plane.

Instead, they planned to directly let Dean Hao of the Mechanical College use its monarch race, the monarch-level Mysterious Meteorite to receive them. This was a mechanical life form that was not inferior to the Purple Electric Mecha.

This speed was undoubtedly faster…

“Shi Yu, not bad,” Dean Hao said in admiration the moment they met.

What a little monster.

Dean Hao, who had just helped Shi Yu complete the evolution of the Iron-eating Beast a few months ago, originally thought that Shi Yu would use the Nine Li Battle Beast to quickly rise in university. Who would have expected that not long after, Shi Yu would run to Divine Capital to evolve the Imagination Butterfly of a middle-level overlord race himself?

He also received the joint support of Legend Hua, Dr. Zuo, and Principal Feng to launch an incomparably huge research project in Ancient Capital University.

“Dean Hao, you’ve worked hard.” Shi Yu laughed.

“What hard work? It’s a pleasure to be able to contribute to Ancient Capital University.” Dean Hao chuckled.

Everyone :”…”

Legend Hua, Dr. Zuo, Xia Qingwei: Was this the school culture of Ancient Capital University?

“Let’s go,” Principal Feng said with a smile.

The few of them immediately boarded the Mystic Meteorite.

Driving this thing could let them sweep through the Ice Dragon Snow Mountain and the Undead Battlefield. Not many monarch-level creatures were willing to provoke it. Using it as a transportation tool, the few of them could be said to be quite comfortable.

However, it was a pity that the Mystic Meteorite was not big. It could only carry the few of them at most. Otherwise, Principal Feng might even have planned to pull White Brook and the other members of the battle club who had gone to Imperial Capital University to communicate together.

Now, he could only let White Brook and the others take the plane to the airport.

“This is your first time going to the capital, right?”

After getting on the plane, Principal Feng asked Shi Yu.

“Yes.” Shi Yu nodded.

“The first time you’re going, and soon you’re going to be famous all over the country. Are you nervous?” Dr. Zuo smiled.

After researching the Crystal Butterfly, they really had a new breakthrough.

It was a huge breakthrough.

If it was only the green worm cocoon, they still had doubts about first place in the Feeding Conference.

But now, in the eyes of Dr. Zuo, Legend Hua, and the others, the first place in the Feeding Conference would definitely be Shi Yu’s.

“Shi Yu is still very low-profile. If he wanted to, his name would have already spread throughout the country when he was in Divine Capital.” Legend Hua smiled.

After she finished speaking, Principal Feng and Dean Hao had strange expressions.

Shi Yu kept a low profile?

He was thinking too much!

Did a person with the title of Iron-eating Beast Knight look like a Beast Tamer who could keep a low profile?

They suspected that Shi Yu was most likely studying the Butterfly Knight and was holding it in!

Shi Yu :”…”

“Cough, I’ve been looking forward to the capital for a long time.” Shi Yu coughed dryly.

He looked ahead.

In the capital, in the current capital and political center of Dong Huang, there were the most number of legendary Beast Tamers, as well as the top educational institutions with the strongest comprehensive strength…

The headquarters of the Beast Tamer Association, the headquarters of the Feeder Association, and many other important associations were established here. It was a place with a relatively rich Beast Tamer atmosphere.

Two hundred years ago, a totem battle that swept through the world began. For the time being, only a piece of pure land was left in the capital.

This totem battle lasted for decades. It was an important opportunity for the seven countries to form an alliance. At that time, the representatives of the seven countries officially confirmed the alliance in the capital of Dong Huang. After the totem battle ended, Dong Huang built the Beast Tamer Association headquarters here.

From then on, this place also replaced the other capitals in history and became the center of a new country.

In addition, the economic development level here was also very high, so the overall number of Beast Tamers was also one of the best in the nine first-level cities. Someone had said that the nine major universities were divided into two tiers. One tier was a top-level institute led by the Imperial Capital and the Demon Capital University, and the other was a regular top-level institute.

“I should be able to make it in time for the exchange…” Shi Yu thought to himself. He wondered what the beast-eared girl and the others were doing now. Touring?

Three days later was the exchange between the two schools. At that time, the Feeding Conference would probably be over…

At the same time, at Imperial Capital University.

As the exchange between the two schools approached, a student from the Imperial Capital University, a senior who had always taken good care of Yin Zhengfan, chose to ask about Shi Yu out of curiosity.

Because at this time, the exchange team members of Ancient Capital University should have been confirmed. Generally speaking, this kind of exchange activity was usually brought by the president and his old members. After all, they couldn’t avoid battle, but if there were new students with extreme potential, it was very likely to bring them here to broaden their horizons and train.

She opened her contact list and locked onto a name. This person was a relative of hers. Because of her family address and because her talent wasn’t especially outstanding, she chose Ancient Capital University.

“Cousin?” A puzzled and nervous voice came from the other side of the phone.

On the other end of the phone, in Ancient Capital University, Hong Xiao was stunned and a little nervous. His genius cousin rarely contacted him apart from family gatherings. Why was it… so sudden this time?

“Hong Xiao, did you come to the exchange team from Ancient Capital University this time?”

“How am I qualified to go with my strength?” Hong Xiao smiled bitterly.

Hong Xiao’s cousin had an expected speechless expression… She was disappointed.

“I have something to ask you.”

“Is there a student named Shi Yu in your school?”

“Why are you asking about him?” Hong Xiao’s expression darkened.

He recalled the fear of being dominated by Shi Yu’s ginseng baby during the battle assessment.

“I’m curious. Has he joined your battle club?”

“Yes, he joined.”

“Oh? How’s his strength?”

Hong Xiao: “…What are you doing?”

“I’m just asking if he joined the exchange team this time.”

Hong Xiao’s face was extremely dark. How could he not have joined? When the Beast-eared Lady President lectured them, she used Shi Yu as an example all day!

She always said obscure words like “I’m going to bring Shi Yu to sweep through Imperial Capital University”. This meant he was definitely in the exchange team.

“He should be there too.”

“What about strength?”

“I…” Hong smiled and said,” Why are you paying attention to a ‘new student’? ”

“I asked for it for a friend.”

Hong Xiao was silent and said, “This isn’t too good, right? Although it’s not any ‘important’ or ‘confidential’ information, I’m still from the battle club of Ancient Capital University. Cousin, you want me to sell information?”

“Pfft, is that necessary? Alright, I won’t ask anymore. I’m hanging up. It’s enough to know that he’s here too.”

“Eh, wait.” Hong Xiao hesitated for a moment and felt that it wasn’t good to say nothing. After all, they were relatives.

“What else do you want to say?”

Hong Xiao took a deep breath and recalled the battle where Shi Yu’s Nine Li Battle Beast crushed the Thunder Ray Beast. He brewed his emotions and advised, “Listen to me. Don’t fight him!”

“That kid is not human, son of a b*tch.”

“Remember, don’t fight him.”

“???”

In a classroom of Imperial Capital University, Tang Yun looked confused. Just at this moment, a teacher knocked on the door.

“I’m hanging up!” she said and looked at the teacher.

It was a female mentor in a research suit who came in. She looked at Tang Yun helplessly and said, “You just came back from training again.”

“You’re a student of the Feeding Department, and your talent is also in the Feeding Department. Why don’t you focus on your own specialization instead of going to the battle club to join in the fun all day long?”

Tang Yun chuckled and said, “Feeding and battle are the same.”

“Teacher Xie, what’s the matter?”

“Let me remind you of the things to take note of at the Feeding Conference tomorrow. Don’t mess up the rare opportunity to study.”

Tang Yun patted her chest and promised, “Don’t worry, I have applied for leave for the training at the battle club. I will cooperate with you, Mentor.”

Before that, she would first tell Zhengfan that Shi Yu had also come. Then, she would prepare for the Feeding Conference in peace!