Chapter 201 - Buggy’S Haki

[Name]: Butterfly of Imagination

[Attributes]: Spirit, Space

[Race Level]: Medium overlord

As for more detailed information, such as evolution materials, prerequisites for evolution, and even skill data, it was impossible to publicize.

It would be fine if it was only a new pet of the transcendent and commander races, but the information of the overlord races was already strategic information. It was impossible to casually publicize it.

Therefore, after watching for a long time, apart from the name, attributes, and race of the Butterfly of Imagination, everyone still didn’t know anything.

However, just this information was enough to shock everyone.

The higher the racial level, the greater the difference between each small level.

For example, although there were three racial levels between low-level and high-level monarchs, they only had one super skill.

The difference was only the racial difference in physique, vitality, and energy values.

However, the difference between the few levels of the overlord race was huge. There were often multiple super skills between each level, and the advantage was very big.

It had to be known that the race level of the Divine Feather Phoenix Butterfly was only a high-level overlord, and the Butterfly of Imagination had actually reached the middle-level overlord level. The entire country was incomparably shocked. This was simply an unreachable race level.

Generally speaking, the higher the race level, the easier it was to enter the guardian level. Mid-level overlord races were already very powerful.

Not to mention ordinary Beast Tamers, even the officials of the association were secretly shocked when they updated the information. As expected of Bureau 11, it caused a huge commotion again.

However, in fact, the big shots of Bureau 11 were also very confused, because this was all caused by Shi Yu himself.

To be precise, apart from the information about the Butterfly of Imagination, there were also two new pieces of information about the previous form of the Butterfly of Imagination.

[Name]: Green Worm cocoon

[Attributes]: Worm

[Race Level]:???

Back then, during the Butterfly Transformation Conference, the cocoon that could move and fly gave people a lot of shock.

This was clearly a new race. As the information of the cocoon spread on the Internet, people were completely numb and their values shattered.

Now, more and more people were curious about who the Beast Tamer of the Green Worm cocoon and the Butterfly of Imagination was.

Of course, although Shi Yu had revealed very little information at that time, it still aroused the imagination of some spectators.

For example, the Mechanical Tree Club.

The boss, Meng Qing, had gone through many trials. Now, they finally have some information of value.

According to the people present, the Beast Tamer who rode the Butterfly of Imagination at that time was very handsome in a red and black battle suit and a red cloak.

This description stunned Meng Qing for a long time.

It instantly reminded her of Shi Yu, who had come to Divine Capital from the ancient capital and had been a guest at her club for the past two days with an unscientific green worm.

She hesitated many times and wanted to ask Shi Yu, but it felt difficult to ask about such news.

In addition, in Ancient Capital University, Yu Shu, Wang Ling, and the others were silent for a long time when they saw such an unscientific cocoon and the information on the Imaginary Butterfly.

Although it didn’t feel very likely, they all had the same feeling that it couldn’t be that monster, Shi Yu. If it really was… they didn’t want to live anymore. How could they be classmates?!

At the same time, in Hundred Butterfly Town, at the location, in Hua Xiajin’s legendary private courtyard.

“What are your plans next?”

Hua Xiajin, who had been in charge of picking up Shi Yu, asked.

Shi Yu had given her too many surprises in the past few days.

Unfortunately, the birth of a new overlord race was still impossible to replicate.

Shi Yu had already made it clear, and Hua Xiajin was also clear. It was impossible to find a second copy of the inheritance of the Dream Shell and the mysterious dragon ball alone.

However, Shi Yu seemed to think that he could study the evolution of the green cocoon?

“It’s time to return to the ancient capital. I’ll continue to study the evolution method of the green cocoon,” Shi Yu said.

“Have you thought about it? Is there anything I can do with Dr. Zuo Jiangyun’s help?” Legend Hua asked.

She was the most powerful Beast Tamer in the country who specialized in the Worm Department, and Dr. Zuo Jiangyun was the chief researcher who specialized in the evolution of the Worm Department.

She had contracted a bug-type overlord of an overlord race. The other party had studied the evolution of the Green Silkworm into a low-level monarch race and the evolution path of a high-level monarch. It could be said that they were both authoritative representatives of the Dong Huang Insect Domain.

If Shi Yu had any needs, they could be of great help. To a certain extent, they were the people in charge of various competitions, research, and projects in the country’s bug domain.

“There’s really one,” Shi Yu said. “I want a batch of Green Silkworms with proficiency in worm silk to perfection, as well as some evolution materials.”

Because the research Shi Yu planned to do was not private, he decided to directly apply for experimental materials. Moreover, in order to pursue popularization, he definitely had to abandon the skill index and abandon adding points. At most, he would reference the general teaching steps of the index.

“Alright, no problem.”

Legendary Hua nodded. It was a small matter. As long as he could develop the form of the Green Silkworm cocoon, even if this Green Silkworm cocoon couldn’t reach the commander race like Shi Yu’s cocoon, it would still be a low-level transcendent race. It would definitely be a big discovery.

Because Lin Feng legend had also concluded that evolution would definitely be accompanied by new racial skills.

This was very meaningful to the evolution potential of any Green Silkworm after breaking out of its cocoon.

“Actually, there’s one more thing, but I have to seek your opinion,” Legend Hua said in the end.

“What is it?” Shi Yu was surprised.

“Although they don’t know who you are or who the Beast Tamer of the Butterfly of Imagination is, Dr. Zuo Jiangyun’s daughter, who is also the Beast Tamer of the Ice Phoenix Moth at the Butterfly Meeting, wants to meet you and challenge the Butterfly of Imagination with the Ice Phoenix Moth. Perhaps, it’s also Dr. Zuo’s intention?” Legend Hua touched her chin and analyzed curiously.

“The Beast Tamer of the Ice Phoenix Moth?” Shi Yu was stunned.

“That Ice Phoenix Moth is only transcendent. There’s no meaning to it, right?”

Legend Hua smiled and said, “Don’t look down on that girl. She’s a genius of the Demon Capital’s large school team. Her father is a legend, her mother is a top-notch doctorate, and she’s only a step away from becoming a master. Moreover, her talent is relatively special. Not long after the Butterfly Transformation Conference ended, the Ice Phoenix Moth was already strengthened to commander rank by her.”

“Of course… There’s definitely a huge gap between her and your Butterfly of Imagination, but if she didn’t see it for herself, I reckon she won’t give up. After all, I heard that she came for the first place in the Butterfly Meeting this time.”

“Let’s meet them. It’s also good to let them know the strength of the butterfly.”

They? Shi Yu scratched his cheek. She had a grudge with Dr. Zuo?

“Alright, I can do both. I can see you before I leave,” Shi Yu said.

…

cDivine Capital.

In a hotel, Xia Qingwei, who was wearing a blue dress, picked up the phone.

“Mom, is there any news? Who exactly is the Beast Tamer of the Butterfly of Imagination?”

A voice came from the other side of the phone. “The other party has already agreed. You just have to find your Aunt Hua.”

“As for his identity…”

“Ancient Capital University, first-year student of the archaeology department. Shi Yu, he’s the top scorer in the vocation assessment who discovered the evolution of the iron-eating beast’s monarch race a few months ago. You should still have an impression of his green worm, right?”

The Ice Phoenix Moth’s Beast Tamer was stunned for a moment and said, “It’s him? The other party is… a Beast Tamer who just passed the vocation assessment? However, if it’s that Green Silkworm…”

“Don’t judge a person by their age and appearance.” The other party smiled and said, “Alright, go find your Aunt Hua first. Tell me the final results.”

Xia Qingwei hung up silently and fell into deep thought.

A moment later, she arrived at Hundred Flower Town and found her mother’s good friend, Flower Xiajin Legend.

“Aunt Hua.” Xia Qingwei stood outside the courtyard and looked at the noble lady in a butterfly-patterned cheongsam walking over. She greeted slightly, “Mother asked me to greet you on her behalf.”

“Qingwei.”

“You’re looking for Shi Yu, right?” Legend Hua smiled.

“Well, he’s the Beast Tamer of the Butterfly of Imagination, right?”

Xia Qingwei knew that the Butterfly Meeting was presided over by Legend Hua, and she also knew that Legend Hua and her mother were good friends. Through this relationship, she finally knew who the owner of the Imaginary Butterfly was in advance.

“Yeah, but have you decided to see the strength of that butterfly?”

“Its strength might exceed your understanding a little.”

“It’s alright.” Xia Qingwei nodded and didn’t mind. It wasn’t like she had never come into contact with pets of overlord races. She was already mentally prepared.

“Do you know where he is?”

“He’s currently in my courtyard,” said Legend Hua.

Before Shi Yu left Divine Capital, she would definitely be responsible for Shi Yu’s safety.

Shi Yu didn’t want to hide the fact that he was the Beast Tamer of the Imagination Butterfly, but he also didn’t have the intention to publicize it. He planned to develop normally in the short term. In the future, when it was time to send the Imagination Butterfly to battle, he would send the Imagination Butterfly to battle. Everything would go according to nature.

However, Shi Yu estimated that the full battle of the Butterfly of Imagination would probably be reserved until the battle exchange with Imperial Capital University in a while. Just the thought of it was exciting…

“I’ll take you to see him.”

At this moment, in the courtyard, Shi Yu was drinking flower tea in satisfaction.

Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, Little Chi Tong, and the others were playing in the huge garden.

The garden of the Legend Hua was very large, even larger than the field of a university. There were all kinds of flowers, spiritual plants, and wild butterflies and plant sprites living here freely, helping to take care of the garden.

In fact, Shi Yu had even replicated another wood-element skill from a gardener plant.

Skill: Lush

[Level]: Low-level

< Introduction > It’s a wood-element skill that can allow plants to grow.

This was another evolution skill that Shi Yu had selected apart from mutants.

However, this evolution skill was only useful for specific pets. Similar to hardening and worm silk, it was probably useless for ginseng babies. Even if it was useful, it definitely needed other evolution materials. At most, it could increase the evolution foundation.

Regardless of whether it was useful or not, it was just a low-level skill. It was very easy to maximize it. Shi Yu planned to find an opportunity to teach it to the ginseng baby. He would let it master the full-level lush skill first before deleting it.

Because this skill was also the gardener skill that Shi Yu had been thinking about for a long time.

Using this skill could increase the growth speed of plants. After the proficiency was high, it could even increase the power of plant-type skills, the growth speed of plant-type pets, or summon plants from the soil out of thin air.

The ability of this skill was actually severely covered by the control of the super skill plant.

However, super skills were far in the future. It was not difficult to maximize low-level skills now. Shi Yu planned to teach Baby Ginseng this foundation first. This way, it might be easier to master plant control in the future.

Moreover, during evolution, there would be a stronger foundation.

In addition, this skill that could simply control plants could cooperate with strengthening when the time came. It could also allow Baby Ginseng to have more offensive means before it mastered plant control. For example, at that time, using the combination skill of these two skills, it could completely create a hard wooden shield to protect itself. There was basically no problem.

“The new skill is enough. I’ll leave the remaining skill column to Little Chi Tong.” Shi Yu yawned.

The reason why Shi Yu copied it so casually was because he had added five new skill bars after contracting Chi Tong, and after filling and deleting some of the skills of Eleven, Buggy, and Ginseng Baby, there were a lot of empty skill bars.

In the courtyard, Shi Yu held his cell phone. After busying himself with the evolution of the worm, he had been paying attention to the news of the mutated environment of the ginseng baby.

As for Little Chi Tong’s, there was no need to worry at all. It had mastered the transformation evolution skill, Spirit Release. It would be enough to practice this. It was estimated that after the skill level reached transcendent, it would welcome a new transformation evolution, corresponding to a quasi-mythical race.

As for Eleven’s inscription, there was no use in being anxious. In the past three months, Shi Yu had even returned to the Iron-eating Beast Ruins many times, but he didn’t find anything new. However, when he recalled the content of his conversation with Senior Lu and guessed that Emperor Wu might have contracted an Iron-eating Beast, Shi Yu planned to find the ruins of Emperor Wu to see if there was any relevant information.

He had already locked onto the location of the ruins. It was a ruin that had been cracked. It was a place where Martial Emperors built to train their subordinates. Now, it was still a cultivation Holy Land. Coincidentally, that place was the venue of the martial arts conference that the beast-eared girl had invited him to participate in.

“Shi Yu.”

As Shi Yu was thinking about the subsequent plans, Legend Hua came from afar. Shi Yu looked up and saw a girl with a unique aura beside her. At a glance, she looked like a daughter from a rich family. He immediately understood that this was the daughter of Dr. Zuo that Legend Hua mentioned.

“Aunt Hua.” Shi Yu stood up slightly, while Eleven and the others continued picking the nectar to eat.

If it weren’t for the sake of eating, they wouldn’t have stayed outside for too long.

“This is Xia Qingwei…” Legend Hua introduced the two of them again with a smile.

Shi Yu and the other party also nodded briefly and greeted each other.

In just a moment, Xia Qingwei’s gaze was attracted by the blue butterfly in the garden that was following a bunch of pets to pick flower honey.

“Butterfly of Imagination?”

Although it was much smaller, its extraordinary gorgeous posture still left a deep impression on her.

“Yes.” Shi Yu smiled and said, “Miss Xia, you came this time to experience its strength, right?”

“Yes.” Xia Qingwei nodded and said, “Can I?”

“You can, but as a worm-type pet, if its growth level hasn’t reached the monarch level, it’ll probably be very difficult to fight it normally…”

Xia Qingyi was stunned. Then, she shook her head and frowned. “Please don’t underestimate us.”

“I’m not looking down on you…” Before Shi Yu could say anything, Legend Hua said,” Qingwei, summon your pet and you’ll know. ”

Xia Qingwei glanced at the Butterfly of Imagination and didn’t understand what the two of them meant.

However, she still directly summoned the Ice Phoenix Moth.

In the next moment, a large moth-type creature with wings that looked like frost phoenix wings appeared behind Xia Qingwei and slowly flew up.

Monarch species, commander rank, Ice Phoenix Moth!

The moment the Ice Phoenix Moth appeared, it looked at the Butterfly of Imagination. At this moment, the Butterfly of Imagination that the worm had evolved into also looked over in a shrunken state.

Both parties looked at each other.

It was as if an Ice Aurora had collided at this moment.

Boom!!!

The moment the Ice Phoenix Moth and the Butterfly of Imagination looked at each other, the Ice Phoenix Moth seemed to have entered a world of ice and snow. On the other side was an Ice Phoenix Divine Dragon. Under the terrifying dragon might, its vision was covered by the huge divine dragon body that exceeded ten thousand meters in a single exchange. It saw a dragon claw that covered the sky slapping towards it. Unparalleled cold air erupted, instantly freezing and shattering its spirit!

The Ice Phoenix Moth’s brain stiffened, as if it had experienced the fear of death in an instant. Its heart was in a state of despair, and its entire body trembled slightly. The ice crystals around its body seemed to have been affected by something, instantly disappearing and turning into nothingness. Its battle will fell to the extreme!

At the same time, the feelings of the pet’s perception were also transmitted to the Beast Tamer himself. Xia Qingwei, who originally wanted to see the power of the Imaginary Butterfly, had a sudden change in expression. Her heart started to pound violently, as if she was quickly falling into a bottomless ice abyss. Her whole body was quickly enveloped by darkness and coldness.

In a short encounter between the two pets, the Ice Phoenix Moth’s mind trembled, and it felt like it couldn’t defeat the other party, or even attack.

The terrifying pressure of the Butterfly of Imagination made it unable to breathe. Just like during the Butterfly Meeting, it couldn’t be at the same height as the other party.

This was Buggy’s domineering aura!

Unknowingly, in just a few seconds, cold sweat broke out all over Xia Qingwei’s body. Her limbs were a little stiff, and her breathing became rapid. Clearly, she was too deeply affected by the pet’s fear.

“Do you understand?” Shi Yu continued, “My Butterfly of Imagination has mastered the Perfect Level Deterrence Skill. Even if the opponent isn’t an insect, it’s very difficult to have the courage to fight it. Moreover… your Ice Phoenix Moth is also an insect-type pet.”

“Only a monarch-level butterfly with a qualitative change in mental strength and a deterrence skill can fight it normally.”

Xia Qingwei’s expression was pale.

Legend Hua glanced at her. As expected, this girl didn’t realize that at the Butterfly Transformation Conference, the Green Silkworm cocoon split the sky and triggered all the origins of the spatial cracks because of the perfect level of deterrence that was comparable to the might of a dragon that could cause physical destruction in reality…

To be honest, even for her, only one pet had mastered such a level of deterrence.

It was impossible for anyone to defeat Shi Yu in the domain of a high-level Beast Tamer.

Worms didn’t have the deterrence skill in the first place, and they didn’t even have the right to stand in front of Shi Yu and the others.

The current Shi Yu was already invincible below master and monarch.

In fact, Shi Yu had long known that this would be the outcome. The current Buggy, a middle-level overlord race, was actually only at the surface level. After all, it also had full-level Psychic power, full-level Illusory Phantom, full-level spatial shackles… Even if it didn’t use super skills, it was still a complete crushing advantage for pets of the same level.

It could be said that Buggy’s current actual battle power was also that of a pseudo monarch. In fact, it wasn’t the kind to resist. If it could carry level-seven equipment like Dragon Whiskers and Dragon Scales, it even had a chance of defeating some weaker commander ranks of monarch races. Only monarch-level pets with more than a million energy points could make Buggy lose!

“I…” Because the worm didn’t have any real explosive deterrence, Xia Qingwei quickly calmed down. However, her expression was still filled with disbelief. As she looked at Shi Yu, at the blue butterfly that continued to pick flowers with the Little Iron Eating Beast, the Little Ginseng Baby, and the Little Sword Spirit, huge waves rose in her heart.

How was this possible…

Perfect level deterrence?

Was the guy a monster?!

In Xia Qingwei’s eyes, Shi Yu immediately became a mysterious and incomprehensible monster.

“I, I understand.” Xia Qingwei breathed heavily.

Then, Legendary Hua warmly welcomed Xia Qingwei and left her to drink tea. However, because the pet didn’t even have the courage to attack in front of Shi Yu’s Butterfly of Imagination, she also shut herself down with the pet and didn’t talk. The battle couldn’t continue. The silent Xia Qingwei didn’t stay for long either. She bid farewell to Legendary Hua Xiajin and planned to return to Demon Capital.

After Xia Qingwei left, Legend Hua smiled at Shi Yu and the others.

“I thought you guys would play down the strength… Qingwei will probably suffer a huge blow.”

As expected of a member of Bureau 11, Legend Hua thought to himself. He couldn’t be regarded as a normal person his age at all. In fact, in Bureau 11, Shi Yu’s potential at the same time could also be ranked first. It could be said that it was no problem for him to be the Beast Tamer with the greatest potential in Bureau 11. His talent potential was even above that of Lu Qingyi.

Shi Yu was also very helpless. He said, “How can we act like this?”

It was still the fault of the high deterrence skill. This was only a perfect high-level deterrence. If it was a transcendent-level deterrence, it would probably be even more impossible to fight. At that time, the deterrence would probably wrap around a rice grain and rely on a rice grain to scare a bunch of low-level pets to death.

Shi Yu had already thought about it.

When the time came, Eleven would condense a pile of hardening weapons and equipment, wrap them around deterrence, and then let Baby Ginseng create a pile of nutrient fruits to store them. Finally, it would let Buggy seal it with the spatial shackles and materialize a dragon phantom as a guardian. In this way, the “Shiyu Ruins” would be completed. Then, he just needed to die and have some future fateful person discover his ruins.

“No, Qingwei is a very strong girl. After she goes back, she will definitely choose to train harder. By the way, you’re still a university student, so she should choose to fight you in the National League again. Unfortunately, she didn’t inherit her father’s talent. Otherwise, she should have more achievements in battle.”

Shi Yu had almost forgotten that she was the daughter of a legend.

Good heavens, he had already beaten up three legendary children.

Yin Zhengfan, that… Rongguang kid, and Xia Qingwei.

Well, he couldn’t continue like this. Shi Yu was afraid that it would create an alliance of worried fathers that would affect the stability of the world.

…

The next day.

At Ancient Capital University, Shi Yu returned to his base camp from the Divine Capital.

Just as he returned, Ancient Capital University was in chaos.

Miao Dongdong returned before Shi Yu, but he didn’t say anything about Shi Yu.

However, Shi Yu’s matter could not be hidden from those who were interested.

The beast-eared girl White Brook, who had obtained the news from Lu Qingyi, as well as the old principal of Ancient Capital University and the guardian overlord of Ancient Capital University, Meow, ran over to stop Shi Yu.

White Brook looked like she thought they’d win the national league for sure.

Overlord Gem Cat: Dragon Ball (Cry) Dragon Ball (Cry) My Dragon Ball (Cry)! It was actually the Dragon Ball!

The old principal of Ancient Capital University: Don’t run around in the future. Be good and stay in school. It won’t be good if you bump your head outside!!

Shi Yu didn’t see these people yet, but as soon as he stepped into the school gate, he sensed an ominous feeling that made his scalp tingle. He couldn’t help but stay at the school gate.

“I keep feeling that it will be very troublesome next time.”