Chapter 208 - Birth Of A New Race

Time soil!

Initially, Shi Yu was not interested in the subsequent research of the green cocoon…

But speaking of this, he wasn’t tired.

With the mention of the Feeding Results Exhibition and the soil of time, Shi Yu’s research motivation immediately rose.

Special soil that could stimulate the mutation of spiritual plants?

It even had high-end and impressive time power?

Wasn’t this specially made for Baby Ginseng!

Shi Yu had never heard of this resource before. It looked like it was also a super rare resource. After all, it concerned the time attribute.

Moreover, as the reward for a national-level meeting, the value and level definitely wouldn’t be low.

Moonlight Gem+Time Soil+Ginseng Baby =???

Shi Yu was immediately curious.

No, just these two resources were not enough. The more the better!

But no matter what, he definitely wanted this soil of time.

“This soil of time sounds a little useful to me…” Shi Yu said.

Everyone :”…”

Principal Feng: “Just for this?”

His position was so uncertain!

Shi Yu: “Then does our Ancient Capital University have similar resources? If there are, it doesn’t matter if we participate or not.”

“Uh.” Principal Feng was stunned.

“No.” His face darkened.

Dual-element resources of this level were mostly unique. It was very difficult to find similar ones.

This soil of time was most likely taken out from the third bureau.

Bureau 11 could produce resources of the same value, but it definitely wasn’t earth and time.

No matter how one looked at it, this was a reward prepared for the feeder. Only the third bureau had it.

“The soil of time. And you still say that you’re not interested in feeding research?” Legend Hua was speechless.

Shi Yu said, “…It’s not for research.”

He couldn’t say that it was used as a random mutation material for Baby Ginseng, right?

Not only could the Green Silkworm be a gambler! Even Baby Ginseng could do it too!

Shi Yu realized that he quite liked this random evolution plan, but it was a little expensive.

“Then, it looks like we’re going to participate in this conference?” Dr. Zuo pondered slightly.

In fact, she was also prepared to participate in this meeting, but at the moment, she gave up and planned to support Shi Yu with all her might.

Because Shi Yu’s feed results had a chance to crush everyone. It was very meaningful.

“We only have seven days to prepare.”

“Although the Green Silkworm cocoon is a pretty good feed research result, the Green Silkworm cocoon alone isn’t enough.”

“At least we have to confirm the value of its evolution form. As for whether there are other breakthroughs in seven days, it depends on luck.”

“The only thing we can confirm now is that the cultivation cost of the Green Silkworm cocoon isn’t high, right?” She looked at Shi Yu.

Because the cultivation materials Shi Yu and they wanted were relatively common low-level materials.

Shi Yu said, “The market price of the evolution materials alone is hundreds of thousands. If these materials are cultivated and produced on a large scale in the future, the cost can be controlled to a very low level. If it’s about 100,000, most ordinary families should be able to bear it.”

Xia Qingwei was stunned. “So cheap??”

Dr. Zuo smiled and said, “If we can control the cultivation cost of the Beast Tamer to less than 100,000 yuan, obtaining a pet that has mastered Psychic power is already a huge impact. Psychic pets generally have very high potential.”

“If it’s controlled at around 1 million, obtaining a pet that was commander race and could master Psychic power is a huge innovation in the Beast Taming Domain.”

“Therefore, there’s a high chance that this feeding outcome will come first in the Feeding Results Show.”

“We have to hurry…”

“With you and Qingwei, there’s no problem. It’s just that you have to work hard.” Legend Hua smiled and said to Shi Yu,

“Dr. Zuo and Qing Wei’s talents can accelerate or slow the growth of their pets. It’s similar to the accelerated growth effect of the Beast Taming Space, but it’s not limited to the pets they contract, and the effect is stronger. Their talents are very suitable for research on insect-type life forms.”

“In other words, they can quickly let the cocoon digest the evolution power like the butterfly god and complete the evolution. However, this talent consumes a little physical strength. The supplements during this period probably can’t be neglected.”

Shi Yu was stunned.

“That’s easy. I’ll provide the supplements.”

Baby Ginseng, for the sake of evolution materials, as long as it didn’t die, it would provide mountains of supplements!

Dr. Zuo and Xia Qingwei :”…”

Dr. Zuo: “In that case, let’s find a place now. I want to see the form of the green cocoon after evolution.”

“Then…” Shi Yu looked at Principal Feng. So, what about the research institute?

For the soil of time, Shi Yu risked it all.

During this period, Baby Ginseng didn’t do anything else. It obediently created supplements and nutritional fruits to increase its evolution potential. It could work hard to let Dr. Zuo and Xia Qingwei open the cocoon for seven days and seven nights in a row.

“The research institute definitely needs some time to prepare…” Principal Feng said.

“Then let’s go to the Iron-eating Beast Research Institute first. In any case, the infrastructure there is relatively complete, and it’s currently in an idle state,” Shi Yu said.

The few of them nodded and had no objections.

Shi Yu smiled and said, “It’s not close. I’ll bring everyone over.”

He called out, and a beautiful butterfly figure appeared. Seeing this, everyone was slightly stunned.

“Use Instant Transmission,” Shi Yu explained. “This is faster.”

“Wu ~” Buggy gently flapped its wings, aggrieved. It directly changed from a private car to a bus?

“The Butterfly of Imagination!” The moment Buggy appeared, Dr. Zuo and Xia Qingwei’s expressions immediately changed.

Dr. Zuo looked excited. To be honest, compared to studying the Green Silkworm cocoon, she wanted to study the Butterfly of Imagination more. However, it was really difficult for her to say such an unreasonable request.

In comparison, Xia Qingwei looked at the haggard Buggy and was a little at a loss. She didn’t understand why the Imagination Butterfly, which had previously been impressive and domineering, who had made them lose their battle will with a glance, looked so haggard now.

It was a monster to its enemies, but in the team, it was like a mascot!

“Alright, let’s go.” Shi Yu was also quite anxious.

As the few of them observed, Buggy’s Psychic power had already wrapped around the 51 Green Silkworms and Green Silkworm cocoons present and was about to teleport.

“Everyone, please let its psychic power wrap around you,” Shi Yu said.

When Shi Yu finished speaking, the few of them hurriedly nodded. Their bodies were wrapped in blue light as they instantly disappeared from the spot.

…

Iron-eating Beast Research Institute.

At the training ground.

The three little Iron-eating Beasts were entertaining themselves and training.

They were extremely aggrieved because after Leader Eleven returned from the capital, it didn’t take much care of them. It said that they had graduated and could already train on their own.

This was purely because Buggy had become so strong all of a sudden, making Eleven feel a sense of danger. It worked even harder to run to undergo devil training and didn’t have much time to take care of babies anymore.

“What’s this…”

On the training ground, Shi Yu and the others gradually appeared.

After arriving here, Legend Hua looked at the three little Iron-eating Beasts who were using hardened iron fists to hit stakes and sprinting to do physical training on the training ground. She fell into deep thought.

This was the Iron-eating Beast Research Institute?

Research on how to make the Iron-eating Beast more diligent?

When the few of them arrived, the three little Iron-eating Beasts immediately looked over. After discovering that it wasn’t the leader, but the leader’s master, they couldn’t help but show expectant expressions.

“You guys play by yourselves.” However, Shi Yu’s words made the three little Iron-eating Beasts extremely disappointed.

“Wu wu wu… (Continue, continue.)”

Shi Yu :”…”

Eleven’s mental seal was still impressive.

Not only Legend Hua, but Principal Feng, Dr. Zuo, and Xia Qingwei also had strange expressions.

Among them, Principal Feng was still alright. After all, he had already heard of the Iron-eating Beast legend of Ancient Capital University.

Shi Yu: “Cough, ignore them. Let’s get down to business first.”

“Yes.” Dr. Zuo nodded.

The so-called business was naturally Dr. Zuo using his growth talent to help the green cocoon quickly absorb the evolution power and break out of the cocoon as soon as possible.

This training ground was quite wide, so the few of them decided to experiment here.

Dr. Zuo walked forward and looked at the 11 green cocoons. Her gaze locked onto one and he gently picked it up with both hands.

The green cocoon didn’t struggle either. After all, it was cultivated by the research institute. Its personality was relatively docile and cowardly.

Under everyone’s gaze, Dr. Zuo’s hands flickered slightly with fluorescent light. A huge amount of energy was injected into the green cocoon. At this moment, the green cocoon was stunned before it subconsciously closed its eyes.

In less than a minute, Dr. Zuo put down the green cocoon slightly and said, “It’s done. It can try to break out of the cocoon with its mind power to evolve at any time. The evolution power has been completely absorbed.”

“Eh, I’m old. I’m really tired. You’ll be the one assisting in the next cocoon,” Dr. Zuo said.

“Huh?”

Xia Qingyi was stunned and looked at her mother.

Wait, she was tired just like that?

When she was experimenting previously, she clearly didn’t even pant when assisting the evolution of dozens of Green Silkworms in one go. Now, she was tired from just one?

Xia Qingwei suddenly felt that she had been brought here to be a tool for the evolution accelerator.

“It’s alright, I have enough supplements.”

“Baby Ginseng.” When Shi Yu saw this, he felt that he couldn’t let others work for nothing, so he summoned Baby Ginseng.

Baby Ginseng was also smart. After coming out, it immediately condensed a cigarette-shaped nutritional supplement with its nutritional and sweet aura skill.

“Yi!!” It ran over to Dr. Zuo, wanting to hand it to her.

As the saying went, a young woman with a cigarette was like a fairy descending into the mortal world. This was taught to it by Grandma Li’s supplementary pets. They said that Grandma Li loved smoking supplements the most back then. Every time she finished, her temper would temporarily improve.

“Yi…”

“Uh.” Dr. Zuo looked at the ginseng baby Shi Yu suddenly summoned and handed her a cigarette. She was stunned.

“Baby Ginseng!” Shi Yu’s stomach hurt. Who the hell taught you that!

Sensing Shi Yu’s reprimand, Baby Ginseng immediately shuddered. It ravaged the cigarette in its hand a few times, rubbed it into a cherry-like nutritional substance, and handed it over again.

“Nutrition?” Dr. Zuo smiled and took the nutritional substance. She smiled and said, “Thank you, little guy.”

Speaking of which, Shi Yu actually contracted a ginseng baby with him??

“Apart from nutritional supplements, it might also be an Energy Fruit Cherry Bomb.” Beside him, Principal Feng pondered. He had heard of the battle between Baby Ginseng and the battle club.

Dr. Zuo just took the cherry and almost threw it out.

“It’s a nutritional supplement, and it’s a combination skill of sweet aura and nutritional supplements. The fruit wraps around the sweet aura, so there’s no need to eat it. Just putting it close to your nose and smelling it can relieve a lot of fatigue,” Shi Yu said helplessly.

After Shi Yu finished speaking, Baby Ginseng made another one and handed it to Xia Qingwei.

Baby Ginseng had a sincere expression. Good luck, auntie in a research suit and big sister who had been beaten by Buggy. Its evolution materials will depend on your explosive research.

Let it see where their limits are!

“Uh, thank you.”

Xia Qingwei also recognized Baby Ginseng. Wasn’t this one of the little pets that plucked flower honey with Buggy in the garden back then?

Apart from it, there was also a little Iron-eating Beast and little fire sword spirit. They should be Shi Yu’s pets…

At this moment, after Dr. Zuo took a deep breath, she had already placed the cherry nutrient provided by the ginseng baby on the tip of her nose and smelled it.

“Wu…”

In the next moment, she immediately felt refreshed. The fatigue from rushing from Demon Capital to the ancient capital disappeared like smoke. It was as if she had just woken up in the morning and come to an extremely fresh place to breathe in the scent of nature.

The relief in his body made Dr. Zuo look shocked.

“This…” Dr. Zuo took away the nutritional supplements and put aside the upper limit of the effect first. Just this quality that completely relaxed the mind, body, and mind as if it was one with nature was too rare.

“Its nutritional and sweet aura level should be very high, right?”

“Yes,” Shi Yu said. “And it’s a mutated race. It has a super skill that enhances the effect of recovery-type skills.”

“As expected, it’s not an ordinary ginseng baby!” Xia Qingwei thought to herself.

She knew that a genius like Shi Yu wouldn’t contract any ordinary pet.

“Looks like Li Lianping gave you a good pet.” Principal Feng looked at Dr. Zuo’s surprised expression and clicked his tongue in wonder.

A moment later, out of curiosity, Xia Qingwei also smelled the nutrient. In the next second, her expression was red, and her whole body was so numb that she almost wanted to moan. She hurriedly took this thing away.

For ordinary Beast Tamers, the supplement of the ginseng baby was indeed a little strong.

There weren’t many Beast Tamers like Shi Yu who ate nutrients as if they were fruits without a change in expression.

“It can evolve now, right?”

After Shi Yu got Baby Ginseng to distribute the nutrients, he looked at the green cocoon that had already been successfully accelerated and opened its eyes again.

At this moment, the green cocoon’s expression was confused as it stayed on the spot at a loss.

“Yes.” Dr. Zuo nodded.

“In that case, Green Worm cocoon, try to break out of the cocoon.” Shi Yu said to the cocoon, “Do you know what to do?”

“Wu ~ ~” Buggy also instructed.

When the green cocoon heard the command, its body immediately swayed. Its eyes emitted a dark light. It activated its Psychic power and tried to break free from the cocoon’s restraints from the inside to completely release its potential.

“Ji!!!” At this moment, the green insect cocoon actually let out a rare sound.

Then, with a hum, an evolution light erupted from its body.

Everyone held their breaths.

Under the lingering light of evolution, the cocoon underwent a huge change. With a boom, under the pressure of Psychic power, the cocoon directly exploded, turning into white silk that flew in all directions.

Upon seeing this scene, Shi Yu’s heart ached. He recalled the cocoon that had been obliterated into nothingness by the spiritual and spatial powers when the worm evolved…

He originally wanted it to be fertilizer for the ginseng baby, but in the end, there was nothing. When these guys evolved, couldn’t they be a little gentler and take it off bit by bit like taking off their clothes??

It was ridiculous to tear it open directly. Why was it in such a hurry to reincarnate?

“It evolved!”

Although the green cocoon had exploded, the white light inside was still as before, gradually forming a new figure. Xia Qingyi exclaimed.

At the same time, the energy value of the Invisibility index in front of Shi Yu quickly changed.

[Name]:???

[Attributes]: Spirit

[Race Level]:???

Energy Points: 571

“Its energy level is 571, more than double. It can be said to be quite high for butterflies,” Shi Yu said in surprise.

“Moreover, the information is unknown. It’s a new race!”

As soon as he finished speaking, the light dissipated. A butterfly that was less than the size of a palm and was completely crystalline and white appeared in front of everyone with bright spots on its wings.

“What (ni) ~” This newly born butterfly immediately cried out softly.

“It’s indeed a new race.” The eyes of the worm-element expert, Legend Hua, and Dr. Zuo lit up when they saw this butterfly.

At this moment, under Buggy’s instructions, this new butterfly flew up and displayed its newly awakened racial skills for everyone.

Its crystal wings flapped, and a large amount of shining crystal powder quickly appeared. Soon, the crystal powder was attacked by a wave of Psychic power and blew forward fiercely!

After completing all of this, this evolution form fell from the sky and fell to the ground to sleep.

Everyone :”…”

After a moment of silence, Dr. Zuo said, “If I’m not wrong, what happened just now was a low-level spiritual skill, Psychic, mid-level spiritual skill, Psychic Powder, high-level spiritual skill, Absolute Sleep.”

“Transcendent level. Not long after breaking through and evolution, it has 571 energy points. Moreover, it has three spiritual skills. Without a doubt, this is a high-level transcendent race.”

“The cost of 100,000 yuan, a high-level transcendent race, and a rare spiritual element. The strategic value of the Green Silkworm cocoon is going to be infinitely expanded.” The more she spoke, the more excited she became.

Psychic fan.

After touching the Spiritual Crystal Powder, it would produce one of the effects of spiritual poison, mental paralysis, and spiritual sleep. It was very powerful.

Not only were they important materials for medicine, but their tactical value was also very high.

Absolute Sleep was even more so. If it wasn’t useful, Shi Yu wouldn’t have taught this skill to every pet.

This was simply a training divine skill that could greatly reduce the burden of cultivation.

In the evolution laws concluded by Lin Feng’s legend, although evolution didn’t increase race level 100%, it awakened new racial skills 100%. Now, two mysterious butterflies that had awakened new racial skills directly surprised Legend Hua, Dr. Zuo, and Xia Qingwei.

Generally speaking, when the Green Silkworm evolved normally, it would only have one more wind blade skill.

But now, spending hundreds of thousands more for three more spiritual skills was simply unimaginable.

“So strong?” Shi Yu also looked at the butterfly blankly.

This outcome exceeded his imagination.

He originally thought that it would be a middle-level transcendent race, but he didn’t expect that it actually directly reached a high-level transcendent race!

If that was the case, the cost-effective ratio of this butterfly was definitely super high for most Beast Tamers.

After all, the Green Silkworm was not expensive, and the evolution materials were very cheap.

The greatest difficulty and regret might be that even if the worm silk was only cultivated to expert level, it was not a simple thing for ordinary Beast Tamers.

Also, the lifespan of transcendent butterfly-type creatures wouldn’t be too long. If they couldn’t break through the racial limit, they might only be able to accompany Beast Tamers for ten years. Compared to Iron-eating Beasts that had decades of lifespan, they were also much inferior.

But this was enough. The value of a high-level transcendent pet for ten years completely exceeded the cost of this investment. It was a very good initial pet that could quickly help Beast Tamers enter the Beast Taming Domain.

Sometimes, it wasn’t that many people didn’t have abilities or talent. What they lacked was a stepping stone, and the evolution of the green cocoon was the best stepping stone!

“A very outstanding race,” Dr. Zuo said. “Although it can’t increase high-end battle power, it can greatly reduce the threshold for ordinary people to become Beast Tamers.”

“Compared to the Wind Crystal Butterfly that the usual Green Silkworm evolved into naturally… This pet’s growth potential is very huge.”

“The all-purpose basic skill, Psychic Power, has been developed appropriately. It can satisfy all needs. Not only is the Psychic Powder very tactical, but it can also be collected and sold to subsidize Beast Tamers. Absolute Sleep can accelerate the growth of pets and increase the efficiency of training. It can allow the worm-element sprites with fast battle power to form battle power faster. This is simply the most suitable pet race for low-level Beast Tamers.”

Although Legend Hua, Principal Feng, and the others had previously realized that the potential of the Green Silkworm cocoon would be very large, the potential of the new race born from the two consecutive evolution of the Green Silkworm still shocked them.

“Principal Feng, I knew it. The Feeding Department of Ancient Capital University is about to take off.” Legend Hua looked at Principal Feng with the same smile as Dr. Zuo.

Principal Feng grinned. “What do you mean take off? It’s mainly to contribute to the Beast Taming Domain of Dong Huang. Ancient Capital University will cooperate fully in the subsequent research!”

“Shi Yu, well done!”

Xia Qingwei also looked at Shi Yu and was completely convinced.

“This isn’t the end.”

“This is only the result of the evolution materials of the expert level worm silk and the green worm cocoon. What if it’s the perfect level worm silk, the transcendent level worm silk?”

“Is it possible to give birth to a new pet of a commander race, or even a monarch race? If other materials are added, is it possible to give birth to a butterfly with two attributes!” Dr. Zuo said. “The experiment is far from over. The rare Feeding Conference has to be shown more results.”

“Qingwei, let’s speed up the experiment together.”

“I understand.” Xia Qingwei heaved a sigh of relief when she saw that her mother didn’t choose to squeeze her dry. However, at the same time, she was very excited. It was tiring to participate in such a major research.

“Then I’ll have to trouble everyone.” Shi Yu was also very satisfied. Was the soil of time stable?

“By the way, the name of this pet…” Dr. Zuo said.

Legend Hua: “Shi Yu, you name it.”

Shi Yu casually said, “Name whatever you want. I think it should be called the Crystal Thought Butterfly. Let’s form a family with the Wind Crystal Butterfly, the Flame Crystal Butterfly, and the Dark Crystal Butterfly.”

“So casual…”

…

Then, the Iron-eating Beast Research Institute was temporarily changed to the Green Silkworm Cocoon Research Institute. Everyone studied it excitedly.

As for the old principal of Ancient Capital University, he hurriedly went to help Shi Yu register for the Feeding Conference in the name of Ancient Capital University.

The Feeding Conference was the big event of the third bureau. The large-scale exhibition hosted by the Feeding Association was a very important stage. Several large financial groups and nine major universities would participate, and it was also a relatively important opportunity. Principal Feng was overjoyed. He didn’t expect Shi Yu to be quite so reliable.

“Hehe.” Principal Feng walked happily.

“Ah, Grandpa Feng.” The beast-eared girl, White Brook, accidentally bumped into him.

Seeing that Principal Feng was so happy, she smiled and said, “What’s good?”

“Yes, you will know later. Where are you going?” Principal Feng chuckled and said, keeping it a secret.

“Go find Shi Yu and talk to him about the exchange activity with Imperial Capital University. We plan to set off to Imperial Capital next week,” White Brook said.

Principal Feng’s face fell and he said, “No, no, no, what exchange activity? Don’t let him be distracted by this kind of thing.”

White Brook:???

Principal Feng thought to himself that Shi Yu would also go to the capital in a week, but not to participate in any exchange activity, but to participate in the Feeding Conference!

If there was a conflict in time, the Feeding Conference was more important!

…

At the same time, in the capital, at the headquarters of the Feeder Association.

For the upcoming Feeding Conference, this place also became busy.

Not only here, but in Imperial Capital University, the new and senior students of Imperial Capital University’s battle club also increased their training in order to welcome the upcoming battle club exchange with Ancient Capital University.

They were neither arrogant nor impatient. No matter who the opponent was, they had to deal with it seriously. This was the social training of Imperial Capital University’s battle club. Even if the opponent was the weak Ancient Capital University, they were still seriously preparing for battle as usual.

However, social training was social training. They did it on the surface, but in the heart, not everyone valued it that much.

It had only been half a year since the end of the National League, so how could they not know the strength that the Ancient Capital University had?

“Zhengfan, the training is over. Aren’t you leaving?” A beautiful two pony-tailed woman shouted at the young man in the arena.

Yin Zhengfan, a reserve newcomer of the battle club at Imperial Capital University. Because he was very young, he could be considered the most cared for member here.

Most importantly, Yin Zhengfan himself was also very hardworking. This made others have no choice but to admire this child.

“Senior, I still want to train a little longer,” Yin Zhengfan said.

“Don’t tire yourself out.” The battle society sister shook her head and left first. Everyone knew why Yin Zhengfan was working so hard. Was it because of the battle club exchange with Ancient Capital University?

If they weren’t wrong, Yin Zhengfan should be very concerned about a Beast Tamer of the same period in Ancient Capital University.

Shi Yu, this year’s top scholar in the Ancient Capital assessment, the only one who defeated Yin Zhengfan.

However, Shi Yu was only a new student after all. He might not necessarily participate in this exchange. In fact, it was said that the other party was from the archaeology Department. It was even uncertain if he had joined the battle club of Ancient Capital University. Yin Zhengfan had worked so hard to prepare for battle, so he might not even have seen the person in the end.

“But if Shi Yu really comes, he’ll definitely be shocked by the change in Zhengfan’s strength.”

“The growth atmosphere of the two schools is completely heaven and earth.”

The senior left the venue with a smile.. Even in the Imperial Capital University where monsters gathered, Yin Zhengfan, who had fought hard enough, was considered one of the best among the new students. Perhaps she should help Yin Zhengfan investigate Shi Yu’s current situation?