Chapter 205 - Buggy’S Life Path

Chapter 205: Buggy’s Life Path

Translator:

Atlas Studios

Editor:

Atlas Studios

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The gem cat was in a better mood.

“Don’t want the others, right?” it asked.

“No,” Shi Yu said.

“By the way, is there any place that can produce a relatively positive mutation stimulation power for plants?” Shi Yu asked. “Special soil and special water are fine.”

“Most importantly, where there’s no danger. Baby Ginseng and I can go.”

“Meow?” The gem cat pondered for a moment.

It couldn’t think of anything.

It was mainly because Shi Yu and Baby Ginseng had too many requirements.

There was naturally a pile of ordinary places, but for a ginseng baby to use it, it naturally had to be a special wonderland with energy levels above level seven. Only then would the ginseng baby have a chance to mutate into an overlord race.

However, such places were very rare in the country… With restrictions, there were even fewer.

“I’ll look and think about it later. I’ll tell you when I find it.” The gem cat waved its paw. “Is there anything else?”

“I’ll get my clone to get you the gem first.”

“No hurry, no hurry,” Shi Yu said. “Let’s leave it here first. We’ll come and get it when Baby Ginseng is about to evolve.”

Shi Yu had to prepare more of Baby Ginseng’s evolution materials no matter what. Just one Moonlight Gem was definitely not enough.

Using just one ingredient was already letting down a max-level mutation skill, although the mutation skill had yet to be taught to the ginseng baby, not even lush or strengthening was taught yet.

But it was definitely not wrong to prepare more materials.

If he couldn’t absorb too much, he wouldn’t need it when the time came, but he definitely couldn’t absorb too little either.

After all, who knew when the next evolution would be? This time, it naturally had to be done in one go.

“There’s nothing else, but can you accompany me to the Undead Battlefield in a month?” Shi Yu suddenly said with a smile.

Eh?

The gem cat looked at Shi Yu.

Shi Yu looked at Little Chi Tong and said, “It has the Spirit Release skill. It needs to burn 10,000 transcendent-level undead to advance. We plan to liberate its next form later. We still lack a bodyguard.”

The gem cat said, “Oh, oh, no problem. The Undead Battlefield. Hmph, it’s just a place I once rampaged in.”

“As long as that Undying Dark Phoenix doesn’t appear, as long as no dangerous ruins suddenly appear, even if an Undead King suddenly upgrades into overlord, I can protect you all.”

Shi Yu :”…”

Please, stop talking.

…

After making an appointment with a Moonlight Gem at the gem cat’s place, Shi Yu and the others returned satisfied.

Apart from that, he also made an appointment for the trip in a month.

At that time, the school should be on holiday. It would take time to increase Little Chi Tong’s strength. It would also be convenient for him to participate in the martial arts conference and explore the ruins of the Martial Emperor.

With the gem cat leading the way to level up, if he was lucky, not to mention ten thousand transcendent-level undead, he might even be able to kill a thousand commander-level undead along the way and raise Little Chi Tong’s Spirit Release to expert level.

It made Little Chi Tong the first ace lady in the team to master an expert level super skill.

As for the perfect level, there was definitely no hope. Even with the gem cat leading the team, 100 monarchs weren’t that easy.

In the near future, he definitely wouldn’t be free. Apart from the fossils that were coming later, the Green Silkworm Experiment from Hua Xiajin’s legend would also be sent over one after another. He had to work for a period of time.

“So fast?”

Just as Shi Yu arrived at the dormitory, he received a call from the Ancient Capital’s fossil museum.

“Are you Student Shi Yu? I’m Liu Xingqun, deputy director of the Ancient Capital fossil museum.”

“Hello.”

Shi Yu was excited. He looked at Buggy, who had just sent them back from the resource bank.

It meant that there was no need to rest. It was time to get the fossils.

Eleven, Baby Ginseng, and Little Chi Tong waved at the worm. Have a safe trip.

They didn’t follow and reduced the pressure on Buggy.

Buggy:…

It suspected that this was the reason why Shi Yu taught it Instant Transmission.

“Wuo~ ~”

Then, Buggy tiredly brought Shi Yu around.

When they returned, they had a transparent container with a huge tooth in it.

This was the Tyrant Dragon Tooth that Senior Li Lianping had given them to study.

This tooth was preserved very well. It was said that it was sealed underground and not much energy leaked out. There was actually a level-seven energy wave. It was very unbelievable.

Buggy looked at it with shining eyes.

At this moment, Buggy was very excited.

Including this, there were three dragon-element equipment. Even if its Normal State couldn’t defeat Eleven, would it not be able to defeat Eleven with the equipment?

“Are you very happy?” Shi Yu looked at Buggy.

Buggy nodded crazily.

“You’re happy too early. The Ice Dragon’s Whiskers, Sea Dragon’s Scales, Tyrant Dragon’s Fang… They’re all mine, not yours!”

Buggy: Σ (° △ ° | |)

Buggy was shocked, its compound eyes filled with tears. Was there a need to be like this with their relationship?

It already belonged to him, what’s wrong with letting it use the equipment…

“It’s not good to rely on external forces too much.”

“After all, it’s an external force. Moreover, don’t you think that if you really want to get equipment, you can earn money and buy equipment yourself. Only then will you feel at ease.”

Shi Yu educated him. It actually relied its hopes on three dragons mere overlord races. Where was its ambition?

You’re already an overlord race. Even if you want to bring equipment, you have to find legendary materials and mythical materials.

At the dining table, on the seat, the ginseng baby holding a soda popped its head out and deeply agreed that it would only feel more at ease if it earned its own money to buy evolution materials.

Buggy was momentarily at a loss.

Could it be that it still had to continue selling the worm silk?

Shi Yu chuckled and said, “Thinking too small, Buggy.”

“Your phantom is already at the transcendent level. What if you create a phantom that contains the power of your attack to seal in a certain piece of equipment and sell this guardian talisman?”

“If you train the spatial pocket skill to an extremely high level, who says you can’t open an alternate space outside your body? It’s suitable to combine worm silk and weave real spatial bag equipment to sell, no?”

“Isn’t this more profitable than selling a single worm silk?”

Buggy:!!!!!

Baby Ginseng:!!

Eleven, Baby Ginseng, and Little Chi Tong stuck their heads out from different places.

Good heavens, Baby Ginseng was a food wholesaler, and Buggy had become an equipment wholesaler?

Eleven, who was passing by, pondered for a moment. Did it have any ability to earn money? He didn’t seem to have any…

If it had one, it perhaps could also use Hardening to condense weapons and equipment and sell them.

However, it felt that it was much lower than Buggy’s spatial equipment and Phantom equipment.

Little Chi Tong also thought for a moment before giving up. This was because for the time being, it only thought about how it could handle the “cremation” business.

It could allow the dead to return to the void without any pressure. After all, its soul would have been burned.

“Wu ~”

On the other side, Buggy thought for a moment and its eyes lit up. It felt that it could. When it earned money, it would buy a bunch of recovery items to store in the spatial bag. It wanted to see if Eleven’s reserved edge stored more energy or its spatial bag stored more energy!

It, Buggy, only wanted to earn money now!

As long as it worked hard enough, it wasn’t impossible for it to buy items that could surpass these three dragon-element equipment!

Shi Yu smiled when he saw that Buggy had understood.

His pets were all big spenders. He had to slowly nurture their ability to earn money.

What was the greatest reason for those quasi legendary Beast Tamers who had reached level seven in the Beast Taming Space but didn’t have overlord-level pets?

In the end, they still lacked money.

Although money wasn’t omnipotent, with money, wouldn’t it be easy to get an overlord-level pet?

“Wu!” Buggy suddenly said excitedly.

In fact, there was a more profitable method.

Shi Yu: “Huh??”

Buggy looked at the fossil. Stop wasting time. Quick, come and study the fossil. If we can revive ancient creatures, we have everything we want.

What if he could completely turn illusions into reality and let ancient times descend into the modern world? He would be rich by selling the Tyrant Dragon Baby.

Shi Yu :”…”

“Go away.. With that strength, isn’t it good to go to the totem area to hunt monsters and earn money? Why sell the Tyrant Dragon Baby?”