Chapter 204 - Moonlight Ginseng Baby

Shi Yu chatted with Senior Li and felt that he couldn’t disappoint the old woman.

He couldn’t help but say, “I’m interested. I’ve loved researching ancient creatures and ancient fossils since I was young.”

With the phone in hand, Shi Yu was extremely sincere.

Archeology involved classifications. Among them, Shi Yu also had preferences.

He wasn’t very interested in development changes such as clothes, buildings, money, and art.

However, he was still very interested in the paleontological fossil research Senior Li mentioned.

In fact, there was also an “Tyrant Dragon” on Earth, and it was a creature with absolute strength. Its battle power was completely above tigers or lions.

On this blue planet where everything could evolve, the “lions and tigers” could constantly evolve into various commander races, monarch races, and overlord races. Shi Yu was still very curious about the information on the evolution of the Tyrant Dragon.

Of course, what Shi Yu liked to study the most was definitely still those ethereal Mythical histories. Unfortunately, Mythical Ruins were also the most dangerous and forbidden archeological types in the archeological domain of Planet Blue. Without some strength, it was really difficult to get started.

“Alright, I’ll get the people over there to prepare and send the fossil to your school.” Grandma Li smiled in relief.

Such a good young man actually liked fossils.

Shi Yu had already been delayed by this little girl, Lu Qingyi. Research on fossils was the right path!

“Qingyi, you’re still too young. You can’t control Shi Yu. Why don’t you let him try the fossil first?” She muttered to herself.

“Sorry to trouble you,” Shi Yu said.

“I keep feeling that he’s fighting for something.” Beside him, White Brook fell silent when she saw Shi Yu expressing his love for something.

Rich woman…

“Haha.” Principal Feng laughed. Studying fossils was pretty good. As long as it wasn’t excavating fossils in various dangerous places and had already been excavated, it was still quite safe. It was very suitable for a restless university student like Shi Yu.

…

A moment later, Shi Yu and the others returned to Ancient Capital University.

It was getting late. Principal Feng, White Brook, and Shi Yu bid each other farewell.

At this moment, Shi Yu’s face was filled with a smile. This was because Senior Li had said that the Tyrant Dragon’s Teeth was at the Ancient Capital fossil museum. He would get someone to send it to him later.

“Go back to the dormitory and wait for Stone…”

“Eh, forget it. Let’s go to the gem cat to take a look first.”

Shi Yu thought for a moment and looked at Eleven, Baby Ginseng, and Little Chi Tong.

“It’s your turn, Buggy.”

Transport Butterfly: “…”

A moment later, Shi Yu and the others were teleported to the resource warehouse of Ancient Capital University by Buggy.

He appeared outside the gem cat door without even registering.

As Shi Yu and the others appeared, the changes in mental waves and spatial fluctuations naturally couldn’t be hidden from the gem cat.

It opened its eyes slightly, and its cat hair exploded.

Although it had promised to sponsor the evolution materials for the ginseng baby when Shi Yu had just returned…

However, a day had yet to pass when Shi Yu charged over. This was too fast.

It had yet to delete the public info on its favorite gemstones to hide it from him.

“Good afternoon.”

When Shi Yu greeted outside, Baby Ginseng, Eleven, Little Chi Tong, and Buggy were already standing on the window sill, knocking on the glass.

In the room, the gem cat sighed and let Shi Yu and the others in.

Soon, Shi Yu and the others sat in front of the computer, their faces shining. They gathered around and picked up the materials.

At the side, the gem cat was nervous.

“Baby Ginseng is already a low-level monarch race, so evolution materials have to be at least level-seven materials,” Shi Yu muttered to himself.

The gem cat’s heart skipped a beat.

That being said…

It kept feeling that it was going to lose many treasures again.

“Yes…”

Next, Shi Yu and the others picked. However, the evolution materials of the ginseng baby were really difficult to obtain.

He needed to find resources that were stimulating to wood-element plants in order to produce the mutation power. Those ordinary resources, such as wood-element energy crystals, were impossible.

Shi Yu and the others picked for a long time from the Gem Cat Private Treasure Vault and the Ancient Capital University’s resource bank, but they didn’t find anything suitable.

“Huh?” However, hard work paid off. Shi Yu discovered a special resource in the messy folder of the gem cat.

“This…”

Shi Yu opened the resource information.

[Name]: Moonlight Gem

[Attributes]: Light

[Level]: Level 7

[Introduction]: A gem containing moonlight essence. Moonlight radiation might cause some animals and plants to mutate.

“Teacher Cat, this, this, this…”

Although there was very little introduction, Shi Yu was immediately certain that this was one of the things he was looking for.

“Meow!!!”

However, just as Shi Yu discovered this, the gem cat widened its eyes and said, “This… is dangerous.”

“It’s indeed very dangerous… If I remember correctly, the mixed-blood werewolves in the West relied on this mutation to evolve, right?”

“There’s also a race that once appeared on the seven islands that relied on the moonlight essence to mutate from monkeys to gorillas. They all relied on it.”

The gem cat nodded crazily.

“These are all examples. If you’re not careful, you’ll lose your mind during the mutation evolution process. Although relying on the moonlight essence can indeed increase your battle power more than ten times, it’s too dangerous. It has a very strong stimulation power for plants and animals. At the moment, only a few races can withstand its stimulation power.”

“But aren’t the races that can withstand it the top overlords of nature? Or even totems,” Shi Yu said.

“Moreover, I remember that after humans first boarded the moon with mechanical lives, they also successfully cultivated mutated spiritual plants on the moon. The effect of the spiritual plants improved greatly. Later on, after Dong Huang ascended the moon, we also successfully verified this saying.”

Shi Yu looked at the silent cat.

Dong Huang was the second country to develop Mechanics. The first country had long used Mechanical Life to break through the restrictions of the blue planet and reach the Moon. They even discovered Mythical Ruins on the Moon. Shi Yu remembered all of this.

Unfortunately, the conditions for moon landing were too harsh. It was even harder than killing a totem. Later on, after thinking that the moon didn’t have much exploration value, very few countries were willing to try moon landing.

When Shi Yu was searching for special environments previously, he had considered the Moon, but he definitely gave up after thinking about it… Finding the Moonlight Gem here was purely an accident.

“Perhaps Baby Ginseng can use it too,” Shi Yu said.

Since a pet had already overcome the Moonlight Radiation and completed the mutation evolution, if he raised the mutation skill of the baby ginseng to “transcendent”, there was no reason for the baby ginseng to not be able to withstand the power of the mutation as well.

Ginseng Baby’s Moonlight Evolution, Chang’e(the Lady of the Moon) Baby?

Baby Ginseng nodded crazily.

“Wu…” The gem cat trembled slightly and put it aside dangerously. The key was that it liked this Moonlight Gem very much.

Although it wasn’t very useful anymore, but…

“Yi!!!” Baby Ginseng looked at the gem cat with tears in its eyes, promising to make moonlight flavored gem fruits in the future.

It was named Moonlight Gem Fruit.

No matter how beautiful the Moonlight Gem was, it couldn’t be used. However, the Moonlight Gem Fruit could be eaten!

Gem Cat: “Meow! (Deal)”

Shi Yu: “?”

“Can you tell me what a moonlight flavored gem fruit is?” Shi Yu felt that he almost couldn’t understand their communication.

“Hurry up and choose,” the gem cat urged. “Forget about those useless things.”

“No, after looking around, there’s only one mutated material suitable for the ginseng baby,” Shi Yu said.

The gem cat heaved a sigh of relief.. Stopped the damage in time… Alright.