Chapter 203 - Shi Yu’S Dragon Army

Master Qu Jie…

Shi Yu didn’t know what to say.

Last time, when Eleven had just finished evolving, Dean Hao contacted Master Qu Jie and helped him carry out the Intermediate Beast Tamer assessment. The audience was the panda father and daughter.

This time, after Buggy finished evolving, Principal Feng seemed to also want to contact Master Qu Jie to help him carry out the high-level Beast Tamer assessment?

Seriously…

“It’s not impossible.”

Shi Yu said, “I indeed haven’t carried out the high-level assessment.”

Although Master Qu Jie didn’t seem very happy the last time, he was in this line of work. Shi Yu and the others were also taking care of him.

“Haha, alright then. I’ll contact Qu Jie now.”

Principal Feng took out his cell phone and immediately dialed.

…

At the assessment venue of the Beast Tamer Association of Ancient Capital.

The in-charge, Master Qu Jie, unexpectedly received a call again.

“Principal Feng, what’s the matter?”

Principal Feng’s level was much higher than Dean Hao’s.

Although he had already retired, he was also a legendary figure in the ancient capital back then. He was a senior.

“Haha, Master Qu, I have a student here who plans to undergo the high-level Beast Tamer assessment. Are you free?”

“Of course. Come, I’ll take the assessment personally…”

Master Qu Jie still thought that it was something big.

Sigh, was that all?

Simple!

Principal Feng called him personally. Which student was so impressive?

Eh?

He frowned and realized that things weren’t simple.

However, he felt that he was overthinking.

“Principal Feng, may I ask, which student is it?”

“You know this person. He’s the top scholar of our batch’s vocation assessment, Shi Yu.”

As soon as he finished speaking, Master Qu Jie was stunned on the spot.

Holy shit.

Shi Yu?

Why did this kid increase two levels in four months?

Even if he kept taking medicine, it couldn’t be that fierce, right?

“Then I’ll hang up first. We’ll go over now,” Principal Feng said.

“Ah…” Master Qu Jie was just about to say something when the other party had already gotten up.

…

A moment later, the Beast Tamer Association.

The corners of Master Qu Jie’s mouth twitched as he stood outside to welcome Shi Yu and the others.

He looked at Principal Feng and the president of the Battle Club of Ancient Capital University, White Brook, who came together and immediately understood. They didn’t come with good intentions.

The last time he came, it was also a big battle.

Why was there such a big scene for a serious person to come to the assessment?

“Principal Feng, Student White Brook, Student Shi Yu.”

Master Qu Jie looked at the three of them with a stomach ache.

“Master Qu Jie, long time no see,” the few of them greeted.

Master Qu Jie was silent for a moment before saying, “Actually, I was the one who gave Student Shi Yu the assessment last time.”

Principal Feng and White Brook were stunned. They looked at Shi Yu. There was such a thing?

They wouldn’t have paid attention to Shi Yu’s intermediate assessment either. They really didn’t know.

“Student Shi Yu performed very well last time.”

“Although the intermediate assessment only requires the pet to last a few minutes in the hands of a commander-level battle power, with Student Shi Yu’s strength at that time, defeating ordinary commander-level battle power was not a problem.”

“So I’ve considered it. There’s no need for the high-level assessment. I’ve already prepared the high-level certificate.” Master Qu Jie took out his identification.

The three of them:???

“This is against the rules…” White Brook said.

“Rules are all set by humans. As long as the standard is met, formalism is the most unnecessary,” Master Qu Jie explained.

“That’s true.” Principal Feng nodded.

Master Qu Jie chuckled. The old senior was still reasonable.

Principal Feng said, “Then don’t follow the rules. But since you’re already here, seal the pet’s energy level to 200,000. Fight Shi Yu with the lowest monarch-level standard. It’s just nice to test his current strength.”

Master Qu Jie was stunned.

Fight?

“This…” White Brook was also stunned.

Therefore, was it a high-level Beast Tamer assessment or a master-level assessment?

“200,000, for real?”

Master Qu Jie was stunned.

However, after careful consideration, if it was 200,000, he could beat Shi Yu.

Shi Yu’s abnormal Nine Li Battle Beast only had less than 100,000 energy points three months ago.

Even if Shi Yu broke through, his pet definitely couldn’t break through with him.

If that Nine Li Battle Beast surpassed Shi Yu by another level and reached the monarch level, he definitely wouldn’t believe it.

No matter how good the physique of a high-level Beast Tamer was, it was impossible for them to control a monarch-level pet. The strength of the pet became greater the further it went. It was also because of this that the higher the level of the Beast Tamer, the harder it was to increase.

Therefore, the greatest possibility was that the Nine Li War Beast still had about 100,000 energy points.

Two times the energy difference!

Even if Shi Yu’s Nine Li Battle Beast’s skill proficiency was very high, that was fine. This was because his pet skill proficiency was not low either. He couldn’t widen the gap much. This time, as long as he arranged his battle tactics appropriately…

“It’s not impossible, right?” Master Qu Jie nodded.

“But 200,000 is indeed a little high. 4VS1. Shi Yu can send four pets. Master Qu Jie, you have one. This is according to the standard,” Principal Feng thought again and added.

He wanted to see the strength of General Mu Huiyin’s heroic spirit possessing Shi Yu and Shi Yu’s new pet, the Butterfly of Imagination. 1VS1 was definitely not enough.

“Sure.” Master Qu Jie felt that there was no problem. This was more reasonable. Otherwise, it would be a little bullying.

“Student Shi Yu, your pets are all commander rank, right?” Just in case, Master Qu Jie asked.

“Three commander ranks and one transcendent,” Shi Yu said.

“Oh, oh, not bad. You’ve improved very quickly.” Master Qu Jie smiled. It looked like he was overthinking.

…

After confirming that it was a different form of assessment, the few of them arrived at the specialized examination hall.

As he walked, Master Qu Jie communicated with the Ox-Headed Beast King telepathically.

“Old Bull, come to the assessment. This time, your chance to show off your might is here!”

“It’s still that Shi Yu, but this time, you have a 200,000 energy limit!”

“You definitely won’t fail this time. It’s a battle to wash away your humiliation.”

Ox-Headed Beast King:?

“Roar!!!”

In the examination hall, Master Qu Jie summoned his pet as he walked.

In the arena, a dark red flame formed, and the phantom of a huge bull-headed monster nearly four meters tall appeared.

“It’s still the Ox-Headed Beast King?” Shi Yu was slightly stunned when he saw his opponent.

They were old friends.

“Roar!!” However, the Ox-Headed Beast King looked at Shi Yu with a rather unfriendly expression.

Hehe, your Grandpa Cow had 200,000 energy points this time!

It could relax a little and fight. Who else was there?

In front of Shi Yu, the energy value of the Ox-Headed Beast King had indeed been sealed by Master Qu Jie to “200001”.

“Summon your pets,” Master Qu Jie said with a smile.

“Alright.”

Shi Yu took a deep breath and started to summon his pet.

Hu hu hu ~

As Shi Yu began to summon his pet, a breeze blew.

The summoning array turned into a spatial ripple. A huge butterfly more than three meters tall with a body mainly blue and white came out. With watery blue compound eyes and a pair of gorgeous blue wings, whose wings were covered in bright white patterns, it slowly flew out of the spatial ripple.

After the Butterfly of Imagination appeared, it quietly stared at its opponent. As the overlord butterfly, its aura involuntarily emitted, its aura extremely intimidating!

Boom!

The overlord aura swept past, making Master Qu Jie’s hair and the tuft of red hair of the Ox-Headed Beast King sway slightly.

At this moment, when he saw the Butterfly of Imagination, Master Qu Jie was first stunned. Then, after careful observation, his pupils constricted slightly.

He opened his mouth wide and suddenly raised his hand. He pointed opposite and trembled slightly.

The powerful aura of the Butterfly of Imagination caused the baby ginseng on the ground beside it and the little sword spirit floating in the air to not be noticed at all. The limelight was all snatched away by the worm.

“This is!!”

Upon seeing this butterfly, Master Qu Jie opened his mouth wide and looked at Shi Yu in shock. He looked at Principal Feng in the audience.

F*ck!

Wasn’t this the newly announced overlord species pet, the Butterfly of Imagination?!

Damn, why was it here!

Master Qu Jie was stunned.

“That Imagination Butterfly in the Butterfly Meeting is your pet?!!”

Master Qu Jie looked at Shi Yu in shock.

In fact, not many Beast Tamers knew that the Butterfly of Imagination was Shi Yu’s pet at the moment. At the moment, only some core members of the associations related to this incident knew.

A legendary Beast Tamer might be able to find out if he wanted to investigate, but even a top-notch master like Master Qu Jie wouldn’t know the truth so easily if he didn’t have channels.

“Yeah.” Shi Yu smiled.

Master Qu Jie looked at Shi Yu’s lineup in confusion. Indeed, during the last assessment, only Baby Ginseng and the green silkworm, who were eating melons and were unable to interfere in the battle, were left. As for that green silkworm… it had already evolved into the butterfly of imagination in front of him?

Holy shit.

Master Qu Jie was stunned. Mid-level overlord race, commander-level Butterfly of Imagination?

He suddenly felt that the battle this time was not that stable.

After all, even that exaggerated Nine Li War Beast had yet to reach the overlord race!

And his Ox-Headed Beast King was only a low-level monarch race, much lower than the Butterfly of Imagination!

What a scam.

Also, he quickly looked at the little sword spirit. This was a sword-type undead?

The sword spirit was a large-type pet. If a new race didn’t form on a large scale, its race level would be difficult to determine. Master Qu Jie fell silent.

On his side, there was completely insufficient information!

“Where’s your Iron-eating Beast?” Master Qu Jie asked again. He felt troubled. Beside him, the Ox-Headed Beast King’s face also fell. It had a bad feeling.

His Beast Tamer didn’t seem to be reliable…

Shi Yu said, “Here.”

Little Eleven crawled out of Shi Yu’s pocket and onto his shoulder.

“Alright…” Seeing that Shi Yu’s four pets were all here, a drop of sweat appeared on Master Qu Jie’s forehead. He suddenly regretted taking this assessment.

Who knew that Shi Yu would have another overlord pet!

However, it wasn’t a big problem…

He believed in the Ox-Headed Beast King.

Butterfly-type pets had a classic lack of defense, which meant that their vitality was not high, their stamina was low, and their energy levels were low. The Ox-Headed Beast King still had an advantage.

In other words, apart from the number advantage of super skills and the spatial advantage, this butterfly was not as powerful as that Nine Li War Beast…

“You guys attack first.”

Master Qu Jie said seriously.

At the same time, he and the Ox-Headed Beast King focused.

“Master Qu Jie, because I haven’t really sent them to a real fight together, you have to trouble yourself a little.”

Shi Yu didn’t know if he could defeat an opponent with 200,000 energy points and a high skill proficiency, but whether he could defeat him or not, Master Qu Jie had to adapt to the situation.

In theory, it was still the first time everyone fought side by side after Little Chi Tong broke through, after his own breakthrough, and after his possession was also increased!

“Then let me see your strength.” Master Qu Jie expressed that there was no problem. “Don’t have any worries.”

Three commander ranks and one transcendent rank. He believed that he could still deal with it, but it might be troublesome…

Shi Yu stood in the arena and immediately said, “Then I’ll start!”

Spatial shackles!!

He directly let Buggy use the transcendent high-level spatial skill, spatial shackles!

Stunning the enemy before the team battle was the foundation!

Boom!

As Shi Yu finished speaking, the gaze of the Butterfly Insect in the sky flashed slightly. Almost instantly, an incomparable pressure appeared around the Ox-Headed Beast King, making its expression change drastically. Master Qu Jie’s expression also changed drastically.

Because the Butterfly of Imagination was too fast, so fast that even if they had experienced hundreds of battles, they almost couldn’t react.

A transcendent-level spatial skill… was almost equivalent to instant cast.

“Roar!!!”

At this moment, red flames erupted from the Ox-Headed Beast King’s body. With a roar, it raised its battle ax and directly slashed across the sky.

The huge ax burned with flames, and the surrounding heat wave began to sway. A transcendent Flaming Ax attack directly turned into a shock wave and flew towards the Butterfly of Imagination. At this moment, Master Qu Jie and the Ox-Headed Beast King realized what skill the Butterfly of Imagination had used just now.

Spatial shackles!!

Bang!

The Ox-Headed Beast King’s Flaming Ax phantom didn’t fly far before exploding into thin air, as if it had come into contact with some invisible wall.

At this moment, the full appearance of the spatial shackles gradually became clear after being attacked. A transparent huge semicircular domain directly enveloped the Ox-Headed Beast King and sealed it.

The spatial domain constantly produced ripples, but even though it suffered a huge impact, it quickly recovered its calm and was actually fine.

A transcendent mid-level skill was used by a pet that had reached the lowest standard of the monarch level. It actually… couldn’t break the spatial shackles of a commander-level pet!

“How is that possible!” Master Qu Jie immediately widened his eyes.

“Roar!”

The Ox-Headed Beast King also stopped thinking.

“This spatial shackle…”

Principal Feng and White Brook’s pupils also constricted.

This spatial strength was a little ridiculous…

Although the current Ox-Headed Beast King was only at the standard of the transcendent monarch race, it had at least reached the threshold of the monarch level. Moreover, it had mastered a transcendent intermediate-level skill. Its energy efficiency was definitely not low. That 200,000 energy points, combined with the transcendent intermediate-level skill, was an absolute crush for commander-level pets.

However, the Butterfly of Imagination was so easily stunning?

“Unbelievable, much stronger than I imagined,” Principal Feng muttered. A middle-level overlord race could have this strength?

No, it wasn’t that the middle-level overlord race was very strong, but that this Butterfly of Imagination was very strong!!

At the moment, only Shi Yu knew what was going on. After all… Buggy used a transcendent high-level skill. Moreover, it was a powerful spatial skill. Moreover, its energy value was less than 60,000 lower than the other party. The difference was far from that big.

It wasn’t that the other party couldn’t break through the spatial shackles, but it probably had to use super skills or combination skills. However, Shi Yu clearly wouldn’t wait for the other party to directly break through the spatial shackles!

He didn’t let the worm cause spatial fluctuations any further to attack. Instead, he chose to let it strengthen the strength of the shackles. He took a deep breath and planned to charge the attacker!

“Flame Bath Battle Soul, Raging Flame Charge, Horn of Fire!”

On the other side, Master Qu Jie gritted his teeth and smiled. He decided not to let this little monster, Shi Yu, underestimate him.

In any case, Shi Yu had already touched most of his baseline the last time. In that case, he would fight with all his might.

The proficient level Flame Bath Battle Soul increased all-round attributes. The transcendent level Flame Charge increased explosive power, the transcendent level Flame Horn penetrated space, and with the absolute advantage of 200,000 energy points as the foundation…

Boom!

The Ox-Headed Beast King exploded as its muscles increased.

It charged at the spatial shackles.

However, at this moment, Master Qu Jie accidentally observed the other side and Shi Yu’s actions…

He couldn’t help but be stunned.

On the other side, under the breeze, Shi Yu’s red cloak fluttered in the wind.

He stretched out his hand, and a large amount of black matter appeared out of thin air. Soon, a black sword condensed in Shi Yu’s hand.

At the same time that Shi Yu swung it gently, Little Chi Tong quickly turned into a red light beside him and merged into Shi Yu’s body to possess him!

At the same time, Eleven, who was standing on Shi Yu’s shoulder, evolved in a posture of about 0.3 meters. It entered the sharp mode and erupted with hardening and lightning power armor all over Shi Yu’s body.

Buzz!

In the next moment, the hardening sword in Shi Yu’s hand was black and red, as if it had just come out of a furnace with lightning lingering around it.

Space seemed to tremble, and the air buzzed.

Shi Yu’s body began to turn blurry and hot. Slowly, the color of Shi Yu’s eyes and hair turned fiery red.

With a boom, countless fire threads condensed. A fierce spiritual aura that was like the flames of the sun turned into flames that wrapped around Shi Yu’s entire body!

“Master Qu Jie, you’re very familiar with this state, right? I’ve also done this in the vocation assessment…”

“But now, the equipment has been upgraded…”

Gulp.

Seeing Shi Yu’s change, Master Qu Jie was stunned again. He suddenly realized that something was wrong, and his gaze exploded.

What was this? What was this? A familiar yet unfamiliar style!

At this moment, the Ox-Headed Beast King, which had suddenly attacked the spatial shackles, also suddenly felt that something was wrong. It sensed a terrifying hot aura that was much stronger than the Butterfly of Imagination from Shi Yu’s body. As a fire-element pet, it was very sensitive…

“Wu wu wu wu wu wu wu ka ka ka!!”

As for White Brook, she was excited.

Principal Feng’s eyes lit up.

This was the Sword Spirit Possession Mode?

In the arena, Buggy sensed Shi Yu’s state and nodded secretly.

It was confident in dealing with Eleven, Shi Yu, and Little Chi Tong alone. However, when Eleven, Shi Yu, and Little Chi Tong combined their strength, the power that erupted was too much even if it went all out.

The Iron-eating Beast Knight combination was too strong.

No, this couldn’t be exclusive to leader. Someday, it would have to materialize an ice dragon and let Shi Yu become a Dragon Knight. This was the correct way for Little Chi Tong’s opening.

Because of this battle, Principal Feng and Senior Bai wanted to see the Butterfly of Imagination and Little Chi Tong attack at the same time. Therefore, Shi Yu could only choose this strategy.

Buggy played support, while he dealt damage!

“Master Qu Jie, we’re making a move.”

Shi Yu slowly raised his black and red longsword and swung it at the Ox-Headed Beast King that had already collided with the spatial shackles.

At this moment, the Ox-Headed Beast King, which had profundities added to its body, shattered the spatial shackles in an instant. However, the moment the spatial shackles shattered, the strong spatial vibration effect directly made it dizzy for an instant.

Buggy was too strong now. Even a support skill had a huge impact on the enemy.

However, what made Master Qu Jie and the Ox-Headed Beast King’s eyes explode was not the Worm’s spatial shackles, but Shi Yu’s sword.

Swoosh!

An incomparably dazzling red light that looked like it was rolling in the thunder clouds quickly shot out.

Boom!

The sword light intertwined with lightning and flames that were about five to six meters tall was like the flickering light of an explosive star, instantly covering everyone’s vision.

With an incomparably terrifying aura and a shocking aura, it rushed over.

The sword light shattered the ground and was incomparably violent. This was an explosive skill with a nearly legendary physique. Under the full-strength hardening armor, it bore the explosive power of multiple skills such as the super skill Interlocking Sword and the super skill Inner Power.

The power of the three parties had a special reaction at this moment. A huge air wave shook the sky and earth. In the air wave, even though Buggy had become so much stronger, it was still shocked. As for Baby Ginseng, it was almost blown away and directly exploded from fright. Fortunately, it stabilized its body with the Earth Chain in time.

As for Principal Feng and White Brook, they were completely stunned. This was because this attack seemed to be enough to break through a stronger monarch!

Not to mention a transcendent race with 200,000 energy points at the monarch level, even a commander race with 500,000 energy points at the monarch level would probably be extremely serious when facing this attack, not daring to take it head-on with their bodies.

The entire examination hall was trembling. On the other side, the Ox-Headed Beast King sensed the suffocating sword aura and its expression changed drastically.

This was an attack that a commander-level opponent could use?

“F*ck.” At that moment, Master Qu Jie was also shocked.

They were shocked by Shi Yu’s transformation and his attack.

It should have been a familiar style, but why was the style of the Iron-eating Beast Knight so different from the vocation assessment!!

This time, it wasn’t the sword light special effect…

And it was… a real sword light! A five or six-meter-long one!!

What exactly had Shi Yu experienced?

The light of the blue lightning and the red flames swallowed the Ox-Headed Beast King almost instantly. Only the Ox-Headed Beast King’s final mental roar was left in Master Qu Jie’s heart.

Stupid Beast Tamer!

It won’t believe him again!

In the future, if the intermediate assessment didn’t allow it a cap of 500,000 energy, and the advanced assessment didn’t allow it more than 1,000,000 energy, it wouldn’t even come out!

Boom!!!

Soon, the Ox-Headed Beast King fell silent. A second ago, it was still fighting against the terrifying interlocking sword that divided the examination hall into two. The next second, the energy leaking from its entire body was instantly obliterated. The battle soul was almost instantly destroyed. It stretched out its limbs weakly and cried out in pain amidst the terrifying wave.

At this moment, Master Qu Jie even forgot to return the power of the Ox-Headed Beast King. It was one thing to bear grudges, but it was another to shock Shi Yu’s explosive power.

“You just became a vocation four months ago. Four months later, you already have the battle power to threaten monarchs.”

Moreover, this was still the strength that the Butterfly of Imagination and the Nine Li Battle Beast had yet to fully erupt!

In the entire battle, apart from creating enough time for Shi Yu and the others to accumulate strength and temporarily control the Ox-Headed Beast King, what else did the Butterfly do? Nothing! As for the Nine Li Battle Beast, it didn’t even release its full strength. It was still in a shrunken state!

Master Qu Jie was extremely shocked.

Four months, professional to master!

This growth speed was simply unimaginable in this era that was not in chaos.

“This, this, this, this…” In the audience, Senior White Brook was also completely stunned. Although she had repeatedly overestimated Shi Yu’s strength, Shi Yu’s performance now made her really not know what to say.

“Isn’t that sword spirit only at the transcendent level??”

Principal Feng looked at her. Although he was also shocked, at least he knew the true potential of that sword spirit. Although it was at the transcendent level, it was the heroic spirit of a high-level overlord race… But even so, wasn’t its strength too terrifying? The huge power was far more shocking than what Lu Qingyi and he had described.

After one slash, the examination hall became ruins!

The only ginseng baby that didn’t participate the entire time condensed a nutrient fruit with tears and ran to give it to Shi Yu. It wanted to become stronger, stronger, stronger!!

He didn’t want to be a medical ginseng anymore!

At this moment, Shi Yu had already recovered his black hair and eyes. He took the nutritional fruit and ate it in one bite.

The reason why Eleven wanted to transmit lightning in the form of a shrunken Nine Li Battle Beast was very simple. If Eleven enlarged to dozens of meters and erupted with lightning, forming an intertwining sword with his strength, he wouldn’t be able to withstand it either.

It would also be the same as in the Heroic Spirit Ruins. It wouldn’t be worth it to be unconscious for a day. Therefore, when Eleven transmitted the lightning, it was best to stop while it was ahead. It was standard for it to reach Shi Yu’s physical limit. Any more and Shi Yu would have to lie down.

“Sorry, its power is a little stronger than I imagined.”

“Master Qu Jie… can you continue…”

Shi Yu looked at the Ox-Headed Beast King, which was still standing strong on the ground in front of him, but was covered in smoke, injuries, and a confused gaze. It spat out black gas and spoke timidly.

Master Qu Jie:???

He was just about to scold Shi Yu and the others for being too abnormal, but when he considered that Principal Feng was also beside him, he couldn’t help but almost cry.

“Why don’t I prepare a master-level license for you too? After you break through in the Beast Taming Space, come and get your master’s license directly. Forget the assessment.”

Stop looking for him!

Principal Feng, White Brook, and Shi Yu were speechless.

This… was against the rules.

…

Next, Shi Yu successfully obtained a high-level license.

Under Master Qu Jie’s curse in his heart, they left the assessment office.

However, although he was cursing in his heart, Master Qu Jie fell into deep thought as he watched Shi Yu and the others leave.

“What a ridiculous little monster.”

“The ridiculous Nine Li Battle Beast, the ridiculous Butterfly of Imagination, and the most ridiculous is… that sword spirit.” Master Qu Jie’s gaze was distant.

Was that the normal power that could erupt from the possession of a transcendent-level sword spirit?

Impossible!

The race level of that sword spirit… Master Qu Jie suspected that it wasn’t even lower than the Butterfly of Imagination!

… If nothing unexpected happened, another legend would appear in the ancient capital in the future.

Yin Legend’s son went to Imperial Capital University in order to surpass Shi Yu. He didn’t know if it was right or wrong…

“I definitely won’t give him the assessment next time. I’m tired,” Master Qu Jie cursed.

After giving Shi Yu two assessments, the small boat that he and the Ox-Headed Beast King had a friendship could be overturned just like that.

“Roar!!!” The Ox-Headed Beast King’s cursing roar also came from Master Qu Jie’s Beast Taming Space.

At the same time.

On the way back to Ancient Capital University, there was silence.

Shi Yu saw that Principal Feng and the beast-eared girl were staring at him and said uncomfortably, “What’s wrong…”

“Nothing, haha.” Principal Feng laughed.

Interesting. The newbie Lu Qingyi discovered was indeed interesting. Now, he was more and more curious about how far Shi Yu could go in the future.

Could it be possible to become the next titled legend of the Dong Huang Ancient Country?

The first titled legendary in Bureau 11?!

Although the battle power of the members of Bureau 11 was generally very high, and there were also Legendary-level Beast Tamers in the Bureau, the telepathy talent was, after all, a telepathy talent. It was really not easy to let a group of overlord-level pets fight against a totem level without the strengthening talent. No matter how high the proficiency of these pets’ skills, how high their race level, or how strong their bloodline was… So what?

There were also a few totems and guardians that weren’t overlord races. There were also a few totems and guardians that didn’t have super strong bloodlines. Their skill proficiency, needless to say, could look down on most overlords just by transcendent-level skills.

“I’m looking forward to the exchange with Imperial Capital University more and more.”

White Brook placed her arm on Shi Yu and said with a smile, “Your strength is too surprising to me. It’s a pity if you don’t do anything during this event. Let me tell you, the mentor of the Beast Tamer from the Imperial Capital University who defeated Senior Lu back then is still in charge of the clubs and school teams in the Imperial Capital University. With your current strength, you’re completely invincible below the master level. No matter what, you have to show off to them.”

Shi Yu: “I’ll fight for it…”

“In half a month, don’t forget!” White Brook suddenly thought of something. Although the Butterfly of Imagination was strong, she didn’t seem to have seen its two super skills. Master Qu Jie was too weak…

Shi Yu chuckled. He couldn’t forget. At this moment, Shi Yu’s phone suddenly rang.

Shi Yu was immediately stunned when he saw it.

After he glanced at Principal Feng, he said, “It’s Senior Li. I’ll take the call.”

“That old woman, Li Lianping?” Principal Feng nodded.

“Hurry up and answer it. She must have something good to tell you. She’s the richest woman in Bureau 11.”

Shi Yu :”…”

Shi Yu hurriedly picked up the call. This was the first time he had spoken to Senior Li since the last time.

Previously, he wanted to tell the other party about the evolution of the worm, but he couldn’t get through to the other party. He only sent a message.

“Shi Yu.” Senior Li’s laughter came from the other side of the phone.

“Senior Li, I couldn’t get through to you on the phone previously. Did you see that message?”

“I saw it. As expected, it awakened the dream stealing skill.”

“Yeah.” Shi Yu nodded. Buggy’s few skills matched it.

Senior Li said, “It’s not a big deal to call you back this time. It’s mainly because of this dream theft and your previous experience.”

“Since you’ve had the opportunity to enter the Tyrant Dragon fossil dream previously, are you interested in studying it in detail? I feel that with the Illusory Phantom and the Imagination Domain, together with the Thieving Dream and researching the Transformation Stone, there might be some magical results…”

Shi Yu was stunned. “You mean…”

“I have an Tyrant Dragon’s Teeth here. Its energy level is very high, and it also contains a fossil dream. If you’re interested, I’ll give it to you to study or the fossils of other ancient creatures. If you’re interested in studying it, you can tell me what I have here.”

Shi Yu opened his mouth slightly and looked at Principal Feng.

They weren’t lying.

Although Senior Li was old, she was really rich.

The moment he heard the Tyrant Dragon’s teeth, Shi Yu imagined a scene.

In the Imagination Butterfly’s Imagination Domain, there were sea dragons in the ocean that caused tsunamis. In the sky, there were ice dragons that froze the sky.. On the ground, there were Tyrant Dragons roaring. On the sea, on the land, Buggy… No, he had gathered a Dragon Army just like that?