Chapter 202 - Second Level Of Beauty

At the entrance of Ancient Capital University.

Just as he returned, Shi Yu had an ominous feeling.

He stuffed his hands in his pockets and pondered for a moment before saying,

“Buggy, Teleport.”

“Send me back to the dormitory first.”

“Huh?”

Buggy appeared from its concealed state and appeared beside Shi Yu.

After his Instant Transmission proficiency was maxed, Shi Yu became lazier and lazier!

Shi Yu had no choice because it was indeed useful.

“Please.” Shi Yu smiled.

With Buggy’s current strength, it was completely no problem for him to teleport anywhere in the campus of Ancient Capital University.

How much time did this save?

Buggy was equivalent to pretty much half a time element bug.

Well… In the future, when Eleven went to the training facility and Baby Ginseng went to class, it would probably be inevitable for Buggy to fetch them.

Buggy naturally thought of what Shi Yu thought.

It couldn’t help but show a desperate expression. Its mentality had collapsed, but it still had to do the work.

Just as they were about to use their mental power to envelop Shi Yu and teleport him back to the dormitory, a cat quickly showed up.

“Meow!”

Before Shi Yu and the others could react, white light suddenly flashed in front of them. A huge white cat appeared out of thin air and landed gently. Then, it looked at Shi Yu and the others eagerly.

This gem cat’s Instant Transmission proficiency… was probably not low.

Shi Yu and Buggy’s mouths twitched when they saw the gem cat suddenly appear to welcome them.

“That Dragon Ball is actually the dragon ball of a divine dragon?” The gem cat was still eagerly waiting.

It was as if it had accidentally lost something precious.

Shi Yu: “That’s what the Butterfly God said. It should be right… But I still don’t know what race it is.”

“Wu ~” The Worm of Imagination thanked the rich lady meow and the big boss for the evolution materials.

The reason why Buggy could have this day was because of Big Boss Gem Cat.

It would remember this favor. In the future, it would definitely make Baby Ginseng repay ten times over.

“Ah, the Dragon Ball” The gem cat was lost.

“This…” Shi Yu said,” Well, are the gem fruits still enough? Why don’t I get Baby Ginseng to send 500 more someday? ”

On Shi Yu’s side, he still chose to betray the ginseng baby.

500?

The gem cat’s eyes widened.

A dragon ball actually made Shi Yu feel so guilty?

“Meow!”

The gem cat put away its aggrieved expression. It was waiting for this.

It patted the ground, indicating that it was fine.

It didn’t matter if it was a dragon ball or not. There were really not enough gem fruits.

However, creating this thing was very tiring. Shi Yu and Baby Ginseng could only rely on themselves.

“Alright, then you have to spend more effort. This isn’t a small project… The quality can’t be reduced!”

The gem cat started to worry, afraid that Baby Ginseng wouldn’t be able to take it.

It looked at Shi Yu and asked, “Is there still energy in that wood-element energy crystal?”

Shi Yu took a wood-element energy crystal he got from the gem cat. It was almost equivalent to a baby ginseng’s charger.

It was very difficult for it to create a high-quality nutrition fruit. After all, it was a top-notch spiritual fruit that could increase evolution potential and vitality. It was even more tiring than fighting. Without a Charging Treasure, it was impossible to maintain perfectly with recovery skills.

“It’s almost gone.” Shi Yu shook his head.

“It won’t cut corners. However, it’s indeed a little difficult for it to create nutritional fruits now. It’ll probably take a long time to hand in 500. However, if Baby Ginseng can also evolve like the worm, it might be much easier. We already have an idea now, we’re just short of evolution materials.”

Shi Yu was practically wagging his tail.

High level mind games.

Gem Cat:???

Did this kid think it was stupid?

After circling around for so long, he was here to obtain new evolution materials?

“Meow.”

The gem cat fell into deep thought. However, it wasn’t impossible.

The level of the ginseng baby was too low. Even if the quality of the gem fruits it created was very high, the amount was not enough, and it was not satisfying.

For it, it was equivalent to saying that a food was very delicious, but it could only eat one mouthful and was not full at all.

“Then go take a look when you have time.” It rubbed its dizzy head.

Nurturing a chef was also for the sake of a better future.

“Alright.” Shi Yu smiled and looked away. It wasn’t that he was selling out ginseng baby, but it was already a mature pet. It was time for it to work and earn evolution materials.

…

He could go to the Gem Cat’s warehouse and the Ancient Capital University’s Resource Chamber to choose resources later!

Shi Yu was very excited. Buggy was happy for Baby Ginseng, and Baby Ginseng was in pain and also happy.

Previously, Shi Yu had only paid attention to the insect evolution materials and not much else.

He had to take a closer look this time.

Before that, Shi Yu continued what he had just done and made Buggy teleport itself into the dormitory.

After returning, he immediately lay on the sofa.

However, before Shi Yu could sit up, there was a knock on the dormitory door.

Shi Yu :”…”

“Buggy, open the door.”

Opening the door with mental strength was easier than letting Eleven and Baby Ginseng open the door.

Including doing housework, it was also very convenient. Buggy controlled multiple cleaning tools at the same time with Psychic power. It was very efficient.

Now, Buggy was already the strongest in the team, fully deserving of the number one spot in life.

Buggy cried: (╥╯^╰╥)

After returning this time, Buggy kept feeling that Shi Yu didn’t love it that much anymore.

It wasn’t like when it was in its cocoon state, carefully protecting it.

Instead, it instructed it more than Eleven and Baby Ginseng.

Logically speaking, shouldn’t Shi Yu feed it now that it had become stronger?

As expected, there was no such thing as love for no reason. It was time to slowly repay the pleasure he received when he was in the cocoon.

“Wu…” Looking at Baby Ginseng, who was eating a basin of milk ice cream, drinking an ice soda, and Little Chi Tong, who was holding an ice cube, Buggy, who was just about to drink fruit juice, could only put down the fruit juice and use its psychic power to open the door.

There were two people outside.

One was the president of the battle club, Beast-eared Lady White Brook.

One was the old principal of Ancient Capital University who had been living in the background.

“Grandpa Feng, why are you here too?” White Brook ran over to find Shi Yu. When she encountered the old principal, she was very surprised.

“Can’t I come?” The old principal chuckled and touched his white beard.

“You can, you can.” White Brook gently hammered her head and smiled.

“Are you looking for Shi Yu for something? Why don’t I leave first and come find him later?”

“It’s alright, I’ll leave after chatting a little. It’s nothing serious. Let’s go in together.”

As the two of them spoke, the door opened directly.

But when the two of them looked, no one was at the door at all. The door seemed to have opened automatically.

“Please come in!!” However, a high shout quickly came from inside.

At this moment, Shi Yu had already gotten down from the sofa. He put on his shoes and walked over to welcome them.

When Shi Yu saw the two people at the door, he was stunned.

White Brook… The other was the old principal of Ancient Capital University?

Shi Yu was not surprised that Senior White Brook had come. This was common, but why did this legendary old principal of Ancient Capital University suddenly come?

“Senior Brook, Principal Feng.”

“Buggy, wash fruits and make tea.”

Shi Yu quickly welcomed the two of them.

A moment later, the three of them sat down. Shi Yu asked, “Principal Feng, Senior Brook… May I help you?”

White Brook waved her hand and smiled. “I’m fine.”

Shi Yu looked at Principal Feng.

Principal Feng laughed and said, “It’s not a big deal either. I just keep hearing Qingyi mention you. In addition to the incident at the Butterfly Meeting, I finally couldn’t help but come over to meet you.”

As the old principal finished speaking, Buggy had already controlled the tea and juice to fly over. Eleven also carried a few bottles of milk, while Baby Ginseng raised two bottles of soda and sent them over.

It prepared a bit of everything since it didn’t know what they liked.

“Is this the Butterfly of Imagination? It’s much prettier than in the photos,” White Brook said with envy.

Girls still liked pretty things.

Unfortunately, the butterfly’s body was too weak. White Brook preferred fist to fist, and she didn’t like to be a mage or assassin through the Fusion Talent.

“It’s indeed a very beautiful race.” Principal Feng nodded.

“But because of this, Shi Yu, you have to be careful outside.”

The old principal looked at Shi Yu. The Sword Spirit of a high-level overlord race and the Medium-level overlord race, the Butterfly of Imagination. Moreover, Beast Tamers and pets were still very weak. In such a situation, even their own people would probably have some crooked thoughts.

Just the identity of Bureau 11 was not enough to deter some crazy people who could even throw their lives away.

“I understand. I’ll take note.” Shi Yu nodded.

“Even I’m envious. The overlord race… others will definitely be even more envious.” White Brook looked on helplessly. The pets of her highest race were only quasi overlord races.

It was her six-tailed Light Fox. It had already evolved into a nine-tailed Light Fox and replaced the previous White Tiger pet, becoming her current highest priority fusion target.

The Nine-tailed Race, such a powerful pet, was still a little inferior to the overlord race. Shi Yu was simply too lucky to have contracted an overlord race.

“Haha, thankfully, the country is still very stable now. If it weren’t for more than ten years ago, when such big news was made, it would probably be very difficult to have peace.” The old principal of Ancient Capital University laughed.

“More than ten years ago?”

Shi Yu had actually always felt that Dong Huang’s culture was pretty good. This was too rare for a high-level martial arts fantasy world.

“Well, more than ten years ago, Dong Huang wasn’t so stable. There were many protective umbrellas of various foreign tribes, underground organizations, and evil forces. At that time, if any Beast Tamer without a background was very lucky to contract a special mutated pet, the greatest possibility for him to wait was that the contract was forced to be broken and the pet was taken away. Then, the Beast Tamer himself mysteriously disappeared…”

“The current stability is the result of a long period of blacklisting and eradicating evil.” Principal Feng didn’t have any taboo and told Shi Yu about the situation before Dong Huang.

“I know this,” White Brook said. “I even heard from my grandfather that there was a legendary Beast Tamer in the totem area. It was because his pet was stolen when he was young and he was framed instead. Then, his family was destroyed. In the end, only he was lucky enough to escape to the totem area. In the end, he became Dong Huang’s enemy… Although justice came later and that financial group was uprooted, he still didn’t choose to return.”

“Sigh, there was indeed such a thing.” Principal Feng sighed. Because of this kind of thing, Dong Huang lost a genius with legendary potential for nothing. This kind of financial group was really detestable. They couldn’t forcefully buy it, so they framed it and destroyed others’ futures and their whole family. At that time, the law wasn’t perfect either. In the end, it created a huge enemy for Dong Huang.

“I’ll be careful.” The corners of Shi Yu’s mouth twitched. They were really scaring him. He just wanted to happily train a pet and happily crack a ruin. He mustn’t encounter such a bad thing.

“Therefore, before becoming a master-level Beast Tamer, it’s better not to run around. Even if it’s a ruin that might be dangerous, don’t go for the time being. Stay in the school first.” Principal Feng smiled.

Shi Yu’s current potential was too great. He had to protect it well.

“No, Senior Bai even called me to participate in the exchange activity in the capital, to participate in the martial arts conference, to participate in the national competition, to…”

White Brook: “?”

Principal Feng looked at White Brook.

“Cough, it’s not a big problem in such a formal public competition,” Principal Feng said. “It’s mainly to not go to dangerous places. Without enough bodyguards and strength, don’t think about some unsolved ruins.”

“Don’t repeat my mistake at such a young age.”

Shi Yu was slightly stunned. The past?

Beside him, Senior White Brook’s expression changed slightly. She clearly knew something.

Principal Feng chuckled and said, “You still don’t know, right? I’m also a member of that place.”

Shi Yu did not react for a moment.

“Bureau 11?” Shi Yu said in surprise a moment later.

“Yes.” The old principal chuckled.

Shi Yu was very shocked. “Why didn’t Senior Lu tell me…”

Speaking of which, he was still confused about the members of Bureau 11. He had to ask Senior Lu about it someday.

“Haha, I didn’t ask her to say it.”

“I haven’t used that identity for a long time. I left the archeology field very early, so at the moment, it’s just Bureau 11.”

“Back then, I was also an archeologist and a legendary Beast Tamer. I contracted an overlord-level pet. However, during an exploration of the ruins, I encountered danger. The overlord battle pet died, and my vitality was greatly injured. Since then, after losing a close friend who grew up with me, I withdrew from the archeological field. Sometimes, exploring the unknown is important, but other things are also important.”

With the death of the overlord-level battle pet, and him not in the mood to cultivate, the old principal of Ancient Capital University became a false legend who had a level-seven Beast Taming Space but no overlord-level battle power. In the country, there were many figures like the old principal of Ancient Capital University, but this was the first time Shi Yu knew about Principal Feng’s past.

“This… I understand.” Shi Yu understood. Principal Feng hoped that he wouldn’t be like him before he was strong enough. If anything really happened, it would be too late to regret it.

Shi Yu imagined that if Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, and the other pets had an accident because of him because he wanted to explore the ruins, he would probably be like Principal Feng and not want to come into contact with these things anymore.

White Brook poked Shi Yu and said, “I’ll tell you secretly. Grandpa Feng is still Senior Lu’s grandfather.”

Shi Yu:!!!!

Shi Yu opened his mouth slightly and looked at the smiling Principal Feng. He was shocked. He didn’t expect there to be such a relationship.

He became much more reserved.

“You little girl, this is no longer a secret, but a conspiracy,” Principal Feng said.

“Hehe.” White Brook smiled.

“Are you also a special telepathy talent?” Shi Yu asked Principal Feng. He vaguely remembered that Senior Lu had said that Eleven, including him, had this talent.

“Yes.” Principal Feng nodded and said, “But after that accident, this talent was never activated again, but it doesn’t matter. Bureau 11 is full of bad things. I’m currently working in the first and eighth bureaus. My retirement days are much more comfortable than back then.”

Shi Yu: “?”

First round? Eighth round?

“One person can join three departments?” Shi Yu was slightly stunned. What the hell?

Didn’t the members of Division 13 represent special talents in thirteen different domains?

Principal Feng chuckled and said, “There’s nothing wrong with that. In the eighth one, I’m in charge of domestic education. I’m in charge of digging, guiding, and teaching geniuses with potential. I’m in charge of archeological education now, so why not? At least, under my lead, Ancient Capital University became the number one archaeological Department in the country. I also raised Qingyi. You were discovered by Qingyi, and I dug you up.”

“Who said a person can’t get several salaries at the same time?”

“…” Shi Yu was actually speechless for a moment.

So casual?

He suddenly understood why Senior Lu had never explored any dangerous ruins before graduation from university. With such a stable grandfather, before she had master-level strength, even Principal Feng was worried about her exploring dangerous ruins.

“Then when I develop any special feed results, can I join another Bureau?”

Shi Yu muttered. The evolution method of the iron-eating beast overlord race, the evolution method of the green cocoon, and a bunch of skill teaching manuals. It shouldn’t be wrong to say that he was a special talent in the feeding field, right?

The Thirteen Bureau of Dong Huang should be spread across many fields such as feed, medical care, education, business, intelligence, strategy. The Feeding Department definitely had them.

“Research feeding?!! Archeology is the foundation of Ancient Capital University!” The old principal of Ancient Capital University widened his eyes. It was fine if it was just supplementary battle research, but Shi Yu wanted to research about feeding?

How could a person have so much energy?

What was Shi Yu thinking? He had the amazing talent to listen to history, and he didn’t specialize in archeology and instead went to study feeding?

It was impossible to develop any results.

The Feeding Department of Ancient Capital University was the same as the Battle Department. They were both more lousy.

“I understand, I understand.” Shi Yu didn’t lower himself to the old principal’s level. However, he had a cheat, so he’d secretly do it anyway.

“The third bureau of the Feeding Domain is boring. It’s worse than Bureau 11. Don’t think too much,” Principal Feng said.

“Principal Feng, what’s the overall combat power of the Beast Tamers of Bureau 11 in Division 13?” Shi Yu couldn’t help but ask when he finally met someone who understood.

“Third.” Without needing Principal Feng to answer, White Brook beside him rushed to answer. “As everyone knows, the Beast Tamers of the archaeology Department… have very fierce battle power.”

“There are two more who are stronger than the Beast Tamers of Bureau 11?” Shi Yu was stunned.

“Well…” Principal Feng thought carefully. Indeed, as White Brook said, there were only two people whose combined battle power could steadily suppress Bureau 11.

“If Bureau 11 can be ranked third, the second should be the fourth bureau. The first should be the first bureau.”

“The members of the fourth are all made up of the most talented Mechanics. The overlord-level battleships in the country were all created by them, and they’re in charge of many other cutting-edge technologies.”

“The fourth is indeed very strong, and their strongest point is that they can quickly create some legendary Beast Tamers for Dong Huang. There are many Beast Tamers in the country whose Beast Taming Space has reached level seven, but they can’t nurture overlord-level pets. In battle, if everyone is militarized, everyone will be assigned an overlord-level mechanical life…”

Principal Feng had a playful expression. In the past ten years, most of Dong Huang’s funds had been invested in the development of mechanical technology. Now, it was difficult for him to determine how many overlord-level mechanical lives were hidden in Dong Huang. The number announced by the Strategic Bureau to the other races definitely couldn’t be taken seriously, but without a doubt, the fourth could steadily suppress Bureau 11. They were the true defense force.

“The overall battle power in the first bureau is still above the fourth bureau?? Wait, Principal Feng, you just said that you’re still in the first bureau?” Shi Yu suddenly discovered a blind spot!

Shi Yu really couldn’t imagine what department was stronger than the mechanics.

Could it be a department formed by the Titled Legends in the country?

No, then Principal Feng didn’t have the right to enter.

Moreover, if he remembered correctly, the 13 divisions didn’t include the battle department. They were all departments in special domains. Beast Taming battles were mainstream, while Division 13 was considered a branch domain.

“The first round is more secretive. There are fewer people who know about it than those who know about Bureau 11.”

Principal Feng touched his beard and said, “A batch of Beast Tamers with the greatest talent in making friends has gathered in this bureau!”

Shi Yu: “?”

“You have to know that there are many guardian-level creatures close to humans sleeping in the country. Although no one contracted them, they must have chosen to stay in Dong Huang because of some ‘bonds’. There is a group of people who can communicate with them and ask them to attack. In the first bureau, a group of special people gathered. To a certain extent, they can communicate with the guardians and ask them to attack when the country is in danger.”

“They might be legends, ordinary people, or descendants of ancient heroes… It’s all possible.”

“Now, do you know why the overall battle power in the first round is the strongest? Because the guardians of Dong Huang’s land are also included. If Dong Huang and the totem clans fight again, they will also be the absolute main force.”

Shi Yu opened his mouth slightly and felt that it was unreasonable, but he couldn’t refute it. This bureau, this bureau… was f*cking ridiculous.

The Ministry of Foreign Affairs was the strongest?

It wasn’t appropriate to call it diplomacy. Internal contact…?

PY Bureau?

If he could make friends with a guardian and cozy up to the guardian, he could enter the first bureau?

For a moment, Shi Yu wanted to curse, but he couldn’t.

Damn, he couldn’t communicate with the butterfly god at all previously and make friends.

Because the surprise brought by the Butterfly of Imagination and the scale for the Dragon Palace City was too big, even the worm-element nutrient fruit that Baby Ginseng studied didn’t cross their mind. They could’ve given it to the Butterfly God. It was mainly because the Butterfly God chased people away too quickly.

It was not a big problem… Dragon Palace City, they had Dragon Palace City!

However, would Dragon Palace City be in danger? Shi Yu was momentarily conflicted.

“Alright…” After a moment of silence, Shi Yu glanced at Senior White Brook.

How does she know so much? Which bureau were her parents from?

Considering that White Brook could have such a good relationship with Senior Lu and even had a ruin space with her, he estimated that Senior White Brook’s family background was definitely very terrifying.

“Let’s end the conversation here today.” Principal Feng laughed and said, “I’ve finished what I needed to say. I should leave too. The two of you can continue chatting.”

“Aren’t you staying a little longer?” Shi Yu asked.

Principal Feng shook his head and said, “No… Uh, wait, I think I really forgot something.”

He looked at Eleven, Baby Ginseng, and Buggy, who were standing in a row in front of the wall and listening to their conversation, and fell into deep thought.

“I’ve only heard that your transformation is very magical and that you have the strength of the Butterfly of Imagination. I’m a little curious about the strength of the Nine Li Battle Beast. I want to see your current strength. Do you have a chance?”

“I also came here to spar with Junior Shi Yu. Sword Spirit! Butterfly of Imagination!” White Brook’s eyes lit up. She looked at Shi Yu and said, “How about I Possess the Nine-Tailed Fox and fight you?”

Shi Yu: “?”

Her Nine-tailed Fox’s energy level is more than ten times that of Buggy… What fight would that be?

“If you possess a commander-level pet. I’ll fight you,” Shi Yu said.

White Brook: “???”

Principal Feng laughed and suddenly thought of something. “Is your Beast Taming Space already level four?”

Shi Yu was stunned. “How do you know?”

“I sensed it, it’s just experience. But you probably haven’t undergone the high-level Beast Tamer assessment yet, right? High-level Beast Tamers require Beast Tamers to have commander-level battle power. Why don’t I call Master Qu Jie from the association to battle you with the sealing power? I’ll take it as an advancement assessment.”

“Good idea.” White Brook nodded.

“…” Shi Yu’s expression was strange.. It was very strange, especially strange. It was Master Qu Jie again?