Chapter 207 - I’M Not Interested In Research

In the insect research institute in Shanghai.

A beautiful woman in a research suit looked at the photo on the cell phone in a daze, wondering if her eyes were broken.

Wait…

Didn’t they just transport the Green Silkworm today?!

That was it?

How could it be so fast!

“Are you sure you’re not kidding???” Legend Hua asked.

A moment later, Shi Yu sent some more information about the green cocoon.

“The racial level should still be low-level transcendent. What I can roughly confirm now is that the birth of the green worm cocoon is related to the two skills Absolute Sleep and super vision.”

Shi Yu looked at the evolution plan list concluded by Baby Ginseng and fell into deep thought.

The evolution materials used by this green cocoon included universal teaching materials for absolute sleep and super vision.

There were no teaching materials for Psychic power.

So, why did it awaken its psychic power?

This skill point was so crooked that it instantly confused Shi Yu.

As long as he awakened more super vision or absolute sleep, Shi Yu wouldn’t be so puzzled.

“Why don’t I try again? What if it’s just a coincidence?” Shi Yu replied.

“Try it slowly. I’m heading to the ancient capital now,” Dr. Zuo Jiangyun typed.

“I’ll go too,” said Legend Hua.

The two of them originally thought that even if Shi Yu could achieve results, it would be a long time later.

However, Shi Yu had just received the goods and confirmed that the green cocoon could be replicated. Was this reasonable?

Moreover, they looked at the background of the photo. This was… the living room?

How could Shi Yu be so casual!

But no matter what the process was, this result was enough for them to let go of everything and take it seriously.

Although they couldn’t tell what was so impressive about this green cocoon that could only be worth 250, what if other evolution materials were added to this foundation?

For example, among the evolution materials of the Ice Phoenix Moth, could it allow the Ice Phoenix Moth to also master psychic power?

Psychic power was an all-purpose skill that could be matched with almost any element. Although it was a low-level skill, if it was learned, it could effectively increase the tactical diversity of the pet.

Although it was more likely that the evolution had failed due to the conflict of materials, what if there was an evolution form that could perfectly adapt to the green cocoon race?

At that time, would a new evolution form be born?

Shi Yu could be considered to have made a start. He had laid down a foundation for the birth of various new evolution forms for the Green Silkworm, just like how Shi Yu had developed the Butterfly of Imagination himself.

“Ah, Aunt Hua, Dr. Zuo, are you both coming?” Shi Yu was stunned. Forget it, so be it.

He would throw the research to others. This way, he wouldn’t have to squeeze out the ginseng baby and the worm. He could also go and do other things.

…

Ever since Xia Qingwei lost to Shi Yu, she had been in isolation for two days. Then, she had been quietly studying at the bug research institute.

In fact, the Ice Phoenix Moth had another evolution. It was developed six years later by Dr. Zuo after researching the evolution plan of the Green Silkworm to the Ice Phoenix Moth. It could reach high-level monarch races, but the conditions were very harsh.

There were requirements for every growth stage of the Ice Phoenix Moth. The cultivator needed to be sufficiently patient.

“Don’t always stay in the research institute.” Dr. Zuo walked into the laboratory and looked at his focused daughter.

“I want the Ice Phoenix Moth to evolve one more time,” she said.

Dr. Zuo felt a headache. If she had known that her daughter would go and challenge that Butterfly of Imagination and become a shut in all of a sudden, she wouldn’t have encouraged her to go.

He originally thought that he could obtain some combat information, but in the end, just a glance from the other party made Xia Qingwei and the Ice Phoenix Moth lose their battle will.

Was the strength of that butterfly really that terrifying?

This made Dr. Zuo even more eager to study the Green Worm cocoon.

“Even if you repeat my research, it’s very difficult for the Ice Phoenix Moth to defeat its opponent by race,” Dr. Zuo said.

Xia Qingwei was stunned. She sighed and lay on the table. Was there no other way to defeat the Butterfly of Imagination?

“The reason why that Butterfly of Imagination is powerful might be because the Green Silkworm Cocoon is a transition race. If you want to defeat it, you have to understand it first. Come with me to the ancient capital.”

“To the ancient capital?” Xia Qingwei was confused.

“That Shi Yu has already confirmed the replication ability of the Green Silkworm cocoon race. He has just cultivated a second Green Silkworm cocoon.”

“What!” Xia Qingwei suddenly got up and said, “Really?”

“Why would I lie to you? If it really proves that it can be replicated, in the next ten years, the research direction of the country’s worm-element field might all revolve around the ‘Green Worm cocoon’. Even if you want to study it, you have to follow the trend of the new era, right?” Dr. Zuo said.

At least, in her research system, no Green Silkworm could evolve into an overlord race.

However, in the green cocoon system, there was already an Imagination Butterfly.

It was better to explore new areas than to let his daughter repeat her research.

…

At Ancient Capital University, Principal Feng received a call from Legend Hua.

Because of Shi Yu and the Butterfly of Imagination, the two of them had been in contact many times recently.

“Legend Hua, what’s the matter?”

“Senior Feng, sorry to disturb you. Do you know that Shi Yu is studying the Green Silkworm cocoon?”

Principal Feng: “???”

“It’s fine if you didn’t mention it, but… If you mention it now, I’m going to nag at you, Hua Xiajin. Were you the one who bewitched Shi Yu to study some green worm cocoon and get involved in the feeding field?”

When Principal Feng thought of how Shi Yu was very interested in Feeding and even wanted to enter the third bureau of Feeding Specialization, he felt a headache.

“What are you thinking by letting a genius from Bureau 11 study the Green Silkworm cocoon? Do you think it’s so easy to replicate an overlord species pet?” Principal Feng said. “How much effort would this take? He doesn’t have the time.”

“Even if he does have results for the Green Silkworm cocoon, I wonder how much effort it will take.”

On the other side, Legend Hua was silent.

Principal Feng was also silent. In his opinion, the birth of the Green Silkworm cocoon and the birth of the Imaginary Butterfly were all accidents. They were fortuitous encounters during Shi Yu’s archeology, and they could not be replicated very well. In Bureau 11, almost every member had some relatively special pets that could not be replicated very well.

For example, where could he find a second Wind Demon Lion with the bloodline of the Evil Suppressing Lion?

If Lu Qingyi went to study how to mass produce the Wind Demon Lion with the bloodline of the Evil Suppressing Lion, wouldn’t it be useless?

“But the problem is that he didn’t spend much effort and completed the research in less than a few minutes.”

Principal Feng: “Even so, it’s… Huh?”

“Huh? What did you say?”

Principal Feng was stunned and stood rooted to the ground.

“Just now, Shi Yu cultivated a second green worm cocoon.”

“Senior Feng, the Green Silkworm has always been a very important part of ensuring the development of the middle and lower levels of the Beast Taming Domain. This discovery now is very important.”

“Now, Dr. Zuo and I both plan to go over. Look, can you cooperate with Ancient Capital University and help build a Green Silkworm cocoon research institute like the Iron-eating Beast Research Institute?” Legend Hua smiled and said, “We can work in Ancient Capital University.”

“This is an opportunity for Ancient Capital University’s Feeding and Research Department to be comparable to the archeology Department. It’s also because Student Shi Yu’s identity is special. Otherwise, he would have probably been poached to Demon Capital University by Dr. Zuo long ago.”

Principal Feng: “…I’m a little confused.”

The old man scratched his head as he pushed open the door and walked towards Shi Yu’s dormitory.

Holy shit, Shi Yu had really researched something?

As he walked, Principal Feng widened his eyes.

A moment later, he arrived in front of Shi Yu’s dormitory.

Shi Yu opened the door and looked at Grandpa Feng, confused.

“Principal Feng, why are you here?”

Principal Feng didn’t look at Shi Yu, but behind him.

At this moment, the eleven green cocoons were following behind Shi Yu eagerly. They widened their eyes and looked at him.

Principal Feng:???

“What… what’s this?”

“Green Worm cocoon…” Shi Yu said,” I just confirmed it. It’s really replicable. Unbelievable. If the evolution materials are used correctly, almost 100% can evolve to the cocoon race. ”

“I wonder if it can successfully break out of the cocoon… But it shouldn’t be a big problem, because the cocoon state is also eligible for training skills.” Shi Yu sighed.

“Principal Feng, do you think I can enter the third bureau with this research result?” Shi Yu asked.

When he first joined Bureau 11, his initial funds were 10,000,000. After becoming an official member, he even obtained many benefits such as the ruin ring, index, and meditation technique. Even the billion yuan that Eleven had evolved into was equivalent to what Bureau 11 provided. He thought for a moment. It was impossible for the third bureau of the specialization in the Feeding Domain to have fewer benefits than Bureau 11.

It didn’t matter to him if he got another position. It was the same whether he was in one or two bureaus. It was always beneficial to get to know more seniors.

Principal Feng:???

He still wanted to work in multiple departments part-time?

Principal Feng regretted telling Shi Yu that he worked in three departments part-time.

“This, this might not be enough.”

The corners of Principal Feng’s mouth twitched. “If you want to enter that kind of place, even if you have researched a stable high-level monarch race cultivation method, you’re still not qualified. There are even fewer members in the third bureau than in Bureau 11. All of them are monsters. I’ll just tell you about one person casually.”

“She’s the top skill teacher of Dong Huang. She has the teaching manuals of three super skills with extremely high universal attributes. Moreover, her talent can assist in teaching. She once spent three years assisting a titled legend and cultivated an invincible overlord who had mastered six super skills.”

“In other words, to reach a certain condition, they are a group of people who have the hope of nurturing pets with overlord potential.”

“The third bureau isn’t as simple as you think.”

“Of course, the cost of using their abnormal talent is also very high. In contrast, although our listening talent isn’t easy to activate, fortunately, there won’t be any major side effects.”

“It depends on whether you can enter Bureau 13 of Dong Huang using your Beast Taming Talent. It’s very difficult to rely on results alone unless the results are very huge. You better not think about it.”

“Can’t I…” Shi Yu laughed. Forget it, let’s talk about it in the future.

“So you’re here for…” Shi Yu looked at the anxious Principal Feng.

Principal Feng :”…”

“You’re interested in researching feeding?” he asked.

Principal Feng thought with a stomachache.

Firstly, it was indeed as Legend Hua had said. This was a pretty big discovery.

If any subsequent research results were produced, Ancient Capital University would not only be able to use the archeology Department…

But from then on, the Feeding Department would also be the top in the country.

Moreover, the research of the Green Silkworm cocoon was indeed a study that could promote development in the Beast Taming Domain of the entire country. It wasn’t an unprofessional thing.

Even if he studied archeology for a long time, this result might not necessarily be valuable.

Principal Feng raised his head slightly. He didn’t expect Shi Yu to have such talent.

He thought for a long time and decided to support it.

In any case, Shi Yu was still young. It was not a big deal for the school to build a research institute and let Shi Yu work part-time in the Feeding Department for two years.

Firstly, it could increase the feeding research foundation of Ancient Capital University. Secondly, it could also allow Shi Yu to develop in school in peace. As long as Shi Yu didn’t go to any dangerous place to wander, he could do anything. Moreover, this was also a serious matter.

The more Principal Feng thought about it, the more he felt that it was feasible.

“I’ve decided to establish a Green Silkworm Cocoon Research Institute and let you lead the research. Are you surprised?” After thinking it through, Principal Feng smiled.

It was as if he had already seen Shi Yu’s excited expression.

And he himself also imagined the future of the double ace specialization in Ancient Capital University.

“Huh?” Shi Yu shook his head in confusion and said, “I’m… not very interested in the research of the Green Silkworm cocoon.”

Principal Feng:???

“Then what’s going on!” He pointed at the green cocoons.

Shi Yu said, “Accident… coincidence? Don’t worry, after confirming the feasibility of the green worm cocoon, my mission will be over. Dr. Zuo and Legend Huaary seem to be coming over. When the time comes, I’ll hand the information to you. You guys can study it. I only want to get fossils now, preferably Mythical Creature fossils.”

Even if he studied the Green Silkworm cocoon thoroughly, it was only so for Shi Yu.

But if it was researching fossils, it was different.

This involved the power of imagination, the recovery of ancient creatures, and the recovery of divine beasts. This was the most attractive thing to a Mythical Scholar like Shi Yu.

Principal Feng:???

“Fossil… Fossils…” Principal Feng was speechless. What was there to study about that thing? Old Li had studied it all her life, but wasn’t it just that? Wasn’t it better to study the green cocoon?

He had completely forgotten that he had previously felt that it was not bad to let Shi Yu study fossils in peace.

“Forget it, let’s talk in detail when Dr. Zuo and Legend Hua arrive.” Principal Feng’s teeth hurt. He couldn’t force Shi Yu’s thoughts, but for some reason, he suddenly felt very tired.

…

That day, Legend Hua and Dr. Zuo arrived at Ancient Capital University.

For people of their level, traveling across cities was still very fast.

Dr. Zuo and Legend Hua were similar in age. One of them was still wearing a research suit, while the other was still wearing the butterfly-patterned cheongsam. However, the difference between the two was that one had a daughter who was already in university, while the other was still single for ten thousand years.

“There’s a sad story hidden in this.” The old principal of Ancient Capital University, who knew the inside story, received Dr. Zuo, Legend Hua, and the others at the same time.

“Uh, this is?” The old principal of Ancient Capital University was surprised to see the girl behind Dr. Zuo.

“Hello, Principal Feng. My name is Xia Qingwei. I came with my mother this time.” Xia Qing could only greet Principal Feng politely, but she observed Shi Yu, who was scratching his head beside him.

“Qingwei is my assistant.” Dr. Zuo smiled.

“Welcome.” Shi Yu chuckled and said, “Why don’t everyone take a look at the green cocoons first?”

“Of the 51 Green Silkworms, 20 have already completed their evolution. Among them, 11 are just Green Silkworm cocoons.”

Dr. Zuo and Legend Hua looked at each other. Could it really be replicated?

Soon, the few of them arrived at Shi Yu’s dormitory courtyard.

At this moment, the cocoons of the nine ordinary cocoons were sleeping in the corner, while the eleven who had evolved into cocoons were staring at each other and smelling the fragrance of the flowers in the courtyard.

It was so magical. Why could they smell fragrance without noses?

“Unbelievable.”

“Unbelievable.”

After entering, Dr. Zuo and Legend Hua looked at the eleven green cocoons and were extremely excited.

It was as if they had seen a newly opened door to the highest domain of the worm family.

It had been a long time since there had been any major research results in the bug domain.

“Student Shi Yu, you’re indeed a genius.” Dr. Zuo praised with all his might. “If Qingwei was half as outstanding as you, I wouldn’t have to spend so much effort.”

Xia Qingwei: “?”

You called me over just to say this?

Legend Hua smiled and said, “Principal Feng, have you considered it? Dr. Zuo and I are voluntarily taking our positions at Ancient Capital University this time.”

“Student Shi Yu, Dr. Zuo and I will assist you in researching the Green Silkworm cocoon in the future. How about that?”

There was only one research institute left.

Of course, with their identities, it was very simple for them to set up a research institute themselves, but it was not easy to abduct Shi Yu. After all, Shi Yu was a genius cultivated by Bureau 11 and was studying at Ancient Capital University. They had to consider the ideas of the principal first.

Principal Feng smiled awkwardly and said, “The problem is that this kid, Shi Yu, said that he suddenly lost interest in the research of the Green Silkworm cocoon.”

“The research institute still has to be built, but Shi Yu doesn’t seem to plan on researching it himself.”

Dr. Zuo, Legend Hua, Xia Qingwei:???

The three of them looked at Shi Yu.

What?

Shi Yu smiled in embarrassment. He didn’t study the Green Silkworm cocoon for himself in the first place. He purely wanted to see if he could produce results in passing. In the beginning, he didn’t plan to study it for a long time. Now that he had started, he felt that it was enough.

To Shi Yu, investing too much energy was not cost-effective.

“I don’t have enough energy and professional knowledge, so I won’t cause trouble,” Shi Yu said self-awarely.

How could he start his own research? It would feel good to wait for the results.

“You mean casually researching the Green Silkworm cocoon is called insufficient professional knowledge?” The corners of Dr. Zuo’s mouth twitched. This young man was crazy.

“You… you’re not researching anymore?” Xia Qingwei was completely stunned.

Even if she was still young, she knew how important this research result was.

Shi Yu had given up on research just like that?

She suddenly couldn’t understand the difference between her and Shi Yu.

Dr. Zuo and Legend Hua didn’t know what to say.

“Understandable.” After a moment of silence, Legend Hua looked at Shi Yu and said, “But it’s a rare research result. Then, do you think you should use this result to participate in the Feeding Conference in a week?”

“In their state, they should be able to evolve in three to seven days. They can use the ruins space or their talent to accelerate. They can catch up.” Dr. Zuo looked at the group of cocoons and then at Shi Yu. “Do you want to participate?”

“Uh, what’s that?” Shi Yu said.

“During the annual Feeding Results Exhibition held by the Feeder Association, the participating members are basically Feeders from all walks of life. Through the selection of the most valuable Feeding Results, the Feeder Association will reward the researchers to a certain extent and also provide some support to the research project.”

“The Green Silkworm cocoon should be a very good research result. If its form after transforming into a butterfly has more potential, it might have a chance to win the championship. It can even use this opportunity to publicize the Green Silkworm cocoon and obtain a large amount of investment,” Dr. Zuo said.

There was such a conference?

Shi Yu was stunned. “Then the prize this time is…”

Dr. Zuo: “The soil of time, a special earth-element and time-element dual-element resource. It contains the power of time and can cause some spiritual plants to mutate. It’s a research material that many feeders who study spiritual plants dream of. This isn’t the main thing. The main thing is that this stage is the best place to show the results of the feeding. It can show the greatest value of a research result.”

“It can be more widely spread than published papers. If it’s widely recognized, it’s very important for us to study the Green Silkworm cocoon next.”

Shi Yu probed, “A time and earth-element dual-element resource that can mutate plants?”

“Huh?” Dr. Zuo nodded.

Shi Yu wiped his hands and said with a serious expression, “When do we start researching the Green Silkworm cocoon? Can we develop greater results in seven days? I’m already prepared.”

Everyone: “?”

Weren’t you not interested just now???