Chapter 218 - Each More Ridiculous Than The Next

“What’s your next prediction?”

Now, the owl was looking forward to it.

It had been a long time since it had predicted anything related to totems.

The last time it predicted it was when its Beast Tamer was still alive.

It had only predicted it when his talent was strengthened by time.

Now, it had actually predicted it again. It didn’t care if it was ridiculously crooked, but at least it had predicted it.

This could be considered a breakthrough.

Therefore, the Prediction Owl judged that its Future Prediction should have improved unconsciously.

Let’s see the effect of the next premonition…

“Let me see.”

Under everyone’s gaze, Shi Yu emitted a faint light in front of him. A small green array appeared in midair.

In the next moment, a mini Iron-eating Beast, a mini sword spirit, a mini butterfly, and a mini ginseng baby quickly fell from it.

“Wuu!”

The Little Iron-eating Beast flashed with lightning and landed steadily with the electromagnetic levitation.

“Mi!” “Wu!” The mini sword spirit and butterfly flew elegantly.

Only Baby Ginseng fell to the ground with a bang and patted the dust on its body with a calm expression, as if nothing had happened.

“It’s their future,” Shi Yu said.

After the four little pets were summoned by Shi Yu, the Prediction Owl was stunned.

“Good heavens, the entire celebrity formation.” The students of Ancient Capital University took a deep breath. Many people felt that the butterfly was a little familiar… They knew that Shi Yu had a Green Silkworm, so that Green Silkworm had evolved? What race was this?

At this time, in this team, only White Brook knew about the Butterfly of Imagination.

“Uh.” When the students from Imperial Capital University saw this group of little pets, they were puzzled. Why were they all so small?

They looked at Shi Yu. Wasn’t Shi Yu a high-level Beast Tamer? Why did his pets look like babies?

The types of pets were also messy. Iron-eating beast, unknown little butterfly, ginseng baby, sword spirit?

It was not systematic.

“Wuu!” “Wu!” “Yi!” “Mi!”

Ignoring the surrounding environment, the four of them started chattering. What should they ask for?

“Let’s give it a prediction first. I want to know… where its next evolution opportunity is.”

In other words, where was the opportunity to carve the inscription?

Shi Yu bent down and picked up the little Iron-eating Beast. He said to the owl, depriving Eleven of its right to choose the Future Prediction.

“Wuu!!” Eleven danced around. Don’t pull it!

However, predict the next evolution?

It wasn’t impossible.

“Evolution again. You Beast Tamers like to take shortcuts.”

The corners of the owl’s mouth curled up. “But let me say this first. The future has endless possibilities. If in the future you guys can’t come into contact with the opportunity to evolve at all, then the things that you can predict might still be wrong. It’s very wrong.”

“I can only predict what you might achieve in the future.”

“Don’t come to me after you fail after trying.”

Thinking that its premonition had misled many people, and the owl felt guilty.

They had agreed in advance that they understood the risks.

“Alright.” Shi Yu nodded.

In any case, he would definitely continue to investigate the secret of the iron-eating beast. In the future, he would definitely be able to obtain some information, and now, through using the owl, he might be able to learn something in advance…

It was a more targeted investigation.

This time, it couldn’t be crooked.

He hoped that this fellow would be more reliable this time. The previous prophecy felt that it was completely unreliable. No, there was something reliable amidst the unreliability, making Shi Yu a little afraid.

“Coming, coming!” The owl closed its eyes again.

Eleven tilted its head and everyone looked at it carefully.

At this moment, the owl activated the super skill Future Prediction again, and the time hexagram on its body flickered.

“This…”

However, a moment later, what made the Prediction Owl feel that it was unscientific was that Eleven’s future scene was just as vague as its Beast Tamer’s.

Some further futures were like darkness, impossible to see clearly.

However, there was another force that successfully made the owl see some images. Only then did the owl sigh in relief. As expected, its strength had improved again, although it didn’t know what was going on…

Soon, the blurry scene became a little clearer, but it was also limited.

The Prediction Owl saw the blurred outline of the little Iron-eating Beast in front of it.

It was a hundred meters tall, and its figure was difficult to see clearly. Its entire body emitted terrifying dark magic power, like a new Demon God.

Opposite it was also a terrifying creature, like a demon god. Its dark aura was even higher than the Iron-eating Beast. It was definitely a top-notch totem. Although it was only a premonition, the owl instantly made a judgment and was shocked.

The battle intent of both parties had accumulated to the limit.

Boom!!!

The aura of both parties erupted, shaking the Prediction Owl’s body. It suddenly left the future scene and flapped its wings in anger again, its eyes wide open as it woke up.

How was that possible!

“Damn you, damn you!” It kept repeating like a parrot.

Everyone: “?”

Holy shit.

What was it again?

Why was it so shocked again?

What did it see this time?

“Wuu!!” Eleven shouted. Say it, it could take it.

“There’s a result?” Shi Yu gulped and asked.

The Future Cat’s eyelids twitched and it looked over. “It, it…”

It looked at the little Iron-eating Beast and said in disbelief, “Its evolution opportunity is dark-element power?”

“And why is its evolution related to another top-notch totem! It seems to be fighting! Why is it another totem!!” The Prediction Owl cursed.

What exactly was going on today?

Its pupils constricted. The Iron-eating Beast in front of it had totem aptitude?

Shi Yu: “?”

Everyone: “?”

Holy shit!

They collectively looked at the little Iron-eating Beast.

Eleven: “Huh?”

Eleven was confused. Dark element? Wasn’t it metal and thunder element?

Shi Yu was also at a loss. What?

Not an inscription, but a dark element? Or was the inscription related to the dark element?

“You said it’s also related to another top-notch totem… What is it?” Shi Yu asked.

The owl looked at Shi Yu and said, “I’m not sure, but the number of dark-element totem creatures is pitifully small. There aren’t many options…”

“Isn’t the evolution form of the Iron-eating Beast the Nine Li Battle Beast? It’s indeed crooked again.” At this moment, the Beast Tamer of the Barren Bear seemed to be very angry and continued to undermine the situation. She had spent so much money to predict that her pet would give birth and evolve a year later. What was going on…

After the prophecy ended, she confirmed again that the owl’s prophecy was not reliable at all. If she had known, she wouldn’t have listened to her classmate’s recommendation and come to the prophecy.

Each one was more unreliable than the other.

The students of Ancient Capital University glanced at her. Didn’t she know that the person in front of her was the discoverer of the Nine Li War Beast?

Perhaps this owl had predicted the evolution form of the Nine Li War Beast!

However, of course, they didn’t think that the prophecy was right either, because it was too ridiculous.

Even if Dong Huang was powerful now, it was unwilling to take the initiative to provoke a top-notch totem.

“…” At this moment, the Prediction Owl was speechless because it also felt that it was unreliable.

Ever since the end of the last totem battle, totems were already legendary creatures and rarely appeared. Even totems that were close to humans, such as the Butterfly God, only woke up once every few years or more. Outsiders couldn’t come into contact with those totems in the totem area.

Now, it had prophesied twice in a row, and both were related to totems. No matter how one looked at it, it was very ridiculous.

Most importantly, the Prediction Owl felt that its two predictions didn’t consume much power, just like the consumption of conventional predictions.

If it was related to the totem, it was definitely impossible for the consumption to not change. Therefore, it was also a little guilty. It felt that it had most likely made a wrong prediction. It was so crooked that it was kind of embarrassing. It had predicted a fake thing that was impossible.

“Dark element… Dark element… totem…”

However, to the owl’s surprise, Shi Yu himself fell into deep thought as if he really believed it.

[The evolution of the Nine Li Battle Beast, or should I say, the inscription might be related to the dark element?]

Shi Yu was momentarily at a loss, but more than that, he felt relaxed.

Although he didn’t know if it was correct, he seemed to be able to investigate in this direction.

Although light and darkness couldn’t compare to time and space, it was also the top attribute in this world.

The Kingdom of Glory in the West believed in light power and used light as a holy symbol.

As for dark power, in the ancient times of various countries, it was called magic power. It was not magic power, but the power of a demon god.

Therefore, dark-element creatures were occasionally called magical beasts, monsters, and dark creatures. Dark-element totems and Mythical creatures were also called Demon Gods.

Their strength could be seen from this unique name.

“Strange, too strange.”

At this moment, the Prediction Owl felt that today was too strange.

Did it bump into a totem nest? Why did it predict so many totem levels?

There was always a bad feeling.

It looked at the little butterfly, the little ginseng baby, and the little sword spirit and fell into deep thought.

“Well, do you still want to continue predicting? I feel that my condition today isn’t very good. Why don’t we talk about it another day? I’ll remember the number of times first?” it said.

“It’s alright, continue.” Shi Yu recovered and grinned.

Who said that he couldn’t do this a second time?

There was still time in the future. Shi Yu was only here to meet this owl.

After confirming that the Future Prediction Cat had been doing business here, Shi Yu didn’t plan to replicate the Future Prediction skill now.

This was because replicating it also occupied the same space as plant control, restrained sharpness, and Heavenly Frost Cold Energy. It could only be seen but not used.

Having already learned this lesson three times, Shi Yu would not make any mistakes and waste his skill column.

In any case, the Prediction Owl had always been here. He could come back when he was lacking in the future.

He looked at Buggy, Baby Ginseng, and Little Chi Tong.

“Do you want to see your future?” Shi Yu didn’t have anything urgent to know about them.

Evolution?

This was already a predetermined fate. There was no need to ask.

Buggy’s evolution skill was Dragon of Imagination, Baby Ginseng’s evolution skill was mutation, and Chi Tong’s transformation evolution skill was probably Spirit Release. This was very clear.

Compared to the mystery of inscription, these had a concrete path.

In that case, Shi Yu handed the premonition opportunity to them.

“Wu!!” Buggy was the first to fly out.

“Wu?!”

It wanted to ask if its race could still get married and have children in the future?

Buggy was a little panicked now that Shi Yu had imagined the scene of him dying alone at the Feeding Conference.

It also liked those big sisters who were as beautiful as it!

Shi Yu :”…”

“Ah.” The Prediction Owl was stunned and a little teary-eyed. The thing it wanted to predict this time looked relatively normal.

“What does it want to predict?” Beast-eared Lady White Brook asked.

“This… It wants to calculate its future partner and the situation of its descendants…” The corners of Shi Yu’s mouth twitched.

However, in general, although Buggy was only a year old, it had already spent most of its life when it was a green worm. It wasn’t impossible for it to awaken this idea in advance.

“Eh…”

“This…”

Shi Yu’s prophecy completely exceeded everyone’s expectations.

The owl closed its eyes in relief, but its face quickly fell.

It was the same.

In the blurry scene, it opened its mouth slightly in shock.

It saw a huge butterfly and a dragon-shaped body laughing happily. Their bodies were covered in shadows and censored. Among them, the aura emitted by the dragon-shaped body shocked the owl again.

Damn.

Another totem??

The owl felt like it lost a hundred years of its life.

“F*ck!” It opened its eyes and exploded. A wood-element pollution-type sound wave skill was released.

Holy shit.

Everyone was shocked along with the owl.