Chapter 211 - Results Of Changing The Industry

Imperial Capital, National Exhibition Center.

There were more and more people in the venue.

Before eight in the morning, every area was almost full.

At the same time, three people also entered the judging table, attracting a lot of attention.

“It’s President Ye Hui…”

“Dr. Lu Qi…”

“And Dr. Tian Xiu…”

“What a luxurious judging lineup. They’re already starting to get nervous.”

There were discussions below.

At this moment, a middle-aged man in a suit and holding a microphone walked to the center of the venue.

With a smile on his face, he first coughed dryly to attract everyone’s attention. Then, a loud voice sounded.

“Hello, friends from all walks of life. Welcome to the scene of the Feeding Conference.”

“I’m the host of this Feeding Conference, Deng Lin.”

The short-haired middle-aged man attracted everyone’s attention through his voice.

Deng Lin was also a famous Feeder. Unlike those Feeders with special Beast Taming Talents, he relied on a solid foundation to reach this stage over time.

After joining the Feeding Association, he became the representative of the Feeding Association to explain various feed results to the public. Everyone was familiar with him.

At a certain seat, Shi Yu and the others also looked over.

“Before the exhibition starts, please allow me to introduce the three judges of this Feeding Results Show.”

“They are respectively the president of the Feeding Association, Master Ye Hui!”

“Welcome, everyone.” On the judging table, the gray-dressed man sitting in the middle smiled.

Applause immediately sounded from below.

President Ye Hui was also considered a legendary figure. He had sat in this position at a young age. Of course, this was also related to his heaven-defying cultivation-type Beast Taming Talent. It had been unearthed and cultivated in the third bureau a long time ago.

“Imperial Capital University, PhD in Chemistry, Dr. Lu Qi!”

“Hello.” On the judging table, on President Ye Hui’s left, an old man smiled.

Below, the feed team at the Imperial Capital University seats applauded fiercely!

This doctorate in chemistry from the Imperial Capital University had researched 27 evolution plans for pets. There were evolution races that were transcendent to monarchs. There were even evolution types of two low-level overlord races!

Apart from the overlord race, everything else had a certain degree of replication. Moreover, these pets’ attributes were not limited to the worm-element. His position in the academic world was much higher than Dr. Zuo’s, and he was a senior figure of Dr. Zuo’s.

“I wonder what Dr. Lu Qi thinks of the green cocoon.” Beside Shi Yu, Dr. Zuo had an amused expression.

For the soil of time, Shi Yu had made ample preparations this time… Even she was shocked by the contents of the display.

“Talent Group, Chief Feeding Doctor, Tian Xiu!”

The last person was the old man on President Ye Hui’s right. He was a PhD representative of a financial group that mainly produced commercial products with the results of its operations.

“I’m very happy to be the judge of this Feeding Conference.”

She smiled and said, “Her experience is also very legendary. Most of the feed products she developed are suitable for the basics, and it can be said to be widely praised among Beast Tamers.”

Almost all the pets of Beast Tamers from Dong Huang had tried the nutritional supplements she had developed.

Many exhibition teams had no objections to the three of them being the judges of this Feeding Conference.

The judging method of this Feeding Conference was also very simple. Each judge had 10 points of authority and a total of 30 points. The three judges would evaluate the applicability of the feed results, their high potential, and many other aspects.

If the results of a feed were very strong, strong to the point of explosion, but the cost would be hundreds of millions, and it was very difficult to replicate. The range of applications was limited, so the overall score wouldn’t be very high.

Unless this product could be like those totem-level forbidden weapons that could greatly increase the battle power of a country. At that time, whatever else could be ignored. Just the height alone was enough to crush the results of other teams.

The judging criteria of this conference was to see the overall impact of the feed results on the Beast Taming Domain!

“Sorry for making everyone wait.”

After the host, Deng Lin, explained a bunch of assessment rules and the original intention of the Feeding Conference, as well as his expectations for the future of the Feeding Domain, he finally got to the point. He looked at the big screen at the venue with a smile.

“I believe everyone has been looking forward to it for a long time. Then, let’s invite the first show team.”

“They’re from the Feeding Department of Imperial Capital University, the tree-fruit research team led by Professor Fang Lin. The content they’re going to show this time is the ‘new breed of tree fruits’!”

Swoosh!

The title of the first display team appeared on the big screen in the center of the venue.

In addition, the configuration of the entire research team appeared on the screen.

Team person-in-charge: Professor of the Feeding Department of Imperial University, Fang Lin.

Members: Tang Yun, Jiang Tong, Guo Mingrui, and Du Yan, students of the Feeding Department of the Imperial Capital University.

When the team configuration was out, the audience was shocked.

He didn’t expect that the strongest feed result of Imperial Capital University this year was developed by a professor and a group of students.

“I’m looking forward to it.”

“The results of Imperial Capital University have been very strong in the past years. This year will definitely not be bad.”

As the first display team confirmed, everyone started discussing.

The feeding power of Imperial Capital University was pretty good. Everyone was curious about the major research results of Imperial Capital University this year.

Soon, the female professor of Imperial Capital University, Fang Lin, walked on stage.

“Hello, everyone. I’m Fang Lin, a professor of the Feeding Department of the Imperial Capital University. Cultivating new spiritual plants and spiritual fruits has always been an eternal research topic in the Feeding World. And the result of the fostering we brought this time is a new tree fruit cultivated using a special planting method, the ‘Luminous Fruit’.”

In the venue, the three judges watched quietly. Below, the many exhibition teams also watched quietly.

New product resources…

Shi Yu nodded slightly.

There was no hurry. When he taught Baby Ginseng plant control skills and upgraded it to Perfect Level, he could almost easily mutate the plants. There were as many new spiritual plants as he wanted. He could be a gambler every day!

Then, under the control of the female professor of Imperial Capital University, Fang Lin, the screen changed and a yellow-green fruit picture appeared.

She continued, “Generally speaking, tree fruits are usually used as one ingredient for certain evolution plans, skill teaching plans, and nutritional supplements. It requires other materials to maximize the effect. Only a small number of spiritual plants and spiritual fruits can bring huge improvements to pets and Beast Tamers on their own.”

“The Luminous Fruit is a tree fruit species with astonishing effects alone. It can directly help a pet awaken an intermediate skill. As long as the pet matches this skill, the awakening rate will be above 99%.”

Everyone was slightly surprised.

Because up to here, it didn’t sound new.

Although the effect of this fruit was very strong and could make many low-level Beast Tamers envious, this was the National Feeding Conference. Just this kind of result was not enough to show the power of Imperial Capital University, unless…

Unless this mid-level skill was very important.

Under Fang Lin’s instructions, her four students went on stage.

Behind the four students, each followed a pet. The four pets were of different races. One was a Lightning Rat, one was a Nightlight Cat, one was an Icefield Hound, and the other was a Thorny Beast.

Shi Yu took a look. Good lord, was he going to film “Tom and Jerry”?

“These are the four pets we applied to the Feeding Association. Everyone should be familiar with their skills. These four pets also only have racial skills, but next… they’re about to awaken new skills!”

Among the four students, the girl named Tang Yun took out the tree fruits on display and fed them to the pets.

After feeding them, Tang Yun looked excited. Alright, little guys, let’s stun everyone!

A few seconds later.

Unsurprisingly, all four pets flickered with the Light of Awakening. This was the sign that they were awakening to master new skills!

At the same time, under everyone’s silent gaze, the pets suddenly opened their mouths!

“Hou!!!!!!!!”

The pets of the four races, which were completely different, actually let out the same roar that did not match their race at the same time. Moreover, the sound was incomparably loud, ringing through the entire venue, causing the ground to tremble slightly and causing dust to be stirred!

“This is…” Everyone was slightly stunned. Then, some feeders revealed shocked expressions.

On the judging table, the three judges were stunned and immediately determined what skill it was.

“Could it be a battle roar skill?” President Ye Hui said in surprise.

On the display table, Professor Fang Lin smiled and said, “It’s the spiritual medium-level skill War Roar. Everyone is definitely familiar with the use of this skill.”

“This is a skill that can rely on the roar to increase your battle will, obtain mental resistance and a temporary increase in strength, and affect the enemy’s will. After the proficiency is high, you can still upgrade it to a group resonance skill!”

“Its greatest use is to allow commander-level pets to have the power to fight against the deterrence of monarch-level creatures and not directly faint!”

As soon as Professor Fang Lin finished speaking, everyone exclaimed. They immediately understood the strategic value of this skill.

This was not prepared for ordinary Beast Tamers.

This was prepared for the Beast Tamer Troops!

On the battlefield, why was it difficult for pets below the monarch level to change the battle situation?

Because monarch-level creatures relied on deterrence to have the initial capital to ignore the number of weak enemies, it was very difficult to defeat them with numbers.

In the face of the deterrence of monarch-level creatures, even commander-level pets would instantly lose their will to fight.

However, if the pet learned the Battle Roar, there would be no problem.

If an army was allocated with the Battle Roar and upgraded to a group skill, even a group of commander-level pets would have the possibility of surrounding and killing monarch-level creatures. And facing opponents of the same level, they would also have an incomparably huge advantage!

If the Luminous Fruit only helped the pet awaken an ordinary mid-level skill like the Thunder Palm, it would basically have no effect on Dong Huang’s Beast Taming Domain. But if it was a tree fruit with a stable awakening battle roar skill, the meaning would be different.

“A very rare research result,” Dr. Tian Xiu praised.

“Yes.” Dr. Lu Qi smiled. Obviously, he had known about this result.

“This tree fruit…” On Shi Yu’s side, Legend Hua and Dr. Zuo also revealed shocked expressions.

The battle roar skill was different from other skills. Because of the speciality of its group resonance, the effect of it exceeded high-level skills for specific people. This research result could be said to have a very different meaning.

“Does it depend on the roar to deal damage?” Shi Yu was also slightly stunned. This skill was not bad. It was very suitable for low-level army battles. Think about it, a group of battle beasts that had mastered the impregnable resonance skill. They would roar and charge at the same time, increasing their battle intent and strength. That felt good…

However, this skill still had some restrictions.

The effect was only obvious for those below the monarch level. The same effect was perfectly covered by deterrence. Although deterrence wasn’t a resonance skill, after a high proficiency level, it was a group skill. It could overlap, be used to bully others with its power, and deterrence with high proficiency could completely increase the battle will of an entire army. The effect would only be stronger than the battle roar.

Although that was the case, it didn’t affect anything. After all, there were only a few Beast Tamers who had mastered the deterrence skill in the entire Beast Taming Domain. Moreover, if the deterrence and battle roar were used together. Although the strength of the effects were similar and the mutual increase was limited, it wasn’t like there was no increase at all.

This was… a very valuable research result!

Now, the value of the battle roar had been confirmed. It was completely incomparable to mid-level skills like Cannon Fist and Thunder Palm. The entire army being armed with the Thunder Palm was useless. However, the significance of the full armed battle roar was huge. Next, it would depend on the difficulty of nurturing the Gem Fruit.

From any perspective, if the Clear Gem Fruit was popularized in the army, the impact would definitely not be low, but if the cultivation cost of one was a lot of money, that wouldn’t be too good.

“Professor Fang Lin, what about the cultivation cost of the Clear Gem Fruit?” President Ye Hui asked.

Professor Fang Lin said, “The cultivation of the Clear Gem Fruit requires special fertilizer and the support of plant-type pets to grow normally. If we cultivate them in batches, the cultivation cost of one fruit is about 100,000 yuan each.”

With that said, she flipped to the page and showed everyone the cost composition of nurturing the Green Glowing Fruit.

100,000…

After Professor Fang Lin finished speaking, the three judges fell into deep thought.

This price was very conflicted. It wasn’t to the extent where it couldn’t be used in the army, but if it was to be popularized, it wasn’t that easy.

Dong Huang’s annual military expenses of more than trillion seemed to be a lot, but just the food of the soldiers’ pets alone had spent most of it. The remaining funds that could be used for the pets’ skills, equipment, medicine, and training facilities were spread out. There wasn’t much left.

With that money, it was enough to create many monarch and overlord-level mechanical lives.

However, this cost-effective ratio was definitely higher than armed mental equipment, so most importantly, it had potential again.

After all, the cultivation cost could be optimized. If he could find a cultivation plan that reduced the cost to half or a quarter, the strategic value of the Gem Fruit would be even greater.

“At the moment, we already have three cost optimization plans, but due to the funds, we can’t completely implement them,” Professor Fang Lin said.

This was also the goal of many individual feeding teams. They wanted research funds! They wanted to jointly do research with the third bureau!

The feeding team of Imperial Capital University was still showing off, explaining their subsequent research ideas, making everyone and the three judges nod to themselves.

At the moment, the Luminous Fruit already had the potential to increase the battle power of the Dong Huang Beast Tamer Corps overall. This feeding result was undoubtedly a huge success. It was worth the third bureau and even the military’s follow-up research.

During the evaluation process, Ye Hui, Lu Sheng, and Tian Xiu all gave extremely high affirmations.

“28.5 points.”

Ten minutes later, after a serious discussion by the jury, the new Tree Seed Fruit displayed by Imperial Capital University was extremely recognized.

Seeing this score, on the display table, Mentor Fang Lin smiled. The four students on the ground also had flushed faces and were very excited.

“Yay!!”

Their hard work for the past six months was not in vain.

At the Feeding Conference last year, there were only six feed results with scores exceeding 28 points. There was only one that exceeded 28.5 points, and the highest was only 29 points. This evaluation was undoubtedly very large.

“28.5 points?”

“Another genius Feeder appeared in Imperial Capital University. I’ve never heard of Professor Fang Lin before, but I’ve completely remembered her this time. I wonder if I saw the day when the Beast Tamer Troops were all armed with the Battle Roar.”

“Those few students also have boundless prospects. Perhaps they will be recruited by the military after graduation.”

“The first one is already so explosive.”

After the presentation of the Imperial Capital University’s Feeding Team, the research teams that were going afterwards were a little embarrassed.

Most of the feed results in these display teams were still not replicable or popularizing.

For example, when Dr. Zuo researched the Ice Phoenix Moth back then, although it increased her reputation greatly, it was only limited to this.

After all, regardless of whether it was ordinary people or high-end battle power, they rarely spent the effort to nurture a Green Silkworm that had mastered transcendent worm silk.

In addition, ice-element phoenix materials were also very expensive.

Even if the Ice Phoenix Moth’s breeding results were very impressive, Dr. Zuo’s evaluation for the Feeding Conference back then would only be ranked seventh.

Moreover, this ranking was largely not for the Ice Phoenix Moth.

It was because Dr. Zuo had proven that the Green Silkworm might directly evolve into a monarch race.

After all, the Ice Phoenix Moth was the first case. The Green Silkworm had become a classic example of a monarch race as the first evolution, providing many research ideas to other researchers.

Therefore, the popularization and potential displayed by the Imperial Capital University could increase the overall battle power of the Beast Tamer Troops. For the subsequent Feeding Team, it was simply a fatal blow, making them feel immense pressure.

“Thank you, Professor Fang Lin, for the Feeding Team of Imperial University. Thank you for your research results.”

Host Deng Lin went on stage and sighed. “Thank you for the evaluation brought by the three judges.”

On the judging table, the three judges smiled. They still had to thank the feeding team of Imperial Capital University.

They didn’t expect the first feed result this year to be so meaningful.

Then, the conference carried out a short five-minute break.

On the Imperial Capital University’s side, everyone was excited.

Tang Yun and the other students surrounded Professor Fang Lin and chattered excitedly.

“Although Feeders rarely go to the battlefield themselves, their existence, and the medical care department as well, can provide huge help to the soldiers at the front line. This is also a kind of battle.” Fang Lin said with a smile and glanced at Tang Yun.

It meant that battle and feeding were indeed not separated, but there was no need to cultivate both. After all, a person’s energy was limited, and she didn’t have the battle-type Beast Taming Talent. Why didn’t she just obediently follow her, her mentor, to specialize in feeding? She could still increase the battle power of the soldiers at the back.

“I understand. Speaking of which, which team is the next display team?” Tang Yun changed the topic quickly.

“I think it’s Ancient Capital University,” a student named Du Yan said.

“Ancient Capital University?” Tang Yun was stunned.

Similar to Shi Yu before, she had the same idea. As the only member of the battle club of the Imperial Capital University present, she knew that the next two schools had battle exchanges. Was she going to compete with them in the Feeding Department in advance?

“What about their research results?” Tang Yun asked.

Professor Fang Lin: “It looks like a new evolution form of the Green Silkworm?”

“They don’t seem to have a team that specializes in the research of the Green Silkworm, right?” the student Jiang Tong said. If he remembered correctly, Ancient Capital University’s main breeding research was in the undead department. Why did they come to study the Green Silkworm?

“Maybe they discovered a new form by accident.” Tang Yun smiled and didn’t care much.

A few new evolution forms would appear every year for the Green Silkworm, and they would be bet by the feeders, but there was nothing new.

Either its proficiency in the worm silk was too high, or the evolution ingredient was too dark. After all, the two concerned the potential of the Green Silkworm. After researching for decades, the Wind Crystal Butterfly that the Green Silkworm naturally evolved into was the most intimate.

At the same time, the other exhibition teams also discussed Ancient Capital University.

Compared to Imperial Capital University, the Feeding Department of Ancient Capital University was not famous.

Apart from a small number of people, probably not many people were looking forward to the results of Ancient Capital University’s feeding. After all, in the past years, the overall score of Ancient Capital University was never in the top ten.

Soon, the break segment ended, and the host, Deng Lin, went on stage.

“After a short break, let’s invite the second exhibition team.”

“It’s from Ancient Capital University. The research team of the Green Silkworm Evolution Feeding Group, led by Student Shi Yu of the Archeology Department, is going to showcase the ‘Green Silkworm New Evolution Form’!”

Swoosh!

When Deng Lin finished speaking, everyone was stunned for a moment.

“Huh?”

“Wait, did I hear wrongly?”

“Although I know that the archeology Department of Ancient Capital University is very impressive, isn’t this the Feeding Conference… Why isn’t it the Feeding Department leading the team, but the archeology Department?”

“Is that the problem? Why aren’t the professors leading the team, but… the student?”

As the host finished speaking, the crowd instantly exclaimed.

A moment later, someone suddenly felt that the name Shi Yu was a little familiar.

For example, Tang Yun of the Imperial Capital University was first shocked at how the Ancient Capital University spent so much effort to let the archeology Department participate in the Feeding Conference. Then, she was slightly stunned by the name Shi Yu.

Archeology Department, Shi Yu…

Was it that Shi Yu Yin Zhengfan cared about? The Shi Yu she had asked her cousin about previously?

While many people were stunned, the contents of the display team of Ancient Capital University appeared on the big screen in the center of the venue. In addition, the members of the entire research team appeared on the screen.

At this moment, the crowd was stunned again. They were extremely stunned.

Team In-charge: Ancient Capital University archeology Department student, Shi Yu.

Members: Dr. Zuo Jiangyun, director of the Demon Capital Insect Department, Feeder Xia Qingwei, Legendary Beast Tamer Hua Xiajin…

Everyone: “?”

Imperial Capital University: ???

Demon Capital University: ???

Good lord…

Imperial Capital University had a professor with four students. On Ancient Capital University’s side, not only was the archeology student leading the team, but they also had a famous doctorate and a legendary Beast Tamer?

What the hell was going on?

Which one of them wasn’t a big boss in the insect domain?

Why? They were members, and the person in charge was a student?

At this moment, apart from a few people who knew, most of them were confused.

On the side of Imperial Capital University, Tang Yun was extremely confused. So, was it the Shi Yu she knew?

Looking over with endless confusion… As a young man in a white research suit calmly walked onto the stage, she was even more confused.

It was definitely that Iron-eating Beast Knight. It was him.

This didn’t make sense!

Why was it him?

The archeology Department didn’t do archeology, but came to study feeding?

Wasn’t Shi Yu very strong in battle too? If he wanted to dual cultivate, it would be battle. Why was he here to study feeding?

At Demon Capital University, some of the attendees felt their balls hurt when they saw the names of Dr. Zuo Jiangyun and Xia Qingwei.

However, the changes in the audience couldn’t affect Shi Yu, who was on the stage.

He looked at the entire venue and the judging table.

“Hello, everyone. I’m a student from Ancient Capital University, Shi Yu. Because of the speciality of the Green Silkworm, the evolution form of the Green Silkworm has also been a research topic that will never change in the Feeding World. And the result of the feeding we brought this time is the ‘new evolution form of the Green Silkworm’. However, this evolution form might be a little different from the evolution form everyone knows.”

Shi Yu smiled.

As soon as he finished speaking, the crowd was in an uproar. Good lord, what was Ancient Capital University doing?

“I’ll get to the point then.” Shi Yu wasn’t a professional feeder. He only wanted to show the results quickly and create big news!

“Next, please look at our research results.”

As soon as he finished speaking, Xia Qingwei, who was also wearing a research suit, went on stage.

“That guy… seems to be Dr. Zuo Jiangyun’s daughter, a member of the Demon Capital University team, the one from the Feeding Department like me…” At the Imperial Capital University, Tang Yun saw Xia Qingwei and her memories were evoked. She looked at the Ancient Capital University team in confusion.

Like her, Professor Fang Lin and many others couldn’t understand.

At this moment, a green worm followed Xia Qingwei onto the stage.

Looking at this green worm, everyone wanted to see what the Ancient Capital University was up to.

“This is a level-ten Awakening Green Silkworm with an expert level proficiency in worm silk. Its skill proficiency is at a stage that most Beast Tamers can reach,” Shi Yu said slowly.

“According to the statistics, the Green Silkworm is the pet race that the Beast Tamers have contracted the most. This has to do with its huge number and evolution potential.”

“Therefore, studying the evolution form of the Green Silkworm has become the mainstream topic in the Dong Huang Feeding World. Many feeders have taken a fancy to the two special characteristics of the Green Silkworm and hope to find a powerful evolution form suitable for the masses.”

“However, because its racial skills are too difficult to increase and its race is weak, it requires many high-level materials to improve its talent. Therefore, there has been no amazing result in this research route.”

“But now, we’ve finally found it. The evolution threshold is extremely low, but the evolution path of the races is very powerful!”

“Its birth will rewrite the layout of Dong Huang’s Beast Taming Domain!”

When Shi Yu finished speaking, many Beast Tamers widened their eyes.

What was he saying!

Everyone originally thought that Ancient Capital University had only accidentally discovered a new evolution model.

However, as Shi Yu finished speaking, everyone suddenly realized that Shi Yu’s description was extremely grand.

The evolution threshold that was suitable for the masses was extremely low, but it led to the evolved form of a very powerful Green Silkworm?

The Feeding World had studied it for decades but had yet to find a suitable evolution plan. Now, Shi Yu said that he had researched it?

“How is that possible?” On the display team of Imperial Capital University, a few students looked at Shi Yu in a daze.

Did he know what he was talking about?

If this was developed, the strategic value would probably be above the Battle Roar Fruit.

Apart from the audience, the three judges narrowed their eyes.

“Now, please bear witness to its evolution.”

As Shi Yu finished speaking, Xia Qingwei brought the Green Silkworm to the booth the next moment.

“Ji!”

After arriving at the exhibition stage and being watched by so many people, the green worm wasn’t nervous. It spat out the worm silk skillfully and started to turn into a cocoon!

Soon, an ordinary cocoon transformation was completed.

Everyone looked at the Green Silkworm cocoon on the display table and was a little confused. However, a moment later, everyone’s eyes widened.

That was because, without any external stimulation, the Green Silkworm that had just turned into a cocoon was suddenly filled with evolution light!

“Wait!”

“After the Green Silkworm turns into a cocoon, doesn’t it have to sleep for at least a few days and absorb the evolution power before breaking out of the cocoon to evolve?”

“Dr. Zuo’s Beast Taming Talent seems to be able to accelerate the growth of pets, including pets in the cocoon state…”

“The problem is that Dr. Zuo didn’t go on stage. The little girl up there didn’t touch this cocoon either!”

Seeing the suddenly evolved Green Silkworm cocoon, many people were stunned.

Everyone looked at the booth carefully.

At this moment, the evolution light lingering on the green worm’s cocoon had already disappeared.

The green worm’s new evolution form appeared in front of everyone.

At this moment, everyone’s expressions froze. This was because after the Green Silkworm’s cocoon evolved, after evolution… it seemed to have evolved into…

No matter how they looked at it, this thing was still a cocoon.

In the beginning, it might have been because of the distance, but in the next moment, as the green cocoon turned around and opened its huge eyes, the feeders present widened their eyes.

This wasn’t the end. After opening his eyes, Xia Qingwei directly took out a prop and raised it beside the green cocoon.

Then…

With a boom, the Green Silk cocoon was filled with Psychic waves. It used the Psychic impact to instantly penetrate the prop Xia Qingwei raised. Seeing this scene, many people suddenly stood up.

“Holy shit, the Green Silkworm’s cocoon woke up? No… it became a spirit? No, it, it woke up?”

“Moreover, this is… Psychic power??”

Many feeders revealed shocked expressions. Shi Yu slowly said, “This is one of the results of our feeding. It let the Green Silkworm evolve into the Green Silkworm cocoon and awaken new racial skills, Psychic power.”

Many people’s mouths opened slightly. Green Worm cocoon???

That worked?

It was indeed different from the evolution everyone imagined. No wonder Shi Yu said that it might go against everyone’s understanding!

Others evolved into butterflies, but what the hell was this cocoon?!

“Wait… Green Worm cocoon?!”

“I remember now. Previously, didn’t the officials announce a new Green Silkworm race called Green Silkworm cocoon!”

Some of the Beast Tamers present suddenly thought of something and spoke abruptly. They even thought of the Butterfly Meeting!

At this moment, Shi Yu continued, “The Green Silkworm cocoon is a transition race before the Green Silkworm turned into a butterfly. This race can effectively increase the potential heritage of the Green Silkworm after its evolution.”

“This is the key to the entire study.”

“However, this evolution won’t end here. Although it has evolved once and broken through to the transcendent level, the green cocoon can still continue to evolve like an ordinary cocoon!”

In order to respond to everyone, Xia Qingwei activated her growth talent and placed her hand on the green cocoon. A moment later, the green cocoon welcomed a second stage evolution again. A green silkworm suddenly evolved twice in front of everyone, making everyone a little confused.

Under the dazzling light of evolution, the cocoon underwent a huge change. With a boom, under the pressure of Psychic power, the cocoon directly exploded, turning into white silk that flew in all directions.

At the same time, a palm-sized butterfly with bright spots on its wings appeared in front of everyone. It broke out of the cocoon!

“What ~” The butterfly danced in the sky, and the spiritual powder around it scattered. Its posture was gorgeous. Its new appearance made many people open their mouths slightly.

At the same time.

On the screen, information about this butterfly appeared.

[Name]: Crystal Butterfly

[Attributes]: Spirit

[Race Level]: High Transcendent

[Race Skill]: Worm Silk, Psychic, Psychic Powder, Absolute Sleep

Energy Points: 574

[Evolution Materials Cost]: 100,000

At this moment, when they saw the information on this new species of butterfly, many Beast Tamers were stunned and widened their eyes.

Even Professor Fang Lin from Imperial Capital University was stunned.

100,000?

Were they seeing things?

“If I want the Green Silkworm to evolve into the Green Silkworm cocoon and then into the Crystal Thought Butterfly, the cost of evolution materials is about 100,000 yuan.”

“The requirement for the worm silk is only at expert level.”

“It can be exchanged for a pet of a high-level transcendent spiritual type. This pet grasps the all-purpose skill Psychic, a spiritual powder with extremely high tactical value and high medical value, and absolute sleep that greatly reduces the cost of cultivation.”

“They have three spiritual skills: low, medium, and high.”

Shi Yu’s voice echoed in everyone’s ears, shocking many.

It was really 100,000 yuan?

Was it 100,000 yuan?

Initially, they had thought that the battle roar would be shocking enough, but now, the 100,000 yuan Psychic Crystal Butterfly stunned them all at once. Unlike the battle roar that could only be used in war, the cost-effective ratio of the Psychic Crystal Butterfly was too high. Not only could Psychic power be used in battle, but it could also have a huge impact in many fields such as medicine. Apart from the extremely high tactical value, Psychic Powder was also a resource urgently needed in the medical field. Many anesthesia jobs needed Psychic Powder.

As for Absolute Sleep, there was even less to say. At the very least, the Beast Tamer’s cost of cultivating the Crystal Butterfly had been halved, and the cultivation period had doubled. No wonder Shi Yu said that the evolution form he discovered was incomparably powerful.

Although it was just a high-level transcendent race, this was a racial form prepared for the public. Skill matching skills were the most important. Psychic power could be used to attack, defend, or even accelerate oneself. Psychic powder could also be sold for money, and Absolute Sleep could accelerate the cultivation cycle to reduce the burden of cultivation… In addition, this super low evolution threshold…

If there had been an evolution form like the Crystal Butterfly back then, Shi Yu wouldn’t have to loan hundreds of thousands of yuan to buy the Iron-eating Beast. He could have raised the Green Silkworm and bought the evolution materials to fly faster.

At this moment, as the information of the Crystal Thought Butterfly was announced, many people took a deep breath and looked at the young man.

[But now, we’ve finally found it. The evolution threshold is extremely low, but the evolution path of the races is very powerful!]

[Its birth will rewrite the layout of Dong Huang’s Beast Taming Domain!]

What Shi Yu said just now was all true.

If the purpose of the battle roar was to strengthen the existing Beast Tamer Troops…

Then, the birth of the Green Silkworm cocoon and the Crystal Thought Butterfly could make all of Dong Huang’s citizens soldiers. Ten years later, everyone could be Beast Tamers!

After all, the number of Green Silkworms… was even more than humans.

Moreover, the battle roar could also be matched with the Crystal Butterfly!

At this moment, everyone at Imperial Capital University was shocked.

Was this still the Ancient Capital University that was useless apart from the archeology Department?

This was a discovery that could change the structure of Dong Huang’s Beast Taming Domain better than the Battle Roar Fruit!

At this moment, many feeders were numb. First was Imperial Capital University, then Ancient Capital University. How were the people behind them supposed to go on stage now?

At Ancient Capital University, Principal Feng laughed out loud. Were they shocked? However, did they think that was it?

Legend Hua and Dr. Zuo also smiled.

At this moment, Shi Yu looked at the judging table.

On the judging table, the three top-notch feed masters also fell into a thought storm.

If the cultivation cost Shi Yu gave was real, then this time, it was really an incomparable big discovery.

Although it wasn’t an innovation field, it was a huge innovation in the current situation!

“This result… I can give you full marks!”

Although he was a doctorate from the Imperial Capital University, at this moment, Dr. Lu Qi was completely stunned. The so-called racial levels of the Green Silkworm Cocoon and the Crystal Thought Butterfly were simply far inferior to the evolution form he had developed. However, at this moment, Dr. Lu Qi understood that his feeding results were nothing compared to this.

This was what one should pursue after entering chemistry. It made the most common pet evolve into the pet with the lowest threshold!

He didn’t take the best pet and spend a lot of money to evolve into a stronger pet!

He looked at Shi Yu. Could a student develop such a result??

No wonder Dr. Zuo and Legend Hua were willing to support him.

However, he kept feeling that there was something he hadn’t sensed.

Dr. Tian Xiu, who was beside him, was also confused for a moment because of this huge achievement. There was actually someone who really relied on the Green Silkworm’s evolution to solve the greatest problem of ordinary people becoming professional Beast Tamers?

At this moment, Shi Yu said, “Thank you, Dr. Lu, but my display isn’t over.”

“This evolution only shows popularization and applicability.”

“It’s far from the potential. The Crystal Thought Butterfly is just the form that a silkworm with expert worm silk proficiency evolves into. What if the worm silk is at the perfect level of proficiency, or even the transcendent level of proficiency?”

At this moment, everyone was stunned again.

In the next moment, the two green cocoons were teleported to the display table by an unknown force.

It was still the green worm cocoon with big eyes!

Shi Yu said, “Next, everyone, please take a closer look.”

“The one on the left is the green cocoon with the perfect proficiency worm silk.”

“The one on the right is the green cocoon with transcendent proficiency worm silk.”

“Now, they are about to evolve one by one.”

As soon as he finished speaking, Xia Qingwei, the insect obstetric Feeder, took a deep breath. She sucked in the sachet hanging from her neck and pressed her hands on the body of the green cocoon. Her growth talent was activated!!

In less than a minute, the length of the two green cocoons that had almost grown up increased again!

The next moment, the green cocoon with the Perfect Level Worm Silk on the left erupted with evolution light!