Chapter 215 - Fan Fan Who Doubted Life

At this moment, Yin Zhengfan and everyone felt that it was extremely ridiculous.

“Is the machine malfunctioning?”

Zhang Yiming quickly checked the machine in front of him.

The battle facilities of Imperial Capital University were all high-tech and had their own energy detection function. However, as long as it was an instrument, there would be a malfunction. At this moment, Zhang Yiming suspected that the machine was malfunctioning. Otherwise, how could this value be possible?

Either the growth level displayed a mistake, or it should be commander rank, or the energy level displayed a mistake. It should be just in the thousands.

“This, what’s going on!!”

At this moment, not only Yin Zhengfan and Zhang Yiming, but the students from the Imperial Capital University below also looked at the little sword spirit’s growth level and energy level in a daze.

BUG?

Even if it was an ordinary overlord race at the transcendent level, its energy value would only be 6,000. This sword spirit was more than 10,000. How could that be!

This was a Mythical race?

“Wait a minute, I’ll check the machine,” he said.

However, after checking for a long time, Zhang Yiming still didn’t find any problems with the machine.

At this moment, facing Shi Yu and the sword spirit, Yin Zhengfan was actually a little flustered for a moment. He didn’t understand what was going on.

He should have had the absolute advantage, but the sudden high-level Beast Tamer and the unbelievable 10,000 energy points transcendent-level sword spirit directly couldn’t sit right with Yin Zhengfan.

“Stop checking. This machine isn’t malfunctioning. It’s the same as my index value. It’s very precise.”

“It’s just that my pet race’s potential is too strong…”

Shi Yu stopped Senior Zhang. Senior Zhang was stunned. Everyone was stunned.

Human language?

Yin Zhengfan stood uneasily.

It was definitely not human language!

“Aren’t you going to do it? Or do you plan to change pets?” Shi Yu said.

Little Chi Tong was already the weakest pet in his team.

It belonged to the kind of little guy who couldn’t even last one round against the other three.

Of course, this was because it was only at the transcendent level, and its skill proficiency was not high.

However, if Shi Yu, who had the current legendary physique, fused with the transcendent-level little sword spirit, he could still barely resist Eleven, Baby Ginseng, and the others who didn’t go full rampage on him.

“I’ll fight!” Yin Zhengfan gritted his teeth.

“Sand, Absolute Erosion!”

In the face of Shi Yu’s question, Yin Zhengfan revealed an indignant expression and immediately issued an order.

He wouldn’t admit defeat!

Absolute Corrosion, earth-element super skill!

Creating a huge sandstorm, making it swallow enemies like a tsunami. The corrosive power contained in the sandstorm could erode all powers, having the terrifying effect of drying up energy, solidifying things and turning them to sand.

When developed to the extreme, it could instantly turn a town into a desert.

Boom!!!

At the moment, although the desert monarch had only mastered entry-level Absolute Corrosion, it already had powerful strength.

“Roar!!!” The three-meter-tall desert monarch roared, and the yellow sand on its body vibrated. In an instant, a huge sand sea that was six to seven meters tall surged behind it, and like a tsunami, it swallowed the little fire sword spirit floating in the air less than a meter away.

“It’s… the great earth-element skill, Absolute Corrosion!”

Everyone looked at the venue. It was huge right from the start. Looks like the ridiculous data of the sword spirit opposite made Yin Zhengfan feel immense pressure.

“Mi ~”

At this moment, Little Chi Tong was still very excited and had yet to recover.

“Be serious. Sun Flame, Light Flame Sword.”

Shi Yu said.

“Mi ~!”

Little Chi Tong expressed his understanding and turned to the huge sand sea that surged over. Endless flames gathered on the sword.

At this moment, the terrifying power fluctuations made the sand sea slightly deform, making the expressions of the desert monarch and Yin Zhengfan on the other side solemn.

No matter what the machine’s status was, this huge energy was definitely real.

Buzz…

As Shi Yu gave the order, Chi Tong looked like it was wrapped in sun flames. Flames covered the blade and the tip of the sword.

Super skill, Sun Flame!

It was a type of special flame!

An extremely powerful Sun Flame.

Using Yang Flame to cast the high-level skill, Light Flame Sword, instantly made Little Chi Tong explode with powerful strength.

Boom!!!

Countless people who were looking at the venue felt that the light in front of them was instantly snatched away, and the world seemed to have fallen into darkness.

At this moment, the desert monarch felt it the most. It felt a strong threat, and its body seemed to have fallen into darkness.

But in the next moment, killing intent overflowed.

A terrifying Sun Fireball fell from the sky. It was a sword light. A Yang Flame Sword flash that seemed to have broken through the darkness streaked across, turning into a terrifying fire sword aura that tore apart the sand sea.

When everyone reacted, the huge absolute erosion had already stopped in front of Little Chi Tong. A huge hole had already appeared in the sand that was flowing like a tsunami. Moreover, the entire sand sea was instantly wrapped in orange flames and disappeared in the blink of an eye!

At this moment, behind the sand sea, behind the huge hole, a painful roar instantly erupted.

“Roar!!!” The desert monarch looked at the sword scar that had appeared on its body at some point in time. It lowered its head to look at the sword scar that was filled with strong flames and howled in pain. In an instant, its entire body erupted, and yellow sand fell from its body!

“Roar!!!”

As if it was sand roasted by the sun, the temperature of the desert monarch’s body instantly rose to the limit, making it feel so painful that it wanted to die. Its consciousness gradually fainted.

A moment later, it finally couldn’t take it anymore and collapsed.

Boom!!!

The high-level monarch race, transcendent-level desert monarch, was directly killed by Chi Tong’s sword.

As the desert monarch fell to the ground, Yin Zhengfan didn’t react at all.

Speed was the special thing about the Light Flame Sword.

With Sun Flame as the power source, it was absolute speed.

At this moment, the desert monarch fell to the ground. Yin Zhengfan was stunned, and his mind suddenly froze. He took a step back.

Everyone opened their mouths wide and looked at everything in confusion.

“Wait…”

“What happened?”

“In an instant…”

Everyone was shocked.

He recalled what Shi Yu had said just now.

At this moment, no one suspected that it was a transcendent race, commander rank.

Such a skill was undoubtedly a super skill.

So, it was really a high-level race, transcendent level?

This couldn’t be the sword spirit of a f*cking overlord race, right? Moreover, it was the kind with a ridiculously high race, not even a low-level overlord.

Otherwise, it was impossible for it to have 10,000 energy points at the transcendent level!!

“Super skill, monarch… no, overlord race?”

“How is that possible? Overlords aren’t common. Quasi overlord?”

At this moment, everything shocked everyone. Judge Zhang Yiming was stunned.

He looked at the absent-minded Yin Zhengfan and thought to himself that this was bad.

“Mi ~!” Only Little Chi Tong cheered happily.

“Ah, I’m late.”

At this moment, nearly 20 people rushed over from the side of the venue. They looked at the fallen desert monarch and the little sword spirit that was already floating in the air. They were first stunned before looking at the battle screen.

Among these 20 people, White Brook revealed a helpless expression. So it did happen.

At this moment, in the judge’s seat, Zhang Yiming’s expression changed when he saw White Brook and the others. He suddenly felt that something was wrong.

Holy shit, why were all the members from Ancient Capital University here?

He couldn’t figure out what was going on.

The other students from the Imperial Capital University also looked at this group of people who had suddenly come.

In an instant, the atmosphere of the battlefield hall was especially heavy.

In the arena, Shi Yu looked at the stunned Yin Zhengfan and said, “Little Fanfan, I knew you couldn’t defeat me.”

On the other side, Yin Zhengfan was silent.

After recovering from his daze, he looked at the info. Transcendent level. The number of 10,000 energy points was very incomprehensible.

Why… Why was this happening? He didn’t understand!

“Who said so?” A moment later, Yin Zhengfan looked at Shi Yu with firm eyes.

Light lingered on the ground as he directly recalled the desert monarch.

“I’ll definitely win.”

“It’s not over yet. Don’t forget, I have the Beast Taming Space strengthening talent.”

With that, Yin Zhengfan forcefully forgot everything and started to summon new pets. He planned to not think about those unscientific things first and fight with all his might!

“Roar!!!”

In order to answer Yin Zhengfan’s heart, in the next moment, a four-meter-tall rock creature that looked like a two-legged dinosaur appeared and let out a roar filled with battle intent!!

Most of its body was covered in sharp chestnut rocks. It had strong limbs and a tail!

On its neck was a ring of sharp rock that looked like a scarf.!!

It was Yin Zhengfan’s Zonyan Rock Beast.

At the same time, on the battle screen, the desert monarch’s profile picture dimmed, revealing new information.

[Race Name]: Zonyan Rock Beast

[Level of Growth]: Commander Level

[Energy Points]: 50,113

“Roar!!!” The moment the Zonyan Rock Beast appeared, lava began to flow out of the Zonyan Rock on its neck, releasing a scorching aura that was even greater than the energy on the little sword spirit.

It looked at Little Chi Tong and Shi Yu with an unfriendly expression.

When enemies met, their eyes were especially red.

Yin Zhengfan took a deep breath and looked at Shi Yu, temporarily ignoring the unscientific sword spirit.

This sword spirit… Even if it was ridiculous, no matter what, it was only at the transcendent level. It was only ten thousand energy points.

Then, as long as he sent out a commander rank pet.

“It’s not over yet. Change your commander rank pet.”

“You’re a high-level Beast Tamer. You should have a commander-level pet, right?”

Yin Zhengfan took a deep breath and realized that this sword spirit couldn’t change anything.

It would be fine as long as he defeated Shi Yu’s commander rank pet.

“Kid, you’re really stubborn.” Shi Yu thought to himself and looked at Little Chi Tong. The other party’s Zonyan Rock Beast… Chi Tong had possessed him and he felt like could fight.

And the chances of winning were not low.

However, considering that the red-haired Chi Tong’s posture was too high-profile, and that he didn’t know if the rules here allowed Beast Tamers to go on stage, he sighed…

“Alright.” According to Yin Zhengfan’s request, Shi Yu began to retract Chi Tong and summon a new pet.

“Mi???? (This is it…)”

As Shi Yu’s voice fell, Little Chi Tong’s figure began to disappear from the ground. At the same time, a new array appeared.

In the next moment, a small pet less than 0.3 meters walked out of the green array.

“Yiya.”

When this pet appeared and sensed the hot aura of the arena, it frowned and snorted before looking at its opponent.

Where was the opponent?

Baby Ginseng raised its gaze.

“Yiya, Yiya, Yi!” It was extremely domineering.

It was so domineering that the entire place became extremely quiet.

Everyone: “?”

Yin Zhengfan and the Zonyan Rock Beast’s expressions changed.

Zhang Yiming’s expression also changed.

Baby Ginseng?

What a joke!

Using a ginseng baby to fight a Zonyan Rock Beast?

Was he crazy?

“It’s also very strong,” Shi Yu explained again when he realized Yin Zhengfan’s incomprehensible gaze.

“Holy shit.”

Only the people from Ancient Capital University and the others knew the strength of this ginseng baby. However, even they were completely stunned when they looked at the huge battle screen.

Soon, others also saw the information displayed on the huge screen.

[Race Name]: Ginseng Baby

[Level of Growth]: Commander Level

[Energy Points]: 10,3006…

100,000!

The huge number stunned everyone.

Including the seniors from Ancient Capital University. They knew that this ginseng baby was very strong, but… they didn’t expect it to be so ridiculously strong.

Even an overlord race, commander rank, didn’t have this energy value!!!

“Impossible.”

“This is definitely impossible!!”

The judge, Zhang Yiming, stood up and looked at the machine in confusion. So, the machine was definitely broken. It was indeed broken.

“100,000?”

“1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6… Damn, it’s a six-digit number.”

“What’s going on?”

“Is this scientific?”

“Quasi monarch-level ginseng baby??”

In the arena, Yin Zhengfan was confused. He also took a look at the battle screen. With this look, his gaze instantly became absent-minded again.

It felt that it was even more unscientific than seeing the transcendent sword spirit with 10,000 energy points just now.

Baby Ginseng, wasn’t it a transcendent race?

Wasn’t the energy value of a transcendent race and commander rank less than 20,000?

Even if the ginseng baby race was more energetic, but… but…

Yin Zhengfan stared at the battle screen blankly and suddenly shook his head, rubbing his eyes.

The Zonyan Rock Beast also turned around and counted the energy level. Then, it was stunned on the spot halfway through.

This little guy in front of him had twice its energy?

“Stop looking. Its energy value is indeed 100,000,” Shi Yu said.

“100,000?” Yin Zhengfan asked with a panting tone.

“Yi!” Baby Ginseng nodded. It was average, third in the team.

100,000?!

At this moment, Yin Zhengfan looked at the little ginseng baby and at the big Zonyan Rock Beast. Compared to their race level, his mind was in a mess. He started to doubt his life and couldn’t understand until his worldview started to collapse… He knew very well what he had done these four months, but what exactly had happened to Shi Yu these four months!!

…

At the same time.

Tang Yun, a member of the Imperial Capital University team, successfully slipped out of the venue.

Her face was red and she was a little nervous.

Professor Fang Lin was too difficult to deal with. She had to coax and coax for a long time before she successfully escaped.

Next, it was time to do business.

Go to school and pass the information!

“Alright, I’ve successfully escaped. Now, I’ll go to the battle club to find Zhengfan and tell him about Shi Yu and the Butterfly of Imagination!”

“We can’t fight him. That butterfly is too scary.”

…