Chapter 214 - Chi Tong Battle

Outside the capital’s main school.

The students of Ancient Capital University looked at Yin Zhengfan silently.

The atmosphere made Yin Zhengfan feel that something was wrong.

White Brook said, “Challenge Shi Yu?”

“I don’t think so.”

Although she had brought Shi Yu here to sweep through Imperial Capital University…

Generally speaking, Yin Zhengfan was also a member of Imperial Capital University.

However, it was too cruel to start with a child.

Although Yin Zhengfan was a genius, with his age placed here, winning was meaningless.

“Shi Yu has become very strong now…”

The elders in White Brook’s family also knew Yin Legend. She felt that there was no need to let Yin Zhengfan get burned.

Therefore, she tried to persuade her with a smile.

“Has he become very strong?”

When Yin Zhengfan heard that, he looked like he had expected it.

It was abnormal for a person like Shi Yu to stop.

He was already prepared that Shi Yu’s Iron-eating Beast had already evolved into the Nine Li Battle Beast of a monarch race.

He was already prepared for Shi Yu’s Green Silkworm to evolve into a pseudo monarch race that was not inferior to the Space Crystal Butterfly.

But even so, he was not afraid at all.

He was no longer the Yin Zhengfan from four months ago.

Just as Yin Zhengrong said, with the Beast Taming Space strengthening talent, the more resources there were, the stronger it was.

Compared to the vocation assessment, Yin Zhengfan had already started to develop the power of his talent.

After university, his Beast Taming Space broke through to level three and he became an intermediate Beast Tamer.

Originally, the upper limit of a normal intermediate-level Beast Tamer’s contracted pet was three. The upper limit of his pets’ growth level was also transcendent.

However, due to Yin Zhengfan’s Beast Taming Space strengthening talent, the upper limit of his current contracted pet had reached six, twice that of a Beast Tamer of the same level!

The upper limit of his pets’ growth level was not as simple as transcendent level, but commander level.

This was the power of the Beast Taming Space’s strengthening talent.

Now, Yin Zhengfan had already contracted four pets, and two of them had even broken through to the commander rank.

This change in strength made Yin Zhengfan’s confidence increase greatly.

Not only was his strength one of the best among the new students of Imperial Capital University, but he could also fight against some older students.

Even the team leader of the Imperial Capital University, the powerful man who had led Imperial Capital University to win the national championship, praised his progress and hard work, as well as acknowledged his current strength. Yin Zhengfan felt that the current Shi Yu was definitely not his match.

Because the current Shi Yu definitely couldn’t have a commander rank pet.

“It’s alright, because I’ve become stronger too.”

Yin Zhengfan looked at White Brook seriously and revealed a confident expression.

He was already a little glad to have come to Imperial Capital University.

Because after coming here, he realized that there were even geniuses stronger than Shi Yu.

This atmosphere was spurring his growth at all times.

Ancient Capital University, ranked sixth in the National League, was completely different from the first ranked Imperial Capital University in terms of battle strength.

“Uh.”

“Why aren’t you listening?”

At this moment, everyone from Ancient Capital University didn’t know what to say.

After all, they couldn’t expose Shi Yu’s information to the enemy school now, right?

“What are you doing? Why are you all gathered here?”

At this moment, a voice sounded.

Shi Yu’s arrival was faster than everyone imagined.

At this moment, Shi Yu arrived at Imperial Capital University without even changing his research clothes.

Shi Yu’s voice sounded, and everyone turned to look at him.

Yin Zhengfan also looked over.

After he saw Shi Yu, Shi Yu’s gaze also landed on Yin Zhengfan.

“Shi Yu…” Yin Zhengfan opened his mouth slightly.

“Uh, Yin Zhengfan?” Shi Yu discovered Yin Zhengfan from the crowd and immediately revealed a shocked expression.

“Why are you here?”

White Brook: “He’s waiting for you.”

“Waiting for me?”

“Yes, yes.” The seniors of Ancient Capital University nodded.

“Why are you waiting for me?” Shi Yu was stunned.

“Shi Yu, can you fight me?”

“I heard from Senior White Brook that you’ve become much stronger.”

“And I’m no longer the same me as before.”

“I’m really happy to see you in the exchange team of Ancient Capital University.”

Yin Zhengfan looked at Shi Yu with a burning gaze and said, “Actually, ever since the vocation assessment ended, I’ve been thinking about when I can surpass you. For this, I came to Imperial Capital University to study. I hope to use the pressure here to grow quickly.”

“Now, I think I already have the strength to surpass you.”

Shi Yu opened his mouth slightly and looked at Yin Zhengfan.

“Can I?” Yin Zhengfan said in anticipation, afraid that Shi Yu would refuse.

“Imperial Capital University has a special battlefield,” he said. “Please.”

“Are you sure? You definitely can’t defeat me.” Shi Yu was speechless.

“It’s only been four months, and you want to surpass me?”

“I’m serious,” Yin Zhengfan said. “I’m also very surprised that I can improve so much in four months.”

“Are you willing to fight and see? Don’t tell me you’re afraid?” Because Yin Zhengfan, being a little cutie, was too anxious… He actually used reverse psychology.

“This… Alright then,” Shi Yu couldn’t withstand Yin Zhengfan’s yearning gaze and replied helplessly.

Sigh, children had a strong desire to win.

Forget it, it was fine even if they fought.

In Shi Yu’s opinion, no matter how much Yin Zhengfan improved, it was impossible for him to be stronger than his current self.

Otherwise, Eleven, Buggy, and the others could find a random Slime and kill themselves.

Shi Yu would also kill himself from the guilt of letting down the resources he had used.

Alright, then he wanted to see how much Yin Zhengfan had improved during this period.

“Ah, do you want to fight?”

“Fight now?”

As Shi Yu and Yin Zhengfan spoke, the students from Ancient Capital University were shocked.

It wasn’t the time for the exchange between the two schools yet.

Although Yin Zhengfan didn’t seem to be an official member of the battle club at Imperial Capital University… There was no need to care about this, was it really alright for Shi Yu to make a move now?

“It’s alright, it’s a simple exchange.” Shi Yu didn’t plan on sending the main force.

“Then I’ll bring you to the battlefield.” Yin Zhengfan couldn’t wait.

“Follow me.” With that, he wanted to lead the way.

“Alright.” Shi Yu nodded and followed behind Yin Zhengfan.

The other students of Ancient Capital University looked at each other.

Damn.

It was over.

Another teenager was going to lose his dream.

They could still remember the collapsed expression of that glorious Beast Tamer from Rongguang.

“Cough, let’s go take a look too.”

“Let’s go together.”

“Watch?? We haven’t registered at the school yet. Come with me after registering. Let them go over first,” White Brook said angrily.

…

At the third battle hall of Imperial Capital University.

It was still very lively around noon.

Shi Yu followed Yin Zhengfan over.

After arriving, Shi Yu was immediately stunned.

Damn it, not only was this university’s battlefield hall more luxurious than Ancient Capital University, but it also looked more luxurious than the venues for the Ancient Capital vocation assessment and vocation promotion assessment!

After entering the venue, the huge venue was divided into several areas. Each area had a huge screen.

On the screen, the names, levels, and current progress of the pets on both sides appeared to be very high-level.

“Over here,” Yin Zhengfan said to Shi Yu.

At this moment, about six to seven of the twenty venues in the venue were being used, but there were quite a lot of onlookers.

Yin Zhengfan brought Shi Yu to an empty venue. During this process, Shi Yu and the others bumped into a young man.

“Yo, isn’t this Zhengfan?” The hedgehog-headed young man saw Yin Zhengfan and greeted with a smile.

“Senior Zhang,” Yin Zhengfan said in surprise.

“A fight?” Senior Zhang said with a smile. He looked at Shi Yu, who was wearing a white coat behind Yin Zhengfan…

He didn’t know him…

“This is?”

Were they students from the Feeding Department, Research Department, or Medical Department?

He subconsciously treated Shi Yu as a student from Imperial Capital University. It was Yin Zhengfan who pulled him in for the battle.

“Ancient Capital University, Shi Yu.” Shi Yu smiled and introduced himself. “I came with the Ancient Capital University exchange team this time.”

After he introduced himself, Senior Zhang was stunned.

Holy shit.

Ancient Capital University’s exchange team?

Why did he come here to fight Yin Zhengfan?

What was going on? What was going on?

“We’re friends. I invited him to battle,” Yin Zhengfan said.

“This is Senior Zhang Yiming from the Battle Club of Imperial Capital University.” With that said, he introduced him to Shi Yu.

“Hello, Senior Zhang,” Shi Yu said with a smile. From the battle club of Imperial Capital University?

An opponent in two days?

“Hello.” Zhang Yiming was stunned and nodded. He kept feeling that the name Shi Yu was a little familiar.

He thought about it carefully and his expression changed slightly.

Because a little genius Yin Zhengfan came, the members of the battle club of Imperial Capital University had some understanding of the vocation assessment in Ancient Capital.

Among them, many students still had some impression of Shi Yu, who had defeated Yin Zhengfan and was bestowed the title of Iron-eating Beast Knight and discovered the evolution of the Iron-eating Beast.

After Senior Zhang Yiming recalled for a moment, he said in surprise, “You’re the top scholar of the Ancient Capital vocation assessment this year, Shi Yu?”

After asking, he quickly looked at Yin Zhengfan.

“That’s right, it’s me.” Shi Yu nodded.

Yin Zhengfan nodded too.

In an instant, Zhang Yiming’s expression was rich. Good lord.

It was no secret that Yin Zhengfan had lost to Shi Yu before. Tang Yun knew, and so did Zhang Yiming. Seeing Yin Zhengfan suddenly dragging Shi Yu to Imperial Capital University to fight in the battlefield hall, he instantly imagined countless scenes of love and murder.

He had just thought that Shi Yu was the main force of the Ancient Capital University’s exchange team. It turned out that he was a new student from Ancient Capital University who had come to broaden his horizons.

Interesting…

“I’ll be your judge. How about that?”

Out of curiosity about the Iron-eating Beast Knight, Zhang Yiming recommended himself.

He was very curious about what kind of Beast Tamer had defeated the little genius of Imperial Capital University, Yin Zhengfan.

He was even more curious about the strength of the new students brought by the Ancient Capital University’s exchange team. Was it comparable to the reserve members of the Imperial Capital University team?

“Really? Then thank you, Senior,” Yin Zhengfan said.

This saved him the trouble of looking for other judges.

“It’s no big deal. Junior Zhengfan, Student Shi Yu, come on.” Zhang Yiming chuckled and casually looked at the arena beside him. “Let’s go to venue 11.”

Shi Yu :”…”

“No problem.” Yin Zhengfan nodded.

Imperial Capital University, battlefield hall 3, venue 11.

After stepping onto the arena, Zhang Yiming licked his lips and continued to climb onto the judge’s platform. He sat on it and activated the battle facilities.

The next moment, the big screen in front of the battlefield lit up. He said to Yin Zhengfan and Shi Yu below, “What are the rules?”

Shi Yu looked at Yin Zhengfan and said, “You decide.”

Yin Zhengfan thought for a moment and said, “Well, have you advanced to intermediate Beast Tamer?”

Shi Yu smiled. “What do you think?”

“I advanced to an intermediate Beast Tamer three months ago.” Shi Yu said.

Shi Yu advanced once more half a month ago…

Yin Zhengfan showed an “as expected” expression and said, “Then you should also have contracted a third pet.”

“Yes.” Shi Yu nodded.

“How about a 3VS3 solo?” Yin Zhengfan asked.

“Sure.” Shi Yu nodded again.

Zhang Yiming heard the rest of the words. 3VS3 solo. Alright, the settings were completed.

At this moment, looking at Shi Yu, Yin Zhengfan took a deep breath and said, “Then I’ll go to the red side.”

With that, he walked towards the red safety area of the huge arena.

Shi Yu took a look and walked towards the blue safe area behind.

A moment later, Shi Yu and Yin Zhengfan stood on both sides of the arena.

At the same time, the commotion here also gradually attracted the surrounding students of the Imperial Capital University, making them look over.

“Eh, isn’t that Yin Legend’s son?”

“The youngest member of the battle club, Yin Zhengfan.”

“He’s here to fight.”

Yin Zhengfan was also a famous figure in Imperial Capital University. As they discovered that he had come here to battle, many Beast Tamers in the battlefield hall were attracted.

“Who’s fighting Yin Zhengfan?”

“I don’t know, but that person on the judge’s seat is Senior Zhang from the battle club?”

Amidst the commotion, many people came over.

At this moment, Yin Zhengfan and Shi Yu had already summoned their pets under Zhang Yiming’s instructions.

Hu hu hu ~ ~

As the two of them activated the Beast Taming Space, a strong wind rose, and countless light spots flickered on the arena.

The light dots quickly connected into a trajectory, forming a huge circular array that looked like a star map.

On Yin Zhengfan’s side, there was a pure white summoning array. On the array, a huge lizard-like creature made of yellow sand, three meters tall, covered in black patterns, appeared. It looked like a two-legged creature. Sand ropes made of yellow sand surrounded it, and its pitch-black sunken eyes were filled with ferocity.

“Roar!!” The giant beast roared.

At this moment, the screen on the battlefield, under the red team lineup, had already displayed the pet’s profile picture and information.

[Race Name]: Desert Lord

[Level of Growth]: transcendent

[Energy Points]: 5940

Seeing this pet, many people exclaimed.

Although the information displayed on the battle screen was very simple, everyone knew what kind of creature it was.

Element!

High-level monarch race!

The monarch of the desert!

It was an absolutely powerful top-grade pet in the earth element.

Yin Zhengfan was young, and as an intermediate Beast Tamer, he had contracted such a top-notch pet. Countless people were envious.

“I remember that Junior Yin’s trump card pet is the Zonyan Rock Beast.”

“Another monarch pet?”

“It’s good to be rich.”

“What’s the opponent’s pet?”

Seeing Yin Zhengfan’s pet, everyone started to pay attention to Shi Yu.

As the attention arrived, soon, everyone’s gazes changed in unison, including Zhang Yiming, Yin Zhengfan, and everyone around the venue.

Especially Yin Zhengfan and Zhang Yiming, they looked at Shi Yu’s summoning array in disbelief.

It was a summoning array filled with a faint green light. It floated in the air like that. Seeing the color of this summoning array, Yin Zhengfan’s eyes widened in confusion.

Colorless, gray, white, green, blue, purple… The green summoning pattern was ranked fourth, corresponding to… high-level Beast Tamer…

Looking at the summoning array that was one level higher than his own level and sensing the powerful energy fluctuations coming from inside, Yin Zhengfan looked at Shi Yu in disbelief.

“Aren’t you an intermediate Beast Tamer…”

“I became an intermediate Beast Tamer three months ago. Half a month ago, I accidentally broke through to advanced again.” Shi Yu chuckled.

Yin Zhengfan: “?”

Zhang Yiming: “?”

“How is that possible?” Yin Zhengfan shook his head suddenly.

Although his Beast Taming Space was more difficult to cultivate than the Beast Taming Space of ordinary Beast Tamers, it didn’t make sense for Shi Yu to exceed his level in the same cultivation time.

After all, more than 99% of university graduates, including students from Imperial Capital University, were only high-level Beast Tamers when they graduated.

In an instant, Yin Zhengfan’s heart was in chaos. He couldn’t understand Shi Yu’s improvement speed.

“What are you…” Yin Zhengfan looked at Shi Yu.

He realized that Shi Yu was still so sick. It didn’t make sense!

However, he didn’t give up.

Although he was only an intermediate Beast Tamer, due to his special talent, he also had commander-level pets like high-level Beast Tamers. It was just that he didn’t directly send them out!

At most, he would change pets now!

“Don’t worry, I also summoned an transcendent pet,” Shi Yu said when he saw Yin Zhengfan’s angry expression.

This boy really didn’t even know his own situation and came to challenge blindly.

“You sent out a transcendent? Not a commander rank?” Yin Zhengfan was stunned.

At this moment, a red light flashed from the inside of Shi Yu’s summoning array. In the next moment, a red sword spirit wrapped in red flames flew out.

Little Chi Tong was overjoyed. After all, this was the first time Shi Yu had called it out to battle a Beast Tamer.

Boom!

The moment it appeared, the desert monarch opposite instantly felt a burning heat sweep over.

Moreover, the Sword Spirit itself was like a terrifying heat source, spreading strong heat waves like a continuous volcano eruption.

In an instant, Yin Zhengfan and the desert monarch’s expressions changed. They sensed the terrifying power of their opponent head-on.

“Roar!!!”

The desert monarch roared. It felt that the power on the other side was at least twice its own.

Yin Zhengfan’s gaze was extremely solemn. “You… call this transcendent?”

However, at this moment, Chi Tong’s level was really displayed on the battle screen.

[Race Name]: Sword Spirit (No detailed classification information for now)

[Level of Growth]: transcendent

[Energy Points]: 11808

Well… although the total energy of the little sword spirit was high, its quality had yet to reach the commander rank standard, so such a strange value appeared in front of him.

“Look at the battle screen if you don’t believe me,” Shi Yu said.

Everyone looked over.

Transcendent… Energy Points… 11808…

Yin Zhengfan: “?”

Everyone: w(゚Д゚)w

Damn, what the f*ck?

At this moment, Yin Zhengfan revealed an incredulous expression again.

At the judge’s seat, Senior Zhang Yiming from the Battle Club of Imperial Capital University was also shocked, his gaze incredulous.

“What the hell?”

Shi Yu, this new student’s Beast Taming level, had reached level four. This already shocked him greatly and made him unable to understand.

At this moment, the pet Shi Yu summoned made him lose his ability to think.

Transcendent-level… more than 10,000 energy points?

Was he joking around?! 10,000, this was the standard for commander ranks of transcendent races!!

This guy was trying to say that this transcendent pet has reached the energy value of a commander-level pet??