Chapter 210 - The Eve Of The Feeding Conference

That day, Shi Yu and the others arrived at the capital.

There were 33 teams for the Feeding Conference this time, not many.

The threshold of this meeting was relatively high.

Only the Feeding Association’s recognized feeding institutions, such as the nine major universities’ Feeding Department, the Feeding Research Team of well-known businesses, or the Feeding Team established by some famous Feeding Masters were qualified to register.

For example, although Ancient Capital University wasn’t famous for the Feeding Department, it was still a top-notch educational institution. It definitely signed up successfully without any pressure.

But if an unknown individual feeder wanted to show off the results of the feeding, the procedures would be complicated.

He would have to apply to the Feeding Association a month in advance. The judge, after feeling that after the feed results reached the standard, would decide that he could display the feed results with these top-level feed institutions and compete for the top resources provided by the third bureau.

This was also to screen some casual research enthusiasts. If there was no threshold for participation, the value of this Feeding Conference would be too low. Perhaps someone would develop a new type of dog food and eagerly come to participate.

At this moment, in an office in the Feeding Association building, the current president of the Feeding Association and a member of the third bureau, a man in a gray suit yawned and took the display list sent by his assistant.

The Feeding Conference was a competition organized by the third bureau. The reason for doing this competition was also very simple. Although the elites of the Feeding World were all in the third bureau, the intelligence of individuals was undoubtedly small compared to the intelligence of groups. By taking out rewards and letting some individuals and collectively display the results of the feeding research, it could also provide some ideas in their research direction.

Almost every year, the third bureau would start a certain amount of cooperation with some feed institutions through the Feeding Conference. Both parties would benefit from each other and promote the active development of Dong Huang’s feeding domain.

“There aren’t any new results this year.” He roughly glanced at the list.

New nutritional drinks?

Mixed spiritual plants?

Mutated tree fruit?

High-rank pet fertility medicine?

There was also the new evolution form of the Green Silkworm…

Although these feed results were definitely innovative and had good effects, in terms of type, they were still the same. They were still in a fixed field. No one created a new research direction.

Although it was not bad to study the existing domain in depth… The third bureau was actually to see the emergence of new domains.

“President, look, the participating team of Ancient Capital University…” The male assistant said,” It’s very strange. ”

“Eh?” The president of the Feeding Association, Ye Hui, first took a look at the results of the Feeding Research at Ancient Capital University… The Green Silkworm had a new evolution form?

There was nothing new…

However, as he saw the members’ configuration of the research team, his expression changed slightly.

The person-in-charge: Shi Yu.

Members: Hua Xiajin, Zuo Xiaoei, Xia Qingwei.

“This is…”

Hua Xiajin, Zuo Xiao’e, he was familiar with these two names.

Hua Xiajin was a legendary Beast Tamer. Although not all Beast Tamers knew his name, he was definitely not unfamiliar with someone of his status.

As for Dr. Zuo Xiao’e, there was even less of a need to say. She was a famous doctor in the Feeding World. She specialized in the research of the Worm Department and had studied the evolution form of a large number of Green Silkworms. She was at the highest level of a monarch race!

The problem was that Legend Hua was a legendary Beast Tamer in Divine Capital. Dr. Zuo was a professor at Demon Capital University. Why did they all go to Ancient Capital University!

He knew why his assistant wanted him to watch this team. The configuration was too strange. The in-charge… Shi Yu, who was this? He kept feeling that he had heard of it somewhere.

Ye Hui stared at it carefully for a while and contacted the research results of this feeding. A moment later, he was suddenly stunned.

That newcomer from Bureau 11 who had a pet that evolved into a middle-level overlord race, the Butterfly of Imagination, and cultivated a strange green cocoon pet?

“Sure, this kid, I see.” He thought for a moment and immediately understood.

This newcomer from Bureau 11 could actually let a legendary Beast Tamer and a famous doctor assist in research. Ridiculous, why didn’t such a genius newcomer appear in the third bureau? Speaking of which, why didn’t the other party do his archeology since that was his field? Now that he had entered the Feeding World, President Ye Hui fell into deep thought.

“By the way, adjust their display order forward.”

“I’m a little curious. What did they create on that foundation…”

…

“We’re finally here.”

On the other side, in the huge hotel prepared by the Feeding Association for the 33 exhibition teams, Shi Yu came to his room exhausted and fell onto the bed.

Although he had been riding a fighter aircraft the whole way, it was quite tiring. Shi Yu finally understood why Dean Hao’s Secret Meteorite had so many seats. It was because this mechanical life form could actually be driven using the energy of many people. Dean Hao jokingly let Shi Yu try it. After Shi Yu really tried, he was directly drained out of a lot of energy.

Dean Hao said that at the moment, many large mechanical lives in the country were like this. Although they were mainly made up of one Beast Tamer, they could be strengthened by multiple people. This was the main development direction of mechanical lives at the moment, and it could maximize the gathering of the power of some idle Beast Tamers.

If another war really happened, they wouldn’t be able to count on Beast Tamers below the Legendary level to change the situation. It would be pretty good if they could protect themselves.

But if there was a kind of overlord-level mechanical life form that could gather the power of thousands of low-level Beast Tamers and condense their power into one, that low-level Beast Tamer would also have the ability to change the battle.

When ten thousand Beast Tamers with thunder-element strengthening talent strengthened a battleship together and fired a huge thunder-element cannon, the power would definitely be stronger than a Beast Tamer strengthening alone.

The malleability of mechanical lives was also the reason why various countries developed it.

“I’ve also flown a fighter plane before… Although I didn’t get to shoot the cannon on the way…”

Just as Shi Yu was thinking about what his mechanical life pet would be like, there was a knock on the door.

“Shi Yu.” Xia Qingwei’s voice sounded along with the thumps.

“Little Xia, what’s wrong?” Shi Yu stretched and opened the door. He looked at the research assistant in a blue dress.

“Are you going to eat? My mom asked me to call you.” Xia Qingwei was annoyed. She was a little famous in Demon Capital University, an influential figure in the Demon University team. When she arrived at Ancient Capital University, she was directly reduced to Little Xia. The key was that Xia Qingwei couldn’t have a temper, because regardless of strength or feeding, she was crushed by Shi Yu.

“The hotel has a buffet. You can eat all three meals there.”

“Did Auntie Zuo and the others go?” Shi Yu asked.

“My mom and Aunt Hua said they were going to see a friend. It’s just the two of us.”

“I’m not hungry. You go,” Shi Yu said.

Xia Qingwei: “?”

Shi Yu had already eaten the nutrient fruit of the ginseng baby. He was no longer hungry, but the after-effect was a little strong. He only wanted to lie down and sleep now.

“Alright.” Xia Qingwei didn’t invite him anymore. She said, “If you’re hungry, go yourself. Remember to stay on the tenth floor.”

“Alright, thank you.” After Shi Yu sent Xia Qingwei away, he prepared to rest well and welcome the exhibition tomorrow. He first took out the research suit gifted by Principal Feng and planned to change his Fire Demon coat into this next.

This research suit should be the same as Senior Lu’s. According to Principal Feng, it was made of the top-notch level-six material. It was very expensive and had multiple effects such as spiritual and soul strengthening.

After preparing the clothes, Shi Yu yawned and took a last look at the situation in the ruins space.

Eleven was practicing the combination skill with the Giant Transformation skill as the core.

After Shi Yu pointed Eleven’s Giant Transformation to “Dao Proficiency”, apart from turning Eleven into a hundred-meter-tall beast, the greatest change was that it had the special ability of Giant Transformation.

It was roughly reflected that if Eleven released the Thunder Palm, it could completely erupt with more power at the standard of enlarging. With its one-meter body, it could slap a huge Thunder Palm 100 meters in diameter away from itself and crush the enemy, allowing the skill to exceed the original upper limit.

Shi Yu named it: Giant Transformation Skill.

Compared to releasing a skill after the transformation, the difference was that the energy consumption was much smaller, but the power was not much different.

Not only did it retain the flexibility of the small body, but it also obtained the explosive power of the enlarged body.

Compared to the hardworking Eleven, Little Chi Tong was very comfortable. It lay on the ice pile and roasted the yam nutritional supplements that Baby Ginseng had prepared for it. It looked at Buggy and Baby Ginseng, who were researching new combination tactics, freely.

“Wu!” Buggy and Baby Ginseng argued.

It believed that it should seal the enemy in the spatial shackles and then use Instant Transmission to transfer the large number of explosive energy fruits created by Baby Ginseng into the sealed space. Finally, they would detonate the spatial and energy fruits at the same time. Only then would the power be sufficient. It could be said to be “Invincible Wuji”, the strongest strategy!

“Yi!” However, Baby Ginseng felt that this was too cruel and too utilitarian. It wasn’t suitable for ordinary battles. Apart from Eleven, there shouldn’t be any opponent who could withstand it. It was better to use some handsome tactics.

For example, the “Yiji Array Enemy Bombardment Tactic”. They directly flew into the sky and threw the Energy Fruit Bombs to bombard it.

Shi Yu could tell that Baby Ginseng was doing this on purpose. It wanted to fly. Otherwise, both Eleven and it could match a bunch of dirty tactics with the all-purpose support worm. It seemed like it was the only one in the team who couldn’t fly…

“Sleep…” Shi Yu no longer worried about his pets and collapsed.

…

The next morning.

Shi Yu put on his research suit. Although it was unnecessary, it was better to wear normal and formal clothes on this occasion.

“How was your rest?” Early in the morning, after Shi Yu, Dr. Zuo, Legend Hua, and the others met, they were asked.

“It’s alright.” Shi Yu smiled. Now, he belonged to the category of people who could sleep soundly anywhere.

“That’s good. Let’s go have breakfast first and go over as soon as possible. The meet starts at 8. We’re the second show. We have to prepare in advance,” said Legend Hua.

The few of them chatted as they headed to the hotel’s buffet level. Apart from Shi Yu and the others, many of the other members of the Feeding Team were also eating here.

After Shi Yu arrived, he casually took a cup of milk and a plate of pastries. He was actually still not very hungry… Baby Ginseng’s nutritional supplements were getting stronger and stronger.

With the plate in hand, Shi Yu found a place to sit.

“Cough, cough, cough.” However, he had not sat for long when the simple milk and pastry nearly choked Shi Yu. This was because he suddenly saw a young man with an eye on his forehead walk past him and was suddenly shocked.

Shi Yu looked over in a daze. At this moment, Xia Qingwei had just finished preparing breakfast. She took a look and said, “It’s a three-eyed hybrid.”

“Hybrid,” Shi Yu whispered.

“Yes, it’s a hybrid with a bloodline that’s inclined towards humans.” Xia Qingwei nodded and said, “The humans of the three-eyed race can also open up the Beast Taming Space and become Beast Tamers. However, their Beast Taming Talent is uniform. It’s that third eye. Its effect is similar to the Heavenly Eye. It’s a high-level skill with super vision. It’s a special reconnaissance talent. It’s said that there’s also a way to see through the pet’s potential.”

“Sigh ~” This was the first time Shi Yu had seen a living hybrid.

In person, at least.

There were actually two types of mixed blood.

One was a human who mainly had the bloodline of other creatures. Such a human could still open up the Beast Taming Space, such as General Mu Huiyin, the empress, and the three-eyed human just now.

The other type was the bloodline of transcendent creatures that had a small portion of human blood.

They were called human-type pets compared to creatures that didn’t have human bloodlines but looked similar to humans.

These types of creatures did not have the Beast Taming Space, but they had various skills, so they could be contracted by the Beast Tamer as pets. It was considered a side door pet classification that was different from elements, plants, undead, and machinery.

According to what Shi Yu knew, the mermaids in the sea, the Dragon Palace City Dragon Girl, the werewolves, vampires, and even the legendary angels in the west were all humanoid creatures that could be contracted as pets. He just didn’t know if these claims were true.

The mermaids were alright. Senior Lu seemed to have contracted a mermaid princess to explore the underwater ruins. As for the others, especially things like angels, it was really difficult to determine if they were real or fake.

“Eat quickly,” Xia Qingwei said. Shi Yu immediately stuffed all the pastries into his mouth.

If he remembered correctly, there seemed to be a bureau in Division 13 that was specially set up for the hybrids?

From his conversation with Principal Feng, he learned that the overall battle power didn’t seem to be weak.

…

When Yu and the others arrived at the venue, a group of people had already gathered here.

However, unlike the battle competitions of the National League, the people who came to the Feeding Conference were all industry insiders. They invited some powerful Beast Tamers and Feeders, and not just anyone could buy a ticket to come in and watch.

Therefore, in the entire venue, including the audience, there might not be more than two thousand people. It was less people than a single high school that had a parent day event.

On the Ancient Capital University seats, Principal Feng, Dean Hao, and the others had long been sitting and waiting. Some experts and professors from the Feeding Department of Ancient Capital University also came.

Initially, apart from the evolution of the iron-eating beasts, Ancient Capital University didn’t have any outstanding research results this year. The research of the Green Silkworm Cocoon could be said to be a timely help for Ancient Capital University. Otherwise, the Feeding Department of Ancient Capital University this year would definitely be at the bottom again, or they would give up competing.

“Let’s go over.”

“Qingwei, cooperate with Shi Yu later. Don’t be nervous.” As Shi Yu and the others walked towards their seats, Dr. Zuo said to Xia Qingwei.

“I understand,” Xia Qingwei said with a nod.

There were more people in the National League than this, so she wasn’t nervous. What was there to be nervous about?

Although that was the case… Xia Qingwei was still a little nervous. As a student of Demon Capital University, was it reasonable for her to support the students of Ancient Capital University in participating in the conference… She glanced at the seats of the Demon University and felt a little guilty.

Beside her, Legend Hua had a smile on her face. Over the past few days, Dr. Zuo had been squeezing Xia Qingwei dry. However, anyone with eyes could tell that she was helping Xia Qingwei. Even if she only contributed a little during the process, it would be very helpful for her future development.

“We’re the second… Then which feeding team is the first to showcase?” Shi Yu asked as soon as he sat down.

As the leader of the Feeding Team of Ancient Capital University… After he came here yesterday, he slept directly until night…

“I remember it’s… Imperial Capital University?” Legend Hua thought for a moment and said, “Well, it should be Imperial Capital University.”

“Their Feeding Department seems to be pretty strong…”

“But there’s definitely no one who can compete with us this time.”

Imperial Capital and Demon Capital were schools without any shortcomings. Apart from the battle specialization, their other specializations were also strong.

“Imperial Capital?”

Shi Yu was stunned. What a coincidence.. He still had to go to Imperial Capital University to have a battle exchange later. He didn’t expect to see the feeding results of Imperial Capital University before that…