Chapter 212 - Shi Yu’S Dream

Chapter 212: Shi Yu’s Dream

It evolved again!

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Under everyone’s shocked expressions, with a boom, a white butterfly that was not much different from the previous Crystal Thought Butterfly broke out of the cocoon! Its white compound eyes became even larger, and the energy fluctuations all over its body became even stronger!

From the aura, it was much stronger than the previous one!

“This is…!”

On the big screen, the information on this evolution form was displayed.

[Name]: White-Eyed Butterfly

[Attributes]: Spirit

[Race Level]: Low-level Commander

[Level of Growth]: transcendent

[Race Skill]: Worm Silk, Psychic, Psychic Powder, Absolute Sleep, Super Sight

[Energy Points]: 1001

[Evolution Materials Cost]: 100,000

Everyone looked at the information and opened their mouths slightly again.

Looking at the unchanged “evolution materials cost” and “race level”, they opened their mouths and widened their eyes.

“As everyone has seen, the Green Silkworm will evolve into another kind of butterfly of a low class commander species by using the same evolution material under the silk of a perfect level proficiency worm.”

“The energy level has become even greater, and it has even awakened a new reconnaissance skill, super vision. I won’t explain much here.”

At this moment, let alone the Beast Tamers below, even the three judges were slightly shocked.

The evolution ingredient hadn’t changed. It was just that the worm silk proficiency had increased by one level, and it had evolved into a low class commander race?

The increase in evolution potential in the form of the green worm cocoon was much greater than they imagined! Unbelievable!

At this moment, the members on the display at Imperial Capital University were completely speechless. However, everyone realized that the matter didn’t seem to be over.

At this moment, the green cocoon on Xia Qingwei’s right also started to emit evolution light!

Everyone held their breaths and looked over.

In an instant, the cocoon also exploded with light, but the battle array was even greater.

The strong spiritual torrent seemed to have formed a storm around the cocoon. The air rumbled, as if it was undergoing a strong vibration. Ring after ring of spiritual fluctuations like waves came from the cocoon!

With a boom, under the lingering light of evolution, a huge butterfly half a meter in size rose and flew into the sky, humming softly.

“Nn ~”

It had a white body, an even larger white compound eye, and huge light green wings. On its wings, there were white star-like spots. The spots flickered and were very dazzling.

Sensing the spiritual deterrence emitted by this butterfly, many people looked at the screen nervously. As expected, new content appeared.

[Name]: White Star Butterfly

[Attributes]: Spirit

[Race Level]: Low-level Monarch

[Level of Growth]: transcendent

[Race Skill]: Worm Silk, Psychic, Psychic Powder, Absolute Sleep, Super Sight, Psychic Shock (Super Level)

[Energy Points]: 2989

[Evolution Materials Cost]: 100,000

At this moment, the entire place was incomparably quiet. There were only rapid breaths and low cries of disbelief.

How was this possible?

They… weren’t seeing things, right?

Low-level monarch race???

This was not the key. The key was… the cost of the evolution materials!!

100,000!

It was still 100,000!!!

How was this possible!!!

The three judges also revealed shocked expressions.

Shi Yu coughed dryly and said, “As everyone has seen, with the same evolution materials, the green cocoon will evolve into the White Star Butterfly of a low-level monarch race. Well, I named all three of them.”

“Now, everyone should know the effect of the Green Silkworm cocoon, this transition race, on the increase in the Green Silkworm’s potential, right?”

“In addition, because it’s conscious, the success rate of breaking out of the cocoon is very high… Up until now, from our research, it’s still 100 %…”

Everyone didn’t know what to say. They stood there numbly.

Although the possibility of the transcendent-level worm silk evolving into a monarch race had been verified by Dr. Zuo, that was using phoenix materials.

Right now, just 100,000 yuan of cheap materials had allowed it to evolve into a low-level monarch race?!

The form of the green worm cocoon = Phoenix Race materials?

White-Eyed Butterfly, White Star Butterfly!

This was the subsequent research results of Shi Yu and the others!

Although they had failed to join other materials to try and evolve them into a special green cocoon, the green cocoon that increased the proficiency of the worm silk gave them a huge surprise!

This directly proved the unparalleled potential of the green cocoon race.

It directly showed that this evolution plan was not only suitable for low-level Beast Tamers, but also for mid-level and upper-level Beast Tamers!

Was it difficult to reach perfection?

Of course it was difficult.

If one wanted to nurture it, the Beast Taming Space and high-level ruins of a legendary Beast Tamer were the premise.

Then, there had to be a green worm with extremely outstanding potential, one in a million.

In the end, it was possible to create a green worm that had mastered the proficient worm silk with the help of a skill teacher.

For ordinary people, it was extremely difficult.

But for the country, it was not difficult to put these conditions together. As long as there was cultivation value, large-scale feeding was simple!

In other words, at this moment, Shi Yu and the others had developed a very, very low evolution threshold, but it was extremely stable. It was the evolution channel of monarchs!

Although the lifespan of the White Star Butterfly was much lesser than other monarch races as a bug type, it was at least a monarch race!

Shi Yu continued to add, “Although I haven’t researched it yet, there should be some connection between the Crystal Thought Butterfly, White-Eyed Butterfly, and White Star Flash Butterfly. Perhaps the Crystal Thought Butterfly can still evolve into the White-Eyed Butterfly, and the White-Eyed Butterfly can also evolve into the White Star Flash Butterfly…”

As Shi Yu finished speaking, the entire venue shook again.

Indeed.

It was completely possible.

After all, this was evolved from the same evolution materials.

If that was the case, didn’t that mean that there was a certain possibility of a basic-level Beast Tamer growing into a master??

At that moment, all the feeders looked at Shi Yu with burning gazes.

It could already imagine how high this young man would stand in the Feeding World in the future.

Some feeders in the third bureau might not be famous in history, but Shi Yu definitely would be!

This was the result of feeding the country and the people!

“Is this a genius?”

Dr. Tian Xiu muttered.

Freak.

“A student like this should come to the capital to study the Feeding Department. I’m willing to teach him all my knowledge!”

Dr. Lu Qi widened his eyes and was so jealous that his teeth fell out. Damn, the Feeding Department of the Trash Ancient Capital University was worthy of such a student?

Was it appropriate to let a student carry the school?

He had already imagined how explosive the Feeding Department of Ancient Capital University would be next.

He was afraid that it would become a prestigious institute of the domestic Feeding Department.

“This kid…” Among the three judges present, only Ye Hui knew Shi Yu’s identity as Division 11. He took a deep breath. Damn it, damn it. He had originally had huge expectations for Shi Yu and the others’ feed results. Now, this outcome almost satisfied him to death.

Should it be said that Shi Yu was lucky or talented? If it was the latter, he really had great talent. Even if Shi Yu didn’t have special cultivation-type Beast Taming Talent, it was worth pulling Shi Yu to the third bureau to further his studies.

He believed that the other big bosses in the bureau wouldn’t reject such a cute newbie.

On the way to Imperial Capital University, the few members on display were completely speechless. In the end, Professor Fang Lin said, “It’s too ridiculous. Is this result really coming from a student? Is he really from the archeology Department?”

“…” Tang Yun didn’t know what to say next. She didn’t expect that the candidate Yin Zhengfan cared about was so ruthless.

Expert in battle, archeology, and Feeding?

“Professor, didn’t you say that a person’s energy is limited?” She looked at the professor.

Professor Fang: “You call that a person?”

Tang Yun was speechless.

Tang Yun had nothing to say. She looked at Shi Yu.

Originally, Imperial Capital University had gotten a 28.5 score. They should be happy now, but…

Forget it, they should be happy. After all, this feeding result could make huge contributions to Dong Huang.

But then again…

“He’s actually been studying the evolution of the Green Silkworm? In other words, he should have fallen behind in battle, right?”

“…Not only did Zhengfan contract another high-level monarch species pet, but he also used the Beast Taming Space to strengthen his talent, making the pet’s growth level ignore his own level and have a breakthrough. This talent gap shouldn’t be able to be closed, right…”

Although she was unwilling, she was still willing to believe what the professor said. There was a limit to a person’s energy.

It was impossible for Shi Yu to not miss anything while doing this crazy thing, right?

However, at this moment, just as everyone’s minds were numb, Shi Yu, this bastard, spoke again.

He said, “Next, I’ll show everyone the height of the green cocoon. Of course, I guess you could call it its potential.”

Everyone: “?”

Tang Yun:???

More??

He had already displayed the transcendent proficiency worm silk, what else was there?!

“Whether it’s the Crystal Butterfly, White-Eyed Butterfly, or the White Star Flash Butterfly, the evolution materials have never changed. However, what if other evolution materials are added?” Shi Yu chuckled.

He continued, “Although only one case has been researched so far, and it’s not replicable, this case should be able to confirm that apart from these three races, there’s also the possibility of the green cocoon evolving into another race!”

“Moreover, in theory, the more evolution materials there are, the greater the potential…”

Boom!!!

When Shi Yu finished speaking, the scene shook again. Everyone looked at Shi Yu.

Holy shit.

This kid was serious. Was he still not done?

“However, the Green Silkworm cocoon indeed has the possibility of evolving into other races. Have you all forgotten!!”

“Half a month ago, Divine Capital, Butterfly Meeting!!”

“Who still remembers the news at that time? It was after that incident that the form of the green worm cocoon was announced! Although there hasn’t been detailed racial information and there’s only one name, at that time… there was already a green worm cocoon.”

“The entire Butterfly Meeting is still presided over by Legend Hua.”

“Dr. Zuo’s daughter, Xia Qingwei, who is also the little girl on the display table, even evolved an Ice Phoenix Moth in that meeting.”

“But the limelight of that meeting was all taken by a strange cocoon…”

At this moment, someone couldn’t help but say.

Dr. Zuo, Legend Hua, Xia Qingwei, the Green Silkworm Cocoon, and all the hot topics related to the Butterfly Meeting were here.

They were all in this feed team.

Now, no matter how slow their reactions were, some people had already guessed something.

At that time, the only unknown information was who the owner of the green cocoon was.

Coupled with the configuration of this feed team, it seemed that the truth would be revealed soon.

On the display table, Shi Yu smiled at the informant. At this moment, another message appeared on the screen.

[Green Silkworm Overlord Race Evolution]

[Name]: Butterfly of Imagination

[Attributes]: Spirit, Space

[Race Level]: Medium overlord

As soon as the information was out, everyone was shocked.

They looked at Shi Yu in disbelief. Could it be…

At the same time, an extremely huge spatial ripple appeared in the sky behind Shi Yu.

A terrifying mental wave spread from it and turned into a blue airflow.

In the spatial ripples, a huge butterfly about three to four meters in size slowly appeared with a strong pressure.

It had an incomparably huge pair of wings. The entire surface of the wings was like white waves surging on the blue sea. The color and patterns were very spectacular, like a piece of art!

At this moment, a string of beautiful white halos embedded at the edge of the huge butterfly’s blue sky-like wing shone. It was very dazzling and gorgeous, and there was even a strong pressure from an overlord race sweeping in all directions. The moment it appeared, the three little butterflies that had evolved just now lingered around it like its subjects and danced.

At this moment, it really shocked most people speechless. At least half of the 2,000 people in the audience suddenly stood up and looked at this butterfly in disbelief.

A… butterfly?

The overlord butterfly born in the Butterfly Meeting half a month ago?

They looked at Shi Yu and recalled the information about the Green Worm cocoon and the entire Feeding Team. Their voices were hoarse and they couldn’t say a word.

So… the Butterfly of Imagination, the Beast Tamer of an overlord species pet… was the Shi Yu in front of him?? And not some legend?

How was that possible!

As if to confirm people’s guess, the Butterfly of Imagination slowly shrank and landed on Shi Yu’s shoulder.

This scene made the eyes of Tang Yun, a member of the Imperial Capital University battle club, explode…

That huge mental power just now… was definitely… definitely commander rank!

Overlord race, commander rank! How was this possible!

The opponent Yin Zhengfan had always wanted to defeat was this guy?

Overlord race???

In the entire Imperial Capital’s big school team, only the captain had an overlord race pet. How was this Shi Yu owning one!!

A middle-level overlord race… This huge racial advantage made Tang Yun understand that if the race level didn’t meet the standard, no pet in the commander rank would be a match for this butterfly!

Tang Yun opened her mouth slightly and felt a little nervous.

[Listen to me, don’t, fight him!]

[That kid is not human!]

[Remember, don’t fight him.]

Thinking of her cousin’s reminder, Tang Yun suddenly understood what it meant. She couldn’t help but stand up, scaring the professor beside her.

“Professor, he is indeed not human.” Tang Yun muttered.

Zhengfan should maybe stop fighting this year? She was afraid his mentality would collapse. In any case, she had already collapsed.

“…”

“…I know,” Professor Fang said.

Everyone looked at the arena again. They never expected the truth to be like this… It wasn’t scientific, but it was reasonable. With this, everyone immediately knew what was going on with this luxurious configuration.

Damn, it was Dr. Zuo and Legend Hua who came to cozy up to Shi Yu? Forget it, it still didn’t make sense!

“I’m done showing,” Shi Yu said.

On the exhibition stage, Xia Qingwei took a deep breath and pretended to be calm. He felt that Shiyu had overdone it this time. Below, Legend Hua, Dr. Zuo, Principal Feng, and the others knew why Shiyu was so ruthless… Who would have thought that everything today came from him wanting a bottle of some soil of time?

No one else would have expected this.

“I understand…”

On the judging table, President Ye Hui also took a deep breath.

“Green Worm cocoon, Thought Crystal Butterfly, White-Eyed Butterfly, White Star Flash Butterfly, Imagination Butterfly…”

“You have perfectly proven the limitless potential of the green worm cocoon form.”

“Impressive.”

He looked at the two Feeding Masters on the left and right, as if he felt that there was no need to discuss at all.

If not for the fact that the highest score was only 30 points.

They even wanted to give him a higher score!

Unsurprisingly, under the stunned expressions of everyone, Shi Yu’s team obtained a perfect score of 30 points!

This was the first time in nearly three years that a full score had appeared in the Feeding Conference!

At this moment, when he saw full marks, Shi Yu smiled. Alright, the soil of time is his!

When the others saw Shi Yu’s smile, they felt their hair stand on end. They felt that this young man was too sick. He had developed such a terrifying outcome and even contracted an overlord race pet. Was he trying to defy the heavens?

If they were totems, they would definitely shout, “This child can’t be left alive!”

Therefore, was there any suspense in the first place in this meeting?

Everyone was silent. They felt that the next participants were going to be fighting for second place.

The conference had just begun, and there was no suspense in the outcome.

Before long, all the students from Imperial Capital University, who had just obtained good results, sat down like salted fish.

If nothing went wrong, from here to the capital, the country would be shocked again.

After the evaluation ended, President Ye Hui’s love for talent appeared. He smiled at Shi Yu and said, “Let me ask you something off-topic.”

“How did you come about studying the evolution of the Green Silkworm?”

Xia Qing’s weak eyes lit up.

She knew this question, the soil of time!

At the booth, Shi Yu said seriously, “I graduated from the Feeding Department in high school. I’ve been very passionate about Feeding research since I was young.”

“After graduation, I even studied the internship experience of the Green Silkworm for three months.”

“Becoming a Beast Tamer and an archeologist is something that will happen later. My greatest dream is to be a legendary Feeder.”

Principal Feng, Legend Hua, Doctor Zuo, Xia Qingwei:???

Tang Yun:???

Everyone: “?”

What high school’s Feeding Department could nurture such a monster!

[The principal of Shi Yu’s high school in Icefield City, and the person in charge of the breeding base in Icefield City: “???”]

“Very good.” The eyes of the third member, Ye Hui, lit up.

He didn’t expect Shi Yu to have such an experience.

Wasn’t this a natural feeder?

Why did Bureau 11 intercept it?

Damn it!

Logically speaking, the telepathy talent was first a cultivation talent, followed by an archeological talent!

He thought for a moment. Shi Yu was clearly more suitable for the third bureau.

They wanted this person for the third bureau!