Chapter 219 - Invitation To The Third Round

Buggy was momentarily stunned in the air. At this moment, the bottle-sized Buggy had a bad feeling.

“You, you, you…” It looked at the little butterfly in front of it and didn’t understand. It carefully sensed its power, but…

As expected, its predictions were wrong again?

“What did you predict?!” Beast-eared Lady White Brook quickly asked. She knew this butterfly race.

If it could give birth, it might be another larva with overlord potential.

The Prediction Owl’s expression darkened. “I don’t see the situation of its descendants, but, but its future partner might be a totem-level dragon creature??”

“Why is it a totem again!” It cursed.

When it was a military advisor in the totem battle, it didn’t predict totems so frequently.

Today was too unscientific.

As soon as it finished speaking, everyone present was speechless.

Buggy’s expression immediately collapsed.

“Wu!!” What was going on?

Although it felt that the power of dragons was strong, it was very sure that its aesthetic taste was still the aesthetic of bugs.

Shi Yu was also stunned on the spot.

Damn…

Even if Buggy thought that dragons were very strong, it didn’ have to have such a big appetite, right?

Was it trying to give his descendants dragon blood?

“Wu!!!” Buggy looked at Shi Yu with tears in its eyes. This was definitely not accurate.

It definitely couldn’t be like this.

Shi Yu fell into deep thought and said telepathically, “It’s also possible that you created a partner for yourself. When the power of imagination reaches the maximum level, you might really be able to do it. Self breeding or something…”

“It’s not like there haven’t been cases of self-interest in the natural world.”

Buggy:???

Then it would also be a butterfly, not a dragon!

At this moment, everyone, including Eleven, Baby Ginseng, and the little sword spirit, looked at the worm with especially strange expressions.

Buggy shuddered.

Totem-level dragon, Buggy also learned to rely on rich women?

Due to Buggy’s strong retort, Shi Yu and the others coughed dryly and chose to believe Buggy. That was most likely wrong again.

As for the students of Ancient Capital University and Imperial Capital University, they directly treated it as a joke from the start.

The Dragon Totem was f*cking ridiculous. The owl had indeed drunk too much today.

Even if it was a dragon-type… it was impossible for it to be with such a small butterfly, let alone a totem-level dragon-type!

“Yi ~!!”

After Buggy ended, Baby Ginseng quickly spoke according to the order of entry.

Should it be its turn?

“Yi!!”

Baby Ginseng looked at the owl with shining eyes.

This guy’s prophecy was very high-end. It was actually related to totems.

Even in the forbidden zone that it was born in, the strongest creature was only an overlord.

It desperately wanted to know its future.

“Yi!” Baby Ginseng asked.

“It wanted to know… how strong it will become after it evolves?”

When Shi Yu heard Baby Ginseng’s question, he was immediately tempted. He also wanted to know.

“After Baby Ginseng evolves… How strong can the ginseng fruit tree be?” A few students from the Imperial Capital University muttered in their hearts.

On the other hand, the students of Ancient Capital University had a serious expression. This wasn’t an ordinary ginseng baby.

“This…” The Prediction Owl wiped its sweat and took a deep breath.

The ginseng baby in front of him didn’t look simple either. It didn’t treat it as an ordinary ginseng baby.

Even from so far away, it could sense that this guy was very nutritious.

After this guy evolved… The owl had a bad feeling.

It closed its eyes and started to predict. A moment later, it exploded again and couldn’t hold on anymore.

“Yi!!!” Baby Ginseng showed a serious expression. As expected, it was very strong, right? It even scared the overlord-level owl!

After it evolved, it would definitely be invincible.

“Ah!”

“Why are you being chased by a bunch of overlords and totems in the future!!! In the end, you were even thrown into the mouth of a totem!” The Prediction Owl wiped its saliva.

Baby Ginseng:???

Ginseng Baby: Σ (° △ ° | | |)

Eleven, Buggy, Little Chi Tong: (⊙ꇴ⊙)

It was… thrown into its mouth by a totem-level creature?

Everyone: “?”

Holy shit, what the hell was this?

At this moment, Baby Ginseng was sweating profusely. It took a step back and its expression exploded. It was a little panicked.

“Yi!!”

It wanted to know how strong it would be after evolution, not how attractive to totems it’d be!

Baby Ginseng cried crazily. Why did it sound like the situation after evolution hadn’t changed at all?

“Cough.” The corners of Shi Yu’s mouth twitched and his face fell. Was this for real?

Ahem, this, he felt that it might be true…

Baby Ginseng was already ridiculously supplemented. If it evolved into an overlord race supplement, it might really be able to attract totems.

Shi Yu immediately felt that the future of his team was a little rugged.

In the future, when he went out to explore ruins, he didn’t even have to take the initiative to provoke the enemy. As long as he pulled Baby Ginseng out and slipped around, he could probably attract many ferocious beasts, overlords to totems.

Baby Ginseng was some high class bait…

The bad news was that if he was in danger in the future, he would become the enemy of all beasts. The good news was that he couldn’t die from weakness in the future. He could only die from being too healthy.

“Yi…” Baby Ginseng looked at Shi Yu. Evolution… wax a little dangerous. From the materials they have gathered so far, there shouldn’t be any materials for strengthening and nourishing effects, right? They had to specialize in battle!

Why not add a poison element to it? This way, no one would dare to use it.

Shi Yu: “?”

“Do you want to poison me?”

“Don’t worry.” Shi Yu looked at Baby Ginseng seriously. Combatization was a must, but the nourishing effect couldn’t be reduced. After all, he was also counting on Baby Ginseng to extend its life. It was impossible for the poison element since it was too dangerous.

“Eleven and the others will protect you.”

Eleven and the other beasts nodded crazily. The first target to protect in the team was Shi Yu, and the second was Baby Ginseng!

Ginseng Baby: “…”

“Today, as expected…” At this moment, the owl was a little dizzy.

It felt that Shi Yu and the others were too strange.

The Beast Tamer was stared at by more than ten totems with hostility.

The Iron-eating Beast turned into a Demon God and faced a top-notch totem.

A butterfly and a totem-level dragon having some good times.

A ginseng baby was chased and nibbled by a group of powerful totems.

No matter how it thought about it, it was too ridiculous!

It looked at the last little sword spirit that looked very obedient.

As for it…

“Mi…” Little Chi Tong’s expression was blank.

To be honest, it didn’t know what it wanted to predict.

It looked at the silent Shi Yu, hoping that Shi Yu could make the decision for it.

“Don’t make things difficult for Lord owl, why don’t we…”

At this moment, although the Beast Tamer of the Wild Bear felt that the owl was very unreliable, she was a little worried when she saw the expression on its face.

Could it be that Lord Owl was really not in a good state today and was sick?

Although she had never heard of it in reality, she had seen it in novels. Predicting the future and looking at fate meant suffering a backlash.

Could it be… retribution?

“No, I don’t believe it.” At this moment, the Prediction Owl’s expression was stubborn. It wanted to find out if it was Shi Yu and the others’ problem or its own.

“Tell me, what do you want to predict?” It looked at Little Chi Tong again.

“Mi! (Speak, what do you want to predict!)” Little Chi Tong turned to look at Shi Yu.

Shi Yu :”…”

Shi Yu thought for a moment and looked at the Prediction Owl.

“Its bloodline is very extraordinary. In the future… is it possible to solve the mystery of its bloodline?”

Rather than thinking of it as asking for Little Chi Tong, it was more like asking for General Mu Huiyin. After all, Little Chi Tong was formed by Mu Huiyin’s bloodline power.

“Let me see.” The owl was stunned and closed its eyes again.

The mystery of its bloodline?

This was reliable.

The owl was gradually familiar with giving Shi Yu and the others predictions. It didn’t care if it was blurred or not as it quickly searched for key information.

Suddenly, a place filled with plague and curses appeared in front of it.

The Prediction Cat was overjoyed.

“My Future Prediction skill has indeed improved. It’s no longer blurred, no longer blurred. Ahaha, isn’t this the undead battlefield of the ancient capital?” It spoke in surprise.

Previously, it was all mosaic quality, but now, it was finally high-definition.

“The Undead Battlefield, in the country. This time, it’s a safe place.”

Just as it finished thinking, a sword light descended from the sky and cut open the place where the Undying Dark Phoenix was sealed…

A terrifying creature gradually revived with the Phoenix Cry and Nether Flames. The expression of the owl gradually changed from joy to collapse…

A ferocious top-notch totem sealed in Dong Huang was directly released.

In the real world, the owl suddenly opened its eyes. They were filled with blood vessels as it looked at Little Chi Tong, its wings flapping…

“What did you predict?” Shi Yu was filled with curiosity.

“Any clues?”

Prediction Owl:???

“Get lost, I didn’t foresee anything. Go, go!”

Shi Yu and Little Chi Tong:???

Everyone: “?”

Damn, this owl was completely broken.

“By the way, don’t go to the undead battlefield in the ancient capital. Let me tell you, there’s a life-and-death crisis for you there…” Its expression was serious as it returned to its witch mood and muttered.

Shi Yu and Little Chi Tong: “?”

He understood. The clue was in the undead battlefield.

Shi Yu’s mind surged as he became more and more hungry for the Future Prediction skill.

This was simply comparable to a cheat that listened to the Voice of History.

One was to look for clues ahead, while the other was to look for clues behind them.

He liked it. He had to teach it to his pet in the future. After all, it was too expensive to spend money to predict the future!

The owl looked at everyone and said, “There are special benefits today. Who wants to make another prophecy? I’ll let you guys freeload this time.”

The predictions were too strange. The verification had yet to end. Whether it was Shi Yu’s problem or its own problem, it had to be compared to confirm.

It looked at everyone.

In an instant, everyone’s expressions changed.

Holy shit, a free chance?

Although it wasn’t accurate, it was for free.

“I’ll do it!” “Me, me, me, me.” “Lord owl, look at mine.”

“Well, calculate for me again!” Even Senior White Brook was suddenly excited. She wanted to calculate her marriage fate with her senior again.

In an instant, the members of Ancient Capital University and Imperial Capital University fought over each other.

Shi Yu was immediately stunned. What was going on? They could still freeload?

Shi Yu was just about to say something when his cell phone suddenly rang.

Sensing the commotion around him, he was speechless. He stepped back slightly and took out his cell phone to look at this unknown number.

“Hello, who’s this?”

A hearty laugh came from the other side.

“Student Shi Yu, do you remember me?”

“I’m… Ye Hui.”

Shi Yu was stunned. The president of the Feeding Association, the senior of the third bureau, Master Ye Hui?

“I wanted to talk to you after the morning meeting, but I realized that you had already left.”

“I can only find you in this way.”

“What’s the matter?” Shi Yu asked.

“Well.”

“I heard about your love for Feeding. I’ve discussed with some seniors and want to invite you to join the third bureau. I wonder if you have this intention…”

Shi Yu revealed a look of joy. As expected… he was made to be a Feeder!

“But I’m already a member of Bureau 11…”

“The divisions aren’t independent of each other. For example, Senior Feng of Ancient Capital University has his position in all three departments at the same time. In essence, we serve Dong Huang together, there’s no difference between us.”

“It’s just that after joining multiple departments, the responsibility on your shoulders has become even greater. This is what you should consider.”

“Of course, the benefits of the third bureau are also not bad. It definitely far exceeds Bureau 11, haha. We might not have many ruins here, but we have a lot of rare materials, such as the soil of time, or the meteor iron for your Iron-eating Beast. We still took it from the third bureau.”

Shi Yu had a serious expression. There was no other way. The greater the ability, the greater the responsibility. It looked like for the future of Dong Huang, he had to go for the third bureau.

“Where are you? Let’s… talk?”