Chapter 217 - Future Prediction

In Imperial Capital University, Teacher Shen, the instructor of the battle club, calmly took out his cell phone.

When the exchange team of Ancient Capital University finished registering and entered the school to take a look, he had actually already received the news.

But he didn’t mind.

This was because this kind of exchange activity had always been between students.

Therefore, there were no teachers at Ancient Capital University. There were no teachers opposite, so he naturally couldn’t be bothered to receive them.

After hearing the news, he only informed the students of his club.

If there were students who were willing to receive them, they would go. It didn’t matter if no one let the Ancient Capital University team visit it themselves. After all, it was the exchange match day of the two school battle clubs two days later.

Only at that time did he have the interest to take a look.

Teacher Shen: “The battle club exchange team from Ancient Capital University has come to visit the school. If you guys are willing to be guides, go ahead.”

He casually mentioned it. After all, the person who came was a guest. Although the school was in a competitive relationship, there was no deep hatred. Many students were still willing to do this.

Even though they weren’t from the same school, they were still students together.

It wasn’t like there hadn’t been cases of top-notch students from Imperial Capital University leading other schools’ juniors to visit schools. Perhaps there would be sparks of love between them. It wasn’t like there had never been cases of students from different schools falling in love and walking into the sour and smelly hall of love.

Zhang Yiming: “Not good! Ancient Capital University is here to challenge us! Junior Zhengfan is so sad now…”

Teacher Shen: “?”

Yin Zhengfan: [???]

Tang Yun: […]

Teacher Shen: “What’s going on?”

Somewhere in Imperial Capital University, Yin Zhengfan felt a little stifled when he saw Senior Zhang Yiming directly selling the news of his defeat.

Although everyone would know sooner or later, it had just ended not long ago. Couldn’t they let him have a good meal first?

Reserve member Yin Zhengfan: “…I’ll say it myself. I… just encountered an exchange member from Ancient Capital University. For certain reasons, I issued a challenge and lost to him.”

Many of the diving seniors didn’t mind because it was very normal for Yin Zhengfan, a new student, to lose when he encountered the other party.

However, Yin Zhengfan’s next words made these people unable to hold it in anymore.

[The other party has a ginseng baby with more than 100,000 energy points. My Zonyan Rock Beast… was insta-killed by the other party…]

Everyone: [?]

Teacher Shen: [???]

Teacher Shen: “A ginseng baby with an energy value above 100,000?? Zhengfan? Are you confused?”

Zhang Yiming: “It’s absolutely true. I was the judge at that time… At the scene, that ginseng baby was so strange and strong. I feel that apart from the captain and the two vice teams, the rest of us will feel a lot of pressure when we face that ginseng baby. The other party doesn’t come with good intentions. Should we be careful during the competition…”

The captain and two vice-captains of the Imperial Capital University’s team were both master-level Beast Tamers with monarch-level pets. The three of them didn’t care about this exchange at all, because apart from the beast-eared girl, there was no one else worth their effort in Ancient Capital University.

The real competition stage for these masters was the National League. This kind of exchange activity was trained by everyone below the level of master. Therefore, after Zhang Yiming said that apart from these three masters, no one else was safe from the students of Ancient Capital University who defeated Yin Zhengfan, the group instantly became restless.

Jin Wei, a member of the battle club: “Who is it? Who cultivated a ginseng baby in Ancient Capital University? Why don’t I remember such a person?? I still feel that something’s wrong. Baby Ginseng?”

Yin Zhengfan: “Shi Yu… is a new student from Ancient Capital University. He and I are candidates for the same vocation assessment. However, he’s already a high-level Beast Tamer now. Baby Ginseng is also a commander rank, a commander rank with 100,000 energy points…”

Everyone was shocked and suddenly felt that this name was a little familiar.

[The Iron-eating Beast Knight who discovered the evolution of the Iron-eating Beast?]

Someone thought of something.

Wait, it was him? How was this possible? Wasn’t this growth speed too ridiculous?

In four months, from a low-level Beast Tamer to a high-level Beast Tamer, it had a ginseng baby with 100,000 energy points?

Yin Zhengfan had already relied on his talent to have commander rank battle power in four months. What was wrong with this Shi Yu?

Everyone was completely stunned. They didn’t expect that the expert from Ancient Capital University that Yin Zhengfan and Zhang Yiming mentioned was a new student. Although this new student was very famous, as the son of a legend, Yin Zhengfan was also quite famous as a genius Beast Tamer at the age of 13. He was famous too!

What made many members of Imperial Capital University think that it was ridiculous was Zhang Yiming and Yin Zhengfan’s high evaluation of him. What did they see and experience?

Teacher Shen: “Don’t stay in the slumps for too long. Train as usual in the afternoon.”

At this moment, looking at the chat record, Teacher Shen from the Imperial Capital University was first surprised that a super genius had appeared in the Ancient Capital University. He was shocked by such a high-energy battle ginseng. Then, she said without much thought, because no matter how strong a genius was, it couldn’t be stronger than the Imperial Capital University.

Just the captain of the Imperial Capital University’s team, Qiu Miao, alone was enough to suppress his peers. A battle ginseng with 100,000 energy points sounded very ridiculous, but Teacher Shen thought about it. Apart from the three captains, the few quasi-master-level students in the team, with the explosive power of their Beast Taming Talent, it wasn’t difficult to deal with them. As a teacher, there was no need to pay too much attention. He just let the students handle it themselves.

Obviously, he didn’t know Shi Yu’s identity at all…

Yin Zhengfan: “There’s… another news.”

Another piece of news?

Tang Yun: “Let me tell you! That ginseng baby might not be Shi Yu’s trump card. I just finished the morning Feeding Conference with Professor Fang… You might not believe me, but Shi Yu, who I mentioned just now, also participated.”

Everyone: “?”

What was going on?

[I won’t explain the feed results first. You’ll know when you watch the news later. The key is that at the Feeding Conference, Shi Yu showed his pet!!]

[That pet, that pet, do you remember the Butterfly Meeting in Divine Capital? At the Butterfly Meeting, a middle-level overlord race’s Butterfly of Imagination appeared. The Beast Tamer of the Butterfly of Imagination was Shi Yu, a middle-level overlord race, commander rank… Spatial-type, Butterfly of Imagination! It’s actually a new student’s pet…]

The Butterfly of Imagination, Shi Yu’s pet?

In an instant, the group fell silent.

Even Teacher Shen behind him was stunned, revealing an incredulous expression.

In this world, there would always be some life forms that would become unique races due to special opportunities. Such races were all powerful overlords, divine pets pursued by Beast Tamers, and symbolic pets that could become legendary Beast Tamers.

The Butterfly of Imagination was such a unique super rare pet. When most of the people from the battle club at the Imperial Capital University saw that news, they were incomparably yearning. However, when they learned that such a creature was only a pet of a student of the same age, or even younger than themselves, they were instantly speechless.

“…”

Teacher Shen originally didn’t care about this exchange, but at this moment, his expression changed slightly. Wait a minute, what kind of monster came to Ancient Capital University this time? A student contracted an overlord species pet… In the hundred years of history of the nine major universities, there were only a few…!

“Who is this Shi Yu?” At this moment, this thought appeared in everyone’s minds.

At the same time, Shi Yu and the others had already been brought to one of the most remote places in Imperial Capital University by the beast-eared girl.

“This is near the mystic realm of time? No one’s watching over it???”

On the stone forest path, a group of people from Ancient Capital University climbed the stone mountain and were very curious about the surrounding environment.

“No. After all, without the permission of the school committee of the Imperial Capital University, even legendary Beast Tamers can’t find the entrance to the mystic realm of time. There’s no need to look after it at all. Moreover, the owl we’re looking for now is an overlord-level pet. Although I heard that the prophecy isn’t very reliable, it still has strength. With it watching, there’s no problem. If there’s someone coming, it’s not like it would be protecting the mystic realm, but more like it’d be accepting the guests.”

Just as White Brook finished speaking, two people walked out of the stone forest. From their age, they seemed to be students from Imperial Capital University. When the two students saw Shi Yu and the others, they were slightly stunned before ignoring them. They continued walking down and chatting.

“It’s over. Even Lord owl said that my confession will fail. I think it’s better not to…”

“Don’t be afraid. What if it was wrong? Isn’t it common for it to predict wrong things? You have a chance!”

“Come on, there’s definitely the accuracy if it’s such a small matter…”

The two students spoke one after another, walking further and further away under the stunned expressions of White Brook, Shi Yu, and the other Ancient Capital University members.

Vice President Li Ze said in confusion, “Does it predict love matters??”

After a moment of silence, White Brook said, “This isn’t the most ridiculous thing. The most ridiculous thing is that it’s said that it once calculated for a Beast Tamer that the Beast Tamer’s best partner is its pet.”

Everyone :”…”

Everyone was originally looking forward to this time-element Prediction Owl, but why did they suddenly feel that it was still mostly a scam? After all, if they accepted the money, even if it didn’t use super skills and was just randomly giving a result… No one could say anything. They didn’t know if it was true or false.

A success rate of 9 to 1, could it be that it had been scamming money like this all along?

The dozen or so people continued to walk speechlessly. Soon, they arrived at the legendary habitat of the Prediction Owl.

It was a temple in the stone forest, making the atmosphere of a charlatan very strong.

There was a dark blue owl with a time hexagram pattern on the light-colored feathers on its abdomen. It narrowed its eyes and listened to the students in front of it.

Two students had just returned, and there were still seven to eight students lining up here. This owl’s business was pretty good…

“If nothing goes wrong, your pet can give birth in a year.” It still narrowed its eyes, but its beak moved as it said to a female student in front of it.

It could talk!!

In Shi Yu and the others’ ears, the voice looked like a sharp old witch in her fifties or sixties.

This reassuring voice was scary.

The girl: “???”

“Lord owl, I’m begging you to predict where the opportunity for its evolution is. I didn’t ask you to predict when it will give birth.” She pointed at the half-tall yellow bear beside her feet, which was an earth-element desolate bear, and broke down.

The owl straightened its feathers and said helplessly, “I only saw this scene. Perhaps there’s a connection? Since fate has been decided, it’s up to you now.”

The girl received the prophecy and had a crying expression. The students beside her looked like they were watching a show.

This owl’s prophecy was so ridiculous, but strangely, it had really used an extremely ridiculous prophecy to let some Beast Tamers see the correct future. After decades, no one knew if this guy was reliable or not.

Because of its premonition, many students from the Imperial Capital University changed their fate in advance.

It was also because of its premonition that many people took the wrong path. After a long time, they finally understood and turned around while crying.

Fortunately, this owl charged relatively low fees for students of the Imperial Capital University. It was also a pet of a legendary Beast Tamer, so the students were still willing to come to it to predict the future. What if they hit the jackpot? What if?

They wanted to see the results with a verification mindset!

“Perhaps the son would evolve?” Her friend guessed.

Wild Bear :”…”

“Eh, many people are here. Do you want me to read your future?” The Future Prediction Owl narrowed its eyes and raised its head to look at the students of Ancient Capital University standing neatly in a row behind.

“Just taking a look…”

“…” Many students of Ancient Capital University still felt that it was a little unreliable.

However, there were also people who felt that it was quite interesting. For example, Xu Ze, the deputy president of the Ancient Capital University, asked, “Well, how much does it cost to predict the future?”

He wanted to know where the opportunity for his pet to break through to the master level was. From the current progress, it felt like it was far in the future.

The owl turned around and said, “You’re not students of the Imperial Capital University, right? A level-five energy crystal for payment.”

“Level-five energy crystal, it’s all about money…” Xu Ze was directly angry. Stealing money? But considering that the creature in front of him was an overlord-level creature, he said cowardly, “After thinking about the price, I decided to forget it. My fate hasn’t been decided. I have to fight for it myself. ”

He would never squander millions of yuan on an inaccurate and unknown prophecy.

Ridiculous.

So expensive!

The other students of Ancient Capital University also had this thought.

Everyone suddenly felt that this guy might be even richer than the gem cat. It was definitely a black businessman.

“Who is it?” As the two conversed, the students from the Imperial Capital University present looked at the dozen or so people who had suddenly appeared. They revealed puzzled expressions. They weren’t students from the Imperial Capital University?

Where did it come from?

“Then if it’s a student from Imperial Capital University, how much is it every time?” A senior from the club with long hair asked.

The Owl: “It’s either free or infinitely big.”

“Listening to you is like listening to a sentence,” the long-haired senior said.

Obviously, this owl didn’t plan to let people outside Imperial Capital University predict the future.

In an instant, the students of the Ancient Capital University looked at each other. A level-five energy crystal was equivalent to a monarch-level resource. There was only White Brook, a master, present. Apart from her, probably no one else could take out so much money.

It was too ridiculous.

“Don’t look at me. I’ve already calculated it once when I was young. No.” White Brook shrugged.

As for what it was, she blushed. Although it wasn’t accurate now, in the future… she hoped to hit the jackpot!

Eh?

The owl shook its head. ‘Who are you?’

Forget it, I forgot.

It said, “It’s understandable if there’s an occasional mistake.”

Everyone :”…”

“There aren’t any level-five energy crystals. Is it okay if it’s a rare level-four resource?” At this moment, Shi Yu suddenly spoke from the crowd.

“What? Level-four resource?” The owl was just about to say that he had slashed the price too much, but it was suddenly stunned.

No one saw what was going on when Shi Yu suddenly took out a fruit.

When everyone showed confused expressions, the owl fell silent.

It looked at Shi Yu’s bracelet.

This guy brought a ruin space?

In addition, this fruit…

[If it’s not wrong, this is a fruit that contains a weak power of time. I haven’t seen a spiritual fruit of this quality in a long time. Although the energy level is a little weak, the life force inside is incomparably pure. It seems to be able to increase the potential of creatures below the commander race… Next time, after throwing it to the ruins of time to undergo the baptism of the power of time, its level might be able to grow to a very, very high level.] The owl looked at this nutrient fruit and was extremely surprised.

What a future spirit fruit! It was a species he had never seen before!

The owl showed an interested expression and said, “Deal.”

“I’ll predict it for you once!”

The corners of Shi Yu’s mouth twitched. “Five times. Although this fruit is only at level four, its value definitely exceeds a level-five energy crystal. It’s raw at first, but it’s worth is definitely above level five. I still have a pile of this kind of spiritual fruit over there. Perhaps I’ll come here to have my fortune told next time.”

This was a top-notch nutritional fruit condensed by Baby Ginseng at the cost of exceeding the limit of its strength. It could change the pet’s evolution potential and increase the effect through the power of time. It was definitely not something ordinary level-four resources could compare to. It was too crazy to only give a prophecy once.

“Five times?!!” The owl had never seen anyone so black-hearted. They thought that time-element super skills were like cabbages…

However, at this moment, the owl vaguely sensed that the Shi Yu in front of it was very special. It was as if he was someone favored by time. A weak but pure power of time lingered around him. Generally speaking, if it wasn’t a time-type talent, then it would definitely become like this because he often came into contact with the power of time.

Who was this guy?

Where did this come from?

It thought for a moment. In addition to the ruins space and this special spiritual fruit, the Prediction Owl nodded and realized that Shi Yu’s identity was not ordinary. In that case, it said, “So be it. I’ll give it to you.”

Before Shi Yu could react, the nutrient fruit in his hand disappeared. It was controlled by Psychic to fly out of his palm and into the room behind the owl.

At this moment, everyone looked at everything in a daze.

What, what, what? What happened? What did Shi Yu take out? Why did the Foresight Eagle agree to do it five times?

However, although they didn’t know what it was, judging from the owl’s reaction, Shi Yu had definitely taken out something extremely rare and valuable.

“Boss, you’re so silly!!” The seniors of Ancient Capital University looked at Shi Yu. Even the surrounding students of Imperial Capital University looked at Shi Yu as if they were looking at a spoiled kid.

“Hu! Hu!” The little desolate bear that was given a bad prediction also looked at Shi Yu with a pained expression.

If he didn’t want the money, he could give it to it.

“Alright, what do you want to predict?” The owl flapped its wings with a Buddhist expression.

From various signs, the premonition could specify a direction.

“I want to predict the future for myself and my four pets. Do mine first.”

Shi Yu said, “Actually, I’m an archeologist. I’m more curious. In the future, which ruin will I be in when I encounter a life-and-death crisis?”

Although it was said that this premonition was to become familiar with the owl so that he could replicate skills later, it wasn’t like Shi Yu didn’t want to know certain things.

For example, if he really started to return to his old profession and become obsessed with ruins, there would definitely be a day when he would encounter danger. How could he not be prepared? If he could know in advance which ruins would bring him danger, then he would…

It was impossible not to go. At most, he would wait until he developed a little more before going.

Well, he would wait until Eleven and the others reached the Mythical stage before going in. He would directly smash the main door.

“Archeologist?” The Prediction Owl revealed an interested expression, as if it knew what was going on with the power of time on Shi Yu’s body…

It was even more concerned about the prophecy that it was about to give to Shi Yu.

It only had one super skill, Future Prediction. However, its proficiency was only at the expert level.

Ordinary overlord-level creatures usually had super skills basically at the perfect level, but this owl had lived for less than a hundred years, and its growth level had already broken through the racial limit. Yet, the super skill was actually only at the expert level. It was really unscientific, but this also indirectly explained the difficulty of the Future Prediction skill.

In fact, for some future fragments related to its battles in the future, the Prediction Owl could easily predict them and use this to easily dodge the enemy’s attack. It could fight with the opponent from an omniscient point of view, like a player. However, it was impossible to increase proficiency with the Prediction Future skill only because it was related to itself.

Moreover, just predicting the future for a short period of time was not the future it wanted to see.

It wanted to have the feeling of seeing through the fate of all creatures. Therefore, in order to train this skill, it stayed in Imperial Capital University for 100 years and calculated countless lives for others. Unfortunately, the skill was still far from perfect.

However, what made the Prediction Owl happy was that every time it predicted the right future and that future did happen, it would obtain an uncertain skill proficiency. Although it wasn’t much, it was better than nothing. Moreover, it could earn extra money. It wasn’t a loss.

“Yes.”

“Alright, I’ll give you a prophecy…”

The time hexagram on the owl’s chest glowed slightly. Everyone looked at it and Shi Yu.

This guy was still getting scammed!!

Good lord, this was the prophecy?

The ruins were definitely dangerous. Why would he explore ruins with so much money?

If he had money to see the future crisis, he might as well spend money to change his fate!!

“Eh…”

As the owl asked in confusion, everyone looked like it was as expected. Look, it was a scam.

At this moment, sensing the traces of Shi Yu in front of him, the Prediction Eagle’s expression became more and more strange.

In fact, predicting the future of others was like drawing a lottery. Even if it had a fixed direction, its skill proficiency might still be crooked. This also led to some extremely ridiculous results being predicted.

Some of these crooked results were correct, while others were completely crooked. This was because there were endless possibilities in the future. However, this time, the owl had planned to give Shi Yu a good premonition, but it didn’t expect that it had a feeling that it was going to be crooked from the start.

“So vague.”

“Forget it, I’ll just take a look around.”

The owl was immediately immersed in a dark world and began to see blurry scenes. It had prophesied to many Beast Tamers, and some people had even become legends. Yet, their futures never felt so vague.

Soon, the owl captured the ruins and crisis related scenes according to its “prayer.”

Countless images flashed past. Some collapsed, some couldn’t be seen clearly, but some were quickly seen by the owl.

Finally, under the full concentration of the owl, it saw Shi Yu’s figure and saw him coming out of a blurry ruins space.

In the next moment, the ruins collapsed, and a beam of light shot into the sky.

In the incomparably dark future scene, the Prediction Owl saw pairs of eyes opening one after another. There were dozens of eyes. The owners of the eyes emitted a terrifying aura. The aura of every creature was more than ten times that of it. It was extremely terrifying, and its gaze locked onto the light and Shi Yu!

A moment later.

“Ah!!!” The Prediction Owl, whose voice was like that of an old witch, suddenly opened its eyes. Its whole body exploded, and its narrowed eyes opened directly, looking extremely panicked.

“Why, what’s wrong…”

Shi Yu was shocked when he saw the Prediction Owl suddenly jump.

The others were also shocked by the owl’s actions.

“You, you, you, you…” At this moment, the premonition owl was shocked and delighted as it looked at Shi Yu in shock.

“What’s the result?” Many people stared at the owl and Shi Yu.

The Future Cat said with a trembling voice, “What… Why are you being targeted by more than ten totem creatures when you explore this ruin??”

“F*ck!!” It directly cursed.

It had never seen so many totems when it participated in the last totem battle with the first-generation principal of the Imperial Capital University!

“What the hell?” As soon as the owl finished speaking, everyone was shocked.

White Brook and the others opened their small mouths.

Shi Yu himself was even stunned on the spot. He was stunned. Holy shit, what the hell? Seriously?

“This… This… As expected, it’s crooked again.” At this moment, the corners of the girl’s mouth twitched. “Lord Owl, aren’t you only able to predict things that don’t exceed your strength? How can there be more than ten totems…”

“It’s still a matter if there were that many totems in the totem area around Dong Huang…”

“Ah, this.” The owl was also at a loss. So, was its skill about to improve, or was it ridiculously crooked this time?

It looked at Shi Yu and said, “No matter what, why don’t you rather believe it? Child, it’s better not to explore the ruins. Why do I feel that you want to trigger the next totem battle…”

The corners of Shi Yu’s mouth also twitched. “So, which ruin is it?”

“I didn’t see clearly.”

“Which totems?”

“They should all have eyes. There are red, orange, yellow, green, green, blue, purple.”

“Can I ask you for compensation for mental damage…” Shi Yu cursed in his heart. He was a little regretful for predicting it. What was going on?

“Huh?” The Prediction Owl tilted its head and pretended to be stupid.

At this moment, everyone stared at Shi Yu, not knowing what to say. Therefore, was it crooked or not? It should be crooked.

“I…”

“Next, next.” At this moment, the Prediction Owl felt that its strength had improved. It urged Shi Yu.

Forget about the totems and ruins first. What was the next prediction?

Well… it also felt that it was crooked. How could there be such a future?

Let’s see if the next one was reliable.

Shi Yu :”…”

Shi Yu had countless complaints in his heart. He couldn’t deal with this owl anymore. He was even more determined to never leave the country before he reached the legendary level. He would rather believe it!

“Let me think…” The corners of Shi Yu’s mouth twitched. He wasn’t allowed to put it aside first. He couldn’t waste the opportunity.

Eleven… Why not give Eleven a premonition of its inscription?

What could Buggy, Ginseng Baby, and Chi Tong ask for…