Chapter 216 - Good News And Bad News

At the battlefield hall of Imperial Capital University.

At this moment, the crowd was extremely restless.

A ginseng baby with 100,000 energy points…

Energy was equivalent to the mana bar of a skill in the game.

It determined the power of a single skill and the number of times it could be released.

Under normal circumstances, it was bound to the race level and growth level.

The level corresponded to the energy. This was scientific common sense.

Generally speaking, pets of overlord races only had an average of eight to 100,000 energy points at the commander level.

A little less meant that this pet was not cultivated well. Its growth and skill training were not very good.

Higher meant that this pet was outstanding.

The top students of Imperial Capital University could understand.

However, they couldn’t understand why a ginseng baby that was clearly a transcendent race could have energy values that surpassed overlord races at the commander rank.

Although it could strengthen energy points by training oneself and raising skills, it wasn’t that there were no channels to increase energy. It wasn’t a fixed value. It wasn’t that it couldn’t break the racial restrictions, but…

But it was precisely because of this that everyone was shocked. What kind of cultivation and tragic training did this ginseng baby undergo to have such an energy value?

It had cultivated his racial skills to perfection?

Three meals a day using heavenly treasures?

Even so, it still didn’t make sense.

“This… is this the main point?”

“The point is that the race of the ginseng baby doesn’t seem to have any offensive skills.”

“Moreover, the difficulty of learning offensive skills for supplement-type pets is 100 times higher than for battle pets. It’s almost impossible for them to be proficient…”

“Under such circumstances, Yin Zhengfan’s opponent still chose to send this ginseng baby. Don’t tell me that this ginseng baby also has battle power.”

After being shocked by the energy situation of this ginseng baby, suddenly, many Imperial Capital University students discovered a blind spot.

Baby Ginseng was a supplement-type pet.

No matter how much energy there was, it couldn’t be converted into battle power. Instead, it could only be converted into a nourishing recovery effect!

However, Shi Yu still sent Baby Ginseng. They suddenly felt that things were starting to develop in a strange direction.

“Hehe.”

Listening to everyone’s discussion, the members of Ancient Capital University gave them a “you guys know very well” look.

Right, what was even more unscientific was yet to come!

In the arena, Yin Zhengfan’s expression was solemn to the extreme at this moment, his heart thumping.

He had also thought of what the others had thought.

However, before seeing the truth, everyone wanted to not believe him.

“I don’t believe you,” he said stubbornly.

Even if he had already realized something, it still chose to fight.

“Roar!!”

Under Yin Zhengfan’s command, the Zonyan Rock Beast’s mouth condensed a brown rock glow. It was ready to attack!!

“Buzz!” A thick brown pillar of light shot out, and countless flying rocks swept towards Baby Ginseng opposite!

High-level earth-element skill, Rock Roar Cannon!

This attack was powerful. From the scale, it seemed like the aftermath alone could devour the ginseng baby.

“Yi.” But on the other hand, Baby Ginseng didn’t mind when it saw this move.

It didn’t even have the intention to dodge.

Boom!

For a moment, rocks flew and wild winds surged!

The Rock Roar Cannon directly hit Baby Ginseng. In an instant, a terrifying energy explosion stunned everyone.

Although there were no problems with the venue because of the high-level material, the violent storm and rocks still swallowed Baby Ginseng’s tiny figure in an instant.

“Holy shit.”

This scene made everyone a little confused.

The members of Ancient Capital University were actually equally confused.

From what they knew, this ginseng baby had mastered the “Energy Fruit”, a nutrient that could explode, and the light-element unique skill, “Light Clearing Cannon”. These were all powerful skills.

However, why didn’t Baby Ginseng choose to counterattack but to take the other party’s skill head-on!

Only Yin Zhengfan and the Zonyan Rock Beast’s hearts skipped a beat.

Yin Zhengfan knew Shi Yu very well. He felt that… things were definitely not that simple.

“The smoke is so big, it can’t be uninjured, right…” A bespectacled male student said,” After all… there’s the law in anime where there’s smoke without injury…”

At this moment, everyone looked at the venue in a daze. Then, their eyes nearly popped out.

As the smoke from the Rock Roar Cannon dissipated, Baby Ginseng was still standing there, looking as if nothing had happened.

It was really not injured at all!

At this moment, Yin Zhengfan’s expression was almost dark to the extreme. The Zonyan Rock Beast also couldn’t believe it.

“Roar!!!”

“Yiya.”

Baby Ginseng was rooted in the ground, and its brown hardening power covered its entire body, as if it was wearing Earth armor. Its expression was calm.

Strengthening, a skill that combined plant power and earth power, could make the plant body hard as a rock.

Shi Yu had long upgraded this move to perfection. When it was activated, it was equivalent to temporarily turning Baby Ginseng into an earth-element creature. It had an extremely strong defense.

If that was all, it would be fine. In addition, Baby Ginseng’s racial skill, Earth Chain, was at the “Dao Proficiency” level. It could also instantly mobilize the earth power dozens of meters deep underground for itself…

This already involved the initial use of nature’s power.

Its current hardened weapon was much more resistant to attacks than Eleven’s hardened weapon.

At the moment, it was impossible for the Zonyan Rock Beast’s Rock Roar Cannon to break through the defense energy double that of his, and it was even relying on the natural power of the earth.

And the most despairing thing was that even if the Zonyan Rock Beast broke through its defense, it was still a superficial wound for Baby Ginseng.

Because after its slow healing and high-speed healing were maxed out, together with the source of life of the super skill, Baby Ginseng almost had the ability to instantly regrow broken limbs.

Baby Ginseng usually studied the anti-eleven Energy Bomb Fruit and the Anti-Buggy Energy Bomb Fruit. Once it accidentally blew up its arms and legs, its body could recover easily.

This incomparable defense and incomparable recovery power had already become a small monster in Shi Yu’s team.

After the next move, Baby Ginseng looked at the Zonyan Rock Beast.

It was time for it to counterattack.

Then, Baby Ginseng simply stretched out its palm.

In the next moment, a brown seed condensed in its palm.

Nutrition!

After integrating its earth and wood power into the nutrients, the ginseng baby took root in the ground and activated “lushness” and “solidification”.

In the blink of an eye, Baby Ginseng’s palm that was holding the seed directly emitted light, and thick tree branches filled the sky!

The tree branches seemed to have formed a sea of trees that instantly swallowed the huge Zonyan Rock Beast.

“What is this!!!”

Yin Zhengfan was shocked, and everyone’s expressions changed. They couldn’t understand this skill at all. This skill scared the Zonyan Rock Beast into hurriedly resisting.

“Roar!!!”

In an instant, scorching magma erupted from the Zonyan Rock Beast’s body, turning into countless fireballs that smashed into the sea of trees.

Boom!!!

The sea of trees attacked, but unfortunately, when the lava eruption that should have been extremely terrifying touched the sea of trees, it was like the water of a tap rushing to the stone surface, not leaving much impact.

The sea of trees directly resisted the magma and tied up the huge Zonyan Rock Beast. There was still surging magma flowing on it, but it couldn’t burn these solid tree branches.

Nutrition+Earth Chain+Improvement+Multiplication. All four skills were above transcendent. The other two were Dao Proficiency. The profundities formed by these skills were completely incomparable to the entry-level Lava Explosion of the Zonyan Rock Beast.

“Profundity, Burial of the Tree Sea.”

Shi Yu said. It was not the profundity formed by the four skills, but five. The moment the Zonyan Rock Beast was bound by the indestructible tree branches, small energy fruits began to be born on the pile of tree branches. These energy fruits that were born from absorbing the power of the tree sea were the final unique skill.

After they exploded, everything would be buried.

“Roar!!!!”

At this moment, the Zonyan Rock Beast struggled crazily from the tree branches all over its body. It felt as if it was bound by steel bars, and it watched helplessly as the tree branches bore fruits with strong threat.

The energy emitted by these fruits made the Zonyan Rock Beast panic.

In the blink of an eye, the grape-sized Energy Fruits flickered, as if it was about to bloom.

At this moment, the Zonyan Rock Beast’s gaze exploded to the extreme. Yin Zhengfan’s expression also changed drastically until he heard Shi Yu’s voice.

“Retract your pet.”

Upon hearing Shi Yu’s voice, Yin Zhengfan suddenly woke up and hurriedly retracted his Zonyan Rock Beast.

At the same time, the profundity released by Baby Ginseng’s palm, the Burial of the Tree, completely erupted at this moment…

With a bang, a terrifying energy swept through the entire place.

Cracks started to spread on the ground like broken glass.

The arena rumbled. The energy shield protecting the arena also appeared like rolling seawater at this moment. Countless dazzling white lights shone on the entire arena. The violent airflow fiercely stimulated Yin Zhengfan’s nerves, making his heart pound.

Boom!

A moment later, everyone’s ears buzzed.

The power of the Burial of Trees directly made Senior Zhang Yiming, who was the judge, stand up. He looked at the situation in the arena and felt his heart bleed.

A strong wind swept past, and the Zonyan Rock Beast was no longer in the arena. Only Baby Ginseng was still standing there.

At this moment, Yin Zhengfan’s expression was already completely stunned.

“How can this be…”

He instantly understood the insurmountable gap between him and Shi Yu.

He had a confused expression, unable to understand why the difference between him and Shi Yu had become greater and greater after four months of hard work.

That attack just now…

Yin Zhengfan’s body trembled.

If all of them hit the Zonyan Rock Beast, there was no doubt that the Zonyan Rock Beast would instantly be heavily injured and suffer damage stronger than the desert monarch… Because of that, Shi Yu reminded him to retract his pet.

And his sharp instincts also made Yin Zhengfan choose to listen to advice.

Next, there was only one Space Crystal Butterfly left… However, at this moment, Yin Zhengfan was completely not confident that he could defeat this ginseng baby with the Space Crystal Butterfly.

The strength of this ginseng baby directly penetrated his understanding.

Including Imperial Capital University and Ancient Capital University, all the students opened their mouths wide as they watched everything.

They couldn’t understand it. They couldn’t understand it at all.

This was a f*cking ginseng baby???

What was that just now!

Ridiculous!! Baby Ginseng’s palm directly drilled out of a large forest. The trees could ignore the magma and even explode??

“Ancient Capital University, what do you mean?”

At this moment, Zhang Yiming, who was in the judge’s seat, was stunned when he saw all of this. Shi Yu’s strength was too ridiculous. Even he wasn’t his match.

At this moment, after seeing the Ancient Capital University exchange team led by White Brook appear, Zhang Yiming directly felt that they had come with ill intentions.

Could it be that from today onwards, Ancient Capital University was going to challenge them?

How dare they?

“What do we mean? We registered. We’re here to visit the school today.”

White Brook looked over. Because of her white tiger pet, her voice was especially deterring. It had the deterrence effect of being the king of all beasts, immediately making Zhang Yiming speechless.

Ancient Capital University?

At the same time, the surrounding Imperial Capital University students finally understood the identity of this group of people who had suddenly arrived.

In an instant, their expressions turned hostile.

On the venue.

Shi Yu and Yin Zhengfan looked at each other.

Yin Zhengfan’s arm and clenched fist trembled slightly. He looked at Shi Yu and was silent for a long time before saying indignantly, “I… I admit defeat.”

He didn’t know how to continue fighting. If not for Shi Yu’s reminder just now, the Zonyan Rock Beast would definitely have been heavily injured. He had already lost completely.

“Don’t be so serious. Victory and defeat is common in war,” Shi Yu immediately said when he saw Yin Zhengfan’s face fall again.

“A loss is a loss.” Yin Zhengfan couldn’t accept it. He had clearly come to Imperial Capital University to broaden his horizons and seen many geniuses who should have been stronger than Shi Yu, so why… He didn’t understand where he was lacking.

It turned out that it was true that Shi Yu said that he couldn’t defeat him now.

“Thank you for fighting me. I won’t be so reckless next time. Well, I’ll leave first.” Yin Zhengfan bowed at Shi Yu. His anxious mood of wanting to fight Shi Yu at the start had completely turned cold at this moment.

As he had yet to eat lunch, Yin Zhengfan was even more dizzy. After saying that, he turned around weakly and wanted to leave.

This scene stunned Senior Zhang Yiming, who was watching from the judge’s seat, and also made White Brook and the others secretly shake their heads. Sigh, that was why they said not to fight Shi Yu. Damn it, their group of alumni didn’t know why this university ginseng who often attended classes was so strong.

Damn it, could it be that the overlord cat had given Baby Ginseng special treatment?!

The students of Ancient Capital University were suddenly shocked. After all, someone often saw Baby Ginseng and the overlord cat of Ancient Capital University appear together.

“Alright.” Shi Yu pondered for a moment. Seeing Yin Zhengfan leave, he also shook his head and took back the excited baby ginseng. He helplessly got off the stage and came to White Brook and the others.

He had a premonition… that Yin Zhengfan wouldn’t give up so easily. After knowing his strength, the salted fish eyes of Yu Shu and the others didn’t appear on Zhengfan. Shi Yu felt that Yin Zhengfan didn’t seem to have admitted defeat yet.

“It’s over just like that? I haven’t announced the results yet. Can you guys respect the judge a little?” At this moment, the most stunned person was Senior Zhang Yiming. He stood in the judge’s seat in a daze and suddenly looked at Shi Yu.

Seeing Shi Yu and White Brook meet up, Zhang Yiming was at a loss. The corners of his mouth twitched as he took out his cell phone and planned to ask for help. He felt that he couldn’t hold on alone here.

Ancient Capital University definitely didn’t have good intentions.

On the other side, Yin Zhengfan pushed through the crowd and wanted to go to the lounge to lie down for a while. At this moment, his cell phone rang.

Yin Zhengfan looked at Tang Yun’s name on the screen with dim eyes and chose to answer.

“Senior, what’s the matter?”

“Zhengfan, where are you? Have you eaten? Why don’t we go together at noon?”

“I… don’t have an appetite.” Yin Zhengfan was silent.

“But I have very important news to tell you in person.”

Yin Zhengfan :”…”

“Why aren’t you saying anything?? Alright, alright, it’s the same over the phone. That Shi Yu seems to have really come to Imperial Capital University.”

“I… I already know.”

“What, you know?”

At the door of Imperial Capital University, Tang Yun was stunned. “That’s fine too, but, um, there’s something else I need to tell you.”

“That Shi Yu is much stronger than during the vocation assessment. I saw his pet, I feel that…” Tang Yun didn’t know how to describe it.

She was thinking of a way to let Yin Zhengfan understand that he might not be able to defeat Shi Yu now.

“Senior, there’s no need to say anymore.”

“…Well, I’ve already fought Shi Yu.” Yin Zhengfan’s tone was low as he said, “I’m sorry, I was reckless this time. I didn’t recognize the difference and challenged blindly. I… lost, I lost very badly.”

Just as they entered Imperial Capital University, Tang Yun was stunned when she heard the weak voice on the other side of the phone. Her mouth fell open.

“Wh, when did this happen?”

“Just now.”

Tang Yun’s heart skipped a beat. She looked in the direction of the Feeding Conference in disbelief. Shi Yu wasn’t there??

Why, why did he suddenly come to Imperial Capital University and even finish fighting Yin Zhengfan??

This didn’t make sense.

Wasn’t the exchange event two days later? She clearly came after the competition ended in the morning.

What exactly happened…

“Senior, don’t worry. I can take the blow.”

Although Yin Zhengfan’s expression was a little dim, he didn’t despair. This was because he had indeed seen many more monstrous geniuses in Imperial Capital University.

For example, the current captain of the big school in the capital was a complete monster.

Because of his family’s influence, he could write online gaming hack codes at the age of 12.

After awakening the Beast Taming Talent at the age of 13, he directly created a virtual life and used it to invade the school’s Internet, the Internet of nearby companies, and the Internet system of the Beast Tamer Association… It shocked the entire association.

This was because he had the same “Awakening” talent as the Mechanic ancestor. He could upgrade the Internet data program to a virtual life form and create mechanical creatures.

As expected, this person was secretly cultivated by the association. He only appeared again a few years later and started university life.

Yin Zhengfan was extremely respectful towards this captain of the Imperial Capital’s big school. This was because even his father, Legend Yin, admired this genius very much.

Although he only had one pet, that pet was created, assembled, and upgraded by him. It was a mechanical life form made of virtual data from an overlord race.

Facing this super genius known to have the ability to participate in the development process of an overlord-level mechanical life, the future legendary Mechanic, and even this year’s national champion, Yin Zhengfan had long understood the vastness of the outside world.

After witnessing such a genius at Imperial Capital University, Yin Zhengfan felt that his horizons had been broadened a lot. He even set this captain as a distant goal. It was the next goal to surpass after defeating Shi Yu.

Therefore, at this moment, even after witnessing the incomparable difference between him and Shi Yu, Yin Zhengfan didn’t lose heart.

In the end, it was still because he didn’t work hard enough. There was clearly a training place with a crueler environment. Yin Zhengfan clenched his fists. He wanted to enter the time mystic realm of Imperial University to train…

If he could overcome the environment there, perhaps, no, he could definitely narrow the gap between him and Shi Yu and the others.

“Zhengfan…” Tang Yun didn’t know what to say.

Although Yin Zhengfan lost, it seemed that he didn’t suffer too much damage and instead converted the loss into motivation?

Tang Yun was relieved at once. She added, “Well, it can’t be helped. That Shi Yu’s Butterfly of Imagination is a middle-level overlord race. It has too many advantages. It’s normal that you can’t defeat it now, but I believe that you can surpass it soon…”

“…”

“Zhengfan? Say something.”

At Imperial Capital University, Yin Zhengfan held the phone in a daze, his expression gradually becoming confused.

“Wh-what butterfly?” he asked.

At this moment, both parties’ hearts skipped a beat.

The good news was that Yin Zhengfan didn’t encounter the abnormal Butterfly of Imagination.

The bad news was that Yin Zhengfan lost before touching the Butterfly of Imagination.

…

At the battlefield hall of Imperial Capital University.

Due to the heavy atmosphere inside, White Brook was afraid that she would fight with the students of Imperial Capital University, so she immediately left with Shi Yu and the others.

At this moment, everyone looked at Shi Yu as if they were looking at a monster.

“I feel that Imperial Capital University won’t let us off. The venue is cracked.”

“Cough.” Shi Yu looked at the sky and said, “The weather is pretty good.”

“Are we going to visit Imperial Capital University next?”

“I heard from Senior Lu that Imperial Capital University has a time department facility. Is that true?”

“I’m not sure…” Many seniors of Ancient Capital University shook their heads.

White Brook glanced at Shi Yu and said, “It’s true.”

“The Time Mystic Realm was left behind by the first principal of the Imperial Capital University. Ten days inside is equivalent to one day outside. It can quickly increase battle power.”

“However, you can forget about visiting this place. The environment inside is very harsh. You have to wear a lot of high-level equipment to offset the erosion of the power of time. Even students from Imperial Capital University aren’t allowed to enter casually, let alone us.”

The first principal of the Imperial Capital University rose during the last totem war. Like Emperor Shi, he also had time strengthening talent. However, his growth experience was not as legendary as Emperor Shi. In the end, he only became a legendary Beast Tamer and did not contract many time-element pets.

This time mystic realm was a place where he used his Beast Taming Space to modify humans to cultivate battle power at a high speed before he died.

Unfortunately, although the idea was good, the final result had many drawbacks. Because the effect of time erosion was too serious, very few pets could adapt to the environment inside.

In addition, only Beast Tamers and pets below the legendary and overlord level could enter, so the Time Mystic Realm was actually very useless in Imperial Capital University.

“Ah, you’re not giving it a tour?” Shi Yu was stunned.

“There’s such a mystic realm?!” The other members of the battle club were tempted.

Holy shit.

Looking at it this way… Ancient Capital University was so weak.

“Of course not,” White Brook said. “But the guardian of the Time Mystic Realm, a time-type pet left behind by the first principal of the Imperial Capital University, likes to interact with people very much. We can go and take a look.”

“Is it the legendary owl that likes to tell fortunes and predict the future?” Xu Ze, the vice president, asked.

“That’s the one. The time-element monarch race, the Future Prediction Owl. That owl has mastered the super skill, Future Prediction, but because it’s too difficult to train, its Future Prediction effect is very poor… Not only can’t it predict things that exceed its strength, but it can only predict them once every ten times. It’s said that its favorite is to tell fortunes for the students of the Imperial Capital University who pass by.”

“Fortune-telling?? Future Prediction??” Shi Yu was slightly stunned when he heard the beast-eared girl.

Good heavens, Future Prediction Owl? What kind of race was this? Its race name was too simple and clear. Which genius named it?

“Are you interested?” White Brook looked at everyone, especially Shi Yu.

“Although it might not be very accurate, it’s quite interesting.”

“Of course, before the prophecy, it will ruthlessly charge according to the target…” White Brook chuckled.” So those without money can forget about it. ”

Many people’s faces darkened. As expected, fortune-tellers were all black-hearted.

“Let’s go take a look.” Shi Yu’s eyes lit up. It didn’t matter if it was a fortune-teller or not.. It wasn’t like it could predict which ruin he would die in in the future. He just wanted to be friends with the prophecy owl!