Chapter 213 - An Appointment Battle From Yin Zhengfan

A moment later, Shi Yu went down.

With his full marks, he went down.

Xia Qingwei, the Crystal Thought Butterfly, the White-Eyed Butterfly, and the White Star Butterfly followed behind silently.

After Shi Yu went down for a long time, the audience was still in shock and had yet to recover.

Various discussions about the results of Ancient Capital University’s feed kept coming. People expressed their complicated feelings to each other.

On the display team of Imperial Capital University, student Du Yan muttered, “Is this research result really so smooth?”

The evolution forms of transcendent races to overlord races were displayed one by one. Please be a human.

Guo Mingrui, a student from the same team, said, “My girlfriend has always wanted a butterfly-type pet… I think this White Star Butterfly is pretty good.”

“It’s just that transcendent-level worm silk isn’t easy to deal with…”

A Green Silkworm with transcendent worm silk was even rarer than a cub of a monarch species.

The lifespan of the Green Silkworm for one or two years did not give the Feeder many opportunities to nurture it at all.

Next, they could only see if the country would take out a high-level ruins space and invite a professional teaching team to train the Green Silkworms together.

If it could form a Feeding Chain, then they still had a chance to do this.

However, the price probably wouldn’t be cheap either. Even if a Green Silkworm cub that had mastered the transcendent worm silk was cheaper than a monarch species cub in the future, it wouldn’t be cheap.

After all, there was a chance to nurture it with various top-notch cultivation methods for more than a year. Even Dr. Zuo’s research institute didn’t nurture more than five in a year.

The venue fee for the high-level ruins cultivation space, the manual fee for the skill teacher, and the nutrition fee for the Green Silkworm…

Ignoring everything else, just the basic annual salary of a skill teacher of this level couldn’t be less than a million.

This was still not prepared for low-level Beast Tamers. The Crystal Thought Butterfly was.

Moreover, if it became commonplace, such a Green Silkworm would definitely not be sold, but armed with the Beast Tamer Troops first.

“Why don’t we do a White-Eyed Butterfly first? What if we study it and develop a way to evolve into a White Star Butterfly?” Jiang Tong from Imperial Capital University suggested.

They had already defected. One was thinking about other people’s pets, and the other was thinking about other people’s research content.

Professor Fang Lin’s mouth twitched.

This was already flat-out admitting defeat, although they had indeed lost.

Guo Mingrui: “Not really… She definitely won’t want the White-Eyed Butterfly.”

“Low-level commander races aren’t that low. If I can’t figure out anything, at most, I’ll break the contract in the future and switch.”

“That’s not the problem.” Guo Mingrui turned around and said, “The name of the White-Eyed Butterfly is too ugly. My girlfriend definitely can’t accept it…”

Everyone :”…”

At this moment, everyone in the Feeding Conference venue was discussing the green worm cocoon and Shi Yu.

At this moment, Shi Yu had already returned to his seat.

“Next, Dong Huang’s Beast Taming Domain is about to open a new chapter.”

After Shi Yu sat down, Dr. Zuo smiled and said, “If nothing goes wrong, the Beast Tamer Association, the Beast Tamer Troops, the third bureau, and the Feeding Association will definitely invest in establishing a huge Green Silkworm Breeding Base.”

“When the time comes…”

Shi Yu exclaimed and said, “It shouldn’t be my problem anymore, right? You guys can do it.”

Everyone: “?”

Xia Qingwei said, “Don’t you want to become a legendary Feeder?”

This was definitely a national level project!

Shi Yu: “That’s a dream. It’s something to talk about. I have a lot of dreams, such as legendary Mechanic, legendary Dragon Tamer… But the energy of humans is limited.”

Everyone: “?”

Shi Yu looked serious and felt that what he said made sense.

He only wanted to increase his strength quickly.

In this world, one’s own strength was the foundation of everything.

Only with strength could he do all kinds of things he wanted to do.

With his current strength and horizons, his transmigration, the connection between Earth and Blue Planet, the myth of the Beast Taming Era… It was all filled with various mysteries.

But what if he was a legendary Beast Tamer, or even a mythical Beast Tamer?

At that time, most of the fog in front of him would disperse on its own.

At that time, the Mythical Ruins, Totem Ruins, restricted areas, and Moon Palace Ruins were all like a backyard. He could go as he pleased, unlike now, when he held the key to the Mythical Ruins left behind by the Shi Emperor but didn’t dare to look for it.

“You still think you’re human?”

Doctor Zuo, Legend Hua felt his teeth hurt.

Moreover, this guy wanted to be a Legendary Mechanic?

It was fine if he wanted to be a legendary feeder or archeologist, the threshold was not high.

However, being a Mechanic was not easy. The threshold was higher than any class.

Contracting a mechanical pet was different from becoming a Mechanic.

Only Beast Tamers who cultivated and upgraded their mechanical pets could be considered Mechanics.

The kind that spent money to find people to upgrade mechanical lives was not recognized as orthodox.

“Cough, which team is the next display team?” Shi Yu asked.

He quickly changed the topic.

“Some research institute that studies breeding,” Dr. Zuo sighed.

At the moment.

The Feeding Conference was still ongoing.

The third team to go on stage was actually the three-eyed human team Shi Yu had seen at the buffet restaurant.

The other party wasn’t from a business or school, but a famous biological feed research institute.

And their products were “high-level pet fertility medicine”…

As the name suggested, it was a medicine that increased the pregnancy and reproduction rate of pets above commander races.

Of course, it was definitely effective with transcendent races that were relatively difficult to breed.

The Iron-eating Beast would be overjoyed.

This was also a relatively mainstream research content.

The higher the species level, the harder it was to reproduce.

For example, overlord races were basically single handedly passed down. They could only give birth to one child in their lifetime, and it still depended on luck.

Moreover, some overlord races were too special. They were the only race in the world, and they were also reproductive apart from other similar races, so it was possible that they would directly become extinct.

This was also why no country had a stable channel for overlord race breeding.

They could only rely on luck to occasionally evolve into a few overlord races that couldn’t be replicated.

“Birth support medicine…”

“It’s indeed a good study…”

However, Shi Yu thought about his Eleven. It shouldn’t be a problem. He probably didn’t need it.

Although the breeding of the Iron-eating Beasts was relatively difficult, it was definitely relatively stable. Otherwise, the ancient times wouldn’t have bothered with the Nine Li Battle Beast Corps.

Moreover, Shi Yu felt that his Eleven was a steel bear. Love would only affect its training speed.

Although Eleven didn’t have to worry, Buggy… Buggy..?!

Ah, Buggy!!!

What had he evolved into? It felt a little dangerous.

There was no other Butterfly of Imagination…

Could it reproduce normally with other butterflies?

Shi Yu fell into deep thought.

[Buggy: ???]

As for plant-type pets like Baby Ginseng, it was actually alright.

Plant-type pets could reproduce by themselves.

However, in most cases, breeding descendants would cause one to die or decrease in level. Their strength would decrease greatly, such as the Tree of Life. Only after death could new seeds be born.

As for undead and elemental pets, the difficulty of breeding was the highest. Therefore, such pets were very rare in nature. To date, feeders had yet to solve the mystery of the birth and breeding of undead and elemental pets.

As for mechanical pets, they were even more unsolvable. They weren’t capable of breeding their own descendants.

“Forget it, why should I worry about them? It’s as if I’m talking like Beast Tamers are prone to having children when their levels are high.”

Shi Yu listened to the effect of the pregnancy supplement with interest.

The products of this biological feed research team had been modified on the original fertility medicine. There was a higher chance for the pet to inherit the talent potential of its parents. However, following that, a pile of dense experimental data made Shi Yu’s head hurt.

At this moment, Shi Yu suddenly received a message.

White Brook: “Is the Feeding Conference going smoothly?”

[We plan to visit the various training facilities of Imperial Capital University first. The battle exchange will be in two days. You can participate in the conference in peace. When the time comes, we’ll rely on you here.]

“Wu…”

He was going to take a look today?

Shi Yu looked around and glanced at the message before thinking.

The first place of the Feeding Conference should be stable. There was no point in continuing to watch here. After all, these guys only announced the results and didn’t showcase any secrets. It was useless to watch it. It was better to do something else.

He heard that Imperial Capital University had time and space related training venues?

Didn’t that mean that there should still be time-element pets?

The foundation of Imperial Capital University far exceeded that of Ancient Capital University. It should have.

It was worth worshiping.

“Aunt Hua, Aunt Zuo, I have something to do. I’m leaving first. Call me if there’s anything,” Shi Yu said to Legend Hua and Dr. Zuo.

“What are you doing?” Legend Hua asked in confusion.

“Senior Bai asked me to look for her after presenting.” Shi Yu chuckled and said, “I don’t know what it is either…”

“That little girl with the Fusion Talent?” Legend Hua came to a realization and nodded. “She’s also in the capital.”

“Yes.” Shi Yu said simply and left.

“This child…” Dr. Zuo shook her head.

As she watched Shi Yu leave, Dr. Zuo looked at Xia Qingwei, who was watching the competition, and sighed.

At the same time, at the Imperial Capital University’s display team.

Tang Yun also felt that it was boring here.

She recalled what Hong Xiao had said to her.

Shi Yu should also be in the Ancient Capital University exchange team this time.

If that was the case, Yin Zhengfan would definitely be able to come into contact with Shi Yu next.

They could definitely meet at the exchange event in two days…

To Yin Zhengfan, after working hard for so long, this was originally a very good opportunity to defeat a strong opponent…

However, if he worked hard and couldn’t defeat the target he wanted to catch up to, that would be a little impactful.

“Compared to letting Zhengfan know after the battle, why don’t… tell him about the situation here first.”

“Yes.”

Tang Yun decided to go back to school at noon today and talk to Yin Zhengfan about everything here.

At the same time, she would also tell her teammates in the battle club to take this new student seriously.

He felt that Shi Yu would definitely be a variable in the exchange between the two schools.

Generally, in this kind of activity, with a master-level student and monarch-level pet wouldn’t be published. The commotion was too big.

It was basically for ordinary members to communicate with each other, which was to say, high-level Beast Tamers.

At this level, everyone had a commander rank pet.

It was nothing in the first place.

However, how could a Beast Tamer with a middle-level overlord race and a commander-level pet suddenly appear in Ancient Capital University?

At this species level, his energy might have reached 100,000. Ordinary monarch species and commander ranks were only half of what he had. There was no way to fight at all.

Shi Yu undoubtedly had the strength of a quasi-master.

Even in the Imperial Capital University’s battle club, there weren’t many who could defeat Shi Yu. There were only a few.

At least, she, an ordinary member of the battle club, had no confidence.

Because she had come into contact with overlord races, she knew very well that overlord races and monarch races were already two different domains. Under the same level, there was no way to do a comparison between a tiger and a cat.

She probably could only rely on the quasi masters in the school team.

Although they didn’t have any overlord species pets, they had many monarch species pets in their hands. They also had various abnormal battle-type talent. Moreover, every pet could take charge alone.

In comparison, she didn’t believe that Shi Yu’s other pets were also so strong, reaching the overlord race.

“Four months ago, he was clearly a junior Beast Tamer like Zheng Fan.”

“How did you become a high-level Beast Tamer with a commander-level pet in just four months…”

Four months. High-level Beast Tamer and an overlord race pet. This was already ridiculous enough. She didn’t believe that there was anything more ridiculous.

She sighed and decided to immediately slip away after the morning segment ended and return to the battle club.

At this moment… Shi Yu had already slipped away and headed straight for Imperial Capital University.

…

At Imperial Capital University.

Just like Ancient Capital University, it was like a school city.

Such a huge school, apart from some teaching areas and training areas, other places were allowed for visitation.

As for the teaching area and training area, they would probably have to wait for the opening day or use connections before they could visit.

However, if it was an exchange team from other top universities coming to exchange and learn, there would basically be no problem.

At that moment, not long after arriving at the capital, White Brook brought the elites of the Ancient Capital University’s battle club to the Imperial Capital University, planning to visit their school first.

“I came here once four years ago. It’s changed so much now. It’s completely different from what I remember.” In the team of 18 led by White Brook, a tall girl with long hair looked at the huge and tall school gate of Imperial Capital University’s South District.

The vice president, Xu Ze, chuckled. “Don’t talk about the school. The various facilities in Imperial Capital University are upgraded every year. What you’re seeing now is already several updates from four years ago.”

“Holy shit.” Upon hearing the vice president’s words, the other dozen or so people were jealous.

“President, how often does our school’s training facilities change?” They looked at President White Brook.

“After we entered school, the training facilities have not changed.”

White Brook frowned and said, “The training facilities aren’t broken yet. Why would we start updating? Can you handle the current training facilities without pressure?”

“If you want new facilities, you can get first place in the National League. Ancient Capital University can also update every year.”

She said, “If it was Teacher He, he would definitely say so. You also know that our Ancient Capital University is poorer than the Imperial Capital University. If you want good facilities, you can only rely on yourself to fight for them.”

Everyone cried. It was too real.

Although, even if they were given the same school resources, they didn’t have the confidence to defeat the students of Imperial Capital University.

The resources in the school were equal. If the talent and family background were inferior, it would be a waste.

“Sigh ~” Everyone sighed. Just as everyone from Ancient Capital University was about to go to the school gate to register and exchange learning information, White Brook’s phone rang.

White Brook saw the caller and curiously picked up the phone.

“How are things on your side?” she asked.

“I’m done. Where are you? I’ll go find you,” Shi Yu asked.

He also wanted to visit the training facilities and even replicate a time skill. What if the ginseng baby had a chance to learn it after using the Time Soil to evolve?

White Brook :”…”

So fast?

Didn’t the Feeding Conference last two days?

“We’re at the south school gate, we haven’t entered…”

“Wait for me,” Shi Yu said.

After Shi Yu finished speaking, both parties hung up. White Brook looked at the many members and shrugged. “Let’s register first and wait for Shi Yu at the door. He’ll come over later.”

“Oh, oh, oh ~?” Everyone was stunned. Was Little Monster Shi Yu coming too?

They had all seen Shi Yu vs Fu Andi and had been brainwashed by White Brook for a long time. Now, they were looking forward to Shi Yu, a new student, sweeping through Imperial Capital University.

White Brook smiled. Everyone continued to head to the registration office of Imperial Capital University. But at this time, on the campus, a 12 or 13-year-old youth was walking towards them.

Yin Zhengfan, who was preparing to go out for a meal, was stunned when he saw this group of people.

He met White Brook’s gaze.

Yin Zhengfan had visited Ancient Capital University before, so he naturally knew the president of the Ancient Capital University’s battle club.

And the people from the battle club of Ancient Capital University also knew this legendary Yin’s genius son.

“Yin Zhengfan?” White Brook was slightly surprised to see this child.

“Senior White Brook…” Yin Zhengfan was stunned for a moment before quickly saying politely. The exchange battle would begin in two days. He didn’t expect Ancient Capital University to come now.

But soon, he looked at the team of Ancient Capital University.

When he saw faces and didn’t discover Shi Yu among them, his expression changed slightly.

“Well, Senior White Brook, didn’t Shi Yu join the battle club? Or did he not come this time…”

Yin Zhengfan felt that Shi Yu was so strong. Even if he chose another specialization, there was no reason for him to give up fighting.

Battle power was the foundation of a Beast Tamer, and the battle club, school team, and National League were definitely the best place to train college students as Beast Tamers.

“Are you talking about Shi Yu?” White Brook asked.

“He’s here too, but it’ll take a while.”

“Really?” Yin Zhengfan’s eyes suddenly lit up, and countless battle intent surged in his heart. Shi Yu definitely couldn’t imagine how much progress he had made during this period.

Immediately, Yin Zhengfan wasn’t hungry anymore and decided to wait for Shi Yu here.

“Excuse me, can I wait for him with you? I want to fight a Beast Taming battle with Shi Yu!” As a reserve member of the battle club, he was only an audience member for the exchange two days later, so it didn’t matter if he waited for that day. If possible, he wanted to fight Shi Yu now.

“Uh.” As soon as Yin Zhengfan finished speaking, many students from Ancient Capital University had strange expressions.

There had long been rumors that Legend Yin’s son… had come to Imperial Capital University alone to study because he had lost to Shi Yu in the vocation assessment and was only a runner-up.

As expected, the rumors were true.

However… Why did it feel that this would be an inspirational but sad story?