Chapter 226 - Ultimate Sacred Dragon Beast

At the seat of Ancient Capital University.

Shi Yu chuckled.

White Brook also smiled.

Only the other members of Ancient Capital University had dark expressions.

“Don’t waste time. Challenge according to the team’s ranking.”

“If you lose, you lose. What’s there to be afraid of?”

White Brook lectured.

She didn’t expect Ancient Capital University to win this exchange event.

The source of university students in the Ancient Capital was inferior to the Imperial Capital University, and the educational resources of the schools were inferior to the Imperial Capital University. If the overall strength of the Imperial Capital University was weaker than the Ancient Capital University, the school would not be far from collapse.

Although Shi Yu had swept through Imperial Capital University, the overall strength of Ancient Capital University’s battle club was still relatively low.

It was already pretty good to gain an advantage through Shi Yu.

Were the subsequent battles still important? It was not important at all!

The only goal was to let the other students of Ancient Capital University realize the difference between them and Imperial Capital University. They would accept the beating and urge them to improve!

Soon, an unlucky person was pushed out. At this silent turning point, he went on stage and continued to challenge Imperial Capital University.

He looked nervous.

It was also at this moment that he encountered the gazes of the students from the Imperial Capital University who were like ferocious wolves staring at a little sheep…

…

At the same time.

White Brook observed the situation as she approached Shi Yu.

“Tell me, what happened just now.”

White Brook’s mood still didn’t calm down.

She knew that Shi Yu had the strength of a quasi-master. With the possession of the sword spirit and the fusion of the iron-eating beast’s power, he could unleash the attack of a monarch.

However, Shi Yu had also said that the burden on his body was relatively large. Moreover, from the performance during the advanced assessment, the power was completely inferior to the “finishing touch” just now.

Even she probably couldn’t withstand that attack easily.

Without a doubt, with the Butterfly of Imagination in that state and Shi Yu’s Iron-eating Beast Knight battle strategy, Shi Yu already had the strength of a master.

“An irregular battle with no rules… My Imagination Butterfly borrowed some external power.”

“The price to use that attack is not small.”

Shi Yu said telepathically.

“External force?”

“Illusionary Phantom… Item?”

White Brook quickly thought of the fact that the phantom illusion skill with high proficiency could borrow the power of items.

However, she was puzzled again because she didn’t see the Butterfly of Imagination carrying any tools.

“Inner space?”

White Brook’s head moved very quickly. After all, she also had the ruins space. She quickly guessed that the Butterfly of Imagination might have storage space skills.

White Brook’s expression couldn’t help but change.

Damn!

What a dirty accompanying move. If Shi Yu didn’t say anything, even in a competition with restrictions on props, the judge might not necessarily be able to tell.

“Heh.” Shi Yu grinned. This move was indeed cheating.

Ice Dragon Whisker, Sea Dragon Scale, and Tyrant Dragon Fang were all level-seven resources that contained the power of overlords.

Even if Buggy only borrowed a small portion of its power, it still temporarily obtained monarch-level battle power.

As for the price, that was to use a little of the power of these three resources. Not a bit. Moreover, Buggy could only release an explosive attack and didn’t have the ability to continue fighting.

If not for these three tools, Buggy would definitely not have been able to defeat the other party. It was more likely that it would be stunned by the deterrence just like the opponent thought.

The situation at that time was equivalent to a child facing a ferocious tiger. Buggy was a child, and the enemy was a ferocious tiger.

But it didn’t make sense. This child held a sniper rifle and even mastered the Firearm Proficiency skill.

The outcome was no surprise. No matter how strong the ferocious tiger’s battle power was, it couldn’t be stronger than a child with equipment.

However, this wasn’t considered cheating, because if these three resources were given to other pets other than Buggy, they couldn’t borrow the power of the three resources at all.

It couldn’t even use one-thousandth of the power of the three resources.

It was only when the bugs combined the powers of “Phantom Illusion”, “Imagination Domain”, and “Dragon of Imagination” that they successfully mobilized their power.

These three skills were equivalent to letting Buggy have the “Dragon-element Proficiency” skill. It was its exclusive ability.

Dragon-element weapon master, Buggy!

“What a pity, what a pity.” Seeing that Shi Yu had admitted to it, White Brook revealed a pitying expression.

Ahhh!

Although she didn’t know what level of props Shi Yu had armed the Butterfly with, the National League prohibited the use of props that exceeded one’s level, and only one was allowed to be carried.

Didn’t that mean that Shi Yu couldn’t use this move in the national competition?

However, even if it could be used, Shi Yu was only a “One-Punch Man”. He couldn’t do it after one shot.

White Brook looked at Shi Yu bitterly.

Shi Yu had just given her hope of fighting alongside her in the master domain of the National League, but now, she felt cheated.

“You…”

“Can you reach the master level before the National League?” After asking this, White Brook felt that her question was ridiculous.

However, Shi Yu began to think seriously.

“Perhaps…”

After all, if he wanted to participate in the Dragon Palace City banquet, he would definitely do his best to help him become a master in the third bureau.

“Perhaps… You can???!”

White Brook was suddenly stunned.

“Yes.” Shi Yu smiled and said, “However, even if I become a master, I don’t have the confidence to defeat that Gao Xuan from Imperial Capital University.”

The captain of the Imperial Capital University’s team, Gao Xuan, was known as a Beast Tamer who was almost guaranteed to become a legend, just like Lu Qingyi, Heavenly King Zou, and the others.

After arriving at Imperial Capital University, Shi Yu learned more about this person.

The other party was a genius Mechanic in the fourth round, and his strength far exceeded his peers.

He had almost reached the pinnacle of master level.

He didn’t know if the other party was here today. In addition, the reason why he challenged the vice-captain of Imperial Capital University and didn’t challenge the other party’s captain was because Shi Yu knew that he definitely couldn’t defeat the other party now.

“That guy… is also a cheat like you.” White Brook thought of that captain from Imperial Capital University, and her expression darkened.

This person was also the only person she was unwilling to face in the National League.

It was even more overboard than Shi Yu. He used overlord race machinery himself!

She had heard from her elders that the members of the fourth round practically nurtured this Gao Xuan like a treasure.

The other party’s treatment was better than Shi Yu’s in Bureau 11. After all, machines were the mainstream in the current human countries, the main force to fight against totems.

“It’s alright, you’re still young. In any case, he can only participate in one batch.” White Brook quickly felt that Shi Yu could do it.

…

At Imperial Capital University.

After returning, Bai Wenjie directly left the scene and didn’t have the face to stay any longer.

If he could fight again, he would definitely use his Beast Taming Talent from the start. At that time, with the help of the skill, it was definitely impossible for the Ice River Mammoth to not be able to withstand a single blow.

However, there was no point for regret in this world. After he left, Teacher Shen from Imperial Capital University no longer had the mood to continue watching the next battle.

He sat in the chair in silence, thinking about what had just happened.

After thinking about it, he more or less thought of what White Brook thought.

“Illusionary Phantom… Inner space… high-level tool?” Teacher Shen was slightly stunned.

Was this the reason why Shi Yu chose to fight irregularly?

But even so, it couldn’t be denied that the second-in-command of their Imperial Capital University had lost to a new student from Ancient Capital University.

Most importantly, he was insta-killed because he underestimated his opponent.

He immediately expected better from him. He felt that if this was the totem war era, these students wouldn’t be able to live past three chapters.

On the other hand, Shi Yu was most likely like a fish in water.

Moreover, Teacher Shen looked in the direction of the battle club. He actually didn’t know who could take over Gao Xuan’s position and carry the banner of Imperial Capital University after he graduated.

“I’ve told Gao Xuan about what happened just now,” beside Teacher Shen, she said to the other vice-captain of the battle club, Jiang Ran.

“What did he say?” Teacher Shen was stunned.

“He said he doesn’t want to care about the club, but he will participate in the last National League.”

“Yes.” Teacher Shen nodded and sighed.

With Gao Xuan around, the champion of this year’s national competition would probably still be from Imperial Capital University.

But after Gao Xuan graduated, there would be Demon Capital University in the front, and then there would be the monster new student from Ancient Capital University eyeing them covetously. For a moment, Teacher Shen was conflicted about which student he should nurture next.

He had a teaching talent that could steadily help Imperial Capital University nurture geniuses, but sometimes, extreme individuals were often more important than groups.

On the other side, in a research institute.

A young man put down his cell phone with a calm expression and returned his gaze to the mechanical beast in front of him.

This was a tall mechanical beast in the form of a silver-white dragonman. At this moment, it was among the dense mechanical equipment. Its entire body was connected by various wires, as if it was undergoing modification.

The moment he saw this mechanical beast, a row of data appeared on the monocle in front of the young man.

[Name]: Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast

[Attributes]: Machinery, Dragon

[Race Level]: Medium overlord

[Level of Growth]: Monarch Level

[Energy Points]:4000001

“Energy upgrade successful.”

“Next is weapon optimization.”

Seeing that the energy value of the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast had already reached twice the standard of an overlord pet of the same level, he nodded silently. In the blink of an eye, he forgot the news just now and continued to busy himself with the modification in his hand without paying any attention.

In his opinion, what happened in university wasn’t worth his attention at all.

If it weren’t for the fact that the group in the fourth round insisted that he come to university to experience life and force him to interact more with his peers, he wouldn’t have bothered to come to university.

He only had one goal now.

Transforming the Ultimate Sacred Dragon Beast into a top-notch mechanical beast of a high-level overlord race.

As for the methods the seniors in the fourth round used to forcefully encourage him, it was also very simple.

The prizes for this year’s National League champion would be provided by the fourth round.

The prize was some top-notch materials for modifying mechanical lives!

In Gao Xuan’s opinion, after obtaining these materials, his Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast would definitely become a high-level overlord race.

This was the main motivation for him to participate in the National League.

“But why does the name Shi Yu sound so familiar?”

“The genius newbie from Bureau 11 that Teacher mentioned?”

As Gao Xuan muttered to himself, he continued to be obsessed with mechanical modification. An archaeologist was completely unrelated to a Mechanic like him.

…

Without a doubt, Shi Yu had traumatized Imperial Capital University.

Even if the next challenger from Ancient Capital University wasn’t strong, the students from Imperial Capital University were especially serious at the start of the match.

They released all battle power as soon as they came up, and their Beast Taming Talent was directly maxed out. They started with the super skill, and the moves were connected continuously, not daring to be sloppy at all.

They didn’t give the other students of Ancient Capital University a chance to catch their breath at all.

It made the seniors of Ancient Capital University suffer indescribably.

Soon, the students of Imperial Capital University discovered that the other students of Ancient Capital University were all trash. None of them could fight.

Soon, most of the students from Ancient Capital University lost.

“I can’t watch anymore.”

After watching a few matches, Shi Yu couldn’t help but leave the scene, leaving White Brook alone to sulk.

White Brook was furious. Why did the students of Imperial Capital University reflect so quickly!

After Shi Yu slipped away, he was free and called Principal Feng.

He was still in Imperial Capital University.

In an elegant room, Principal Feng was catching up with the principal of the Imperial Capital University, an old woman.

“I wonder what kind of dog shit luck you guys have.”

“It’s one thing to have picked up a genius with a listening talent, but he actually has such a high talent in the feeding field.”

“Just now, Ye Hui called me and said that he wanted your Shi Yu to use Imperial Capital University’s Time Mystic Realm.”

The old woman took a sip of tea and sighed.

Principal Feng: “Hahaha, thanks to Qingyi!”

“When Qingyi said that she had found a genius, I didn’t mind at first, but from the looks of it… Hahahaha.”

“And I reckon that after a period of time, his battle talent can also be displayed.”

“By the way, he seems to have gone to communicate with your Imperial Capital University’s battle club. Let’s see the results later.”

When Principal Feng was in front of Shi Yu and the others, he was very serious. However, when he came to his old friend from the Education Bureau, he couldn’t help but laugh.

“Old Feng, you’re arrogant.” The old lady opposite Principal Feng chuckled.

The upper limit of the Beast Tamer battle power of Bureau 11 was known.

The strengthening talent of a master-level Beast Tamer with good talent development could easily increase the pet’s energy by hundreds of thousands. The strengthening talent of a legendary Beast Tamer could easily increase the pet’s energy by millions. How could a Beast Tamer with this telepathy talent compare?

Since ancient times, it wasn’t that there weren’t people whose telepathy talent had reached the Legendary level, but there wasn’t anyone who had reached the titled Legendary level!

“Why not… Ah.”

“I’ll take this call first.”

Principal Feng said.

He glanced at the caller and was instantly amused.

“Shi Yu, didn’t you go to the exchange with White Brook and the others? Why are you calling now?”

“Ah, I’m done fighting.”

“I mainly want to ask you when we can return to the ancient capital.”

Shi Yu walked on the road to Imperial Capital University and asked more concernedly.

He was still waiting to go back and enter seclusion to increase the points for Baby Ginseng.

Apart from that, Little Chi Tong’s level could also be raised.

With his current legendary physique, it was easy for him to withstand Little Chi Tong breaking through to commander rank. It shouldn’t be difficult for him to withstand the commander rank Little Chi Tong’s possession. As long as he didn’t mess around with the Sword of Interlocking with Eleven, it shouldn’t be a problem.

Moreover, up until now, he had yet to reach the upper limit of his physique after a new breakthrough.

“So fast?”

Principal Feng was stunned, but they were almost done discussing things here.

Legend Hua, Dr. Zuo, President Ye, and the four of them cultivated around the green cocoon and had already reached a certain strategic cooperation.

“If you’re anxious, you can go back tonight. But how’s the battle over there? Why are you so fast?”

Principal Feng glanced at the old principal of the Imperial Capital University opposite.

“Not bad… I’m not sure about the subsequent situation. I defeated the eighth, fourth, and the monarch-level pet of the vice captain in one hit. Then, I came out.”

“Principal Feng, isn’t this giving Ancient Capital University some good rep! But though this is what I should do, I paid a huge price for it, although…”

Shi Yu was just about to take credit and ask for a level-seven resource from the new dragon-element when Principal Feng shouted.

“What, what did you say?!” Principal Feng suspected that he had heard wrong.

Shi Yu instantly killed the monarch-level pet of the Imperial Capital University’s vice captain?

“…”

A moment later, Principal Feng hung up with a strange expression and looked at the old principal of the Imperial Capital University.

“I’m indeed arrogant. There seems to be an accident during the exchange event. You can ask your Teacher Shen.”

“Though, it’s better if you ask yourself.” Principal Feng’s expression was calm as he took a sip of tea.

The principal of the Imperial Capital University:??

She frowned, not understanding what was wrong with this old thing.

However, she still sent a message to Teacher Shen to let him report the exchange between the students of the two schools.

Originally, she wouldn’t ask or care about such things.

However… looking at Principal Feng’s strange expression, she had a bad feeling.

A moment later, as Teacher Shen’s heart skipped a beat at the venue, the old principal of Imperial Capital University received a message filled with blood and tears.

[It’s not our student’s fault. That Shi Yu is a little monster, just like Gao Xuan back then.]

Could a normal person think of a high-level Beast Tamer’s commander-level pet suddenly erupting with ten times the strength and instakilling a monarch-level pet?

Under normal circumstances, this was completely unscientific!

[…]

As she read the message word by word, the eyelids of the old principal of the Imperial Capital University twitched a few times, and her face darkened.

“Heheh,” Principal Feng said.

“Get lost.” The old principal of the Imperial Capital University directly pressed the exit button with a furious expression. What the hell? How could a master student from the Imperial Capital University be insta-killed by a new student from the Ancient Capital University? What did it mean? Were they trying to bully her? Even TV dramas didn’t dare to do it like this!

“Huh?” Principal Feng was amused.

“Shi Yu can use the Time Mystic Realm, but your Ancient Capital University is paying.” The old principal of the Imperial Capital University hit the table in embarrassment.

Principal Feng:???

This was agreed by the Vice President Ye! Old woman, what a sore loser she was!