Chapter 227 - Sword Forging Master Shi Yu

Chapter 227: Sword Forging Master Shi Yu

That night, the communication activity between Ancient Capital University and Imperial Capital University ended “perfectly.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Both parties were pretty satisfied.

The students of Imperial Capital University were severely stimulated.

The students of Ancient Capital University were also severely stimulated.

It was all because of one person.

…

Just as Principal Feng said, Shi Yu and the others started to return to the ancient capital that night.

“Beautiful.”

On Dean Hao’s Mystic Meteorite, Shi Yu was lying happily.

This trip to the capital was really not in vain.

First, he got first place in the Feeding Conference, making him gain both fame and fortune.

Although the Butterfly of Imagination had announced its name, the strategic value of the Green Worm cocoon had yet to be announced. There was no hurry.

Most importantly, he successfully joined the third bureau.

He had obtained the Time Sand, the cultivation index, and the opportunity to head to Dragon Palace City to obtain the cub of an overlord race!

Apart from that, he could also go to the time mystic realm of Imperial University to take a look.

Also… the predictions the owl had given him also benefited Shi Yu.

In short, he didn’t come for nothing!

Moreover, after returning to the ancient capital, the benefits would definitely be great.

After all, he was representing Ancient Capital University to participate in the Feeding Conference this time. It was impossible for Ancient Capital University to not show their support.

And sweeping through Imperial Capital University was another great achievement.

“Dean Hao.”

“Ah.” Dean Hao, who was flying the plane, was stunned. He said, “What’s wrong, genius?”

“Does our Mechanical College have the ability to create mechanical pets of overlord races?”

“Pfft.” Dean Hao almost crashed.

At this age, Principal Feng, who had been too agitated these few days and was tired both physically and mentally, suddenly woke up.

What was going on?

Why was it an overlord mechanical pet?

“What are you thinking? How is that possible!” Dean Hao’s face darkened.

If he could create overlord race pets, even if he could join the process of creating overlord race machinery, would he still be the dean of Ancient Capital University?

Principal Feng:…

“I’m just asking.”

Shi Yu scratched his cheek and said, “I saw the video of the last National League and saw that Gao Xuan’s Ultimate Sacred Dragon Beast from the Imperial Capital University was pretty impressive…”

“It can still fly, can still fuse, and can even split. Its energy far exceeds pets of the same level. In battle, it’s also an instant kill…”

Principal Feng :”…”

“I thought you didn’t like mechanical pets?”

Principal Feng suspected that Shi Yu was like someone eating with his mouth, guarding the bowl, taking more with his chopsticks while thinking about the pot, thinking still about tomorrow. In a few months, there would be a chance to go to Dragon Palace City to contract a water-element overlord cub. Why was he thinking about his mechanical pet again?

Moreover, he remembered that… Shi Yu didn’t like mechanical pets.

He had rejected the upgrade of the index to a mechanical life twice in a row, the archaeological index once, and the cultivation index once.

“Really??” Shi Yu was stunned.

Machinery was a man’s romance, how could he not like it?

“Then why don’t you upgrade the index to a mechanical life form?” Dean Hao had also wanted to help Shi Yu upgrade before, but he was rejected by Shi Yu.

“This… What can a cell phone index do?” Shi Yu said. “I want a battle-type one.”

Shi Yu believed that if he upgraded his cell phone to a mechanical pet, he would definitely not be able to resist adding points.

Although it wasn’t impossible to become a battle machine with the support of points, it was still too troublesome.

He could directly add some sound wave skills and release the Nuclear Explosion Divine Melody to the opponent during the battle?

It was too exaggerated!

It was not as handsome as those mechas and battleships.

The index would just be a guide obediently.

“Battle-type…” The corners of Dean Hao’s mouth twitched.

Battle-type mechanical lives were good, but maintenance was expensive.

“As long as the materials are in place and time is given, our Mechanical College still has a chance to create a monarch race mechanical life form,” Dean Hao said.

“Oh, let’s talk about it later,” Shi Yu said with little interest.

It wasn’t an overlord race…

Principal Feng and Dean Hao:???

What’s with your perfunctory tone? You don’t like monarch race machinery anymore?

…

At around 10 PM, Shi Yu returned to Ancient Capital University.

After returning, he immediately went to the dormitory to rest.

“Wuu!” Eleven gloomily took out a bottle of bamboo milk from the fridge.

It also brought a bottle of soda and ice water for Baby Ginseng and Chi Tong.

“Yi!”

“Mi!”

In the end, it still couldn’t fight! Eleven cried.

How good would it be to have an opponent with the “Shield Absorption” talent?

It would just turn into a giant panda and do a slap attack without any special moves. Even dragons would get knocked out!

If it couldn’t hit the elemtalized pets?

Then it would hit the Beast Tamer!

It depended on whether these elemental pets were elementalized to avoid damage or to protect Beast Tamers.

Unfortunately, Shi Yu and Buggy didn’t give it this chance.

“Wu…” Buggy used its mental strength to take out a bottle of fruit juice and comfort the leader.

In the future, it would serve the leader in this kind of dirty work and tiring work!

The stronger it was, the greater the responsibility. It was willing to charge for the entire team!

“Wuu!” Eleven was angry.

It bit the bottle and crossed its arms around its chest with a serious expression. No, it wanted to charge too.

Leave the weaker guys to Eleven!

When there were stronger opponents, such as the hostile totem in the prophecy, Eleven would hand it to Buggy to charge into the battle.

Buggy:???

“Yi!” Baby Ginseng thought of the many totems in the prophecy and shuddered.

It thought that these two could charge all they wanted.

It needed to develop for a while…

Baby Ginseng, who didn’t have deterrence skills, was more obedient.

“Mi?” Little Chi Tong quickly turned the ice water into boiling water. After being satisfied, it turned to look at everyone.

At this moment, Shi Yu was already lying on the sofa with his head buried in the pillow.

“Stop fighting…”

“There are still chances to fight next. There are both strong and weak ones.”

“Buggy, go find Teacher Ying and ask him when he’s free to bring us to the Undead Battlefield. It’s just to take a look at the Undying Pond.”

“This time, I plan to let it take us along to kill at least ten thousand transcendent-level undead, a thousand commander-level undead, and even monarch-level undead!”

“How does it sound, training in the Undead Battlefield?” Shi Yu stuck his head out.

He planned to take the time to upgrade Little Chi Tong’s “Spirit Release” skill to expert level.

This was a super skill, but it was abnormally simple to upgrade to expert level.

It actually only needed to kill ten thousand transcendent-level undead, one thousand and one commander-level undead, and one monarch-level undead.

With the lead of an overlord, was there anything easier?

Much easier than adding points to super skills.

Perhaps Little Chi Tong would soon be the first child in the team to have an expert level super skill.

As for proficient level super skills, in fact, Buggy’s Imagination Domain and Dragon of Imagination were already almost proficient level. Even if they didn’t reach it, they were definitely infinitely close.

However, there were no relevant records regarding the skills of Imagination Domain and the Dragon of Imagination. It was as if it had appeared for the first time, and Shi Yu couldn’t judge.

However, with the foundation of the transcendent level Illusory Phantom, Buggy’s imagination level definitely couldn’t be low.

Therefore, although they had yet to officially fight in the current team, even if they didn’t bring any equipment, Shi Yu felt that Buggy’s battle power should still have the absolute advantage.

Although Eleven’s explosive power was even higher than Buggy, the problem was that it only erupted once or twice. Buggy had Instant Transmission and etherealization, so it was still relatively difficult to hit it after Eleven erupted. If Buggy chose to fight a guerrilla battle, Eleven probably wouldn’t be able to do anything.

Therefore, Shi Yu planned to focus on increasing Eleven and Baby Ginseng’s battle power.

As for Little Chi Tong, it didn’t need to rely on points. It just needed to farm monsters.

At that time, it could definitely directly advance to commander rank with an expert level super skill.

Apart from that, Chi Tong could also release two new forms. Shi Yu was filled with anticipation.

In Shi Yu’s opinion, liberating a new form was no different from evolution. Although it was an evolution that didn’t change the race level at a small scale, it was still worth looking forward to.

“Wuu…”

“Wu…”

“Yi…”

“Mi?!!”

When they heard that they were going to the undead battlefield to train, apart from Little Chi Tong, the other three lost interest.

It was gloomy and not fun… Although there was an evolution location there, Baby Ginseng was also more nervous about the situation in the Undying Pond. It didn’t know if it was reliable.

“Objection overruled. Buggy, go quickly.”

After Shi Yu got Buggy to run to deliver his message, he continued lying down.

“Wuu~” Buggy teleported and disappeared from the room.

A few seconds later, Buggy teleported back.

It looked at Baby Ginseng and brought Shi Yu and the others a piece of news.

[Gem Cat: Prepare enough food. You can set off at any time. You can stay over there.]

Baby Ginseng:???

“Yi!!!” Didn’t it prepare a box of gem fruits before going to the capital!

…

…

The next day.

His cell phone rang, and Shi Yu woke up feeling refreshed.

“Ha ~”

After yawning, Shi Yu took a look. It wasn’t an alarm, but a call from the beast-eared girl.

“…” Shi Yu remembered. He had returned with Principal Feng and the others first, but the beast-eared girl and the others seemed to still be in the capital.

No one planned to give them a ride.

“Hello, Senior.” Shi Yu picked up the call.

“Hey, hey, hey, have you returned to the ancient capital?”

“Yeah.”

“We still have to stay in the Imperial capital for a period of time. I forgot to tell you previously. Are you sure you want to participate in the martial arts conference?”

The beast-eared girl’s concerned voice came from the other side.

The martial arts conference…

Shi Yu was stunned. What White Brook had mentioned previously was not a battle between pets, but a battle between Beast Tamers.

He was tempted at that time. Firstly, it was for some of the skill prizes in the competition. He had heard that there would be many skills that could perfectly cooperate with Beast Tamers and pets.

Secondly…

The most important thing was that the martial arts conference was held in a ruins space left behind by a Martial Emperor. Shi Yu wanted to take a look at the Martial Emperor ruins and take the ancient test.

“It’s already confirmed. I’ll participate.”

“Very good, very stable!” White Brook said. “I won’t say anything else. Your Sword Spirit Possession state is definitely very strong in the martial arts conference. I just remembered something.”

“The martial arts conference is allowed to carry weapons and equipment.”

“Some Beast Tamers’ weapons and equipment are pets, but people without similar pets can also bring normal equipment.”

“Weapons for battle and protective armor are all allowed to be worn when the time comes. If we want to achieve good results, it feels best to get one. There’s no need for it to be high-level, but if others have it, we can’t not have it, right!”

“Equipment…” Shi Yu was stunned. In fact, the Flame Demon Amor he was wearing was already a pretty good equipment. It could perfectly adapt to his possession state and offset the burning effect. It was a level-six equipment, equivalent to a top-notch monarch. It was worth more than ten million.

If it leveled up again, it would be a level-seven equipment, which was the level of the Ice Dragon Whiskers…

At this moment, Yu couldn’t afford it!

After all, the Ice Dragon Whiskers was a material close to the totem level of the Ice Dragon. It contained its power and wrapped around its transcendent dragon might. It was impossible for Shi Yu to bear to buy equipment of the same level.

“I understand.” Shi Yu decided to be more balanced. Archeology was the priority, and competition was the support. This kind of competition didn’t restrict the level of the participants. At that time, there would probably be masters, such as masters who had mastered the Fusion Talent. Shi Yu didn’t have any thoughts about first place when there were people like the beast-eared girl.

“Alright.” After informing Shi Yu, White Brook hung up happily.

At the same time, Shi Yu fell into deep thought.

The Fire Demon Armor was not bad… There was no need to upgrade it.

However, if he was allowed to bring equipment, why didn’t he personally create some weapons and equipment??

Shi Yu suddenly got up.

It wasn’t like he hadn’t done this before.

During the second fight, he made Eleven condense a hardened sword!

However, this longsword was temporarily condensed. It was not impressive at all.

But what if Eleven condensed a sword seriously and armed the hardening substance with high-level materials as the sword body!

Apart from that, Buggy’s transcendent level phantom image could condense a dragon soul and seal it in the sword. As power, it could be unsealed at any time.

The illusion it created was the same as hardening matter. It could already leave the main body for a long time. As an artifact spirit, it wasn’t impossible.

At that time, with Little Chi Tong possessing him and him holding the divine sword, his battle power would increase again.

Most importantly, the cheapness of DIY suited him better!

Also… If he could perfect Eleven’s deterrence point before the competition and let Eleven wrap the deterrence around the sword, he would have mental equipment.

“I’m really smart.”

“It’s time to get myself a set of equipment. After that, I’ll go to the Undead Battlefield and test my strength with the undead!”

Swordforger Master Shi Yu was born.

He felt that after casting the divine sword and possessing the sword spirit, he could fight a monarch-level undead!