Chapter 222 - The Sixth Prophecy

The Butterfly of Imagination, Shi Yu!

Shi Yu’s name spread throughout the country again.

If it was said that the results of researching the evolution of the Iron-eating Beast and obtaining first place in the Ancient Capital vocation assessment could not make some people remember Shi Yu firmly, then this time, Shi Yu was completely popular.

As long as it was cultivated properly, an overlord race beast could definitely grow to the overlord level.

In other words, as long as Shi Yu didn’t interfere, he would definitely be a legendary Beast Tamer in the future!

In the country, there weren’t many Legendary Beast Tamers. Every Beast Tamer with the potential to step into the Legendary level received a lot of attention.

A genius youth like Yin Zhengfan, even if his father was a legendary Beast Tamer, was not qualified to be recognized as having legendary aptitude.

Those acknowledged were all people like Lu Qingyi, Heavenly King Zou, and the current team leader of Imperial Capital University, Gao Xuan. They were the younger generation recognized as legendary.

These people basically had overlord pets with extraordinary potential.

And now, there was another one.

Although he had yet to grow up and reach the master level like the other batch of people, there was no doubt that he had cultivated pets of overlord races. In the eyes of everyone, Shi Yu had already found the path to the legendary domain.

However, at this moment, the ones who were the most emotional were still some Beast Trainers in Ping Cheng.

For example, Qiao Liang, the doctor who often sold supplements to Shi Yu, or Beast Tamer Chen Kai, who killed the Ice-Armored Beast in the first battle. They watched the news and cried silently. Why, why couldn’t they be as sick as Shi Yu even though they had already eaten the supplements and become immune to them?

They felt that they had been cheated. F*ck, refund!

…

“This is ridiculous.”

The team from Ancient Capital University and the members of the battle club from Imperial Capital University also saw the news at different times.

On Ancient Capital University’s side, apart from White Brook, the others didn’t know that the little blue butterfly was actually the Imagination Butterfly at all. They couldn’t help but be shocked.

The members of the Imperial Capital University worked hard because of Shi Yu. They were afraid that they would fail in two days, so they didn’t dare to mess with the Ancient Capital University exchange team in advance.

Imperial Capital University’s battle club instructor also stopped underestimating the enemy. This Shi Yu was still worth taking seriously. He couldn’t help but guide the skills of the club members when dealing with spiritual and spatial pets.

He also pulled up the video of the little sword spirit vs the desert monarch, the ginseng baby vs the Zonyan Rock Beast, and showed it to everyone repeatedly and analyzed it.

However, as they watched, everyone fell silent. They felt that the sword spirit was very unscientific. They suspected that it was also an overlord species pet. The corners of Teacher Shen’s mouth also twitched. Fortunately, this sword spirit was only at the transcendent level.

Also, this ginseng baby was even more unscientific. Earth Chain+Strengthening Hard Rock Roar Cannon, Nutrition Fruit+Multiplication+Energy Fruit fused into a tree sea and exploded. This, this was a f*cking supplement ginseng baby?

As many members of the Imperial Capital University’s battle club analyzed Shi Yu’s baby ginseng, Yin Zhengfan felt aggrieved, but he didn’t say anything. Anyone who lost in a video that was publicly rewatched dozens of times wouldn’t be in a very good mood.

Yin Zhengfan: QAQ

He only hoped that his sacrifice would be a little helpful to the battle club in Imperial Capital University…

In short, Imperial Capital University was facing a great enemy.

Although it was only an exchange event, they were national champions. Naturally, they weren’t willing to be beaten up by a small Ancient Capital University.

…

“Senior, I’ve been a little busy these last two days. I’ll look for you on the day of the exchange event.”

At this moment, Shi Yu rejected White Brook’s call invitation to a meal.

White Brook: “Aww…”

At that moment, the members of the Battle Club of Ancient Capital University wanted to worship the Butterfly of Imagination again and hate their previous blindness.

However, Shi Yu was currently busy trying to become a glorious member of the third bureau. How could he have the time to care about social gatherings?

Shi Yu was indeed quite busy.

First, he helped the index install a data chip and updated some feeding knowledge.

Just reading the new knowledge with Baby Ginseng and the others took a lot of time.

After all, some evolution plans and skill teaching plans couldn’t be found when they were needed, right? It was also convenient to memorize them in advance.

Then, he discussed the matters of the Green Silk cocoon breeding base with Legend Hua, Dr. Zuo, and the others and the Feeding Association.

As for the Feeding Conference, Shi Yu did not pay attention the whole time.

Could it be that a feeding team could develop a mythical racial evolution plan to insta-kill their presentation? It was definitely impossible.

In the end, nothing unexpected happened. The Feeding Team of Ancient Capital University easily won the championship of this Feeding Conference.

The next day, President Ye Hui brought the third set of documents to Shi Yu with a smile.

“Ah, this.”

In the room, after handing the soil to Shi Yu, Ye Hui immediately saw Shi Yu’s face turn bitter.

At this moment, Shi Yu didn’t even have the mood to look at his handsome profile picture in the third bureau of identification documents.

He held the thumb-sized thick glass bottle in front of him and looked at the Time soil inside that wasn’t as much as the sand one would find in clams when at a seafood restaurant. He fell into deep thought.

“Uncle Ye, no way. Is this all the soil of time?”

“The soil actually has to be counted grain by grain, isn’t it a little…”

Shi Yu originally thought that the soil of time was at least a mound that the ginseng baby could take root in.

From the looks of it, it wasn’t even enough to support Baby Ginseng.

“Uh.” Seeing Shi Yu’s dissatisfied expression, Ye Hui said, “How much more do you want? Don’t look at how small it is, it’s a level-seven resource. The earth power inside is very abundant.”

“And it’s a resource that contains weak time power. It’s worth a lot.”

“This small bottle is at least ten times more valuable than ordinary level-seven resources. Its price is comparable to a level-eight resource.”

Shi Yu:…

“We’re already family, so it’s alright to give a little more, right?”

“…” President Ye Hui.

No wonder Dr. Zuo, Legend Hua, and Senior Feng said that the soil of time should be directly given to Shi Yu.

It looked like Shi Yu had been eyeing this thing for a long time.

“It’s mainly because the soil of time is a scarce resource that can’t be replenished. These are the only ones left. Why do you want this… Tell me about it… There might be other alternative resources.”

Shi Yu said, “I’m studying the mutation evolution of the ginseng baby now. I need some resources that contain strong mutation power.”

“Actually, it’s mainly because it likes the time element, but there don’t seem to be any suitable resources like the soil of time.”

After obtaining the feed index, Shi Yu had also searched for relevant time-element resources through the feed index.

Unfortunately, none of them were suitable for ginseng babies.

Even for the third bureau, time-element resources were also extremely precious. It could be seen from the soil of time.

“Mutated evolution?” President Ye Hui was stunned.

Then, he shook his head.

It looked like Shi Yu really liked Feeding.

There were a bunch of messy research directions.

How could it not be good!

“However, I feel that maybe we can use the power of the time mystic realm to replace it,” Shi Yu suddenly said.

“Uncle Ye, if I remember correctly, you’re one of the vice presidents of Imperial Capital University, right? Do you have a chance… to send me in?”

Ye Hui had graduated from Imperial Capital University and was now the vice-chancellor of Imperial Capital University. This was something Shi Yu had not expected.

This made him feel embarrassed to communicate with the battle club at Imperial Capital University.

However, Shi Yu felt that the other party definitely wouldn’t mind the fun between juniors.

“Time mystic realm…” Ye Hui was slightly stunned.

“This place is not a good cultivation place.”

“That’s the effect I want,” Shi Yu said.

Time Mystic Realm… He had heard that the environment here was very harsh. Shi Yu felt that perhaps he could let Baby Ginseng try absorbing the power of time here and mutate it to use it with the soil of time.

“Besides, don’t I still have to go to Dragon Palace City to contract a new pet in a few months?”

“If I can use the time mystic realm to quickly grow into a master-level Beast Tamer, it’ll be convenient to contract it. Otherwise, I’ll still be a high-level Beast Tamer. That would be awkward. I might miss many good opportunities.”

President Ye Hui shook his head and said, “How should I put it? The environment in the Time Mystic Realm is not suitable for meditation. It’s only suitable to train the mental state and resistance of Beast Tamers and pets. It’s an incomplete cultivation mystic realm. I don’t recommend you to go there. Even geniuses from Imperial Capital University rarely go there.”

“You don’t have to worry about the Beast Taming level. In order to ensure that you successfully contract a pet in Dragon Palace City, we will prepare high-level spatial resources for you in the third bureau to help you upgrade your Beast Taming level.”

“As for the time mystic realm, although it’s not impossible for you to enter, you can at most spend three days in the outside world, which is 30 days in the inner world. Beyond this number, the danger is too great. Even if it’s a master-level Beast Tamer, it’s very easy to get lost in the illusion of the time mystic realm and lose reason from the corrosion of the time power.”

“In short, we definitely can’t stay inside for more than a month.”

“I see. Alright, no problem.” Shi Yu nodded.

“I won’t stay longer than three days.”

“But not now. It might be a while.”

Now, he had yet to teach the baby ginseng the skill.

It might take a while to maximize this skill to perfection.

In addition, it was best to maximize Baby Ginseng’s other skills before evolution, so Shi Yu estimated that it might take a month.

“Sure. Are you free now?” President Ye Hui asked.

“Yes, I’m free before 2,” Shi Yu said.

Well, he was going to visit the battle club at Imperial Capital University after two…

President Ye Hui smiled and said, “Then I’ll bring you to the guardian of the Time Mystic Realm to familiarize yourself first. At that time, it’ll be in charge of opening the Time Mystic Realm for you and watching over you.”

“Prediction Owl??” Shi Yu was stunned.

“Yes, didn’t you already find it to make a prophecy?”

Shi Yu had a strange expression.

…

Imperial Capital University, Prophecy Temple.

There was a sign outside saying, “Today’s rest day, don’t be noisy or else you will bear the consequences.”

He didn’t know where the owl had run to.

After Ye Hui and Shi Yu arrived, they looked at the cold surroundings and fell silent.

Ignoring the sign, President Ye Hui, who was wearing a gray formal suit, walked to the temple. He coughed dryly and knocked on the wall with his finger.

“Ah!”

“Which bastard?”

A moment later, an owl flew out and looked at Ye Hui in a daze.

“Little Yezi, what are you doing? Why are you here?” It was still the witch voice.

Little Yezi?

Shi Yu muttered in his heart.

What kind of nickname was this?

“Lord owl, I have something to talk to you about. This child might enter the Time Mystic Realm for 1 to 3 days in the future. I need you to take care of the entry procedures. I’ll prepare them for you to see when the time comes,” Ye Hui said with a smile.

“Huh??” It looked at Shi Yu and immediately widened its eyes.

“It’s you!!”

It spoke in shock.

“Lord owl, hello… We meet again. How are you?” Shi Yu greeted.

“I’m not good!!” it said.

Ye Hui:…?

“Little Yezi, there’s something wrong with this fellow. I give it foresight, and strange things keep appearing, such as totems,” the owl said in fear.

“Gave him five prophecies. All five are related to the totems.”

Ye Hui: “Totem??”

“Yes, yes, I also predicted the location of the Undying Nether Phoenix’s seal, broken with a single slash. Investigate him strictly, investigate them strictly!”

“How can I open the mystic realm for them without worry?”

Shi Yu: “?”

Ye Hui:…

Holy shit.

Ye Hui suddenly looked at Shi Yu. Slash the Undying Dark Phoenix’s sealed location with one swing?

Shi Yu opened his mouth slightly and felt that this wasn’t very fair… He looked at President Ye Hui and said, “Uncle Ye, do I look like such a person who’s courting death? It must be that Lord owl’s prophecy was wrong.”

Without absolute strength, how could he mess with the Dark Phoenix!

Ye Hui fell into deep thought. It looked like it.

One look and he knew this guy wasn’t honest.

If he was an honest young man, would he put aside a national-level project and not research it and think about other things?

However, how was it possible for Shi Yu to slash open the Undying Nether Phoenix’s seal location with a sword? The owl must have made a mistake…

However, the five prophecies were all related to totems?

Although the prediction of the owl was unreliable, this sounded a little too ridiculous.

Ye Hui looked at the owl and Shi Yu suspiciously and said, “Why don’t we predict it again?”

“I just want to know what his fifth pet will be.”

“Alright!!” The owl glanced at Shi Yu and closed its eyes again. The hexagram in front of its chest emitted light.

A moment later, its consciousness entered the deep sea. In front of its vision, it was pitch-black and blurry, and there were continuous bubbling sounds.

Boom!

A moment later, an undercurrent surged in the deep sea and emitted a terrifying pressure at the totem level, forcing the stunned owl to wake up. It said with a tone as if it was as expected, “Look, it’s another totem. His fifth pet is a water-element totem.”

“He’s abnormal!”

Ye Hui: “Shiyu, I’m sorry. Lord owl is sometimes mentally unsound. You mustn’t believe the previous premonition.”

He didn’t want the genius shared by Bureau 11 and the third bureau to go astray because of this nonsense prediction.

Shi Yu: “Uh… I understand.”

This time, Shi Yu completely believed it. This fellow was unreliable. From the looks of it, he couldn’t believe all the previous predictions.

The owl was speechless.

It was just about to refute, but something like a Beast Tamer’s fifth pet being a totem creature was a little unscientific and went against its understanding.

Could it really be its fault?

The owl fell into deep thought. Damn, this Shi Yu was born to jinx it.

…

A moment later, Ye Hui and Shi Yu left, leaving behind a messy owl.

It still didn’t understand why Shi Yu’s predictions were so strange.

It was very heartbroken!

At this moment, after Shi Yu and President Ye Hui separated, he suddenly received a call.

“Shi Yu, where are you? We’ve already arrived at the territory of the Imperial Capital University’s battle club.. You’re the only one left,” White Brook shouted.