Chapter 225 - The Point Of Sweeping Through Imperial University

After Shi Yu said that he wanted to challenge the vice-captain of Imperial Capital University, the entire place immediately fell silent.

The members of Imperial Capital University looked over in disbelief.

What???

White Brook and the others were also stunned, wondering if they had heard wrong.

On the high platform, the expressions of the two vice-captains of Imperial Capital University instantly collapsed. They also didn’t understand.

“This guy…” Beside him, Teacher Shen muttered.

What was Shi Yu trying to do?

“Hey, hey, hey.” On the other side, White Brook immediately panicked.

Her excited heart sank.

Shi Yu, Shi Yu!!!

The two vice captains of Imperial Capital University had monarch-level pets!

Moreover, they were all high-level races.

Its energy level was above 1 million!

Don’t you know the difference between a professional Beast Tamer and a master Beast Tamer?!

White Brook had no idea why Shi Yu, who had been timid when facing her challenge, was suddenly so fierce.

Don’t take it too hard!

The venue was still silent.

The students of Imperial Capital University had complicated expressions.

The two elites of the school were crushed by Shi Yu in succession. Many students from the Imperial Capital University were still in a very aggrieved state, but now, Shi Yu almost broke them down.

What kind of idiotic statement was this?

A high-level Beast Tamer challenging a master-level Beast Tamer?

Was he crazy, or did he have enough confidence?

Everyone thought about it carefully. Indeed, from the beginning to the end, even when dealing with the fourth seat of the Imperial Capital University, Shi Yu was still at the level of crushing his opponent. His strength had not been completely displayed.

Even his pets didn’t show up…

What was Shi Yu planning?

“I…” At this moment, the one who was most confused was definitely Yin Zhengfan.

He looked confused.

Too much.

Shi Yu was too much.

In order to surpass Shi Yu, he went to Imperial Capital University from afar and became a reserve member of Imperial Capital University’s battle club.

It was already a very impressive achievement for a 13-year-old young freshman to enter the battle club where experts were gathered.

The reserve members of the club, the official members of the battle club, the elites of the elite school team in the battle club, and the master-level vice-captain.

Imperial Capital University’s promotion system for the battle club was extremely clear. Yin Zhengfan originally thought that he had done very well, but this time, Shi Yu gave him a lesson.

There was no need to challenge the official members of the battle club at all.

The elite of the school team took only a single move.

Challenging a master at a higher level was the start of the highlight.

“This bastard.”

“I’ve never seen such an arrogant person.” Bai Wenjie, one of the vice-captains of the Battle Club of the Imperial Capital University, stood on the high platform and looked down intently. He was angry.

It was already a slap in the face that Shi Yu, a new student from Ancient Capital University, managed to crush two elites of the Imperial Capital University team.

However, they couldn’t say anything. After all, everything was in the exchange rules.

However, he didn’t expect the challenge to end up on him.

The moment Shi Yu spoke, his mind went blank.

“Too arrogant!” Beside Bai Wenjie, the other single-tailed female vice-captain of Imperial Capital University also had a sullen expression. She said, “Bai Wenjie, go and teach him a lesson.”

“Show him.”

“Alright! No, why is it me and not you? You’re also a vice-captain.” Bai Wenjie looked at the other party.

“You’re stronger and more stable than me. Is there a problem?” she asked with a frown.

“No problem, no problem,” Bai Wenjie said in a low voice. It was just that he kept feeling that something was wrong.

More stable?

Jiang Ran felt that there was an unstable factor in their master-level vice-captain fighting Shi Yu??

When Bai Wenjie suddenly snapped back to reality, he had already walked down unknowingly. Under the gaze of hundreds of people, he walked down expressionlessly.

At this moment, the scene was silent again.

They were shocked. Under Shi Yu’s invitation, someone really stood forward.

“It’s… It’s Captain Bai!”

Seeing this man come down, the members of the battle club exclaimed.

In Imperial Capital University, the main team went missing all year round. It only appeared in the National League and some relatively important occasions. Usually, it was the two masters, Bai Wenjie and Jiang Ran, who managed the club.

The strength of each of them was not inferior to the leader level figure of Ancient Capital University, White Brook.

After Bai Wenjie came down, he looked at Shi Yu calmly.

“Bai Wenjie, vice-captain of the Imperial Capital University’s team.”

“Although this doesn’t follow the rules, I accept your challenge.”

“You mean you want to challenge our commander rank pets, right?”

As soon as he finished speaking, everyone present revealed enlightened expressions.

They almost forgot.

Even if it was a master-level Beast Tamer, not every pet was at the monarch level.

It was already not bad to have one.

Two was already very strong.

Most master-level Beast Tamers’ pets, apart from trump cards, were still commander-level.

Initially, everyone was still wondering why Shi Yu was so unwise as to challenge a master-level Beast Tamer, but if he only wanted to challenge the other party’s second tier pet, that was understandable.

But even so, a master-level Beast Tamer’s commander-level pet couldn’t be compared to a professional Beast Tamer’s commander-level pet.

Because the development of a master-level Beast Tamer’s Beast Taming Talent would definitely be stronger.

It wasn’t difficult to use the strengthening talent to increase the pet’s energy level by 100,000 at once.

If a pet with 50,000 energy points was controlled by a high-level Beast Tamer with enhanced talent, its battle power might only increase by one-fifth or two.

But if it was controlled by a master, its battle power might even increase by two or three times.

After Bai Wenjie came down, he thought carefully. This was the only factor that could make Jiang Ran feel it was unstable.

If Shi Yu wanted to challenge their commander-level pet, with the abnormality of this Imagination Butterfly… Even they might have to deal with it carefully. After all, the spatial element was too strange.

However, Bai Wenjie felt that Jiang Ran was still too cowardly. Even in a commander battle, with their Beast Taming Talent, it was definitely not what Shi Yu could resist.

He could directly raise the energy of a commander-level pet with 100,000 energy points to 200,000 or 300,000. How could he lose?

“You’re worried about this?” On the high platform, Teacher Shen asked Jiang Ran.

Jiang Ran nodded and said, “What if the other party has some trump card that can defeat the opponent with more than 100,000 energy… Bai Wenjie’s energy qualitative change talent is more stable.”

Her expression was serious. The elites of the school team had already lost. If the two master-level deputy teams also lost, Imperial Capital University would definitely become a clown in this exchange match.

After all, they were the first in the country last year!

Although their average strength was inferior to that of Demon Capital last year and couldn’t be considered top-notch, and they had relied on the main team to turn the tide, it still couldn’t be denied that the power of Imperial Capital University far exceeded that of Ancient Capital University.

If the national champion team lost to a new student from Ancient Capital University, the students of Imperial Capital University would definitely lose face in the next year.

At that time, it would probably be difficult for Imperial Capital University to even recruit students. All the geniuses would run to Demon and Ancient Capital.

“No, what I want to challenge is a monarch-level pet.” At this moment, while everyone was waiting for Shi Yu’s answer, Shi Yu said rather seriously, giving everyone a fright.

As soon as he finished speaking, everyone revealed stunned expressions again.

Even Bo Wenjie, Jiang Ran, Teacher Shen, and the others’ minds went blank again.

Yin Zhengfan and the others widened their eyes.

Why didn’t this guy follow the routine again!!

“You want to challenge a monarch?”

Bai Wenjie was stunned and laughed in anger. Did Shi Yu know what this concept was??

Did he know???

Ten times the energy difference!

“Yes…” Shi Yu nodded heavily.

“So, Senior, do you want to accept the challenge?”

“Alright.” Bai Wenjie smiled, somewhat unable to understand, but he still said, “You decide the rules.”

“Of course, even if it’s a 4VS1, I don’t mind.” He was extremely calm.

He was unwilling to bully Shi Yu.

Shi Yu shook his head and said, “No, 1VS1 is fine.”

He looked at the butterfly in the air and said, “My pet is still this.”

“1VS1 irregular battle,” Shi Yu said.

On the other hand, Bai Wenjie’s expression was heavy. It was unknown what he was thinking.

At that moment, there was no doubt that the entire place fell into an uproar.

The progress of the exchange was completely unexpected.

Now, it had actually evolved into Ancient Capital University’s new student vs Imperial Capital University’s number two?

Moreover, everyone originally thought that Shi Yu had a new trump card.

But now, it seemed that the pet sent out was still this Imagination Butterfly!

Even the members of Ancient Capital University could not understand Shi Yu’s intention at this moment.

At this moment, only Buggy was very excited.

Charge!

This was the first time it displayed its divine might after evolution.

It floated in the air like an overlord. It didn’t have the slightest fear of challenging someone above its level and looked down on the other party.

“Heh…”

On the other side, Bai Wenjie chuckled. Suddenly, a huge blue summoning array appeared opposite Shi Yu and the others.

“Wu!!!!”

A terrifying roar came from the summoning array.

In the next moment, a huge beast that was five meters tall and covered in white jade slowly appeared.

It had dry skin that lingered with cold air, long fangs and a huge nose, and a cold gaze.

“Wu!!!!” The moment it appeared, the venue under its feet was instantly frozen. A terrifying coldness instantly enveloped the entire hall.

[Name]: Ice River Mammoth

[Race Level]: High Class Monarch

[Level of Growth]: Monarch Level

[Energy Points]: 1250487

The moment the giant elephant appeared, many people compared the strength of the two pets. At this moment, the outcome seemed to be fixed.

Shi Yu looked at the energy value of the Ice River Mammoth and sighed with emotion at the huge difference between commander rank and monarch rank.

Ten times the energy of the Butterfly of Imagination…

“What’s Shi Yu thinking?”

“Ten times the difference.”

Everyone looked at the level information on the battle screen and felt suffocated.

When Shi Yu and Yin Zhengfan fought, there was an energy detection device. Naturally, there were also such devices in the battle club.

This was also why many members of the battle club did not dare to face Shi Yu at that time.

An ideal overlord with 140,000 energy points was ridiculous.

It was almost close to the 200,000 standard for transcendent races at the level of monarchs.

But now…

[Name]: Imagination Butterfly

[Energy Points]: 144,215

[Name]: Ice River Mammoth

[Energy Points]: 1250487

In the face of the terrifying strength of a monarch race and monarch level, what was the point of the butterfly fighting?

“Is it possible that Shi Yu didn’t want to win from the start? He felt that it was a little mean to destroy the two of us. He wanted to deliberately lose to show his friendliness, but he wasn’t too embarrassed to lose to a high-level Beast Tamer, so he chose the vice-captain?”

“After all, even if he loses to a Master, there’s nothing to be ashamed of.”

A big genius guessed.

Everyone couldn’t help but look at him as if he was a fool.

How was that possible?

At this moment, looking at the huge difference between the two pets, Bai Wenjie also smiled.

He smiled and shook his head, still not very understanding.

He felt that the scene of Shi Yu and Liang Yan’s battle was about to repeat itself.

Perhaps the Ice River Mammoth could instantly kill the Butterfly with its deterrence alone.

This was the crushing effect of level.

No matter how great the potential of the overlord race was, the overlord race that had yet to mature was still weak.

Facing the Ice River Mammoth that had already grown to nearly complete stage, there was no chance of winning.

“Then I’ll let you see the difference between monarch rank and commander rank.”

He didn’t even plan to use his talent. That was too much of a bully.

Bai Wenjie spoke calmly. The moment his words fell, the Ice River Mammoth let out a long roar again!

“Wu!!!!!!”

As it spoke, a terrifying monarch aura immediately erupted!

Expert deterrence, monarch aura!!

Although the deterrence proficiency of the Ice River Mammoth was inferior to the Butterfly of Imagination, its growth level was high.

With the support of a huge amount of spiritual energy, even if the Butterfly of Imagination mastered transcendent deterrence, it would be useless.

Boom!!!

In an instant, the almost corporeal monarch aura seemed to be mixed with the power of frost, causing the entire arena to instantly freeze. At this moment, the terrifying coldness could be clearly sensed even by the Beast Tamers elsewhere in the venue.

A huge aura that was like a snowstorm instantly attacked the Butterfly of Imagination.

At this moment, everyone changed their positions and thought about it. They stood from the perspective of Shi Yu and the Butterfly of Imagination, but they didn’t know how to resist at all.

But…

Shi Yu and the Butterfly of Imagination’s expressions were still calm.

This calmness made Yin Zhengfan, Jiang Ran, Teacher Shen, and the others unable to understand. It also made White Brook and the others confused.

At this moment, everyone’s attention was attracted by the venue.

No one realized that the energy value information of the Butterfly of Imagination quietly changed on the big screen that displayed the details of the battle.

Beep… Beep… Beep…

In a short instant, the energy value of the Imagination Butterfly, which was still “140,000” just now, began to increase crazily.

“Buggy, Dragon Might.”

Shi Yu had already given the order in his heart.

The moment the deterrence from the other side attacked, the entire venue seemed to have been pulled into another world.

Everything around him turned blue. The sky that emitted a blue aura, the ground that was covered in a blue aura, and even a dazzling blue-white sun and countless clouds.

Super skill, Imagination Domain, instantly activated!

In the field of imagination, Buggy glanced at the other party and also released its full body’s deterrence. Invisible blue waves surrounded its body!

“Roar!!!”

This time, it was still not the sound of a butterfly, but a dragon roar.

It was similar to the dragon roar when the Tyrant Dragon revived back then, but in terms of aura, it was even more terrifying.

Blue dragon might instantly blossomed from Buggy’s body and turned into a tsunami-like wave that attacked the other party.

At the next moment, everyone was stunned.

Boom!

The two auras directly collided midway and actually instantly squeezed together. Countless blue electric arcs began to shoot out in mid-air. The invisible wave directly divided the frozen arena like sword aura again!

Crack!!

It wasn’t as simple as splitting apart. In an instant, apart from the safe area where the two Beast Tamers stood, the battle area directly rumbled like a sign of collapse under the pressure of the two auras!

At this moment, the entire venue seemed to be wrapped in two terrifying auras. The huge auras fought each other. This scene made everyone completely confused. The Ice River Mammoth and Bai Wenjie directly revealed stunned expressions.

How was this possible? How could the deterrence on the other side resist a monarch-level deterrence??

“Roar!!!!”

However, it was not as simple as just resisting.

As time passed, the deterrence of the Ice River Mammoth almost showed signs of being suppressed.

“Roar!!!”

Then, an even more ridiculous scene appeared.

At this moment, the surrounding space cracked, and countless spatial cracks filled the sky.

In the clouds in the sky, a phantom figure appeared and gradually formed a divine dragon body.

It was a huge dragon-shaped body covered in blue and white dragon scales, a huge Eastern dragon.

It kept floating and circling in the sky, the scales on its body shining, dazzling the spectators.

Under its gaze, the entire arena seemed to be trembling.

Only then did everyone realize that the deterrence that was mainly used to resist the Ice River Mammoth wasn’t released by the Butterfly of Imagination, but by this divine dragon!

“What, what’s that?!!”

Such a shocking change instantly attracted everyone’s attention.

It made them reveal shocked and shocked expressions.

Countless people sensed the huge dragon might and terrifying magic power of this divine dragon and couldn’t help but be stunned for a moment.

“It’s a divine dragon. I remember the news saying that when Shi Yu’s Butterfly of Imagination evolved, a divine dragon phenomenon also appeared!”

“What exactly is this…”

At this moment, everyone looked at everything in confusion.

Only Shi Yu and Buggy knew what was going on.

Phantom Illusion+Dragon of Imagination+Imagination Domain+Dragon Might!

No…

Most importantly, Dream Stealing+Space Pouch!

As the worm floated in the air like an overlord, in the spatial pocket in its body, the level-seven resources, the Ice Dragon Whiskers, the Tyrant Dragon Fang, and the Sea Dragon Scales, which had the power of a real overlord-level dragon, were also floating quietly in the alternate space!

At that moment, their dragon power flowed continuously into the unknown land and fused into those illusory illusions.

The most domineering thing about transcendent-level phantom illusions was that they could use the power of the equipment to strengthen the phantom.

And if it were just three level-seven resources and illusions, Buggy actually couldn’t do this either.

However, the moment the Dragon of Imagination activated, Buggy instantly obtained the dragon-element attribute, as well as the physique, vitality, spiritual power, soul power, and potential of the divine dragon!

Its dragon-element affinity, the dragon-element affinity of the phantom… instantly increased to the extreme.

The upper limit of the body and phantom also instantly reached an extremely high level.

The burden of the external force on his body and the illusion was unimaginably huge.

The skill Dragon of Imagination instantly made Buggy perfect for dragon-type resources.

The power of the three dragon-element resources was almost perfectly inherited by the worm, allowing it to temporarily reach another peak!

“Roar!!!”

Under everyone’s stunned gaze, a moment later, with a roar from the divine dragon, the incomparably huge divine dragon phantom flew towards Buggy.

Boom!!!

The huge divine dragon phantom directly wrapped around the outside of Buggy. Compared to the huge divine dragon that was dozens of meters in the sky, the body of Buggy was equivalent to an eye on the head of the divine dragon.

At this moment, as the divine dragon phantom and the Imagination Butterfly fused, the aura of the bug in the divine dragon vest reached the limit. In an instant, the terrifying dragon might directly suppressed the mammoth might, and the venue quickly collapsed at this moment!!

A suffocating dragon might swept over, causing the Ice River Mammoth’s pupils to instantly shrink. It was momentarily stunned!

It was also at this moment that Shi Yu ordered Buggy to launch the final attack.

“Profundity.”

“The finishing touch…”

“Roar!!!” As Shi Yu finished speaking, Buggy at the spot where the divine dragon’s eye was seemed to have become the brain of the divine dragon phantom, controlling the divine dragon’s body to keep circling!

In the blink of an eye, the divine dragon’s body substantialized, as if it had become a real divine dragon. It was incomparably huge and divine. Terrifying blue dragon flames wrapped around its body, and the light became stronger and stronger. In the blink of an eye, its strength and speed suddenly erupted. Under the drive of Psychic power, its huge body shot straight towards the Ice River Mammoth!

Boom!!!

When the Ice River Mammoth recovered from its momentary daze, it only felt a blue light flash in front of its eyes. Then, its pupils constricted even more. Under the incomparable super profundity, it felt its entire body being torn apart, and finally, its consciousness became completely blurred!

“Roar!!!”

This divine dragon seemed to be swimming between reality and illusion. It directly passed through the Ice River Mammoth’s body, and its body passed through to the front of Bai Wenjie, whose gaze was almost exploding. Only then did it fly into the sky with fangs and claws, staring down domineeringly.

Boom!!!

Under its gaze, the Ice River Mammoth that was penetrated by the divine dragon phantom directly had a huge energy explosion on its body, completely drowning it in the collapsed arena!

At this moment, everyone opened their mouths wide and looked at everything in disbelief.

Their expressions were shocked, stunned, and in disbelief.

Their values were almost shattered.

At this moment, someone finally realized that something was wrong. Yin Zhengfan, Tang Yun, Jiang Ran, Teacher Shen, White Brook, and the others all saw the change in the energy level of the Butterfly on the screen!

[Name]: Imagination Butterfly

[Energy Points]:1691111

With the support of the extreme power of imagination, with the help of the three tools, the power of the Imagination Butterfly instantly reached the level of a monarch, and it was at the level of a monarch with super high abilities. At this moment, everyone looked at the ridiculously high value and was even more confused… After all, they couldn’t see the three top-notch dragon-element resources in the spatial pocket of the worm.

All of this had completely become an extremely strange and unscientific supernatural phenomenon in the eyes of everyone.

On the high platform.

Teacher Shen’s gaze was about to explode because even he, a top-notch master, didn’t know what had just happened.

It broke through to the monarch level at the last minute?

Impossible!

Another vice-captain of the Imperial Capital University, Jiang Ran, looked at all of this with a stunned expression. Instant… Instant… Instant kill again??

In the smoke, the fallen Ice River Mammoth gradually appeared in front of everyone.

Everyone was shocked in their hearts, and Bai Wenjie’s mind was even blank.

He didn’t want to reflect on why he didn’t use his Beast Taming Talent immediately. Right now, he only wanted to faint with the Ice River Mammoth and leave this unfriendly world.

He was stunned on the ground, his breathing stopped, and his heart beat wildly.

“Looks like I won.”

As Shi Yu finished speaking, the huge divine dragon disappeared, as did Buggy. To be precise, it had become too small. At this moment, it was impossible to detect.

After showing off, the weakened Buggy used high-speed healing to heal the damage caused by forcefully accepting the power of a level-seven equipment. At the same time, it flew towards Shi Yu and slowly landed on his shoulder. It couldn’t even bear to use Instant Transmission at this moment.

“Zhengfan!”

At this moment, although Bai Wenjie did not faint, there were already others who fainted.

“Zhengfan, what’s wrong?”

In the audience seats of Imperial Capital University, Yin Zhengfan watched this battle in shock the whole time. His heart rate might even be faster than Bai Wenjie himself. As the Ice River Mammoth was insta-killed, his cognitive vision completely shattered, as if he had suffered a heat stroke and collapsed. He instantly felt a little dizzy, and on the verge of collapse, he stuck his head between his thighs with sweat all over his face and panted heavily.

Now, be it teachers or students, or members of Imperial Capital University or Ancient Capital University, they were all panting as they watched everything.

At this moment, Shi Yu still didn’t seem to be satisfied.

To be precise, he wasn’t the one who was unhappy.

Instead, a serious protest came from Eleven in the Beast Taming Space!

“Wu wu wu.”

If Buggy was done showing off, what about Eleven?!

If it couldn’t defeat a monarch rank but completely crushed a commander rank, it was meaningless. How could Shi Yu do this? How could he let Buggy become like this!

“It’s not impossible to continue. The 3VS3 Iron-eating Beast Knight can request to fight.”

Shi Yu looked at the high platform of the venue and at the stunned Imperial Capital University battle club instructor and another female vice-captain.

His gaze directly shocked Jiang Ran.

Fortunately, at this moment, a heavenly voice sounded.

“Shi… Shi Yu… come back.”

“It’s enough.”

On the side of Ancient Capital University, White Brook said with a nervous expression. She was afraid, she was really afraid. This script had seriously deviated from the original plan. Her brain was buzzing. Friendship was first, friendship was first!!

Now, she also knew why Shi Yu didn’t fight with her. He was afraid of hurting her since she used her own body to fight…

Senior Lu, what kind of monster have you brought back!!

“Is it done?” Shi Yu turned around in surprise.

“Senior, didn’t you say that you want me to sweep through Imperial Capital University?”

“Have some limits, of course!” White Brook suddenly stood up and was also shocked. How could Shi Yu directly say such a thing?

However, a moment later, she realized that Shi Yu was using telepathy, so she heaved a sigh of relief.

“You should rest.”

Shi Yu: “Alright then.”

Eleven:????

It charged so much spicy electricity, so much spicy electricity that it didn’t dare to waste at all. It charged for nothing??

Shi Yu also felt that it was alright, because although the Iron-eating Beast Knight strategy could also display the power of a monarch, it was too tiring for a Beast Tamer.

[Don’t worry, this isn’t the only place you can fight.] Shi Yu recovered his smile. Then, he said to the confused senior in front of him who was at a loss, “Senior, thank you for the fight.”

“Let the battle end here…”

“We can’t let the other seniors of Ancient Capital University wait too long.”

Most importantly, there was no more arena.

Moreover, there was a time limit for the exchange. Shi Yu thought for a moment and decided that he should slip away.

Bai Wenjie was just about to say something, but he didn’t spit out normal words. “Aba…”

Therefore, Shi Yu could only turn around and leave himself. He turned around coolly, causing Teacher Shen’s expression to darken on the stage. Her brain felt dizzy, and she was also a little weak like Yin Zhengfan.

At this moment, no one dared to stop Shi Yu from turning around. Even the other vice-captain of Imperial Capital University was holding the railing fiercely, but she didn’t move.

Because at this moment, even if she rushed up to fight Shi Yu, even if she won, it would be meaningless.

He had defeated the famous elites of Imperial Capital University one after another. As a new student of Ancient Capital University, it was not too much to say that he had successfully swept through Imperial Capital University.

Because Shi Yu was only a high-level Beast Tamer.

As Shi Yu returned to his seat at Ancient Capital University, the entire venue was still silent.

Monster! Monster!

As many people muttered, Shi Yu blinked at the other stunned seniors of Ancient Capital University in embarrassment.

“Well, I’m sorry. Why do I feel that the Beast Tamers of Imperial Capital University will release their anger on you next? You guys have to be careful. Don’t get crippled.”

“But don’t worry, my ginseng baby is very powerful. It can heal you.”

As Shi Yu finished speaking, the expressions of the seniors from Ancient Capital University, who had originally been excited and overjoyed to the extreme, and had even started to fantasize about the results of the National League, suddenly changed.

F*ck!

Shi Yu’s words directly extinguished the hot blood in their hearts. They had forgotten that they still had to fight the elites of Imperial Capital University next.

They didn’t have Shi Yu’s strength!

They maintained a blank expression as they looked at the geniuses from Imperial Capital University who had aggrieved expressions and couldn’t say a word. Their hearts skipped a beat.

Tears immediately flowed down their faces.

So it wasn’t just Imperial Capital University that was damaged!! Shi Yu, why did you come back down? Wasn’t he just harming them!!