Chapter 221 - Water Pet In The Dragon Palace

Chapter 221: Water Pet in the Dragon Palace

Shi Yu understood.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

So the third bureau made him an endangered species conservation worker?

How was this distributing high-level pets?

They were clearly looking for a top-notch nanny for an endangered species.

After all, if they let the parents grow with them, they might not necessarily have a better growth effect than if they were with the top feeders in the third bureau.

“You’re now a high-level Beast Tamer. In the future, you can at least contract three or four more pets. It’ll be the same.X” Ye Hui suggested. “The racial levels of these endangered species protected in the third bureau are still pretty high.”

“Most importantly, it’s rare. Moreover, the Bureau will provide cultivation resources. It should be very suitable for you.”

“Indeed, pet training is the most suitable for you at the moment.” Principal Feng nodded.

His own strength was the foundation.

Shi Yu was still in the development stage. What he lacked the most was strength. It was naturally better to have more high-level pets with high potential.

In any case, as a member of Bureau 11 and 3, it was impossible for Shi Yu not to be cultivated.

If Shi Yu couldn’t nurture a pet, few people could.

Two top-notch jobs!

“Do you have any preferences for pets you like? There are still some high-level monarch species pets in an endangered protected state in the country. There are even some pets with potential enough to be considered a quasi overlord race,” President Ye Hui said.

“Are there no overlord races?” Shi Yu looked up innocently.

He realized that he had become arrogant. He didn’t even fancy monarch races anymore. Non overlord races weren’t enough.

President Ye Hui :”…”

Principal Feng :”…”

The corners of President Ye Hui’s mouth twitched. “Don’t think that just because you have an overlord species pet that overlord species pets are common.”

“Generally speaking, if some overlord species pets in the country successfully give birth to cubs, the owner and parents of this overlord cub will allow it to be handed over to the top battle-type Beast Tamers. The top cultivation-type Beast Tamers will form a huge team to nurture it.”

“It will give them the best environment to grow and quickly form battle power.”

“Your situation is the rarest.”

“There’s a chance for overlord species pets to break through to the totem level. It’s impossible for them to be handed over to a person to be cultivated so easily,” Ye Hui explained.

Principal Feng scratched his ears beside him. That was indeed the case, but the problem was that Shi Yu already had two overlord species pets. One was a middle-level overlord, and the other was a high-level overlord. It was ridiculous because it wasn’t as simple as a low-level overlord.

“Therefore, a quasi overlord race is almost the limit,” Ye Hui said. “In fact, if cultivated properly, there’s a high chance that their growth level can break through the racial limit and enter the overlord level. It’s already very good.”

“Oh.” Shi Yu nodded. So that was the case.

However, the quasi overlord race still felt lacking.

“You’re just greedy.”

“However, hehehe, actually, it’s not impossible to contract an overlord species pet again.”

Suddenly, Principal Feng chuckled.

Shi Yu and President Ye Hui looked at Principal Feng.

“However, it definitely won’t be as simple as obtaining it unconditionally.”

“You mean…” President Ye was stunned.

“Have you forgotten the cooperation project for the first and third bureaus?” he said.

“In the totem era, most humans are vessels for the growth of the totem subjects. In fact, in the Beast Taming Era, this pattern still exists in the countries where humans are dominant.” He looked at Shi Yu and explained to him.

“The lifespan of pets is far greater than that of humans, so some totem level guardians who are close to humans are still willing to give their heirs to outstanding humans to raise. It’s similar to a ‘marriage’. Through this method, the bond between the two parties can be extended. At the same time, it can also allow the descendants to have a higher chance of breaking through the racial limit.”

“However, the selection of Beast Tamers for their descendants is very strict. They have to go through many tests. Many guardians who were on good terms with them in the first bureau have descendants of overlord races and monarch races. They relied on this method to integrate into human society.”

“In the first and third bureaus, we reached an agreement to help some guardians take care of the cubs. After all, some guardians prefer to have cultivation-type Beast Tamers nurture their descendants in their place than handing their descendants to battle-type Beast Tamers. Therefore, the members of the third bureau are very popular with some guardian forces.”

Ye Hui said, “You’re saying that you want to give a trial spot to Shi Yu in the third bureau…”

“Not bad.”

Principal Feng looked at Shi Yu and said, “You know Dragon Palace City, right? That place has been friendly with humans since ancient times. It’s an ocean faction that has stood on the side of humans in the totem battles many times. It’s the guardian of the Sea Realm in Dong Huang.”

“Dragon Palace City has had a contract with humans since ancient times. It will hand over some citizens of Dragon Palace City to human Beast Tamers to raise.”

“Over there, as long as you’re outstanding enough, it’s not impossible to contract an overlord cub.”

“Under the command of Dragon Palace City, there are various dragons, mermaids, sea snakes, and water-element life forms. Many overlord factions are attached to that side. It can be said that there are endless opportunities.” Principal Feng sighed. “Qingyi’s mermaid princess was contracted by the factions under Dragon Palace City.”

“The Dragon Palace banquet that happens once every five years is about to begin in a few months. At that time, many human factions will bring gifts and visit. You can understand it as taking the ‘betrothal gift’ to ‘propose a marriage’. If both parties are satisfied, it’s not impossible to snatch back a young overlord.”

“If you’re interested, you can get the third bureau to prepare more ‘betrothal gifts’ that the dragon race likes. The chances are very high. Didn’t you say that the butterfly god gave you a sea dragon keepsake? It’s a witness of your friendship with Dragon Palace City!” Principal Feng said.

“The legendary Sea Dragon of Lin Feng is currently one of the most powerful dragons in Dragon Palace City. With this keepsake, if you go there, the treatment you receive will definitely not be what ordinary Beast Tamers can enjoy.”

Ye Hui was shocked. “What, Shi Yu still has the keepsake of Dragon Palace City?”

Principal Feng nodded. “Yes, if it weren’t for this, I wouldn’t have suggested for Shi Yu to go to Dragon Palace City. After all, the requirements for Beast Tamers there are too high. I’m afraid they won’t take a fancy to a telepathy talent. Even if he can listen to the Voice of History, it’s very difficult for him to obtain the cubs of overlord races. But if he has the relationship of the Butterfly God and the Sea Dragon, Shi Yu might have a chance to obtain the cultivation rights of overlord races!”

The two of them looked at Shi Yu.

That was good.

Were they confident of getting a young overlord?

Shi Yu :”…”

“The potential of the young of the overlord race in Dragon Palace City is actually secondary. More importantly, it isas the connection between the two parties.”

“It represents the friendship between the Beast Tamer and Dragon Palace City.”

“As a huge force in the ocean, Dragon Palace City’s status in the ocean is unshakable. Many ferocious sea beasts, sea demons, and sea monsters are unwilling to provoke Dragon Palace City. They are the overlords of the ocean. If you contract the descendants of an important member of Dragon Palace City, in a sense, you will have an ocean pass. Basically, no sea beast dares to stop you from walking in the ocean.”

“Now you know why Qingyi contracted a mermaid princess. The merfolk also belong to the Dragon Palace City. This way, even if she leaves Dong Huang, she will have great safety in the dangerous sea area. It will be very convenient to explore the ocean ruins, and she might even be protected by the Dragon Palace City.”

Shi Yu: “!!!”

“It doesn’t matter that much if I have this force backing me up. It’s mainly because I happen to lack a water-type pet.”

“When will the Dragon Palace banquet begin? Will I go alone or will someone bring me?” he asked.

Initially, he thought that the fifth pet could only be a mechanical pet, but now that he heard this, water-type pets were not bad either??

After all, he would have to travel abroad in the future.

It was not a loss to cozy up to Dragon Palace City in advance.

Just as Principal Feng had said, with the third bureau, the eleventh round, and the Butterfly God Token, it seemed like it wasn’t difficult for him to cozy up to an overlord race in Dragon Palace City.

Perhaps he could even cozy up to a certain totem level and successfully join the first round…

Moreover, it just so happened that Buggy also had matters regarding the dragon pearl to ask in Dragon Palace City.

It looked like he had to go to Dragon Palace City.

[Wait! Could it be that this time is where Buggy and a certain dragon would mingle together?] Shi Yu was shocked.

“You’re interested?” Principal Feng chuckled.

“A little,” Shi Yu said.

Principal Feng looked at Ye Hui.

President Ye Hui pondered and said, “If that’s the case, I’ll definitely support Shi Yu fully in the third bureau.”

Principal Feng looked at Shi Yu and said, “At that time, the ‘Tyrannical Sea Legend’ will lead the team to participate in the Dragon Palace banquet. The specifics will probably be known close to the banquet time.”

Tyrannical Sea Legend… Shi Yu recognized it. This was one of the Titled Legends of Dong Huang. It had one of the highest battle powers in Dong Huang, an existence that could fight against totems. The weaker totems were even unwilling to fight him, afraid of his trump card pet. After all, he was known for the strongest water-type pet in Dong Huang.

His trump card pet was a mutated Leviathan.

It was a combination of space and water.

Its race level was a quasi-mythical race, about the same as Little Chi Tong.

Its body was a small world that could devour everything.

A Leviathan at the start depended on devouring.

It was even said that in battle, this Tyrannical Sea Legend could let the Giant Leviathan temporarily devour him and his other pets to obtain the power to suppress ordinary totems.

With this person leading the team… there was no need to worry about safety.

What kind of pets could he encounter in the ocean… Shi Yu looked forward to it.

Dragon Palace City was a large faction in the ocean.

It didn’t mean that there were only dragons in Dragon Palace City.

Apart from the eastern purebred dragons, there were also humanoid pets like the Dragoness and the Mermaid. There were also countless sea beasts like whales, sharks, turtles, and dolphins attached to them. There were also a bunch of strange ocean elemental creatures. For a moment, Shi Yu’s heart felt tempted.

“By the way, if nothing goes wrong, the news that you’re the Beast Tamer of the Imagination Butterfly at this time will probably spread throughout the country.” President Ye Hui suddenly looked at Shi Yu.

…

On this day.

The Feeding Conference was held in the capital.

The discussion about the Feeding Conference on the Internet was pretty popular.

However, it was a competition that was not publicized. There was still a difference between a public and exciting competition like the National League.

Therefore, although the discussion about the Feeding Conference wasn’t low, it didn’t enter the top three on the Internet.

At the moment, the first place on the trending list was firmly occupied by the current number one person in the club system, the top-notch Beast Tamer Master, Heavenly King Zou of the Dark Club.

Not long ago, when he announced the news of his secret relationship, not only did it not reduce his popularity, but it also increased the discussion about him.

What the onlookers didn’t expect was that not long after the official announcement of the relationship, the two of them announced the engagement time again. In an instant, this news was pushed to first place by the onlookers.

“As expected of me. Ah Zou, after all, am I not everyone’s idol?” Somewhere, Heavenly King Zou looked at the number one topic on the trending list and patted his shoulder with emotion. It had been too difficult for him to go from a poor country boy to a superstar that everyone was paying attention to. However, he liked the feeling of being paid attention to by everyone.

However, before he could sigh for long, with a bang, the number one trending topic was pushed down.

Then, Heavenly King Zou looked at the news of “Shocking! So the Beast Tamer of the Imaginary Butterfly was him!” and fell into deep thought.

He opened the news and what appeared in his eyes was an ancient photo of an Iron-eating Beast holding a wooden sword…

Mid-level overlord race, Butterfly Beast Tamer of Imagination, Iron-eating Beast Knight, Shi Yu!

The Beast Tamer who made the entire country pay attention to the Butterfly of Imagination at that time was actually a freshman.

In an instant, the entire country was shocked.

Heavenly King Zou was directly stunned. He couldn’t believe that this kind of guy had snatched the trending topic of himself and his girlfriend twice.

“The world is degenerating!”

Ancient Capital.

Ancient Capital University.

“Holy shit.”

“Holy shit.”

Rough voices rose and fell from various professional areas.

Wang Ling from the archaeology Department, Yu Shu from the Battle Department, and the others looked at the new headlines in shock. They were so shocked that their mucus flowed out.

They widened their eyes and looked at the news in disbelief. They felt that they were blind.

The culprit behind the huge commotion in Divine Capital was Shi Yu??

Was this science?! He already had the spirit of General Mu Huiyin. Why, why was his luck still so good? He actually evolved a butterfly of an overlord race!

“Why are you so uneasy?” Seeing that the matter had finally been exposed, the little Gu Master Miao Dongdong, who had been holding this matter in his heart, let out a sigh of relief and looked at the students in the class who showed shocked expressions with their cell phones in disdain.

That was it? He was the first to know!

Icefield City, Ping Cheng.

“Daughter, something bad happened!!!”

Lin Hongnian held his cell phone in shock and ran to Lin Xiuzhu, who was feeding the iron-eating beast.

“What’s wrong?”

The panda senior put down the basin milk and the panda cub and looked at her father and the cell phone in his hand.

“Look at it yourself.” He opened the news page about Shi Yu and handed the cell phone to Lin Xiuzhu.

Lin Xiuzhu took the cell phone and looked at it.

As she watched, Lin Xiuzhu fell into silence, her mouth agape.

Damn it, why didn’t Shi Yu tell her in advance?

Whoosh!

Lin Xiuzhu stood up and turned to leave.

“Where are you going?” Hall Master Lin asked.

Lin Xiuzhu said, “A new set meal for Iron-eating Beasts. Bucket of Green Silkworms..”