Chapter 229 - Chi Tong’S New Form

Chapter 229: Chi Tong’s New Form

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios | Editor: Atlas Studios

The next day.

Under the lead of a cat, the man, panda, butterfly, radish, and sword spirit left

Ancient Capital University.

Destination, Undead Battlefield.

The Undead Battlefield was a very dangerous place. Generally speaking, it was

definitely forbidden to be entered

If he wanted to enter, he had to go through the approval of relevant

departments such as the Beast Tamer Association and get the pass.

However, if they weren’t really short on money, most Beast Tamers wouldn’t

be so bored as to come here.

After all, there were plagues and curses everywhere inside. Even if they wanted

to fight monsters and earn money, this wasn’t the best choice.

Although the soul crystals dropped by the undead inside were very popular in

the ancient capital, they had to have the strength to pick them up.

At the moment, in the ancient capital, apart from the Beast Tamer Troops who

wanted to sweep the Undead Battlefield regularly, very few Beast ‘Tamers were

willing to come here to collect resources.

The Beast Tamer Association, the Beast Tamer Troops, and the Ancient Capital

University were all qualified to approve the Beast Tamer’s entry into the

Specter Battlefield. There were also some special departments that could enter

directly without the approval, such as members of Bureau 11.

Shi Yu naturally didn’t use Bureau 11’s identity to enter this time. Instead, he

used the training documents from Ancient Capital University and the gem cat.

The Beast Tamer Troops of Ancient Capital.

One of the in-charge, Xu Kai, who was a top-notch master, was handling

documents.

At this moment, a report came from the lower level.

“Reporting to Commander, a Beast Tamer witha special identity just entered

the Undead Battlefield. I think it’s necessary to report to you.”

Then, Xu Kai said, “Who is it?

“Shi. Shi Yu!”

The person who let shi Yu and the others pass this time happened to know Shi

Yu’s secret.

They were also present when Shi Yu obtained the recognition of General Mu

Huiyin.

It was also the batch of soldiers who had signed a contract to keep the secret.

“Oh, Shi..” Xu Kai suddenly got up.

“He went in himself?

Holy shit, shi Yu was a key protected target. He would definitely become a

legendary potential stock in the future. He couldn’t go to such a dangerous

place alone.

In the eyes of outsiders, the most impressive thing about Shi Yu was the

Butterfly of Imagination and the discovery of the Green Worm cocoon.

However, the small group of them kanew best that Shi Yu’s greatest potential

was that he had obtained the recognition of General Mu Huiyin’s heroic spirit!

Who was Mu Huiyin? A fierce person who could even defeat totems. Ordinary

overlords were nothing in front of her.

“No, the guardian gem cat of Ancient Capital University brought it along”

“Emmm

Gem cat?

Xu Kai pondered for a moment. That was fine. That gem cat was older than his

grandmother. When his grandfather was still a soldier, that cat often went to

the Undead Battlefield to earn extra money. It was even more familiar with the

Undead Battlefield than their Beast Tamer Troops

However, he didn’t know if Ancient Capital University knew about this. After

thinking about it, Xu Kai still took the initiative to inform the principal.

Undead Battlefield.

A Psychic-controlled blanket floated in the low sky.

A big white cat was lying on it leisurely.

It seemed to be a clean freak and was unwilling to step on the ground of the

Undead Battlefield.

Shi Yu followed behind. Panda on his left shoulder, butterfly on his right

shoulder, baby ginseng in his pocket, and the little sword spirit on his chest.

With every step he took, the surrounding ominous aura seemed to be pushed

away.

At the moment, with the current level of plague and curse, shi Yu didn’t need

to wear anything else. Even if he didn’t wear the Flame Demon Armor, he could

rely on the aura of the little sword spirit to isolate it. After all, it was the

nemesis of undead. It burned the Sun Fire that undead were most afraid of.

Compared to when it was just borm, although it didn’t train much, it could

instinctively use its own abilities better.

“That’s all?

Not long after entering the Undead Battlefield, Shi Yu used the Ice Dragon

Blade to hack a bunch of Awakening-level skeleton soldiers.

It was purely a clash of blades.

The lce Dragon Blade collided with the skeleton soldier’s bone sword. The bone

Sword was immediately sliced apart like tofu, very weak.

This reminded Shi Yu of himself in the Ancient Capital University’s battle

training room, holding the bone sword and being crushed by his sparring

partner’s pet.

Lord, times have changed!

Pa!

Shi Yu casually killed another lanterm monster.

Shi Yu felt that he could defeat an opponent of this level with his bare hands

even if it was an transcendent-level one.

“Mi! Mi

Seeing howhappy Shi Yu was cutting enemies himself, Chi Tong was extremely

sad. It could only follow behind and pick up the soul crystals.

As it pícked it up, it burned it.

“An opponent of this level doesn’t need fusion tactics.”

Shi Yu comforted Little Chi Tong.

Eleven, Baby Ginseng, and Buggy immediately looked at him in disdain.

Nonsense, this guy just wanted to play by himself!

“Are you done playing, meow? The gem cat turned around and looked at Shi Yu

speechlessly.

He wanted to bully the skeleton soldiers by the roadside? That’s too much.

Killing them didn’t increase the Sword Spirit’s Spirit Release skill in the

slightest!

At the very least, only transcendent-level undead had the devouring value.

“I kind of want to try swinging this.” Shi Yu scratched his head in

embarrassment before inserting the lce Dragon Blade into the ruins space.

Eleven, Bugey, and Baby Ginseng showed expressions of “He clearly hasn’t had

enough fun”.

Then, let’s hurry.”

Shi Yu had gotten the big boss gem cat to lead the team this time firstly to see

the Undying Pond and secondly, to quickly farm Chi Tong’s skill experience.

With Shi Yu and the others themselves, it was not so easy to kill tens of

thousands of undead ina short period of time.

But with the overlord-level gem cat leading the team, it was easy.

“It should have been like this long ago -” The gem cat’s eyes shone. With an

Instant Transmission, it continued to bring Shi Yu and the others deeper.

In the blink of an eye, they arrived at a hilly area. At this moment, Shi Yu and

the others were floating in the air under the control of the gem cat’s Psychic

power. Because below, the continuous low hills were filled with cracks and

spider silk, like an abyss, filled with terrifying black aura. It didn’t look like

something ordinary pets and humans could come into contact with at all.

“This is the territory of the ‘Specter Spider, a group of undead pets. They

reproduce quickly and are one of the most common undead races in the

Undead Battlefield. Let’s farm this first and help the Beast Tamer Corps share

the pressure,” the gem cat suggested.

“Ill do it.”

“I can kill it all in an instant.” It revealed a ferocious gaze.

This was a dangerous place on the path to the Undying Pond.

A large number of Specter Spiders lived in the crack. The gem cat felt that it

was very suitable to increase its Spirit Release skill.

“Ah, this.. Let’s see Little Chi Tong’s devouring efficiency first,” Shi Yu said.

At this moment, his index had already opened, and it densely displayed the

positions of hundreds to thousands of undead living in the crack cave.

There were indeed a lot of them.

However, although there were many, it was indeed not difficult for the gem cat

to clean up. The problem was that Little Chi Tong’s devouring speed might not

necessarily be able to keep up with it if it was directly killed in one go.

If he couldn’t digest it and the soul aura dissipated, it would be too wasteful.

“Hmph, meaningless worry. Forget it, you guys can try.” The gem cat lay down.

“Well, there’s no need for Psychic power,” Shi Yu said to the gem cat.

The next moment, BugEY Conjureda soft sofa. The sofa floated in the air. Shi

Yu sat on it and looked down calmly.

“Lie here. It’s even softer here,” Shi Yu said.

“Lie here. It’s even softer here,” Shi Yu said.

These guys were really talented!

“Wuu.” Eleven took a look. In terms of tool pets, Eleven was willing to call

Buggy the strongest.

If it were Eleven, although it could also let Shi Yu sit in the air, it would

definitely be sitting on the electric magnetic levitation steel hardening sofa. It

was impossible for it to be as enjoyable as one made by Buggy.

Buggy: Wuu-

Too flattering

It was all thanks to Shi Yu’s nurturing

“Yil” At this moment, Baby Ginseng also started working. It stood on the sofa

and looked down before jumping down

Bang!

The next moment, Baby Ginseng landed on the ground itself. Like a smoke

bomb, it continued to release a large amount of sweet aura, and it organized

and orderly surged into the crack.

Sha! Sha! Sha!

Before long, ghost spiders came out of the crack. These ghost spiders were not

big, and each of them was only the size of a bowl, but their strength was not

weak. They were all transcendent-level. No wonder the gem cat brought them

here.

[Name]: Phantom Spider

LAttributes]: Undead, Poison

[Race Level]: Medium transcendent

[Race Skill: Spider Silk, Absorption, Soul Thorn

<Introduction> It likes to absorb the life force of humans and other pets the

most. The special spider thom has a fatal virus

Soon, more than ten Specter Spiders appeared. Their eyes were filled with dark

light. They felt the aura of the Soul Fruit on Baby Ginseng’s body and their

saliva slipped out of their mouths.

Sha! Sha! Sha!

In the next moment, the many Specter Spiders crawled crazily and attacked

Baby Ginseng together. Their mouths were wide open. It was time to eat!

“Tch.”

Seeing this, Baby Ginseng glanced at them in disdain and directly condensed a

peach wood sword made of solar energy and wood-element power.

With the peach wood sword in hand, the Daoist ginseng was just about to show

off its might and let them see the supplement that could attack people, but in

the next moment, the peach wood sword was snatched away by Little Chi

Tong, who flew over. Little Chi Tong directly possessed the peach wood sword,

and its battle power increased greatly.

Boom!!

In the sky, the flaming peach wood sword spun around, and the transparent

sword aura that filled the sky directly descended like a sword dance.

High-level skill, Soul Slash!

Under the llusion Sword Dance, almost in an instant, the Specter Spiders

surrounding it died. Their bodies were divided into two and stopped in midair.

Right on the heels of that, the body of the Specter Spider turned into

nothingnes. Soul crystals fell out of its body one after another. At the same

time, an even purer soul aura turned into a flame and floated towards Little Chi

Tong. Seeing this, Little Chi Tong revealed an excited expression. Its whole

body was filled with flames, and it directly swallowed more than ten

transcendent soul auras in one go.

After swallowing the soul aura, Little Chi Tong floated around.

“Mi! (Tl protect Baby Ginseng y

Below, Baby Ginseng was fuming. Protection?! This guy was like Shi Yu, it just

wanted to have fun itself

Pets really took after their beast tamers!

“Yi.” Baby Ginseng had just finished complaining when it suddenly looked at a

crack.

Boom!

An even larger Ghost Spider, about half the size of a person. It was more like

the evolution form of a Ghost Spider. It was more suitable for the appearance

of the Ghost Demon Spider.

[Name]: Ghost Demon Spider

[Attributes]: Undead, Poison

[Race Level]: Mid-level commander

Sha, Sha.”

After this Specter Demonic Spider discovered that its citizens’ spiritual

fluctuations had all disappeared, it immediately ran out in anger. This was a

commander rank undead. Its energy fluctuations were dozens of times larger

than those Specter Spiders.

It had originally come out full of anger, but when it saw Baby Ginseng, its face

immediately turned into that of a fool. After being stunned, it completely lost

its mind. It was like a mad dog that had seen meat after a month of hunger. Its

body bared its fangs and brandished its claws, charging at Baby Ginseng like an

alien.

“Eat, eat!” It opened its mouth and shouted.

“Yil Baby Ginseng crossed its arms and didn’t plan to fight with Chi Tong

anymore. As expected, before the Specter Demonic Spider could rush over,

Little Chi Tong, who had attached himself to Baby Ginseng’s peach wood

sword, directly slashed down with an interlocking sword.

Fire and wood were also conflicting powers. In an instant, a hot and fierce

Sword pressure turned into a wave that attacked like a tsunami, shocking the

Specter Demonic Spider that was charging at Baby Ginseng. When it recovered

and resisted, the fire sword pressure had already crushed its body.

Boom!

Even if its energy level was twice as high as Little Chi Tong’s, in front of its

super strength and Baby Ginseng’s peach wood sword, the Specter Demonic

Spider still burned to death without any resistance.

“Sha!!

In the flames, the painful voice of the Specter Demon Spider sounded. Little

Chi Tong was like an emotionless killing machine, excitedly swallowing the

soul aura of the guy it killed.

“Mi!!” Chi Tong swallowed another commander-level soul aura without any

pressure. It wanted more and urged Baby Ginseng to gather more monsters

faster.

Ginseng Baby: YoH

The team of a ginseng and a sword spirit seemed to like the feeling of law

enforcement.

Baby Ginseng liked to see the guy who wanted to eat it get killed, while Chi

Tong liked to kill spirits, it was a passion engraved in its soul.

“It seems.. its endurance is pretty good?”

Shi Yu touched his chin and sensed the changes in Chi Tong.

It swallowed more than ten transcendent soul auras in one go, together with a

commander-level soul aura, without any adverse effects.

“I told you. Ill just kill all the undead in one go. It’ll save time -I” The gem cat

also lay on the sofa and looked down.

“It might be difficult for other pets to withstand the level of the super skills

being forcefully raised, but it’s different.”

“Its predecessor is so powerful. Even if it changed its form of existence and

started over, its mental strength will naturally be extremely strong. It won’t be

affected by those soul auras,” the gem cat licked its claws and said lazily.

“Ive seen another undead who has mastered the Spirit Release. The method to

increase its Spirit Release might be worth learning for you.”

“Really? Shi Yu scratched his cheek.

“Well, in that case.” The gem cat looked down. In the next moment, its pupils

emitted a light that was like a sapphire. Its huge Psychic perception domain

instantly enveloped an area ten thousand meters away. Then, it suddenly

raised its head.

Swoosh!

Thousands of transcendent Phantom Spiders and many commander-level

Phantom Demon Spiders were directly pulled out of the cave by the Gem Cat’s

Psychic+Instant ‘Transmission.

A moment later, in the sky in front of Shi Yu and the others in this hilly area,

dense and black undead spiders were floating. They were all controlled by

Psychic power and had panicked expressions, not knowing what had happened.

“Wu!!

“Wuu!

Seeing this, Eleven and Buggy’s eyes lit up as they looked at the gem cat in

admiration.

So strong!

As expected of a super big boss with an energy value of tens of millions.

Below, Baby Ginseng and the little sword spirit also suddenly looked at the

Specter Spider hanging in the sky, momentarily at a loss.

Shi Yu’s eyelids twitched as he watched all of this. Was this cat going to wipe

out the entire family?

“Meow!” The light in the gem cat’s eyes dimmed. The Specter Spiders that filled

the sky were directly crushed by the Psychic power. With a boom, the Specter

Spiders exploded like fireworks one after another, and a sky full of soul aura

directly appeared.

Little Chi Tong was immediately extremely excited. He immediately activated

its absorption with all his might. In the next moment, its body was like a

flaming black hole, emitting endless gravity, attracting the soul aura that filled

the sky.

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

The soul aura that filled the sky gathered crazily towards Chi Tong. As Chi

Tong absorbed it, its aura rose steadily. Baby Ginseng, Eleven, and Buggy were

stunned. They felt that its increase was even more ferocious than Shi Yu’s

points.

Was this the efficiency of a big boss leading a team to kill monsters and level

up:??

Soon, just as the gem cat said, Little Chi Tong still swallowed these soul auras

without any pressure. Moreover, perhaps because it had reached the standard,

after devouring it, the short sword-sized Little Chi Tong directly grew to a

normal length.

A red light flashed across the sword. It seemed to have grown from a young girl

to an older sister, and its aura was even greater.

However, this didn’t seem to be the end. After growing up.

A white light suddenly spread from Chi Tong, who had just finished devouring

the soul aura. This light was like the light of evolution.

Boom!

The white light interweaved with the huge flames that surged inside, causing

Chi Tong’s energy wave to increase again.

In the blink of an eye, Chi Tong’s energy level increased to nearly 20,0oo.

It still seemed to be transcendent, but its energy level was close to commander

rank.

Hu hu hu

Under the entanglement of the flames that filled the sky, a voice that stunned

Shi Yu and the others came from the inside of the flames.

Jiu

The voice was timid.

“Eh!!

“Wu?? “Yi?? “Wuu??

Under the stunned gazes of Shi Yu and the others, a small bird spirit the size of

a sparrow, covered in beautiful and smooth red flaming feathers, flew out of

the flames to replace the sword spirit.

Upon seeing this red bird spirit, Shi Yu instantly recalled the name of General

Mu Huiyin’s accompanying sword. Moreover, he could clearly sense what was

going on from Chi Tong.

The form of this bird spirit was the second form after Chi Tong’s Spirit Release.

At the proficient level of the Spirit Dissection, one could liberate the form of

the bird spirit. In the form of the bird spirit, one could obtaina physique that

absorbed the power of the sun to recover their physical fitness at a high speed.

Moreover, this physique could be inherited by the Beast Tamer through

possession.

At the same time, in this state, the Beast Tamer obtained the ability to fly.

“In that case, I can also recover my physical fitness with photosynthesis?” Shi

Yu was stunned.

Wasn’t this a form specially born to increase points!

At that time, the sword spirit would take over his body and fight, while the bird

spirit would take over the body to recuperate.

He could directly let Buggy materialize the sun. Under the dual-charge

treasure of Buggy and Ginseng Baby, the efficiency of points increase increased

in a straight line again

“No, the key is, who else can’t fly!”

Baby Ginseng: “?

“It turned into a bird?” At the side, the gem cat saw Little Chi Tong’s change

and shook its head. The Spirit Release skill was really strange. It didn’t know

what form it could release at the expert level. If nothing unexpected happened,

it wouldn’t be difficult for Shi Yu and the others to upgrade spirit release to the

expert level.

However, he definitely had to go deeper into the undead battlefield. Only then

would there be enough high-quality undead.

At the same time, the moment Little Chi Tong released the bird spirit form, at

the core of the Undead Battlefield, in the deepest underground.. A sealed

undead sensed the aura of its own race and slowly opened its eyes.