Chapter 224 - Valiant Battle Style

In just one round, the elite ranked eighth in the battle club of Imperial Capital University was insta-killed.

In just one round, the elite ranked eighth in the battle club of Imperial Capital University was insta-killed.

However, such a genius actually didn’t manage to withstand a single move from Shi Yu…

If the opponent he encountered was White Brook, it would be fine if it was the master-level Beast Tamer of the various university prefectures who were the trump cards. With the difference in level, it was very normal to be insta-killed.

However, what he encountered was a new student, a new student from Ancient Capital University.

Although everyone was already mentally prepared for this new student to be very monstrous, no matter how mentally prepared they were, it couldn’t change the fact that Shi Yu was only a junior Beast Tamer four months ago!

“Holy shit, it exploded!”

“President, no wonder you trust Shi Yu so much. This is simply too much.”

“This Imagination Butterfly… is so strong. Is this the overlord race?”

On the side of Ancient Capital University, everyone’s eyes were stunned as they muttered to themselves. Their mood instantly climaxed.

Only Xu Ze was restless and his heart was in a mess.

In other words, Shi Yu could also easily insta-kill him now?

“Silence.”

White Brook said in a deep voice.

However, she was the most excited.

Although she had long known that the Butterfly of Imagination was very strong, this was the first time she had seen it officially show its might.

She was also very excited.

She knew the outcome of this battle from the start.

After all, in the previous high-level Beast Tamer assessment, although Buggy only played support, it had already displayed its power.

If it could even trap the Ox-Headed Beast King with the lowest energy level of 200,000 monarchs, there was no need to talk about its strength.

In White Brook’s eyes, it was very normal for the Butterfly of Imagination to defeat these two pets.

However, a deterrence insta-killed them, clean and efficient. It was really Shi Yu.

“Senior Xu Ze is kind of weak.”

On the other side, after Shi Yu finished fighting, he muttered in his heart.

In terms of pet quality, Xu Ze and Liang Yan were actually on par. The pet’s energy level was less than 80,000.

However, Xu Ze’s development of the Beast Taming Talent was far inferior to this Liang Yan.

If Xu Ze could increase the energy strength of the undead pet by 20,000 through Soul Strengthening…

In that case, this Liang Yan could almost increase it by more than 30,000. It directly made the pets with less than 80,000 energy points reach more than 100,000.

This was the difference between Beast Tamers.

In a sense, this was also the advantage of a battle party like Liang Yan, who frequently changed pets.

This was because Xu Ze might have spent most of his energy on training pets, and this Liang Yan probably relied on updating pets to increase the quality of his pets and had more time to develop his talent.

Unfortunately, his pet’s strength was still a little lacking. In the face of Buggy’s 140,000 energy points, it couldn’t resist at all.

Moreover, when Buggy was in the domain of imagination, its mental strength would also undergo a qualitative change. It was like being strengthened by the mental strength talent. The quality of the mental strength would increase, and the power that could be displayed by mental skills would also increase… The difference was too big, so the opponent was even more unable to stop it.

“Senior Liang Yan, you lost.”

Shi Yu smiled and looked at the speechless senior in front of him.

“Next, I want to challenge Senior Tang Yu.” With that, he looked at the first name on the big screen.

High-level Beast Tamer, Tang Yu, ranked fourth in the battle club.

This person was the strongest person in the battle club of Imperial Capital University apart from the three masters…

“He still wants to continue fighting…”

“Of course, that battle just now probably didn’t take much effort…”

When Shi Yu finished speaking, the venue immediately erupted.

At this moment, many students from Imperial Capital University had heavy expressions.

Although Shi Yu was indeed very strong, wouldn’t they be embarrassed if they directly let Shi Yutong challenge the Imperial Capital University bosses?

The eighth place of the school was insta-killed by him, and now he was challenging the fourth place?

“Can Senior Tang Yu punish this guy?”

“It’s hard to say, but Senior Tang Yu definitely can’t insta-kill Senior Liang…”

“I…” Liang Yan still wanted to say something, but at this moment, he didn’t know what to say at all. He was completely autistic.

He retracted his pet with a trembling heart and confirmed that the Shi Yu in front of him was definitely a monster. Even Tang Yu might not be his match!

In Imperial Capital University, a young man in a black casual suit was sitting on a chair. He narrowed his eyes and leaned forward to stare at the arena that had been restored. It had been filled with cracks due to deterrence and he fell into deep thought.

Perfect deterrence…

The opponent was very strong, ridiculously strong.

“Tang Yu… the other party wants to challenge you,” behind Tang Yu, Zhang Yiming, who had been the judge for Yin Zhengfan and Shi Yu, spoke.

“Yes.” Tang Yu was expressionless.

He was feeling very complicated now because he wasn’t confident either. He could only say that he was giving it a try.

As for the students in the Imperial Capital University ranking between Tang Yu and Liang Yan, they heaved a sigh of relief. Damn, fortunately, they weren’t chosen. Otherwise… they would die if they tried.

At this moment, apart from Liang Yan, the others didn’t have the confidence to withstand such a ridiculous deterrence.

Behind Tang Yu, Tang Yun, Yin Zhengfan, and the others looked conflicted, especially Yin Zhengfan… He realized that this Imagination Butterfly seemed to be far stronger than that ginseng baby. The pressure made him feel suffocated.

However, this was also normal. The unlucky ginseng baby was one of the three main forces in Shi Yu’s team. Until now, it still couldn’t fly… and it wasn’t a pet that wasn’t taught deterrence by Shi Yu.

There was no so-called pressure at all… It was purely a supplement.

“Senior Tang Yu, be careful.”

Seeing Tang Yu get up, Yin Zhengfan said shyly… and received Tang Yu’s nod.

“Can Tang Yu do it? Teacher Shen, I feel that the strategy you guys came up with at the start doesn’t seem to be very useful…”

On the high platform, the vice team leaders of Imperial Capital University, a man and a woman, fell silent and looked at their instructor.

Teacher Shen couldn’t say anything either. After all, at the start, he only thought that the butterfly’s energy level was at most a hundred thousand, but now… it was not like that at all.

Because the difference in growth between the two parties was too big, it was impossible to rely on skills to reverse the situation now. Shi Yu had already formed an absolute suppression in strength.

“Tang Yu… should be the one who can resist the perfect deterrence the most steadily.”

“But whether he can defeat the other party depends on whether Shi Yu can crack his talent.”

As Teacher Shen finished speaking, the young man named Tang Yu had already walked down.

“I accept your challenge,” Tang Yu said after stepping onto the arena.

He was the fourth seat of the Imperial Capital University, an elite whose strength was only inferior to the three master students. His reputation in the school was also incomparably huge.

Even White Brook fell into deep thought when she saw Tang Yu.

Why didn’t this kid, Shi Yu, fight them one by one? He wanted to fight the greatest boss right from the start. Although the chances of him winning weren’t small, she kept feeling that it was lacking.

They should let Imperial Capital University continue to have the fear of being ruled!

“Tang Yu…”

“I think Senior Tang can do it.”

“Of course. Among those at the same level, I’ve never seen a Beast Tamer who can defeat Senior Tang Yu. Before the vice-captain broke through, he couldn’t defeat him either.”

As Tang Yu appeared, the confidence of the students from the Imperial Capital University increased.

His confidence was all due to Tang Yu’s special talent!

This was an extremely powerful talent.

He could apply an invincible absorption shield of the same level to themselves and their pets. The shield could be immune to all skills, ineffective against attacks, and turned into energy to integrate into the shield to maintain the existence of the shield.

In other words, only pure physical attacks could cause damage to Tang Yu’s pet.

Any skill with energy added would be immunized and absorbed.

Although there were still ways to crack it, how many races could unleash powerful strength without skills and just their bodies?

It had to be a pure physical attack. Even with a skill like Hardening, the Hardening Material would be absorbed by the shield.

For most people, this was already an extremely unsolvable Beast Taming Talent.

“You decide the rules,” Tang Yu said to Shi Yu.

Shi Yu: “A no-rules battle.”

As Shi Yu finished speaking, Tang Yu’s expression changed.

An irregular battle meant that there was no limit to the number of pets and no limit to the number of props they carried. The Beast Tamer himself could also join the battle. At the same time, he could also attack the Beast Tamer himself.

“Alright.”

Although this kind of battle was rare, it was for at least someone who had passed the vocation assessment. Tang Yu was not unfamiliar with it and quickly accepted it.

Moreover, his talent was clearly more suitable for irregular battles than Shi Yu’s telepathy.

At this moment, the Tyrant Dragon and the Imagination Domain had already disappeared, leaving the Butterfly of Imagination floating in front of Shi Yu.

Tang Yu narrowed his eyes and summoned his four pets.

“Roar!!!” “Wu ~!!” “Meow ~!” “Hu!!”

In the blink of an eye, four pets appeared.

The Ghost Rock Giant with a dark brown body.

It was a bird-shaped pet made of wind elements, the Wind King Swallow.

A Dark Night Six-tailed Demon Cat with six tails and a dark form.

There was also the Thunder Cloud Sprite King that was circling in the sky like a dark cloud and covered in lightning.

Four pets appeared, and a powerful aura erupted from their bodies. They were looking at the Butterfly of Imagination with hostility.

They were all elemental pets.

With Tang Yu’s talent, it was not difficult to determine the intention of this contract.

Because elemental pets could elementalize and were immune to physical attacks!

In addition to the Beast Tamer’s absorption talent, it could be immune to skills. With complementation, this combination could be said to be an absolute defense.

The moment the four pets appeared, the Imagination Butterfly in the sky tested them.

Boom!!!

A strong deterrence wave erupted from the Butterfly of Imagination.

As the deterrence went berserk, the air began to hum and vibrate.

The substantialized deterrence wave tore through the arena again, causing countless large and small cracks to instantly appear like a thousand cuts.

Buzz!

A terrifying deterrence wave directly spread out and swept past the four pets. But at the same time, transparent energy shields flickered on their bodies. When the deterrence wave touched the shield, it was like a drop of water falling into the ocean. It only shocked the slightest ripple and did not affect the four pets at all.

Shi Yu crossed his arms and revealed a surprised expression.

“Wu…” Buggy also showed a surprised expression. It felt that even its other attack skills would find it very difficult to break through that absorption shield.

The shield had a special immune nature. Unless the worm erupted with a million-level energy, all the attacks would be absorbed by the shield.

This was also why Tang Yu’s pet was not very strong, but he could firmly occupy the fourth seat of Imperial Capital University.

The Beast Taming Talent was too strong. For example, Liang Yan from before couldn’t break through their absorption shield at all. The most terrifying thing was that the consumption of this shield on the Beast Tamer was also very small. It was maintained by absorbing the power of the outside world.

“Senior Tang Yu is awesome!!”

At this moment, as Tang Yu’s four pets easily disintegrated the perfect deterrence of the Butterfly of Imagination, everyone from the Imperial Capital University immediately cheered. On the high platform, Teacher Shen and the others also nodded secretly.

If he wanted to defeat Tang Yu, he could only send pets that were good at physical strength to find opportunities. However, the opponent was an elemental creature, and opportunities were not that easy to find.

Or, he could fight Tang Yu himself and make his talent fail.

But now, in the face of perfect deterrence, even Tang Yu’s expression did not change under the protection of the absorption shield. It was not so easy to defeat him under the protection of the four pets and the shield.

“The Butterfly of Imagination alone can’t defeat us. Send out your other pets. You should have an Iron-eating Beast, right? Perhaps it should be the Nine Li Battle Beast now,” Tang Yu said.

Seeing that Shi Yu had yet to send his next pet, he curled his lips. Did Shi Yu think that he could defeat all his pets just like Liang Yan by relying on an Imagination Butterfly?

“There’s no need for it to attack yet.”

Shi Yu smiled slightly, making Tang Yu opposite him sneer.

In the next moment, the Wind King, Yan Storm, wrapped around it, and the Dark Night Six-tailed Demon Cat turned into a shadow and attacked.

The Ghost Rock Giant and the Thunder Cloud Sprite King accumulated big moves behind Tang Yu. They were attack pets and had the mission to protect Tang Yu.

At this moment, the Wind King Yan and the Dark Night Six-Tailed Demon Cat’s speed was almost like a flash. They were extremely fast, and they didn’t attack the Butterfly of Imagination, but Shi Yu.

Since Shi Yu had chosen an irregular battle, he couldn’t blame him for using a less troublesome method.

Any energy attack would be instantly immune to the absorption shield. Could it be that the Butterfly of Imagination alone could protect Shi Yu?

However.

“You’re too confident in the absorption shield.”

“Don’t forget, it’s a spatial element.”

As Shi Yu spoke, four Psychic clusters appeared in front of the Butterfly. They were teleported into the four pets by transcendent Instant Transmission, ignoring the shield.

Although the Wind King Swallow and the Dark Night Six Tailed Demon Cat were very fast, due to their high proficiency in skills, the attack speed of the Imagination Butterfly was even faster than them.

In the blink of an eye, the Wind King Yan, the Dark Night Six Tailed Demon Cat, the Ghost Rock Giant, and the Thunder Cloud Sprite King’s movements froze. The elemental core was directly pinched by the mental power.

As the Psychic team suddenly appeared in their bodies and exploded, their bodies instantly became blurry!

The absorption shield was only wrapped around their bodies, but there were no protective measures in their bodies!

“Roar!!!” “Chirp ~!!” “Meow ~!” “Hu!!”

They didn’t have the ability to harden their bodies internally and externally like Eleven. In the face of the transcendent-level Instant Transmission skill of the Imagination Butterfly, their bodies, which had no resistance at all, were directly injured!

Boom!

In an instant, their bodies exploded like they had self-destructed.

Under the incredulous expressions of everyone, under the protection of the invincible absorption shield and elementalization known as Absolute Defense, Tang Yu’s four pets were directly injured to the state where they became elemental cores and lost their bodies.

Under the sky full of fireworks, only four elemental cores landed on the ground.

This was the final self-protection state of the elemental creatures.

However, this didn’t mean that they had lost their ability to fight, because in the blink of an eye, they started to recover their bodies, elements gathered, and recombined their bodies.

On the other side, Tang Yu was stunned at the change.

If it weren’t for the fact that Beast Tamers were too weak, Tang Yu would have already been defeated because Shi Yu would use it on him as well.

Through this move, not to mention a high-level Beast Tamer like him, even a top-notch master could be successfully assassinated by Shi Yu and the others without being prepared in an irregular battle.

Only legendary Beast Tamers who had mastered various magical abilities could escape everything.

“What happened? How is this possible!” Just as Tang Yu’s four pets lost their figures.

Shi Yu’s figure also disappeared on the spot.

It appeared behind Tang Yu.

Sensing the cold wind behind him, Tang Yu’s pores almost instantly stood up. In the next moment, a hand directly hit his neck, making his eyes widen and his consciousness almost faint.

Behind Tang Yu, Shi Yu’s red cloak fluttered. His hand saber stopped in mid-air. He looked at Tang Yu, who was bending slightly in front of him, and said, “Beast Tamers also know physical attacks.”

As soon as he finished speaking, Tang Yu fainted. The absorption shields on his body and the four pets were also removed almost instantly. Buggy used its psychic power to control the elemental creatures that had recovered their bodies and completely knocked them out.

At this moment, only Shi Yu was left standing quietly in the arena, while Tang Yu and his four pets were all unconscious.

In such a style of battle, everyone’s eyes widened in an instant. They were stunned speechless and felt a chill down their spines.

“This…” Yin Zhengfan’s eyes were about to pop out. He looked at all of this in disbelief and started to doubt his rightness to come to Imperial Capital University.

This time, Shi Yu was even more ridiculous. He easily defeated the fourth seat of the Imperial Capital University, a genius with extremely abnormal talent, in a 1VS4.

At this moment, all the members of the battle club of Imperial Capital University opened their mouths slightly. They stood up in disbelief and looked at the venue.

On the Ancient Capital University’s side, everyone’s faces were flushed as they looked at Shi Yu in disbelief.

Holy shit.

What happened just now?

The four pets lost their mobility in an instant?

Moreover, Shi Yu had personally teleported behind his opponent. The action of insta-killing his opponent with a hand blade was too familiar.

“How is that possible? Is he really just a teenager?”

At this moment, Teacher Shen’s expression changed. The two vice teams beside him also had serious expressions.

Transcendent-level Instant Transmission?

And this battle thought process… no matter how one looked at it, it looked like those Beast Tamers who were proficient in life and death battles!

“I’ll leave it to you.”

After defeating another opponent, under Shi Yu’s instructions, Buggy teleported them back to the audience seats of Imperial Capital University. Next, they would leave it to their own people.

At this moment, as Shi Yu easily defeated the fourth seat of the Imperial Capital University, the venue was extremely silent.

Monster… How the f*ck were they supposed to fight this!!!

They felt that if they played with a lunatic like Shi Yu, the Beast Tamer would die if he wasn’t careful!

“Impressive!!”

Although they didn’t know what was going on, when they saw Shi Yu kill the fourth seat of the Imperial Capital University so cleanly, Ancient Capital University’s side was extremely excited.

“Perfect!!!” White Brook muttered, stunned.

Then, no matter how the other teammates lost, their morale was finally high.

“Shi Yu, well done!”

She was just about to say that, but in the arena, Shi Yu didn’t seem to be satisfied. This was because for Shi Yu, there was indeed no meaning in the level of high-level Beast Tamers…

He looked at the high platform and at the three people who had been secretly observing.

He said something that shocked all the Beast Tamers.

“Next, can I challenge the vice-captain of Imperial Capital University?” Shi Yu spoke and directly challenged the master-level Beast Tamer who had a monarch-level pet. The entire venue was silent, and everyone opened their mouths wide.

Including White Brook, Yin Zhengfan, and Teacher Shen, everyone lost their ability to think. This wasn’t the script for the exchange event! What was he doing!