Chapter 228 - Divine Artifact, Ice Dragon Blade

Chapter 228: Divine Artifact, Ice Dragon Blade

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

After returning to Ancient Capital University, Shi Yu became busy again.

Dong Huang’s university started in February and was on holiday in mid-June.

After more than a month of leave, school started in August and went on a break in mid-December.

It was already June. Shi Yu and the others had already finished their classes. There was only the final exam left.

The other students began to revise before the exam, afraid that they would fail. As for Shi Yu, he began to add points and forge his sword.

Shi Yu didn’t care about the exam results at all.

It wasn’t that he had perfectly mastered all the classes, but it was that he hadn’t learned any of them from the start… It was too late to work hard now.

He only learned knowledge that he was interested in and thought was useful, such as the special meditation technique left behind by Shi Di. Some nutritious lessons were directly ignored by Shi Yu.

As for whether he would fail his classes. It was a meaningless worry.

He was a representative student of Ancient Capital University, the image of Ancient Capital University, and the focus of public promotion. Would the teachers dare to make him unhappy?

At that time, if the genius archaeologist who cracked a certain ruin and discovered the Green Silkworm cocoon, Shi Yu, the Feeder, failed in three or four subjects… Ancient Capital University would also be embarrassed to publicize it.

Now, it was all about the ways of the world.

As long as he caused enough news, the exam pressure wouldn’t be able to catch up to him.

Of course, if other students dared to do this, there would definitely be an accident.

As Shi Yu began to cultivate in seclusion, news about Shi Yu was still fermenting in the outside world.

As the identity of the Beast Tamer of the Imaginary Butterfly was exposed along with the end of the Feeding Conference, the contents of the Feeding Conference were quickly announced.

Among them, what attracted the attention of the entire country’s Beast Tamers was the national-level strategic mission confirmed by the Feeding Conference.

The evolution path of the green cocoon developed by Ancient Capital University would be the main support project for the next decade.

The cultivation routes from transcendent races to monarch races were announced, and the country was undoubtedly shocked again.

Because the data clearly showed that the feed results are replicable and universal.

Those Beast Tamers who had attended school knew the potential value of this project the best. They couldn’t help but be shocked, as if they could see Dong Huang, who would become even stronger in the future.

As the main researcher of this Feeding Program, Shi Yu’s name once again swept through the country, allowing people to further understand this super genius with an overlord race pet in Ancient Capital University.

For a moment, Shi Yu’s limelight even exceeded the previous national champion, Gao Xuan, the Heavenly King Beast Tamer of the Master League, Zou Yun, and the others.

On the Internet, discussions regarding Shi Yu kept coming.

Some said that the results of this feeding could change Dong Huang’s Beast Taming Domain to a certain extent in the future.

Some also felt that, judging from the current research of the Crystal Thought Butterfly system, it was not suitable for all Beast Tamers at all. After all, everyone had different talents. Was it suitable for a Beast Tamer with fire-element strengthening talent to contract a spiritual-type Crystal Thought Butterfly? Before researching the evolution of the corresponding attributes, this project could only be said to be promising in the future.

Just as this group of people made a comment, they were directly spat back by various Beast Tamers with Beast Taming Talents.

Did these guys become a Beast Tamer? Did they earn their own money?

There were people who couldn’t even afford a pet! Now that a high-level pet is in front of them, they’d take it instead of complaining about attributes!

Moreover, the stamina of a Beast Tamer was limited. Even if they contracted several pets with corresponding attributes, could they strengthen all pets at the same time in battle?

Having an omnipotent spiritual pet as a support was simply the dream of all low-level Beast Tamers.

Perhaps in the eyes of Beast Tamers with pretty good conditions, Shi Yu’s fostering results had little to do with them, but in the eyes of those Beast Tamers who were just short of a knock on the door and had similar encounters with Shi Yu back then, Shi Yu was simply a second parent. It directly showed them the hope of becoming a professional Beast Tamer.

It was enough to have the Crystal Thought Butterfly as an initial pet. As long as he became a Beast Tamer and a professional Beast Tamer, he could choose any work to earn money. At that time, it wouldn’t be too much pressure to contract a pet that was more suitable for him.

In an instant, Shi Yu obtained the title of “Friend of the Commoners”.

At this time, the students of Imperial Capital University had the most complicated feelings. They originally thought that the news of Shi Yu sweeping through Imperial Capital University would be exposed by Ancient Capital University and attract attention, but Shi Yu had snatched his own trending topic. This was very exciting. In the Green Silkworm craze, no one cared about the things between the students.

The major feeding institutions smelled a business opportunity and began to nurture large numbers of Green Silkworms.

Some low-level Beast Tamers also captured the Green Silkworms in advance and prepared themselves.

There was also a group of people who established the Shiyu Divine Sect and called themselves believers. They were the first batch of Beast Tamers who went to be insect hunters after seeing Shi Yu’s Green Silkworm’s astonishing performance in the vocation assessment. Now that they realized that the Green Silkworm was becoming more and more popular, they simply praised their own intelligence.

Believe in Shi Yu and gain eternal life!

They would have a great future if they followed Shi Yu. They would contract whatever Shi Yu contracted. It was definitely not wrong.

It wasn’t like Shi Yu didn’t know about the changes in the outside world. Many news media outlets wanted to interview Shi Yu, but Shi Yu was really busy. In the next week, after Shi Yu decided to create a defensive weapon himself, he was abnormally busy.

How busy was he?

The top-notch spatial resource that Bureau 11 and the third bureau had sent to Shi Yu had a function similar to the Ethereal Spirit Stone. Shi Yu had no time to use treasures that could increase the level of the Beast Taming Space.

With this resource, Shi Yu had the guarantee of becoming a master-level Beast Tamer in a few

months.

However, at the moment, he was obsessed with adding points to Eleven and Baby Ginseng.

If Baby Ginseng could evolve, the feedback it would bring would definitely be more than cultivation. He had to do this first!

A week later.

Eleven’s deterrence skill had been taught to transcendent by Shi Yu, and Baby Ginseng had also learned mutation.

“Wu Wu Wu, wu wu wu.”

Shi Yu sat cross-legged on the bed while Eleven sat on Shi Yu’s thigh. As the level of the deterrence skill increased, Eleven’s eyes lit up with confidence.

“Wuu!!”

It was as if its entire body was wrapped in the aura of an overlord. Although it was only a potato-sized ball now, the domineering aura of a king couldn’t be hidden no matter what. Baby Ginseng, who was watching by the side, drooled. It was envious…

[Race Name]: Iron-eating Beast (Nine Li Battle Beast)

[Race Attributes]: Metal, Thunder

[Race Level]: High-level monarch (Quasi overlord)

[Level of Growth]: Commander Level

[Race Skill]: Hardening (Dao Proficiency), Giant Transformation (Dao Proficiency), Electric Magnetic Floating (Dao Proficiency), Energy Storage Lightning (transcendent), Impregnable (Perfect), Inner Power (Initial)

[Taught Skill): Thunder Palm (transcendent), High Speed Healing (Perfect), Super Sight (Perfect), Deterrence (transcendent), Absolute Sleep (Perfect), Multiplication (Shrinking: Perfect. Enlarging: Dao Proficiency)

[Energy Points]: 11111

As the first deterrence skill in the team to reach perfection, Eleven was very confident.

It felt that the world belonged to it. The four seas were all under its command.

“Wuu!!” The Panda King rolled and roared. It rolled to the side of the pillow and enchanted the deterrence on the pillow.

In the next moment, a very intimidating pillow was born… If someone used this to fight a pillow battle, the champion would definitely be him.

“Yi…” Beside him, Baby Ginseng was starving.

Deterrence…

Eleven’s deterrence was already transcendent, and Buggy’s was also perfect. Moreover, it was dragon might. Only it…

Only it and Chi Tong didn’t pose a threat…

However, in Shi Yu’s words, if a supplement had deterrence, how was he to fish and bait other monsters?

Shi Yu was still hoping to use the ginseng baby to gather monsters in the undead battlefield in the future. After all, it was too slow to find one death spirit after another. It was better to let the ginseng baby stand there and release the sweet aura to let the undead take the initiative to gather. It would be best if it could attract monarch-level undead!

“Not bad.”

Now, as Eleven could wrap deterrence around external objects and even skills, Shi Yu smiled and revealed an excited expression.

He picked Eleven up and planned to get Buggy to make weapons together.

A moment later, in the dormitory courtyard.

Shi Yu and the four members of the team surrounded a stone table.

Shi Yu, Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, and Chi Tong had serious expressions.

“Come, firstly, the Heart of the Sword is the whisker of the Ice Dragon!”

Shi Yu took out the Ice Dragon Whiskers and placed it on the table.

“Mi-!!” Chi Tong was very satisfied, as if its DNA had moved!!

Great, Ice Dragon Blade!

“Artifact spirit, use illusions!”

“Wu!!” Buggy was also long prepared. In an instant, the surrounding world turned blue. It activated the Imagination Domain and entered the Dragon State of Imagination. Although it was the body of a butterfly, it instantly obtained the comprehensive attributes of a divine dragon. Under the enhancement of this state, with the help of phantom illusions, the Ice Dragon Whiskers on the table slowly floated up.

With it as the core, a mini ice dragon phantom that was identical to the Ice Dragon Aunty on the Ice Dragon Snow Mountain condensed.

The expression of this ice dragon phantom turned from blank to agile. It was given an order by Buggy to serve Shi Yu as its master. All its power was mobilized by Shi Yu to protect Shi Yu from harm. In the next moment, after the dragon roar of the ice dragon phantom, it slowly changed shape and wrapped around the ice dragon’s whiskers, turning into a longsword phantom.

Shi Yu said, “Next is the first level of the sword. Baby Ginseng, go!”

“Yi!!” Shi Yu shouted. Baby Ginseng activated its Dao Proficiency Nutrition, Slow Healing, and Sweet Aura. Through the way it touched it, it wrapped the Ice Dragon Blade illusion in front of it in a layer of wood!

This was food for the Ice Dragon Phantom!

Nutrition could ensure the continuous absorption of natural life force from the outside world.

As for the Maximum Level Slow Healing, what was even more impressive than the Perfect Level High Speed Healing was that the plants that could be made by the ginseng baby had strong vitality. They could slowly heal themselves if they suffered any damage.

In other words, the wooden sword wrapped in the phantom of the Ice Dragon Blade was an endless supply of Sword Soul maintenance products that could automatically absorb the power of the outside world and automatically repair damage. As for the sweetness, it was an embellishment!

It could make a sword smell good.

After completing it, a wooden sword flowing with cold air appeared on the table.

“Next is the second sword body. Eleven, go!”

Under Shi Yu’s command, Eleven howled and condensed the hardening substance with all its might. A layer of hard black substance was wrapped around the wooden sword.

Hardening Bind, Sword Armor!

A moment later, a black sword replaced the wooden sword and appeared in front of Shi Yu and the others.

Because the source of the sword’s power was the level-seven resource, the Ice Dragon Whiskers, the sword was still emitting cold air and extremely cold.

This was the effect he wanted. When the time came, it could cool the heat brought by Chi Tong’s possession.

The Ice Dragon General would revive in the Alliance again, but this time, it wouldn’t be Mu Huiyin, but him, Shi Yu!

“It’s the last step, Deterrence Entanglement.” Shi Yu smiled.

Soon, it was the last step of the forging. Eleven started to use the transcendent level deterrence that it had just mastered to wrap the deterrence power around its hardening substance!

Bang!

During the process of binding, dark blue lightning seemed to shoot out around the sword.

The dragon might of the Ice Dragon Whiskers, the dragon might of the Ice Dragon Phantom, and the deterrence that Eleven had wrapped around it. Under the three deterrence layers, the Ice Dragon Blade became the top-notch spiritual weapon. With this in hand, as long as it wasn’t a monarch-level deterrence, it couldn’t affect Shi Yu at all.

It could even be said that this sword alone could make monarch-level creatures wary.

Buzz!!

A moment later, as the Ice Dragon Blade hummed, and as Buggy communicated with the Ice Dragon Phantom inside to lead the Ice Dragon Blade, in an instant, the Ice Dragon Blade was frozen with a layer of blue frost. Apart from the black hilt, the entire sword body had already become ice-blue. The blade emitted a white light, making the sword’s appearance even better.

“Oh!”

Shi Yu looked at the Ice Dragon Blade in front of him, and his eyes lit up to the extreme.

“As expected of us.”

“Wu, wu, wu, wu!!”

“Wuu, wuu!”

“Yiya!!”

“Mi!!”

The four pets nodded.

Look, a level-seven divine sword had been directly forged by them.

If this sword was auctioned, who knew how much it could be sold for…

Shi Yu felt that with this in hand, even if he didn’t do possession with Chi Tong, ordinary commander rank pets wouldn’t be his match!!

As for after possession, the power of the Ice Dragon Flame Dragon, the Ice Dragon General, appeared again!

After everything was completed, Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, and Chi Tong also stared at the Ice Dragon Blade, curious about how powerful this divine sword that Shi Yu had instructed them to create was.

At this moment, Shi Yu slowly picked up the Ice Dragon Blade. At the moment of contact, he felt that he could almost perfectly mobilize the power of the sword.

After all, this sword was forged with the power of the three pets he contracted. If he, a Beast Tamer, couldn’t control it, no one could.

“Not bad…” Shi Yu shook his hand. The Ice Dragon Blade disappeared, and it was clearly sent to the ruins space.

The next moment, Shi Yu turned around and walked into the empty area. He stopped after taking a few steps and looked at a huge rock in front of him.

A shimmering spatial ripple appeared in front of his chest. Shi Yu stretched out his hand and directly reached into the ruins space. He slowly pulled it out in the air. In the next moment, with an astonishing cold aura, a blue divine sword was slowly pulled out of the alternate space and appeared in Shi Yu’s hand.

During this process, the ground around Shi Yu froze. Then, a strong deterrence sliced the frost into pieces, causing thin snow to circle around Shi Yu.

Under the dancing snow, Shi Yu raised the Ice Dragon Blade high.

“Basic attack!”

After Shi Yu finished reciting the name of the move, a terrifying frost sword aura wrapped around deterrence and directly crushed towards the huge rock, freezing it instantly. Then, with a boom, it turned into ice shards that flew into the sky.

Upon seeing this scene, Shi Yu narrowed his eyes.

“I can do it!!!”

With this, he was confident of getting results in the martial arts conference!

“…” Eleven and the other four pets shook their heads. They looked at Shi Yu like a child who had yet to grow up.