Chapter 220 - Three Benefits

“The prophecy was clearly very normal this time!!!”

Imperial Capital University, Prophecy Temple.

After predicting the third prophecy, it suddenly freshened up.

It felt that the predictions were very normal.

No messy scenes appeared.

No messy totem creatures appeared.

Therefore, it wasn’t the one with the problem! It was the Beast Tamer just now!

As expected, that Beast Tamer was too strange.

“Where is he?” It looked around and searched for Shi Yu.

“Where is he?” It looked at the beast-eared girl, White Brook, who had come with Shi Yu.

At this time, White Brook was in a daydream.

Realizing that the Future Cat was calling for her, she said in a daze, “I think… he had an emergency and had to leave first.”

Prediction Owl:???

…

At the National Exhibition Center.

How could Shi Yu know that the third bureau would be so quick?

In less than half a day, they actually started to invite him to join the third bureau. The efficiency was much higher than Bureau 11.

With a noble heart that had greater ability and greater responsibility, he came with a nervous mood.

When Yu arrived, President Ye Hui was drinking tea with Principal Feng in the conference room.

“He’s here.”

When they saw Shi Yu push the door open and enter, the two of them smiled.

But no matter how one looked at it, Principal Feng’s smile was a little twitchy.

Shi Yu seemed to be wondering if he could join another bureau if he developed any special feeding results.

Principal Feng: “Research what research! How can a person have so much energy! Moreover, the threshold to enter the third bureau is very high!”

Thinking of his conversation with Shi Yu, he felt a sense of loss. Had the era changed?

This didn’t make sense at all.

“President Ye, Principal Feng.”

After Shi Yu entered, he sat down.

President Ye smiled and said, “How is it? Have you thought about it along the way?”

“It’s not bad to join the third bureau. Archeology and feeding aren’t separated. It’s not impossible to use archeological things to nurture pets.” Principal Feng shook his head helplessly.

He found an excuse to accept reality.

Didn’t the Nine Li Battle Beast come to existence just like that?

“Yes,” Shi Yu said.

To be honest, he was hungry for the resources of the third bureau!

However, the skill index had updated the skill teaching method. With this talent as a guarantee, Shi Yu could still join the third bureau with a clear conscience. It couldn’t be considered a freeloader’s resource.

“Hahaha, good. If nothing goes wrong, the Green Silkworm Cocoon’s breeding base should become a national priority. You can’t run away as the in-charge.” Ye Hui smiled.

In terms of bug-type research, there were only Legend Hua, Dr. Zuo, and the others in the country. Shi Yu was already familiar with them and had received the Butterfly God’s Blessing. He had also cultivated the bug-type life form of an overlord race. The Green Worm cocoon was also developed by Shi Yu. If he wanted to continue researching the Green Worm cocoon, he definitely couldn’t miss Shi Yu.

“Uh…”

However, Shi Yu’s expression didn’t look right.

Shi Yu realized that others always liked to arrange things that they were no longer interested in.

He was a man who didn’t end well.

“He’s probably not interested,” Principal Feng muttered beside him.

Ye Hui: “?”

What did it mean?

Shi Yu took a sip of tea and said, “Well, the Green Silkworm cocoon was accidentally developed by me. I won’t add to the trouble next. Actually, I have a new research direction for feeding. I think this is much more important than the research of the Green Silkworm cocoon.”

President Ye was stunned.

Principal Feng fell into deep thought.

“What is it?” the two of them asked in unison.

Shi Yu smiled. “Of course it’s a stable breeding channel for overlord races. It can also be said to be ‘Iron-eating Beast’s second stage evolution plan’ and ‘Nine Li Battle Beast evolution method’. To be honest, I already have some clues.”

The two of them opened their mouths slightly.

President Ye was just about to say, “What is more important than the research of the Green Silkworm cocoon?”

But now, he suddenly couldn’t say anything.

A stable breeding channel for overlords was important, but was it reliable?

“I saw you mention it in the paper, but hasn’t there been any progress?”

In fact, Principal Feng didn’t have much expectations for this kind of thing from the start.

A stable breeding channel for overlords was too unrealistic.

Even the funds assigned by Bureau 11 to Shi Yu to study the evolution form of the Nine Li War Beast were actually mainly to help Shi Yu buy evolution materials. They didn’t expect Shi Yu to really develop anything.

Shi Yu said, “Isn’t this a new way to think about the combination of archeology and Feeding… Most importantly, I just went to Imperial Capital University and encountered the Prediction Owl… It gave me predictions once and gave me some new ideas.”

Prediction Owl?

The two of them revealed slightly surprised expressions.

Could that thing be trusted?

Ever since the death of the Beast Tamer of the owl, without the enhancement of his talent, it had never predicted anything nutritious.

“Is it reliable?” The corners of Principal Feng’s mouth twitched.

“I think it’s pretty reliable.”

Shi Yu nodded. If Eleven obtained the dark element in the future, combined with the history of this world, and became a Demon God after stepping into the totem, wouldn’t that match? This was because it was rumored that Chi You was also called an ancient Demon God.

In addition, it was suspected that Emperor Wu had also established the Iron-eating Beast Corps. This was also the main investigation direction. Legend had it that Emperor Wu’s army had reached the hometown of the totems, and it was said that Beast Tamers at that time were the fiercest in history.

Not only was Emperor Wu’s personal battle power fierce, but his army was also very fierce. If it was an army of pets of ordinary monarch races, it would probably be very difficult for them to be this powerful. But if it was an Iron-eating Beast army that was proficient in army skills and led by the overlord race’s Demon God Panda, it might not be so.

In the owl’s prophecy, Eleven would face off with a dark-element totem when it obtained the form of a demon god. Could this totem be related to Emperor Wu? Was it an enemy or a friend?

Some totems that had lived since ancient times might know more secrets of history and the secrets of the Nine Li Battle Beast. However, that batch of totems shouldn’t be within the borders of Dong Huang.

Shi Yu thought about it. Wasn’t investigating this better than studying the stimulation of the Green Silkworm cocoon quietly?

At that time, the combination of archeology and Feeding would really kill two birds with one stone.

“Uh.” President Ye scratched his nose. Why did he feel that it was unreliable?

Perhaps at that time, even if Shi Yu evolved his pet into an overlord race, it would still be impossible to replicate.

However, like Bureau 11, there was no such thing as a forced recruitment in the third bureau. He shook his head and said, “The identification for the third bureau will be given to you along with the reward for this Feeding Conference. How about that?”

“Alright.” Shi Yu nodded slightly.

After that, he looked at President Ye Hui.

So… what were the benefits?

“By the way.” Sensing Shi Yu’s burning gaze, President Ye Hui coughed dryly.

He said, “Generally speaking, the third bureau will give the new member three benefits.”

“Firstly, it’s the documents. As a member of the third bureau, you can contact and purchase materials and pets that ordinary Beast Tamers can’t come into contact with.”

“In the outside world, level 7 and 8 resources are the top, but in the national resource bank, there are higher-level materials, such as level 9 legendary resources and level 10 mythical resources. If there’s a legitimate reason to use them, the members of the third bureau have the right to use them first.”

“After all, no matter how rare the resources are, only suitable feeders can maximize their value.”

Ye Hui looked at Shi Yu’s shining eyes and smiled.

Shi Yu: “Mythical resources?”

Instantly, Shi Yu was extremely tempted.

He wanted to ask if there were any materials for Mythical creatures.

After all, through the power of imagination and dreams of Buggy, there was a chance to reproduce the power of totems and myths.

However, he also knew that he was purely thinking about the unreasonable..

Unless he combined the power of imagination with dreams to open up a new research idea in a new feeding field, it would definitely not be that easy to apply for legendary and Mythical materials.

It was mainly because his current feeding research results were completely different from applying for these resources.

“Yes.” President Ye Hui smiled.

The third bureau was definitely one of the richest departments in Division 13. Almost every member had a legendary resource.

If Shi Yu also wanted to apply for it, it would depend on his subsequent contribution.

“Second, it’s something you already have.”

“I have it?” Shi Yu was stunned. “The ruins space?”

“Ahem, no, there’s no ruins in the third bureau.” President Ye Hui revealed an awkward expression and said, “The index. Bureau 11 should have assigned it to you, right?”

“If it’s a new member who joined the third bureau, they will actually also be assigned a feeding index. In terms of functionality, the difference between the two isn’t too big. It’s just some knowledge bias problems.”

“When you’re free, I can update the index for you and open up some feeding knowledge.”

“For example, the cultivation methods of various pets, the evolution plans of hundreds of pets, the teaching methods of thousands of skills… Where to produce rare resources and the activity range of rare pets? The knowledge recorded by these associations can be checked in the index.”

“Moreover, as long as it doesn’t exceed a certain limit, you can also transfer this knowledge to others, so you call it the Feeding Index.”

“Of course, I can also help you upgrade the index to a mechanical life form in the third bureau. If a Feeder doesn’t have his own Feeding Team, it’s actually pretty good to have a research-type mechanical life form as a partner. I think your archeological index still seems to be an ordinary machine.”

Shi Yu was slightly stunned.

There were hundreds of evolution plans for pets.

Thousands of skill teaching methods?

And it could be freely used or even given?

Shi Yu recalled the rich lady, Senior Lu, who had taken out the three Green Silkworm evolution plans for him to choose.

In the future… would he be even richer than her?

As the saying went, knowledge was money.

The feeding index in the third bureau felt even better than the archeological index in Bureau 11.

The archeological index recorded various ruins locations and information both domestically and abroad. This was a huge pit. Although the benefits of cracking the ruins might be huge, the risks were also huge.

However, the knowledge recorded in the index was pure money.

However, the ruins space was still the impressive one. This was probably the core power of Bureau 11.

“I’m envious.” Beside him, Principal Feng listened to the benefits of the third bureau and showed an envious expression.

Looking at Shi Yu, he seemed to see his young self.

If it weren’t for the fact that the benefits of the 13 divisions of Dong Huang were really good, he wouldn’t be working in three departments at the same time.

The first, third, fourth, and eleventh departments all had better benefits.

“The third benefit is very easy to understand.”

“Every Feeder who joins the third bureau actually has a unique Feeding Talent.”

“They either have cultivation-type talent, reconnaissance-type talent, or research-type talent. In short, everyone’s talent is very special.”

“And in the third bureau, there are many resources with unknown effects but huge potential value.”

“Beast Tamers with these top-level Feeding Research Talents are actually the batch of people who have the greatest hope of researching and developing the true value of these resources.”

“Therefore, every member who joins the third bureau has the chance to choose a research subject suitable for their talent. For example, if a Feeder with a natural talent joins the third bureau, he can apply for a rare level-eight or even level-nine spiritual plant to nurture and study it, digging out its secrets.”

“For example, if Dr. Zuo joined the third bureau and she has a growth talent, she could totally apply for a special pet with huge potential but slow growth for her to nurture.”

“For you…” President Ye Hui smiled at Shi Yu…

“You have the gift of telepathy, and you have a lot of room for growth. In fact, I suggest you apply for a pet with huge potential to train.”

The main reason was that Shi Yu’s talent was only suitable for this. He couldn’t let Shi Yu study spiritual plants, right?

“It means that you can distribute a high-level pet?” Shi Yu asked.

“That’s about what I mean.”

“And the ones assigned are usually unique, or very rare, endangered species pets.. Only such pets are worth the effort of the members in the third bureau.”