Chapter 223 - The Might Of An Ancient Overlord

In the battle club venue of Imperial Capital University.

At this moment, there was already a sea of people here.

Hundreds of students were gathered in the hall, and it was extraordinarily lively. There were even teachers from the battle department secretly observing.

Obviously, they were all here to see their elites fight the exchange team of Ancient Capital University.

“Cheer up!”

“Whoever screws up today, the training volume is super doubled!”

In the player area of Ancient Capital University, White Brook’s daily lecture continued.

“Alright ~”

The members of Ancient Capital University were weak.

Sigh, they really didn’t want to fight, because they couldn’t win either.

They only wanted to see Shi Yu fight.

Although they looked forward to Shi Yu, they didn’t look forward to themselves at all…

“Sigh…” White Brook also sighed.

It couldn’t be helped. The difference that could be seen at a glance easily made it impossible for one to have the courage to challenge it.

However, at this moment, many elites of the battle club on the side of Imperial Capital University also had doubts, because a monster had appeared in Ancient Capital University.

They didn’t take the others seriously, but Shi Yu… They had to take him seriously.

Not only them, but the ordinary Imperial Capital students who came to watch the battle also had complicated feelings. They were actually here for Shi Yu.

“Is Shi Yu really going to be here?”

“I came over after watching the news. Can I see the butterfly of imagination of the overlord race?”

“A pet of an overlord race… Can we handle the members of the battle club?”

As the words “overlord race” were too intimidating, many students of the Imperial Capital University started to worry for their members.

“It’s alright, it’s alright. Shi Yu has the gift of telepathy. An overlord race is no different from a monarch race in his hands. Don’t be afraid.”

“I’m not concerned about the Butterfly of Imagination. I heard that he has a ginseng baby that knows how to fight. Is that true? I’m here for this.” A student from the Feeding Department who had contracted a ginseng baby came to visit, wanting to see Shi Yu’s ginseng baby.

“I’m also not interested in butterflies. I don’t want to see the Imaginary Butterfly. I want to see the Iron-eating Beast Knight.”

The venue was very lively. As they listened to the discussion, some students from Imperial Capital University even wondered who was the home team.

This Shi Yu was too scary. He was completely infamous… In short, he was very popular.

…

“Hello, everyone. I’m the host of the Inter-school Competition between Ancient Capital University and Imperial Capital University today, Cui Ying.”

2 PM.

As time approached, on a platform in the venue, a girl with a sweet voice spoke into the microphone on the table.

As soon as she spoke, the voices in the venue fell. Everyone’s gazes were attracted to her.

“This exchange activity is jointly organized by the Battle Club of Ancient Capital University and the Battle Club of Imperial Capital University. It’s designed to promote the friendship between the two parties and increase the level of the Beast Tamer battle between the two schools. Friendship is first, and competition is second.”

“Next, I’ll explain the rules of the competition to everyone.”

Swoosh!

The big screen in the venue lit up.

Then, 60 names appeared.

“The form of this exchange activity is mainly a challenge. The battle club of Ancient Capital University is the challenger, and the battle club of Imperial Capital University is the challenger.”

“The name list on the screen records the names of the members of the Imperial Capital University’s battle club and their ranking in the club. They are the main members of the battle against Ancient Capital University.”

“Members of Ancient Capital University can choose any one of them to challenge. If they win, they can continue to challenge higher ranking members. At 6: 30, the exchange event ends ~ The exchange event doesn’t care about winning or losing, but in the end, the battle results of both parties will be displayed ~”

There was no hard way to let Ancient Capital University and Imperial Capital University decide the winner. It was purely a free challenge by the students of Ancient Capital University. This was the response plan of Imperial Capital University to foreign exchange activities in recent years.

They placed themselves in a very high position to wait for the challenge, but the final battle result would clearly show the difference between the two parties.

At this moment, everyone looked at the big screen.

The first name on the big screen was Tang Yu, a high-level Beast Tamer. He was ranked fourth in the battle club of Imperial Capital University.

As for the top three, they were naturally the three master-level Beast Tamers of Imperial Capital University. They didn’t participate in the exchange, just like White Brook.

The second name was Fan Qi, a high-level Beast Tamer, ranked fifth in the Imperial Capital University battle club…

Until the last one, all of them were high-level Beast Tamers. Clearly, they were all official members of the Imperial Capital University’s battle club.

“Hey, White Brook, it’s time. Who wants to go first?”

As the name list appeared, on the opposite side of the arena, a single-tailed woman in a black short-sleeved shirt stretched. She was one of the vice teams of the Imperial Capital University, a master-level Beast Tamer. She was not among the participants of this exchange activity.

Hearing this woman’s voice, White Brook frowned and looked at the people behind her.

“There’s no need to wait for Shi Yu. Which of you wants to challenge first?”

“Uh…” When White Brook finished speaking, everyone from Ancient Capital University was a little afraid.

Although they were all elites ranked in the top 20 of the battle club in Ancient Capital University, the difference between the two schools was big. It would probably be difficult for them to defeat those ranked around 30 and 40 in Imperial Capital University.

This difference was also the reason why Imperial Capital University let the enemy team choose who they wanted to battle.

After all, if they were too ruthless, how could other schools be willing to participate in the future? This was bad for the reputation of Imperial Capital University.

“I’ll do it.” At this moment, seeing that everyone was hesitating, Xu Ze, the vice president of Ancient Capital University, suddenly spoke.

He looked at a name on the big screen and said, “I lost to the other party in the National League last time. It’s been so long now. I want to see if the gap has narrowed.”

As the second combat power of Ancient Capital University on the surface, he clearly didn’t plan to challenge the members ranked at the bottom of Imperial Capital University.

“Alright, all the best!”

White Brook saw someone come out and heaved a sigh of relief.

Although the outcome of Xu Ze’s challenge was unknown, White Brook was actually very willing to be a little brave towards the members of the battle club.

If Xu Ze, as the vice president of the battle club of Ancient Capital University, challenged someone ranked at the bottom of Imperial Capital University instead, she would also look down on him.

Not only did she look down on it, even if he won, it would probably attract the sighs of the Imperial Capital University.

“Ancient Capital University’s Xu Ze challenged Imperial Capital University’s Liang Yan.”

Xu Ze walked onto the arena and looked at a name on the big screen under everyone’s gaze.

Liang Yan, high-level Beast Tamer, ranked eighth in the Imperial Capital University’s battle club.

“Liang Yan, the other party wants to challenge you!”

At this moment, at Imperial Capital University, a group of sitting members suddenly looked at a short boy with strange expressions.

“Liang Yan, does he know that one of your pets has evolved?”

“You changed your new pet. The other party shouldn’t know about this, right?”

“I definitely don’t know. I’ve never taken it out to compete.” Liang Yan’s expression was playful.

“I remember now. Did you eliminate Xu Ze in the last National League?” someone asked.

“I think so…” The boy named Liang Yan stood up in surprise and said,” It’s him. I was wondering why someone would challenge me. So he’s here to take revenge…”

“You scared me. I thought it was Shi Yu.” He patted his heart.

As one of the top eight Beast Tamers in the Imperial Capital University’s society and a quasi-master-level Beast Tamer, he was actually very strong. He was so strong that even the second-in-command of Ancient Capital University couldn’t defeat him. However, it just so happened that they had approved of him as a master. Teacher Shen sternly reminded them that if they were challenged by Shi Yu, they definitely couldn’t lose.

After all, if even they lost, wouldn’t the others in Imperial Capital University be killed by Shi Yu’s Imaginary Butterfly?

It was fine if the members ranked at the bottom lost. It wouldn’t affect the morale of the members of the battle club at Imperial Capital University, but if the members of the school team ranked in the top 10 lost, they would be finished. If word got out, his salary as a teacher would probably be deducted…

At this moment, compared to the unknown Shi Yu, Liang Yan didn’t care about the defeated Xu Ze at all.

“I’ll go.” Liang Yan chuckled and walked down.

In an instant, everyone’s gazes focused on Xu Ze and Liang Yan.

One of the two was the vice-captain of the Ancient Capital University’s team, and the other was the elite of the school team ranked at the front of the Imperial Capital University. The battle that had just started was not the low-level battle everyone imagined. Instead, it was a collision of strong and strong.

“It’s Senior Liang…”

On Imperial Capital University’s side, Yin Zhengfan was sitting in a corner. His gaze kept searching for Shi Yu’s figure at Ancient Capital University, but unfortunately, he couldn’t find him.

What was going on?

Apart from him, Tang Yun, Zhang Yiming, the other members of the battle club of the Imperial Capital University, the two vice-captains who were present, and Teacher Shen who was observing in the dark didn’t see Shi Yu either. They couldn’t help but wonder if Shi Yu didn’t come…

Forget it, let’s pay attention to the battle between these two first.

On the arena, both parties had already arrived at the battle area.

Xu Ze’s expression was more serious than Liang Yan.

It wasn’t that Xu Ze didn’t want to choose a pushover before challenging this guy, but the key was that Imperial Capital University didn’t have many pushovers. Fighting others first would definitely consume a lot of energy, so it was better to directly challenge this Liang Yan.

If he won, he would take off. If he lost… Then he would go back and train twice as much.

From the situation of the previous National League… In theory, the difference between them wasn’t very big.

“You’re the challenger, you set the rules.”

At the venue, Imperial Capital University’s Liang Yan spoke.

“2VS2 double,” Xu Ze said very directly.

“Alright!” Liang Yan smiled and nodded.

The two of them looked in the direction of the platform. The girl in charge of presiding over this exchange immediately said, “In the first round, Xu Ze from Ancient Capital University vs Liang Yan from Imperial Capital University!”

“Battle rules, 2VS2 double!”

“Now, please send out your pets.”

As soon as the host finished speaking, both parties immediately entered battle mode.

A summoning array appeared in front of Xu Ze, and a white skeleton giant rose.

Middle class monarch race, skeleton monarch!

At the same time, a white book appeared in Xu Ze’s hand. He held it in his hand.

The high-level monarch race, the Flame Book Spirit, was a dual-element undead and fire-type pet. It was obtained by Xu Ze from the Heroic Spirit Ruins.

After getting the book, white flames seemed to appear in Xu Ze’s eyes. White flames floated around him, and white flames wrapped around the skeleton monarch.

Flame Bone Monarch!

Now that he had strengthened them in succession, the two pets seemed to have fused into the commander-level battle power of a quasi overlord race.

“Same old.” On the other side, Liang Yan smiled faintly. Two pets appeared in front of him.

“Roar!!!”

A “dragon” roar sounded.

A huge monster that was pitch-black, ten meters long, and looked like a dragon with three heads appeared!

A Dark Three-Headed Python with partial dragon bloodline!

High-level monarch race, dark element, dragon bloodline!

At this moment, when he saw the Dark Three-Headed Python, Xu Ze’s expression immediately changed. On Ancient Capital University’s side, everyone also revealed solemn expressions.

“Your pet evolved?” Xu Ze asked seriously.

“Yeah, it evolved a week ago,” Liang Yan said confidently.

Apart from the Three-Headed Python of Darkness, dense black ants also appeared in the arena. The darkness dyed the ground black, and most of them walked on the python.

Group pet, middle-level monarch species, Dark Travel Ants. The group was one individual, the individual was the group, and all Dark Ants were split from the ant king.

Seeing this pet, Xu Ze’s expression changed again. What the hell!

It’s only been four months, why did he change all the configurations!

Before he could ask, Liang Yan said himself, “One evolved, another commander species pet was eliminated, and a new pet was chosen as replacement, the Dark Travel Ant.”

“Senior Liang Yan is awesome.”

Seeing that Liang Yan’s Double-Headed Evil Python had evolved into a Dark Three-Headed Python and contracted a new monarch species pet, many Imperial Capital University students were first stunned and then pleasantly surprised.

It wasn’t too much to say that the Dark Three-Headed Python, which had dark and dragon bloodlines, was a quasi overlord race.

Coupled with this new pet, it was insane.

“It’s over.” On Ancient Capital University’s side, the corners of everyone’s mouths twitched.

He felt that Xu Ze was in danger…

White Brook also revealed a serious expression.

“Am I late?”

At the same time, a voice sounded out. A figure sat beside White Brook and looked at the arena.

Shi Yu?

Seeing Shi Yu arrive, the eyes of many Ancient Capital University members lit up.

White Brook glanced at Shi Yu beside her and said, “We’re a few minutes late. I’m afraid Xu Ze will fail.”

“Is the other party very strong?”

“Very strong, an official member of the Imperial Capital University team. Xu Ze lost to him previously. Now that the other party’s pet has evolved, I’m afraid the difference between the two parties will increase further.”

Shi Yu looked at the arena. To be precise, he looked at the Dark Travel Ant.

This pet was very special. It was considered a support-type pet. The creatures that were stuck to it would immediately lose their vision and their bodies would be corroded by dark energy. The energy would quickly disappear.

In addition, the Dark Travel Ant could also use the Dark Transformation skill on living creatures, allowing them to enter a similar violent comprehensive battle power increase state. As the saying went, dark power made one three times stronger.

In short, the Dark Travel Ants had many support functions, and they could even heal wounds. Most importantly, if you didn’t find their core, they would be almost immortal, and it would be useless no matter how many ordinary Dark Ants they destroyed.

In addition, during the process of eliminating ordinary dark ants, the dead ants would also turn into the power of the dark and continue to erode the other party’s energy.

“It’s very effective against the Book Spirit of Flame,” Shi Yu muttered.

As soon as he finished speaking, the battle below had already begun.

Dark Transformation was a super skill that could be used on oneself or others. At this moment, the Dark Travel Ant used Dark Transformation on the Dark Three-Headed Python!

“Roar!”

In an instant, the already very powerful Three-Headed Python’s strength, speed, and energy increased greatly, turning into a black shadow that attacked the skeleton monarch.

The skeleton monarch threw a bone fist, but during the collision with the other party’s trident tail, the bones shattered almost instantly!

Crack!

The flames swayed. Under the corrosion of the dark power, the skeleton monarch was forced to retreat.

“Uh!!!”

It cried out in pain, making the students of Imperial Capital University especially excited.

“Liang Yan!”

“Senior Liang Yan!!”

The qualities of the dark three-headed python far exceeded that of the Flame Skeleton Monarch in all aspects.

The existence of the Dark Travel Ant also completely countered the flames of the Flame Book Spirit. The flames that were originally meant to transform into armor that could both attack and defend, but when it encountered the Dark Ant, it directly became inner fire.

The Dark Ant charged into the flames desperately. After burning a Dark Ant to death, the skeleton monarch would be corroded by the strong dark power. In addition, the dark three-headed python was extremely strong and ferocious. In the blink of an eye, the skeleton monarch was smashed into pieces by the snake tail.

In less than three minutes, Xu Ze lost, causing the hearts of the members of Ancient Capital University to stop.

Bang!

The beast-eared girl, White Brook, who didn’t have a fusion going on, was so angry that she directly smashed the chair handle with a punch.

“Remember, pay him back later.”

Everyone :”…”

Seeing the serious expressions of the members of Ancient Capital University, Shi Yu scratched his cheek.

“Maybe I’ll go for the next round?”

Although the other party’s strength was not bad, it wasn’t ridiculously strong either. It was only comparable to that Fu Andi.

“I’ll leave it to you!”

Before White Brook could say anything, the other members of the battle club spoke.

“So strong…”

At the same time, on Imperial Capital University’s side, they sighed with emotion at Liang Yan’s strength.

The second-in-command of Ancient Capital University was directly crushed by their eighth place. What was there to say?!

“As expected.” A square-faced man stood on a high platform and said expressionlessly, one of the vice teams of the Imperial Capital University.

“It’s just that Liang Yan changes his pets too frequently. The pets who can’t evolve have been thrown away by him. This isn’t good, right?” another vice-captain of the Imperial Capital University, a single-tailed girl in a black short shirt, said.

“As long as we can win,” the square-faced man said.

“That’s not true. This way, it’s very easy to encounter the pet’s backlash one day.” A middle-aged man walked out.

“Moreover, if those predecessors were also like Liang Yan, those guardians of Dong Huang now might have long become enemies after the death of the Beast Tamer. How could they protect Dong Huang like now?”

“Teacher Shen,” the two vice-captains of Imperial Capital University immediately said when they saw this person.

“Let’s watch the exchange.” He looked back at the venue.

Xu Ze lost the battle. He retreated to the player area a little worried.

At the Imperial Capital University, there was a cheer.

As the winner, Liang Yan casually ate a divine bean to replenish the consumption of his dark-element strengthening talent just now and smiled.

However, soon, his expression changed.

Because as Xu Ze returned, a young man in a red battle suit walked over.

“Shi Yu…”

Xu Ze was slightly stunned when he saw Shi Yu.

“I’ll go next,” Shi Yu said.

“If you want to challenge the top 10, be careful. The opponents are also freaks.” Xu Ze’s expression darkened.

At this moment, as Shi Yu appeared, the venue fell silent.

Many people’s expressions became especially serious, and Yin Zhengfan even stood up directly.

“He’s finally here.”

“It’s that Shi Yu.” The important figures at Imperial Capital University, Teacher Shen and the two vice teams, also had serious expressions. Did Ancient Capital University let Shi Yu go on stage so early?

“It’s the Iron-eating Beast Knight.”

“Shi Yu?!”

“He’s the Beast Tamer of the Butterfly of Imagination? A boy? It’s really Shi Yu!”

As Shi Yu appeared, the discussion speed exceeded Xu Ze.

After all, as a student of the Imperial Capital University, there was no need to pay attention to who the vice president of the Battle Club was.

In other words, he was equivalent to an ordinary member of the school team of Imperial Capital University.

However, Shi Yu was different. This was a man who had snatched Heavenly King Zou’s trending topic…

“Let me see…” After Shi Yu went on stage, he looked at the big screen and muttered to himself,” It’s better to start challenging from the top…”

On the other side, Liang Yan was stunned.

Although he was nervous when he saw Shi Yu, what did Shi Yu mean?

Ignore him?

“You guys haven’t defeated me yet.” His face also darkened as he said to Shi Yu opposite him.

“You’re an opponent chosen by Senior Xu Ze. I didn’t choose you.” Shi Yu was rather serious.

“I want to challenge the first three names…”

Liang Yan: “?”

“Shouldn’t the new one take revenge for the previous one who lost?” He explained the normal process.

Why didn’t he follow the routine!

Shi Yu was stunned. “It makes sense, it makes sense, but this isn’t an arena battle. Besides, you’ve already fought one battle, so your condition isn’t optimal.”

Liang Yanshen took a deep breath and said, “Don’t worry, I contracted a Heart of Darkness. With its Dark Revival, the state of the three-headed dragon python and the Dark Travel Ant hasn’t fallen much.”

“Sure.” Shi Yu looked at him.

“Are you sure you’ve recovered?”

“Yes,” Liang Yan confirmed.

Although he didn’t want to fight Shi Yu either, if this situation continued, he couldn’t explain it to his seniors and juniors. It would look like he was afraid of Shi Yu.

From a different perspective… If he defeated Shi Yu… his reputation might even exceed the two vice teams!

“Holy shit, Senior Liang Yan plans to 1v2.”

“Who can win between him and Shi Yu?”

“I’m not sure…”

“But looking at how Senior Liang Yan didn’t spend much effort to defeat Xu Ze, maybe…”

Many members of the Imperial Capital University looked at the venue.

The members of Ancient Capital University also looked at the venue solemnly.

Regarding Shi Yu’s strength, even Teacher Shen and the two vice-captains of Imperial Capital University could not determine it.

But through this battle, they should be able to determine something…

At this moment, facing Liang Yan, who had just defeated Xu Ze, Shi Yu slowly walked forward and summoned his pet.

Boom!

As his cloak fluttered, a huge summoning array appeared behind him. It was majestic and spectacular.

A terrifying mental wave spread from it and turned into a blue aura.

In the spatial ripples, a huge butterfly about three to four meters in size slowly appeared with a strong pressure.

It had an incomparably huge pair of wings. The entire surface of the wings was like white waves surging on the blue sea. Its color and patterns were abnormally beautiful.

“Roar!!!”

At this moment, after discovering that a new opponent had appeared, the Dark Three-Headed Python in the arena revealed a ferocious expression.

On its body, countless dark ants crawled faster.

“Shi Yu…”

At Ancient Capital University, everyone became nervous.

“The Butterfly of Imagination…” Liang Yan’s expression was also excited and solemn. Just as he wanted to test how strong the life force of this overlord race was, a change occurred.

As the Butterfly of Imagination appeared, the entire arena underwent a huge change. The stone arena turned into a brown land, filled with an ancient aura.

The dry ground was incomparably deep. On the ground, an incomparably huge Tyrant Dragon slowly formed.

Seeing this scene, everyone opened their mouths wide.

“Tyr… Tyr… Tyrant… Tyrant Dragon?!!!”

“This…”

In the next moment, an even more shocking scene appeared.

“Roar!!!!”

After the Tyrant Dragon formed, its gaze was fierce and it emitted a strong dragon might. A brown aura erupted from its entire body!

Boom!!!

In an instant, with a cracking sound, the dry ground shattered even more, quickly turning into fragments like broken glass.

A tangible wave bloomed from the Tyrant Dragon.

Accompanied by the revival of the ancient tyrant, the ground began to rumble. The substantialized deterrence wave passed through the three-headed python and the dark ants like a storm, filling their eyes with fear. Their bodies actually involuntarily showed dry wounds under the deterrence.

Bang!

In the next moment, all the ordinary dark ants exploded and died. Under the deterrence, the Dark Three-Headed Python, which had the bloodline of the dragon race, even suffered an unimaginable injury in an instant. Its mind and body were severely injured, and its cracked body spat out black blood. It directly fainted and fell to the ground.

Transcendent Illusion+Perfect Dragon Might+Perfect Imagination Domain…

It stuck to the Tyrant Dragon figure taken from the Tyrant Dragon fossil.

In the true sense, it allowed the dignity of the ancient tyrant to descend into the world again.

At this moment, the Butterfly of Imagination was still floating in the sky. It didn’t move from the beginning to the end. Only the Tyrant Dragon was still looking down at Liang Yan, whose gaze had exploded.

“How… How…” He stuttered as he looked at everything. He felt the two pets that had lost consciousness. He sensed the other party’s strength and his heart was also heavily injured!

He… was insta-killed by deterrence?

Wasn’t this… the skill used for fodder?

“Holy shit.”

On Ancient Capital University’s side, everyone, including White Brook and Xu Ze, opened their mouths wide and couldn’t react at all.

Wait, what happened?

“You’re still human?!” Xu Ze, the vice president of Ancient Capital University, cursed. He was directly shocked. Shi Yu… This… This…

He had just said that the other party was a monster when Shi Yu insta-killed him?

On Imperial Capital University’s side, it was almost instantly silent. Yin Zhengfan’s little face was flushed red, and his gaze was filled with shock.

On the other side, the battle club instructor and the two vice teams who looked down on the whole situation were shocked.

Everyone was waiting for the Butterfly of Imagination to showcase its strength.

However, as the Butterfly of Imagination revealed its strength, everyone lost their ability to think.

Because what they saw was not as simple as the strength of a middle-level overlord race or commander rank.

Which commander-level pet, even an overlord race, could train high-level skills to transcendent? And even form profundities with the perfect dragon might?

Race had never been the strongest aspect of Shi Yu’s pets. What was really unscientific about them were the terrifying low-level skills with high proficiency.

At the same time… Shi Yu was thinking… It seemed like he didn’t have to summon a second pet? The other party couldn’t really take this fight.