Chapter 234 - Sin

Chapter 234: Sin

Translator:

Atlas Studios

Editor:

Atlas Studios

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

At the edge of the Undead Battlefield.

In the Beast Tamer Troops.

Master Xu Kai’s mind was a little blank when he saw Shi Yu and the others suddenly appear.

“Ha… Ha… Ha…”

His gaze swept across Shi Yu, the gem cat, and Eleven.

“Shi Yu, what are you talking about?”

“Uncle Xu, you can’t stop scaring me. Our Dong Huang is only on April Fool’s Day.”

‘The gem cat was impatient. “Who’s scaring you? It’s true. His mother… No, the Undying Dark Phoenix woke up.”

“although the seal hasn’t been broken, the explosive power should be real. There might be a large number of undead rioting later, or even attacking the city. I wonder if a new undead overlord will be born. In short, you have to quickly prepare. In addition, call a legend over. I’ll also guard here.”

Xu Kai’s expression gradually froze.

Upon hearing the gem cat say so, he immediately understood that Shi Yu wasn’t lying.

Shit, shit, shit.

So what the hell was going on? What exactly were they doing at the Undead Battlefield!

What a sin!

Who let them in? Ten thousand push-ups as punishment!

“Shi Yu, answer the call!!!”

At this moment, a shout came from the phone on the table.

‘When Shi Yu heard that, he thought, Isn’t this the principal?

It had been a few days since they last met, so why did his temper become worse?

“Come back quickly, go back to school!!”

Shi Yu walked over and picked up the phone. Principal Feng’s roar immediately came from the other side.

Principal Feng’s tone was urgent, making Shi Yu close his eyes. The gem cat beside him was also a little guilty.

“principal Feng is right. Hurry back to school now. Leave this to us. Report the details to Principal Feng.”

At this moment, Master Xu Kai no longer cared about anything, He ran to ring the highest alarm.

Ancient Capital University.

Shi Yu was caught by Principal Feng halfway.

After catching Shi Yu in his dormitory, Principal Feng was overjoyed.

“Tell me, what’s going on?”

Shi Yu sat on the sofa obediently. Eleven, Buggy, and Baby Ginseng sat beside him, while Little Chi Tong, in the form of a bird spirit, landed on the back of the sofa.

Shi Yu had a bitter expression. “It’s really not my fault.”

“Teacher Ying and I just went to the Undead Battlefield to help Chi Tong level up its Spirit Release. Then, we went to the Undying Pond to take a look.”

Principal Feng looked at Chi Tong and realized that Chi Tong was already in bird spirit form. It had broken through to commander rank. He nodded.

Apart from that, Shi Yu indeed had no other reason to go to the Undead Battlefield.

“So what’s going on with the Undying Dark Phoenix?”

“Did it suddenly wake up, or was it because of you?” Principal Feng’s expression was serious as he asked the most important question.

If it was an accident, then Shi Yu and the others who discovered this matter could be considered to have done something.

If Shi Yu and the others had caused some trouble and awakened the Undying Dark Phoenix, they should obediently write a self-reflection letter!

The location of the Undying Dark Phoenix’s seal was one of the eight forbidden areas of Dong Huang, Even members of Bureau 11 couldn’t casually approach it.

“Tt was all an accident.” Shi Yu’s expression became excited. “It was just a big discovery, an archeological big discovery.”

“We successfully spoke to the Undying Dark Phoenix.”

Whoosh!

Principal Feng stood up in fright and widened his eyes. Huh?

“Tt realized that it had possessed a phoenix fire and didn’t break through the seal itself.”

“He said that he woke up because he sensed the phoenix bloodline awakened after the Scarlet Eye Spirit Dissection.”

Principal Feng; “…S0, it’s really your fault?!”

“No.”

“Tt said that it’s the mother of Chi Tong and the empress. The bloodlines of General Mu Huiyin and the empress all came from it.”

“In addition, it said that it was voluntarily sealed into the Undead Battlefield because of some accidents. It’s a good phoenix. It wants us to rescue, cleanse, and unseal it after gathering enough strength because it is its mother.”

“Tt even told us a secret realm point that collects legends and divine-level resources. After saying that, it went berserk. Can you understand?”

Principal Feng: @.@

Damn it.

Wait, he was a little confused.

“This… If it’s true, it would be an archeological discovery of the century.”

“If it’s fake… fake… In any case, we’re also victims this time,” Shi Yu analyzed. “We can’t take the blame.”

Eleven and the others nodded. Chi Tong was also very innocent. It had a mother for no reason and didn’t feel anything, What was going on?

Principal Feng: “What nonsense are you talking about? From the start, from the moment you entered the Undead Battlefield, be careful and tell me word for word. Tell me every detail.

The old principal’s wrinkles trembled, and his heart was not calm.

“Alright.” Next, Shi Yu explained in detail again. Principal Feng had known about Mu Huiyin’s heroic spirit and her identity previously. There was no need for Shi Yu to explain, so Shi Yu only explained his experience with the gem cat in detail again. Principal Feng quickly understood.

Although he understood Shi Yu’s words, Shi Yu and the others’ experience still made his stomach hurt and his head hurt.

Holy shit.

The empress was Mu Huiyin’s younger sister, and their mother was the Undying Dark Phoenix?

This was something Principal Feng didn’t even dare to imagine when he was young when exploring the mystery of the Phoenix Race.

“You’re experienced and knowledgeable, old man. Look… this is a lie..? Or is it truth.”

Principal Feng’s expression was stunned.

Who could tell?

The internal strife of the Phoenix Race during the era of the empress dynasty was another historical break. It was one of the ten unsolved mysteries of Dong Huang. Now that the Undying Dark Phoenix had said it, it was completely the same thing. Whether it was true or false, there was no evidence to

confirm it.

“Whether it’s real or fake, it should be mixed with lies in the truth. Even if it’s all true, we can’t be sure if it’s real or fake now. We can only listen to it as a lie and maintain a certain level of vigilance.”

Shi Yu: “After listening to you…”

“Tm enlightened.”

“Stop talking nonsense.” Principal Feng had a headache, but his heart was a little strange.

Regardless of whether it was true or false, the Undying Dark Phoenix’s awakening meant that there was a certain breakthrough in this unsolved mystery.

Principal Feng was also a member of Bureau 11, When he heard such explosive news that it involved the empress’s mother, he was also very uneasy.

“Leave the Undead Battlefield to the Legends of the television, the Ancient Capital, and Bureau 11 to deal with. Next, you stay in school obediently and prepare for the exam. Don’t go anywhere, do you hear me?”

“As for the Undying Dark Phoenix, it doesn’t have much to do with the current you. Whether it’s the mystic realm it’s talking about, or saving its mother, don’t have unrealistic thoughts.”

Principal Feng still thought very highly of Shi Yu. Shi Yu was also an orphan. He directly regarded Shi Yu as his junior and still didn’t want Shi Yu to court death.

“Tunderstand. Without enough strength, I definitely won’t mess around.”

Principal Feng: “?”

So he was still thinking about it??

After obtaining the information from Shi Yu, Principal Feng quickly rushed to the Undead Battlefield.

The big shots of the Beast Tamer Troops also obtained some information from the gem cat.

As Principal Feng left, only Shi Yu, Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong, and the others were left in the room.

“Well…”

At this moment, the few of them looked at each other in confusion.

What was going on?

“There shouldn’t be any problems over there, right?” Shi Yu looked in the direction of the Undead Battlefield.

There wasn’t even an overlord level in the Undead Battlefield. Even if a new undead overlord was born because of this mutation, it couldn’t stir up any waves.

‘As long as there was a legend, everything would be settled.

Ancient Capital City was a first-level city after all. There were several legends presiding inside, and countless forbidden weapons that could attack totems were hidden. Unless the Undying Dark Phoenix came out itself, it wouldn’t be a threat to the city.

The ones who were really threatening Dong Huang were creatures from abroad.

The reason why Dong Huang didn’t completely destroy these ferocious beasts and ferocious spirits in the country was purely to protect the ecology. Their existence had always been within control.

With this in mind, Shi Yu no longer cared about the Undead Battlefield. As a high-level Beast Tamer, it was useless to care. After all, he might not necessarily be able to defeat a monarch-level undead alone.

“By the way, how much have you absorbed from the Undying Pond?” Shi Yu asked Baby Ginseng, concerned about his own problem.

He was in a hurry just now and didn’t notice at all. Now, the Undying Pond would probably be gone.

“yi.” Baby Ginseng stretched out its finger. Green light flashed, and a nine condensed on the wooden strip.

Fortunately, fortunately. When the Undying Dark Phoenix was telling a story, it listened and didn’t stop condensing the Mutated Fruit.

It speculated that 90% of the Undying Pond’s power had already been absorbed by it. It wasn’t a loss.

“Wu ~” At this moment, Buggy also pulled open the space and threw out the Death Spirit Fruit condensed by Baby Ginseng.

There were about 13 black fruits lying flat on the table.

“132 So many.”

‘When Shi Yu saw so many mutated fruits, he was slightly stunned and had a happy expression.

This time the ginseng baby wasn’t far from evolution.

Time Soil+Death Spirit Fruit+Time Mystic Realm+Moon Gem. Oh, invincible.

Eh, wait.

Since max-level mutants could condense the power of mutation out of their bodies, at that time, was it possible to condense the Time Fruit in the Time Mystic Realm of Imperial Capital University??

This was much more valuable than the Death Fruit.

Shi Yu had a bold idea.

“yi!” At this moment, Baby Ginseng’s expression was especially smug.

After evolution, it was really a towering emperor.

Although the process was a little complicated, it had to learn the power of death

Even so… Soon, Baby Ginseng saw Little Chi Tong and couldn’t help but have a bitter expression.

Evolution was evolution, but it was ultimately wood-element.

There was a sword spirit with the bloodline of the Sun God Phoenix here, and it was a high-level overlord race. In the absence of a skill proficiency that exceeded expert level, its energy value was almost close to Buggy who had a pile of almost full level skills. When Shi Yu started to nurture Chi Tong, Baby

Ginseng felt that even if it evolved, it wouldn’t be able to get the throne in the team.

Buggy’s skills were so abnormal, it was unknown if it could defeat it.

Baby Ginseng looked at Eleven and looked at it eagerly.

It seemed that after evolution, the only thing that could be surpassed was the leader?

At least the skills of a leader… were traceable.

Eleven:???

“Huh?” Eleven pointed at itself.

Baby Ginseng shook its head repeatedly.

Eleven was angry. Damn it, it wasn’t like it couldn’t evolve anymore!

wu ~”

At the side, Buggy narrowed its eyes in exhaustion. It was too much, too much, almost rolling the leader to the bottom.

“Mil!” Little Chi Tong flew away aloof from worldly affairs. It took out a cup of ice water and drank it with a straw.

Shi Yu was still sitting on the sofa and sighing. He had yet to recover from the Undead Battlefield.

“Undying Dark Phoenix…”

Forget it, he should listen to Principal Feng and stop thinking about it. It was impossible for him to go to this Undead Battlefield again.

In the future, he would prepare to increase Little Chi Tong’s Spirit Release with additional points.

As for the mystic realm that the other party mentioned, Shi Yu was helpless.

That mystic realm was on the seven islands. Before he had legendary strength, even with the big boss gem cat leading him, it would probably be very difficult for him to cross the national border.

Even if there was a chance to enter, this mystic realm might not necessarily be a good place. As long as the Undying Dark Phoenix was lying, this place might be a trap.

“Let’s pretend that we don’t have this mother first. Let’s wait for the big shots of Bureau 11 to investigate carefully.”

Shi Yu said to Little Chi Tong.

This time, the Undying Dark Phoenix had revealed so much information. Regardless of whether it was true or false, the other archeological big shots of Bureau 11 would probably have a certain amount of gains. It was better to wait for the results.

“Mi…” Chi Tong, who had melted an ice cube, was very speechless. It had yet to call Shi Yu ‘mom’, so why was Shi Yu calling that thing ‘mom’?

Could he be a little more stable.

Next, Shi Yu began to revise quietly and prepare for the final exam.

“Regarding the fact that I acknowledged a top-notch totem as my mother and caused the undead to attack the city but still have to prepare for the final exam” was no longer something worth Shi Yu’s time.

“What a sin.”

As Shi Yu sighed, he paid attention to the news of the Undead Battlefield.

In the blink of an eye, a week later.

Fortunately, there were indeed no major problems. All the signs of undead attacking the city seemed to have been directly killed by the big shots in the ancient capital.

“No new undead overlord was born this time. Only more than ten irrational undead monarchs were born, but they were all killed by Legend Yin.”

“However, a large number of plagues and curses continue to cover the core area of the Undead Battlefield. New high-level undead might appear in the short term, so there’s still a need to continue paying attention to the Undead Battlefield.”

Not long after, Principal Feng brought back news, but his greatest concern was: “How did you do?”

He was concerned about Shi Yu’s learning problems.

Shi Yu smiled in embarrassment and said, “The useful subjects will definitely get full marks.”

Principal Feng: “?”

“What do you mean useless subjects?”

“Well, it’s just some architecture stuff, fashion, food history, and so on. There’s also thought classes, various archeological related laws…”

Shi Yu also had limited energy. It was impossible for him to learn every subject. These were all prepared for ordinary archeologists. He just needed to cause trouble.

Principal Feng’s expression darkened. “I called Qingyi back. You’re not allowed to run around during this holiday. Be good and learn from Qingyi. Bureau 11 will help you deal with the Undying Dark Phoenix. Don’t cause any more trouble next.”

“Now, I don’t even want you to go to Dragon Palace City. If you cause trouble there, it’s even more troublesome than releasing the Undying Dark Phoenix…”

“Uh… Then…”

Shi Yu was just about to say what to do about the martial arts conference, but seeing Principal Feng like this, he immediately stopped talking. Well, let the beast-eared girl have a headache about it.

However, the results of this exam would probably give the principal a headache.

Although it was said that he was preparing for the exam, it was more like preparing for the martial arts conference. Shi Yu placed more energy on Little Chi Tong.

He started to add points to it.

He ignored the other skills and maxed out the possession.

Skill: Possession (Dao Proficiency)

After this skill reached the maximum level, Little Chi Tong didn’t change much, but after it possessed Shi Yu, the power Shi Yu could display was even stronger.

Until it reached the perfect level, the strength of the possession state continued to increase.

After reaching the transcendent level, the possession effect changed slightly, from strength to skill.

At this moment, after Shi Yu entered the possession state, the burden on his body was smaller. In addition, under the possession state, Shi Yu could even transform into the form of a sword spirit, the form of a bird spirit, and the form of a phoenix spirit body. This was very magical.

It didn’t seem like it had possessed him. Using reverse possession to describe it was more suitable. In this state, the battle power of the two parties was the same as ordinary possession. There were no changes, but at this moment, Shi Yu’s human aura would completely disappear. Shi Yu thought for a long,

time and only thought of this move that could be used to disguise himself as an undead and infiltrate the non-human area. There were other uses for it.

As for the Dao Proficiency level possession, the effect was still relatively strong. Shi Yu felt that in this state, Little Chi Tong, who had possessed him, could use its power to subtly strengthen his physique. At the same time, under the possession state, Shi Yu would temporarily obtain the Phoenix

bloodline.

Now, after Shi Yu broke through, as he added points to Buggy, Baby Ginseng, and Chi Tong, his physique had already reached the upper limit. If he wanted to obtain a new upper limit, according to the previous situation, he probably had to break through to the master level. However, the max-level

possession had managed to slowly increase Shi Yu’s physique, which had reached the upper limit. Shi Yu was shocked and pleasantly surprised by this change.

He was happy that his physique was getting stronger and stronger. This was naturally a good thing.

The shocking thing was that Shi Yu might really obtain the Phoenix bloodline and become a hybrid one day. If that was the case, he might really have to call the Dark Phoenix “Mommy’.

Perhaps even that Bureau 12, which was specially set up for hybrids, had to invite him in.

“In short, don’t cause too much trouble next…”

Principal Feng looked at Shi Yu tiredly. He originally thought that Lu Qingyi was already quite noisy, but he didn’t expect Shi Yu to be even more noisy.

“Don’t worry.”

Shi Yu said rather seriously, “I swear that nothing will happen next.”

The martial arts conference and the ruins of Emperor Wu didn’t look like a place where something could happen. Even if there was, it would definitely be a good thing!