Chapter 231 - Gathering Of The Undead Monarchs

Chapter 231: Gathering of the Undead Monarchs

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Upon hearing that there were more than ten monarchs, Eleven, Buggy, Baby

Ginseng, and the others… Had the first thought for everyone to quickly slip

away.

As for Shi Yu, he was thinking about expert level Spirit Release.

As for the gem cat, it was thinking about what was going on.

“Could it be the Death Spirit Fruit?”

The gem cat looked at the Death Spirit Fruit that Baby Ginseng had condensed

into the power of the Undying Pond through mutations and nutrients.

This Death Spirit Fruit should be considered a pseudo level-seven resource.

It wasn’t a friendly level-seven resource, but a level-seven ferocious plant.

Through the combination of Baby Ginseng, the Undying Pond becoming a

mutated evolution fruit that contained the power of life and death was indeed

extraordinary.

Perhaps this was the main factor that attracted these undead monarchs?

Was it really that tempting?

Because it wasn’t an undead, the gem cat really couldn’t feel it in its place.

Seeing the gem cat look at him, although Baby Ginseng was very afraid of the

undead Monarchs, it didn’t dare to stop.

It wanted to create as many mutated fruits as possible. It couldn’t waste them…

“What should we do?” Shi Yu looked at the gem cat.

“It’s not a big problem.” The gem cat raised its head and said, “It’s fine if it’s not

an overlord. If a monarch comes, I’ll kill one.’

The gem cat showed a fierce expression.

“It’s all money.”

“There are so many high-level soul crystals. Perhaps they can be sold for 100

million again.”

Shi Yu said, “As expected of you.”

“I have no choice.” The gem cat licked its claws and said, “It’s too difficult to

master transcendent-level skills. The training is so tiring and bitter. I just want

to fish and break through. I have to save money to buy legendary resources.”

“When you’re rich in the future, don’t forget me.”

It didn’t matter to the cat who brought Shi Yu to farm, but it refused to train

ten thousand times to let it increase its strength in life and death.

Shi Yu was at a loss whether to laugh or cry.

How could this cat be so lazy?

One way for an overlord to advance to the totem level was for the transcendent

racial skill to reach the transcendent level. Apart from that, there was another

way, which was to use strengthening level-nine legendary resources that

matched the racial attributes to strengthen oneself.

The former could break through to the totem level 100%, while relying on

resources, there was less than a tenth of a chance to break through to the

totem level.

The gem cat chose to spend money to break through!

However, this path was also a long one..

“You guys continue, I’ll repair the spatial seal first.”

With that said, its gem eyes lit up.

The huge hole in the spatial seal was sealed again.

“Wu!!!” Buggy expressed that it was familiar with this move. Wasn’t this

courting disaster?

Baby Ginseng’s face fell, and the speed at which it condensed the mutated fruit

slowed down a little.

“Wu!” Eleven glared at Buggy. This was clearly making them impregnable!

Baby Ginseng’s expression improved, and its efficiency returned to normal.

Eleven was indeed knowledgeable.

Boom!

As the gem cat repaired the seal, Shi Yu could also sense the terrifying aura

coming from all directions.

Boom!

The entire Undead Battlefield seemed to be covered in dark clouds, and the

ground trembled.

“Coming.”

The gem cat narrowed its eyes. Come on, come on.

It wanted the soul crystal to sell for money, and Shi Yu and the others wanted

the soul aura to evolve. This was a reasonable distribution!

As soon as the gem cat finished speaking, the first undead monarch that

arrived near the Undying Pond appeared.

It flew in the air. It was huge and had a body that looked like a Western dragon.

Its entire body was made of bones, and its interior was filled with a green

light. It was surprisingly the bone dragon of a quasi overlord race.

At the same time, a human-shaped skeleton wrapped in a black rag and

holding a bone staff slowly walked over in the air. It looked inside the spatial

seal. This time, it was the Black Spirit Great Daoist Master of a high -level

monarch race.

On the ground, there was also a Death Knight riding a skeleton war horse and

holding a bone sword. The ground was also torn apart. The huge Dark

Centipede King dragged its body that was dozens of meters long and stared at

Shi Yu like a tall building.

Bone Dragon King, Black Spirit Great Daoist Master, Death Knight, Dark Death

Centipede King, Soul Devouring Spider Queen, Ice Spirit Lady, Thousand Eyed

Tree, Phoenix Fire, Undying Demon Cat, Nine-Tailed Spirit Fox…

They were all famous undead in the undead battlefield!

Because of the threat of the Undead Battlefield, the association would regularly

clean up the undead.

However, even after cleaning up, there were still many undead monarchs.

These undead monarchs were all outstanding among their peers. They were

abnormally cunning and difficult to deal with. If they wanted to hide, some

could even hide in alternate spaces. Even legendary Beast Tamers would find it

difficult to find their traces.

At this moment, as the most terrifying batch of undead monarchs in the

undead battlefield appeared, the gem cat’s eyes lit up.

“I’ve searched so hard for you guys previously.”

“You guys actually delivered yourselves to my door this time.”

Damn it.

It suddenly remembered something.

The Beast Tamer Association of the ancient capital had always wanted these

undead monarchs.

After killing them, it could still get another bounty.

At this moment, as more than ten undead monarchs appeared, a huge

commander-level undead army followed closely behind. Seeing this scene,

Baby Ginseng’s legs went weak as it created mutated fruits…

Shi Yu’s breathing also froze.

All of them were at the monarch level. Generally speaking, the monarch level

cultivated by the master-level elite students of the Imperial Capital and Demon

Capital University were still in the development stage. Their energy value

didn’t exceed 1.5 million, but the ones in front of them were basically close to 2

million. There were even a few that exceeded this number and reached the

normal energy standard of the overlord race!

The skill proficiency was probably very high. After all, they had lived for god

knows how long. It wasn’t something that the monarchs cultivated by the

students could compare to.

“That’s all.”

The sky darkened as he sensed the oppressive atmosphere. Although he was

protected by the spatial seal, Shi Yu still couldn’t help but hide behind the gem

cat. Wait… Something was wrong. It seemed like there were undead monarchs

everyvvhere?

Shi Yu’s expression darkened.

At this moment, he suddenly realized that there was something wrong with the

gem cat’s state.

“Shi Yu…

“It seems, something’s wrong.”

At this moment, the gem cat’s eyes were filled with seriousness. Just now, it

sensed a large number of monarch undead coming over, but now, after sensing

the state of these undead monarchs at a close distance, it suddenly discovered

a big problem.

“What’s wrong?

“Didn’t you realize that the reason why they didn’t attack wasn’t because of the

spatial seal, but because… their current state is in a controlled state??” The gem

cat’s gaze was solemn to the extreme. It put away its contempt just now and

had a bad feeling.

It couldn’t be that unlucky, right…

What could control these undead monarchs at the same time…

Its words directly shocked Shi Yu and the others.

“If only a new Undying overlord was born in the Undead Battlefield and united

them, that would be nothing, but if it’s…” The gem cat suddenly thought of the

Undying Dark Phoenix underground. If it was related to it, then the problem

was huge!

In an instant, the gem cat seemed to be facing a great enemy. Just as the

deterrence was about to disperse, a scene that shocked the cat and Shi Yu

occurred.

Countless undead monarchs made a submissive posture and aimed at Shi Yu,

who was in a possession state.

Gem Cat, Shi Yu, Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong: Meow, meow, meow?

Shocking Shi Yu for a hundred years… What was going on!