Chapter 239 - Evolution Planner Shi Yu

Chapter 239 Evolution Planner Shi Yu

A moment later, after Shi Yu negotiated with the courtyard, everyone went to find An Chang. “An Chang.” “Come out for a while.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

In a ward, An Chang was lying on the bed accompanying his unconscious mother. He had been running around for the whole day and was already exhausted and very tired. At this moment, when he heard someone call him, An Chang woke up in a daze and walked out of the ward.

As soon as he came out, he saw Dean Bai, Director Yao, and Shi Yu beside them. At that moment, when he saw Shi Yu again, An Chang was extremely excited. He didn’t know what to say. The help one received at the most desperate moment was the most direct to the heart. Shi Yu’s five million plus the nutritional fruit worth more than five million could directly allow his mother to undergo a treatment plan with a 100% healing rate. An Chang didn’t know how to thank him, so he directly wanted to kneel down and thank Shi Yu.

“What are you doing? Your legs are numb again?”

Shi Yu was agile and grabbed him with one hand like he was picking up a chicken.

An Chang:…

“I…”

“Well, An Chang, your mother’s healing surgery can begin later. Mr. Shi Yu is willing to bear the full cost,” Dean Bai said with a smile.

An Chang was even more at a loss. “Don’t be excited, it’s only right. The antique you sold to me is a treasure. I’ve already found a way to use it. To be precise, I’m still the one benefitting the most,” Shi Yu said.

An Chang shook his head and stubbornly wanted to kneel down to thank Shi Yu. In the next moment, Shi Yu picked him up along with his shirt.

An Chang :”…” He felt that his parents weren’t as strong as Shi Yu in their combined state.

When he was young, An Chang, who was often educated by his parents in the state of being possessed by ferocious beasts, knew his parents’ strength very well. Dean Bai and Director Yao :”…” “Little Chang, Mr. Shi Yu definitely doesn’t need thanks in this way. Your mother will definitely be fine, so next, the key is for you to go to school well. When the time comes, you can get into a good university so that you can repay Mr. Shi Yu better,” Director Yao said beside him.

“This is for you. Let your dragon carp eat this. It can increase your evolution potential. At that time, that Dragon Carp’s potential will be even greater after it transforms into a dragon. The pet your father left for you is still very good.” Director Yao returned the nutritional fruit to An Chang Beside him, Shi Yu said in surprise, “Dragon Carp?” “Your pet is a Dragon Carp.” “A dragon carp that can transform into a dragon… The classic “leaping through the dragon gate”?” Shi Yu put down the confused An Chang. Beside him, An Chang nodded in confusion. This Dragon Carp was also one of his family’s heirlooms. He had been raising it since his grandfather’s generation and had raised it for decades before it reached transcendent. It was an initial pet prepared for him by his family and had deep feelings for him.

“I see…” Shi Yu nodded.

The Dragon Carp was the same as the Green Silkworm. The Green Silkworm could rely on the worm silk cocoon to evolve, while the Dragon Carp could rely on the levelless water-element skill to “leap over the Dragon Gate” and evolve into a high class commander species’ pseudo dragon “Fish Dragon”. The difference was that the evolution of the Green Silkworm cocoon didn’t have a high requirement for the proficiency of the worm silk, but the Dragon Carp could only evolve after reaching transcendent. Moreover, Dragon Gate was also harder to train than the worm silk. One had to climb the waterfall and reverse the flow to increase proficiency. The only advantage of a Dragon Carp compared to a Green Silkworm was its lifespan. This thing could even live for decades in the sewage. It wasn’t impossible to nurture it and live for 100 years. Under its long lifespan, some Dragon Carp with aptitude, willpower, and good luck still had the possibility of transforming into a dragon, but there were definitely not as many Green Silkworms that became Butterflies.

“When do you plan to let the Dragon Carp evolve?” Shi Yu asked.

“This…” An Chang said,” I don’t know.”

He originally planned to do it earlier, but because something like this happened to his family, he really didn’t have the money to raise another high class commander species’ dragon-element tycoon. Therefore, he kept the Dragon Carp in its initial state. “Are you planning to evolve into a fish dragon?”

“Yes.”

“You also have the Fusion Talent, right? Do you want me to help you?” Shi Yu chuckled. “I know a special evolution method.” The cultivation index in front of Shi Yu opened. [Dragon Carp’s Special Evolution Method): After the Dragon Carp’s Dragon Leaping Gate reaches transcendent, consume more than 100 g of Dragon Bone Powder and carry level five to six water and dragon dual-element resources to use for the Dragon Leaping Gate. There is a chance of special evolution. This was a special evolution plan for the Dragon Carp recorded in the third bureau’s cultivation index.

Dragon Bone Powder was a common medicinal ingredient. It wasn’t expensive, and the hospital had it. As for level-five water and dragon-element dragon-element props… Shi Yu could now get Buggy to imitate the scales of a sea dragon to make one. It was as simple as crushing a clay figurine. At this moment, as Shi Yu spoke, An Chang was stunned again. Dean Bai and the others beside him were also shocked.

Holy shit.

As expected of a big boss who could develop the Green Silkworm cocoon to become an overlord race. He gave the evolution plan just like that. Those evolution planners helped people plan an evolution. It was basically a sky-high price. How could Shi Yu be so generous? “No, this is too much,” An Chang said nervously. “I really don’t know how to repay you this

way.”

“You mean you want it, right?” Shi Yu could tell that the other party still wanted to. “No, your skin is too thin. You should say “Yes! I can only become stronger with stronger pets. Then I can repay you better in the future.” Shi Yu sighed. As expected of himself. He actually said similar things to Senior Lu without blushing back then. An Chang :”…” Dean Bai and Director Yao :”…” “Dean Bai, is there a relatively empty place here?”

“Yes…”

“Where’s the medicinal ingredient, Dragon Bone Powder?”

“Yes, we have it.” “That’s enough.” Shi Yu clapped his hands and said, “Then let’s prepare?” If he helped this An Chang plan the evolution of his pet, Shi Yu felt that he could go back and find Senior Lu.

At this moment, An Chang felt like he was in a dream. He felt that his dark life had suddenly become bright. Shi Yu was the guide who pulled him from darkness to light. At the hospital of Wu Ling City, in the backyard of a deserted recovery training ground. Dean Bai brought Shi Yu and An Chang here.

Soon, Director Yao also rushed over with a bag of Dragon Bone Powder. Seeing that, Shi Yu saw that the materials were all gathered and said to An Chang, “Summon your pet.” “Alright…” An Chang nodded and summoned the formation.

The next moment, a nearly one-meter-long dragon carp appeared in the colorless array. Judging from the physique, it wasn’t young anymore. “Chi -” “Chi “

The red and yellow dragon carp fluttered on the ground. “Li (water) -” “Li (water) ~” “Well, Bubbles, please bear with it… This is part of evolution.”

Beside him, An Chang said carefully. Shi Yu :”…”

Good thing he wasn’t the only one who was bad at naming

However, this part was not part of evolution.

At this moment, Dean Bai and Director Yao said, “Well, let’s leave first.” Usually, when evolution planners helped pets plan their evolution, they were unwilling to let others see it. “It’s alright, it’ll be done soon.” Shi Yu said indifferently. After saying that, a shocking scene suddenly happened. In midair, a stream of water suddenly appeared. Then, the stream of water grew bigger and bigger. At first, there was a whoosh, and then the water curtain attacked them like a violent wind and huge waves, ringing through the sky and covering the blue sky. Only the waterfall was left chanting in the world. A huge waterfall and lake appeared out of thin air in front of the three of them, making Dean Bai and Director Yao’s eyes widen. When An Chang, who was beside them, saw this miracle, he was so shocked that he couldn’t say anything. “Chi -” “Chi ~”

Only the Dragon Carp’s excited water gradually leaped into the Lake of Imagination and looked up at the waterfall.

At this moment, a small blue butterfly landed on Shi Yu’s shoulder without anyone noticing. “You can let it eat the Dragon Bone Powder.” Shi Yu said. “Oh, oh.” At this moment, An Chang had already accepted everything and listened to Shi Yu’s arrangements. He had already thought it through. Shi Yu was right. It was good to let the Dragon Carp evolve now. Only by becoming a very strong Beast Tamer could he repay Shi Yu’s kindness better!

He scattered the bag of Dragon Bone Powder handed over by Director Yao in the water. Soon, the Dragon Carp swam over and swallowed it all.

“Throw that fruit in too, but don’t let it eat it first,” Shi Yu said.

Upon hearing that, An Chang also threw the nutritional fruits in his pocket into the lake. The dragon carp was first stunned, then it looked at the nutritional fruit eagerly.

In the next moment, the dragon carp’s expression changed drastically as it sensed the suppression from its bloodline. “Roar!!!”

Waves splashed, and a huge roar sounded, making everyone look at the waterfall.

At this moment, in the waterfall, a faint dragon-shaped phantom condensed. A sea dragon king more than ten meters long with a yellow belly and a blue back shuttled through the waterfall in an illusory manner. With a boom, this sea dragon showed its dragon might and directly crawled out, dragging its long body to circle the sky, looking at the dragon carp below with a dignified gaze. “Sea… Sea… Sea Dragon King.” Seeing this pet, An Chang was extremely shocked. Overlord race, Sea Dragon King..! Beside him, Dean Bai and Director Yao opened their mouths wide as they watched this magical scene.

“Roar!!!”

Under their gaze, the Sea Dragon King glanced down indifferently. Its figure turned from corporeal to ethereal again and directly flew down. Its huge body entered the nutritional fruit with a bang, directly dyeing the white nutritional fruit’s surface with rings of blue patterns. Baby Ginseng and Buggy jointly created the Dragon Transformation Fruit!

“Alright, you can eat now.” “After eating, let’s do the Dragon Leaping Gate.” Shi Yu spoke calmly. After letting Buggy modify the nutritional fruit with the power of imagination, he watched with interest. At this moment, although he was extremely shocked, An Chang still quickly followed Shi Yu’s instructions and let the dragon carp eat the nutritional fruits.

At that moment, looking at the nutritional fruit that the Sea Dragon King had just crawled into, the Dragon Carp was extremely afraid. However, the tempting aura emitted by the nutritional fruit made it swim over again. The dragon carp’s eyes widened. After pondering for a moment, it directly swallowed the fruit. In the next moment, with a boom, a divine dragon seemed to open its eyes in its body. Under this huge motivation, it quickly swam to the front of the waterfall and carefully observed that magnificent style. After its gaze gradually became determined, it directly leaped up with the Leaping Dragon Gate skill. The huge waterfall that Buggy imagined was majestic and spectacular. Water splashed down rapidly, like ten thousand wild horses galloping and roaring. Under this pressure, the Dragon Carp’s Dragon Leaping Gate directly activated the evolution potential in its body, causing its entire body to bloom with dazzling white light. “This…”

Dean Bai and Director Yao muttered. They couldn’t understand it. Even if they saw it with their own eyes, they couldn’t understand it at all. The Butterfly of Imagination could be used like this? The two of them looked at the pet on Shi Yu’s shoulder. In the next moment, they were attracted by the Dragon Carp again. “Roar!!!” During the process of climbing the waterfall in the opposite direction, An Chang’s dragon carp’s figure gradually changed under the white light. It gradually lengthened into a five to six-meter long dragon-shaped body, and its roar became more and more deafening. It had red pupils and a fierce and domineering expression. After evolution, it directly broke through the waterfall and leaped into the sky. This was definitely not a low-level alternative dragon fish that looked like a fish. At this moment, as they looked at this strong dark-blue dragon-shaped body, Dean Bai and Director Yao widened their eyes. This… This… This… At the side, after receiving the feedback from the dragon carp’s evolution, An Chang was immediately stunned on the spot. Shi Yu also looked at everything in surprise. The index in front of him displayed the information after the dragon carp evolved. It wasn’t a new race, but an existing race. < Name > Sea Dragon [Attributes]: Water, Dragon

[Race Level): Low-level Monarch

[Level of Growth]: Level 10 Awakening [Race Skill]: Leaping Dragon Gate, Water Dragon Bullet, Dragon Tail, Madness, Water Dragon Scroll (Super Level) “Roar!!!” The sea dragon fell into the water and looked at its Beast Tamer quietly. It also looked at Shi Yu and the butterfly on Shi Yu’s shoulder gratefully.

A dragon carp was a creature in a pond… Now it turned into a dragon the moment it encountered Buggy!

“Wu ~” Buggy nodded calmly. Not bad, not bad, he had 30% of its handsomeness.

“You’re a Beast Tamer intern. Under the restriction of your level, it suppressed the opportunity to break through. It’s still at the Awakening level now, but its evolution this time can bring you quite a lot of benefits. For example, the increase in the Beast Taming Space, the increase in physique, and your combination talent. Your physique is stronger than that of ordinary Beast Tamers. In addition, your bond is alright. Eat more supplements. It’s not a big problem for you to bear the growth of a low-level monarch race. It’s good to be a little weak.” “By the way, this is a sea dragon. You should know it, right?” Shi Yu asked the stunned An Chang. “I… I know…” He was already stunned.

Monarch… monarch race?

It was born so easily?? Moreover, it was a powerful dragon-type… He looked at Shi Yu… Who exactly was Shi Yu? At this moment, Shi Yu’s cell phone suddenly rang. Shi Yu took a look and saw that it was White Brook. He immediately understood that it was time to leave. He smiled and said, “I have something urgent to do. I’ll leave first. Call me if you have any questions.” After Shi Yu finished speaking, the waterfall and lake in the courtyard disappeared. The sea dragon fell to the ground. Under the shocked gazes of Dean Bai and the others, Shi Yu teleported and disappeared. After Shi Yu left, everyone, especially An Chang, couldn’t calm down for a long time. “He’s… the most awesome evolution planner I’ve ever seen,” Dean Bai muttered beside him. “As expected of a fierce person who developed such results. I can’t understand it at all, but it’s so impressive. It feels as simple as drinking water,” Director Yao said. Listening to Dean Bai and Director Yao’s discussion, An Chang swallowed his saliva and looked at them. He asked, “Dean Bai, Director Yao…”

“I know. You want to ask him who he is, right?” Director Yao said. An Chang nodded heavily.

Apart from his name and phone number, he didn’t know Shi Yu’s identity at all. He had no direction to repay Shi Yu in the future. Although he didn’t know what was going on, now that he had the Sea Dragon, he was confident of becoming a master-level Beast Tamer and repay these debts. “His name is Shi Yu. He’s a top student from Ancient Capital University. He’s the top scholar of the Ancient Capital vocation assessment this year and a genius archeologist,” Dean Bai sighed. A genius. When An Chang heard that Shi Yu was the top scholar of the Ancient Capital vocation assessment, he was immediately in admiration. The top scholar of the vocation in a first-level city… was definitely worth a lot. However, why did these titles feel like they were nothing compared to the monarch species dragon-type creatures Shi Yu casually planned just now? “Apart from that, he also discovered the evolution method of the Iron-eating Beast’s monarch race, the Nine Li Battle Beast.”

“He also studied the Green Silkworm Green Silkworm cocoon evolution system at the Imperial Capital Feeding Conference and established the unprecedented extremely cost-effective Green Silkworm evolution chain. The research results crushed the Feeding Team of the five major financial groups and the eight major universities and easily led Ancient Capital University to win the championship of the Feeding Conference. During this period, even the legendary Beast Tamer Hua Xiajin and the famous Feeding professor Zuo Jiangyun voluntarily became his assistants.” “The evolution chain of the Green Silkworm cocoon contains the unlimited evolution possibility of transcendent to overlord races. It’s said by the Feeding Association to be the best feeding result in the past ten years that can change the structure of Dong Huang’s Beast Taming Domain. He even relied on this evolution chain to nurture the Butterfly of Imagination, the pet on his shoulder just now… This also made him known as the ‘future legendary Beast Tamer’.” “In short, he’s a very impressive person…” Dean Bai repeated Shi Yu’s honors and was very shocked himself. This was a person? At the side, listening to this ridiculous experience, An Chang was already completely stunned. “Haha, perhaps all of this is indeed a piece of cake for him. There’s no need for you to take it to heart. Even if he’s a master Beast Tamer, perhaps it’s nothing to his current achievements,” Dean Bai said. Not everyone could repay Shi Yu. It was too difficult. “This…” An Chang was stunned. “If a master Beast Tamer can’t, then a legendary Beast Tamer,” he said firmly. Moreover, he still had a family heirloom in the warehouse at home that his father had told him not to lose, sell, or damage. Now that the situation was already like this, he felt that it was fine to find it and give it to Shi Yu in the future. His home was almost gone, so why would he still want a family heirloom? As an archeologist, Shi Yu should like this kind of thing very much. In any case, he didn’t know its use if he left it in their hands. It was better to give it to people who knew how to use it. “Legendary…” Dean Bai smiled and said,” It’s very good to have ambition. Speaking of which, Little Chang, since you don’t have to worry about your mother’s illness now, you also contracted a dragon-type pet of a monarch race. You also want to become stronger. How about I recommend a place for you?” “You should have heard of the Bai Family Dojo. Beast Tamers who specialize in accepting Fusion Talents can let you learn for free before you become a professional Beast Tamer. How about that? Otherwise, it won’t be easy for you to take care of the sea dragon with your current self.”

Wu Ling’s Bai family monopolized many industries such as dojos, medicine, banks, and food in Wu Ling City. What Shi Yu didn’t notice just now was that Dean Bai was also considered a relative of White Brook.

At this moment, seeing a good seedling, Dean Bai suddenly gathered talents for his family. Although it was impossible to become a legend, it shouldn’t be difficult for this An Chang to become a master.

“You’re so fast.”

Outside the largest commercial street of Wu Ling. Just as she hung up with Shi Yu, White Brook realized that Shi Yu had appeared in front of her and Lu Qingyi in the blink of an eye.

“Instant Transmission, low-level,” Shi Yu said.

Lu Qingyi and White Brook were speechless. They glanced at the haggard Buggy and mourned.

Was Buggy lucky or unlucky to have a Beast Tamer like him? “How was your trip?” The beast-eared girl smiled and asked, “Did you find a treasure? You shouldn’t have been cheated, right?? Do you need Senior Lu to appraise it for you?” Shi Yu touched his nose and said, “It’s alright. The harvest was not small. Not only did it help a confused young man fulfill his dream, but I also used five million yuan to buy a legendary tool from the totem era. I reckon I can sell it for tens of billions.” Lu Qingyi and White Brook: “?”