Chapter 236 - : Listening To History Again

Chapter 236: Listening to History Again

Translator:

Atlas Studios

Editor:

Atlas Studios

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

‘Wu Ling City was prosperous, so naturally there was a pile of antique swords and armor.

In ancient times, zither, chess, calligraphy, paintings, and antique swords could nurture spirits and transform into pets.

As for now, perhaps only ruins preserved from ancient times like the Heroic Spirit Ruins could be able to find similar spirit bodies.

Perhaps there were no antique sword-type pets sold in Wu Ling City, but there were many broken swords, broken armor, or antiques that had once had spirits here.

Apart from these, there were also some modern equipment that imitated ancient weapons, similar to Shi Yu’s Ice Dragon Blade. These equipment were surprisingly popular here. After all, in Wu Ling City, Beast Tamers without much equipment to add to their bodies, they would be completely embarrassed

to go out and fight others.

In order to not disturb Senior Lu and the beast-eared girl’s happy shopping time, Shi Yu chose to shop alone. He directly followed the navigation and arrived at the popular antique street in Wu Ling City.

“Little brother, little brother.”

Just as Shi Yu entered the street, he was stopped by an uncle who was setting up a stall.

“Look at my jar?”

“None of them are empty.”

Shi Yu: “?”

The last time someone said that, it was an owl.

Shi Yu looked over and saw that the middle-aged man in a brown coat was smiling as he pointed at the dozens of jars of various sizes placed on the stall. The big ones were the size of a water tank, and the small ones were the size of a can

“If you draw, you’ll definitely get an antique. ten thousand for one draw, ninety thousand eight ten draws. It’s one free extra draw.”

“90,000, 80 draws?” Shi Yu asked.

“You mean 98,000 for ten draws!”

Shi Yu said, “Do you think I’m stupid?”

‘The middle-aged man said, “Sigh, from what you’re saying, you’re not a local, right? You go and ask other stalls about our jars. There was once a customer who opened an antique chessboard from our jars.”

“He originally wanted to just collect some items. Guess what? There’s actually a chess soul sleeping in this chessboard!”

“You have to know that these antiques can no longer give birth to spirits in the modern era, so those are ancient spirits that buyers earned with their lives. If these ancient spirits are in a slumber stage, these antiques will be like ordinary items, so who can guarantee that ten thousand yuan won’t get you

an overlord race ancient spirit?” The uncle patted his leg in excitement.

“Chess soul?” Shi Yu said, “Really?”

“It’s true,” the middle-aged man said. “Under the guidance of the chess soul, that person has already become the number one expert chess player in Wu Ling City. Everyone knows that it’s the chess soul that opened the jar.”

Shi Yu: “Sorry to disturb you.”

Shi Yu tured and left.

Although ten thousand yuan was nothing, he wouldn’t be so bored as to buy an antique jar.

Most importantly, through the jar, he couldn’t judge the era of antiques with special meditation techniques at all. This liar was very sinister!

The beast-eared girl was right. There were indeed no good people on this antique street.

Then, Shi Yu slowly strolled around the antique street. There were no especially big shops here. They were all stalls or small shops. They looked very unreliable.

However, it was too absolute. As the data in front of Shi Yu’s eyes jumped, he also discovered a big black dog lying on the ground in a certain store. It was a commander-level pet. The store owner looked like a friendly old man. A Beast Tamer who could raise a commander-level pet shouldn’t be a liar,

right?

Shi Yu entered the store.

Amoment later, Shi Yu left the store.

“Liar.”

Shi Yu entered the store and walked around before coming out directly. Alright, he understood why the other party could afford to raise a commander-level pet. Black, his heart was really black.

He stood on the spot and closed his eyes to meditate for a round. He actually didn’t sense anything that had a history of more than a hundred years, they were all young items.

So dogs were used to chase away people who knew how to sense these things.

“It’s boring.”

After strolling for more than ten minutes, Shi Yu suddenly understood before he reached a tenth of the street’s length.

‘As expected, he didn’t have the legendary protagonist plot armor. He couldn’t even shop on the street and find treasures.

Shi Yu turned around and focused on the stone mirror. At this moment, Shi Yu’s vision kept shrinking, and his gaze seemed to fall into the world of the stone mirror.

History appeared vaguely.

In Shi Yu’s vision, he saw a child who might not be more than ten years old with a goatee.

She held the stone mirror and aimed at the rocks and trees by the roadside, shining it randomly.

Under the illumination of the stone mirror, a surprising scene occurred.

Anything reflected in the mirror changed.

The stone evolved into an elemental life form and turned into a fist floating in the air.

The tree opened its eyes, obtained its feet, and became a tree spirit tree demon.

The scene was extremely unbelievable.

Upon seeing this scene, Shi Yu cursed in his heart. Then, the scene stopped. Shi Yu’s vision was pulled back to reality.

At this moment, Shi Yu was slightly shocked. He looked at the stone mirror solemnly.

Wait, wait?!

This stone mirror.

This stone mirror could allow ordinary objects and ordinary life forms to evolve and awaken as transcendent life forms?!

An ability similar to “Awakening Talent”??

Awakening Talent, a very abnormal Beast Taming Talent. It could allow ordinary rocks, lakes, and mountains on the roadside to evolve into transcendent life forms and evolve into life.

Although this talent didn’t have strong battle power, it could create pets in batches. From the Emperor Dynasty to the modern era, the rulers of every era would promote this talent as a Beast Tamer. There was no other reason, because as they developed the Beast Taming Talent, they could steadily

produce high-quality pets.

Although it might be very difficult for overlord races, monarch races could still be done at a certain price.

An undeveloped awakening talent might only be able to awaken a stone into a fist stone of a low-level transcendent race, but the developed awakening talent could even awaken a mountain peak into a rock giant of a monarch race.

They were the creators of pets.

As long as the awakened target met the aptitude, they could accelerate the process of the other party evolving into a transcendent life form and increase their potential.

The beginning of this talent was the modern era.

A Beast Tamer from the Divine Wind Nation “Shen Feng” used his “Awakening Talent” to open up the Mechanical Life Era. A Beast Tamer from Dong Huang followed closely behind. The concept of Mechanics quickly became popular in the world. In the last Totem War, Mechanics played a crucial role in the

war.

According to what Shi Yu knew, Gao Xuan from Imperial Capital University seemed to have an awakening talent. His mechanical pet was created according to his own ideas with the help of the big shots in the fourth bureau.

‘And now, Shi Yu rubbed his eyes. He had seen something.

This was… an item with the effect of awakening talent?

At this moment, another group of people had already surrounded this stall. However, these people took a look at the price and directly shook their heads and left.

Behind the stall, the young man sitting on the wooden stool pinched his pants. His legs were already numb from sitting, but he still stared straight at the stone mirror.

He didn’t believe that the treasures passed down from generation to generation in his family were only ordinary items. As long as he waited… someone who knew the value would definitely appear.

“You…”

Just as the young man’s heart was in a mess, a black shadow appeared in his vision.

He looked up and saw a tall young man wearing a dark red trench coat and cloak. He wasn’t much older than him.

“What’s your name?” Shi Yu asked.

“An Chang,” he said directly in the face of Shi Yu’s question.

“Is it true?”

‘An Chang nodded heavily.

“Tl buy this stone mirror,” Shi Yu said directly and said the main point.

At this moment, Shi Yu was also very nervous. Although he knew that this stone mirror was a treasure in the past, it was still uncertain what the current situation was.

If this thing had already lost its function, Shi Yu would suffer a huge loss.. However, on the other hand, if he found the method to use it, he would make a killing!