Chapter 235 - Wu Ling City

Chapter 235: Wu Ling City

Translator:

Atlas Studios

Editor:

Atlas Studios

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

It was already snowing heavily in the ancient capital in June.

Some of the students from Ancient Capital University went home and went out to train. Some also chose to stay in school to study.

Shi Yu yawned and returned to the room to eat porridge after playing a Taichi fan on the snow outside the dormitory.

After transmigrating for so long, he was already used to the weather in this world.

It was completely changeable. The ancient capital was still alright. There were even some places where it was permanently hot and cold.

“It’s delicious.”

Shi Yu said in satisfaction as he held the white rice porridge.

~yile

Baby Ginseng, who was wearing a napkin and eating dirt with a spoon, was full of confidence.

Forget about Buggy’s culinary skills, the quality of the raw materials it provided was definitely top-notch. It would definitely be delicious.

Now, be it Shi Yu, Eleven, Buggy, or Chi Tong’s food materials, they were all provided by Baby Ginseng.

Shi Yu bought the corresponding ingredient seed. Baby Ginseng used the upgraded nutritional supplements, lush, and sweet aura to modify and accelerate ripening. The nutritional value and taste of the plants it created were many times better than the food outside.

wu…”

Buggy felt that its culinary skills were still more important.

In order to let Shi Yu, who was going out to archeology in the future, eat hot food, it took a lot of effort to materialize the entire automatic kitchen.

Although it was an ancient non-machinery operation, it was precisely because of this that it was delicious. Laborer Buggy was the most glorious.

Little Chi Tong landed on the table and quietly ate the Ice Fire Fried Rice made of the combination of the ice rice and the fire rice. There were also a few soul crystals as embellishments, looking very much like the meat in the fried rice. This was specially customized for its taste by Shi Yu and Baby Ginseng.

“Wuu! (I’m full!)” On the other side, Eleven put down the basin and shouted thanks for the hospitality. Then, it eagerly prepared to run to charge itself. It was just for fun to eat. If it wanted to truly feel free, It still had to go to Ancient Capital University.

In the past few months, the frequency and use of Eleven’s charging even exceeded some teachers’ monarch-level thunder pets.

“Wu wu wu?”

However, just as Eleven was about to go to the charging room, it bumped into two uninvited guests at the door.

Two voices were communicating outside the door. From time to time, pleasant laughter that belonged to young women could be heard. Eleven looked up and realized that it was two rich women.

Lu Qingyi, who was wearing a black T-shirt and brown shorts, a white research suit, and black silk pants.

As well as White Brook, who was wearing a white outdoor combat suit and black combat shorts.

The two of them chatted as they walked to Shi Yu’s dormitory door.

“Eh, it’s Eleven.” At this moment, White Brook noticed the little Iron-eating Beast looking up at them around 0.3 meters from the dormitory door.

“Long time no see.” Lu Qingyi also smiled and greeted Eleven.

“Wuuu!!” Eleven waved its arms up and down to welcome them.

“Where’s your Shi Yu?” White Brook asked.

“Wu wu wu…!” Eleven pointed at the room. It was recuperating.

“Wuu! (Follow me!)” With that said, lightning shot out of its fingertip. An electric arc led to the door, helped the two of them open the door, and prepared to lead the way.

In the room.

Shi Yu was filled with sleepiness.

He had indeed not slept well these few days.

Little Chi Tong was about to squeeze it dry.

It was not easy for his physique to explode. Shi Yu, who had not added any points to Little Chi Tong, finally placed his focus on it.

Apart from the possession skill, the other three high-level skills, Light Flame Sword, Soul Slash, and Deterrence, were also raised to the standard of all proficiency and perfection first. This was to prepare for the approaching martial arts conference.

As for the second one, it was Baby Ginseng.

Its racial skills were still alright. Apart from the super skill source of life, they had already been maxed out. However, the taught skills still had the four skills of Strengthening, Energy Fruit, Multiplication, and Absolute Sleep at the perfect level. They had yet to be maxed out.

Shi Yu planned to wait until it was all maxed out before going to the time mystic realm of Imperial Capital University to give Baby Ginseng the final mutation evolution.

Of course, apart from these skills, Baby Ginseng still didn’t have the common skills in Shi Yu’s team, Deterrence and Super Sight. Neither. Among them, Shi Yu felt that the priority of the super Sight skill should be raised to the highest. He had to prioritize Baby Ginseng.

“Uh, your house is…” Shi Yu asked.

“My parents are businessmen. They’ve also heard of you,” White Brook said. “They’ve long wanted to meet you.”

“The entire White Brook family has the Fusion Talent, and it’s also one of the organizers of the martial arts conference. It protects the Emperor Wu Ruins.” Beside him, Lu Qingyi added, “Have you heard of the Wu Ling Bai family?”

“..” Shi Yu was silent.

He really… didn’t know.

“Wu Ling Bai family is a martial arts family with a very long history. The entire family is mainly composed of Beast Tamers themselves in battle. The family involves archeology, business, medical care, education, nutritional supplements, and many other industries. It’s a very large Beast Tamer family.” Lu

Qingyi smiled and introduced.

“Uncle and Aunt operate a company that specializes in selling Beast Tamers’ body tools and nutritional supplements. The body-forging facilities of Ancient Capital University are all provided by Uncle and Aunt’s company. In addition, White Brook’s second grandfather is a retired legendary Beast Tamer

senior, so White Brook is considered the little princess of the Bai family.”

“It’s far inferior to Senior.” White Brook pounced on the food like a hungry tiger and pounced on Lu Qingyi. She wanted to hug her, but she was directly pushed away by a hand.

Shi Yu:… They really didn’t treat him as an outsider.

However, this was the first time Shi Yu had learned of the situation in White Brook’s family. As expected, she was another rich woman!!

A family that involved many domains sounded very rich.

“So when are we leaving??” Shi Yu asked.

Lu Qingyi, White Brook, and Shi Yu looked at each other.

“There’s no time to lose,” White Brook suggested. “Let’s go today? Principal Feng doesn’t seem to be around today.”

‘Wu Ling City.

Ina second-level city.

This was considered a very developed second-level city. It was a second-level city at the top. Its development was much better than Icefield City.

Martial arts were popular in Wu Ling City. Compared to the Beast Tamers elsewhere, the local Beast Tamers paid more attention to training their bodies. Even if it wasn’t their battle-type Beast Taming Talent, they had to train their bodies well.

The reason was also very simple. It was related to history. According to historical records, Emperor Wu was from Wu Ling City and rose up from here. Therefore, in the subsequent dynasties, this area advocated the style of martial arts.

‘Wu Ling Airport.

The two girls with extraordinary auras and a handsome young man wearing sunglasses beside them attracted everyone’s attention.

Even if handsome men and beautiful women were very common on this blue planet where most people were transcendent life forms, the three of them were still very conspicuous. Especially White Brook, she attracted the gaze of many people that far exceeded Lu Qingyi and Shi Yu.

Many people swallowed their saliva when they saw White Brook’s figure. It wasn’t that she was very voluptuous, but that she was very coordinated. She clearly looked quite strong, and it was obvious that she was a combat expert, but her physique was surprisingly perfect, perfectly balanced at the optimal

point. This was the figure most people in Wuling City envied.

In comparison, the older sister-like Lu Qingyi was clearly not a battle-type Beast Tamer. As for the fiery red Shi Yu, although he was handsome, he didn’t look very strong. He looked weak, like a freeloader

Fortunately, Shi Yu didn’t know what the other party was thinking. Otherwise, he would definitely protest seriously.

He was the one with the strongest physique among the few of them. It was completely no problem for him to punch a transcendent-level beast. As for his figure, although it didn’t have any muscles and might be very ordinary, it definitely revealed valiance in ordinaryness. Training a body of muscles

could only attract men.

“Let’s go to my house directly.”

After coming out of the airport, White Brook directly suggested.

“It’s still early. Why don’t we go shopping?” Lu Qingyi said.

White Brook immediately agreed and said, “Alright, alright. I know a new perfume store. The owner is a master-level botanist who specializes in flower-type pets. The products are all specially made by her. Do you want to take a look?”

“alright.”

Shi Yu:”…”

Perfume?

Shi Yu had plenty of that to offer! He could have as many as he wanted, and they were all top-notch quality. Was there a need to buy them?

“…” Shi Yu suddenly recalled that after Baby Ginseng’s sweet aura rose to the maximum, it had never been given to Senior Lu and the others. Girls should like this thing, right? It was a sin to let Baby Ginseng serve the gem cat… Ina while, he would let Baby Ginseng create an exclusive perfume and send a

bunch to Senior Lu and Senior Panda.

“shi Yu, what about you?” Lu Qingyi looked at Shi Yu.

To

Shi Yu took a look at White Brook’s expectant gaze and decided not to be a third wheel. He said, “You guys shop. I just checked with my cell phone. There seems to be an antique street nearby. I’ll go take a look over there.”

“Eh….” White Brook said,” Alright, then go quickly. But don’t buy random things. There are so many conmen over there. They specialize in deceiving foreign tourists who don’t know anything. How can there be so many treasures to sell? ”

Lu Qingyi said, “Don’t worry, he’s a veteran of that world.”

Shi Yu :”…”