Chapter 233 - Undying Dark Phoenix Enraged

Chapter 233: Undying Dark Phoenix Enraged

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator:

Atlas Studios

Editor:

Atlas Studios

“As expected of my bloodline.”

It looked at Little Chi Tong quietly and smiled warmly.

At this moment, seeing that Chi Tong had really become a phoenix, the corners of the gem cat’s mouth twitched crazily.

Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, and the other pets were also extremely shocked. So, was it really Chi Tong’s mother?

“What evidence is this?”

Shi Yu’s eyelids twitched. This only meant that Chi Tong had the Phoenix bloodline. He had known from the start.

However, he had successfully advanced his soul aura for free. It was really fragrant.

After those undead monarchs submitted, Shi Yu almost thought that he couldn’t cut them anymore. Now that he had successfully absorbed them, it was very comfortable.

Speaking of which, if the Undying Dark Phoenix was really related to Chi Tong, wouldn’t it be impossible for it to be able to kill the Dark Phoenix and advance in the future?

“ju”

Just as everyone’s expressions were extremely silent, only Little Chi Tong was unmoved.

It turned from an extremely gorgeous phoenix spirit form to a small bird spirit form. After eating until it was full, it quietly landed on Shi Yu’s shoulder and didn’t think much of it from the start.

It didn’t care so much. It only recognized Shi Yu.

It only had one relative, Shi Yu.

This was the speciality of a heroic spirit. Once it recognized its master, it would never betray it.

“Jiu?”

At this moment, although he had already believed a little of the Undying Dark Phoenix’s words because of the owl’s prophecy, Shi Yu suddenly calmed down as Chi Tong landed on his shoulder.

Because even if everything was real, so what? Even General Mu Huiyin seemed to have never acknowledged her bloodline.

Instead, she hated her bloodline very much.

Shi Yu slowly raised his head. After taking the soul aura, he said stubbornly, “This doesn’t prove anything at all. Your strength is completely different.”

“Its power is pure Sun Flame. Even in its undead form, its power hasn’t changed.”

“and you have plague and curses on you. It’s pure dark power.”

“What’s your goal?”

As Shi Yu finished speaking, Little Chi Tong leaned closer to Shi Yu, causing the Undying Dark Phoenix to frown and reveal a displeased expression.

But soon, it was relieved.

“Since you don’t believe me, I’ll reveal more information.”

A dark light flashed in the Undying Dark Phoenix’s eyes.

“In ancient times, humans were divided into pure-blood humans and mixed-blood humans. The mixed-blood humans were a group of humans who had obtained the bloodline of the different races. They had a common characteristic, which was that their talent potential was outstanding, and they even

surpassed the pure-blood humans. Their talent was the forte of the two races.”

“Among them, the most typical is humans and dragons.”

“More than two thousand years ago, the development of the Phoenix Race fell into a certain bottleneck. A voice appeared in the Phoenix Race, giving the power of the bloodline to some humans with suitable physiques and relying on humans with the Phoenix bloodline to break this bottleneck.”

“However, because the growth of hybrids requires too many resources and the Phoenix Race has many members who pursue the purity of their bloodline, two factions have been divided in the race.”

“One side supports the hybrid human plan, and the other is determined to oppose humans sharing the resources of the Phoenix Race.”

“Among them, it was born at that time. I gave it the Phoenix bloodline, and it’s my real daughter.”

‘The Undying Dark Phoenix looked at Little Chi Tong and smiled. With this look, Little Chi Tong’s bloodline power surged and actually resonated a little.

“Unfortunately, not long after the hybrid plan started, the two factions had a conflict due to resources. There was internal strife among the Phoenix Race, and many hybrids were eliminated by the pureblood. At that time, in order to ensure its safety, I hid her in the human world.”

“When the internal strife of the Phoenix Race ended, I went to look for it. It had already disappeared and was suspected to be dead… Now that it can revive in its undead form, it’s really beyond my expectations. It’s surprising.”

Shi Yu fell silent on the spot.

It seemed… matching?

That initial hybrid was General Mu Huiyin.

As for why the bloodline disappeared, it was because a portion of the bloodline power was separated from Mu Huiyin after she grew up and became the current Little Chi Tong.

“Don’t believe it easily.” Seeing Shi Yu’s expression change slightly, the gem cat beside him reminded Shi Yu.

‘There was something wrong with this guy. It had to believe its instincts as a female cat.

“I know…” Shi Yu still had many questions.

‘The Undying Dark Phoenix was a top-notch totem of the undead and dark elements, while Mu Huiyin and Little Chi Tong both had phoenix bloodlines that had the power of the sun.

The strength system was completely unrelated.

The Undying Dark Phoenix said, “As for the power system, it’s because I’ve fallen once. Our predecessor was the race closest to the divine level in the Phoenix Race, the Sun God Phoenix. After an accidental death, I revived in the world as the Undying Dark Phoenix.”

“This is my second body. Just like how it became an undead, I also became an undead.”

“Accidental death? According to what I know, the Undying Dark Phoenix was the one who experienced the internal strife of the Phoenix Race during the era of the empress dynasty.”

“Because the power was too evil, it was sealed here by the empress.”

Shi Yu stared at the Undying Dark Phoenix intently. Becoming an undead still couldn’t explain the power attribute.

‘The Undying Dark Phoenix smiled. “The empress you’re talking about…”

“It means my other daughter, its sister.”

Shi Yu, the Gem Cat, and the pets:???

Chi Tong:??

‘The Undying Dark Phoenix said, “After the first internal strife of the Phoenix Race, the power of the hybrid sect gained the upper hand. The hybrid plan was activated again and obtained unprecedented success. Its sister grew into the human empress at that time. However, at this moment, the few

purebloods colluded with the foreign races and launched internal strife again. I was poisoned and cursed to become what I am now.”

“In the cursed state, because I couldn’t control my power, because I would subconsciously release plagues and curses to accelerate the birth of undead, I took the initiative to ask the empress you mentioned to seal me. I planned to accept purification after she resolved the internal strife and totems.”

“But unfortunately, I couldn’t wait for her to successfully resolve the internal strife. The Phoenix Race was also on the verge of destruction due to the internal strife and external enemies. The world was in chaos, and she also disappeared.”

“Then in the future, in order to suppress the curse, I slept here.”

“This time, I only woke up for a short period of time because I sensed a similar bloodline power. I could only talk to you through my consciousness possessing the undead.”

‘The gem cat opened its mouth wide.

Although it reminded Shi Yu not to believe it easily, it didn’t expect that the story could develop in an even more ridiculous direction.

The human empress had become this little sword spirit’s sister?

Damn it, the Undying Dark Phoenix was full of nonsense.

Shi Yu’s expression was also very confused.

Shi Yu said, “So, what’s your goal?”

“Tm just meeting my bloodline, plus…”

“Lwant you to release me from the seal. Her seal can only be unsealed by the Sun God Fire, which is also the transcendent Sun Flame you mentioned. At the moment, it’s the only one with this bloodline aptitude.”

The Undying Dark Phoenix looked at Chi Tong.

Upon hearing that it wanted to break the seal, Shi Yu wanted to refuse on the spot.

Even if what the Undying Dark Phoenix said was true, it couldn’t be unsealed casually.

The Undying Dark Phoenix had also said that it had the plague and curse. It was the source of all the undead in the Undead Battlefield. Its power would go berserk at all times. In this situation, who dared to unseal it?

However, when they heard the Undying Dark Phoenix say that only transcendent-level super skills could unseal it, Shi Yu and the others were stunned again.

What did the other party mean? Did it want them to unseal it in the future?

‘The current Little Chi Tong didn’t have that strength.

The Undying Dark Phoenix looked at Shi Yu and Chi Tong. “No matter what, it was born because of me.”

“You’re currently in a contract with it. I don’t reject this relationship. It’s naturally best if you’re willing to help it grow.”

“When its Sun Flame reaches a certain level, not only can it break my seal, but it can also cleanse the curse and plague on my body. I hope you can return here after you grow up.”

“Of course, from the looks of it, it doesn’t seem to acknowledge me as a mother. But it doesn’t matter. Whether you accept it or not, I’ll help you grow quickly. No matter what, she’s my daughter, my bloodline.”

“Tonce opened a mystic realm. A large amount of resources I collected are stored there. Apart from legendary-level resources, there’s also a divine-level resource that can be used for your growth and easily help you break through to the totem level. Only people with the power of my bloodline can

successfully open that mystic realm. From now on, all the treasures there are yours.”

“Tl tell you the location of that mystic realm.”

At this moment, when it heard the Undying Dark Phoenix’s words, the gem cat’s eyes lit up.

Divine-level resources.

Shi Yu’s eyes also lit up. “Mom!”

‘The Undying Dark Phoenix:??

The gem cat:??

Eleven, Buggy, Ginseng Baby:???

Chi Tong: “?”

Shi Yu said, “…I was just kidding. Continue.”

‘The Undying Dark Phoenix nodded and released flames to weave a huge map in the sky. The style of this map looked to be from Emperor Shi’s era, but Shi Yu was knowledgeable and recognized it.

At this moment, when he saw the coordinates, Shi Yu thought carefully and was stunned.

‘This was no longer within Dong Huang. From the looks of it, it didn’t seem to be the totem area either.

From the current geographical location, the mystic realm opened by the Undying Dark Phoenix was located in the seven neighboring islands, one of the seven islands.

Among the seven countries, Dong Huang, Rongguang, the seven islands, Shen Feng, Ming Hua, Tingxiang, and Xue Yuan, the seven islands were the closest to Dong Huang.

“After approaching that place, due to the connection of the bloodline power, you will naturally sense the entrance of the mystic realm.”

The beautiful woman that the Undying Dark Phoenix turned into smiled and said, “Not only that, I also know many Phoenix Race mystic realms and Kingdom mystic realms of the Empress Dynasty. These are all resources prepared for us to lead to the divine path, but the opening method isn’t that simple.

After you rescue me, I’ll bring you to search. From the current situation, there aren’t many members of the Phoenix Race left. The hope of reviving the Phoenix Race can only be relied on us.”

Shi Yu and the gem cat nodded crazily. Alright, Mom.

‘The Undying Dark Phoenix was tired. It didn’t seem to be useful for her to play the family card. Material benefits were the way to go.

It didn’t know if it could deceive this group of people in front of it.X

However, regardless of whether it could deceive them or not, it was already a good thing that its consciousness had awakened this time.

After all the instructions were completed, the expression of the human figure that the Phoenix had turned into changed slightly.

“That’s all I want to say. Because of this awakening, my strength might go berserk for a period of time. A large amount of plague and curse power will leak out and affect the outside world. Many new undead will be born in the Undead Battlefield, and many undead will advance. It’s best if you leave here

now.”

“And in advance, prepare to face the undead riot.”

With that said, black mist lingered around its body. A large amount of energy swelled in its body, as if it was about to self-destruct. Upon seeing this scene, Shi Yu and the gem cat were stunned on the spot.

“Holy shit.”

Did it have to be so sudden?

“Run.” At this moment, the gem cat also sensed the huge energy rolling in the earth vein. Its expression couldn’t help but change. Ignoring whether Baby Ginseng had finished absorbing the energy of the Undying Pond, it directly enveloped Shi Yu and the others with its mental strength and used Instant

Transmission to leave quickly.

Boom!!!

Shi Yu and the others had just teleported away when the Phoenix Fire self-destructed. A large amount of plagues, viruses, and curses surged out of its body. The ground here directly cracked, emitting a rich black light that constantly spread out.

Sensing the plague and curse power coming from behind, the gem cat kept accelerating with a stunned expression.

Damn, what was going on today?

If it had known, he wouldn’t have come to the Undead Battlefield with Shi Yu.

ahhh, slow down.”

‘As the gem cat’s escape speed was too fast, Shi Yu immediately couldn’t take it and felt a little carsick.

“Can you not run faster? It’s the power of a totem-level curse!!”

“Also, do you believe its words?”

“Believe my ass,” Shi Yu said directly.

‘The Undying Dark Phoenix was Chi Tong and the empress’s mother?

No matter how he thought about it, something was wrong.

This phoenix didn’t look like a good person at all. It wasn’t as friendly as Sister Ice Dragon at all.

In short, it was all because the prophecy of the owl had disturbed his judgment.

“Then do you want to go to the mystic realm it mentioned?”

‘The gem cat asked the most important question.

Shi Yu:”…”

The gem cat :”…”

Damn, what was going on?

At the same time.

The Beast Tamer Troops guarding the edge of the ancient capital, Master Xu Kai, was talking to Principal Feng.

Principal Feng; “This kid, why is he so disobedient? And the gem cat, it actually brought him to such a dangerous place.”

Xu Kai laughed and said, “As expected, you didn’t know, but the problem shouldn’t be big, The Undead Battlefield is completely like a backyard to Lord Gem Cat. There shouldn’t be any problem with them.”

Principal Feng: “I know…”

As the two of them chatted, a few figures suddenly appeared in Master Xu Kai’s office.

Master Xu Kai, who was holding the phone, looked at this group of travel-worn guys in a daze.

“Shi Yu? Why are you back?”

Shi Yu said, “Instructor Xu, stop chatting. There’s a big problem. The Undying Dark Phoenix’s consciousness has awakened, and its power is leaking. A new wave of undead attacks is about to happen in the Undead Battlefield. Hurry up and prepare.”

Xu Kai and Principal Fen

The two exploded.

Damn it, Shi Yu!