Chapter 232 - Awakening Of The Phoenix Bloodline

Chapter 232: Awakening of the Phoenix Bloodline

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator:

Atlas Studios

Editor:

Atlas Studios

The Undead monarchs submitted.

At this moment, Shi Yu and the others were completely speechless.

‘The gem cat was also stunned on the spot.

They looked at the many Undead Monarchs who had submitted and the similarly shocked Shi Yu in a daze.

What the hell.

‘The gem cat had thought of many possibilities, but it never expected that the Undead Monarch would submit to Shi Yu after coming together.

“You, you, you…”

‘The gem cat waved its claws around and stared at Shi Yu, imagining things.

Could it be.

After a moment of silence, Shi Yu said, “I’ll lay my cards on the table.”

‘The gem cat shuddered.

“Tve laid my cards on the table. I don’t know what’s going on either!”

The gem cat :”…”

At this moment, Shi Yu felt guilty to be subjugated by a bunch of undead.

A bunch of criminals ran over to call him boss. Anyone would be stunned.

“Meow.”

The gem cat’s gaze flickered.

‘The gem cat, who had originally wanted to attack, didn’t know what to do now.

So what exactly was going on?

Only Baby Ginseng didn’t move and continued to draw the energy of the Undying Pond.

Soon, soon.

At this moment, among many undead monarchs, a ball of three-colored flames that looked like a phoenix suddenly changed.

< Name > Phoenix Fire

[Attributes]: Undead, Fire

[Race Level]: High Class Monarch

< Introduction > It’s a spirit formed by the Phoenix’s flames.

Under its transformation, it gradually turned into a beautiful woman in a black dress with a noble aura.

It frowned and muttered to itself. Then, it looked at Shi Yu and the others.

“This body… I’m not used to it.”

“But it can barely be used for speaking.”

After the aura of the Phoenix Fire changed, the dark aura spread, as if some other creature had seized control of its body.

After it appeared, the other undead monarchs crawled even deeper, their gazes even more afraid.

Sensing the change in the Phoenix Fire, the gem cat’s expression suddenly changed drastically.

Because this aura was too similar to the aura of the Undying Dark Phoenix sealed under the Undead Battlefield.

“Undying Dark Phoenix?” The gem cat spoke in surprise and broke out in cold sweat.

Although it sensed that the other party still had the strength of a monarch, its mind was taut to the extreme at this moment.

It was already 120% focused and prepared to escape with Shi Yu at any time.

“Eh?” The humanoid woman formed by the Phoenix Fire looked at the gem cat in surprise and said, “You recognize it?”

‘Wu Wu!

As the Undying Dark Phoenix finished speaking, Shi Yu, Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, and the others were immediately stunned. Tears flickered.

Damn, gem cat, you jinx.

Who was the one who said that as long as the Undying Dark Phoenix didn’t break the seal, the Undead Battlefield was very safe?

In the end, it really broke… How?

Monarchs could be dealt with easily, and overlords weren’t too much either, but totems, how could they deal with this!

‘The gem cat’s expression was also a little bad. It felt that Shi Yu was a disaster-bringer. It really gave the cat a headache.

This guy was clearly here for Shi Yu.

Being stared at by the human form of the Undying Dark Phoenix, Shi Yu and the others didn’t dare to act rashly, even if the other party’s human form was very beautiful.

“Long time no see.”

‘The Undying Dark Phoenix ignored the gem cat and looked at Shi Yu seriously.

“My daughter.”

Shi Yu: “?”

Everyone:

“Meow?”

“Huh?” “Huh?” “vi?”

“Huh?”

As the Undying Dark Phoenix finished speaking, it was as if it had thrown a nuclear bomb at the scene.

The heavy atmosphere was instantly destroyed.

Everyone present was stunned.

The gem cat, Eleven, Buggy, and even Baby Ginseng looked at Shi Yu in shock.

Holy shit.

What was going on?

Daughter?

Shi Yu was also a little stunned, but he quickly reacted.

‘The other party wasn’t talking about him at all.

“Chi Tong?” Shi Yu asked in confusion.

“Jiu?”

In the next moment, Little Chi Tong left Shi Yu and flew out in the form of a bird spirit.

Shi Yu quickly recovered his black hair and eyes.

‘As expected, the Undying Dark Phoenix and the group of undead monarchs looked at Chi Tong.

‘The daughter the Undying Dark Phoenix mentioned was Chi Tong!

At this moment, when it saw Chi Tong, the Undying Dark Phoenix directly smiled.

“although the form is a little strange, it seems to have really been preserved.”

“But from the looks of it, she seems to have completely forgotten her identity.”

“Stop pretending…”

At this moment, the gem cat narrowed its eyes. Psychic power had already enveloped all the undead monarchs.

It had already calmed down.

Although the development of the plot was a little strange, it didn’t forget the identity of this group of undead monarchs.

‘They were all participants in the undead siege and were proper ferocious spirits.

‘As the source of the Ancient Capital’s Undead Battlefield, how could the Undying Dark Phoenix be Little Chi Tong’s mother? This was very ridiculous, alright?

All kinds of records showed that the Undying Dark Phoenix was a big boss-level ferocious spirit that had triggered multiple undead disasters.

It could tell that the Undying Dark Phoenix’s consciousness had only temporarily taken over the body of the Phoenix Fire. Its strength was still at the monarch level, and its main body was probably still sealed and not worth mentioning.

It could also be crushed.

Boom!!!

‘The Gem Cat’s deterrence erupted, but in the next moment, Shi Yu hurriedly said, “Wait, wait.”

Because he suddenly recalled the prophecy of the owl.

He had asked the owl about Chi Tong’s bloodline.

‘The other party predicted the scene of Chi Tong splitting open the Undying Dark Phoenix’s seal.

Holy shit, it couldn’t really be related, right?

“There’s something you should know…”

Shi Yu instantly conveyed what had happened in the capital to the gem cat through telepathy, stunning it.

Meow, meow, meow?

‘The gem cat widened its eyes and looked at Shi Yu.

No matter how it looked at it, this looked like a scam, but this guy was saying that it might be true?

Could that owl be trusted?

shi Yu:”…”

Did the bad reputation of the Prediction Owl spread to the gem cat?

At this moment, things were extremely strange.

For a moment, Shi Yu didn’t know what to do.

“Do you have any evidence?”

He could only look at the Undying Dark Phoenix and ask.

In the face of this question, the beautiful woman in human form formed by the Undying Dark Phoenix’s Phoenix Fire still smiled.

“Not only you, even I’m very surprised.”

“You need evidence. Coincidentally, I also need to verify its bloodline power.”

‘There was too much information, making the gem cat, Shi Yu, and the others a little stunned.

Before Shi Yu and the others could react, black flames burned in the Undying Dark Phoenix’s eyes.

In the next moment, the bodies of the dozen or so undead monarchs and commander-level undead present were lit up by black flames, and they suddenly let out painful wails.

Bone Dragon King, Black Spirit Great Daoist Master, Death Knight, Dark Death Centipede King, Soul Devouring Spider Queen, Ice Spirit Lady, Thousand Eyed Tree, Nine-Tailed Spirit Fox… One undead monarch after another lost their lives almost instantly.

“Oooh—”

In the blink of an eye, these undead monarchs that wreaked havoc in the undead battlefield were killed by the black flames in unison and turned into dust.

Seeing this scene, the expressions of Shi Yu and the others changed, revealing looks of disbelief.

What was it doing?

Summoning a bunch of undead just to kill them?

“aren’t they your subordinates?” Shi Yu immediately asked.

‘The Undying Dark Phoenix: “It’s just undead born from the plague and curse that’s around me. They can’t be considered subordinates, just a group of ferocious spirits.”

“It’s their fortune to be able to become nutrients.”

This person had no right to call them ferocious spirits!!!

Shi Yu and the others wanted to complain.

‘The gem cat’s expression was also filled with confusion, but in the next moment, it seemed to understand the other party’s intention.

Boom!

After these undead were killed, soul aura surged into the sky and filled the entire sky.

Then, countless soul auras floated into the space.

It actually directly penetrated the spatial seal and wrapped around Little Chi Tong.

“Jiu??”

Little Chi Tong was stunned. It sensed the tempting aura of the soul aura and wanted to eat it very much, but it was at a loss.

Shi Yu had taught it not to attack and eat without orders.

At this moment, the Undying Dark Phoenix said,

“Aren’t you guys hunting undead to help it free its strength?”

“Tl help you.”

“If you don’t absorb it soon, it’ll be wasted.”

“After unsealing its power, its bloodline will awaken and become a phoenix spirit. This is the best evidence.”

At this moment, Shi Yu didn’t know what to do, so he looked at the gem cat.

‘The gem cat’s expression was serious. “There’s nothing wrong with the soul aura…”

Shi Yu nodded. “Chi Tong.”

“Jiu!!” After obtaining the Beast Tamer’s permission, Little Chi Tong’s eyes lit up. He activated the Spirit Release and absorbed the soul aura wrapped around him.

Boom!!!

In the next moment, Little Chi Tong’s body emitted the light of the sun. Its body seemed to have turned into a fire vortex, erupting with a huge gravity, absorbing the soul aura that filled the sky into his body.

The flames obliterated the soul aura and turned into nutrients for its own growth.

During this process, Little Chi Tong’s aura gradually strengthened.

Amoment later, its body erupted with a soaring fire light. Its growth level directly broke through to commander rank.

Red flames, gray soul aura, and white advanced light intertwined. Soon, the soul aura produced by the deaths of many undead was completely absorbed by Little Chi Tong.

At this moment, its body underwent another huge change!

In the center of the flames, an orange-red light slowly burned.

“Jiu!!!”

With a high cry, all the flames began to retract inward. The flames swept up with a shocking phoenix might, and the orange flames that shot into the sky instantly filled the sky.

At this moment, not only did a huge flame shoot into the sky, but a loud phoenix cry also erupted.

‘The dazzling flames cut through the dark clouds like a sun, almost illuminating the entire Undying Pond. Soon, as the evolution flames gradually faded, a huge figure appeared.

Ahuge fiery red bird flew in the flames in mid-air. Its dazzling orange-red tail feathers were long. It had a perfect body shape, a crown-like feather crown on its head, dazzling feathers, shining wings, colorful appearance, and pleasant cry. All of them displayed the majesty of the king of birds.

It was the new form released after Chi Tong’s Spirit Release reached expert level, the Phoenix Spirit mentioned by the Undying Dark Phoenix.

Seeing this scene, the Undying Dark Phoenix showed an “as expected” expression.

At this moment, as the phoenix spirit appeared, the index data in front of Shi Yu also began to change crazily.

[Energy Points]: 140089

After liberating its new form and breaking through to commander rank, Little Chi Tong’s energy attribute immediately matched the Butterfly of Imagination.

‘The huge deterrence stunned Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, and the other pets.

Damn.

They looked at the wind spirit in the sky and were extremely shocked. This was Little Chi Tong??

Why did the energy wave suddenly become so terrifying?

Buggy immediately cried. It felt that the time for the Shi Yu tournament would come soon.

This wave was an epic strengthening of Chi Tong? No! It was an Epic Strengthening of Shi Yu!

At this moment, what concerned Shi Yu the most was not the new form released after Little Chi Tong’s Spirit Release reached the expert level, but that it had brought some new abilities during the breakthrough and liberation process.

[Race Name]: Spirit: Chi Tong

[Race Attributes]: Undead, Fire

{Race Level]: High-level overlord (Quasi Mythical)

{Level of Growth]: Commander Level

{Race Skill]: Advanced: Light Flame Sword (Proficient), Possession (Expert), Soul Slaying (Proficient), Deterrence (Initial-level Phoenix Might, has a strong commanding and deterrence effect on birds and undead)

Super level: Sun Flame (Initiate), Spirit Release (Expert), Interlocking Sword (Initiate)

After breaking through, Little Chi Tong awakened deterrence, and it was a deterrence unique to the Phoenix Race that was not inferior to dragon might. It could command hundreds of birds.

Apart from that, the Phoenix Spirit had the flames of regeneration. As long as it didn’t die, all the damage it suffered with the target it possessed could be healed through the flames of regeneration. The healing effect depended on the level of the Spirit Release.

If the bird spirit form gave Chi Tong the racial ability to recover its physical strength with the power of the sun, then the phoenix spirit form gave it the special ability to recover from its injuries with the power of the sun!