Chapter 230 - Mutated Fruit In The Undying Pond

Chapter 230: Mutated Fruit in the Undying Pond

Translator: Atlas Studios| Editor: Atlas Studios

Outside the Ancient Capital, the Undead Battlefield.

At the bottom of the deep and dark cave.

A creature that looked like a dark phoenix with black feathers covering its

back, its wings and tail wrapped in black and red flames looked outside the

cage.

This bloodline.”

Its eyes flickered witha dark light as its consciousness slowly spread out.

“It’s actually preserved”

“Scree-”

After liberating its second form, Little Chi Tong slowly landed on Shi Yu’s

shoulder in the form of a bird spirit.

It was overjoyed and chirped.

Great

It had a mouth.

In the future, it could eat the ice directly.

“You only know how to eat

Shi Yu revealed a helpless expression. You little guy, how many ice-element

energy crystals have you wasted ?

However, what he did have was a lot of those…

“Sigh

Shi Yu smiled with some surprise.

Bird spirit..

Shi Yu thought it would be in the form of a big sword.

Or some armor spirit.

It went from a sword spirit to an animal spirit. Who would have thought that?

It crossed races.

However, it didn’t seem very surprising. After all, General Mu Huiyin had the

Phoenix bloodline.

Then, what would the next form be?

“Let’s try a new possession state first.”

Shi Yu stopped guessing and said to Little Chi Tong.

“Chirp -” Little Chi Tong understood.

Its gaze was intelligent as it slowly took off. After circling around, it directly

fused into shi Yu’s body in the form of a bird spirit.

At this moment, Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, and the gem cat’s gazes were all

attracted.

In the next moment, Shi Yu’s body began to turn blurry and hot. Red arcs of

fire slowly erupted and lingered around him.

Boom..

As energy surged, shi Yu turned into the form with red hair and eyes ina

moment.

Countless fire threads condensed, and a fierce spiritual aura that was like the

flames of the sun turned into flames that wrapped around Shi Yu’s body. Under

the flames was his thin, white, and rather powerful body.

“From the looks of it, it’s no different from when the sword spirit possessed me

previously.”

“But.”

Shi Yu tooka deep breath and his body slowly floated in the air.

Without wings, it was as if the body was not restrained by the gravity and could

directly float in the air.

Under the envelopment of the flames, Shi Yu exerted strength all over his body

and instantly turned into a flame. He flew thousands of meters away at an

extremely fast speed!

Looking at Shi Yu’s disappearing figure, Eleven, Buggy, and Baby Ginseng

smacked their lips.

Great, Shi Yu was becoming less and less human.

Moments later, Shi Yu turned around and flew back with extreme ease

The flying speed was extremely fast, and the flames were the accelerator of

ilight!

“It’s time to learm the Flying Sword Art.” Shi Yu clicked his tongue in wonder.

“But I feel that the sword techniques are still more handsome”

Shi Yu glanced at Baby Ginseng.

Alright, this time, he could fly too.

Well, Baby Ginseng was indeed a little miserable. He would teach it some skills

to counter flying opponents someday.

For example, earth-type skills, gravity?

Ginseng Baby: QAQ

It was too much.

This state looks very strong”

This was the first time the gem cat had seen the state of the Sword Spirit

Possession. It couldn’t help but showa praising expression.

Although Little Chi Tong was only at the transcendent level, after possessing

Shi Yu, the power produced by the resonance between the two parties far

exceeded that of ordinary commander ranks.

“Yeah.”

Shi Yu was also very satisfied with his current state.

At this moment, apart from his flying ability, he also sensed something

different.

Because of the bird spirit’s special physique, Shi Yu felt that his recovery ability

had increased again in this state.

The burden on him was much smaller.

In addition, his control over the power of possession had also become better.

It seemed.. that it could freely adjust its current power.

As Shi Yu tried it, the fire spiritual energy on his body slowly weakened and

gradually dissipated. Soon, there were no longer any energy fluctuations on Shi

Yu’s body. However, he was still red-haired and had red eyes. Moreover, he was

floating in the sky.

At this moment, Shi Yu was like an ordinary person with dyed hair and

beautiful eyes. He didn’t look as battle ready as before, but in fact, this was also

an illusion. It was just that Shi Yu had restrained his strength.

“I originally thought that only by perfecting or transcendent the possession

skill could I do this, but from the looks of it, the bird spirit’s possession state is

much gentler than the sword spirit’s.”

Shi Yu floated in the air and stretched out his hand. A fire sword spirit

condensed in his hand. Although it was possessed by a bird spirit, Chi Tong’s

two forms could be switched freely, so the current Shi Yu still had very strong

battle power.

In addition, if he didn’t fight, he felt that it shouldn’t be a problem for him to

maintain this state for a day.

In short, the functionality of possession had become stronger.

Fly one more round!”

Shi Yu seemed to be dissatisfied.

On the sofa.

The gem cat, Eleven, BugEy, and Baby Ginseng looked at Shi Yu, who couldn’t

bear to come down and was still flying around in the sky like a fly, and fell into

deep thought.

“Hey!!

The gem cat shouted helplessly and said, “Are you done playing?”

This was the second time it shouted.

It wasn’t the first time it had brought its students to the Undead Battlefield to

train, but in the past hundred years, Shi Yu was definitely the one who made

the cat most worried.

It was too easy to become obsessed with his own world..

“Ah ha.”

“Alright.”

In the sky, Shi Yu was pulled back by the gem cat’s mental strength.

He scratched his head in embarrasSment and slowly flew to their side.

“Well, let’s continue?

After Shi Yu laughed, his eyes lit up.

He was looking forward to Little Chi Tong’s next form.

At this rate, the Spirit Release would probably be at the expert level soon and

free the next form.

At that time, would there be any new changes to the possession skill

“Be more careful.” The gem cat shook its head and said, “You still have the final

exam in three days. We can’t stay here for too long.”

“Let’s go directly to the Undying Pond now. After I temporarily unseal that

place, the temptation enmitted by the Undying Pond should be greater than

Baby Ginseng. At that time, it should be able to attract many monarch-level

undead.”

It can definitely increase faster by directly killing a monarch-level undead”

The gem cat’s gaze was fierce. It was super fierce.

Shi Yu’s heart skipped a beat. He was still worried that Little Chi Tong’s

appetite was too small and couldn’t take it.

However, the gem cat was eager to try.

What bad intentions did the cat have?

Instant Transmission was a good skill for traveling.

The Gem Cat’s Instant Transmission was even better than Buggy’s. Shi Yu and

the others flashed into a new place.

Without much time, or even sensing the situation outside, they arrived near

the Undying Pond.

The Undying Pond was located in a valley. Its surroundings were sealed by

transcendent spatial shackles. At first, it was set up by an overlord-level

spatial pet

There were no overlord-level undead in the Undead Battlefield at all, nor were

there undead who were proficient in spatial power. Therefore, this seal was

foolproof. It wouldn’t let wild undead accidentally obtain benefits from the

Undying Pond.

After that, the spatial seal was strengthened and strengthened several times.

This mission was done by the Beast Tamers native to the ancient capital.

The overlord gem cat that had mastered spatial skills was naturally among

them.

Therefore, it also contributed to this seal. It wasn’t bragging that it could bring

Shi Yu to the Undying Pond to take a look

“This is the place.”

In the sky above the Undying Pond, Shi Yu and the others appeared.

The gem cat looked down and said.

In the sky, through the transparent seal, they could clearly see the black pool

inside the seal.

Although he couldn’t see clearly what was going on inside the pool, from the

black ground near the pool and the spatial seal that had been corroded, this

was definitely not a good place,

“Yi-”

In Shi Yu’s pocket, Baby Ginseng’s expression was blurred.

Ginseng Baby: “(+-+)

It looked at the black pool and felt that it was very dangerous..

Baby Ginseng tugged at Shi Yu’s clothes.

Otherwise, our Moon Gem, Time Soil, and Time Mystic Realm would make do.

Forget about the Undying Pond.

If anything happened, who would create supplements in the future?

“True.” Shi Yu agreed abnormally quickly.

In any case, he was most concerned about the power ot time. The power ot

death didn’t matter.

Just like when he gave Buggy the opportunity to apply for a choice, Shi Yu also

gave Baby Ginseng enough choice.

Moreover, there were too many mutations. Shi Yu was also worried that Baby

Ginseng wouldn’t be able to take it.

He was just here to take a look.

“Yi??

Seeing that Shi Yu agreed so quickly, Baby Ginseng’s face turned bitter again.

Looking at the Undying Pond, it felt that it was a pity to miss it.

Ah, so conflicted.

“Yi!!

However, after thinking for a few seconds, Baby Ginseng decided to give it a

Iy.

It looked at Eleven and Buggy, who were watching the commotion on Shi Yu’s

shoulder.

It really didn’t have the confidence to become stronger than them with just the

Moon Gem, the soil of time, and the mystic realm of time.

The thought of being chased and nibbled by a bunch of totems in the owl’s

premonition made Baby Ginseng shiver.

Instead of being helpless at that time, it was better to give it a try now!

It had a transcendent mutated body, so there was no reason for it to be afraid!

Could this Undying Pond be stronger than the Fruit of Life

It could successfully eata level-eight resource mutation when it was at the

Awakening level. Now that it hada transcendent-level mutation, soaking in

the Undying Pond was not a problem.

After comforting itself and boosting his courage, Baby Ginseng made up its

mind to give it a try.

“Don’t be afraid, it’s just the Undying Pond”

The gem cat said indifferently.

It had mastered dozens of skills. Although it had only mastered a few

convenient ones, it was still easy for it to ensure that Shi Yu and the others

weren’t affected by the Undying Pond with its overlord-level protective power.

Baby Ginseng: Really?!

Keally!

The gem cat was confident.

“However..” Although it was confident that it could protect Shi Yu and the

others, did Shi Yu and the others plan to rely on the Undying Pond to let Baby

Ginseng mutate and evolve? Was it reliable?

The gem cat revealed a thoughtful expression. In the past hundred years, there

was only one successful case of the Ancient Tree of Life and Death.

“Why do I feel that you guys aren’t very reliable

It said suspiciously.

“Don’t worry, don’t worry” Shi Yu smiled and tricked it. “Don’t forget that Baby

Ginseng is a super genius who successfully mutated a level-eight resource at

the Awakening level. Its mutation level is naturally transcendent. No mutation

environment can stop it.”

The gem cat stared at him.

Soon, the gem cat opened a door on the seal of the Undying Pond. Under the

gem cat’s lead, shi Yu and the others easily arrived at the edge of the pool.

Before entering, the gem cat addeda layer of protection to Shi Yu and the

others, including Baby Ginseng.

This could ensure that Shi Yu and the others were not corroded by the death

power of the Undying Pond.

At this moment, as he approached the Undying Pond, shi Yu took a deep

breath.

He felt that transcendent-level mutants should still be trustworthy.

After all, it was a high-level skill. After all, he had triggered it to perfection

After matching the worm’s phantom illusion, the phantom image could even

borrow the power of a level-seven resource for itself. It shouldn’t be a problem

for Baby Ginseng’s mutation to successfully absorb the power of death.

Shi Yu said, “It can reduce the protective power on Baby Ginseng a little.”

“Alright.”

The gem cat nodded. At the same time, Baby Ginseng approached the pool

nervously.

As the gem cat reduced its protective power, Baby Ginseng immediately felt a

wave of death power invading its body, scaring it and immediately making it

take a step back

“Meow!” Seeing Baby Ginseng retreat, the gem cat quickly applied its protective

power on it

“Although your life force is very strong, your growth level is a little low,

meow.

The gem cat said, “Come, Ill help you cleanse the power of death again.”

It was’t impossible to replicate the miracle of the Ancient Tree of Life, but the

growth level of the ginseng baby seemed to be too low. Its life force wasn’t

enough to resist the death power here. This was the difficulty.

‘No.

“Yi”

Just as the gem cat finished speakingS, Shi Yu and Baby Ginseng’s expressions

suddenly turned serious.

“Teacher Ying, please cancel the protective power.”

“Yi! (Cancel!)”

At this moment, Baby Ginseng sensed the situation in its body in shock.

After the death power corroded its body, its body seemed to have activated

immunity, directly storing the death power in a place that couldn’t affect its

body.

Skill: Mutant

< Introduction > It’s a wood-element skill. It can collect the power of mutation

through external stimulation. Whether it can perfectly absorb the power of

mutation to complete the racial mutation depends on the skill level and growth

level.

Skill Proficiency: Transcendent

In just an instant, Shi Yu and Baby Ginseng determined that a

transcendent-level mutation perfectly countered the power of death here!

In other words, it was not impossible to use the power of death as a mutation.

“Yi!! (Mere death power, Teacher Ying, you’re looking downm on me.)” Baby

Ginseng suddenly became bold.

Let the gem cat continue to revoke its protective power.

“Yi (There’s a new life in death, a new dawn in despair. The power of death.. I’ll

conquer it for sure!)” Baby Ginseng shouted.

Eleven, Bugey:

Damn, it was sick again.

The gem cat:??

???

The gem cat was stunned, not understanding what had happened.

However, when it saw Shi Yu and Baby Ginseng suddenly so determined, it was

stunned for a moment before retracting a little of its protective power.

Baby Ginseng continued to take a small step forward without fear and sat

beside the pool. With a nervous expression, it placed its little feet deep înto the

Undying Pond.

In the next moment, endless death power surged into Baby Ginseng’s body.

“vi! (That’s all.)”

Baby Ginseng swelled up. It looked at the Undying Pond like it was soaking its

feet in water.

It felt that its body could still withstand it, could still withstand it..

Soon, Baby Ginseng hada strange feeling.

Although it didn’t feel that it had reached its limit, the death power

accumulated in its body had already given the ginseng baby a feeling. At the

moment, it could let this death power stimulate its body to mutate. Although

the direction of the mutation couldn’t be confirmed, it could indeed mutate.

Baby Ginseng’s expression was serious as it rejected the temptation.

It wanted to get it done in one go and mutate together ith various mutated

powers. Just the Undying Pond was not enough, not enough to make it

stronger.

“Yi! (Bam! Mutated Fruit!”

A moment later, in order to give the mutant enough space, in order to squeeze

as much energy from the Undying Pond as possible, Baby Ginseng had an idea.

“Yil” As Baby Ginseng endured the power of the Undying Pond, it eliminated

the mutated power it had absorbed from its body and condensed it in the

outside world, forming a mutated fruit containing the power of death.

Dao Proficiency Nutrition+transcendent mutant = Mutated Evolution Fruit!

It planned to eat it after its final evolution!

“Meow, meow, meow???* Seeing Baby Ginseng soaking its feet in the Undying

Pond, the gem cat was already shocked. After all, Baby Ginseng was only at the

commander rank.

Now, as it saw Baby Ginseng directly condense the power of the Undying Pond

into a Death Spirit Fruit, its eyes widened

How, how did it do it!

That worked?

It looked at Shi Yu.

Shi Yu was also slightly stunned.

I already said that its mutation talent is very good. It’s not unscientific to

condense the mutation power into a mutation fruit.”

Shi Yu scratched his cheek. Mutated evolution fruit..

He felt that this thing should be quite precious.

After all, no matter what creature ate it, it could allow the other party to

undergo random mutation evolution like a gambler.

Of course, if the other party couldn’t adapt to the power of mutation, there was

probably a risk of the mutation failing and dying But in any case, it was also a

rare evolution resource

The money-making ability of the ginseng baby upgraded again with the

transcendent-level mutation.

Continue like this and create more mutated fruits.”

“We can’t use it all ourselves. It’s not bad to sell it.”

Shi Yu suggested.

Baby Ginseng’s expression was serious. Understood!

“How dare you! The gem cat glared.

Shi Yu and Baby Ginseng shuddered.

They almost forgot that this was the gem cat’s territory.

“Meow.” The gem cat licked its claws.

Just remember to give me half.”

It had eaten many delicious spiritual fruits that contained life force, but it had

really never tried spiritual fruits that contained death power.

It still believed in Baby Ginseng’s culinary skills.

It didn’t dare to drink the Undying Pond, but it wanted to try the spiritual fruit!

Yi-” Baby Ginseng covered its face.

It wasn’t that it didn’t want to give it to her.

Was it sure it won’t die immediately after eating it?

No matter how it thought about it, the Death Spirit Fruit was ike poison..

Only mutants dared to absorb it.

“It’s alright.” The gem cat yawned and said, “I have poisonous and death-type

moves. Don’t worry.”

“Poisonproof meow.”

As a mutated pet, the gem cat felt that Shi Yu and the others had

underestimated it.

Shi Yu and Baby Ginseng were speechless.

Strange cat!

“No..” Shi Yu was just about to say that there was no problem when the gem cat

suddenly exploded.

Its expression suddenly changed. It quickly looked around and sensed

countless huge auras approaching

“What’s wrong?” Shi Yu had yet to notice the change in the gem cat when he

suddenly asked with a serious expression.

“Impossible.

At this moment, the gem cat was silent.

It didn’t understand. “The Undying Pond has just opened. It’s impossible for it

to attract the attention of so many undead so quickly.”

“Now, there are a large number of undead. One… wo.. thre… four… Just the

monarch-level undead might not be less than ten. They are approaching here

quickly.” The gem cat looked at Shi Yu.

Holy shit, more than ten undead monarchs?

Shi Yu revealed a shocked expression. “Then isn’t he an expert soon in Spirit

Release?

Eleven, BugEy, Baby Ginseng, and Chi Tong were all shocked.

He was still thinking about Spirit Release? Damn, they have to run! There were

so many of them, even the gem cat might not necessarily be able to defeat

them

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .