Chapter 242 - White Brook And Lu Qingyi’S Transformation

Chapter 242: White Brook and Lu Qingyi’s Transformation

Translator:

Atlas Studios

Editor:

Atlas Studios

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

At the ruins of Emperor Wu.

‘Wei Lin Platform, one of the nine major training facilities.

Wei Lin Platform was an incomparably huge square arena. In the center of the arena was a tall and thick rock pillar.

At this moment, there was a sea of people near Wei Lin Platform.

They focused their attention on the middle-aged man standing in the arena.

At that moment, the huge rock pillar on the arena continued to emit invisible waves.

Under the cover of this transparent wave, the air on the entire arena kept buzzing and trembling.

This wave seemed to carry an indescribably huge pressure, making the middle-aged man in the arena go through unbearable pain. He was almost unable to breathe.

Moreover, from time to time, this wave would squeeze towards the middle-aged man’s body like an invisible tide and storm, like an invisible hand that wanted to crush his body.

Bang! Bang! Bang!

Under the intense collision sound, the brown scales covering this burly man’s body had already shattered like dry soil. A long lizard tail on his buttocks was even hanging listlessly on the ground.

At this moment, the burly man was half-squatting. He clenched his fists tightly, and the muscles on his body bulged. His expression was ferocious, and his eyes were filled with blood vessels. His body had already reached its limit.

“Pfft…”

Amoment later, he directly spat out a mouthful of blood and lay on the arena with his head raised in a daze. At the same time, the deterrence emitted by the rock pillar immediately disappeared.

“25.28 seconds.”

After the big man fell to the ground, on a high platform opposite the arena, two middle-aged men in white battle clothes sat and recorded.

At the same time, as the deterrence of the rock pillar disappeared, the Lizardman middle-aged man opened his eyes with difficulty, crawled up, and walked down the arena in a daze.

At the same time, he muttered, “It’s too difficult… too difficult.”

If he wasn’t wrong, he was only in the top 200.

“Number 86, Yuan Shuo.”

After the big man went down, the staff in charge of recording the results shouted the name of the next contestant who accepted the testing.

At this moment, Shi Yu and the others, who had just arrived, revealed surprised expressions.

Number 86?

“Alright, I told you this was fast. It probably won’t take half an hour to reach us,” White Brook said excitedly.

Their number 110 was very close to number 86. According to the calculations, it was less than a minute for each person.

“So what should we eat at noon?” Lu Qingyi said.

The registration and testing segment was faster than she imagined. It looked like she could still make it for lunch.

“T want to eat dragon liver and phoenix marrow. I haven’t eaten for a month. Yesterday, my mom actually didn’t prepare anything,” White Brook said greedily.

Shi Yu

He seemed to have heard something incredible.

The corners of Shi Yu’s mouth twitched. As the name suggested, the dragon liver and phoenix marrow were organs with some dragon and phoenix bloodline creatures. Of course, most of them were races with very weak bloodlines…

Ordinary people couldn’t digest the ones with purer bloodlines in the first place, but even if it was food with weak bloodlines, it was still very nourishing. The price would go up to millions every meal…

He couldn’t bear to use this to nourish his body. Looking at this beast-eared girl… she probably had to eat one or two times a month?

However.. it seemed to be normal. A Beast Tamer with a Fusion Talent like her had to train her body, meditate, and nurture pets. It was very difficult to distribute energy. Using top-notch food resources like the dragon liver and phoenix marrow to strengthen her body was the fastest way.

Although Shi Yu had trained his physique to the extreme at every level, Shi Yu estimated that the beast-eared girl was about the same. Even if she didn’t train to the extreme at every level, she wasn’t far off. After all, it was a paywall battle strategy, and there were also pets and talent enhancements.

“Alright, let’s go to the Dragon Phoenix Pavilion,” Lu Qingyi said with a nod.

Alright.” White Brook agreed.

Soon, the new Beast Tamer named Yuan Shuo accepted the test. He lasted for about 24 seconds before he couldn’t take it and retreated.

‘When Shi Yu saw this, he looked at the stone pillar wrapped in deterrence.

“Do you think this deterrence will only be as simple as transcendent?” he asked.

It continued to wrap around for 2000 years without dispersing, With a stable autonomous operation rule, no matter how one looked at it, it wasn’t as simple as transcendent.

“The proficiency is definitely above transcendent. As for whether it has reached a new domain, it’s no longer important. There are no clear divisions in history, which also means that that domain is not something that ordinary Beast Tamers can reach.” Lu Qingyi looked over.

‘Just like the Mythical stage, such a level doesn’t mean much even if it’s divided.”

White Brook said, ‘Don’t ignore the growth level. Emperor Wu’s pets are all at the totem level. Who knows what power he used to build this ruin?”

“But I’m quite curious how many seconds I can last now. The last competition I could do 28.59 seconds. This time, I can definitely last more than 30 seconds, but as for how close to 40 seconds… It’s hard to say.”

“As long as I can last more than 30 seconds, there’s a chance to directly enter the main competition, right?” Shi Yu said.

The training mechanism of the Wei Lin Platform was actually very simple.

The rock pillar in the arena was wrapped by deterrence above transcendent level. This deterrence had its own rules of operation. As long as a life form stepped onto the arena, the rock pillar would continue to release deterrence, and the deterrence power would increase over time.

Because it was a deterrence above transcendent proficiency, the deterrence here was substantialized. It could cause dual mental and physical damage. It tested the will of the Beast Tamer and the physique of the Beast Tamer.

Generally speaking, below ten seconds corresponded to awakened-level power, ten to twenty seconds corresponded to transcendent-level power, twenty to thirty seconds corresponded to commander-level power, and as for above thirty seconds, it corresponded to monarch-level power.

The longer the Beast Tamer lasted in the arena, the stronger he was. When the Beast Tamer reached the limit, if he couldn’t break through, the rock pillar would restrain its power very accurately and wouldn’t cause too much damage to the Beast Tamer.

Of course, Beast Tamers could also choose to use various abilities, including equipment to resist deterrence. It was not against the rules.

However, very few people were so brave in this segment. This was because the upper limit of the rock pillar’s deterrence was very high, and the equipment was not protected by the mechanism. In the end, the equipment would definitely be damaged, and basically no one would do that.

Moreover, if he relied on equipment to enter the main competition, he would become a clown if he didn’t have the strength. Beast Tamers who could afford equipment of that level were also famous figures. Naturally, they wouldn’t do this. After all, the rewards of the martial arts conference were only so-so.

Even if it was a champion reward, it might not necessarily be as expensive as high-level spiritual equipment.

Therefore, Shi Yu did not plan to use the Ice Dragon Blade that wrapped around the overlord-level Dragon Might this time. If the dragon might and rock pillar deterrence started a fight, he would be in the middle. It would be a battle between gods and he’d be destroyed.

If the Ice Dragon Blade was destroyed by the rock pillar, it would be even more unlucky.

“30 seconds, about the same,” White Brook replied.

Just as she finished speaking, a few voices suddenly came from outside the crowd.

“Where’s Miss White Brook?”

“Where’s Dr. Lu?”

“Where’s Boss Shi Yu?”

Obviously, the group of people in the registration hall followed. Seeing this, the expressions of Shi Yu and the other two in the crowd darkened.

At this moment, there were more tourists and contestants watching around the Wei Lin Platform than in the hall. They were naturally not unfamiliar with these three names. The outcome was that in a few seconds, Shi Yu, Lu Qingyi, and White Brook became the focus of attention again.

It wasn’t that there were no master-level Beast Tamers present, but that ordinary master-level contestants were nothing in front of the three of them.

“What’s this?”

In the chaos, at this moment, even the two martial artists who were in charge of recording the results revealed shocked expressions.

They quickly glanced at the updated name list sent by the hall.

109. White Brook…

Oh shit.

“Little White Brook is here. I didn’t see her two days ago. I thought she wouldn’t participate in the competition this year,” a recording warrior said.

“How is that possible? She broke through to master this year, so she definitely has to give it a try. Perhaps she’s aiming for first place. As Old Master Bai’s granddaughter, the pride of our Bai family definitely has to get first place in the conference.”

“However…”

Soon, they discovered something wrong.

Chapter 110: Lu Qingyi?

That Dr. Lu?

And 11, Shi Yu…

“Wait, Shi Yu, is that Shi Yu from Ancient Capital University?”

The two of them were both members of the Bai family, master-level Beast Tamers. This time, they were in charge of the competition. When they saw their kin, they were naturally very friendly. However, as they saw the two names behind White Brook, they were stunned.

They suddenly looked at Lu Qingyi and Shi Yu, who were surrounded in the crowd.

“It’s true.”

Amoment later, they couldn’t help but frown and shout from above, “Noise is prohibited here. Don’t disturb others!”

With the two of them shouting, it was finally a little quieter. At this moment, Shi Yu couldn’t help but sigh at how fame was such a good thing. Just by standing there, a bunch of beast-eared girls and beast-eared boys casually came to add him as a friend…

Of course, in order to maintain his image, Shi Yu didn’t dare to give his contact info to any of them. Otherwise, there would really be no end to it.

Time passed little by little.

Following the initial Lizard Man, more than ten people went up one after another. However, none of them were master-level Beast Tamers. They basically lasted for more than 20 seconds before stopping, Such competitors were only here to join in the fun. There was basically no chance for them to directly

advance to the main competition as seeded candidates.

The tourists weren’t satisfied with the short and powerless resistance process of these people. Of course, most of them didn’t want to see the results of the contestants. There was a group of old men who were purely waiting for the beast-eared girls to resist the deterrence and then sweat and tremble.

In the end, he saw it, but it was only ten or twenty seconds before she got off the stage again. It was too short, and they weren’t satisfied yet.

Until…

“Number 109, White Brook.”

After the last contestant came down, the two Bai family members on the high platform spoke with anticipation.

‘Then, it was White Brook’s turn.

White Brook was a master-level Beast Tamer, and her pet had also reached the monarch level. Her performance was definitely different from the previous contestants.

“It’s my turn.”

“Then I’ll go.”

In the crowd, White Brook, who was wearing a pair of black shorts and a white sports short-sleeved shirt, stretched. Then, she moved her body and said to Lu Qingyi and Shi Yu beside her.

“All the best.” Lu Qingyi smiled.

“Senior, you can do it,” Shi Yu also said.

White Brook chuckled. Under everyone’s gaze, she directly walked onto the arena.

After she boarded the arena, she didn’t stop walking. At the same time, she looked up at the rock pillar.

Soon, the rock pillar flickered and directly emitted a deterrence wave. A weak deterrence wave quickly rushed at the beast-eared girl!!

However, in the current level of deterrence, White Brook’s expression didn’t change at all. She didn’t even use the fusion state. She stood on the ground in her normal state and quietly looked at the rock pillar.

One second, two seconds, three seconds… Nine seconds, ten seconds, eleven seconds…

White Brook was enveloped by a transparent deterrence aura. Her breathing was still uniform as she stood in the arena without any reaction.

“Holy shit.”

At this moment, the tourists and contestants held their breaths.

In the blink of an eye, White Brook lasted for more than 20 seconds. At this time, she still maintained her normal state. Only her clothes and hair swayed slightly under the deterrence.

Seeing this, the contestants who had just left the stage couldn’t help but widen their eyes and watch everything.

“Damn.”

“She can last more than 20 seconds with just her body?”

“A humanoid ferocious beast with a physique comparable to a commander-level transcendent creature??”

“The two masters didn’t even do something like that this morning!”

Now, for White Brook to do this, it had already shown that even if she didn’t use her Beast Taming Talent and didn’t fuse with her pet, she could still fight a commander-level ferocious beast with her own fist. She was a proper humanoid ferocious beast and had already trained her physique to superman

level.

“As expected of Senior Bai,” Shi Yu said from below.

“Your physique shouldn’t be weaker than hers, right?” Lu Qingyi curled her lips. She could still understand White Brook, but Shi Yu was the freak. To be able to withstand the possession of a high-level overlord race’s transcendent sword spirit at the intermediate level, this physique was even more ridiculous.

‘It’s okay, it’s okay.” Shi Yu laughed. A moment later, 25 seconds had passed. In the arena, White Brook finally frowned slightly. She slowly raised her hand and didn’t see any signs of summoning, but in the next moment, under the lingering light, the characteristics of beastification appeared on her body.

Boom!!!

At the same time, an aura erupted from White Brook’s body, immediately crushing the deterrence released by the rock pillar. As the air rumbled, White Brook’s new image appeared in front of everyone.

At this moment, White Brook’s short black hair had completely tuned into flowing white hair. Her eyes had also tuned blue, and there were two more things that looked like fox ears.

Most importantly, at this moment, nine smooth and long white tails grew out from behind her. The dazzling nine tails looked noble and elegant, and there was a golden color at the end. After they all danced, they were even larger than White Brook herself, directly becoming the best background for her

figure.

Boom!

After transforming into a nine-tailed fox figure, White Brook was much more at ease.

“The Nine-tailed Light Fox.. She has fused with the Nine-tailed Light Fox.” At this moment, seeing White Brook’s change, someone couldn’t help but say excitedly.

Combined with the quasi overlord race’s Nine-tailed Light Fox, together with White Brook’s terrifying physique, it directly erupted with a powerful deterrence, easily facing the baptism of the rock pillar deterrence!

At that moment, Shi Yu looked at the 1,750,000 energy points that the beast-eared girl had erupted with and sighed. ‘Actually, I still think the White Tiger state is more handsome.”

“although that little white tiger is White Brook’s main pet, it currently has one less evolution level than Nine Tails. It might take a while to become her trump card again,” Lu Qingyi said with a smile.

After transforming into a nine-tailed fox, White Brook calmly faced the deterrence. In the blink of an eye, she resisted for 30 seconds. After 30 seconds, the rock pillar deterrence suddenly increased exponentially. A light screen lingered around White Brook’s body, and the deterrence continued to erupt.

Under the collision of the strength of the two parties, thunder seemed to sound in the air.

Boom! Boom! Boom!!

At this moment, every minute and second was incomparably long and shocking. However, the rock pillar was ultimately designed to test people. Its strength was endless and there was no upper limit. In the blink of an eye, White Brook’s expression became more and more solemn. However, she didn’t look as.

miserable as the previous contestant. With a crack, the light screen on White Brook’s body directly shattered. The deterrence she erupted with was also crushed by the deterrence of the rock pillar. She even grunted and took a step back, her brain rumbling!

Almost instantly, White Brook felt as if her body was about to fall apart. The bestialization characteristic also disappeared. However, her powerful willpower prevented her from falling under the deterrence. She only stood in the arena ina daze.

“About 34 seconds? Well, fine.” White Brook closed her eyes.

Buzz.

After determining that White Brook had lost the ability to resist, the deterrence of the rock pillar disappeared. A few seconds later, White Brook’s breathing gradually became uniform. She slowly opened her eyes and looked in the direction of the high platform.

“34.36 seconds, very impressive.”

“It’s the current third highest score.”

On the high platform, the two members in charge of recording the results smiled and spoke excitedly.

“34 seconds?!”

At this moment, when they heard this, everyone below the stage was also in a daze.

The difference in the level of a monarch was actually very large. A powerful monarch might have ten times the strength of a weak monarch. If it could last for 35 seconds, it could already be said to be a middle-level strength among monarchs. White Brook was only in her early twenties, but she already had

such strength. In the eyes of everyone, she was already very strong.

After all, it had only been a year since White Brook broke through to the master level. With her age, it was very normal for her pet cultivation speed to be inferior to those old masters.

“Not bad,” White Brook said softly in the arena. Then, she smiled and got off. At this moment, she was very weak. After coming down, under everyone’s admiring expressions, she returned to Lu Qingyi, Shi Yu, and the others. At this moment, Shi Yu had already handed the nutritional fruits he had prepared to

White Brook.

“There.”

“Thank you.” After taking Shi Yu’s supplements, White Brook didn’t try to be polite. Then, she ignored her image and started eating. A moment later, she directly revived with full health. Her face even had a little redness. It was obvious that she had overdone it.

White Brook subconsciously cried out.

Her face was red. “Just give me a low-level one next time…”

Shi Yu scratched his cheek. “I still have to specially create low-level ones. It’s troublesome..”

“Well.”

“It’s my turn next..” At this moment, Lu Qingyi was a little nervous.

It wasn’t that she was nervous about her results, but that if so many people saw her nervous possession state, she would die.

After all, she wasn’t as proficient as White Brook and Shi Yu.

“You can do it, Senior Lu!!!” White Brook said. “You clearly look better than me after transforming.”

“Compared to the hair quality of Nine Tails and White Tiger, although they’re both white, I prefer your kind!!”

[Nine-Tailed, White Tiger:??]

“So what exactly is it? You’ve been hiding it from me for the whole day.’ Shi Yu couldn’t help but say.

White hair too?

Shi Yu couldn’t think of what undead it was.

Could it be… a snow maiden?

Something was wrong. That was the unique undead of the seven islands. There were very few in Dong Huang, but it wasn’t impossible…

“Number 109, Lu Qingyi.” At this moment, a voice came from the high platform.

Shi Yu didn’t plan to ask anymore. He would see it later anyway.

After being called, Lu Qingyi took a deep breath, put away the glasses-shaped index, and placed it in the space. Then, she walked towards the arena step by step.

Today, Lu Qingyi was wearing a white shirt and still black shorts. Her long legs were wrapped in black silk. The process of her slowly walking onto the arena attracted more attention and anticipation than White Brook.

“Dr. Lu… Dr. Luisa telepathy talent, so she should have used a pet’s skill to strengthen herself.”

“Is it a strengthening skill or a possession skill??”

Everyone was very curious. Below, Shi Yu was also very curious.

Strengthening skills were actually like the hardening of iron-eating beasts.

The martial arts conference supported battle tactics like transcendent hardening and binding Beast Tamers. As long as the Iron-eating Beast didn’t fight personally, that was fine. However, this relationship was a little awkward in the martial arts conference. The Iron-eating Beast added a layer of hardening

to the Beast Tamer, and the Beast Tamer went to fight. The pet watched. The relationship between the Beast Tamer and the pet was a little reversed no matter how one looked at it.

“Let’s begin.”

Soon, Lu Qingyi boarded the arena. She also looked at the rock pillar. At the same time, like in the previous battle, the rock pillar started to release its deterrence from weak to strong again.

To everyone’s surprise, Lu Qingyi was the same as White Brook. She actually didn’t activate her ability from the start, but relied on her normal state to resist the deterrence.

One second… two seconds… ten seconds… nineteen seconds…

Everyone’s expressions gradually twitched. Twenty seconds later, not only did the passers-by widen their eyes, but even Shi Yu was slightly stunned. He didn’t expect Senior Lu who had a telepathy talent to train her physique to this extent.

As expected of a rich woman…

“Damm,” Shi Yu said.

“Senior Lu’s Beast Taming Space is already level six. It’s normal for her physique to be strong,” White Brook said.

About 25 seconds later, Lu Qingyi took a deep breath and finally closed her eyes slightly. She started to communicate with the Undead Possession.

In the next moment, a white light that was like a star surrounded her. Under the cover of the white light, her hair slowly turned silver from the color of tea…

“It can’t be the White Bone Spirit, right?” Shi Yu was suddenly shocked.

“What? No,” White Brook said angrily. ‘Unfortunately, it’s not Dong Huang’s unique undead.”

At this moment, Shi Yu continued to look. Following that, his expression became more and more shocked. Not only him, but all the Beast Tamers present revealed incredulous expressions. This was because the effect of Lu Qingyi’s transformation was too dazzling, The white starlight not only dyed her hair

silver-white, but also combined with the power of the wind element to condense a white robe behind Lu Qingyi. In an instant, under the flickering light, Lu Qingyi’s entire body emitted a noble, elegant aura, and her appearance became much more beautiful.

‘When the rich natural power of the wind element lingered, Lu Qingyi’s ears also became long and sharp ears. Shi Yu’s expression immediately became strange.

In the next moment, Lu Qingyi opened her eyes. Her light purple eyes that were filled with intelligence were staring at Shi Yu. Her gentle facial features were both mature and agile. Under the lingering breeze, her entire body emitted the charm of nature. She was extremely beautiful, like a goddess of nature.

She raised her hand gently and didn’t use deterrence at all. The wind pressure counterattacked and instantly swallowed the power emitted by the rock pillar, quietly resisting the rock pillar pressure.

“This is..” At this moment, everyone’s eyes widened when they saw Lu Qingyi become like a goddess, regardless of gender.

“So beautiful.”

“This is… possession?”

“But what creature is it?”

Countless people were stunned.

“Elf… Elf race???” At this moment, everyone was still in a daze. They were shocked by Lu Qingyi’s change in the arena and were in deep confusion. Shi Yu quickly judged Senior Lu’s characteristics and looked at White Brook in disbelief.

“How is it? Surprised?” White Brook smiled.

“Why is there an elven race in Dong Huang?” Shi Yu said. Elves actually had many concepts. In Dong Huang, elves sometimes referred to elemental elves, sometimes referred to some monsters, and sometimes used to describe the characteristics of some pets. However, the concept of the elven race was not in

Dong Huang. They were a group of human-type transcendent creatures, mainly located in the distant countries.

In Ting Xiang, there were many humanoid transcendent creatures, such as the elves, giants, and dwarfs. In theory, it was different from the transcendent system on Dong Huang’s side…

Moreover, the elves weren’t undead at all.

“This isn’t strange. When the dragons in the west were massacred by the legendary Dragon Hunters more than two thousand years ago, didn’t they also escape to various parts of the world? There was even a large group that came to Dong Huang to take refuge.”

“Who said the elves can’t cross the sea to come to Dong Huang?”

“You’re an archeologist. You should know better than me.”

Facing White Brook’s words, Shi Yu was speechless.

“Senior Lu told me that this elf also came to Dong Huang to take refuge. Then, for some reason, she turned into an undead and sealed herself. In short, Senior Lu discovered it in an archeological ruin.” White Brook looked straight at the beautiful Senior Lu, her saliva almost flowing out.

“Damn.” Shi Yu also looked over in envy. Damn it, the elves!!!

And it could do possession!

Little Chi Tong didn’t seem so good anymore.

[chi Tong:???]

Why wasnt he as lucky as Senior Lu to encounter a foreign species…

Eh, that’s not right either. The Ice Dragon Aunt seemed to have also taken refuge from abroad. Before that, there were no creatures like dragons on Dong Huang’s side at all. They were all pseudo dragons with dragon blood. As for the pure-blooded dragons, they were all like the owners of the worm’s dragon

ball.

“Let me see the energy value.”

Shi Yu couldn’t help but use the index to detect it again. Senior Lu’s current energy state immediately appeared in front of his eyes…

3.37 million!

After the sprite possessed her, the common energy of the two was as high as 3,3700,000 energy points, completely suffocating Shi Yu.

This energy value made him suspect that this sprite was also an overlord race.

If it wasn’t an overlord race, it was definitely because this sprite was at the age of an old granny. It had trained all kinds of racial skills to the maximum level and its strength had even been perfectly inherited by the undead state. Otherwise, no matter how one looked at it, this energy was very ridiculous.

“Damn, I can still fight with the power of the dragon whiskers when I encounter the beast -eared girl.. If I encounter Senior Lu, won’t I be smashed…”