Chapter 247 - Opportunity For Eleven And Two Evolution

Chapter 247: Opportunity for Eleven and Two Evolution

Translator:

Atlas Studios

Editor:

Atlas Studios

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Shi Yu, Eleven, Baby Ginseng, and Buggy looked at Zhong Xuan in silence.

Even now, they still didn’t know why this huge tortoise left them behind.

After a moment of silence, Shi Yu asked the question he was most concerned about.

“Senior Chong Xuan, do you know so much about iron-eating beasts because Senior Emperor Wu also contracted an iron-eating beast?”

If Shi Yu wasn’t wrong, that Iron-eating Beast must have beaten this huge turtle up. Otherwise, it was impossible for Zhong Xuan to have such a huge grudge against the Iron-eating Beast.

Next, Shi Yu originally thought that Zhong Xuan would show a very unhappy expression, but it didn’t expect that Zhong Xuan would make a reversal.

“Yeah, I raised that Iron-eating Beast.”

“Tm its teacher, so I naturally know it very well.”

Zhong Xuan said calmly.

At that time, Emperor Wu was already a legendary expert whose name shook the lands. The human race was the strongest, and they even carried the banner of expelling the totems and rebuilding the Dong Huang Dynasty.

Another hero of the human race appeared. Many people naturally responded in that chaotic world.

One of the responding factions obtained an important position by Emperor Wu because it discovered and cracked the Iron-eating Beast Ruins of the totem era and found the iron-eating beast’s overlord race evolution method.

They led the Iron-eating Beast army to join under Emperor Wu. Then, because Emperor Wu took a fancy to the Iron-eating Beast’s potential, he also chose to nurture one himself.

Initially, all the pets in the Emperor Wu team didn’t care about the new little Iron-eating Beast. But in the end, no one expected that this little Iron-eating Beast would show astonishing potential along the way and obtain the most love from Emperor Wu. It immediately became Emperor Wu’s strongest

pet, making the group of seniors extremely depressed.

Zhong Xuan was actually half a teacher of the Emperor Iron-eating Beast. He often used gravity to train the Iron-eating Beast, but in the end, the difference in strength between the two parties was so huge that it could only be suppressed by the Iron-eating Beast. How could Zhong Xuan not be

depressed?

What made it most depressed was that in the end, not only did it have to train Emperor Wu’s Iron-eating Beast, but it was also sent by Emperor Wu to build training ruins for the Iron-eating Beast army to train.

It was a tool turtle.

However, it definitely didn’t want to tell Shi Yu this.

It was enough for Shi Yu to know that it was the teacher of the Emperor’s Iron-eating Beast.

“Then you left me behind… Is there anything I can do?”

2

Shi Yu said carefully.

To hell with the royal bloodline or not. He only wanted to know when he could go out.

Now, he estimated that the people outside, such as Senior White Brook, would definitely explode.

“Why don’t you also be Eleven’s teacher?”

“After it becomes stronger, it will be filial to you.”

Shi Yu thought that he had to cozy up to this beast even if he didn’t go out.

If he could buddy up with Emperor Wu’s pet, he might be able to become the first bureau chief tomorrow.

At the same time, all the secrets of the Emperor Wu Dynasty would disappear.

“Oh???” Zhong Xuan was stunned.

But soon, it snorted.

“Forget about being a teacher, but I do plan to give you some ‘benefits’.”

“Oh, no, I plan to invest in you guys.”

Zhong Xuan opened his huge mouth and grinned. He looked at Shi Yu and the others with ill intentions.

“Benefits, investment??”

Shi Yu was stunned. Like hell he’d believe this guy.

It didn’t even tell him the method to awaken the Iron-eating Beast King bloodline. Would it give him other benefits?

“You guys have been looking for a way to let it carve that kind of inscription outside, right?”

Zhong Xuan lowered its head and looked at Shi Yu and Eleven.

“Lhave to say, your investigation direction is not wrong. However, your luck is a little bad.”

“Wh-what do you mean?”

Shi Yu looked up at Zhong Xuan.

“Good news and bad news.”

“The good news is that this is indeed a training ground built for the Iron-eating Beast Corps.”

“And I built it.”

“You’ve been trying carving inscriptions, but you can’t. It’s mainly because you didn’t eat the corresponding metal minerals!!”1

“Every inscription requires the consumption of the corresponding special metal mineral to allow the Iron-eating Beast to awaken new racial skills and complete the small stage of evolution.”

“Your judgment is right. These nine training facilities indeed have a reward mechanism. It was set up to choose the outstanding soldiers in the Iron-eating Beast Army. Back then, I stored nine special metal ores that could be used to inscribe inscriptions in the nine stone pillars. Moreover, they were all

top-notch evolution metals. As long as the Beast Tamers and Iron-eating Beasts in the Iron-eating Beast Army reach the trial standard I set, they will trigger the reward and obtain the opportunity to evolve and become stronger.”

Shi Yu and Eleven’s eyes lit up.

Buggy and Baby Ginseng were shocked.

Could it be.

Leader’s epic strengthening?

“The bad news is that the reward from the place where you topped the record has long been taken away by a general back then. It’s already empty inside. There’s nothing left. Are you surprised? Are you surprised?”

Zhong Xuan laughed.

“..” Their fists hardened. Shi Yu and Eleven’s fists hardened. If it weren’t for the fact that they couldn’t defeat it, they really wanted to give it a lesson.

“But you don’t have to be too sad.”

Zhong Xuan looked at Shi Yu and Eleven. Although it didn’t say it, it actually felt that Shi Yu and Eleven were quite ridiculous.

For example, although Shi Yu’s physical strength was inferior to Emperor Wu when he was at the same level, Shi Yu was definitely ranked second among the pure-blooded human Beast Tamers it had seen.

There was also that commander rank Iron-eating Beast. Its strength was even stronger than the emperor’s when it was at the commander rank.

This combination really shocked Zhong Xuan, as if it had seen a second Emperor Wu. Unfortunately, Shi Yu didn’t have the Fusion Talent.

However, Shi Yu, who was possessed by the sword spirit, wasn’t bad either. He couldn’t see through this sword spirit at the, but he only felt that the other party’s race level wasn’t inferior to his. From the looks of it, Shi Yu’s future achievements were definitely shocking. Perhaps he could approach

Emperor Wu.

“Although the special ore used to carve inscriptions at the Wei Lin Platform has been taken away, there are actually four other ores left in this ruin.”

“It corresponds to the super racial skills of the four types of metal, wood, metal, lightning, metal, and darkness. Among them, the first three types of metals can only allow it to evolve a little and increase its life level. However, the Golden Dark Ore can allow it to complete the strongest evolution after a

higher growth level and reach the quasi Mythical race level.”

1

“Do you want it?” Its red eyes stared at Shi Yu and the others.

“There’s no need to challenge the facility. I can directly take it out for you.”

Time seemed to have stopped. Shi Yu was silent for a moment before looking up and saying,

“There should be a price.”

Zhong Xuan said, “Of course, I can give you the right to choose. Whether you want it or not is up to you.”

“You saw my injuries, right?”

Shi Yu and the others nodded.

“at that time, we experienced a huge battle.”

“Emperor Wu you’re talking about, which is my Beast Tamer, and his group of battle beasts, all died in that battle. Only I used my racial talent to escape.”

“But even if I successfully escaped, I also suffered an incurable injury.”

Shi Yu’s expression gradually became serious.

So Emperor Wu really died in battle?

He and the few battle beasts had all died in battle, leaving only one Chong Xuan pet alive… 1

“Do you know who our enemy at that time, the enemy who posed the greatest threat to Dong Huang, was?”

It raised its head and asked.

Shi Yu shook his head. That history had been edited too severely. He couldn’t be sure at all.

“Ten thousand years ago, in the totem era, a meteorite fell from the sky and landed on the blue planet. A meteor the size of a city fell on the blue planet and evolved into a life form during the fall. After it evolved into a life form, its talent was terrifying. Soon, it had the strength of a totem level and slept in

the east.”

“ive thousand years ago, it woke up and turned into a Demon God. Its personality was extremely fierce and it began to devour creatures indiscriminately. It mainly relied on humans to evolve. The totem factions attacked one after another. At that time, its strength was outstanding even among the many

totems in the east. However, in the end, it was still jointly killed. But at its level, it was already very difficult to die. In less than three thousand years, it revived with the power of the meteorite again.”

“Two thousand years ago, it woke up again. At this moment, its strength had already reached an extremely exaggerated level. This time, it became even more intelligent. It no longer swallowed creatures indiscriminately and began to try to unify the totem power in the east.”

“I’s not too much to say that this fellow was the king of totems at that time, and its name was ‘Yun An’, known as Meteorite!”

“The injuries on Emperor Wu that even Mythical resources can’t heal, as well as my injuries that can’t be healed no matter what, originate from it. It has already stepped into the Mythical Domain and stands at the top of the totem. It can be said to be a demigod. In addition, its power comes from outer

space, so it’s extremely special. Being injured by it is a permanent injury. It can be said to be the most difficult existence.”

“Yun An? It wasn’t killed by Emperor Wu?”

Shi Yu had indeed heard the name of this totem, but according to historical records, wasn’t this totem that was a threat to the Imperial Court at that time already killed by Emperor Wu?

“At that time, Emperor Wu forced it back, but it couldn’t kill him. Yun An also knew that we weren’t to be trifled with, so he temporarily retreated and planned to use his long lifespan as a metal-element elemental body to kill Emperor Wu.”

“This is indeed a good method, so Emperor Wu chose to fight to the end. He knew that if he didn’t completely kill Yun An, the moment he grew old, the Dong Huang Dynasty he established again would instantly collapse.”

“Unfortunately, it seems that many people don’t understand his intention of successive battles and are only content with enjoying the current peace. Heh heh.” Zhong Xuan revealed a mocking expression, feeling indignant for Emperor Wu.

“After the final battle happened, both of us perished together. However, I know that Yun An’s death was only an illusion. It must have slept in a certain place and waited to be revived, just like five thousand years ago,” Zhong Xuan said affirmatively.

3

Shi Yu suddenly had a bad feeling.

“Senior Chong Xuan, you won’t say that if I accept these four special ores, I have to shoulder the great responsibility of suppressing and killing Yun An again, right…” He revealed a bitter expression.

3

The few legendary Beast Tamers of Dong Huang were all ridiculously strong. For example, the empress had contracted nine totem-level phoenixes. If Emperor Wu wanted to come, it wasn’t much different. He probably had many totem-level pets.

Even so, they were still taken down by Yun An. This fellow sounded very troublesome. His strength probably couldn’t even be compared to a top-notch totem like the Dark Phoenix.

The condition for advancing to a totem was for the transcendent racial skill to reach perfection. This was only an ordinary totem.

As for top-notch totems like the Undying Dark Phoenix, many super racial skills had reached perfection.

As for the demigod mentioned by Zhong Xuan… Shi Yu thought about the difference between transcendent proficiency and proficiency in Dao Proficiency and felt a headache.

He needed 64 instances of adding points to reach transcendent, but 256 to reach Dao Proficiency. The difference during this period was four times. In other words, the difference in strength between totems could be very large.

This Yun An was known as a half-god by Chong Xuan. Perhaps a super skill had reached the maximum level, or perhaps it was close to the maximum level.

“You’re wrong. It’s not that you need to fight Yun An to obtain these ores, but if you use these ores, you will definitely be targeted by Yun An.” Zhong Xuan revealed a strange smile and said.

“Yun An is a life form formed by a meteorite that contains metal matter. It’s a dark and metal-element half-god. The metal ore that the Iron-eating Beast needs to devour in the next stage of its great evolution is its body. Guess, after you use a portion of its body to complete the evolution, what will the

outcome be if it revives again?”

“You have to know that the Iron-eating Beast of Emperor Wu became incomparably powerful because it swallowed a large amount of the fragments of Yun An’s body. If you repeat the path of Emperor Wu, do you think Yun An will let himself be treated as food and the life of his enemy?”

“So, what I mean is that if you have the awareness of being targeted by a demigod standing at the top of the totems, then it’s fine for me to directly give you these metal ores.”

“If you have the ability in the future, you can help us take revenge. If you don’t have the ability and are eventually killed by Yun An, don’t blame me. After all, it’s your choice.”

As soon as Zhong Xuan finished speaking, the scene fell silent.

Eleven grabbed Shi Yu’s clothes tightly and was a little stunned.

Buggy, Chi Tong, and Baby Ginseng were all shocked.

Holy shit, the second stage evolution ingredient of the Iron-eating Beast, a special metal, was a part of Yun An’s body?

Damn, the dark totem that related the evolution of Eleven that the owl predicted was related to… Could it be Yun An?! In that case, Yun An really wasn’t dead??