Chapter 244 - Speculation Of The Crack Of The Rock Pillar

Chapter 244: Speculation of the Crack of the Rock Pillar

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator:

Atlas Studios

Editor:

Atlas Studios

The stone pillar cracked.

Although the surface area of the crack was not large, it was indeed cracked.

Cracks that looked like spiderwebs appeared dozens of meters tall in the rock pillar filled with historical traces.

Then, with a crack, the crack completely shattered. A large amount of rocks fell, and a huge hole appeared in the rock pillar as if a hole had appeared in its stomach.

Upon seeing this scene, Shi Yu, who was in the arena, was completely stunned.

He looked miserable with an innocent expression.

‘Eleven, this.. this shouldn’t be our fault, right??”

‘Chi Tong, say something!”

“Do you… know what’s going on?”

The crack of the rock pillar was too sudden, catching Shi Yu completely off guard.

Although Shi Yu had once chatted with a few ruins, such as Ping Cheng ruins and the Iron-eating Beast ruins, those were not accidents.

The historical spirit was not a life form. It was in a superimposed state of existence and nonexistence. Its state was very unstable. When someone listened to it, if the thing that carried it was very weak, it was very common for the carrier to crack because of the changes in the historical spirit.

Shi Yu had heard from Senior Lu that the members of Bureau 11 had the experience of looking at the cracked ruins. Although it wasnt often, it happened.

If it were because he had heard the history spirit causing the rock pillar to crack, Shi Yu would definitely not be so stunned.

Although that would damage Emperor Wu Ruins, it also meant that he could immediately review some of the history locked in Emperor Wu Ruins.

This would be a major archeological discovery.

Until now, although the Dong Huang Association had figured out how to enter and exit Emperor Wu Ruins, figured out the use of the nine training facilities inside, and knew that it might be a training ground built by Emperor Wu for his subordinates… No one knew which army it was built for, what its

purpose was, etc.

This information might not be important, but it might be. Perhaps the true historical value of the ruins was not as simple as the nine training facilities that people currently saw.

Therefore, if it was because he had listened to the ruins that had cracked in secret history, Shi Yu would still be at ease. However, the problem was that he didn’t feel anything and was just accepting the test… In the end, the rock pillar cracked.

‘What was this surprise?

Eleven: (Wu wu wu wu]

Chi Tong: [Jil

The two of them also expressed their innocence.

At this moment, the withered Eleven was like a deflated ball that kept shrinking. Shi Yu didn’t remove his possession state. If he dared to do so at this moment, the damage caused by the release of the Interlocking Sword Pressure could instantly make him fall.

At this moment, Shi Yu, who had been possessed by the Phoenix Spirit, was relying on Little Chi Tong’s proficient level Spirit Release’s Flame of Regeneration to quickly recover his physical fitness and injuries. This was the greatest confidence Shi Yu had now that he dared to use the power of a monarch at

the commander rank without fear of backlash.

As long as he healed enough, he wasn’t afraid of getting injured.

“Well.”

At this moment, a portion of the rock pillar cracked, but there was no subsequent reaction. After a moment of silence, Shi Yu looked at everyone.

Everyone was speechless…

Shi Yu:”..”

He looked at the two masters who were known to be strong.

“This rock pillar… seems to have been around for too long. It’s getting very old.”

Shi Yu said shyly.

Even the facilities built by legendary Beast Tamers were 2000 years old. It was normal for them to be a little damaged.

The two of them were speechless.

They looked very devastated.

‘What were these words! Their eyes widened even more than the iron-eating beast’s dark circles. Their mucus flowed out unstoppably, and their bodies trembled.

They didn’t know if the rock pillar had aged or not. They only knew that they definitely couldn’t avoid being criticized.

What a tough life.

What happened!!

“From the looks of it, he didn’t seem to have heard the Voice of History. In that state, he doesn’t have the energy to communicate with the rock pillar. The rock pillar is cracked, most likely for other reasons.”

Lu Qingyi showed an interesting expression.

As expected of this guy, just causing things to happen.

“Senior, stop being sarcastic. What should we do? What should we do? My second grandfather will probably charge in later.”

“feel that Shi Yu is right. We probably caught up to the aging of the rock pillar. We can’t take the blame for this.”

At this moment, White Brook hugged her head, her face filled with despair.

At this moment, in the silent scene, the two masters in charge of presiding over the strength verification reacted and suddenly stood up.

‘Certification stop, seal the entire venue. Everyone, stay where you are!”

‘Wu Ling City.

In the Bai family.

Ina garden-style courtyard.

A thin old man with a gray goatee was sitting leisurely on a wooden chair and sunbathing.

A thin old man with a gray goatee was sitting leisurely on a wooden chair and sunbathing.

“Dad, bad news. Something happened at the Emperor Wu Ruins. A portion of the rock pillar at the Linwei Stage cracked, and a huge hole appeared in the middle.”

Bang.

The former legendary Beast Tamer, Old Master Bai, who had already retired and was enjoying his later years, suddenly charged backward…

“What did you say???”

Ancient Capital.

Principal Feng also received a call.

“Grandpa Feng, it’s me.”

Hearing White Brook’s timid voice, Principal Feng smiled.

“Xiaoxi, what’s the matter?”

“Grandpa Feng, there’s something I want to tell you. Don’t be excited when you hear it.”

“Damn, what can I be excited about?” Principal Feng had actually already guessed what White Brook wanted to say.

White Brook said, “Me, Senior Lu, Shi Yu, we came to Wuling City to participate in the martial arts conference.”

Principal Feng showed an unsurprised expression and said, “I knew you guys wouldn’t be able to stay. Just go, go. Come back earlier.”

Sigh, with Lu Qingyi watching, he was still more at ease.

“But the problem is… something happened.”

“When Shi Yu resisted the rock pillar pressure of the Wei Lin Platform… the rock pillar cracked… A huge hole was made.”

Principal Feng: “?”

Principal Feng: “?”

“What did you say???”

Ina room in the Beast Tamer Association in Wu Ling City, Shi Yu, Lu Qingyi, White Brook, and the two Master Bai who were present at that time sat obediently in their seats.

On the other side was an old man and a middle-aged man in a formal suit.

One of the two was White Brook’s second grandfather, the legendary Beast Tamer Bai Ming. The other was White Brook’s uncle, the president of the Beast Tamer Association in Wu Ling City.

The few of them had already exchanged greetings and had already gotten to the point.

This incident could be said to be serious or not serious. After all, there was no direct evidence that the shattering of the rock pillar was related to Shi Yu. Moreover, even if it was related, it was a small matter. After all, the ownership of Emperor Wu Ruins was frankly still national, and Shi Yu was a member of

Bureau 11 and 3. Even if the entire Emperor Wu Ruins collapsed, Shi Yu would be fine. However, the most important thing now was to find the reason for the shattering of the rock pillar.

‘Ive already verified it just now. The Wei Lin Platform seems to be stuck. It lost the ability to release deterrence. The deterrence wrapped around it shouldn’t have dissipated yet. However, due to a certain program error, it doesn’t follow the rules anymore,” Master Bai Feng, who was in charge of recording the

time results, said with a miserable expression.

“However, the other facilities aren’t affected.”

Was this result good or bad…

“Qingyi, and Shi Yu. Is it really not because of your abilities?” Old Master Bai Ming had a bitter expression. The ruins had shattered. He suspected that this group of archeologists had caused this.

After discovering Emperor Wu Ruins, the Bai family had protected Emperor Wu Ruins for so many years. Wu Ling City relied on Emperor Wu Ruins to become a super big city ranked in the top 15 in the country. The Beast Tamer Troops in the city were only inferior to the nine first-level cities because of

Emperor Wu Ruins. Over the years, Emperor Wu Ruins had always been stable. Why was something broken this time?

Although only one training facility was destroyed, Bai Ming still felt the pinch. After all, the Linwei Stage was the best among the nine training facilities. Beast Tamers of any level could use it.

“Grandpa Bai, don’t worry. Perhaps it’s really because the rock pillar has aged. It’s a coincidence.” Lu Qingyi smiled bitterly. “After all, it’s almost 2000.”

White Brook nodded crazily.

This was the most perfect explanation.

However.

At this moment, Shi Yu, who was leaning on the sofa, had been in deep thought the entire time.

“Of course, it can’t be ruled out that it’s really related to me,” he said.

“But, it’s definitely for other reasons. I suddenly had a guess just now.”

Shi Yu’s words attracted the attention of everyone present.

Lu Qingyi and White Brook couldn’t help but be stunned when they saw Shi Yu taking the initiative to take the blame for them.

At this moment, Shi Yu said, “I once cracked a ruin in the ancient capital, the Iron-eating Beast Ruins.”

“The history of the construction of that ruin should be about 4,500 years ago now. It was built in the totem era, but there are a large number of human traces inside, including some antiques. Those are from 2000 years ago. It happens to correspond to the era of Emperor Wu, so this ruin should have been

developed once during the Emperor Wu Dynasty.”

“At that time, I saw the shadow of history in the ruins. A group of people cultivated the Nine Li Battle Beast Corps in batches. It was at that time that I discovered the iron-eating beast evolution method. Now, what I can’t determine is whether the shadow of history at that time recorded the scene of the totem

era or the era of Emperor Wu Dynasty.”

“If we use the hypothetical method.. If the scene recorded at that time was the time of Emperor Wu, then at that time, the faction that could have such a powerful battle beast army was probably the second generation of the Dong Huang Dynasty, the army under Emperor Wu.”

“In the historical scene, I clearly saw the potential of the Iron-eating Beast. Such a pet might even have been contracted by Emperor Wu. After all, there’s not much information about him passed down. The pets that can be confirmed to be his, like “Zhong Xuan’, are few.”

“In short, in order to investigate if it’s possible for Emperor Wu to contract an Iron-eating Beast and if the Wu Emperor Dynasty has an Iron-eating Beast Corps, I came to participate in the martial arts conference. I plan to mainly investigate the ruins of Emperor Wu.”

‘Just now, I made a hypothesis. If this Emperor Wu Ruins is a training ground built by Emperor Wu for a certain army under his command, and this army happens to be the Iron-eating Beast Army. Could the appearance of me and the Iron-eating Beast have activated some mechanism?”

“The nine major training facilities don’t seem to be purely training facilities, though they also have the nature of training facilities. They might also be built to choose elite soldiers. If a certain soldier’s performance on the Wei Lin Platform is outstanding and obtains the recognition of the training facilities,

theoretically speaking, the ruins can also trigger the reward mechanism.”

“Could it be that the ruins mistakenly treated Eleven and me as soldiers who contracted an Iron-eating Beast in the Iron-eating Beast Corps and coincidentally triggered the reaction of the ruins? Although… there doesn’t seem to be any rewards, it’s also possible that the ruins have been put on hold for too

long.”

Shi Yu analyzed and summarized the incident. This deduction stunned Lu Qingyi, White Brook, and Legend Bai.

“And maybe this nine-pillar reward represents the nine inscriptions?” Shi Yu looked at Lu Qingyi. He realized that he was obsessed over the number 9, attaching it to everything.

However, this explanation made Lu Qingyi and White Brook, who knew the nine inscriptions, feel that it didn’t seem to be unreasonable.

Under the premise that the trial facilities established in the ruins had a reward mechanism, if a soldier performed well, would it trigger the changes in the ruins and give rewards?

In theory, this was completely possible.

And Legend Bai also knew the situation at that time.

As a high-level Beast Tamer, Shi Yu displayed strength that exceeded ordinary monarch-level pets. He lasted for more than 33 seconds. Although this battle result had never appeared, it was definitely very terrifying.

In such a situation, even without the Iron-eating Beast factor, it was possible for Shi Yu to be recognized as an outstanding challenger by the trial facilities.

Everyone’s expressions changed slightly. So Shi Yu’s guess was reliable?

“So I feel that I might have to study the rock pillar of the Wei Lin Platform,” Shi Yu said.

He didn’t push the blame. It was mainly because his own deduction had convinced him that this rock pillar had a lot of research value. What if he discovered a way to carve an inscription nearby? Although there was no reward for the rock pillar, maybe the reward was that one could carve an inscription

nearby. In short, he urgently wanted to try it now.

“This.” Legend Bai was stunned.

At the mention of archeology, Lu Qingyi’’s eyes gradually lit up.

“feel that we can give it a try. After all, according to what you said previously, the Nine Li Battle Beast with the inscription might be an overlord race. If we can discover something here, the historical value of Emperor Wu Ruins will be truly excavated.”

“Right?” After obtaining Senior Lu’s recognition, Shi Yu’s motivation immediately came out.

The two of them were enthusiastic. Legend Bai was stunned. They still wanted to continue researching? Was it really fine? The martial arts conference had to continue. If any more problems appeared, the economic loss of Wu Ling City would be huge.

At the same time, not long after the stone pillar shattered…

In the space of the Emperor Wu Ruins, within a deep space, a huge monster that no one had discovered slowly opened its eyes and woke up from its sleep.

It was a hundred meters tall and had a brown tortoise-shaped body. Its shell was like dry cracked ground, filled with injuries.

If someone familiar with the history of the Imperial Court of Emperor Wus saw it, they would definitely be able to tell that this was one of the few pets recorded by Emperor Wus.. It was a quasi-mythical race, “Zhong Xuan’ with the bloodline of a divine turtle!