Chapter 249 - Locked In The Black Room

Chapter 249: Locked in the Black Room

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator:

Atlas Studios

Editor:

Atlas Studios

“Coach, I want to learn this!!!”

Every time it recovered from near death, it could increase his physique more efficiently?

Wasn’t this made for Eleven!

It really dared to risk its life in daily training!

At this moment, Shi Yu really began to believe that Eleven had the Panda King bloodline.

Normal Iron-eating Beasts had this will?

Perhaps Eleven couldn’t be so ferocious. Apart from its experience, the weak Panda King bloodline had also affected it.

It was indeed not unreasonable for it to be able to gain something from the Evolution Holy Spring.

“Coach? Forget it, I’ll think about it.”

Zhong Xuan muttered. Why did it awaken its royal bloodline?

This awakening method was developed by the tribe that led the Iron-eating Beast Corps.

Although it had also understood it, it really couldn’t remember it clearly. It had to try remembering.

“Let me think…”

Five minutes passed.

Zhong Xuan was still thinking.

‘Asa result, the Panda King Eleven couldn’t help but experiment.

Amoment later, ten silly little Iron-eating Beasts were created. At the same time, Eleven looked weak.

“Wuu!” “Wuu!” “Wuu!”

The ten little Iron-eating Beasts looked at Eleven and chirped in the sky. Eleven was silent.

“Wuul”” It glared at the Little Iron-eating Beast Corps.

Why did it feel that this skill wasn’t that strong?

Every little Iron-eating Beast was in the form of an ordinary Iron-eating Beast.

Moreover, it had only inherited Eleven’s racial skills below super level.

For example, Hardening, Giant Transformation, Electric Magnetic Floating, Energy Storage Lightning, Impregnable

High-speed healing, super vision, and thunder palm were all not inherited.

Moreover, the proficiency of the racial skills he inherited was only at the expert level.

The only thing that comforted Eleven was that the energy value of each little Iron-eating Beast was ridiculously high, reaching more than 40,000.

Each one was comparable to a monarch race or commander rank ferocious beast.

Ten together was equivalent to a monarch species commander rank battle beast team.

However, condensing them directly consumed Eleven’s physical fitness.

Eleven’s hundreds of thousands of energy points were instantly emptied.

Although the total value of these ten little Iron-eating Beasts had always reached more than 400,000, more than Eleven, it was very useless.

1

Eleven felt that if they attacked together, they might not necessarily have more battle power than him fighting personally.

With this energy consumption, wouldn’t its 100-meter Thunder Palm be much more god-killing?

Then, Eleven began to extract the energy in the source of its physical strength and gradually recovered from its weakened state. It became energetic again.

“Wu wu wu.”

Eleven looked at Shi Yu. What a super skill. It felt that it wasn’t as powerful as other super skills.

“How is it useless? It’s strong enough to explode, alright?” Shi Yu said after a moment of silence.

This was the entry-level bean army.

This might be Eleven’s strongest super skill.

Since it was said to be an army, when the skill proficiency was high in the future, it would definitely be able to condense more, such as a hundred, a thousand, ten thousand.

Moreover, the ability inheritance would increase with the proficiency of condensing beans into soldiers.

If one day, they could unlock the inheritance of the Nine Li form and the super racial skill, every soldier individual would have the accompanying move of storage lightning, Inner Power, and Lightning Rod. This was an invincible Thunderstorm Army.

‘Their own energy points could be ignored. They just had to rely on the power of the heavenly lightning!

‘With the endless lightning energy and the giant transformation, it was simply a monster army.

Moreover, if they could inherit higher skill proficiency in the future, the strength of each army individual was even more terrifying.

It was even to the extent that if one day, the bean army could unlock the teaching skills outside their race, that would be even more invincible.

Shi Yu could replicate a bunch of similar impregnable army resonance skills for Eleven to learn.

At that time, low-level skills could also display the effect of super-level skills!

One man became an army!!

Perhaps from the looks of it, this move was useless for Eleven and couldn’t be helpful in battle. However, after its proficiency increased and it unlocked a higher inheritance, it would be so good to directly have an army pressing down on the enemy.

Although Eleven didn’t react, Shi Yu instantly understood the strategic value of bean soldiers. No wonder Emperor Wu wanted to nurture the Iron-eating Beast Corps. This was simply promising in the future.

“Wuu?”

Eleven pondered. Really?

“Fortunately, my memory is good. I remembered it!”

At this moment, Zhong Xuan suddenly said.

It sighed. “By the way, you should know the method to quickly increase the hardening level, right?”

He thought for five minutes before realizing… It couldn’t be said that his memory was good

Shi Yu and the others looked at Chong Xuan.

“It’s relying on high-level hardening to nurture low-level hardening, right?”

“That’s right!”

Zhong Xuan nodded and said, “This is actually the easiest place for the iron-eating beast army to take shape.”

“Actually, the method to awaken a royal bloodline is similar. It also depends on nurturing.”

“Huh??”

Shi Yu was stunned. “Iron-eating beasts that rely on other royal bloodlines??”

“No, it’s to nurture and nourish the Iron-eating Beast’s bloodline through Beast Tamers. However, the method is relatively special, and specific nourishing skills are needed.”

“Then… Then can I learn it?” Shi Yu suddenly had a bad feeling.

“You? You definitely can’t. Only Beast Tamers with the metal-element strengthening talent can nourish the Iron-eating Beast’s bloodline through their talent. It’s considered a special cultivation technique that belongs to metal-element Beast Tamers against metal-element creatures. Heh, it was

developed by the first general under Emperor Wu at that time.”

Shi Yu’s expression immediately collapsed. Holy shit, heartless.

It meant that it was a special meditation technique similar to the one created by Emperor Shi, a special use of the Beast Taming Talent?

“Then can I look for other metal-element Beast Tamers to help?” Shi Yu asked again.

“This can be done. At that time, in the iron-eating beast army, there were specialized metal-element Feeders in charge of nurturing the iron-eating beasts,” Zhong Xuan said.

“However, this is a slow job. Although the level requirement for Beast Tamers isn’t high, the time cost is very high.”

Upon hearing Zhong Xuan’s words, Shi Yu heaved a sigh of relief.

That was good. He was really afraid that it had to be the beast tamer himself. If he could find someone to help, he could directly find Senior Panda. Their family had metal-element talent.

It just so happened that Eleven still needed to help Senior Panda’s Iron-eating Beast increase its hardening level. It was completely fine to squeeze Senior Panda dry. After all, Eleven was raised by Senior Panda since young.1

Suddenly, Shi Yu felt that something was wrong.

‘The number one general under Emperor Wu should be the expert of the Iron-eating Beast Tribe, or the Beast Tamer who had contracted the Iron-eating Beast.

From the looks of it, the information on this titled legendary warrior was not passed down either.

Could it be that the iron-eating beasts were too strong at that time? After Emperor Wu Dynasty was destroyed, the totems almost wiped out the iron-eating beasts?

In order to prevent the appearance of a powerful Iron-eating Beast, they directly combined powers with the traitor of the human race and rewrote the history of that time, deleting a large amount of information about the Iron-eating Beast.

This also explained why there weren’t many iron-eating beasts in the modem era, and the racial heritage was almost severed.

“Speaking of which, my Iron-eating Beast has a royal bloodline. Does this mean that its ancestor has a very powerful Iron-eating Beast?” Shi Yu suddenly asked.

1

Zhong Xuan nodded.

“Not bad.”

“So, how did you guys meet?”

Eleven scratched its head and looked at Shi Yu.

Shi Yu said, “I bought it with a loan from the Feeding Base… I’m wondering if the owner of that Feeding Base is the descendant of the Feeders who specialize in nurturing iron-eating beasts for Emperor Wu…”

Senior Panda’s family seemed to have started to nurture iron-eating beasts since their ancestors. The ancestor’s teaching was to definitely pass down the iron-eating beasts. Only then did Senior Panda’s family’s obsession with iron-eating beasts become stronger.

If the Iron-eating Beast race really suffered a fatal blow after the destruction of Emperor Wu Dynasty, then a small group of people might completely bring part of the Iron-eating Beast bloodline to live in seclusion and pass down their ancestral teachings.

After a long development and the changes of several dynasties, it was not impossible to become the current Lin family of Ping Cheng.

Zhong Xuan fell into deep thought. Shi Yu’s words seemed to have triggered some of its memories, recalling the scene of it nurturing the Iron-eating Beast Corps with a group of feeders.

It sighed. Those people had definitely passed away, but their descendants might have really survived.

“It’s not impossible. If I could see them, I might be able to sense if they were the descendants of that group of acquaintances.” Zhong Xuan shook his head.

“Sure, T’l bring Senior Chong Xuan to take a look when I’m free!” Shi Yu’s eyes lit up and he started playing the emotional card.

If Senior Panda and her family were really the descendants of this friend of Zhong Xuan’s, wouldn’t their relationship be even more perfect?

After bringing Big Boss Zhong Xuan to Ping Cheng, with its rich experience in nurturing Iron-eating Beasts, the Iron-eating Beast Cultivation Base would take off directly.

At that time, the Iron-eating Beast Feeding Base in Ping Cheng would nurture Iron-eating Beasts, the Battle Emperor Ruins would train Iron-eating Beasts, and in addition, the evolution channel of the overlord race would be discovered. This wave was to recreate the strongest army in history.

Although there was not much information passed down from Emperor Wu, Emperor Wu’s army was the strongest apart from the modern mechanical army. This was recognized by archeologists.

“Not interested.”

Zhong Xuan snorted. Most importantly, it couldn’t go out in its current state. It said, “Alright, I’m starting to talk about the method to nurture the iron-eating beast bloodline. This method is also useful for other metal-element pets. It can purify their bloodlines. Remember this well.”

“Yes!!”

Shi Yu hurriedly dealt with the business.

Half an hour later, after cursing and lecturing, Zhong Xuan finally taught Shi Yu, that idiot, to understand.

Apart from that, he also told Shi Yu the information about the other five rare metals. These were all very rare level-eight resources.

Shi Yu leamed so slowly purely because Shi Yu didn’t have any metal-element talent. He couldn’t practice while learning. He could only remember the details of all the theories in the index. Only then could he teach it to Senior Panda.

After everything was completed, Shi Yu put away the fragments of Yun An.

Shi Yu planned to wait until Eleven reached the overlord level before devouring this evolution. Since even Zhong Xuan said that there was a risk for Eleven to devour this at the moment, he would do it steadily. Or, he would let Eleven learn a dual-element ordinary skill of the metal and dark elements in

advance to lay the foundation.

Wasn’t this what the skill index was for?

“yi.” Zhong Xuan finished speaking tiredly. Baby Ginseng helped. It had been condensing nutritional fruits with earth-element energy and rich life energy at the side. When Zhong Xuan glanced over, it saw Baby Ginseng handing it over with eyes filled with stars.

It meant to give it to Senior.

“yi! (This, delicious, it can also heal injuries!)”

“on”

Chong Xuan looked at the ginseng baby. Compared to the Butterfly of Imagination, Chi Tong, and Eleven, this ginseng baby previously didn’t have much of a presence in its eyes, but now, it realized that the ginseng baby was still pretty obedient.

“Then let’s try it.”

Zhong Xuan had indeed not eaten for a long time. It opened its mouth slightly, and the pile of nutrients that Baby Ginseng had desperately condensed was directly sucked up by the gravity in its mouth.

This was the super skill Gravity Control above transcendent proficiency. It could control the strength and direction of gravity at will, including gravity, horizontal gravity, gravity-free, anti-gravity, pressure, pull, repulsive force, gravity

Back then, Zhong Xuan relied on this move to pull down many meteors from the sky for the Iron-eating Beast Army.

Click.

Compared to the volume of Zhong Xuan, the nutritional fruit of the ginseng baby was too small, and the nutritional content it contained was too little. After Zhong Xuan finished eating, it shook its head in disinterest and recalled the nutritional supplements of a certain teammate. That was the delicious

one.

“The quality is not bad, but your strength is too weak, and the level of the food is not enough. It needs to be improved, right?” After Zhong Xuan smacked his lips, he said indifferently, “But for your strength, it’s already not bad. I can tell that you will definitely be amazing in the future.”

As soon as it finished speaking, Baby Ginseng’s expression froze instantly, and it revealed a crying expression.

wyill!”

It looked at Zhong Xuan’s indifferent expression and its unresponsive injuries and couldn’t help but feel defeated.

“Senior Chong Xuan.

Seeing that Baby Ginseng had failed, Shi Yu went on stage again and tried his turn. Shi Yu looked at Zhong Xuan’s injuries and said, “Is Yun An’s injuries really incurable? Why don’t you come with me to take a look later? There are many medical methods now.

Zhong Xuan yawned and said, “It’s too late, or else why do you think Yun An can fight us evenly? It’s because of this incurable injury. At that time, it was only a light injury. We couldn’t even treat it with transcendent-level healing skills that had reached transcendent. We couldn’t even treat it with divine

medicine. Now, my injuries are already beyond cure. My injuries have already worsened to every corner of my body, and my life has been corroded. Even if Ican treat it, my lifespan has already been corroded to the last point. The meaning of treatment is not big anymore.”

“In short, I don’t have many days left to live.”

“Just remember this is the most troublesome ability of Yun An. Don’t worry about me. I’ve already lived enough. Back then, they shouldn’t have sent me out in the end. It would be so much easier for everyone to die together. Damn it, if there’s a world of the dead, I’ll definitely scold them.”

Shi Yu, Eleven, Baby Ginseng, and the others instantly fell silent.

Chong Xuan was about to die?!

“Senior Chong Xuan…”

‘Whether they liked it or not… This big turtle had given them so many things after all. Although its personality was a little harsh, Shi Yu and the others really didn’t want to see Chong Xuan die like this.

“Is what you said… true?”

“Why would I lie to you”

“The premise is to stay obediently without making any big moves. If there’s a battle, I might immediately die,” Zhong Xuan said unhappily.

“Ican’t be bothered to talk to you anymore. I’ve already explained everything. If you didn’t wake me up, I might have been able to live in a deep sleep for decades. In short, I’m going to sleep now. Don’t disturb me anymore. If you wake me up again, I really should die.”

“Wait…” Shi Yu still had too much to ask, but after hearing what Zhong Xuan said, he was really embarrassed to disturb it.

“Is there really no other way to extend your life?”

“Don’t panic, woman. Who said I would definitely die?” Zhong Xuan said.

1

Shi Yu and the others:

Holy shit, you said it yourself.

“The continuation of the bloodline means that I’m immortal. Next, I’ll use my racial talent to reincarnate. A few hundred years later, I might have obtained a new life in the form of an egg. This is the only method that I’ve found to resist the injuries of Yun An after researching for thousands of years in the

dream.”

“Twonder if I can awaken the memories of this life. I wonder if it’s considered giving birth or if it’s just rebirth. This is the most difficult thing.”

Zhong Xuan fell into deep thought. But no matter what, it was better than having its bloodline severed.

“Forget it. In short, when my next life is born, you’ll probably be buried already. How miserable. This is the only disadvantage for you humans. Your lives are short.”

Shi Yu :”…”

Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, and the other pets looked at Shi Yu eagerly. It could still reincarnate

The higher the species level, the harder it was to reproduce. Was the way to reproduce for Zhong Xuan simply rebuilding itself?

“Then…”

“What else is it? Yun An’s location? How would I know!”

“No,” Shi Yu said.

“In that case, leave quickly. Oh, wait, you still can’t leave.”

Shi Yu:

“Wh-what do you mean?”

“Because I’m the owner of this ruins space. Under the influence of my state, this ruin is very unstable now. Even if there’s a way to treat me outside, I won’t go out now. The problem now is that my condition is getting worse and worse. You don’t seem to be able to go out either. The ruins space has lost its

connection to the outside world.”

“ah???” Shi Yu and the others were stunned.

Damn, damn, damn, stop scaring him!

“Don’t panic. After I die, the space of the ruins should stabilize. At that time, you can enter and leave through the old method. Well… you can use this ruin as you wish. Those damaged facilities will recover by themselves over time. Don’t worry about that. I’m not sure how long it will take. In short, I think

you humans still have a lot of storage places in the ruins. It’s enough for you to eat.”

Zhong Xuan said indifferently, but it made Shi Yu and the others have a bitter expression.

The ruins of Emperor Wu had been developed by humans before. It was indeed correct to have a large resource warehouse to store food resources. Even if there weren’t any here, Shi Yu had his own ruins space. However, when he thought about how long he would be locked here for, his stomach hurt.

“There’s no way to contact the outside world…”

“Of course not. Let’s wait. Don’t worry, it won’t be long.”

“There’s nothing else this time, right?” Shi Yu could tell that Zhong Xuan’s tone was starting to get impatient.

Just as Shi Yu was about to make his final request and shake hands before leaving, Shi Yu and the others flashed with white light and were teleported back to the martial arts conference venue of the ruins of Emperor Wu.

At this moment, standing in the deserted ruins of Emperor Wu, Shi Yu, Eleven, Buggy, and Baby Ginseng looked at everything in confusion.

They were the only ones who couldn’t leave the empty ruins. No one else could enter either.

The only person who could chat was Zhong Xuan. He had already fallen asleep in the deep exclusive space of the ruins and was not far from death. It started to try to restore itself by using its next life. This… What was going on?

“Baby Ginseng, you’re so annoying. You actually can’t treat Senior Zhong Xuan.”

Baby Ginseng:

An injury that even a level-ten resource divine medicine couldn’t treat, wasn’t this making things difficult for it?

“Yi…” Baby Ginseng quickly discovered the blind spot. From the looks of it, Yun An was so scary. Was Eleven really going to fight it?

Shi Yu was silent. Whether that day came or not, he had to think of a way to develop the strongest healing ability on Baby Ginseng.

Otherwise, if he encountered similar enemies in the future, he would be the one suffering.

“Sob.” Eleven pondered for a moment and expressed that it was not a big problem.

It suddenly felt that Bean Bears were not bad either.

‘As long as it let the bean bears fight, there was no problem of him being injured.

At that time, it would be fine to let Buggy’s phantom assist and hide its main body.

“Sob.” Eleven seemed to have seen the light. It could fight this final boss, but not using its own body!

“Stop thinking so far ahead. What we should consider now is… how long we have to stay here before we can go out.” Shi Yu’s face darkened.

Help!

There was no internet here!