Chapter 248 - Eleven, Who Had Evolved Into A High-Level Overlord

Chapter 248: Eleven, who had evolved into a high-level overlord

Translator:

Atlas Studios

Editor:

Atlas Studios

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Hmph, hmph.

The old turtle, Zhong Xuan, looked at Shi Yu and the others silently, waiting for their choice.

In its opinion, Shi Yu’s talent wasn’t bad. In the future, he might be a threat to Yun An.

Even if it couldn’t pose a threat, it was good to disgust Yun An.

In short, as long as Shi Yu wanted to nurture the Iron-eating Beast, he would definitely fight Yun An in the future.

And it was an enemy with Yun An. The enemy of the enemy was its friend. This was the reason why it wanted to invest in Shi Yu.

The path of evolution was placed in front of Shi Yu and the others. He wondered if Shi Yu and the others had the guts to walk it.

“Just now, didn’t Senior Chong Xuan say that Yun An was as big as a huge city?”

Shi Yu and the others stood together and carefully started the team meeting.

Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, and Little Chi Tong, who had possessed Shi Yu, nodded.

“No wonder Senior Emperor Wu’s Iron-eating Beast Army can evolve into a second stage. As long as a piece of Yun An’s skin is removed, it can probably support many Nine Li Battle Beasts carving inscriptions…”

“In addition, it’s an elemental life form and a demigod. It’s probably not very difficult to regenerate. It’s a renewable resource.”

“In other words, the stable evolution channel of the overlord race… has been found?” Shi Yu was stunned.

“If the country knows, will it organize a mechanical army to attack the totem area?”

“Capture Yun An and raise him.”

Eleven, Baby Ginseng, Buggy, and Chi Tong were all very serious. It wasn’t impossible.

Although the current Dong Huang and the totem area were peaceful and were only going through small-scale conflicts, that was because there were no benefits to be found through war.

If there were huge benefits, it was possible for the totem area to start a war with Dong Huang or Dong Huang to start a war with a certain totem.

The Dong Huang Ancient Country was actually alright. In recent years, it had been at a stable development stage. It maintained the attitude that if the enemy didn’t attack it, it wouldn’t attack the enemy.

But some countries actually often had conflicts with the totem area.

For example, Shen Feng that had been established for the shortest time and only had 200 years in history. It was the first to develop a Mechanic class and become a country with technology.

Because they lacked native resources, even until now, it often fought with the totem area and plundered resources everywhere. It was in the war stage all year round. However, it wasn’t an all-out war, so it couldn’t affect the situation of the world.

If Dong Huang understood the threat of Yun An and the benefits it could bring by killing Yun An, then even if Shi Yu didn’t care about it, Dong Huang would probably miss it.

1

Although Shi Yu didn’t have any confidence in facing Yun An in the short term with his strength, he was still quite confident in Dong Huang.

The advantage of Mechanics in war was too great.

The last totem war, because of the birth of the Mechanic class, was the easiest battle for humans to win in thousands of years.

With the advantage of the number one country in the Mechanic class, even the Shen Feng Nation dared to chase after the totems now.

In this situation, Shi Yu felt that he could give it a try. So what if he provoked a demigod in order to evolve? As long as there were benefits, he believed that Dong Huang could become his greatest nanny and protect him well.

He chose to continue living off of nannies.

Moreover, whether Yun An revived or not was still another matter.

If it still needed a hundred thousand years to revive, it would probably still be in a weakened state. It wasn’t as strong as he imagined, so he had plenty of time to develop.

“Senior Chong Xuan, we’ve decided.”

“Evolution metal, amazing! Totem half-god, useless!”

“By the way, do you know where Yun An might be revived and resting?”

After Shi Yu and the others discussed carefully, they looked at Chong Xuan.

Perhaps after the mechanical army pressed over, he wouldn’t even have to ask Yun An for the evolution materials later himself. The Dong Huang army would directly pack them up and bring them back.

Zhong Xuan: “?

It was decided so easily and happily??

Shouldn’t he consider it carefully when facing a monster like a half-god totem?

“Have you really decided??”

Zhong Xuan looked at Shi Yu and the others.

“Te decided.”

“Alright.” Zhong Xuan snorted and laughed. Forget it, it was useless to keep the four metal resources in the ruins anyway. It couldn’t bring it along with it even if it died. It was a pretty good way to deal with it now that it could be given to Shi Yu.

Unfortunately, it probably couldn’t see the day Shi Yu and Yun An faced each other in the future.

“You guys wait!!”

It roared, and even space vibrated.

The next moment, boom, boom. In the ruins, the stone pillars of one of the four training facilities cracked.

Then, four fist-sized special metal ores flew out.

White light covered these metal ores. As Zhong Xuan controlled these metal ores to come to this space with his identity as the master of the ruins, four metal pieces of different colors instantly fell in front of Shi Yu!

There was a piece that was completely blue. The lightning was violent, and the metallic luster and lightning intertwined.

A dark green stone was filled with life.

It was pure white and transparent, with a faint white halo.

The last piece was a black prismatic metal that gradually turned white. It looked like the most ordinary of the few, but on careful observation, it contained strong dark magic power.

“For you.” After Zhong Xuan took out four metal ores, he said,

“But I’ll say this in advance, because these four pieces are the best among the corresponding metals. The Heavenly Thunder Stone, Life Gold, and Divine Space Iron are still alright, but with your Iron-eating Beast’s aptitude, you can definitely digest them.”

“However, it’s best to wait for this meteorite fragment to grow to the monarch level. No, it’s best if it’s at the overlord level before devouring and evolving. The first three metals only let it complete a small evolution. Although it will increase its race level and awaken new super racial skills, it won’t let it

obtain new attributes, and its own form won’t change.”

“However, the Meteorite Fragment will change it greatly. At that time, it will evolve into a new race. It will obtain dark attributes and transform into a devil god. The requirement for its own strength is very high. Otherwise, it’s very likely to lose its mind due to the corrosion of the dark power.”

Zhong Xuan saw Shi Yu looking at him and asked, “Is there anything you want to ask?”

“No…”

1

“Well, can it try to evolve now?”

Shi Yu said in anticipation.

Speaking of which, he finally knew what materials the Iron-eating Beast needed to carve the inscription.

It wasn’t easy!

Heavenly Thunder Stone, Life Gold Jade, Divine Space Iron, these metal ores were recorded in his index. They were all rare level-eight materials.

Moreover, it was one of the rarer ones. It belonged to the type that might not necessarily be found even if one knew the name. It was even rarer than the Fruit of Life that the ginseng baby ate.

No wonder he made Eleven eat so many different metals and tried to carve inscriptions but failed. It was because he was poor that he didn’t experiment on top-notch metals.

“Sure.” Zhong Xuan clicked his tongue and said, “Eat those three first and carve the corresponding inscription. I reckon that at that time, its race should be able to be called a high-level overlord race.”

“T’ll tell you what the other five pieces of metal are. At that time, if you can find the corresponding metal, your Iron-eating Beast’s strength will be passable.”

At the side, Buggy and Baby Ginseng couldn’t listen anymore.

Damn.

If one inscription corresponded to a super skill, then at that time, it would be nine super skills. In addition to the original one, it would be ten super racial skills!!

Wasn’t this invincible?

Buggy and Baby Ginseng were stunned.

However, Shi Yu and the others paused. “It… makes sense??”

“Ten super racial skills…”

Zhong Xuan curled its lips and said, “What’s the use of skills? Even if there are 100 super racial skills, they’re still only quasi Mythical races. Without divine skills, they’re still ants.”

“Back then, it also had ten super racial skills that were ridiculously strong, but in the end, even if we added all of us together, we could only fight evenly with Yun An.”

“Little brat, let me remind you. Remember this well. When you train all your super racial skills to perfection, don’t practice all of them anymore. Just specialize in developing the most convenient super racial skill.”

“When a transcendent racial skill reaches a certain proficiency, it can advance to the totem level.”

“And to develop a certain transcendent racial skill to the extreme and combine it with your own race to develop your own divine skill… This is the key to breaking through all restrictions and becoming a Mythical! Don’t be greedy. Essence is the foundation.”

1

“It’s because Yun An has mastered the prototype of a divine skill and developed an ability to the extreme that he can suppress us. If he wants to pursue a higher domain, it’s enough to find a direction. Every super skill is the prototype of a divine skill. Even those real Mythical creatures only have one divine

skill. Quality over quantity, remember this!”

Shi Yu was slightly stunned when he heard Zhong Xuan’s guidance.

This was the first time he had heard of the need to advance to the Mythical stage.

Developing super racial skills to the extreme and combining them with their own race to develop their own divine skills was the requirement to advance to the Mythical stage??

oye

As expected!

For experts like Emperor Wu, skills with transcendent proficiency were not the end point at all. In fact, what they pursued were transcendent racial skills with Dao Proficiency!

“Have you understood?” Zhong Xuan asked.

“Yes, yes, I have.”

“Then eat it quickly,” Zhong Xuan said calmly. The last time it helped the iron-eating beast evolve was a long time ago. What nostalgia.

“Huh?” At this moment, Eleven was stunned. It suddenly realized that this seemed to be its opportunity.

Its eyes immediately lit up.

Seeing this, Buggy and Baby Ginseng directly tensed up in envy.

Buggy suddenly felt a sense of crisis.

‘Wait a minute, did Big Boss Chong Xuan say that the leader could reach a high-level overlord race after eating these?!

Baby Ginseng cried. It thought that it would be the next one to evolve in the team. It was clearly supposed to be

Eleven ran to a metal ore excitedly.

It had long turned from a child who didn’t know how to evolve into an evolution obsessed freak.

“Wu?” It asked Zhong Xuan and Shi Yu if it could eat it.

“Let’s give it a try.” Shi Yu nodded.

“Wuu!!!”

With that said, Eleven roared and directly entered the sharp state, evolving into the form of the Nine Li Battle Beast.

At the same time, when he saw the silver-white Nine Li Battle Beast, Zhong Xuan narrowed his eyes.

It said, “This is the best proof that it’s an Iron-eating Beast King. Although its bloodline didn’t awaken successfully, the characteristics of the royal family are very obvious.”

“After the Iron-eating Beast King’s racial skill hardening is developed to the extreme, if you also master other attributes with extremely high proficiency at the same time, and if the hardening substance in your body has the corresponding attributes… you can obtain a second attribute during evolution.”

“You guys are pretty lucky.”

Shi Yu was stunned. This was the first time he had received an official explanation why Eleven had lightning after evolution. It was different from other Nine Li Battle Beasts.

Eleven was even more confident. As expected of the Panda King!

“alright, quickly evolve,” Zhong Xuan said.

“Alright.” Shi Yu nodded and looked at Eleven.

“Wuu!!” In the next moment, Eleven swallowed the Heavenly Thunder Stone in one go.

Boom!!!

Then, lightning wreaked havoc on Eleven’s silver-white armor, and shocking lightning shot out of its eyes.

Under its guidance, Eleven quickly carved the corresponding inscription.

Screech.

Eleven hardened the sharp claws of its right hand and started to slowly scratch its body.

Then, under the nervous gazes of Shi Yu, Buggy, and Baby Ginseng, white light began to linger on Eleven’s body!

At this moment, Eleven was very excited because this time, the rejection reaction did not appear!

“Wuu!!”

Eleven roared and its body was completely wrapped in white light. At the same time, the index in front of Shi Yu quickly displayed Eleven’s growth changes.

(Energy Points]: 133156

“Holy shit.” Shi Yu cursed in his heart. It increased by more than 20,000 all of a sudden?

‘What shocked Shi Yu even more was that as the white light dissipated, Eleven’s full appearance appeared in front of them.

Just as Zhong Xuan had said, Eleven’s form didn’t change at all. Even the traces of the previous inscription had disappeared. However, Beetle, Baby Ginseng, and Shi Yu could clearly feel that it was stronger.

At this moment, terrifying lightning lingered on Eleven’s body. As it slowly raised its arm, its expression was slightly stunned.

Sensing his newly awakened racial skill, Eleven was suddenly shocked and delighted.

At the same time, Shi Yu also instantly learned the information of this new skill through the mental connection between the Beast Tamer and his pet!

Skill: Lightning Rod

[Attributes]: Metal, Thunder

[Level]: Super level

< Introduction > It can transform oneself and external objects into the Lightning-Attracting Needle. When you transform yourself into a Lightning-Attracting Needle through hardening substances, you can obtain the lightning resistance and cause the heavenly lightning in the natural world to attack all

substances around you. By touching and giving hardening substances to transform the enemy into the Lightning-Attracting Needle, you can let the enemy be attacked by the heavenly lightning in the natural world.

At this moment, sensing this skill, Shi Yu directly took a deep breath.

Although the name was a little low and didn’t look impressive, the effect was so strong. It was completely the super upper level of a high-level skill Thunder. It was a skill that could perfectly mobilize the natural power of lightning!

What did this skill mean when combined with Eleven’s storage lightning and Inner Power?

It was a walking divine lightning attraction. No one could get close to it. It could fight in the thunderstorm and become stronger and stronger!!

Apart from that, it could actually transform the enemy into a lightning rod by giving hardening substances… The enemy didn’t have lightning resistance. In other words, if anyone was touched by Eleven in battle, the lightning in nature would continuously attack them. It was never-ending, directly

turning the enemy into a lightning-eating physique.

Also, through this skill, it could completely create a holy land for thunderstorm cultivation. Or, if this skill was enchanted into equipment, it would be a thunder-element divine weapon!

No matter how Shi Yu analyzed it, he realized that this skill was extremely strong.

Obviously, Eleven also thought so. It couldn’t help but cry out in excitement.

“Wuuu!!” It didn’t have to go to the charging room of Ancient Capital University in the future. The charging there was slow. In the future, it could just summon lightning in school and attack itself!

“yi?” “Wu?” Seeing Eleven and Shi Yu so excited, Buggy and Baby Ginseng swallowed their saliva. What happened?!

“Continue.” Zhong Xuan was the calmest. There were still two more.

Upon hearing that, Eleven continued to eat the Divine Space Iron.

The same procedures, the same steps.

Eleven completed a small stage of evolution again.

If one were to say that the attack just now had completely raised its race level to low-level overlord.

Now, its race level had leaped to middle-level overlord.

Energy Points: 154325

Moreover, its energy level became the first in the team overnight, surpassing Little Chi Tong and Buggy!

At the same time, new racial skills were accompanying it.

Skill: Space Quake

[Attributes]: Metal, Space

[Level]: Super level

< Introduction > It can temporarily give the spatial attribute of metal-element matter. The metal-element substance that is given the spatial attribute has a vibration nature. It can cause spatial vibration. With the power of vibration, it can shatter the ground, make the atmosphere tremble, make the sea

crack, make the sky sway, and cause huge tsunamis, huge earthquakes, and even spatial cracks to attack the enemy in another space.3

After awakening this skill, Eleven was overjoyed.

Not only was it a counter to Buggy, but it was also a move that could be used to create weapons!

Shi Yu instantly shared his ability with Buggy.

2

Buggy:

This was a move that could counter the etherealization ability of the invincible Concealment of a legendary Beast Tamer.

Buggy originally relied on Concealment to be invincible in the battle with Eleven, but now, its expression suddenly collapsed and revealed a desperate expression.

Nol!!!

“Wuuu!!”

At this moment, Panda King Eleven was extremely excited.

However, this wasn’t the end.

The final Golden Jade of Life.

This was a metal that could allow Eleven to awaken super racial skills with both metal and wood attributes!!

It was the same step again. Eleven completed the evolution without changing its form.

Moreover, the newly awakened skill stunned Eleven and Shi Yu.

Initially, Shi Yu thought that it would be another move that could create weapons and equipment, but.

Skill: Soldier Bean

[Attributes]: Metal, Wood

[Level]: Super level

{ntroduction]: Spread the golden beans and form an immortal army. The inheritance of the army’s individual abilities will increase with the increase in skill proficiency!

Shi Yu was stunned for a moment. He instantly imagined the scene of a group of little iron-eating beasts fighting and using impregnable together.

Holy shit, clone skill??

Moreover, it was a clone skill named after the army.

Shi Yu had been searching for the metal-eating Iron-eating Beast’s skill that was more compatible with the metal element than the spiritual-type clone. Unfortunately, he had never found it. He didn’t expect that the clone skill would be awakened by Eleven in the form of a racial skill.

At this moment, Shi Yu suddenly felt that he had no regrets.

«< Name > Nine Li Battle Beast (Three Inscriptions)

{Race Level]: Metal, Thunder

[Race Level]: High-level overlord

{Level of Growth]: Commander Level

[Race Skill]:

Low-level: Hardening (Dao Proficiency), Electric Magnetic Floating (Dao Proficiency)

Intermediate: Giant Transformation (Dao Proficiency), Energy Storage Lightning (transcendent)

Advanced: Impregnable (Perfect)

Super level: Inner Power (Initiate), Lightning Rod (Initiate), Space Quake (Initiate), Congealed Bean Soldier (Initiate)

[Professor Skill]:

Intermediate: High Speed Healing (Perfect), Super Sight (Perfect), Thunder Palm (transcendent)

Advanced: Absolute Sleep (Perfect), Multiplication (Shrinking: Perfect; Giant Transformation: Dao Proficiency), Deterrence (transcendent)

Energy Points: 175001

Inan instant, Eleven’s strength reached an unimaginable level.

At this moment, when he saw Shi Yu and Eleven’s shocked expressions, Zhong Xuan laughed out loud.

“How is it? Very strong, right?”

“Tl also tell you the awakening method of the Iron-eating Beast King bloodline later. In my opinion, that racial talent isn’t inferior to ordinary super skills.”

“Wuuu!!!” Eleven’s eyes lit up. It realized that it had become like Shi Yu and wanted to rely on a stronger power.

It felt good!

“The racial talent is…?” Shi Yu asked.

Individual pets all had their own special abilities. It wasn’t a skill, but the nature of their bodies. For example, the racial talent of birds was flight.

Fish could survive underwater.

Baby Ginseng was also a supplement.

These talents might be useful or they might not be.

“Actually, it’s nothing. It’s just that it can allow the Iron-eating Beast to increase its physique more efficiently after recovering from its near-death state. In short, it can increase the benefits of life and death battles and life and death training.”

3

‘As soon as he finished speaking, Eleven’s gaze gradually became sharp. Buggy and Baby Ginseng were shocked.

At the same time, Shi Yu fell into deep thought.

The Iron-eating Beast was too strong. He should strengthen Baby Ginseng… Damn, something was wrong. If they do that, the Iron-eating Beast would be even stronger…