Chapter 245 - Another Trick

Chapter 245: Another Trick

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator:

Atlas Studios

Editor:

Atlas Studios

At the ruins of Emperor Wu.

Wei Lin Platform, one of the nine major training facilities.

At the moment, a group of people was studying the rock pillar.

Apart from Shi Yu and the others, even Principal Feng came.

Initially, he had wanted to come over to settle things, but after coming here, he immediately fell silent after hearing Shi Yu’s words.

“Research, I have to study it.”

This might be a major archeological discovery.

“Then let’s study it. What can I do? I’m also very desperate.” White Brook’s second grandfather was very helpless.

Now that the rock pillar was broken, if there were other archeological discoveries, it would still be worth it.

If what Ji Yu said was the case, Emperor Wu Ruins might be the training ground of the Iron-eating Beast Army. The nine pillar training facility might represent the opportunity for the iron-eating beasts to ascend to an overlord race. Then, this was a stable cultivation channel for overlord races!

Its value even exceeded the discovery of the green cocoon.

It far exceeded the current value of Emperor Wu Ruins!

With the idea that no matter how bad it was, there couldn’t be a worse situation, Shi Yu successfully obtained the research rights to the rock pillar.

As for the other eight training facilities, Old Master Bai Ming didn’t dare to let Shi Yu try them easily. At least, he couldn’t let Shi Yu cause any trouble before the martial arts conference ended.

In order to prepare for the martial arts conference, Wu Ling City had made a lot of preparations. Now, they only wanted the martial arts conference to end normally. This wasn’t too much, right?

For the sake of time, letting Shi Yu come into contact with the rock pillar again was already the limit.

“How exactly?”

Beside the rock pillar, Shi Yu and Eleven sat on the ground with conflicted expressions.

There was no way to successfully carve inscriptions here.

Could they be overthinking?

For some strange ritual feelings, Shi Yu even flew up and embedded Eleven in the huge hole in the rock pillar to let it carve inscriptions, but it was still unsuccessful.

Even Principal Feng and Bai Ming, two former legends, didn’t discover anything after studying the rock pillar.

For the next few days, Shi Yu studied it. During this period, he used various methods to try and carve inscriptions, but he didn’t succeed.

After consecutive failures, he even had a bold idea.

“This is a relatively special earth-element pure crystal. It’s not a metal resource at all. Are you sure the Iron-eating Beast can eat it?”

Lu Qingyi and White Brook acted as Shi Yu’s assistants beside him these two days and asked.

“Wu wu wu.” Eleven cried, It didn’t want to eat dirt.

This stone pillar fragment didn’t look like something delicious no matter how one looked at it. It wasn’t a ginseng baby.

“Tm just kidding, just kidding.” Shi Yu’s head hurt.

“Could it be a mistake?”

He couldn’t carve it or communicate with the spirit of the ruins. It was very uncomfortable.

“Do you think it’s possible that a total of nine cracks are needed to meet the triggering conditions of the reward mechanism? The current progress is only one out of nine. We still need to reach the same conditions in the other eight training facilities…”

Shi Yu guessed quietly.

It was just like how it was useless to have one dragon ball, they had to gather seven!

Perhaps by shattering the nine stone pillars, he could summon the reward!

White Brook:???

Lu Qingyi had a headache. “The key is that a few training facilities aren’t for high-level Beast Tamers to use at all. Only master-level Beast Tamers can activate them. Moreover, are you sure?”

“What if all nine training facilities are destroyed and there’s nothing…”

Shi Yu smiled in embarrassment. Wasn’t this a guess?

“Idon’t think we can figure anything out here. Why don’t we go to other usable training facilities after the martial arts conference?” White Brook suggested. “The preliminaries are almost over. Let’s finish the main competition first.”

“Uh, martial arts conference.”

Shi Yu was stunned. There seemed to be such a thing.

“The preliminaries are almost over? Aren’t there a lot of people? I thought it would still be a few days.”

In the past few days of studying the rock pillar, the preliminaries of the martial arts conference had already begun. As for Shi Yu, Lu Qingyi, and White Brook, because they had passed the strength certification, they automatically obtained the opportunity to advance to the main competition.

“Of course it’s almost over,” White Brook said. “We can finish today.”

“Alright, why don’t we go for a meal first?” Shi Yu suggested.

The two of them nodded.

Then, the three of them began to leave. After leaving the rock pillar, Shi Yu was actually a little guilty.

He suddenly felt that his deduction was a little unreliable.

This was because some of the facilities in the ruins of Emperor Wu were built with the special mineral rock pillar. Previously, these buildings were intact and couldn’t be tested for its composition. But this time, after Lu Qingyi helped Shi Yu examine the composition of the shattered rock pillar, she

discovered that it was only a special earth-element energy crystal.

It didn’t even contain a little metal element.

This was a little far from the inference, because if it was a training field built for the Iron-eating Beast Army, wouldn’t it be better to use metal-element materials? Could it be that he was afraid that the Iron-eating Beast would eat the training field during the training process?

The composition of the rock pillar made Shi Yu feel that this was the training ground of a certain earth-clement pet army, not the Iron-eating Beast Training Ground.

In short, it was too difficult. He wanted to go for a meal and participate in a martial arts conference to relieve the pressure.

After Shi Yu and the others left, in the depths of the ruins, the awakened Divine Turtle Zhong Xuan slowly opened its red eyes again.

In the past few days, everything that happened in Emperor Wu Ruins had fallen into its eyes.

It sighed deeply in its heart. It didn’t expect that just recuperating after the battle took two thousand years. When it woke up again, everything had changed.

Its former comrades had probably died long ago. In the tragic battle, it was one of the few that barely survived with racial advantages.

It didn’t wake up today because its injuries had healed. From the beginning to the end, it had relied on sleeping to prevent its injuries from worsening. This time, it woke up because its injuries had worsened to the extreme. It estimated that it was its final final moments before death. It wasn’t far from the

end of its lifespan, or even in these few days.

“But I didn’t expect that someone could break the record here.”

Zhong Xuan looked at Shi Yu and the others who had left the ruins from the sky’s perspective. Then, his gaze landed on the nine pillars of the ruins and he thought of a very important thing.

Time passed quickly, and in the blink of an eye, it was the next day.

In order to participate in the martial arts conference, Shi Yu temporarily gave up studying the rock pillar and rested for the whole day to adjust his mood.

This made Shi Yu arrive at the battle arena of Emperor Wu Ruins in a relatively good mood the next day.

Over the past few decades, the ruins of Emperor Wu had long been developed by Wu Ling City into a large building garden that integrated tourist attractions and training competitions. The venue of this martial arts conference was a venue in Emperor Wu Ruins.

“Eh, I can finally move around.”

“Twonder who will be chosen. Please don’t let it be Senior Lu.”

At the drawing venue of the main competition.

Among Shi Yu and the others, White Brook was nervous.

If he was unlucky enough to draw Lu Qingyi in the first round and not those high-level Beast Tamers, his luck would be too bad.

In the lottery segment, at this moment, including those who had passed the strength verification and those who had passed the preliminaries, a total of 64 contestants were waiting for the lottery.

Seeing the combination of White Brook, Lu Qingyi, and Shi Yu, the other contestants, be it masters or high-level Beast Tamers, all cast different gazes.

However, more people’s gazes landed on Shi Yu, making him feel uncomfortable.

“He’s that Shi Yu who destroyed the rock pillar that certified his strength, right?”

“Good lord, good lord.”

Shi Yu’s arrival attracted the attention of many in the audience.

Now that a few days had passed, the rock pillar was still sealed and not repaired. The news that the rock pillar had broken when Shi Yu went up to receive the certification had already spread everywhere.

At the same time, Shi Yu’s battle results were also spread everywhere.

33 seconds. Even a master-level Beast Tamer wasn’t that capable of lasting.

Even a master-level Beast Tamer with Fusion Talent who contracted a monarch-level pet might not necessarily be able to last 33 seconds.

But Shi Yu did.

Although he didn’t know why the rock pillar was broken, it was very difficult not to pay attention to him.

“The people from Bureau 11 are really troublesome.”

At the same time, on the platform, Old Master Bai Ming, who was the special guest of the main competition, was still looking at Shi Yu with a headache.

Beside him, two middle-aged men who were also members of the Bai family were smiling bitterly.

Among these two people, one was the president of the Beast Tamer Association in Wuling City, and the other was the commander of the Beast Tamer Troops in Wuling City, White Brook’s uncle. The two of them were also special guests of this martial arts conference. They had both obtained first place in

the martial arts conference. Now, they were top-notch masters. But no matter how high their identities were, how could they be happy?

If there was anyone who felt the most heartache when the rock pillar was destroyed, it would definitely be them.

This rock pillar was broken, and the subsequent training problems were very serious. Then, if they wanted to maintain the previous regiment’s training efficiency, they had to invest other resources. That would turn into an economic problem in Wu Ling City

“It’s still easier to organize competitions and train. Developing ruins is tiring and not pleasing.”

“Fortunately, no new abnormalities have appeared in the past few days…”

President Bai still smiled bitterly.

Soon, the time for drawing lots arrived. The 64 contestants present stepped forward to draw lots, and the tens of thousands of spectators present watched intently.

This time, just the tickets alone were sold for hundreds of millions of yuan in Wu Ling City. This was also why the martial arts conference had to be held normally no matter what. Fortunately, the rock pillar was broken, and there was no problem with the Emperor Wu Ruins. Otherwise, just the ticket

money would have to be lost a lot.

“Tm number 12??”

At this moment, Shi Yu looked at his number in surprise.

This luck

“Wow, number one.”

White Brook looked at Shi Yu’s number and was very envious.

It was the easiest to finish the first round. Next, he could watch the others compete in peace.

“Tm number 29, very far behind,” Lu Qingyi said.

Swoosh.

As the three of them were discussing, Shi Yu suddenly felt a hostile gaze from afar.

He pinched the number and looked over. He saw a middle-aged man nearly two meters tall looking at him unhappily.

Shi Yu :”…”

As everyone finished drawing their lots, the member of the Bai family, Master Bai Feng, who was in charge of the martial arts conference, walked onto the stage and said, “The drawing of lots is completed. According to the statistics, the first match is between contestant Shi Yu and contestant Chen Yu.”

“The other contestants, please wait at the player area.”

Compared to the battlefield hall of Imperial Capital University, the venue facilities here were relatively simple. Even the battle list was written on the huge blackboard by pets for people to see.

The first battle was Shi Yu vs Chen Yu.

Seeing these two names, many people were stunned.

Because the name Chen Yu was not unfamiliar to most people. He had participated in the martial arts conference last year and even obtained good results in the top 32. He was a master-level Beast Tamer.

Shi Yu… had encountered a master.

Although Shi Yu had displayed monarch-level strength during the test, according to everyone’s understanding, that kind of condition should be very difficult to achieve here.

In the official segment of the martial arts conference, which was a race against time, the opponent wouldnt easily let Shi Yu’s Iron-eating Beast become so powerful.

In order to resist the pressure, Eleven had used the full-level Giant Transformation and Inner Power to give Shi Yu such a huge power.

But in this environment, it was almost impossible for the Iron-eating Beast to expand to 5 to 60 meters. The venue was not that big.

On the platform, Legend Bai touched his goatee and said, “Who’s that person?”

“Chen Yu, 37 years old. He’s from the suburbs of Wu Ling City. He’s a master-level Beast Tamer. He has the Fusion Talent and has a monarch-level pet, the Dragon Blood Turtle. After fusing, his defense is astonishing. He mainly cultivates defensive moves. In the preliminaries, he’s known as the Pure

Imperial ceiling. No one can break through his defense.”

“However, it’s said that his personality is not very good due to the influence of his pet. His family runs a bar. When he was a student, he was a thorny hoodlum with a very bad temper. He liked to fight a lot. If it weren’t for the fact that his family has a strong relationship, he might not necessarily be able to

be a Beast Tamer.”

“He directly entered the main competition last year… But this year, because his registration wasn’t timely, he was stuck on the last day. Because the rock pillar was broken, the remaining people, including him, could only start fighting directly from the preliminaries,” President Bai explained beside him.

“Oh, oh.” Old Master Bai was amused. In other words, this person had been inconvenienced by Shi Yu?

He could have entered the main competition directly with the certification, but because the rock pillar was broken, he had to participate in the preliminaries for a few more days??

Great.

Soon, only Shi Yu and Chen Yu were left. Shi Yu realized that this person was the big man who had looked at him with hostility just now. He couldn’t help but be puzzled. The competition was second, and friendship was first. Why was there such deep hatred?

“The atmosphere seems very heavy.”

“Speaking of which, why did Master Chen Yu start fighting from the preliminaries this year? Didn’t he directly guarantee admission to the main competition last year?”

“Iknow, because the rock pillar broke after Shi Yu. The people behind can’t be verified at all. I’m dying of laughter.”

“Pfft, that’s really a sad thing.”

The battle had yet to begin, and many people realized that Master Chen Yu had been inconvenienced by Shi Yu before. They couldnt help but look forward to the battle between them in advance.

Chen Yu still had strength. Although he was a new master of Wu Ling in the past two years, after the Dragon Tortoise fused, the shocking defense and life force of the middle-level monarch race’s Dragon Blood Tortoise gave him very strong battle ability.

The agile mobility of the human body coupled with the defense of the Dragon Turtle could be said to be making up for each other’s shortcomings.

In the arena, Master Chen Yu stared at Shi Yu. All the muscles in his body protruded as he said to Shi Yu, “Shi Yu, right? I don’t care how talented you are. I won’t show mercy. If you feel that you can’t take it anymore later, admit defeat quickly.”

If it were anyone else, Chen Yu would have long cursed. Considering Shi Yu’s special identity, he was still considered rational now. However, because Shi Yu had made it so that he fought for three more days in the preliminaries, this really made Chen Yu unhappy.

Generally speaking, he wouldn’t give anyone who made him unhappy a good impression. As for whether he would be ostracized by the system because he offended someone, he expressed that he had never been part of the system. In any case, he was the only one at home now. He didn’t have to worry

about food and drink, so he just had to do whatever he wanted.

“Wu…” In the face of Chen Yu’s words, Shi Yu said,” I will, but I still hope that Big Brother will show mercy. I’m only a high-level Beast Tamer.”

“Why don’t you send a commander-level pet to fight me?”

Chen Yu: ”

“What the f*ck do you want!!!” Chen Yu was furious. Why did he feel like he had punched cotton after insulting Shi Yu? He felt like he had made himself even angrier.

How hateful.

In the contestant area, many contestants revealed happy expressions when they saw that Chen Yu and Shi Yu were full of gunpowder. Lu Qingyi and White Brook were no exception. There were not many masters with such violent tempers. It looked much more interesting than a friendly battle.

“Can we begin?” Chen Yu looked at the judge, Bai Feng, beside him.

Then, the judge, Bai Feng, gave the order to begin.

“Wau!!!”

Without any nonsense, Chen Yu’s entire body was covered in the red tortoise shell in an instant. At the same time, because Chi Tong’s possession level was higher, Shi Yu’s possession speed was even faster.

In the blink of an eye, Shi Yu turned into the form of a red-haired Chi Tong, A sun-like fire spiritual aura erupted from his body, and a flaming sword appeared in Shi Yu’s hand.

Seeing this scene, many people were stunned. After all, only a small number of people had seen Shi Yu challenge the pressure of the rock pillar. Now, most people were seeing Shi Yu in the state of the Sword Spirit Possession for the first time.

“It’s said that it’s a sword spirit, a fire-element sword spirit.”

Many people in the audience muttered.

The Dragon Blood Turtle was a dragon-element subspecies. There was no attribute restraint relationship between the two parties. He didn’t know what the outcome of this battle would be.

However, from Chen Yu’s perspective, he didn’t think that a master-level Beast Tamer like him would be successfully challenged by a high-level Beast Tamer.

However, Chen Yu realized that his opponent’s attack speed was really fast.

Boom!!!

The moment both parties transformed, Chen Yu felt that the light in front of him was instantly snatched away, and the world seemed to have fallen into darkness.

At this moment, Chen Yu felt a wave of heat attack.

With a bang, a huge red sword light cut through the darkness on the other side, turning into a terrifying fire sword aura. It tore through the air and landed in front of Chen Yu.

“Light Flame Sword.”

On the other side, Shi Yu’s Flame Demon Armor and red cloak fluttered. He held his sword in one hand and slashed down with the sword aura. Because it was a battle above his level, he didn’t dare to be sloppy. He directly focused on seizing every opportunity to deal with it.

However.

The Yang Flame Sword that had fused with the power of the transcendent Yang Flame made Chen Yu, who was opposite him, extremely disdainful. He directly clawed at the air. With a boom, his fist seemed to have turned into a dragon’s claw, instantly sweeping up terrifying blood-colored energy and

scattering this sword aura.

High-level skill, Dragon Blood Claw!

On the other side, Chen Yu faced the scattered flames and smiled. “I say, although your strength is not bad, this attack is just ticklish?”

“Tl give you a chance. Ride your Iron-eating Beast and do it again.”

“Don’t blame me for not giving you a chance.”

“But a mere Iron-eating Beast… Haha.”

The corners of Shi Yu’s mouth twitched.

This guy was getting too cocky.

Did he really think Shi Yu needed him to show mercy?

“Uncle, you’re very arrogant.”

Initially, he didn’t want to use that so early, but… Forget it, forget it, end it as soon as possible. He really didn’t have the mood to train himself now.

In the next moment, Shi Yu walked forward. Step by step, he stunned Chen Yu opposite him.

“Have you heard of the Ice Fire Dragon?”

Shi Yu said directly.

Then, a shimmering spatial ripple appeared in front of Shi Yu’s chest.

Shi Yu stretched out his hand and directly reached into the ruins space. He slowly pulled it out in the air. Then, shocking cold air surged. A blue divine sword was slowly pulled out of the alternate space and appeared in Shi Yu’s hand.

During this process, the flames and cold air around Shi Yu’s body lingered, transforming into the power of ice flames that filled the sky.

At the same time, a terrifying dragon roar emitted from the sword.

“Roar!!!”

The terrifying dragon roar instantly shocked the minds of everyone present, making them temporarily absent-minded. As for Chen Yu, who was opposite Shi Yu, he was even more absent-minded. He was directly stunned by the dragon might and was suppressed by the bloodline.

At the same time, Shi Yu slowly rose into the sky.

Soon, when Chen Yu returned to his senses, his pupils suddenly constricted. He realized that Shi Yu’s posture had completely changed. At this moment, a terrifying ice dragon phantom was born under Shi Yu and became his mount.

The huge frost dragon’s body seemed to be made of ice and stone. The color was ice-blue and dark purple, representing extreme cold.

It wasn’t just its body. Its neck, head, long tail, sharp claws, and fangs, its four strong feet, as well as its pair of wings, were all made of ice and stone. Its scales revealed coldness, and snow lingered, forming a sharp contrast to Shi Yu in his fire form.

The Ice Dragon roared and flapped its wings.

At this moment, Little Chi Tong was also cheering, inexplicably liking to cooperate with the Ice Dragon Phantom.

Everything was ready. Shi Yu raised the Ice Dragon Blade high.

Swoosh!!!

An extremely dazzling sword aura, about ten meters tall and interweaving in blue and red, was like a rolling snowstorm. It was like an erupting volcano, directly sweeping the dragon might towards Chen Yu and crushing him with a suffocating deterrence. In terms of strength, it was not inferior to the

Thunder Flame Sword pressure Shi Yu slashed out on the arena!!

Boom!!!

The Ice Flame Dragon Sword crushed the arena, directly making Chen Yu’s pupils shrink. He felt that the threat far exceeded the previous Light Flame Sword, but while he wanted to dodge at this moment, he was already stunned by the dragon might and had nowhere to run.

The sword light of ice and fire attacked, directly sweeping up a huge dust mist and devouring Chen Yu in one go. The shocking aftermath instantly turned into a violent wind that blew Shi Yu’s red hair.

On the ice dragon, the red-haired and red-eyed Shi Yu held the Ice Dragon Blade with a calm expression.

“Sorry, I don’t need an Iron-eating Beast to break through the defense of a little turtle.”

“The Iron-eating Beast is too strong. Even I’m afraid of using it.”

“A mere turtle.”

Shi Yu said calmly.

At this moment, all the contestants and spectators were shocked and shocked.

Holy shit.

‘What happened?

On the platform, Legend Bai and the other two were stunned.

“Level-seven weapon, a level-seven weapon that contains a dragon soul?”

At this moment, the smoke dispersed. Chen Yu, whose entire body was broken and corroded by ice and fire, stood on the ground. He was covered in injuries. His expression was stunned, and he was just as shocked as the audience. No one expected Shi Yu to turn around and take out a weapon of

ridiculously high level.

This was like two parties fighting bare-handed, with one side suddenly taking out a rocket cannon.

Outside the arena, White Brook opened her mouth wide and recalled the reminder that she had asked Shi Yu to prepare the equipment, but.

Where did Shi Yu get this sword from??

Just as everyone watched this battle in shock, Shi Yu raised the Ice Dragon Blade again and planned to end the opponent and take victory, something unexpected happened!

[Bullshit!!!]

[An Iron-eating Beast is the one that’s “mere”! A tortoise is definitely stronger than an Iron-eating Beast. It’s purely this guy got lucky!]

Ahuge roar suddenly spread across the entire sky of Emperor Wu Ruins, stunning everyone.

Shi Yu’s movements also froze immediately. He was stunned.

At this moment, the sudden change made Legend Bai explode. He immediately looked around in shock, not understanding what had happened.

‘Then, an even more strange scene appeared. A pair of huge red eyes appeared in the sky.

Under the gaze of the two eyes.

In the entire Emperor Wu Ruins, apart from Shi Yu, everyone’s bodies began to suffuse white light. They were actually teleported out of Emperor Wu Ruins one by one, leaving Shi Yu alone in the empty Emperor Wu Ruins to face this unbelievable scene.

“Holy shit.” Just as he finished showing off, Shi Yu immediately couldn’t hold it in anymore and revealed a crying expression.

What the f*ck, what the f*ck, what the f*ck happened again!!!

Senior Lu, Senior Bai, Grandpa Bai, Grandpa Feng, save me…!

At the same time, outside the ruins of Emperor Wu, more than ten thousand people instantly appeared in Wu Ling City and looked around in confusion.

Legend Bai stood on a certain place in a daze. Then, under their gaze, the nine external rock pillars in Wu Ling City cracked uniformly.

There was a crack.

Seeing this scene, Lu Qingyi, White Brook, Legend Bai, and the tens of thousands of spectators who were teleported out were all stunned. Huh?