Chapter 246 - Quasi Divine Beast Chong Xuan

Chapter 246: Quasi Divine Beast Chong Xuan

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator:

Atlas Studios

Editor:

Atlas Studios

Outside the ruins, the crowd was chaotic.

Everyone was stunned when they were suddenly teleported out of the competition.

In this situation, the higher the strength and status of the person, the more confused they were.

However, they had to quickly calm down and take charge of the situation.

“Dad.”

White Brook glanced at Legend Bai Ming.

Legend Bai’s expression was solemn.

“Damn it.” He directly cursed and looked at the sky in shock.

The big red eyes were gone.

But the pressure just now.

It was definitely a totem-level creature!!

Good lord.

In an instant, Legend Bai broke out in cold sweat.

There was also a hidden totem-level creature in the ruins of Emperor Wu??

This kind of thing.

The ruins of Emperor Wu had been developed for decades, but no one had discovered it.

“T’ve lost contact with the interior of the ruins.”

At this moment, Commander Bai, who was gently touching the rock pillar, said quickly with an ugly expression.

President Bai’s expression was also extremely ugly. This family felt that it was ridiculous.

Everyone recalled the situation just now.

Shi Yu was fighting Chen Yu. Before the outcome of the battle was decided, the ruins space suddenly trembled, and a huge pair of red eyes appeared in the sky.

They clearly heard a sentence.

It was a terrifying voice that cursed the Iron-eating Beast. The meaning was as if it was saying that the turtle was the best in the world and was very unhappy with the battle between Shi Yu and Chen Yu.

Then, there was nothing. Everyone was teleported out.

In the outside world, White Brook and Lu Qingyi looked at each other.

The two of them searched for Shi Yu, but unfortunately, they couldn’t find him.

Suddenly, the two of them had a bad feeling. They had pretty speechless expressions.

“Senior, I was wrong. I really messed up, really…”

Now, White Brook understood Principal Feng’s mood.

The top-notch totem in the Undead Battlefield was stimulated because Shi Yu had awakened it.

All the Beast Tamers in the ancient capital were shocked.

Now, when this stimulation appeared near her home, White Brook discovered that her previous comprehensions weren’t painful enough.

This time, it was really painful!

No matter how one looked at it, the scene just now looked like Shi Yu had offended a totem.

Very good, not only was the ruin broken, but a totem had also appeared. White Brook felt that she had encountered a big problem.

“Don’t be nervous first.” Lu Qingyi took a deep breath.

Based on her rich experience of courting death, things had yet to reach the worst state.

She had already informed Principal Feng to prepare to find a titled legend to take a look at the situation.

“Perhaps it’s not necessarily a hostile totem,” she said.

One possibility for the totem in Emperor Wu Space was that it was a totem suppressed by the nine pillars. Another was that it was the pet of Emperor Wu.

As long as it wasn’t the former, there was still room for reversal.

All of this was unbelievable and ridiculous, but at the moment, the first thing to do was definitely to manage the crowd.

Legend Bai said, “Maintain order first, evacuate the people to a safe place, and count the number of people.”

He quickly said, “President Bai and Commander Bai will also quickly carry out this matter.”

‘As for Legend Bai, he guarded outside the ruins to prevent any changes.

If there really was a totem-level creature, and it was an enemy, the entire Wu Ling City would probably instantly become ruins.

Level-two cities didn’t have the ability to resist totems.

As an old man, resisting an overlord-level creature was the limit. Totem creatures had to be dealt with by Titled Legends.

Soon, under the management of the Beast Tamer Troops, order was maintained.

Moreover, it didn’t take long for President Bai and the others to confirm something.

“We can confirm that everyone in the ruins space was teleported out, except for Shi Yu…”

“Apart from Shi Yu…”

As soon as this result was out, the faces of Legend Bai and the others in the outside world darkened almost instantly. They had a subtle headache.

“What a sin!

He wouldn’t believe that this matter had nothing to do with Shi Yu!

At this moment, the one whose mood had changed the most was definitely Shi Yu.

In the empty ruins of Emperor Wu, Shi Yu didn’t know how to face the huge pair of eyes in the sky.

Eleven, Baby Ginseng, and Buggy all came out of the Beast Taming Space at the same time and looked at the huge red eye nervously like Shi Yu.

oa

No matter how slow Shi Yu was, he knew that he was in trouble.

Fortunately, the red eyes that appeared in the sky didn’t seem to want to hurt him.

“Forget it, why should I be petty with you?”

A heavy voice sounded, and the world spun. Shi Yu felt his vision blur. Then, he appeared in a brown desolate world.

After arriving, Shi Yu’s pupils constricted further as he saw the appearance of the owner of the huge red eye.

This was the largest creature Shi Yu had ever seen.

Its body was as tall as a mountain, and its body length was estimated to be more than a hundred meters. It was even larger than Eleven in the superlative height state.

It was a tortoise-type creature. Its entire body was earth brown, and the color of the ground was extremely close. Its shell seemed to be carrying a mountain, but the most shocking thing was the terrifying black injuries on its body, making it look incomparably violent.

In front of Shi Yu, the archeological index changed crazily.

{Name}: Zhong Xuan

[Attributes]: Earth

[Race Level]: High-level overlord (Quasi Mythical)

{Level of Growth]: Totem Level

[Race Skill]:???

[Energy Points]:??

< Introduction > It’s one of the legendary four battle pets of Emperor Wu. It can control gravity.

“Gulp.”

When he saw the information on the archeological index, Shi Yu gulped several times.

Heavy… Zhong Xuan?!

“You’re… Zhong Xuan???”

Shi Yu said in shock.

This, this, this.

During the Emperor Wu era, only a portion of information about Emperor Wu was passed down.

People only knew that he had dragon, bird, tortoise, and tiger pets that often fused together. The information about other pets had been lost in history and couldn’t be studied. Among them, Emperor Wu’s turtle pet was Zhong Xuan.

An existence that had evolved to a nearly Mythical race and whose strength had even reached the totem level could be called a quasi-divine beast.

“Huh??? It’s me.”

Although two thousand years had already passed, Zhong Xuan was still very satisfied that his name could be passed down.

‘At the same time, Shi Yu’s expression suddenly became serious.

“You’re right. A mere Iron-eating Beast definitely can’t compare to the Turtle Race known as the Immortal Spirit Luck Beast. I only said that because I was angry that my opponent actually cultivated the Turtle Race to be so weak.”

“My dream is to obtain the recognition of a powerful Turtle Clan!”

Eleven:???

“Wu wu wu??”

What was wrong with the Iron-eating Beast? The Iron-eating Beast was clearly stronger than a turtle.

wu ~”

yi”

Buggy and Baby Ginseng advised Eleven to keep a low profile.

It was strong, but looking at the overall race, the Iron-eating Beast was indeed inferior to the Turtle Race, who had produced divine beasts.

“Of course.”

Seeing Shi Yu admit defeat, Zhong Xuan’s gaze flickered.

At least this brat was smart.

However, when he said this, Zhong Xuan was actually a little guilty.

It pondered for a moment and looked at Shi Yu and Eleven.

“although the Iron-eating Beast is ordinary, you guys are not bad. It’s also considered one of the best Iron-eating Beasts.”

“It’s just that you, a Beast Tamer, don’t seem to know how to nurture it very well. You haven’t developed its bloodline potential at all. If you don’t take the key step, why are you so anxious to carve the inscription?”

Shi Yu:

Eleven: Wu?

Now, Shi Yu’s mood had finally calmed down.

After learning that there was actually Emperor Wu pet in the ruins, although he was very shocked and shocked, at least Zhong Xuan at the moment was friendly.

But then, Zhong Xuan’s words stunned Shi Yu and the others.

“Bloodline potential?” Shi Yu said in confusion. Did Eleven have any special bloodlines?

Zhong Xuan glanced at Eleven and said, “Forget it. It’s been so long. It’s normal that you don’t know. Did something happen when it was born?”

“It has the royal bloodline of the Iron-eating Beasts. It’s one in ten thousand and belongs to a special atavism situation. However, if its parents aren’t strong enough, it might cause it to fail in awakening its bloodline at birth. From the looks of it, it should have failed in awakening its bloodline. To be able

to survive under such circumstances, its luck is very good.”

Shi Yu and the others: (° A*| |||)

Shi Yu was a little confused.

Iron-eating beasts and so-called royal clans?

Bloodline awakening failed?

So, what Zhong Xuan meant was that Eleven’s weak body when she was young was the fault of her bloodline awakening failing?

Eleven: Wu wu wu?

In front of a monster like Chong Xuan, it didn’t dare to show its aura as the Panda King.

However, Zhong Xuan’s words made Eleven fall into deep thought.

It was really the Panda King?

“You mean that Eleven is from the royal family of the iron-eating beasts? Moreover, is there a way to awaken its bloodline again?” Shi Yu asked.

Zhong Xuan: “Of course.”

“Compared to ordinary iron-eating beasts, the royal families of iron-eating beasts can automatically awaken deterrence not long after they are born. They no longer need to reach the monarch level to awaken. Deterrence will also become their racial skill.”

“Apart from that, the royal family of the iron-eating beasts are warlike, have strong willpower, astonishing appetite, and very tenacious vitality. They also have special racial talent, which is not what ordinary iron-eating beasts can compare to.”

“How is it? Do you want it to awaken its royal bloodline?”

Shi Yu was instantly excited.

Holy shit.

Deterrence turned into a racial skill?

Although the skill of deterrence could be automatically awakened when a pet reached the monarch level, it was not the racial skill of every pet.

Only the special royals of the pet races had racial skill deterrence. The unified characteristic of them was that they could automatically awaken deterrence at the Awakening level without waiting for the monarch level.

Deterrence was indeed useful. Shi Yu had already maxed out Eleven’s Deterrence. Unfortunately, the skill index could no longer be upgraded, which meant that the current Deterrence was not Eleven’s racial skill at all.

But according to Zhong Xuan, if Eleven became the royal family of the iron-eating beasts, then deterrence might be converted into a racial skill and raised to the level of Dao Proficiency?

“Can I?” Shi Yu realized that this Senior Turtle was surprisingly friendly.

‘As expected of an auspicious beast.

This turn of events was simply auspicious.

“Bullshit, why should I help you?” Zhong Xuan said.

Shi Yu, Eleven:

Shi Yu’s fist, which was holding the Ice Dragon Blade, hardened. How hateful.

He took back what he said just now.. This Chong Xuan had the same nasty personality as the owner of the Dragon Blood Turtle