Chapter 240 - The Identity Of The Stone Mirror’S Master

Chapter 240 The Identity of the Stone Mirror’s Master

Using five million to conveniently get a tool from the totem era… He could sell it for tens of billions?

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The atmosphere became weird. Lu Qingyi and White Brook looked at Shi Yu with question marks in their eyes. Human language? They suspected that Shi Yu was bragging, but they felt that he wasn’t. After all, Shi Yu had also done many ridiculous things in the past. The two of them didn’t find it strange anymore.

There was silence… “Let’s go to my house first.” After White Brook hesitated, she said, “Just now, my parents called me and said that dinner will be ready soon.”

“Alright.” Shi Yu nodded and said, “It’s not convenient to talk here either.”

Lu Qingyi and White Brook were silent again. This guy was serious…

“Then let Buggy bring us over. Senior, you’ll guide us?” Shi Yu touched his head and laughed.

Buggy…. “Alright.” White Brook agreed.

Under White Brook’s navigation, Buggy quickly brought the three of them to half the city area and arrived at White Brook’s house.

Although the Bai family was a large family, White Brook’s family lived independently. The family of three lived in a large manor. “So luxurious…”

Outside the manor, after White Brook confirmed that there was no problem with the destination Buggy had arrived at, Shi Yu said in confusion.

This area felt more than ten times larger than the Ping Cheng villa President Feng had given him?

A family of three? Then, Shi Yu saw a huge kennel nearly 100 square meters in front of the manor. It was probably prepared for a certain pet. Shi Yu :”…” Then it was fine. His brain quickly analyzed. Senior Panda’s family was the richest family in Ping Cheng. Ping Cheng was an ordinary suburb of Icefield City, a second-level city… As for Wu Ling City, it was ranked at the top of the development rankings in the second-level city. The Bai family was the richest family in Wu Ling… He understood.

Super rich woman.

After White Brook arrived at her door, she stretched.

When she heard Shi Yu’s words, she smiled and said, “It’s alright, Senior Lu’s house is more luxurious.”

Shi Yu: “?”

Lu Qingyi’s expression was calm. “Is that so?”

Shi Yu muttered in his heart that it was quite possible…

Although the title of the richest man in Wu Ling was already very impressive, Lu Qingyi’s grandfather was the principal of Ancient Capital University. He worked in three top departments part-time and even had a relationship with the guardian. He was once a legendary Beast Tamer. Lu Qingyi herself was also a genius of Bureau 11. Her family situation would probably be scarier…

Compared to the beast-eared girl, Senior Lu was no longer a rich second-generation heir. Just her identity alone was already an absolute rich first-generation super rich woman. Shi Yu didn’t want to work hard anymore. “Can’t always freeload. I’m the one who’s richer now.” However, after analyzing it, Shi Yu quickly abandoned the thought of reaping benefits without sowing. He could already be self-sufficient, and he was no longer the poor guy who wanted to sell worm silk to become rich!

Ignoring everything else, just the price of the stone mirror he had just obtained was difficult to estimate. Of course, Shi Yu definitely wouldn’t sell it.

“Miss, you’re back.”

After Shi Yu and the others arrived at the entrance of the manor, a servant quickly appeared inside. “Wu ~” At this moment, Buggy lay weakly on Shi Yu’s shoulder and asked if it could go back and rest. [Go, go, go!] Shi Yu said. Buggy still couldn’t do it. It had only done this little work today and it was already tired. And this was just running traffic in a city. In the future, if he needed to use teleportation to travel from the ancient capital to Ping Cheng, wouldn’t Buggy be even weaker? Or, he could teleport from Dong Huang to other countries. Shi Yu fell into deep thought. Well… this might be a little difficult for Buggy. Even if Buggy reached the overlord level, it probably couldn’t. If he wanted it to be more convenient, it looked like he still had to have his mechanical pet.

The beast-eared girl had said that her parents walked the business path in the family. They were businessmen and were in charge of the family’s business. However, when Shi Yu saw the other party, he realized that he had imagined their image wrongly. They didn’t look like an entrepreneur or businessman at all. Instead, they looked more like a fighter than White Brook.

Father Bai was nearly two meters tall and had a tall and sturdy figure. The white suit he was wearing couldn’t hide his muscles at all. Mother Bai was also 1.8 meters tall. She was tall and had a single ponytail that only battle workers had.

This made Shi Yu wonder what was wrong with Senior White Brook’s petite figure. “Qingyi is here.” “Long time no see.” After the few of them entered the manor, Father Bai and Mother Bai happened to come out to welcome them. When they saw the three of them, they immediately smiled. “This must be Shi Yu. We often hear Little Xi mention you. Welcome, welcome. Don’t be too polite. Treat this place as your home.” “Uncle Bai, Aunt Bai.” Lu Qingyi smiled. “Uncle, Auntie, hello, sorry to disturb you,” Shi Yu also greeted. After the two of them greeted each other, they handed the gifts they had prepared in advance to Father Bai and Mother Bai. It was rare for them to visit, so they couldn’t come empty-handed. Next, under the hospitality of his parents, Shi Yu and the others enjoyed a big meal. The servants kept taking out hot delicacies from the kitchen.

Shi Yu could tell that although it looked like a family of three, there were many servants and chefs in the entire manor. There were also a lot of people who took care of the plants and ornamental pets in the manor. This made Shi Yu sigh again how good it was to be rich. He even had the thought of raising some ornamental pets other than contracted pets to show off his love. Many Beast Tamers with a telepathy talent had a second pet that they didn’t contract. This was very normal! This was the correct way to use the telepathy talent.

“I heard from Xiaoxi that the three of you are going to participate in the martial arts conference this time?”

At the dining table, Nanny Bai asked Shi Yu and Lu Qingyi curiously. “Huh?! Huh?”

Shi Yu, who had just finished drinking a mouthful of fruit juice, saw that the conversation had changed from Father Bai and Mother Bai praising his various archeological and Feeding achievements to talking about the martial arts conference. Just as he answered, he suddenly felt that something was wrong. “Senior Lu is also participating??” Shi Yu looked at Lu Qingyi in surprise. “Of course.” Beside him, White Brook snorted. Otherwise, how did Shi Yu think she convinced Lu Qingyi?

It was because Senior Lu wanted to participate

too.

“I’ve also contracted an undead who has mastered the possession skill recently.” Lu Qingyi smiled. “Ah…” Shi Yu was stunned. She really contracted it? Back then, Lu Qingyi realized that Shi Yu’s possession state was pretty good. She said that she would try contracting a similar undead if she had the chance. Shi Yu originally thought that it was a joke, but he didn’t expect that after a few months, Senior Lu really contracted one… “What undead?” Shi Yu asked. “It’s a secret. You’ll know at the martial arts conference.”

Lu Qingyi’s tone suddenly became a little nervous. After she contracted this undead… After possessing it, it looked good… But… the style of change was a little special. She felt that she couldn’t control it a little.

“Haha, Qingyi is much more reserved than when she was young.” Father Bai couldn’t help but say, “She’s completely different from when she was young.” “Yes.” Mother Bai also smiled.

The one who agreed the most was White Brook. When she was young, she and Senior Lu had played house. The two of them were originally lovey dovey friends, but when they grew up, Lu Qingyi just drifted away. It was too much. At this moment, Shi Yu fell into deep thought. It was fine if Senior White Brook participated, but there were probably many master-level Beast Tamers in the martial arts conference. Why was Senior Lu, a top-notch master, also participating? Oh shit, the competition ranking would be for number two now.

After dinner.

White Brook brought Shi Yu and Lu Qingyi to the residence prepared for them. On the way, Shi Yu also started to talk about what happened on Antique Street. When the two of them heard about selling an antique to save a mother, about how Shi Yu successfully listened to the Voice of History… They were confused Lu Qingyi found it very difficult to accept. “You, you heard the Voice of History again??” This was clearly something that depended on luck and opportunities. Why did it… happen so frequently on Shi Yu! “What kind of luck is this?” White Brook was also stunned.

She had heard from her grandfather that entrusting something with a major historical process and extremely historical value might not necessarily produce a “historical spirit”, but an ancient item that produced a “historical spirit” would definitely have gone through a major historical process or have extreme historical value.

Shi Yu had heard history, which meant that he had indeed encountered a precious antique.

“What is it? What did you see? What’s the origin of it?” Lu Qingyi couldn’t help but ask. “I don’t know its origin, but… I saw its function.” Shi Yu smiled and casually took out a stone mirror. Then, he asked the beast-eared girl, “Can I use the plants here?”

He casually pointed at a beautiful flower by the roadside.

“Sure, they’re just decorations,” White Brook said.

This was a level-one resource, the Heart-Clearing Flower. The fragrance of the flower could make one feel comfortable. Apart from that, it was beautiful.

At this moment, Shi Yu held the stone mirror and aimed at the blue Heart-Clearing Flower. He muttered to himself,

[Change!) [Change!) Previously, Shi Yu had discovered that thinking of saying those words could also be used with stone mirrors. Out of consideration for his image, Shi Yu chose mental spells. At this moment, under his experiment, the stone mirror directly released a white light that shone on the Heart-Clearing Flower. Then, a scene that shocked Lu Qingyi and White Brook occurred.

After the Heart-Clearing Flower that was planted in the soil was enveloped by the light, its body gradually enlarged in the light, and its life aura multiplied. Then, from an unconscious spiritual plant to an Awakening-level flower demon! “Ning.” The Heart-Clearing Flower Demon glanced at the three of them and pulled out its feet in confusion. It wanted to leave, but after thinking about it, it stuck itself back in and released a little sweetness. As if nothing had happened. “Ning! Ning!”

Lu Qingyi and White Brook:!!! “The function of this stone mirror is similar to the ‘Awakening Talent’. I feel that it’s a family heirloom left behind by a legendary big boss of the totem era who had an ‘Awakening Talent’. It might also be a toy?” “Although it wasn’t very useful in ancient times, with the Mechanic class now, this thing is worth tens of billions. It’s not too much, right?” Shi Yu smiled and said. After a legendary Beast Tamer died, they could inherit the Beast Taming Space. Some more powerful legendary Beast Tamers also had the ability to combine their Beast Taming Talent and modify the Beast Taming Space. For example, that was how the Time Ruins of the Imperial Capital University came about. Shi Yu felt that this stone mirror was similar, but he didn’t know why it didn’t have spatial effects. Perhaps it was just a part of the ruins space?

“A tool that can awaken life???” At this moment, as Shi Yu finished showing it, White Brook’s eyes widened completely. Her eyes gradually turned into two lemons.

Just as Shi Yu had said, today, with the modern Mechanic class, this thing was definitely a top-notch divine weapon. White Brook, who had seen Gao Xuan’s overlord race machinery, knew very well the value of this thing. “Ahhh.” She cried out in pain and said, “Why, why am I not a telepathy talent? Why can’t I pick up treasures? You archeologists are cheating.” “Shi Yu-assemble a mechanical pet for me someday, alright!” White Brook couldn’t wait to hug Shi Yu. It wasn’t that her Fusion Talent couldn’t fuse with machines. It was also possible to transform into a puppet. “Don’t come over…” Shi Yu hurriedly stopped White Brook. Men and women shouldn’t touch each other.

What she loved was the stone mirror, the overlord machinery! Not him!

Beside White Brook, Lu Qingyi smiled bitterly. Could she not compare Shi Yu with the other archeologists? Even the other members of Bureau 11 didn’t listen to the voice of history as often as Shi Yu!

Moreover, Shi Yu’s luck… Lu Qingyi’s stomach hurt. However, she could still accept it. This thing was indeed very valuable, but in her eyes, what made her even more envious was actually the key to the Mythical Ruins left behind by Emperor Shi with huge risks. After that stimulation, this was nothing. After all, this one’s upper limit was an overlord machinery and the other was a Mythical creature. “You just said that this stone mirror is an antique from the totem era 6,000 to 7,000 years ago?” Lu Qingyi suddenly asked. “Yes.”

“When you used it just now, did you use telepathy to chant a strange spell?” Shi Yu :”…” Shi Yu opened his mouth slightly and looked at Senior Lu, suspecting that her telepathy could read minds. How did she know?

“Looking at your expression, it’s a yes.” Lu Qingyi was stunned. “If it was in that period, then perhaps I know the origin of this thing.” After Lu Qingyi pondered, her expression suddenly became serious.

“You know its origin?” Shi Yu was stunned.

He only knew the use of the stone mirror by listening to history. He was confused about the origin of the stone mirror. How did Senior Lu know?

“As expected of Senior Lu!” White Brook said. Shi Yu :”…” Alright, Shi Yu didn’t deny Lu Qingyi’s power. Lu Qingyi was also the one who helped him determine the origin and usage of the Space-time Key left behind by Emperor Shi. In terms of historical knowledge, Lu Qingyi was indeed stronger. “Have you heard of the ‘Yue Maiden’?” Lu Qingyi asked.

“Who is that?” White Brook was at a loss.

“A certain figure from the totem era?”

Shi Yu asked. “Yes, he’s indeed a figure from the totem era.” Lu Qingyi nodded. “What about her?” Shi Yu said. “The stone mirror is hers?”

Currently, the history textbooks of Dong Huang only taught the history of the Beast Taming Era.

Just the Beast Taming Era for more than two thousand years had ten important historical gaps. As for older years of the totem era hundreds of millions of years ago, the records were even fewer.

Even through Bureau 11’s channels, Shi Yu didn’t know much.

In that era, humans still lived in the form of totem clans, and the Beast Taming System had yet to be perfected. Although there might have been many Legendary Beast Tamers, or even titled legendary Beast Tamers, in the absence of a great unification of language, ability system, and tribal factions, the current humans had almost no channels to understand that era.

The reason why the later generations understood the few dynasties of the Beast Taming Era more clearly was that the language was unified by Emperor Shi, and the Beast Taming System was organized and divided into nine grades by the Emperor Shi Dynasty. Of course, although the modern era didn’t know much about the totem era, it was certain that a large number of humans were definitely active in the totem era. Moreover, humans were born very early and had existed for a very long time. When and who was the first to develop the Beast Taming Ability was still a mystery. “I don’t know much either. I only know her name and ability. This stone mirror might be the work of a ‘Yue Maiden’.” “But if it is, it’s definitely not formed by her Beast Taming Talent.” “Not only this stone mirror, but this Yue Maiden has many other works that have been passed down. They played a big role in the Beast Taming Era.” Shi Yu and White Brook cast curious gazes. Lu Qingyi said, “The Yue Maiden is a human Beast Tamer from the totem era. Her Beast Taming Talent is’ Plunder’.”

“She can extract the ability of transcendent creatures and give it to undead, transforming it into a precious artifact. She can also extract the Beast Taming Talent of other human Beast Tamers and give it to undead to form a precious artifact. It’s an ability feared by both humans and transcendent creatures.” “Although it’s been very long, a few works of the ‘Yue Maiden’ have still been passed down. They were obtained and used by ancient archeologists. The precious artifacts she created have a unified characteristic, which is that they need to use some strange passwords to activate them. Although she should have created many precious artifacts, the passwords should be the most important reason why these works of hers have been lost…”

Lu Qingyi looked at Shi Yu and said, “So, you should have heard the command to use this stone mirror, right?” “Yes…” Shi Yu nodded undeniably, but he was shocked by something else. “It can draw the Beast Taming Talent of other Beast Tamers??” White Brook was also shocked.

“There’s such a talent??” White Brook couldn’t help but ask.

This was too sick. It sounded creepy. Lu Qingyi said, “Probably, but in history, only the Yue Maiden has this talent. And what’s certain is that if this talent is exposed, no matter which era it is, it will probably be rejected. It’s normal that you haven’t heard of it.”

Shi Yu felt guilty. This talent was too much, too wicked!

His replication talent was only replication, after all, and it was only targeted at transcendent creatures. It didn’t snatch the ability. This plundering talent actually extracted the ability directly and was even effective on humans… Wasn’t this just too much?

After Shi Yu heard that, he was instantly extremely afraid of this “Yue Maiden”. He felt that the stone mirror in his hand was a little hot. However, considering that this Yue girl was an ancient from thousands of years ago and that Imperial Capital was thousands of years younger than her, Shi Yu endured it. It was mainly because Shi Jing couldn’t bear to lose it…

“At the moment, in Dong Huang, there might not be more than five Yue Maiden Treasures preserved until now, including yours…” Lu Qingyi said.” In short, we’re still very lucky.” “This might be an important opportunity for you to explore the totem era in the future.” Shi Yu: “I’m tired…”

There were a bunch of problems in the Beast Taming Era alone. The totem era was too difficult to deal with.

Very few archeologists in the archeological world of Dong Huang nowadays focused on the totem era. The exploration was basically the Beast Taming Era and the farther Mythical Era. As for the totem era, it was too messy. The exploration was difficult and wasn’t worth much. “I’m tired too, but I’m not tired anymore.” Lu Qingyi suddenly said, “Let’s go to Shi Yu’s residence directly. I want to discuss with him.” White Brook:??? “What!” White Brook was shocked. It was late at night. It wasn’t appropriate for a man and a woman to be alone!

“We still have to go to the martial arts ruins registration meeting tomorrow. Everyone… rest early,” she suggested.