Chapter 243 - Iron-Eating Beast Knight Thunder Flame Form

Chapter 243: Iron-eating Beast Knight Thunder Flame Form

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator:

Atlas Studios

Editor:

Atlas Studios

Shi Yu realized that Senior Lu seemed to like wind-element pets a lot.

The Wind Demon Lion was wind-element, and the Green Spirit Wind Bird was wind- element. Now, this elf undead was also wind-element.

There were already three wind-element creatures.

It would be fine if Senior Lu had a wind-element strengthening talent, but the key was that she had a telepathy talent. Normal people basically wouldn’t do this.

‘Was wind really that attractive?

Shi Yu’s gaze stopped on Senior Lu.

Under the illumination of the star jade condensed from the wind elements, the wind condensed into a white robe, and her clothes all turned white, shining.

According to Shi Yu’s impression, apart from a small number of special races, such as blood elves, most of the elves in Ting Xiang were natural pets with extremely outstanding elemental talent.

At the moment, the wind element power was Lu Qingyi’s best weapon. She relied on the reverse whirlwind to easily resist the power of the rock pillar.

“30 seconds.”

Soon, 30 seconds had passed since Lu Qingyi went on stage. Below, White Brook silently counted.

On the high platform, the two recorders also swallowed their saliva and looked at the violent scene in front of them.

31… 32… 33… 34.

Lu Qingyi easily exceeded White Brook’s results.

“Is this Dr. Lu?”

The passers-by had only heard of Lu Qingyi’s famous name and knew that she was known as the younger generation most likely to become a legend, but they had never seen Lu Qingyi’s strength with their own eyes.

But now, as she displayed strength that exceeded anyone before, even the master-level contestants, it directly convinced everyone.

At this moment, Lu Qingyi seemed to be wrapped in a huge wind domain. The semicircular wind domain and the earth-brown pressure condensed by the rock pillar squeezed together. The scene was extremely spectacular.

Boom!!!

Under the collision of the wind domain and the deterrence domain, brown electric arcs shot out in the sky, indicating that the strength levels of both parties were at an extremely high level. However, the Platform was set up by Emperor Wu after all, and it didn’t give anyone a chance to slack off.

Even if Lu Qingyi, who was possessed by an elf, had a storm-like power in her body at this moment… As time passed, she frowned in the face of the increasingly ridiculous deterrence power.

Boom!!!

‘The wind pressure raised by Lu Qingyi began to be pushed back. The domain wrapped around Lu Qingyi gradually shrank. In the next moment, a light purple miniature summoning array appeared in her hand. A seed fell from it and fused into her palm.

In the blink of an eye, the patterns in her light purple pupils changed slightly, forming a complicated flower pattern.

“It’s Senior Lu’s Imperial Concubine Flower..”

“The flower seeds of the Imperial Concubine Flower can be integrated into the Beast Tamer’s body to increase the Beast Tamer’s mental strength.”

Below, White Brook said to Shi Yu.

Shi Yu, who was hugging his arm, discovered that the “new race” energy value with Senior Lu as the main body had indeed made a breakthrough.

Boom!

At this moment, Lu Qingyi’s aura increased again. She also emitted a strong deterrence and fused into the wind pressure. Unfortunately, this action only allowed her to last two more seconds. Soon, the deterrence swept up violently again.

Amoment later, a few seconds had passed. Even if Lu Qingyi had already worked very hard, the wind domain still directly collapsed. The violent deterrence directly crushed her body.

“Sigh.” After discovering that she couldn’t withstand the power of the rock pillar either, Lu Qingyi was very helpless. At this moment, everyone held their breaths, wanting to see how Lu Qingyi struggled and resisted against the final deterrence, but…

Ascene that stunned everyone happened directly. An even stronger deterrence attacked. Lu Qingyi directly disappeared and appeared outside the arena ina flash.

‘The deterrence lost its target and was stunned on the spot.

Everyone: *?”

Lu Qingyi: “It’s about the limit, I’ll stop.”

If she continued to resist, she would be as miserable as White Brook. In any case, her results would definitely enter the main competition. Lu Qingyi wasn’t interested in showing her limit in front of so many people.

With that said, she slowly walked towards the stunned Shi Yu and White Brook. At the same time, the elements of the elves on her slowly disappeared and returned to normal. She smiled.

“Holy shit.”

“She went down just like that?”

“She went down himself?”

Seeing Lu Qingyi’s operation, the audience was directly stunned. This worked?

Compared to the outcome of the others, they didn’t think that this was Lu Qingyi’s limit. Even if she struggled, she could still struggle for extra seconds.

However, Lu Qingyi didn’t seem to have this intention.

Everyone looked at the two recorders.

At this moment, their expressions were also a little painful. Holy shit, this was the first time someone played like this in the strength verification segment of the martial arts conference and took the initiative to leave.

She could instantly retreat under that pressure… This was obviously not her limit!

But the key was…

“Time, 37.21 seconds.”

Everyone fell silent.

At that moment, Lu Qingyi’s results were directly first among all the contestants who had already participated in the certification.

Even if he was already in his forties, he still wanted to call Lu Qingyi big boss at this moment.

‘Was this the capricious capital of a big boss?

With this result, if she persisted for another second and made herself look miserable, resulting in her wasting a supplement to heal… It was indeed not very meaningful.

“37 seconds… Compared, three seconds more than me!”

‘As the other passers-by were stunned, White Brook directly looked at Lu Qingyi with tears in her eyes.

“When you break through to my level, you’ll definitely do better than me,” Lu Qingyi said with a smile.

She mainly took advantage of her level. In terms of physical fitness under the same level, she was definitely inferior to White Brook.

“Well, do you want supplements?” Shi Yu felt that Senior Lu shouldn’t need them.

“You should keep it for yourself later.”

After the short conversation between Shi Yu and Lu Qingyi, although they were very shocked by Lu Qingyi’s results and were very surprised by the uninvited guest of this martial arts conference, the strength certification segment still had to continue as soon as possible. The two recorders on the high

platform could only continue,

“Number 111, Shi Yu.”

At this moment, everyone was still immersed in Lu Qingyi’s performance and had yet to recover. They whispered about Lu Qingyi’s possession performance just now. However, as Shi Yu was about to go on stage, they were stunned. They stopped discussing and looked at Shi Yu together.

As for Shi Yu, after taking a deep breath, he also walked towards the arena nervously.

Compared to Senior Lu and White Brook, who knew that they would definitely be able to enter the main competition, he was speechless.

One of the two was a top-notch master, while the other was an ordinary master. Shi Yu, a high-level Beast Tamer, trembled.

His goal wasn’t high. He just had to get close to Senior White Brook.

He just didn’t know if he could reach his limit…

Unlike Lu Qingyi, he planned to see where his limit was.

Shi Yu was very interested in these training facilities. After all, he still had to do archeology next. He wanted to establish a deeper connection with these facilities as much as possible and explore more of their power.

However, all of this depended on whether Eleven and Chi Tong’s Iron-eating Beast Knight combination was impressive.

Soon, Shi Yu boarded the arena.

“Tl do it too!”

After stepping onto the arena, Shi Yu’s mind was active as he looked in the direction of the rock pillar.

Boom!

In the next moment, an invisible pressure enveloped Shi Yu.

Standing in the arena, Shi Yu didn’t do anything. He was actually like White Brook and Lu Qingyi previously, relying on his body and spirit to resist the pressure!

This scene stunned the surrounding Beast Tamers. Ten seconds was actually very fast. When they reacted, more than ten seconds had already passed in the arena. The transparent deterrence wave had already turned into a storm that wrapped around Shi Yu, but Shi Yu still didn’t move at all.

Seeing this scene, everyone’s mouths opened slightly…

As they were stunned, another few seconds passed. In the blink of an eye, 20 seconds passed. The pressure also reached the commander rank strength standard.

Now, it was almost equivalent to a commander-level ferocious beast that had mastered deterrence above transcendent. It was continuously releasing its pressure at Shi Yu!

At the same time, the power of this ferocious beast was still increasing continuously!

“Tknew it!”

Below, White Brook pouted. She looked at the expressionless Shi Yu and really wanted to know how Shi Yu trained his body.

‘When other high-level Beast Tamers’ pets faced such a level of deterrence, they would instantly lose their will to fight.

Shi Yu was good. He didn’t use the power of his pet at all and actually relied on his physique to withstand it.

21 seconds, 22 seconds, 23 seconds…

“Holy shit.”

Everyone’s expressions gradually froze. They felt that it was getting more and more ridiculous.

Forget about the first two. White Brook came from a martial arts family and had a combination talent. She was also a master, so it was normal for her physique to be strong. As for Lu Qingyi, her Beast Taming level was higher, which meant that her physique had a higher lower limit. They were all Beast

Tamers who had contracted monarch-level pets. If they could withstand the deterrence of a commander-level pet, everyone would accept it, but, but…

Shi Yu was definitely not at the master level!

Moreover, Shi Yu definitely didn’t bring any mental equipment. They looked at the simple Shi Yu in the panda shirt and didn’t see any equipment reaction from him at all. It was completely Shi Yu himself resisting the pressure with his body!

“This, how is this possible!!!”

Many people widened their eyes, wondering if they had counted the wrong number.

Soon, the time Shi Yu lasted was about the same as White Brook and Lu Qingyi. This meant that Shi Yu’s physique was not inferior to White Brook and Lu Qingyi, who were one or two levels higher than him.

Seeing this, White Brook and Lu Qingyi’s eyelids twitched.

“This guy.”

Only they themselves knew how much it had cost to train their physiques to this extent, to the point where they far exceeded Beast Tamers of the same level. But now, this physique actually appeared on a high-level Beast Tamer, making them involuntarily doubt life.

“It’s about time.”

At the same time, Shi Yu gradually felt the pressure and felt his mind starting to hurt. He felt his body starting to hurt, so he stopped persisting and directly summoned his pet.

‘The green summoning array representing a high-level Beast Tamer appeared in midair. In the next moment, a “Wuu” sound was heard.

Soon, a small Iron-eating Beast fell from the midair array into Shi Yu’s hand. Shi Yu pinched the Iron-eating Beast and immediately obtained a huge amount of power.

“Wu wu wu.”

You’re not a screaming chicken, stop crying!

“Sob.”

During this process, everyone could clearly notice a slight change in Shi Yu’s skin. It was as if an invisible armor wrapped around Shi Yu’s body, causing his body to emit a metallic luster.

Not only that, in the hardening layer, a transparent deterrence wave wrapped around Shi Yu’s body, forming a second armor that wrapped and protected Shi Yu!

“It’s the Hardening of the Iron-eating Beast! Transcendent Level Hardening Release, Entanglement!”

Many people present had heard of the famous name of Shi Yu’s Iron-eating Beast Knight. At this moment, when they saw the little Iron-eating Beast adding its strength to Shi Yu, their expressions immediately became intense.

“It’s here, it’s coming.”

“But… the posture seems a little wrong.”

Sit on it!

Iron-eating Beast Knight!

‘What was the use of pinching such a small Iron-eating Beast!

At this moment, with Eleven’s hardening, Shi Yu’s physical strength increased again. It was easy for him to resist the commander-level deterrence.

In the blink of an eye, the deterrence level reached the critical value of commander rank and monarch rank, reaching 30s.

At that moment, the audience was very numb.

Although 30 seconds represented the peak of the commander rank, this result was also very ridiculous for a high-level Beast Tamer like Shi Yu, with Shi Yu’s monster-like personal physique as a foundation, they could still accept this fact.

They only wanted to know if Shi Yu could break through the limit of 30 seconds!

At this moment.

‘As 30 seconds arrived, even with the full-strength hardening and deterrence entanglement, Shi Yu felt the pressure again. A huge pressure attacked, and time seemed to have stopped. Every second began to feel like a year to Shi Yu.

“30 seconds.”

As he arrived at 30 seconds, Shi Yu knew that the most critical moment had arrived. Whether he could last another second was very important.

At this moment, many people also stopped breathing. They knew that the next turning point was very important.

They looked at the rock pillar. In an instant, the venue was blurred. It was covered by a substantial brown pressure, as if the sky had collapsed. An even more terrifying pressure directly covered Shi Yu.

Unlike the fused White Brook, which released deterrence resistance and the possessed Lu Qingyi using wind pressure to resist deterrence, Shi Yu, who relied on hardening entanglement to resist the pressure, looked very small.

A powerful monarch-level pressure attacked, making everyone’s hearts freeze. They didn’t know if Shi Yu could still persist.

However, at this moment…

‘As the weakest monarch-level pressure descended, Shi Yu also began to display new strength. His sudden eruption shocked everyone.

Boom!!!

A huge aura erupted from Shi Yu’s body. The skill, Possession, was very special. It could be directly activated by a pet in the Beast Taming Space. Now, with Chi Tong, a high-level overlord race whose energy level had already exceeded that of Buggy, possessing Shi Yu’s aura… He erupted like a volcano. A

shocking flame lingered in Shi Yu’s eyes.

A dazzling aura shot into the sky and headed for the pressure!

“After possession, 500,000 energy points.”

At this moment, Lu Qingyi had already put on her glasses again. Under the display of the index, she muttered about the new battle power after Chi Tong’s max-level possession and Shi Yu’s powerful physique overlapped.

It directly reached the standard of a commander race’s monarch level.

“What!” Beside him, White Brook was slightly shocked. However, when she thought of Shi Yu’s physique and Chi Tong’s race, she was relieved. In any case, Shi Yu’s Buggy was even more ridiculous.

As the pressure descended, Shi Yu entered the possession state. Under the blooming of his strength, the aura that surged into the sky reached more than ten meters high. It instantly suppressed the power of the pressure back, making the pressure domain totter!

“This…”

Everyone widened their eyes and looked at Shi Yu.

At this moment, in the flames, Shi Yu’s entire body was wrapped in fiery red flames. His hair color was instantly dyed red, and his pupils tuned into Chi Tong. The fierce spiritual aura that was like the flames of the sun flickered and shone. At this moment, Shi Yu’s entire body seemed to have become thinner

but more powerful, as if he had entered the domain of gods.

Such a change instantly made the surrounding Beast Tamers speechless. For a short period of time, they could only stare blankly at everything.

“31 seconds.”

Next, every second was a race against time. At the most critical moment, Shi Yu’s Spirit continued to erupt during his counting process. At this moment, after helping Eleven resist the monarch-level pressure, the restrained Eleven also joined the battlefield. It directly jumped down and its body slowly

enlarged.

“Roar!!!”

Shi Yu resisted the pressure in front. Behind him, Eleven instantly turned from a small Iron-eating Beast about 0.3 meters into a huge beast more than ten meters tall. All of this happened in half a second. In the fire spiritual energy, Shi Yu raised his head slightly and his body floated up. At the same time,

Eleven, who had become a huge beast, stretched out his arm and stretched out a huge palm for Shi Yuluo to hold in his palm.

“It might be difficult to do this in battle, but now..”

“32 seconds!”

Boom!

‘The pressure strengthened further. Shi Yu, who was in the possession state, felt a huge pressure again. He felt that his and Little Chi Tong’s strength couldn’t withstand it, but at this moment, the light of evolution shone on Eleven.

Ascene that made everyone’s eyes widen happened again. Under the white evolution light, the Little Iron-eating Beast’s body expanded further. In the blink of an eye, it reached a huge height of 50 to 60 meters, about the size of the rock pillar. Its huge size was shocking.

“This…”

At this moment, Shi Yu was still standing on the palm filled with the light of evolution, resisting the deterrence with his and Chi Tong’s Yang flames. In the next moment, Eleven’s full appearance after evolution appeared. A huge beast with blue eyes that were 50 to 60 meters tall and covered in black and

silver armor was looking at the rock pillar disdainfully.

At this moment, as the evolution light dissipated, what replaced the white light was the powerful lightning that erupted from the Nine Li Battle Beast’s body. The blue and white lightning instantly turned into Thunder God Armor and wrapped around Eleven’s body. Moreover, it flowed towards Shi Yu, who

was standing in its palm!

At this moment, Shi Yu’s expression was calm. He raised his arm and a flaming sword condensed in his hand before slowly descending.

With a loud bang, the fire spiritual energy on Shi Yu’s body instantly fused with the lightning. At this moment, there was blue lightning lingering on Shi Yu’s body, and orange and red Yang flames flowing. Under the interweaving of the two intertwining powers, Shi Yu’s aura increased further!

With the Interlocking Sword as the core, the sword pressure that fused the power of lightning and the power of yang instantly displayed power that exceeded the limit.

Boom!!!

Inan instant, the Thunder Flame Sword Suppression domain that bloomed in front of Shi Yu, the huge power of thunder flames that surged into the sky, and the pressure condensed into an earth-brown color from the rock pillar pressed against each other. The shocking collision sounds lingered in the air,

making everyone look at Shi Yu in the huge beast’s palm in a daze.

Many people knew that Shi Yu was an Iron-eating Beast Knight.

However, the impression of Shi Yu riding a giant panda and holding a wooden sword still lingered.

Now, under the support of the huge beast that was dozens of meters tall, the power that erupted from Shi Yu’s body directly stimulated everyone’s values.

“Energy value, 1.5 million.”

At this moment, even Lu Qingyi, this proud daughter of heaven, narrowed her eyes. Under the fusion of the Interlocking Sword, the power of lightning and Yang flames after the eruption of the Eleven Maximum Level Giant Transformation directly displayed an effect of one plus one equaling to more than

two, forming a ridiculously high level power of thunder flames, causing the energy on Shi Yu’s body to undergo a qualitative change!!

“33 seconds!”

Shi Yu ignored the serious injuries his body gradually suffered from the tearing of the lightning flames and spoke excitedly. This pressure was inferior to Mu Huiyin’s test. It could be endured. He looked straight at the rock pillar and felt that reaching White Brook might be difficult, but wasn’t it impossible to

get close?

Boom!

In this second, the collision of the two forces had also reached a ridiculous level. The audience was stunned, and the recorder glanced at the time in disbelief.

At this moment, every second was worth thinking about seriously. Golden flames filled the sky, and under the flickering of lightning, the power of thunder flames that erupted from Shi Yu’s body directly intertwined with the pressure released by the rock pillar to produce black lightning!

Boom, the rock pillar vibrated!

The violent collision was even more exaggerated than Lu Qingyi’s time.

However, no one noticed that a special program was surprisingly activated in the huge rock pillar in the arena.

It was as if Shi Yu, who was challenging deterrence in the arena, had accidentally reached a hidden condition.

At this moment, Shi Yu was willing to call the Iron-eating Beast Knight Thunder Flame Form the strongest battle tactic!

“That’s all? Next…”

Just as Shi Yu wanted to challenge the 34th second, just as everyone was looking at Shi Yu’s dazzling performance on the Nine Li Battle Beast’s palm in disbelief, something unexpected happened!

Boom!

Crack.

In the huge arena, the rock pillar suddenly cracked with a crack.

At the same time, the deterrence of the rock pillar was restrained crazily, and the vibration of the rock pillar was even more obvious. Cracks kept appearing on it, suddenly stunning everyone present and making them reveal blank expressions.

“Holy shit!” Shi Yu was also shocked when he saw this change.

‘The mighty and domineering Eleven and him shuddered and instantly withered in fear, not knowing what had suddenly happened.

‘The surrounding Beast Tamers and the two masters who recorded the results instantly opened their mouths wide.

Holy shit.

‘What happened?

Rock… The rock pillar cracked?

Even if Shi Yu was very fierce, it couldn’t be…

Below, White Brook was originally shocked by Shi Yu’s performance. However, as the change occurred, she was suddenly stunned. She didn’t know what had happened.

Only Lu Qingyi spoke very calmly at the side. “You go and explain to Principal Feng yourself. You’re the one who brought Shi Yu to participate in the martial arts conference. The one in charge of guarding Emperor Wu Ruins… is also your Bai family. I don’t know anything.”

White Brook:???

She looked at the stunned Shi Yu and the stone pillar that had started to shatter on the arena. Although she didn’t know what had happened, she instantly put on the painful mask. Shi Yu… Shi Yu…

‘Thinking of Principal Feng’s instructions to let Shi Yu stay in school obediently, White Brook originally felt that he was making a big fuss, but now, she instantly understood. What a painful realization…

“Ah!!!!”