Chapter 241 - The Registration Crisis Of The Martial Arts Conference

Chapter 241: The Registration Crisis of the Martial Arts Conference

Translator:

Atlas Studios

Editor:

Atlas Studios

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The night passed quickly.

The next day.

Shi Yu was woken up early in the morning.

He originally wanted to sleep in more. The big bed in the rich lady’s house was more comfortable than his own, but he couldn’t stand White Brook dragging him and Lu Qingyi to register for the martial arts conference.

2

The registration for the martial arts conference was today, which was the last day. The competition would officially begin the day after tomorrow, so if they didn’t register today, they were basically not qualified to participate.

Although one of the organizers of the martial arts conference was the Wuling Bai Family, White Brook didn’t plan to use special privileges to register.

“Let’s go!”

After breakfast, White Brook said with full vitality.

“Can we set a successful segment today?”

Lu Qingyi held the promotional poster of the martial arts conference and pondered.

The martial arts conference was a competition without levels and age restrictions.

From Beast Trainers to Mythical Beast Tamers, they could participate.

Because of this, many people signed up.

Out of consideration for the effect of the competition, the competition authorities allowed the contestants to use the training facilities of Emperor Wu Ruins to determine their strength once after the registration martial arts conference.

The top 32 contestants whose strength was ranked could directly enter the main competition without participating in the preliminaries.

Of course, the contestants could also choose not to choose their strength, but that would have to slowly fight from the preliminaries.

1

For example, White Brook, Lu Qingyi, and Shi Yu definitely had to determine their strength. Fighting from the preliminaries was too tormenting.

“probably.”

“In short, we’ll do it as soon as possible.”

“Where’s Buggy?” White Brook asked.

[Buggy:… Wu wu wu!]

“Coming, coming.” Beside him, Shi Yu rubbed his eyes and released Buggy.

The dreamy Butterfly of Tools appeared in front of the three of them.3

Instant Transmission, activate!

‘Wu Ling City, Emperor Wu Ruins.

This was located in the center of Wu Ling City, one of Dong Huang’s famous historical sites.

The outside of the ruins was formed by nine stone pillars. The stone pillars were incomparably tall, reaching into the sky. They were connected to a fixed ruin space. This place was similar to the Heroic Spirit Ruins, and the area was fixed and couldn’t recognize a master.

There were nine different facilities in the ruins space. The facilities were all cultivation venues built to train the body.

According to the archeological discovery, this ruin was a training ground created by Emperor Wu to train his subordinates.

At the moment, the Dong Huang Association had already mastered the method to enter and exit these training facilities freely.

This martial arts conference would be held in Emperor Wu Ruins. During the martial arts conference, be it inside or outside Emperor Wu Ruins, it would temporarily be opened to the public.

As long as one bought tickets, regardless of whether it was contestants or tourists, they were qualified to enter the ruins space.

“The tickets are ten thousand yuan each, ten thousand yuan each.”

When he arrived near the destination, Shi Yu discovered a strange thing.

Many Beast Tamers outside the nine pillars were stunned. Because if they wanted to register, they had to enter the ruins space. And if they wanted to enter the ruins space, they had to buy tickets. The tickets were 10,000 yuan each.

Similarly, tourists who wanted to enter and visit and spectators who planned to watch the competition had to buy tickets.

“No wonder there are no restrictions on registration age and level. The tickets are expensive.”

Some people became depressed outside. This was a classic example of not looking at the rules before coming.

“Humph, young people. They’re not even willing to invest. If they miss this opportunity, they’ll have to wait another year.” After White Brook obtained three tickets, she saw a group of people conflicted outside and couldn’t help but laugh in her heart.

Every year, she would see a group of tourists who couldn’t bear to buy tickets.

Since they were already here, they had to go even if they borrowed the money.

“That’s too…” Shi Yu also muttered.

The ticket price was simply too cheap, alright?

One should definitely borrow money just for the ticket.

Of course, it was targeted at Beast Tamers who wanted to become stronger. Those who weren’t Beast Tamers were different.

It was secondary to buy a ticket and be able to enter to watch the competition. Most importantly, the lowest level of the predecessor of the ruins space was the level-seven Beast Taming Space. It was the Beast Taming Space of a legendary Beast Tamer. After a pet grew up inside for a day, its growth

experience was countless times greater than in the outside world.

Even if they couldn’t use the training facilities inside, even if they only brought their pets to sleep inside, there were a bunch of benefits.

If they found an empty space to train, the pet’s efficiency would be even more obvious.

The cost-effective ratio was definitely more than 10,000 yuan to buy nutritional supplements for the pet. It was not a loss for the Beast Tamer to buy a ticket.

Because Shi Yu had the ruins space, he naturally knew the benefits of the ruins space.

He also saw that Wu Ling City was using this ruins space and the martial arts conference to develop the tourism industry in Wu Ling City.

Back then, if the ruins of Emperor Wu had not been discovered by White Brook’s second grandfather, the Bai family and Wu Ling City might not have been as glorious as they were now.

This was also why Ping Cheng cared so much about the ruins space back then. After Ping Cheng’s Iron-eating Beast Feeding Space was completed, the benefits that the Village of Panda could bring to Ping Cheng would definitely allow Ping Cheng to soar into the sky, even if it couldn’t compare to this

martial arts conference.

“Let’s go in,” Lu Qingyi said.

Soon, a magical scene appeared.

A group of people saw the two beauties, Lu Qingyi and White Brook, walk through the security check and enter the teleportation area. They entered the ruins space and directly ran to buy tickets in pain.

If these two were also contestants and they could see their competition, then this ticket… was worth it.

In the ruins space.

The environment was identical to the outside world. It was still nine huge stone pillars that reached the sky. The world was one color, like a yellow primeval world.

However, compared to the empty outside world, several buildings had already been built in the center of the nine pillars in the ruins space.

As for outside the nine pillars, it was an even wider ruins space. The different cultivation facilities in the ruins of Emperor Wu were distributed there.

After entering the ruins space, Shi Yu and the others discovered a very different point. That was that there were many more Beast Tamers in strange clothes and strange looks here than in the outside world.

Shi Yu took a casual look and saw several strange people. The characteristics of the animals, plants, and even elements were very obvious.

There was a big man with bull horns, a strong figure, and a huge axe on his back. The characteristics of his head were obvious. He was clearly a Minotaur.

An uncle held a cigarette in his mouth. His feet, hands, and hair all turned into smoke as he floated around. He looked like a smoke man.

1

There were also girls wearing grass dresses with fairy wings. Flowers bloomed on their heads like flower fairies.

As for beast-eared girls like White Brook, there were even more. There were rabbit girls, cat-eared girls, and fox-tailed girls.

“Your eyes, your eyes.” After entering, White Brook realized that Shi Yu’s eyes were staring and his body wasn’t even moving, He immediately froze on the spot and couldn’t help but knock Shi Yu.

“Cough, there are so many Fusion Talents here,” Shi Yu said.

Animals, plants, and elemental pets were all fusion targets. Unfortunately, he had yet to see a car girl or a battleship girl, but there was a mechanical old granny with two cannons on her shoulder and a sniper rifle on her arm… She was also here to participate at this age?

Moreover, this appearance, was it cosplaying a gunner hag or Squirtle

1

“The most common talent among the participants of the martial arts conference is the Fusion Talent. In addition, the proportion of the Fusion Talent among the Beast Tamers in Wu Ling City is also very high. How is it? It’s very interesting, right?”

“They’re actually training the proficiency of their Fusion Talent. Maintaining it like this every day tiring, but the benefits are greater.” White Brook said.1

Shi Yu nodded. The last time he saw such a ridiculous scene was when he went to the exhibition with his classmates in high school.

“Wau…” Beside White Brook and Shi Yu, Lu Qingyi was also observing her surroundings. After discovering that the appearances of the Beast Tamers here were also especially ridiculous, she couldn’t help but sigh in relief. In comparison, her and Shi Yu’s transformation should be relatively normal.

“Please pay attentio

“Beast Tamers who want to participate in the martial arts conference and have yet to register, please register in the hall 3 and 4. The other halls have already been suspended.”

“In addition, contestants who have signed up and plan to determine their strength, please take your card number and head to the trial location from the 6th passage! I repeat

“Please take note…”

“Let’s go.”

As the loudspeaker repeated, White Brook called Shi Yu. Then, she pulled Lu Qingyi’s little hand and walked happily in the direction of Hall 3.

Lu Qingyi was helpless, but it was just holding hands. Forget it

1

Why was White Brook still like a kid?

“Eh.” When Shi Yu saw this, he was also very helpless. He had really become a third wheel.

What a tough life.

When he thought about how he would be beaten up if he encountered the two of them at the start of the competition and probably couldn’t defeat them, Shi Yu felt stifled.

This martial arts conference might be the most aggrieved competition he had participated in.

Although it was impossible for a Legendary-level contestant to participate, it seemed that there were still quite a lot of master-level contestants.

1

“archeology first, competition second.”

Shi Yu quickly followed the two of them. At the same time, his gaze had already started to observe his surroundings. He didn’t know where to start from.

{Ruins, ruins, can you hear me?]

[Is there anything you want to tell me?]

C.]

As Shi Yu walked, he chatted with the nine pillars. However, clearly, this approach was wrong. It was impossible for there to be a response.

At the registration hall.

‘There was a long line inside the building. There were probably dozens of people.

Shi Yu and the others quickly lined up. At this moment, as the three of them stood quietly, someone finally discovered the abnormality in Shi Yu’s group of three.

“Hey, Honey, look. Isn’t that the captain of the Ancient Capital’s big school team, White Tiger Mother, Nine-Tailed Mother White Brook? Damn, if it wasn’t a fusion state, I almost didn’t recognize it.”

“What did you say?? Do you want to live anymore?”

1

“I, what’s wrong? Look, it’s the genius Beast Tamer of our Wu Ling City, the granddaughter of Old Master Bai, Legend Bai.”

As the leading figure of the younger generation in Wuling City and the representative of the Beast Tamer of Ancient Capital University, one of the nine major universities, she was actually quite popular after tearing apart a monarch-level pet in the National League last year and shocking the entire venue.

After arriving at the ruins of Emperor Wu and lining up obediently, someone quickly recognized her.

“It’s really Miss White Brook. She also came to participate.”

“Lremember she came last year, right? And she successfully reached the top 32 with the level of a high-level Beast Tamer. She broke through to master this year. I wonder what results she can get.”

The surrounding people immediately began to discuss White Brook. Even the people in the queue looked over when they heard the name White Brook.

In the team, White Brook sighed. She knew this would be the outcome.

“Well… Well…”

At this moment, a high school student with a backpack ran over excitedly with a pen and book.

‘When everyone saw this, they immediately understood.

He wanted an autograph? He had prepared everything, but wasn’t it better to take a photo at this time?

“Sorry…” Seeing this, White Brook instinctively wanted to refuse, because once this thing started, there would be no end to it.

But who knew that this high school student ran to Lu Qingyi excitedly and asked, “Excuse me, are you Dr. Lu Qingyi? I’m your fan. I like your ‘Mythical Restricted Region’ and ‘Ancient Paramita’ very much. May I… have your autograph?”

White Brook :”…”

Lu Qingyi, who was behind White Brook, was slightly stunned. She looked at the high school student who ran over to ask for her autograph.

At this moment, everyone suddenly discovered that the person ranked behind White Brook seemed to be even more extraordinary.

Lu Qingyi?

“Doctor of archeology from Ancient Capital University, the most talented student of Ancient Capital University in nearly ten years, the current vice president of the Dong Huang Archeology Association… One of the young Beast Tamers closest to the legendary domain, Lu Qingyi?!”

“It seems to be her…”

As this high school student pointed out Lu Qingyi’s identity, the surrounding passers-by were even more shocked. Lu Qingyi’s honor and identity were much more dazzling than White Brook. In terms of level, Lu Qingyi was even above Heavenly King Zou, who could easily reach the number one trending

topic on the Internet.

It was only because Lu Qingyi was relatively low-profile that her reputation didn’t show. However, Lu Qingyi’s archeological achievements over the years were also quite impressive, not to mention that she was a goddess with legendary aptitude. As someone mentioned her name, many people

immediately recalled this figure.

“Dr. Lu also came to participate in the martial arts conference? Heavens, unbelievable, unbelievable!!!”

Many people were shocked. At this moment, another butterfly lady with butterfly wings ran over from the front more excitedly. She held her cell phone and seemed to be taking a photo this time. Seeing this, White Brook stopped breathing, She saw that this girl directly passed her and ran to Shi Yu

behind Lu Qingyi.

“Are you Senior Shi Yu? Well, I’m from the Feeding Department of Demon Capital University. I also specialize in the Worm Department and specialize in butterfly research. I’m Senior Xia’s junior. I’ve seen the results of your Feeding. You… you’re too impressive. Can you take a photo with me? Please.”

White Brook :”…”

Shi Yu was slightly stunned. So feeding results could also attract fans? He thought that he only had supporters among the commoners.

So there were also geniuses from the Feeding World who were convinced by their talent?

1

“Of course,” Shi Yu said with a smile. As expected of him.

At this moment, as this Butterfly Lady exposed the truth, everyone had already forgotten what White Brook was. They were slow to notice that an even more impressive figure stood behind Lu Qingyi.

If it was before Shi Yu appeared, it was completely no problem to say that Lu Qingyi was the most talented student in the past ten years of Ancient Capital University. However, as the research results that could change the structure of the Beast Taming Domain appeared, the honor of being the most

talented student of Ancient Capital University should directly change hands.

Compared to Lu Qingyi, Shi Yu’s name had become even more popular in the past month.

“Shi Yu… Could it be that Beast Tamer of the Butterfly of Imagination?”

“The father of the Green Silkworm cocoon, the man who mercilessly blew up Heavenly King Zou’s trending topic twice.”

3

“He’s so young, he’s so handsome, I love him so much.”

“He’s also here to participate in the martial arts conference? Holy shit

“What’s going on with this martial arts conference? Did the three of them come together? Good heavens, the ancient all-star formation?!”

1

At this moment, Hall 3 exploded. Lu Qingyi and Shi Yu were directly surrounded, as if they were celebrities.

Lu Qingyi and Shi Yu :”…”

White Brook: QAQ.

Then, the order was finally stabilized under the efforts of the security personnel.

After Shi Yu and the other two finished registering with difficulty, they received the queue number from the staff girl who stared at them with starry eyes. Then, Buggy used Instant Transmission to escape the scene.

“Where is he?”

“Chase after him.”

The hall was noisy again. Then, most people gave up queuing at the same time and ran to the trial location where strength was determined. They could register at any time today, but if they missed the process of the three people’s strength positioning, they’d miss out big time.

“Does Dr. Lu have a pet of the combat system?”

“I don’t know.”

“Where’s Big Boss Shi Yu?”

“I know this. He’s an Iron-eating Beast Knight. He can ride an Iron-eating Beast to harden his entire body and weapons! He’s insane!”

6th Pillar Passage.

Each of them held a queue number. Shi Yu, Lu Qingyi, and White Brook’s figures directly appeared on the road. After coming out, they all heaved a sigh of relief. It was really too difficult.

“Tm No. 109,” White Brook said.

“Tm 110.” Lu Qingyi.

“L…” Shi Yu looked at his number 111 and was very calm.

3

Alright, he was single, so his luck wouldn’t be bad.

“Let’s go, let’s go,” White Brook said. “Contestants below high-level Beast Tamers rarely participate in the strength positioning, so this is actually very fast. There’s no need to queue much. I reckon that we can do it quickly when we get there.”

Shi Yu pinched the account card. “I suddenly feel that it’s not bad for me to start directly from the preliminaries. I wonder how many master contestants there are this year. If there are more than 32…”

“Last year, 30 Beast Tamers above the master level participated. I don’t know the situation this year, but I feel that we can definitely give it a try. Under the master level, you’re definitely first,” White Brook said.

“That’s true, but if I succeed and directly enter the main competition, and encounter a master-level Beast Tamer in the first round of the main competition, wouldn’t that be… the end?” Shi Yu’s balls hurt. He had said that this competition was a scam. Although Chi Tong was very powerful now and his

physique wasn’t inferior to these masters who specialized in refining bodies, he was still a major level away.

Of course, Shi Yu also had a trump card, the Ice Dragon Blade. This level-seven weapon was still powerful. It was not a problem for him to fight above his level with Chi Tong, but it was a little costly to the beast tamer and the dragon whisker.

“It’s not good to keep blowing up the news. Although this competition is fought by the Beast Tamers themselves, it’s very safe. At that time, White Brook’s second grandfather will probably come to watch the battle. Just treat it as training yourself,” Lu Qingyi suggested.

“Alright.” Shi Yu liked to listen to Senior Lu.

Sigh, so what if the dragon whisker energy was gone? In any case, the Ice Dragon was still on the snow mountain. If Little Chi Tong went to ask for more dragon whiskers, it was impossible for Sister Ice Dragon to not give it to him..