Chapter 254 - Ice Dragon Mommy

Chapter 254: Ice Dragon Mommy

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator:

Atlas Studios

Editor:

Atlas Studios

Icefield City, Ping Cheng.

Today, the Ping Cheng Association was especially grand.

‘The reason was very simple. A big shot was coming.

In this tiny place where the highest level of Beast Tamers was only at the master level, the arrival of two legends was definitely an extremely sensational matter.

At the Ping Cheng Association.

President Feng, Hall Master Lin, Lin Xiuzhu, and the others had long received the news in advance.

“Sigh, sigh.”

At this moment, Hall Master Lin was extremely regretful.

“Why did this kid, Shi Yu, discover the evolution method of the iron-eating beast overlord race?”

“So be it. Why wasn’t I there when it evolved? I hate it.”

“Enough, enough…” Lin Xiuzhu asked his father to speak less.

You almost died laughing at that time, so what are you being grumpy for now.

Initially, after Shi Yu disappeared for three months, Senior Panda thought that something had happened to Shi Yu.

But who would have thought that as soon as Shi Yu had news, he would bring back an even more explosive piece of information.

He had discovered the stable overlord race evolution plan of the iron-eating beasts!

This news directly made the Lin father and daughter dizzy.

Through the communication equipment, Senior Panda had already learned about what had happened in the Battle Emperor Ruins from Shi Yu. She had even arranged for the Battle Emperor Set meal and all they were waiting for now was just to start selling pandas.

‘Why was she so hardworking?

It was all because she had learned from Shi Yu that the second stage evolution of the Iron-eating Beast was still extremely expensive.

“Lwonder how the Wu Ling Bai family is going to negotiate with our Ping Cheng this time.”

Old Feng was more worried. After all, the size of Ping Cheng was too different from Wu Ling’s Bai family.

‘One was a small county city that didn’t even have a top-notch master, and the other was a large family that had produced legends and mastered the ruins of Emperor Wu.

“Don’t panic.” Hall Master Lin was relatively calm. “Shi Yu still has shares in the breeding base. He definitely doesn’t want to lose out.”

This cooperation definitely had to be centered around Shi Yu.

“President, he’s here.”

A moment later, the Wu Lingtian Group arrived at the Ping Cheng Association, the Bai Family’s Legend Bai, the Wu Ling Association’s President Bai, and the girl White Brook. They were all here.

Apart from that, there was also the old principal of Ancient Capital University and Lu Qingyi. However, surprisingly, Shi Yu didn’t follow.

“Welcome, welcome…”

Seeing such a big scene, President Feng was a little nervous.

President Feng, Hall Master Lin, and Senior Panda immediately welcomed the guests.

However, at this moment, after the panda senior’s gaze searched for Shi Yu fruitlessly, she couldn’t help but look at her genius junior, White Brook, and Lu Qingyi, who was also in the same batch as her but was known as the proud daughter of heaven in Ancient Capital University. These two.

Lu Qingyi and White Brook were also surprised to discover that… Why was this girl’s clothes so similar to the panda jacket Shi Yu used to wear?

At the same time.

Shi Yu had already separated from everyone. He was not interested in this kind of cooperation. He only wanted to find Grandma Ice Dragon now.

“I want to talk to Ice Dragon alone first. It’s not good to have too many people.”

With this saying, Shi Yu headed to the Ice Dragon Snow Mountain alone.

As for Shi Yu’s safety… To be honest, everyone was no longer very worried.

The Ice Dragon Snow Mountain only had monarch-level ferocious beasts, and they were distributed loosely. With Shi Yu’s current strength, it was not a problem for him to escape from any one of them.

The etherealization ability of the ruin ring and Buggy’s Concealment and Instant Transmission were not decorations.

Most importantly, Shi Yu still brought bodyguards this time.

“It’s not here yet?”

A certain gem cat lay lazily on the flying carpet and said to the red-haired Chi Tong flying in the sky beside it.

“Soon, soon.”

Shi Yu sighed.

The day after he came out of the ruins of Emperor Wu, this cat ran to Wu Ling City.

In the three months since Shi Yu disappeared, this guy was definitely the one who suffered the most.

After finishing the gem fruits and realizing that it couldn’t find Baby Ginseng and Shi Yu, the gem cat immediately exploded.

After three months, he had lost a lot of weight.

This time, Shi Yu had finally appeared. No matter what, it had to stay beside Baby Ginseng and harvest a few more boxes of gem fruits before leaving.

A wave of cold passed through the white snow mountain and blue sky.

Shi Yu and the others landed at the top of a snow mountain, in an ice and snow ruin.

“Sob.”

Eleven lay on Shi Yu tiredly. It was really not easy to muster up strength in such a cold place.

Baby Ginseng also hid in its pocket and rubbed its hands to warm up. It tried its best to stick to Shi Yu, who was in a possessed state.

Buggy flew up from Shi Yu’s shoulder and looked at the Ice Dragon Ruins where its mommy, the Ice Dragon, lived. It sighed.

The last time Shi Yu threw it over to “acknowledge it as its mother’, it was still a green worm. Now that it had evolved, it wondered if Ice Dragon still recognized it.

“Is this the place?” The gem cat also jumped down from the flying carpet and stared at the Ice Dragon Ruins.

It had heard that Western dragons liked to collect treasures very much, and this ice dragon had survived from the Time Emperor era and conquered mountains. Its battle results were much better than sweeping through an undead battlefield. Then, in theory… Could this ice dragon have a pile of rare

gems?

“This is the place.”

Shi Yu spat out some fire and looked at Eleven, Buggy, and Baby Ginseng. “I feel that we should come to Ice Dragon Snow Mountain to train later. The harsh environment here is quite suitable for you.”

“Wuu!!” Although Eleven still liked to train in normal places, it wasn’t unacceptable.

On the other hand, Buggy and Baby Ginseng had bitter expressions. They still felt that training in the ruins was more fragrant.

Boom!!!

This time, with the arrival of Shi Yu and the others, the ruins trembled without even knocking.

“Roar!!!”

A terrifying dragon roar suddenly came from the world. This dragon roar directly stunned the gem cat beside it.

So strong.

Damn it, it didn’t know when it could enter the totem level.

It was too difficult to save money!

[You guys are finally here!]

In the ruins space, the ice dragon slowly opened its eyes. After Lu Qingyi told it that Mu Huiyin’s heroic spirit had appeared, it had been waiting for Shi Yu to bring the sword spirit over.

But it had waited too long.

“Come in quickly,” Ice Dragon said eagerly.

Space changed, and the stars changed. In the blink of an eye, Shi Yu and the others appeared in a completely frozen world. Time seemed to have stopped.

The extreme cold was several times colder outside.

The moment they entered, Shi Yu and the others directly saw the frost dragon lying on the seal staring at them.

< Name > Frost Dragon (Special)

[Attributes]: Ice, Dragon

[Race Level]

[Level of Growth]: Totem Level

[Energy Points]:??

At this moment, Shi Yu looked at the Ice Dragon. The index showed the same reaction as if it had seen Chong Xuan.

As the other party’s energy value exceeded the upper limit of the index of 100 million, it directly couldn’t be detected.

As for race level… Ordinary ice dragons were middle-level overlords, but this ice dragon had clearly mutated and evolved. It was estimated that at the very least, it was a high-level overlord race.

“Huh?”

At this moment, after seeing Shi Yu and the others again, Ice Dragon’s full attention was attracted by the red-haired and red-eyed Shi Yu.

‘As max-level possession would allow Shi Yu to temporarily obtain the power of the bloodline, Ice Dragon immediately sensed Mu Huiyin’s aura on Shi Yu.

It couldn’t help but be silent.

“Can you… split up first?” Ice Dragon raised its eyebrows.

“alright… Hahaha.”

Upon hearing that, Shi Yu decisively removed his possession from Chi Tong.

In the next moment, a small phoenix made of orange and red flames appeared in midair.

“Jiu…” After coming out, Chi Tong looked at the ice dragon staring at it nervously. However, it instinctively felt a sense of closeness from the ice dragon. It was ice cold and wanted to stick to him.

At that moment, as Chi Tong appeared, the Ice Dragon’s gaze became even more serious.

It stared at it carefully and seriously.

“Hahahahahaha!!!”

However, who knew that in a moment, Ice Dragon laughed like it had gone crazy? It laughed especially crazily.

“It’s indeed her bloodline.”

F*ck… Shi Yu, the gem cat, and the others were shocked. Why was he suddenly smiling so crazily?

It didn’t look like the touched and happy laughter one would expect from a pet that saw its tamer after a long time… It was more like

“Jiu…” Little Chi Tong was also shocked. It subconsciously wanted to hide back in Shi Yu’s body, but he realized that i**tte had already been locked onto by the ice dragon.

Ice Dragon stretched out its huge claws and pulled the shocked Little Chi Tong to its side. It said arrogantly, “In the past, you asked me to call you Mom, but now I’ve decided. I want to acknowledge you as my goddaughter. That’s what you get for bullying me in the past. Haha, do you have any

objections??”

With that said, it looked at Shi Yu.

Shi Yu, the Gem Cat, Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng:??

Holy shit, what the hell?

What a chaotic scene!

Buggy: “Then who am I???”

Chi Tong: QAQ???

“ah, this.” Shi Yu was stunned. Wait, wait, something was wrong with this script.

Shouldn’t Ice Dragon be crying and acknowledging Chi Tong as its master, deciding to follow it again in this life and go through fire and water?

Why did it directly drag it over to be Chi Tong’s mother with a vengeance?

“Jiu!!! (Save me!!)” Being hugged by the ice dragon, Chi Tong turned around and begged Shi Yu for help.

shi Yu:”…”

Shi Yu wanted to say something but hesitated. He wanted to say something, but seeing that Ice Dragon didn’t seem to have much ill intentions, he could only remain silent.

{calm down, calm down. It’s pretty good to acknowledge it as your mother. If you acknowledge her, it’ll save me the trouble. How good is it to have a mother? You no longer have to be afraid of wind and rain, and you have someone to shoulder everything.]

[chi Tong:???]

“Meow…” At this moment, the gem cat couldn’t react.

Shi Yu bit the bullet and said, “Long time no see. But, this… What does this mean?”

Ice Dragon didn’t mind at all. “What’s wrong with that? It’s not actually my master anyway. I’m happy. Why, can’t I? Do you lose out on anything? Do you?”

“Come and be my daughter!” it said to Chi Tong.

“Jiu!!! (No.)” Little Chi Tong immediately turned into the form of a little sword spirit, then shrank to the extreme, becoming the size of a rice grain, and escaped from the huge claw.

“Tsk.” Seeing Little Chi Tong escape, Ice Dragon was stunned and showed a bored expression.

In the past, if it did this to Mu Huiyin, it would definitely be beaten up and stepped on. That feeling made Ice Dragon miss it, but unfortunately, there was nothing now.

1

Forget it, forget it.

It looked at Shi Yu and the others with a burning gaze, especially Shi Yu. “Train it well. If you anger it, I won’t let you off.”

Shi Yu took the little sword spirit and nodded heavily. “Of course, it’s like my biological daughter. I’ll definitely take good care of it…”

Chi Tong agreed.

Ice Dragon: “Get lost, stop taking advantage of me.”

Shi Yu:”…”

After a moment of silence, Ice Dragon sighed.

“In short, this way, I can leave without any regrets.” It was very satisfied.

He didn’t expect to see the bloodline of its Beast Tamer before deciding to leave Dong Huang.

“Wait, wait.” At this moment, Shi Yu suddenly looked at Ice Dragon.

He didn’t forget the most important mission of this trip.

According to the clues provided by Senior Lu, Ice Dragon was thinking to leave Dong Huang.

If possible, the association naturally hoped that the Ice Dragon would stay in Dong Huang and become the guardian of this place.

“are you leaving Dong Huang?” Shi Yu asked.

Ice Dragon looked down and said, “Didn’t I say? After stepping into the totem and solving the ice river totem problem, I want to go home and take a look.”

“Two thousand years have passed. Although things have definitely changed, it’s still the place where I was born and grew up…”

It looked towards the west nostalgically.

“Emperor Shi died, and that Dragon Hunter must have died too. It’ll definitely be fine when we return.”

Listening to Ice Dragon’s muttering, Shi Yu was stunned. As expected, Ice Dragon Aunt had also escaped because of the Western Dragon Hunter.

More than two thousand years ago, a legendary Beast Tamer was also born in the West, known as the Dragon Hunter.

His hometown had been destroyed by the dragons since he was a child, and he had become very hostile to the dragons. In order to take revenge, he grew up all the way to become a legendary Beast Tamer and launched the Dragon Slaying Battle that shocked the West, slaughtering the Western dragons

until they fled or died. Although in the end, the Dragon Hunter was jointly killed by the totems of the dragons, the dragons suffered heavy injuries.

At that time, the fleeing dragons also began to spread their branches everywhere.

“Well, we should go home and take a look, but do you still plan to come back?” Shi Yu asked.

Ice Dragon said, “What?”

“What if Chi Tong misses you…”

Ice Dragon looked at Chi Tong. That made sense.

“Is it possible?” But it quickly reacted.

This guy didn’t even want to call it mom, and now they’re claiming it would miss it?

“What’s the point of coming back? There’s nothing worth it here. You just want to keep me in Dong Huang as a fighter, don’t you? You want to deceive me? No way.”

Shi Yu :”…”

“In short, don’t think about it. After that, I plan to go to the legendary Dragon Palace City to take a look. I heard that food and accommodation are guaranteed there, and dragons from all over the world are welcome to join. I came to the east with the intention of seeking refuge in Dragon Palace City. Who

knew that I would be captured by Mu Huiyin midway?”

“But it’s not too late now. With my current strength, it shouldn’t be a problem for me to be a queen, right? Most importantly, I heard that it’s very friendly to the totems that join, and will also share the final secret to the Dragon God Domain…”

The Ice dragon chuckled and said, “It’s better to go there than to join your Dong Huang. Everyone there is a dragon, so it’s definitely more comfortable staying there than here.”

Totem-level battle powerhouses were a guest everywhere.

Even for a giant ocean faction like Dragon Palace City that had several totems, if a new totem joined, it would also have a huge impact on that place. Ice Dragon didn’t have any ambition after all, and planned to rely on a giant faction to live in peace.

With its strength, it was indeed not a big problem for it to be worshiped by Dragon Palace City and call the totems in Dragon Palace City brothers and sisters.

“Ah.” Shi Yu was stunned.

“Ah what?”

Shi Yu: “… The problem is that Dragon Palace City is also a part of Dong Huang.”

The frost dragon: “?

“Dragon Palace City experienced an upheaval a thousand years ago and changed their Dragon God once. The current Dragon Palace City Dragon God is a good friend of the legendary Beast Tamer Dragon Emperor after Emperor Shi. They once fought side by side… Apart from that, the Sea Dragon King of

Dragon Palace City is also a battle beast of the legendary Beast Tamer Lin Feng from Dong Huang. His strength reached the totem level a hundred years ago. Also… most of the totems in Dragon Palace City are more or less related to Dong Huang.”

“Now, Dong Huang and Dragon Palace City are super reliable allies.”

According to what Shi Yu knew, the individual members of the first bureau could enter that bureau because they were connected to Dragon Palace City

Ice Dragon:??

Holy shit, there was such a thing?

The ice dragon was a little stunned for a moment. During the Emperor Shi era, Dragon Palace City and the Dong Huang Human Race still had no connection.

“Well, my relationship with the Sea Dragon King is very strong. There’s also its scale keepsake. Ill visit Dragon Palace City soon. Why don’t I introduce you? When the time comes, we’ll go together.”

Shi Yu didn’t care if Ice Dragon joined Dragon Palace City or not. In fact, it was even better if it joined. His connections would be stronger.

“Ah…” The frost dragon was stunned again.

“You brat, something’s wrong, Tell me, do you need something from me?” Ice Dragon realized that something was wrong.

Shi Yu was silent.

Speaking of which, you might not believe me. Apart from you, Chi Tong has another mother. However, that mother seems to have ill intentions and might cause Chi Tong harm. If you can stay in Dong Huang, I can be more at ease. At least Chi Tong won’t be bullied anymore

“Can you bear to… let your daughter be snatched away by others?”

“It really needs a reliable guardian now.”

“After all, that Undying Dark Phoenix looks so fierce and powerful.. We can’t defeat it at all…”