Chapter 259 - Time-Type Undying Ginseng

Chapter 259 Time-type Undying Ginseng

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

In the Time Forest, outside the Time Ruins.

After Shi Yu was pulled out by the owl, hundreds of teachers, students, and pets looked at Shi Yu in silence. They mainly looked at the ginseng baby beside its pants. [If I tell you, a ginseng baby inside is evolving, would you believe me?]

[Are you guys here to see my baby ginseng evolve?]

Everyone looked at the fragrance phenomenon of the ginseng baby that condensed in the sky and the ginseng baby that was teleported out by the owl. The words of the owl and Shi Yu echoed in their ears.

So… everything just now was really caused by the evolution of a ginseng baby?

What a joke!

How could Baby Ginseng’s evolution be so big!!!

To directly turn all the pets in the school into hungry dogs, what level of supplement was that!

However, that wasn’t the most important thing. Most importantly, this ginseng baby seemed to be Shi Yu’s?

In the crowd, Yin Zhengfan widened his eyes and recognized this exaggerated ginseng baby. Wasn’t this the battle ginseng that insta-killed its Zonyan Rock Beast!

Why were Shi Yu and Baby Ginseng in the Time Ruins of Imperial Capital University??

After all, he originally wanted to apply to enter the Time Ruins to surpass Shi Yu. He was the one who first…

“Wait, isn’t that still a ginseng baby? Has it evolved?”

“Look at its eyes, its eyes have become completely different from other ginseng babies. The time hexagram pattern on Lord Owl’s body also appeared in its pupils… What is this.”

“Even if Baby Ginseng evolves, shouldn’t it be a ginseng fruit tree?”

In an instant, everyone started discussing.

At this moment, Baby Ginseng had already restrained most of its strength. But even so, the enchanting aura of a supplement with quasi Mythical potential still couldn’t be restrained. Many pets still looked at it in a daze, wishing they could lick it a few times. If it weren’t for the overlord owl blocking in front, they wouldn’t have been able to control themselves.

“Yi! (Don’t be perverted)” Baby Ginseng frowned.

“Wuu!!!” After Baby Ginseng finished speaking, the Prediction Owl circling in the sky spoke.

It shouted crazily, “Unrelated people, leave my territory immediately. Now that you’ve seriously violated the school rules, I’ll give you five minutes. Leave quickly!!”

At this moment, the Prediction Owl naturally discovered the astonishing change in Baby Ginseng’s body. However, the current scene was really not easy to investigate. It planned to blast away this batch of spectators first.

Although the owl’s battle power was not high among overlord-level creatures, its seniority in Imperial Capital University was still ridiculously high. After all, it was a pet left behind by the first principal.

“…” Many teachers, students, and pets were incomparably silent. At this moment, in the crowd, the old principal of the Imperial Capital University also took a deep breath and said after the owl, “Everyone, leave.”

“Don’t gather here. Go do whatever you need to do.”

“You guys should leave first. I’ll explain later.” She looked at the three guardian overlords of Imperial Capital University who had been attracted by the commotion.

“Roar!!”

Among the hundred beasts, there was a huge green-winged giant tiger, an elemental life form that looked like a stone giant, and an ancient tree with a thousand hands. When they heard this, they took a look at Baby Ginseng and turned to leave.

As the old principal of the Imperial Capital University spoke, no matter how reluctant they were to leave the scene, these teachers, students, and pets could only reluctantly turn and leave.

However, many students, especially the students from the battle club, looked at Shi Yu and the others deeply with complicated gazes when they turned around to leave.

“I keep feeling that he’s stronger again…”

“That ginseng baby seems to have become even more ridiculous…”

“Damn it, what exactly is going on?”

One person left, then two people, followed by a group. A moment later, this ruin was sealed, and only a few people were left at the scene.

What was left was the old principal of Imperial Capital University, President Ye, the Prediction Owl, the Gem Cat Screen, and Shi Yu and the others.

At this moment, looking at the old principal of the Imperial Capital University, the worried President Ye, the depressed owl, and the gem cat that was watching the commotion with anticipation, Shi Yu felt a headache.

He quickly glanced at the phenomenon in the sky again and took a deep breath. “An accident, purely an accident.” “Like hell I believe you!!!” The owl shouted. At this moment, it had already sensed the situation inside the Time Ruins.

It shouted, “The time power inside is much less all of a sudden. I wonder how long it will take to recover!! What exactly have you guys done to the mystic realm? If it’s just that ordinary evolution and training can’t be rejected by the mystic realm!!” President Ye hurriedly smiled and said, “It’s already much better than what I imagined at the start. At least the ruins didn’t explode, right? In any case, no one uses it usually. Let it slowly recover first. The key problem now is…”

He looked at Shi Yu and Baby Ginseng and said, “You guys… evolved successfully??”

The owl was also stunned. It looked at Baby Ginseng. You guys… evolved successfully?

Could it really evolve successfully with such a strange collection of evolution ingredients?

The Time Ruins really had evolution effects???

“It has exceeded 200,000 energy. The power of time lingering outside its body is suppressing the power to break through…” The old principal of the Imperial Capital University still looked at Baby Ginseng in silence, her gaze scrutinizing Shi Yu.

The old lady also didn’t understand what had happened to this ginseng baby. She didn’t understand what Shi Yu and the others had done.

“Yes, I barely succeeded,” Shi Yu said in embarrassment. “A new mutated race, Undying Ginseng, wood, and time. Its racial level is estimated to be above a high-level overlord…”

Everyone: “?”

“Otherwise… Otherwise, there wouldn’t be such a big commotion, right?” As Shi Yu finished speaking, the voices of the old principal and President Ye of the Imperial Capital University were extremely hoarse. The monarch species owl beside them widened its eyes. As for the gem cat, it was shocked and delighted

Holy shit, above high-level overlord?

What a joke!

Moreover, it really mutated into a time element type??

“Damn, can that material really succeed? Who are you kidding?” The owl shouted in shock.

The time element of a high-level overlord race, who was he kidding!

Even its master didn’t contract a time-type pet of this race. It wasn’t even an overlord race. It was the most impressive thing!

In the end, the time ruin left behind created a high-level time overlord race? It didn’t believe it!!

Apart from Emperor Shi, the Prediction Owl didn’t believe that anyone could nurture such a pet!

“The materials might not be the main thing. It’s mainly because my Baby Ginseng’s talent is unique… It has a mutated physique.” Shi Yu smiled shyly.

To be able to mutate successfully, the mutation environment was actually secondary. It was mainly because the transcendent mutation suppressed all detrimental factors and perfectly turned the power of mutation into the potential of the ginseng baby.

If it were other pets… Even if it was a mutant tree that also mastered mutations, restricted by the skill level, such a mutation was definitely courting death.

After Shi Yu finished speaking, everyone still didn’t react.

They still felt that it was a little unbelievable.

The spatial pets of overlord races were already quite powerful. Time-type… was unimaginable. Why could Emperor Shi end the totem era? Wasn’t it because of his heaven-defying time-element talent?

From the method of building the heroic spirit ruins, one could tell that the power of Emperor Shi was something that subsequent emperors like Emperor Wu and the empress could not reach.

Even Emperor Kong, who had once successfully established an intercontinental spatial teleportation array that crossed the ocean, felt that he was inferior to Emperor Shi and said that Emperor Shi was the true emperor of time.

“Then, after the mutation succeeded, what changes did Baby Ginseng have?” President Ye Hui hurriedly asked.

Without a doubt, the Undying Ginseng was a brand new race. For a Feeder like Ye Hui, Baby Ginseng was currently as attractive to it as the Mythical Ruins to Shi Yu. It wanted to explore it very much.

Shi Yu smiled bitterly. “You guys saw it too… That just now… should mean that the nourishing effect is better, right?”

“Its energy value is almost two to three times that of pets of high-level overlord races of the same level…”

“Now, it should be considered a high-quality super supplement with legendary potential. In the future, when it grows up, it will definitely be a divine medicine…”

Baby Ginseng’s face also fell. What was he talking about this, talk about its battle power!

“Apart from that, it also awakened three new skills. Among them, there are two time-element skills, one high-level, and one super-level…”

“Well, the high-level time skill is a dual-element wood and time skill. It’s called the Time Fruit. Its effect is… It can allow the user to temporarily use the power of time to obtain the full strength of their youth or the strength after growth.”

“The general effect is that it can make a baby temporarily become a big man, and an old man temporarily become a strong man?”

Everyone: “?”

Holy shit.

As Shi Yu finished speaking, the pupils of the old principal and President Ye Hui of the Imperial Capital University constricted. The Prediction Owl and the Gem Cat were also stunned.

What kind of sick skill was this?

“Have you guys heard of a legend? The army of the Imperial Dynasty of Emperor Shi is the only army in history that won’t weaken because of age…”

“Although there are no records, I suspect that one of Emperor Shi’s pets most likely mastered this move.”

“Shi, Shi, Emperor Shi?” President Ye said subconsciously.

“Yes.” Shi Yu also suddenly made the connection later.

Unfortunately, there were very few records… Perhaps he could ask Ice Dragon later.

Just thinking about it, if those old generals who were old and unable to increase their pets could use a Time Fruit to return to their peak… It was invincible.

“So this is high-level? High-level?” The old principal of the Imperial Capital University couldn’t help but widen his eyes.

He called this a high-level skill?

Shi Yu waved his hand and said, “It’s indeed high-level. Of course, my ginseng baby definitely can’t compare to Emperor Shi’s pet at the moment.”

[Ginseng Baby: Get to the important part!)

“It’s limited by its strength. Now, apart from using it himself, its Time Fruit can only be effective against pets of low levels. In other words, its Time Fruit can only be effective against pets below the transcendent level…”

“Moreover, the maintenance time probably won’t exceed a minute. After returning to its peak state, it’s also considered overdrafting the user’s strength. The burden on the user is huge… It’s probably going to lie down later… Although, it’s already worth it.” After Baby Ginseng sensed it carefully, it indeed discovered the current limitations of the Time Fruit.

However, this wasn’t a problem. As long as the skill wasn’t super, Shi Yu could immediately arrange for it to be maxed out.

At that time, forget about taking effect on pets of the same level, it might even have a weak effect on pets one level higher than Baby Ginseng!

Because Emperor Shi had the time element to strengthen his talent… Perhaps he couldn’t reach the level of Emperor Shi’s pet, but it was probably not a problem to get close.

“You also know that time-element skills are not easy to practice. It’s so difficult to increase proficiency…” Shi Yu said.” Moreover, the consumption of condensing one such fruit is comparable to using ordinary super skills several times. It’s not that impressive.”

At the side, the owl nodded deeply. Indeed, time-type skills were too difficult to train.

“That’s also…” President Ye Hui and the old principal of Imperial Capital University still felt that it was very strong.

For a pet of the racial level like Baby Ginseng, when its strength rose in the future, it probably wouldn’t be a problem to live for hundreds or thousands of years. With this skill, after it grew up in the future, it could completely rely on the power of one hit KO’s to pull up Dong Huang’s battle power level. They still said that this was a f*cking high-level?

“Speaking of which, are there any pets for me to do experiments nearby…” Shi Yu suddenly muttered. The pile of pets just now seemed to have been chased away by the owl.

“I’ll do it!!” At the side, the gem cat was eager to try. Its entire body emitted blue light. In the next moment, a brown earth-element creature the size of an arm was teleported over by the gem cat.

“Heh!!!” The wild Rockback Lizard, which lived in the mountain area of Imperial Capital University and was in charge of polishing rocks, was shocked.

It looked at the surrounding environment and the phenomenon that was gradually disappearing in the sky, extremely shocked.

To be honest, it had also sensed the changes here just now and even wanted to come over. However, because it was too excited, it had just gone out and planned to leave when it was thrown on the spot tens of thousands of meters away.

“Then let’s give it a try?” President Ye said in anticipation.

“You feeders are really wasteful… But it’s alright,” the old principal of Imperial Capital University said.

Even if the level of the Time Fruit was very low, it sounded very expensive.

It was too extravagant to experiment with a wild transcendent creature directly. However, the research of feeders seemed to be like this.

“Baby Ginseng.” Shi Yu immediately nodded at Baby Ginseng

At this moment, Baby Ginseng was also impatient. Under the gaze of Eleven, Buggy, and Chi Tong, it tried its best to condense the Time Fruit.

It was similar to the process of condensing energy fruits and nutritional supplements, but the consumption was greater than both.

When Baby Ginseng stretched out its hands to condense the Time Fruit, its six-pointed star pupils spun crazily. Light emitted from its hand, and the power of time constantly wrapped around it. Its physical fitness was also being crazily extracted.

In a short period of time, half of Baby Ginseng’s physical fitness was taken away. Only then did a time fruit with the lowest quality successfully condense.

“Yi!!!”

After a white light flashed, a small white fruit like a pineapple appeared in Baby Ginseng’s hand. It held the fruit and panted with difficulty…

After the Time Fruit was condensed, Baby Ginseng threw it to the Rockback Lizard beside it. Under the gaze of a group of big shots, the Rockback Lizard swallowed its saliva…

Eat!

After all, this thing was still pretty fragrant. It shouldn’t have been poisoned.

Click.

The Rockback Lizard wolfed it down. “Heh!!!” After eating, the Rockback Lizard suddenly froze on the spot.

In the next moment, its energy suddenly began to increase steadily.

Everyone instantly focused.

Boom!

Then, under the explosive increase in energy, the Rockback Lizard’s entire body was actually filled with evolution and breakthrough light!

This was…

This change suddenly shocked the old principal, President Ye Hui, the Prediction Owl, and the gem cat.

After swallowing the Time Fruit, the Rockback Lizard, which had less than a hundred energy points, actually evolved and broke through. In a short moment, its body grew several times, and its body became comparable to a lion or tiger, growing into a new race!! At this moment, the index data in front of Shi Yu changed crazily.

This was the previous data.

< Name > Rockback Lizard

[Race Level]: Mid-level transcendent

(Level of Growth): Level 10 Awakening

Energy Points: 77

“Roar!!!” A moment later, the evolution light dissipated, and a huge lizard appeared in front of Shi Yu and the others.

Its huge body, black patterns, and characteristics that looked like dinosaurs were the appearance of the Rockback Lizard after it ate the Time Fruit.

In Shi Yu’s index, the data had become like this.

< Name > Earth Rock Lizard

[Race Level): Low-level Commander

(Level of Growth]: Commander Level

Energy Points: 22318

The old principal and President Ye Hui of the Imperial Capital University clearly had similar detection methods. Beside them, the Prediction Owl and the Gem Cat could also clearly determine the changes of the Rockback Lizard. At this moment, as they clearly saw the changes after the Rockback Lizard ate the Time Fruit, they opened their mouths wide. Damn it.

Wasn’t the effect of this Time Fruit a little heaven-defying?

It directly made the Rockback Lizard evolve? It even broke through two levels in a row? Its energy level increased by hundreds of times??

“This…”

“This works too?”

“Is this a time skill?”

At this moment, the most shocked was still the Rockback Lizard. It felt its powerful strength and was directly stunned.

However, in less than ten seconds, its expression suddenly changed. Its entire body flashed, and its body kept shrinking as if it had breathed out. It returned to its Rockback Lizard form.

At the same time, it lay on the ground with a weak expression, its limbs and tail twitching.

“It has some potential, but it’s limited… It can’t maintain peak battle power for long…” Shi Yu was silent.

Seeing this, Baby Ginseng was just about to heal the Rockback Lizard, but the Time Fruit seemed to have some additional power. The Rockback Lizard that fell flashed with evolution light again. In the next moment, because it had experienced its peak strength, it seemed to have broken through the racial limit and actually evolved again.

A moment later, a brown lizard creature that was different from the Rockback Lizard and the Earth Rock Lizard appeared in front of Shi Yu and the others.

< Name > Earth Rock Lizard

(Race Level]: High Transcendent

(Level of Growth]: transcendent

Energy Points: 588

However, it was still so weak.

At that moment, everyone was stunned when they saw this change. “What the?!!!” Then, President Ye Hui was stunned. “It’s one thing to directly let an awakened pet obtain commander rank power, but it actually lets it complete a temporary evolution!! A temporary evolution!!”

Not only was this Time Fruit a peak battle power experience card, but it also let the pet experience stronger strength for once, thereby confirming the best shortcut to its own path!!

After the power of time lost its effect, the Rockback Lizard directly relied on its previous understanding to increase its strength and even completed an evolution!

After all, this was only the entry-level Time Fruit that had just awakened.

In an instant, the two of them and the two overlords looked at Baby Ginseng in amazement. Eleven and the others also looked at Baby Ginseng in admiration.

As expected, it was still better at cheating. “Yi!!” Seeing this, Baby Ginseng revealed a smug expression. Shi Yu also took a deep breath. It was alright. The effect was better than he had expected. As expected of an invincible time-type skill. How powerful would it be to have the skill advancement??

Just the entry-level Time Fruit alone made Shi Yu feel that it was much more expensive than the full-level Nutrition Fruit.

Although the Maximum-level Nutrition Fruit could rely on the power of time to strengthen the effect, increase the evolution potential, and increase life force, this Time Fruit directly let the pet experience the power after evolution. Rockback Lizard+Time Fruit = Earth Rock Lizard… This reminded Shi Yu of the classic combination of a card game. “Time Magician “+” Baby Dragon” = “Thousand Year Dragon”!

This fruit was too suitable for pets with great potential but needed to grow for a long time, such as dragons!

Initially, Shi Yu didn’t know what gifts he would bring to Dragon Palace City apart from the frost dragon. He estimated that Dragon Palace City wouldn’t fancy the Nutrition Fruit either, but now, when he saw the Time Fruit, he immediately understood. Max-level Time Fruit!

It could definitely make a group of dragon babies go crazy. “This is the way pets in the growth stage obtain mature strength…”

“It should still be able to be used in reverse. For example, letting an old Earth Dragon Lizard with weak battle power temporarily recover to its prime,” Shi Yu said.

The old principal and President Ye of the Imperial Capital University naturally understood. They couldn’t help but suffocate.

“…C-condense another one,” the old principal of Imperial Capital University said to Baby Ginseng

“Yi?” Baby Ginseng was stunned. After Shi Yu nodded, it still did as he said. In the next moment, it took root in the ground and absorbed the light energy. At the same time, it condensed the Time Fruit.

Soon, Baby Ginseng’s physical strength was drained. However, with the Earth Chain, Energy Storage Beam, and Absolute Sleep recovery measures, its recovery speed was still alright.

A moment later, another time fruit appeared.

Baby Ginseng was handed to the old principal. Did he still need to experiment?

“Yes…”

After Baby Ginseng condensed the Time Fruit, the old principal of the Imperial Capital University looked at the Time Fruit and hesitated.

He stretched out one hand as if he was fighting a mental battle.

“Forget it, forget it. There’s no need.” She touched her wrinkled face and blushed. “It’s just that small duration. It’s meaningless…” Shi Yu, President Ye, and the pets :”…”

They immediately understood the thoughts of the old principal of Imperial Capital University. Just now, she definitely wanted to use the Time Fruit to return to the era of when she was a fair and beautiful young woman!

Returning to being young was indeed a fatal temptation for women.

“Not bad, in short, not bad. Student Shi Yu, from now on, Imperial Capital University will be your second home.” After the old principal of the Imperial Capital University saw Baby Ginseng’s ability, she immediately changed her previously calm expression and said brightly, “I look forward to the day Baby Ginseng becomes stronger. This skill is good. You have to practice it quickly and increase your level!!”

In that case, if she asked Shi Yu for a few more Time Fruits, she could occasionally become younger. Which rich woman didn’t want to become beautiful?

President Ye and the owl:???

“Ah, this.” Shi Yu also reacted.

Holy shit.

This skill’s real use was not to increase battle power, but a trump card against an old rich woman?? Baby Ginseng was also stunned. Under the influence of the Beast Tamer, it quickly reacted to how lethal this move was to the old rich lady.

“Alright, alright,” Shi Yu hurriedly nodded. “Very good.” The old principal of the Imperial Capital University instantly found Shi Yu much more pleasing to the eye. She even wanted to snatch him from Old Feng.

At this moment, Baby Ginseng looked at the time fruit in its hand and fell into deep thought.

Beside it, Eleven, Buggy, and Chi Tong were eager to try.

They wanted to eat it!

“Yi!” Baby Ginseng glared at them.

This thing was only useful for those below commander rank.

“Wu Wu Wu.” Eleven waved its hand. It’s alright. It could create transcendent-level bean bear experiments.

It wanted to see if it could evolve the Bean Bear into the Nine Li form.

“Yiya!” Baby Ginseng shook its head crazily, thinking that this was more wasteful…

“Eat it yourself and see. Isn’t the Time Fruit effective in ignoring your own level?” Shi Yu said.

“Yi?!” Baby Ginseng smiled happily when it heard that. Yes.

With that said, it wanted to swallow it in one go. “Wait, wait!!!”

Seeing this, Ye Hui and the old principal of the Imperial Capital University were shocked and hurriedly stopped Baby Ginseng.

“Don’t eat it. It can break through to the monarch level at any time now. After eating the Time Fruit, I’m afraid it can directly obtain the monarch level power. Just now, its evolution released such a huge reaction. If it breaks through now, are you sure it won’t alarm the pets in the entire city??” President Ye hurriedly stopped it.

At that time, it was possible for Baby Ginseng’s energy level to increase by ten or 20 times.

The commotion was definitely greater!

Doing it the second time was too much!

“Yi! (You can ask Teacher Ying to seal the space.)” Baby Ginseng looked at the gem cat and still wanted to eat it.

However, in the next second, Baby Ginseng saw the gem cat wipe its saliva and shake its head.

“I advise you not to mess around. I’m afraid that I’ll accidentally eat you after you break through.” The gem cat’s gaze was faint, scaring Baby Ginseng

“Yi???”

“Yeah.” The Prediction Owl’s gaze was also faint. “Time-element monarch-level supplement… Perhaps, after eating you, my Future Prediction can directly reach Perfect Level.”

“(A) Yi!!!” Baby Ginseng was shocked and hurriedly threw the hot potato, the Time Fruit, into Eleven’s hand.

“Sob.” Eleven was pleased.

“I’m just kidding. However, after you break through to the overlord level, remember to give me more of this Time Fruit.” The Prediction Owl also remembered the Time Fruit. After all, maybe it could also rely on this to break through?

At this moment, because the shock brought by the Time Fruit was too great, the old principal and President Ye of the Imperial Capital University even forgot about the discussion!

They hurriedly asked, “Speaking of which, what’s the super skill!!”

If a high-level time skill was already so impressive, then super… how terrifying would it be??

“There are two super skills. One is the wood and light element Moon Explosion, and the other is still a wood and time skill, Time Mark.”

“Moon Explosion… It’s probably the ability to make the internal energy of the corporeal wood-element skill expand several times before exploding with Moonlight Radiation.”

“If Baby Ginseng’s main body uses this skill to self-destruct, with its current 220,000 energy points, it should be able to instantly expand to more than 2 million energy points, and then produce a violent big explosion…”

Shi Yu guessed. Beside him, Baby Ginseng nodded. Explosion was art!

“This, the Moonlight Gem really worked?!”

At the side, the gem cat was stunned. The Moonlight Radiation was clearly due to the Moonlight Gem.

Obviously, this was a powerful attack-type skill.

The destructive power of a single skill could even exceed the combination of a bunch of explosive skills when Eleven fought Grandpa Bull.

At the side, the corners of everyone’s mouths twitched. As a supplementary ginseng baby, it was ridiculous for him to have comprehended such a skill.

“This skill…”

It was really difficult to evaluate for the old principal and President Ye.

However, it was still acceptable.

Although the self-destruction power of the Moon Explosion sounded much stronger than traditional self-destruction, it definitely couldn’t be used. As for other uses, they were only so-so compared to heaven-defying time skills. In comparison, it seemed obvious that these two skills have the wrong level classification.

However, skill levels were often determined by the skill upper limit. Something as big as the moon could borrow the power of a celestial body to cause a huge explosion was indeed a little extraordinary.

When trained to the extreme, its power might be comparable to the explosion of a small planet.

“Yiya!!!” Baby Ginseng shouted. Should it also experiment with Moon Explosion?

It liked this month too much.

With its current strength, self-destruction should be enough to kill those monarch-level pets with millions of energy points.

If it directly self-destructed after breaking through to the monarch level, wouldn’t it be invincible at the monarch level and heavily injure overlord-level creatures?

“It wants to test the power of the Moon Explosion, especially the self-destruction,” Shi Yu translated, making the eyelids of the people beside him twitch.

Wait, wait, these guys were drunk on evolution.

“Try the power of the self-destruction??” The old principal and Ye Hui wondered if they had heard correctly.

Their expressions darkened. Courting death?

“What do you mean? Won’t he die if he self-destructs…” President Ye said.” Don’t tell me he won’t die. Self-destruction with an energy increase of ten times… is even more ridiculous than the self-destruct skills of those Mechanics.”

“Of course it will die, and it will die without leaving any dregs. However, don’t forget its race name, Undying Ginseng…” Shi Yu said.

ZEveryone was stunned.

Shi Yu said, “Baby Ginseng’s last super skill of wood and time is formed by combining the power of death. It can condense a time mark, also known as the Undying Mark, and record its own state. Then, after it’s injured and unnatural death, it can reverse time and life and death with the time mark to recover from its injuries or revive itself.”

“Therefore, in theory, it can be combined into a continuous skill of self-destruction and revival…”

As Shi Yu finished speaking, the scene suddenly fell silent.

The old principal, President Ye, the owl, and the gem cat widened their eyes. What did he say?

“Yi!!” Baby Ginseng looked at everyone and was eager to give it a try. It wanted to try! It wanted to find an opponent and experiment! Its awakening skill happened to come with a time mark!

If not, it would feel uncomfortable.

The old principal and President Ye of the Imperial Capital University looked at Baby Ginseng, who was eager to self-destruct, and revealed ridiculous expressions. They reacted for a long time before shouting, “What did you

say??!”

“This skill?? This skill exists???”

They directly lost their ability to think. “Damn, damn, damn.” After the Prediction Owl was stunned, its eyes turned red. They were both time-element skills, so why was Baby Ginseng’s skill so awesome?

The teacher on the screen beside him was also a little confused. Holy shit, what the hell was this skill?

Who the heck designed this skill? “Infinite self-destruction and revival??” President Ye was stunned.

“Are you sure you’re not kidding?” This was a f*cking supplement? Not a special forbidden weapon? Suddenly, the Prediction Owl was shocked and remembered the scene it had predicted about the ginseng baby. A group of totems chased after the ginseng baby and placed it in their mouths…

If at that time, Baby Ginseng already had the strength of an overlord. The totems were in danger.

Initially, when the owl first saw this scene, it felt that Baby Ginseng was ridiculously miserable. But from the looks of it, it suddenly felt that if this premonition was real, the ones who were miserable were those totems.

They f*cking ate a nuclear bomb baby!

A nuclear bomb baby that could revive!

With the Moon Explosion and the Time Mark, it suspected that Shi Yu and Baby Ginseng were going to fish out and hunt totems!

Baby Ginseng: Tired of running. Destroy! “It’s not that simple…” Seeing the four of them imagine with blank gazes, Shi Yu hurriedly waved his hand and smiled bitterly. “At the moment, only one Time Mark can be found in Baby Ginseng’s body. Moreover, after using one, Baby Ginseng needs to invest all its energy and spend a long time to condense the next one. The restriction is very big.”

“Although I don’t know what changes will happen when the skill proficiency is high, now, it still costs a lot to self-destruct once. The cooldown time will probably be a few months.”

“Yi!!” Baby Ginseng expressed that it was alright, it was alright.

This skill was completely promising in the future. When it trained its overlord will and let Shi Yu maximize this skill, at that time, what if there were multiple time marks in its body? Wouldn’t it be close to infinitely self-destructing?

At that time, there would be no need for Dong Huang’s mechanical army to suppress Yun An. They could just request for the Undying Ginseng First, eat a Time Fruit and become the strongest state. Then, use Moon Explosion to self-destruct and revive!

This wave was invincible!

It could completely dictate the ages alone and suppress a half-god. “This…”

After Shi Yu finished speaking, the old principal and President Ye of the Imperial Capital University didn’t feel that the restriction was very big at all. Bastard, when Baby Ginseng grew to an overlord, Shi Yu would have a forbidden weapon that could be reborn. This was… heaven-defying!!

The two of them looked at each other. The Prediction Owl and the Gem Cat also looked at each other. No wonder Shi Yu called it the Undying Ginseng. No wonder Shi Yu said that it was a quasi-mythical race. This strength and potential…

“In short, you’re forbidden from using this move in Imperial Capital University.” The eyelids of the old principal of Imperial Capital University twitched.

Suddenly, she was a little worried about the National League of Imperial Capital University this year.

After Baby Ginseng broke through to the monarch level, could Gao Xuan’s Ultimate Sacred Dragon Beast withstand the self-destruction?

He definitely couldn’t withstand it, alright?

Even after Gao Xuan and the Ultimate Sacred Dragon Beast fused into the driving state, their energy level didn’t exceed ten million. However, the self-destruction of the monarch-level ginseng baby’s energy level definitely exceeded ten million.

“And this move, don’t use it in ordinary battles. It really can kill pets…”

It wasn’t Baby Ginseng that would die, but the opponent.

“I won’t use it, of course…” Shi Yu scratched his head and laughed. No, no, he definitely couldn’t use it casually.

Upon hearing that, Eleven, Buggy, and Chi Tong heaved a sigh of relief.

It would be best if it was banned in the team competition too!

Although Baby Ginseng could only use it once, Eleven, Buggy, and the others didn’t dare to bet on themselves!

Its teammates would die!

It was recommended to seal this forbidden

move!

At this moment, President Ye looked at Shi Yu silently.

This boy… had already grown to this extent in a short period of time?

“How many overlord species pets do you have?” Ye Hui couldn’t help but ask.

“Four… I guess.” Shi Yu glanced at the four little ones and said, “After we go to Dragon Palace City, there might be five.”

“Didn’t Lord Owl predict that I could contract a totem in Dragon Palace City? Now, I’m more and more convinced of its prophecy.” Shi Yu looked at the owl piously.

Everyone: …

Owl: …

Little Chi Tong’s sword unsealed the Dark Phoenix. After all, that place was really related to Chi Tong’s bloodline. Eleven’s battle against the demon god was probably also accurate. That demon god was Yun An. Now, the prophecy of Baby Ginseng being chased and eaten by a bunch of totems didn’t seem that difficult to understand. Shi Yu even had the thought of going fishing for totems in the future…

From the looks of it, perhaps he could really contract a totem on his trip to Dragon Palace City?

To be able to reach the totem level, it was definitely an overlord race.

Of course, Shi Yu didn’t expect the other party to really be a water-element totem. His strength definitely couldn’t contract a totem level growth, but what if it was a reincarnated totem like Chong Xuan?

It was also possible that the owl had predicted that his fifth pet would be at the totem level after it grew up…

However, the water element was definitely stable. After all, Shi Yu’s first choice now was water-element and elemental creatures.