Chapter 258 - Baby Ginseng’S Invincible Evolution

Chapter 258 Baby Ginseng’s Invincible Evolution

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

When Shi Yu arrived at Imperial Capital University, the old principal of Imperial Capital University and the vice-chancellor, Ye Hui, received the news immediately.

Because Shi Yu was brought on by the president of the Feeding Association, Ye Hui, the mission of watching Shi Yu enter the Time Mystic Realm naturally fell on his head. When Ye Hui arrived at the Prophecy Temple, he saw Shi Yu, the owl, and the others arguing about something

“The prophecy is reversed, you guys, this means it’ll succeed,” a certain cat said in all seriousness.

If the prophecy failed, it must have evolved successfully.

“Nonsense!!”

The prophecy was only about something happening today. The target of the prophecy wasn’t very strong either. The owl didn’t believe that the prophecy could be wrong this time. This time, it was clearly much more reliable than the previous totem-related predictions. Moreover, even if one thought about it, they knew that Shi Yu and the others weren’t going to be satisfied this time.

The time element was the strongest and rarest attribute. The Prediction Owl approved of this point. How could such a powerful attribute be evolved by a mere time ruin? Using the Time Ruins as the main evolution location, Shi Yu and the others were directly in the wrong direction! It wasn’t that it didn’t trust the ruins left behind by its Beast Tamer. After all, even if it was Emperor Shi, according to legend, he couldn’t help other creatures develop time attributes. At most, he could let the pets under him learn the combination skill of time elements!

“I say, you guys…” President Ye Hui scratched his head. At the moment, he didn’t need to think to know what was going on. It was probably the prophecy surrounding the owl again. “I’m here, I’m here.” President Ye interrupted everyone. “Yo, Little Yezi, you’re here.” Seeing President Ye Hui arrive, the owl said, “Where’s the

pass?”

“Uncle Ye,” Shi Yu said.

The cat also glanced at the president of the Feeding Association. “Yes.” President Ye laughed. If he wanted to open the Time Mystic Realm, he had to have a pass from the Imperial Capital University’s school. He had to get the principal and many higher-ups to agree. Although the owl was in charge of the Time Mystic Realm, it was restricted by the rules of the first principal. The procedures to enter were still necessary. “Then can we go in now?” Shi Yu said. Ye Hui said, “Well, sure, but only you can go in yourself. The time mystic realm has strict restrictions on the level of entry. Teacher Ying can probably only wait for you outside.” He glanced at the guardian overlord of Ancient Capital University.

“It’s alright, I’ll wait outside. It’s been a long time since I came to Imperial Capital University… I can…” It looked at the Prediction Owl.

It wanted to beat this owl up!

“Bastard.” The Prediction Owl cursed. Unfortunately, its skills were all on Future Prediction, and it couldn’t defeat this cat. “Then let’s hurry,” Shi Yu said with a smile. “Let’s go, let’s go.” The owl sighed. Next, Shi Yu and the others started preparing. In fact, what needed to be prepared was enough resources. Even if only three days had passed outside, it was equivalent to a month inside. Inside, apart from the basic facilities, there was no other resource produced at all. Therefore, these preparations had to be done before the Beast Tamer entered.

It didn’t take long for everything to be arranged. The owl began to lead Shi Yu and the others deeper into the Time Forest. At the same time, he exhorted, “No matter how long you can last, for safety’s sake, I’ll throw you out after three days in the outside world. There are still too many unstable factors inside.” “If anything happens, there’s also a mechanism to communicate with the outside world inside. After you press it, I’ll sense it immediately.” “Understood!” “You agreed so readily. I’m very worried.” The owl fluttered its beautiful blue feathers. “Wu.” President Ye also followed beside him and asked, “Probably, nothing will happen, right?” “Uh.” Shi Yu was stunned. “For example, there won’t be a situation like the Battle Emperor Ruins, right?” President Ye said.

Shi Yu had disappeared for three months before coming out. The members of the third bureau definitely knew. At that time, President Ye had also gone to Wu Ling City to think of a way. He was more worried now. If Shi Yu also caused trouble in the Time Mystic Realm, it would be troublesome.

No matter how one looked at it, the time mystic realm created by the first-generation principal of the Imperial Capital University looked more fragile than the Emperor Ruins. This time, he was the one who arranged for Shi Yu to enter the Time Mystic Realm. If something happened… then the responsibility… President Ye suddenly wanted to cry and was a little afraid.

Most importantly, Shi Yu… was indeed restless.

“Uh.” Hearing President Ye mention this, the owl was stunned. What was wrong with the Emperor Wu Ruins?

It really didn’t know what had happened in the Emperor Wu Ruins. Back then, in order to find Shi Yu, although Bureau 11 had also found pets that could predict the future, they didn’t go for this owl. Instead, it found other relatively more reliable pets, such as the time overlord that had mastered the perfect level of premonition. However, clearly, even a more reliable guy couldn’t predict Shi Yu’s exact situation at that time.

“It’s nothing. Shi Yu caused a crack in the Emperor Wu Ruins.” The scheming cat said, “I heard that you’re the in-charge of the Time Ruins? You should be very troubled if the Time Ruins crack.”

The Prediction Owl:???

“No, no, no. I’m just letting Baby Ginseng enter to undergo evolution. What big deal can happen?” Shi Yu laughed. “Let’s go, let’s go.” This time, Shi Yu really planned to only evolve and train obediently. If he was rejected by the owl because of his past battle results, he wouldn’t cry. “Don’t rush me, don’t rush me,” the owl said. In the depths of the Time Forest, there was a white ruin. After Shi Yu and the others arrived, a white vortex hole was opened by the Prediction Owl on the ruin wall.

This was the entrance to the Time Ruins.

“Are you ready?” The owl looked up at Shi Yu. At this moment, Shi Yu was naturally ready. He nodded eagerly. “Alright, go in.” After the Prediction Owl, the Gem Cat, and President Ye looked at each other, they sighed. As the hexagram of time appeared, the vortex at the entrance of the mystic realm quickly expanded. “Then I’ll go in. Wait for me!” Shi Yu directly stepped in without any reluctance to leave the outside world. As Shi Yu entered, in the outside world, President Ye, the gem cat, and the Prediction Owl looked at each other again. President Ye said, “Senior owl, did you really predict that the mutation of that ginseng baby failed?” “That’s true,” the owl said. “Its form hasn’t changed at all, and its aura hasn’t changed much either.”

“Is it possible that it evolved, but not completely? I mean, it became stronger, but its form hasn’t changed,” Ye Hui said.

The owl couldn’t be bothered to think about it. It said, “These are all secondary… The main thing is that I don’t think the Time Mystic Realm has a function that can assist in evolution…” “Do you think he’ll succeed?”

Ye Hui chuckled. How should he put it? Relying on the soil of time and the mystic realm of time, Shi Yu wanted a ginseng baby that had already mutated once to mutate the time attribute again. He also felt that Shi Yu was a little delusional.

However, pets like the Butterfly of Imagination and the Nine Li Battle Beast had been tamed by Shi Yu. At the moment, Shi Yu was still a member of their third bureau. Perhaps there was really a chance of successfully researching the mutated species of the ginseng baby. “It’s hard to say. After all, I don’t know what his other mutated materials are. If he uses higher-level time materials… who knows?” The gem cat licked its claws at the side and said, “There’s probably no higher-level time materials, but there’s a Moonlight Gem and the death power of the Undead Battlefield’s Undying Pond. It’s a huge hodgepodge… With my hundred years of experience, I’m a little confused about the scientific basis of such evolution materials. President Ye, do you understand?”

The owl was speechless. What kind of strange evolution formula was this?

President Ye: “… This…”

President Ye was stunned. Moonlight Gem, a light-element ingredient that represented the power of the moon? The Undying Pond that represented the power of death and water? The soil of time that represented time and earth and the mystic realm of time that purely represented time…?

Why was it so messy!

Didn’t Shi Yu want to train the ginseng baby in the time element?!

With President Ye’s many years of feeding experience, his thoughts were actually stuck at this moment. For ordinary pets, bearing two secondary attributes was the limit. As long as it was a normal feeder, they knew that it was best not to have more than two attributes. The directional cultivation was relatively stable, but for Shi Yu…

“Do you know what Shi Yu said?” he asked the gem cat.

The gem cat said, “He said that gambling felt good and continuing gambling felt even better. Use all high level materials and waddle past everything, and miracles can happen. Multiple combinations easily produce unscientific skills.”

President Ye: “?”

The owl was speechless again. This was how they trained pets in the third bureau? The owl felt that the prophecy was definitely stable this time.

Under normal circumstances, Shi Yu naturally didn’t dare to bet, but with the successful case of Buggy and the fact that transcendent mutants had already displayed the ability to easily deal with various mutations, the success rate of the bet became very high.

Time Mystic Realm.

This was a white world. White land, white sky, and white buildings were filled with white

mist.

After Shi Yu entered, he felt that it was extremely stuffy and hot. The air seemed to have become much thinner. He walked a few times and his movements became abnormally difficult. From the looks of it, the gravity here was also different from the outside world.

Most importantly, not long after he entered, Shi Yu felt that his brain couldn’t concentrate. It seemed to be very difficult to meditate, scaring him into immediately inhaling the sweetness in the sachet.

“Wuu!”

“Wu!”

Yi!”

“Mi!”

After Shi Yu entered, the four pets were naturally released by Shi Yu. Compared to Shi Yu, their ability to adapt to the new environment was much stronger. They didn’t feel much change at all. However, it was also normal. President Ye and the owl said that they would only take them out three days later, which was 30 days inside. In other words, they felt that it was not a problem for Shi Yu to stay here for a month. “Let’s go in first and train later.” “The pressure here will increase depending on how long we stay here. Let’s take advantage of the fact that Baby Ginseng’s spirit is better now and evolve it first,” Shi Yu suggested.

“Yi!!!”

Baby Ginseng raised its arm and imitated the leader in a celebratory state, expressing its agreement.

At this moment, Eleven crossed its arms and looked like a big boss. Anything was fine. Chi Tong was aloof from worldly affairs. Its form kept changing between sword, sparrow, and phoenix… as it flew in the mystic realm of time. “Wu…” Buggy cheered for Baby Ginseng with a bitter expression. It calculated that Chi Tong and the leader’s racial levels were higher than its own. They had three to four super skills, and now, Baby Ginseng was at the bottom. If Baby Ginseng also mutated and evolved very strong, then… It suddenly had a teary feeling and understood a little. Being the first one to evolve might not necessarily be the best. The characters that appeared later would always be stronger than the previous ones. The reason was also very simple… Shi Yu’s strength and financial resources were constantly rising. The evolution materials used would definitely become better and better with time.

After deciding to evolve immediately, Shi Yu and the others arrived at the white palace square of the Time Mystic Realm. Although this place was also bare, compared to the white ground outside, it was at least barely a place for humans to stay. After arriving, Shi Yu and the others began to take out various mutated materials. The level-seven light-element resource, the Moon Gem that contained Moonlight Radiance. This Moonlight Radiance had once created a new species of werewolves and the giant ape totem of the seven islands. Ginseng Baby’s portion was definitely much smaller, but it should be able to provide some mutation effects. There was also the soil of time that contained the power of time and could mutate plants. There was an undead fruit. It had a chance for a lifeform to comprehend the power of death, or it could kill the lifeform with the corrosion of the power of death. In addition, the time mutation fruit that Baby Ginseng had spent a lot of effort to freeload from the Ice Dragon Ruins was almost all its savings. However, before eating this, Baby Ginseng itself absorbed the mutation power produced by the Time Mystic Realm through the mutation. “Yi…” After absorbing for a while, Baby Ginseng frowned and had a bitter expression. It felt that the volume here was a little larger than the Ice Dragon Ruins. Although there was indeed the power of time mutation and the stimulation was greater, absorbing it was still not that efficient…

As expected, the power of time was so high-end.

“Take it slow,” Shi Yu said with a smile.

With that said, he took out a set of poker cards and called Eleven, Buggy, and Little Chi Tong. “Let’s wait for it while playing.” Baby Ginseng:?? “The longer we stay in the time ruin, the greater the mental pressure. In any case, you don’t feel anything now. Why don’t you rest first?”

“Sob.” Eleven felt that this was a waste of time. Buggy also felt that way. Both of them wanted to train their overlord will as soon as possible, and they weren’t very interested in casual entertainment at the moment. Although Chi Tong was a little tempted, seeing that Eleven and Buggy didn’t say anything, it also turned around with difficulty and decided to train. “It’s not a big problem. You guys train yourselves. Just leave the Bean Bears and the Dragoness Phantom Illusion for me to play with.” Shi Yu was still very human. His qualities in various aspects were definitely inferior to pets. He wasn’t that resistant to pressure. He could only pass the difficult days through the entertainment project… A day after the Time Mystic Realm… More than two hours had passed in the outside world.

As Shi Yu entered the Time Mystic Realm, President Ye and the others left soon. After all, according to calculations, Shi Yu could only come out three days later in the outside world. President Ye, this busy person, went straight to work, while the gem cat dragged the local tyrant, the Prediction Owl, to treat it. For a moment, no one paid attention to Shi Yu. At this moment, in the mystic realm, Shi Yu and the others happened to arrive at the most critical moment.

After a day, Baby Ginseng had already accumulated a lot of time mutation power in its body through the transcendent mutation. It felt that with this time mutation power, it could mutate and evolve, and its strength would increase greatly.

However, Baby Ginseng and Shi Yu were clearly not satisfied with this. Baby Ginseng’s mutated body had yet to feel the pressure, so it could continue absorbing. However, what followed wasn’t just the power of time.

“Yi…” Baby Ginseng started to eat the Moonlight Gem and the soil of time. It started to eat the undead fruit and the time fruit, continuing to enrich the mutation power in its body. At this moment, if not for the fact that it had the mutation skill, its body would have already exploded. At the moment, there was already a huge amount of mutation power accumulated in the special organ that was waiting for Baby Ginseng to absorb it… A long time later… Baby Ginseng glanced at Shi Yu and felt that it was time to absorb the mutation power. “Then let’s begin.” Shi Yu smiled and gave Baby Ginseng a thumbs

up.

“Yi!” Baby Ginseng showed a determined expression. As Baby Ginseng decided to evolve, the other three little guys who had been strolling in the Time Mystic Realm for a long time immediately ran over to watch.

They surrounded Shi Yu and stared at Baby Ginseng, curious if Baby Ginseng could successfully mutate. In fact, if Baby Ginseng became stronger, the whole team would benefit. Eleven and the other pets understood this very well.

“Yi!”

From Baby Ginseng’s perspective, apart from being able to heal Shi Yu better after becoming stronger, its desire to increase its battle power was actually very strong. Whether it could escape the fate of the supplements depended on this moment!!

The mutation materials used this time were already very high-level. Although the mutation was a permanent skill, it was unrealistic to expect another mutation. This time, it had to be done in one go!! “Yi!!” Baby Ginseng shouted again. “Evolve.” Shi Yu looked forward to it silently.

In the next moment. Boom!!! Baby Ginseng completely activated its mutation power. In an instant, its body was like a reactor. All kinds of mutation power erupted uniformly and modified Baby Ginseng’s body. At this moment, the white evolution light instantly filled Baby Ginseng’s entire body. Among them, the huge power of time was the first to bloom, making Baby Ginseng’s body like a white hole in time. Under the baptism of the endless power of time, Baby Ginseng accidentally sensed in the white world that the greatest change that the power of time brought to it was actually… Digging out the potential in its body again to increase its quality. It was as if its body had experienced dozens or hundreds of years of training in an instant. Its life force had become incomparably rich. This was the speciality of supplement-type pets. The longer it lived, the better the nourishing effect.

This power of time seemed to directly change it from a hundred-year-old ginseng to a thousand-year-old ginseng. In addition, the skill that benefited the most might be the source of life. At this moment, its proficiency actually started to approach expert level. An incomparable fragrance bloomed from Baby Ginseng’s body and instantly filled the entire palace, moving Shi Yu, Eleven, and the others. “Yi…” In the white light, Baby Ginseng’s consciousness was in a daze. At the side, Shi Yu and the others didn’t dare to breathe, afraid that they wouldn’t be able to control themselves.

Holy shit.

This fragrance… At this moment, although Baby Ginseng’s evolution had yet to be completely carried out, Shi Yu’s index clearly reflected the energy changes of Baby Ginseng. In a short moment, its energy value went from 110,000 to 160,000, quickly catching up to the large group. However, this wasn’t what shocked Shi Yu and the others the most. The next scene was. The time power in Baby Ginseng’s body seemed to have resonated with the time power in the Time Mystic Realm. It immediately changed the extremely calm environment of the Time Ruins. Baby Ginseng’s body was like a huge black hole. It still wasn’t satisfied after absorbing the time mutation power in its body, as if its potential had yet to be completely unearthed. It actually started to absorb the time power of the outside world like it was absorbing the natural power!

This change directly made the white fog in the Time Mystic Realm look like a rolling sea of clouds. The entire Time Ruins trembled because of this. “Holy shit.” Seeing this, Shi Yu, Eleven, and the others were stunned. However, what made them even more stunned was still coming. At this moment, the evolution light on Baby Ginseng’s body swept through the power of time and directly turned into a power that surged into the sky, opening a huge white hole in the sky. No matter how Shi Yu looked at it, this huge white hole was like a huge hole opened by the owl when it sent them in.

At this moment, the appearance of this huge hole was very spiritual. It made Shi Yu very inclined to think that the Time Ruins wanted to take the initiative to pull them out. After all, they had wasted too much energy here…

However, the current evolution definitely couldn’t be stopped. Now was the most critical moment of Baby Ginseng’s evolution. Under the cover of the evolution light that illuminated the entire palace, Baby Ginseng had already started to awaken its first skill!

When this skill was awakened, Shi Yu was immediately stunned. His expression was flushed.

Because…

Time skill!!

Skill: Time Fruit

Attributes: Wood, Time

[Level]: Advanced

< Introduction > Creatures that create the Time Fruit and eat the Time Fruit can temporarily become young or old, thereby obtaining the peak strength of their youth or the peak strength after growth. Holy shit!

Shi Yu cursed in his heart twice. This was high-level? This was high-level?

The effect of a high-level spatial skill was already this impressive. Shi Yu didn’t expect that a high-level time skill was even more impressive. In an instant, he was stunned by the powerful ability of the Time Fruit.

What did this mean?

For example, if Zhong Xuan, who had suffered an incurable injury, ate a Time Fruit, could it directly recover to its peak without being injured? Of course, this definitely had a strength requirement for Baby Ginseng. Baby Ginseng had to be at least at the totem level. Apart from that, if it was eaten by a pet with great potential but not grown up, would it directly obtain the peak battle power of the future years? Would its battle power be off the charts?? Time element! Time element! This skill matched the time element too well. The only regret Shi Yu had was that it was “temporary”. All the effects were temporary, but this was also normal. If it wasn’t temporary, it would be a completely divine skill. Even super level would be too low of a category for it. Perhaps the duration of this Time Fruit was pitifully short. At the same time, the consumption of the ginseng baby would be countless times greater than creating nutrients. Shi Yu held his breath and continued watching. At the same time, what Shi Yu and the others didn’t know was that after the white hole formed by the resonance with Baby Ginseng connected to the outside world, it directly transmitted the commotion of Baby Ginseng’s evolution. The fragrance that filled the sky also quietly flowed out of the outside world.

At this moment, many people’s gazes had already been attracted by the huge white hole in the sky.

This white hole could also be seen in the outside world!

“What’s this?”

“What’s going on?”

In the outside world, the teachers and students of Imperial Capital University were extremely confused.

This was… the entrance to the ruins? The appearance of the entrance to the ruins was not the most terrifying thing. The most terrifying thing was that as the fragrance spread from the white hole, the entire sky was like the birth of the Undying Divine Medicine. Coming from the time ruin, it condensed an extremely spectacular heaven and earth phenomenon.

It was as if a huge ginseng baby made of fragrance was waving at everyone in the sky. In an instant, the white hole seemed to contain endless magic, making the pets watching there tremble as its genes reacted. At the battle club square of Imperial Capital University.

Because they had lost to Shi Yu, in order to wash away their humiliation in the National League, this group of people trained double the intensity every day. Vice-captain Bai Wenjie, Jiang Ran, ordinary members Liang Yan, Tang Yu, reserve members Yin Zhengfan, everyone was training hard. Of course, their pets were no exception. At this moment, perhaps because it was almost lunchtime, in the face of the sudden sky phenomenon of Imperial Capital University, these pets instantly drooled… As if their brains were controlled by something and they couldn’t help but want to rush in that direction.

“Ice River Mammoth, what’s wrong with you?” “Dark Three-Headed Python?!”

“Space Crystal Butterfly…”

Countless Beast Tamers’ pets were attracted by the change in the sky. They even broke away from the mental connection with the Beast Tamer all at once and showed some uncontrollable trends. This change made the students pale in fright, scaring them into hurriedly retracting their pets. At the same time, they looked at the huge change in the birth of the white hole with the divine medicine and immortal medicine in confusion. “What happened…” After everyone was stunned for a moment, they realized that something even more ridiculous was still to come. The pets with owners were naturally pulled back, but like a capital university in a school city, there were too many pets and wild pets raised. Even Ancient Capital University had a plant garden, so Imperial Capital University naturally had more.

At this moment, an extremely strange phenomenon occurred in Imperial Capital University. A large group of ownerless pets drooled as they walked towards the mountain forest where the owl’s temple was located. Their goal was to reach the highest point and approach the fragrant white cave.

Imperial Capital University, Feeding Department.

Many teachers from the Feeding Department looked at the anomaly in a daze. A respected old professor was confused for a long time before reacting and muttered, “This is… Is a legendary quality immortal medicine coming into existence?? Something’s wrong, in that direction, the Time Ruins??” At the moment, the most confused ones were definitely the gem cat and owl who were having a meal on a certain floor.

They naturally discovered the change very quickly.

The shocking fragrance was not only limited to the transcendent, commander, and monarch pets in the university, but even the two overlords trembled. They felt that the food in their mouths was no longer fragrant. “Holy shit.” The owl was stunned. At this moment, it suddenly felt that its Future Prediction skill had improved a little. “That direction is your house?” the gem cat asked.

“This, this, this…” The owl had yet to react. “Why did the mystic realm open by itself!!!” It was shocked. As for the gem cat, it looked at the baby ginseng phantom in the sky and was a little silent. After pondering for a moment, it said, “Perhaps an accident happened. Calm down. Although it was broken by Shi Yu, the Battle Emperor Ruins didn’t completely explode.” “Oh? You haven’t reacted yet? Something must have happened to your time ruin. It’s most likely related to… Shi Yu and Baby Ginseng’s evolution.” Owl: ???!!!

The owl was stunned. Without a word, it flew out of the room and crawled towards the Time Mystic Realm, not understanding what had happened.

Holy shit, the premonition skill improved, so shouldn’t that mean that the prediction was correct…

Didn’t that mean that the mutation had failed?

Why was there such a big reaction!!! Seeing this, the gem cat followed closely. At the same time, its heart was not calm…

As expected, something had happened in the Undead Battlefield and the Emperor Wu Ruins. It was impossible for nothing to happen this time…

The change was still ongoing. Baby Ginseng’s energy level was even continuing to increase. In the mystic realm of time, Shi Yu was extremely shocked. How should he put it? Baby Ginseng was indeed a race that specialized in energy. Previously, it was only a low-level monarch race. Its energy value naturally couldn’t compare to the other three pets of the overlord race.

But now, as it evolved, in a short moment, before it even awakened a new super skill, its energy level had already risen to 180,000, and it had already caught up to the large group. At the side, Buggy sensed the shocking change in the aura of the white ginseng baby and was getting depressed.

Fwoom…

Soon, Baby Ginseng indeed awakened a new super skill. This meant that its evolved race was not limited to the monarch race. It perfectly absorbed the power of mutation and successfully mutated its race level to the overlord level!

The dazzling evolution light fused with the power of life and seemed to have formed a white sea of life. A bright white moon directly rose from here and shone with dazzling light. Skill: Moon Explosion [Attributes]: Wood, Light [Level]: Super level < Introduction > The plant life it created can fuse with the Moonlight Radiation. The Moonlight Radiation will cause the natural life force in its body to expand until it exceeds the limit and erupts with power that far exceeds normal self-destruction. Self-destruct!!!

After awakening this skill, Baby Ginseng felt that it was walking further and further on the path of the explosive ginseng. This skill seemed to be similar to the effect of the Energy Fruit, but the upper limit was even higher. There was no need for Baby Ginseng to create more fruits one by one. In the future, if it used plant control to create a sea of trees and a forest, then in that forest, every blade of grass, tree, and even tree roots could absorb the Moonlight Radiance and erupt with power that exceeded self-destruction. At the same time, most importantly, Baby Ginseng could also use this move to make itself self-destruct and unleash incomparable power. Seeing Baby Ginseng awaken this move, Shi Yu was shocked and delighted.

Baby Ginseng should be very happy now. The power of this move was probably not inferior to Eleven and Buggy’s super skills. In fact, if it self-destructed, it would definitely be the strongest output in the team.

Unfortunately, self-destruction could only be used once. This was a skill that would definitely be used at the cost of one’s life. Dong Huang’s mechanical army relied on the self-destruction skill to intimidate the totems. In short, although this move was strong, it couldn’t be used… “Even if it’s just the self-destruction of plants, the power is immeasurable…” Shi Yu thought. After all, the simple explosion of the Energy Fruit was quite terrifying. If the Energy Fruit could absorb the natural power of the Moonlight Radiation, causing the energy to expand several times before exploding, the effect could be said to be even more terrifying. Shi Yu had heard that the energy value of the Giant Ape Totem of the seven islands could increase by at least ten times after absorbing the power of the Moonlight Radiation! This move was equivalent to a skill borrowing natural power. Moreover, it involved outer space, so it was definitely promising in the future.

At this moment, Baby Ginseng’s energy level had already broken through the 200,000 mark during continuous evolution, directly breaking through to the upper limit of the commander rank in one go. At this moment, Baby Ginseng already felt that it could break through to the monarch rank at any time and place. However, it was still suppressing it, but even so, it couldn’t offset the shocking energy fluctuations erupting from its body. As it evolved this time, Baby Ginseng displayed the shocking energy advantage of the supplement race again and directly ranked first in the team!!

At this moment, in the outside world, a large group of people had already gathered in the Time Forest.

The teachers, students, and even the school leaders and the several overlords guarding Imperial Capital University were all attracted by the commotion here and came to the owl’s territory. “Roar!!!!!”

In the sky, although it was still daytime, a bright moon was shining abnormally in the sky. It seemed to have formed a mysterious connection with the white hole. After that, the fragrance produced by the vortex was even richer, and even the overlord-level creature guarding Imperial Capital University was a little tempted. What exactly was it?? At that moment, the old principal of the Imperial Capital University, a white-haired woman, and a middle-aged man arrived at the same time. They looked at each other and the corners of their mouths twitched. They looked at the owl circling in the sky with a headache. Soon, they knew that this wasn’t the owl’s doing, but a big problem had happened in the Time Mystic Realm!! “What a sin.” The old principal of Imperial Capital University naturally knew what was going on.

Apart from Shi Yu, who had applied to enter the Time Mystic Realm to try and help Baby Ginseng evolve, it was impossible for there to be anyone else inside!! In other words, this commotion was caused by Shi Yu??

After knowing Shi Yu’s battle results in the Undead Battlefield and Emperor Wu Ruins, she shouldn’t have let Shi Yu come again!! “Damn, what’s going on?” President Ye Hui widened his eyes as he looked at this shocking phenomenon. He suspected very much that the Undying Divine Medicine had really appeared. Even the birth of a supplement from a quasi Mythical race didn’t cause such a big commotion, right? Shi Yu… what was this guy doing!!! “Stay away, get lost, get lost!!!” In the sky, the Prediction Owl maintained order with a stomach ache, its overlord aura spreading “Senior owl, this, what’s going on?”

A teacher and student who were more familiar with the owl asked in confusion. In the sky, the owl widened its eyes and said, “How on earth would I know? If I tell you that a ginseng baby is evolving inside, would you believe me??”

Everyone: “?”

What???

Everyone looked at the baby ginseng phantom in the sky in a daze, unable to think straight. F*ck, who were they kidding? How could there be such a big commotion when a ginseng baby evolved?? It could attract all the wild pets of the Imperial Capital University? It could make their pet disobedient and come to inhale the fragrance? It could make a group of overlord guardians come here to wipe their saliva? This was clearly some Undying Divine Medicine planted in the ruins of time that had ripened!

Undying Ginseng? At this moment, the world changed again. The illusory figure of the ginseng baby formed by the fragrance began the final change.

A ball of white mist crazily gathered around Baby Ginseng’s eyes… gradually forming a pattern. This pattern directly made the Prediction Owl in the outside world widen its eyes. This was surprisingly a time hexagram.

Inside the Time Ruins.

The white evolution light had already slowly faded, and Baby Ginseng’s appearance gradually appeared in front of Shi Yu and the others. Just as the Prediction Owl said, Baby Ginseng’s mutation this time didn’t change its form at all… No, it wasn’t accurate. There was still a little change, but the pupils of Baby Ginseng’s eyes directly turned into a white time hexagram, looking mysterious and noble. “Yi.” At the same time, the hexagram in Baby Ginseng’s eyes spun, awakening the last super skill.

Skill: Time Mark

Attributes: Wood, Time

(Level]: Super level

< Introduction > It can condense a time mark and record its own state. It can reverse time, reverse life and death, recover injuries, or revive itself after being injured and dying. Shi Yu: “????”

Holy shit.

Shi Yu widened his eyes. Baby Ginseng had only awakened three skills during this evolution. Among them, there were only two super skills. However, as the last super skill awakened, Shi Yu and Baby Ginseng instantly fell silent. What kind of awesome skill was this???

He just said that self-destruction was a forbidden skill, but now… even the revival skill was available??

Although Baby Ginseng sensed that the condensation and use of the time mark was very limited,… At this moment, Eleven, Buggy, and Chi Tong’s figures were immediately reflected in Baby Ginseng’s hexagram eyes. It felt that first place wasn’t that far off. At this moment, he silently analyzed Baby Ginseng’s current situation. Shi Yu felt that among the names, perhaps the one that matched its current state the most was that… [Race Name]: Undying Ginseng

[Race Attributes]: Wood, Time

[Race Level]: High-level overlord (Quasi Mythical) [Level of Growth]: Commander Level [Race Skill]:

Low-level: Sweet Aura (Dao Proficiency), Slow Healing (Dao Proficiency) Intermediate: Earth Chain (Dao Proficiency), Nutrition (Dao Proficiency) Advanced: Time Fruit (Initiate) Super level: Source of Life (Proficient), Time Mark (Initiate), Moon Explosion (Initiate) (Taught Skill] Low-level: Multiplication (Transcendent) Intermediate: High Speed Healing (transcendent), Strengthening (transcendent), Energy Storage Beam (transcendent), Super Sight (transcendent)

Advanced: Absolute Sleep (transcendent), Multiplication (transcendent), Energy Fruit (transcendent), Mutant (transcendent), Deterrence (transcendent) [Energy Points]: 220061 This time, not only did Baby Ginseng have the strongest time element, but its energy advantage also erupted perfectly! Although there weren’t many super skills and judging from the number of skills alone, it was only middle-level overlord race. Together with attributes, energy, and other qualities, the race was definitely above high-level overlords! “Undying Ginseng… Undying Ginseng Baby, revival skill… I didn’t expect… It’s the combination of the power of death and the power of time?” Shi Yu immediately shared the state of Baby Ginseng to Eleven, Buggy, and Chi Tong.

A moment later, the three pets were stunned.

After seeing Baby Ginseng’s terrifying energy value, the three pets were shocked. Especially after seeing the Undying Seal, Eleven, Buggy, and the others widened their eyes suddenly. “Wu!!!” “Wu!!!”

Eleven and Buggy danced around. What a joke. This, what kind of skill was this! Was this guy simply too frustrated from not being the strongest? It could even reverse death?? “Yi ~” Seeing that Eleven and Buggy were so excited, Baby Ginseng put its hands behind its back with a calm expression. Well, it wasn’t that strong or anything. Although it could achieve the combination skill of self-destruction and revival, the restrictions were still pretty big. For example… Before Baby Ginseng could finish showing off, suddenly, a suction force came from the white vortex in the sky. Shi Yu and the others were immediately stunned. What was going on! They had only stayed in the Time Mystic Realm for a day.

In the outside world, as the commotion became smaller, the owl gradually recovered its connection to the Time Mystic Realm. After that, it had no choice but to quickly pull Shi Yu and the others out of the mystic realm, afraid that something bad would happen again, such as the time ruin being blown up.

Then, under the gaze of countless people, Shi Yu, Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, and Chi Tong appeared in the white ruins with a white light.

At this moment, as Shi Yu came out of the Time Mystic Realm, time seemed to have stopped. Many Imperial Capital University students stared at Shi Yu in silence. The expressions of the students from the Imperial Capital University who had been beaten up by Shi Yu, especially Yin Zhengfan, froze almost instantly. Wait a minute, why, why was it Shi Yu?? At that moment, Shi Yu suddenly realized that something was wrong. He also looked silently at the crazy-looking owl, the gem cat that had a helpless expression, and the thousands of teachers, students, and pets surrounding him… After that, his heart skipped a beat. What… happened?

Why, they were all here. Didn’t they have school??

“You guys… came to see my ginseng baby evolve?”