Chapter 256 - Change In The Ruins Space

Chapter 256: Change in the Ruins Space

Translator:

Atlas Studios

Editor:

Atlas Studios

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Ping Cheng.

Shi Yu returned to the small villa that he had not returned to for a while.

In fact, if possible, he felt that living in the ruins space was pretty good.

At this moment, the ruins space had long been built into a huge home by Shi Yu and the others.

Eleven’s Bean Bear Troops Training Ground, Baby Ginseng’s Fruit Research Institute, Buggy’s Equipment Research Institute… and Shi Yu’s residence far away from these places. There was everything here.

Apart from that, there was also the farming area, resource room, canteen, and Chi Tong’s favorite leisure area.

Living in the ruins space was fine, but it was easy to be isolated from the world and become a shut in. After all, unless he took the initiative to leave, it was very difficult to quickly contact the outside world.

Most importantly, there was no Internet.

After returning to the villa, Shi Yu found a place for the gem cat to stay and called Principal Feng.

“Oh, Shi Yu?” Principal Feng’s voice came from the other side.

“Principal Feng, we’ve already seen the Ice Dragon.”

Somewhere, Principal Feng, who was representing Ancient Capital University in discussing the cooperation with the Ping Cheng Association, raised his eyebrows. How fast?

‘Wu Ling’s Bai family wanted to ride the Iron-eating Beast’s rise, so Ancient Capital University naturally also wanted to take a ride.

If the Iron-eating Beast became popular in the future, Ancient Capital University would become the only institute that could distribute the Iron-eating Beasts to outstanding students and help the Iron-eating Beast Tamer plan the evolution method. Then, what would Imperial Capital and Demon Capital

University do?

The temptation of a pet cub with overlord potential was definitely greater than everything.

“How is it? How did Ice Dragon react when it saw General Mu Huiyin’s heroic spirit?” Principal Feng asked quickly.

“Not bad, they’re as close as mother and daughter,” Shi Yu said.

Principal Feng smiled and looked away. Alright, alright.

Although he knew that Ice Dragon and Mu Huiyin’s relationship wasn’t bad, he didn’t expect it to be so good!

It looked like General Mu Huiyin was also a binding Beast Tamer. She actually raised her pet as a daughter. Not bad, not bad.

The reason why Dong Huang became stronger and stronger in the future was not only because its development was getting better and better, but also because a group of predecessors had left behind pets who voluntarily protected Dong Huang.

Compared to humans, the lifespan of some pets was still very long. For example, plant life forms, elemental life forms, dragons, and undead. As long as they absorbed enough resources that could ensure their growth, they could live for a long time. If it really didn’t work, they could still choose to sleep

and become secret guardians.

Just the benefits brought by this point was enough for the association to strongly promote the bond between Beast Tamers and pets.

“Then what did the Ice Dragon say? What plans does it have for the future?” Principal Feng asked.

“Thanks to the threat of the Undying Dark Phoenix, the Ice Dragon is willing to stay near Dong Huang as the guardian of Little Chi Tong and protect it from growing up. After all, it’s also afraid that the Undying Dark Phoenix will hurt its daughter. It still looks like one will definitely be injured if the two

mothers fight…”

“Huh???” Principal Feng suddenly sensed that something was wrong.

Wait, wait?

Who was whose mother?

“Principal Feng, can I enter the first bureau?”

After being stunned, before he could react, the corners of his mouth twitched. “We’ll talk about it later. It’s inconvenient over the phone, why don’t you come over too, or we’ll find you later.”

If he really associated with the Ice Dragon, Shi Yu could only be considered a reserve member of the first bureau.

After all, it was impossible to say how close the two parties were at the moment.

It wasn’t that easy to become an official member of the first bureau. At least, he had to fight alongside the guardian once and solve the crisis of Dong Huang before he could officially enter the sect.

Only in this way could it be proven that the Beast Tamer and the guardian had a certain bond. It could be said that there were basically no Beast Tamers who relied on tricks or intimidation tactics to get a beast to fight for them in the first bureau. They were all Beast Tamers who had a good relationship

with the guardian to the point where they could request their help.

After informing Principal Feng, Shi Yu was busy with his own things. After dealing with Ice Dragon, there was nothing important left.

Oh, wait, he still had to find time to teach the metal-element nurturing method to Senior Panda and get her to help Eleven awaken its Panda King bloodline.

At that time, Shi Yu could see the effect of Eleven’s deterrence skill.

A transcendent deterrence could even wrap around external objects for a long time. Shi Yu wanted to know how powerful a deterrence at the Dao Proficiency level was.

“Ying, I’ll go to the ruins space to take a look first. Call me if there’s anything.”

Shi Yu abandoned the gem cat into the villa and prepared a room for it. After leaving enough gem fruits, Shi Yu set up a temporary spatial teleportation passage in the ruins and said.

“Huh??” The gem cat let out a lazy cry. It felt that Shi Yu was becoming more and more impolite. He actually didn’t even call it teacher.

To think that it had even taught Shi Yu knowledge about the overlord’s will. Oh, Shi Yu used resources to exchange for it. That was fine.

Acrunch sounded. The gem cat took another bite of the gem fruit and watched Tom and Jerry calmly on the sofa.

In the ruins space.

Shi Yu gathered the four pets and looked at them seriously.

“About the overlord’s will…”

“Gulp.” Apart from Eleven… Buggy, Baby Ginseng, and Chi Tong swallowed their saliva.

They were actually not afraid of injury and training. After all, they had instant recovery and healing methods.

However, the problem was that Shi Yu’s description was too terrifying.

It required one to be exhausted and not have the strength to use skills and drag one’s injuries to face a situation where life and death exceeded the limit. This… wasn’t this making things difficult for the pet?

If they were careless, they might really die.

“If possible, I actually don’t want to force you to train this either.” Shi Yu fell into deep thought.

These little guys, including Baby Ginseng, were still in the child stage.

As for the overlord will, it was a product condensed by low-level pets to exceed the limits of their race and break through the racial bottleneck. During the training between life and death, their will and mind were trained to the extreme.

‘There was indeed no need for them to suffer now. It was good to grow up happily.

From the fact that Shi Yu had never heard of the overlords will before, he could tell that this thing was very difficult to condense. It was basically not common.

But the problem was that it had to be trained. If not, there would be no super skills.

Shi Yu estimated that the success rate of pets with overlord willpower to absorb super skills would definitely be above “high”.

As for what this thing was, Shi Yu found a way to understand it.

For example, if they encountered a totem, and if Baby Ginseng didn’t have the overlor¢’s will, it would definitely be so scared that it would pee and obediently offer up its whiskers and nutrients to save its life.

However, if Baby Ginseng had the overlord will, although it might still die after being touched by the totem, even if it was already dead, it still couldn’t accept it. Even if it died, it couldn’t accept it. Before dying, it wanted to use its whiskers to slap the other party. Perhaps, with the help of the overlord will,

it could even break through on the spot and kill the other party.

Inacertain situation, it was a very important ability.

He looked at Eleven and the others and said, “According to Teacher Ying, although your race level is enough for you to successfully grow to the overlord level, what about the totem level and the Mythical level?”

“You don’t have a Mythical race, so you can’t rely on natural growth to break through to the Mythical stage. Don’t you want to become a unique Mythical creature?”

“The overlord’s will might not be much help for you to break through to the overlord level, but since it can allow low-level creatures to break through bottlenecks and reach a higher level, it might also be the greatest help for you to break through to the Mythical level in the future.”

Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, and Chi Tong blinked.

It was too far, too far. The big pancake was too far away. They had yet to reach the monarch level. It didn’t feel realistic at all.

“Forget it, I’ll lay my cards on the table with you guys. There’s a problem with adding points. Although my physique is now enough to withstand the additional points of super skills, the side that receives the additional points, which is you guys, can’t absorb the experience of super skills without enough

willpower.”

“At best, your body will collapse, at worst, you will go berserk. It’s very dangerous. After all, the experience contained in super skills is not something low-level skills can compare to. It has already involved some rules.”

Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, and Chi Tong’s expressions changed. No wonder Shi Yu had never added any super skills!

“So you guys understand, right? The premise of adding points for super skills is the overlord’s will. If you can’t train the overlord’s will, you basically won’t be able to enjoy additional points in the future. In another way, as long as you have the overlord’s will, you’re basically guaranteed to be at the totem

level. Oh, no, the half-god level, which is the level of Yun An and the king of totems.”

“This current hard work is for the future.”

Their expressions gradually became solemn.

“But you’re still young, so I won’t force you. If you’re interested, practice. If not, there’s no hurry. Take your time. After all, even if you all have the overlord’s will, I can’t add more points for all of you. There has to be a queue. Whoever can train the overlord’s will first will definitely have to add more

points…”

suddenly, they all felt a sense of danger.

“Before that, let me think… Should I directly go to the wild to contract a wild pet that has already formed and mastered the overlor¢’s will…” Shi Yu fell into deep thought.

“Before you master the overlord’s will, I’ll give it some super skills…”

Great, this seemed to be a good idea?

He would directly contract a pet that had already undergone life and death training in nature and had a high success rate of adding points to super skills!

He just didn’t know if such a pet would follow humans. If it was disdainful towards adding points for free, that would be awkward.

“Wu wu wu!

At this moment, Eleven’s expression gradually became serious. It cried out, “No, no, no.”

It was definitely training its overlord will!

For the sake of increasing the points of super skills, charge!

Wasn’t it just tougher training? It wasn’t afraid!

“Wul!”

Buggy followed closely behind. The additional points of a super skill had the prerequisite was the overlord’s will? He should have said so earlier!

At most, it would experience the suffering during the Green Silkworm period again.

It would give it his all.

“Yi.” Baby Ginseng was also envious. If it became the first pet in the team to learn the overlord’s will, it would be the first to enjoy adding points to super skills. Then, its advantage would be like a snowball effect, rolling bigger and bigger

“Mi.” Chi Tong looked around. Seeing that everyone was so moved, it also flapped its wings. Then… Then it would also work hard.

“Very good!!!”

After saying a bunch of things, none of that was as persuasive as saying that the overlord’s will was the premise for the additional points of super skills, Shi Yu was in tears. Ice Dragon had been corroded down by the comfortable environment, while the gem cat had been corroded down by money. Their

hearts had been corroded by the points.

However, it wasn’t a big problem. If their current efforts weren’t for the sake of making it easier in the future, it would be meaningless.

After Shi Yu finished painting the rewards for the pets, the four little guys were eager to try.

However, they were quickly at a loss, not knowing what to do.

The greatest problem now was actually still because they were too strong. As their points had been added very comprehensively, they had Absolute Sleep that could quickly recover their physical strength, high-speed healing that could quickly heal injuries. The strength of a powerful monarch could allow

them to face most of the danger. Apart from some special environments, the training environment in the ruins didn’t seem to be enough for them to train.

“There’s no hurry now.” Shi Yu looked at the four little guys standing on the spot, not knowing how to train. “In a few days, we’ll go to the time mystic realm at Imperial Capital University.”

“Theard that the environment there is harsh. Life forms with weak willpower, lack of concentration, and unstable hearts will not be able to withstand the baptism of time power. In other words, that place is a very good place to train your willpower and heart. When Baby Ginseng goes there to evolve ina

few days, you guys can find a way there first.”

“yil!” Baby Ginseng’s eyes lit up. Evolution!

“Before that, compared to hoping to quickly train your overlord will, it’s better to spend time training super skills yourself first. Although super skills are harder to increase proficiency than low, mid, and high-level skills, with your foundation, proficiency should still be able to be reached quickly with

hard work,” Shi Yu touched his chin and analyzed.

Initial level to Expert level… Even if one didn’t directly add points, it wasn’t impossible.

“For example, Eleven, because you have lightning, electromagnetic levitation, and storage lightning trained to the extreme, your Lightning Rod skill is far more than just a regular entry level. It should be at the proficient level now.”

“Also, Buggy, your Imagination Domain and Dragon of Imagination are also almost proficient under the influence of phantom illusion.”

“Baby Ginseng, with your slow healing and high-speed healing proficiency increasing greatly, your proficiency level should have been driven away from the initial level.”

Super skills could increase the proficiency of low-level skills. In other words, low-level skills could definitely increase the proficiency of super skills. However, the range would definitely be much smaller, because super skills were harder to master the further one went, but without a doubt, it was still

effective!

Therefore, Shi Yu was also considering whether he should teach more low-level skills with high compatibility before they could be taught super skills so as to increase the level of super skills! Accumulation!

“In short, Eleven, you should mainly practice four super skills first. Your four super skills can be practiced at the same time. The efficiency won’t be low.”

“After you use bean soldier to summon 10 Bean Bears, you will first enchant the spatial abilities to the Bears and then use Thunder Rod to enchant them and yourself with the Thunder Rod to attract a thunderstorm. Then, you will let them use the Space Quake to resist the thunderstorm. If nothing goes

wrong, the thunderstorm will instantly destroy them. Of course, you will definitely be fine. The thunderstorm will be absorbed into your source of strength and used to train your Inner Power. This way, the four skills will be circulated…”

Eleven wanted to cry. Buggy, Baby Ginseng, and Chi Tong also wanted to cry.

‘What level of training method could this capitalist think of?

Bean, bean, bear…!

“Buggy, your training is also very simple. Practicing more of the “Finishing Touch: profundity is equivalent to training two super skills at the same time,” Shi Yu said. “If you have spare energy, you can use Psychic and Deterrence too.”

The ultimate profundity of the Finishing Touch was the strongest attack profundity of Buggy, which combined skills such as the Imagination Domain and the Dragon of Imagination.

If it wanted to use it, he had to first set up the Imagination Domain. This way, Buggy’s mental strength would undergo a qualitative change, and its strength would increase greatly. In this situation, using the Dragon of Imagination to obtain the dragon attribute and increase the dragon-element affinity

would greatly increase its physique. Then, it would fuse with the Illusory Phantom and the Imagination Domain and create the Divine Dragon Phantom in the Domain. Its main body could perfectly fuse the Divine Dragon Phantom to launch a fatal attack on the enemy.

This move could use Psychic power to accelerate the speed of the divine dragon and use Dragon Might to wrap around illusions. If it used the high-level dragon-element equipment in the spatial pocket, the power would be even higher, so high that even Eleven would find it difficult to withstand it.

Therefore, Buggy with equipment and Buggy without equipment were two completely different races.

“Wuu wu wu.” Buggy nodded.

“Baby Ginseng, you… source of life… You just have to treat yourself after hurting yourself.”

Baby Ginseng:??

“It means that it’s better to wait for evolution. There are too few super skills now.”

Ginseng Baby: QAQ

It was easy for Chi Tong. He just had to hand the Ice Dragon Blade to it for safekeeping. Chi Tong could use the ice power through the possession of the Ice Dragon Blade. At this moment, the Ice Dragon Phantom in the Ice Dragon Blade would use the frost power to cooperate with Chi Tong’s Sun Flame

and use the Interlocking Sword. This could also be considered to have trained the Sun Flame and the Interlocking Sword.

The use of the Interlocking Sword would cause damage to the body and was extremely draining. The Flame of Rebirth in the Spirit Release Phoenix Spirit state, the Flame of Recovery, solved these and could be considered training.

“Use the Ice Dragon Blade and the Heavenly Thunder Slash to practice in turns,” Shi Yu said to Chi Tong.

In fact, apart from the Ice Dragon Blade and the Battle Emperor Ruins, Shi Yu and the others had also forged other equipment in the past three months.

Among them, the Heavenly Thunder Slash was the second longsword created by Shi Yu and the others after the Ice Dragon Blade.

If the Ice Dragon Blade was an ice-element weapon, then the Heavenly Thunder Slash was naturally a thunder-element weapon.

It still used a forging method similar to the Ice Dragon Blade, but the core of the Ice Dragon Whiskers was changed to the hardening substance that Eleven gave the lightning-eating characteristic.

Inside the Heavenly Thunder Slash, Eleven’s phantom, created by Buggy, was sleeping, controlling the lightning switch.

In short, when Chi Tong possessed the Heavenly Thunder Slash, it could trigger the power of the Heavenly Thunder and cooperate with it to use the Thunder Flame Interlocking Sword to suppress it.

Unfortunately, Eleven’s Space Quake proficiency was too low, and its nature was not enough to last. It could not create spatial weapons, but the Ice Dragon Blade and Heavenly Thunder Slash were enough.

Relying on the metal element, the Ice Flame Interlocking Sword, and the Thunder Flame Interlocking Sword, the destructive power was already large enough. The interlocking attributes were also perfect. Just these two profundities were enough for Chi Tong to train in a short period of time.

“Go.”

After coaxing the four little guys away, Shi Yu stretched and thought for a moment before strolling in the ruins space.

He realized that there seemed to be no more resources here. All of them had been consumed in the ruins of Emperor Wu. He might need to replenish some.

Now, there were only the spiritual plants and spiritual fruits in the farm area ginseng baby had grown for the entire team.

There were high-level spiritual fruits that replenished nutrition for Eleven, Buggy, and Chi Tong, as well as delicious spiritual fruits that purely satisfied their appetite.

These could barely maintain daily consumption and output using the lush skill of the ginseng baby. However, apart from that, Shi Yu also planned to replenish some metal resources for Eleven, some water and earth resources for the ginseng baby, and soul crystals for Chi Tong. As for Buggy, well, it could

really just eat fruits. It wasn’t that Shi Yu couldn’t bear to buy other things.

After confirming the nutritional resources needed to be replenished, Shi Yu went to the equipment research institute.

Apart from forging the Heavenly Thunder Slash, there was actually much more equipment during this period.

For example, the spatial equipment “storage bag” created by the fusion of the worm silk and the full-level spatial pocket.

After Buggy’s spatial pocket reached the maximum level, it had the ability to temporarily open up an alternate space separate from its body. With this ability, Shi Yu and the others developed storage equipment.

Unfortunately, due to the restriction of Buggy’s strength, the storage bag’s ability could not be maintained for long. Shi Yu estimated that if he wanted to commercialize the storage bag, the shelf life of this equipment would have to be more than a year. Perhaps after Buggy’s monarch level, it would have

the ability to do it.

And when it reached the totem level, it might also have the ability to open up a mystic realm.

Apart from the Heavenly Thunder Slash, storage bag, and equipment research institute, there was actually a pile of messy things. These levels were relatively low, and the shelf life was not long. If Buggy’s research institute was a pile of perfume and sachets, then this place was a pile of talismans and jade

pendants wrapped in deterrence and containing illusions. They were all experimental toys for Eleven and Buggy.

If this was only a small experiment, then the Equipment Research Institute beside the equipment research institute was a big project.

There were the Awakening Mirror and the Tyrant Dragon fossil preserved here. Apart from that, although there were no mechanical parts, there was a pile of little Tyrant Dragon Phantoms running around in the backyard like chickens.

After Buggy’s dream stealing reached the maximum level, the effect of its ability was even stronger. Even the super skills mastered by the Tyrant Dragon in the Tyrant Dragon fossil dream could be replicated and given to the Tyrant Dragon Phantoms.

In other words, apart from not being a real life form, the Tyrant Dragon phantom it created now had time restrictions and no growth. The racial abilities and skills it had mastered were already no different from that of the Tyrant Dragon.

Now, surrounding these illusions, Shi Yu and the others were studying how to revive these illusions in the true sense of the word. For example, they had tried using the Awakening Mirror directly, or using Baby Ginseng’s Life Nutrition Fruit. Unfortunately, they couldn’t. Therefore, in the end, it looked like

they had to return to the Mechanic class.

The greatest disadvantage of phantom illusions was that they needed energy to maintain and had no growth rate. If they could rely on the mechanical shell to maintain it, they could solve the problem of survival. If they could integrate into mechanical lives, the problem of growth would also be solved.

The ancient mechanical lives that had mastered ancient skills could be born because of this!

In the ruins of Emperor Wu, Shi Yu was restricted by the materials and couldn’t carry out subsequent research. However, after coming out this time, Shi Yu planned to let this work go on track.

Firstly, it was to buy a batch of basic mechanical materials!

He still wanted to enter the fourth bureau with the research of the ancient mechanical lives

After walking around the ruins space again, Shi Yu realized that he still had a lot of missions. However, at the moment, the most important thing was definitely still the evolution of the ginseng baby. Shi Yu stepped into the resource room to take a look.

The Moonlight Gem sent by the gem cat, the soil of the time prize of the Feeding Conference, the 13 Death Mutation Fruits condensed by Baby Ginseng itself, and the time mutation fruit that it had gotten for free from the Ice Dragon Ruins were almost all the materials Baby Ginseng had prepared for

evolution.

“Life and death, sun, moon, and time are all high-level things. It’s probably the foundation of a middle-level overlord race…” Shi Yu was filled with anticipation..