Chapter 251 - Machinery Reaching God’S Forbidden Zone

Chapter 251: Machinery Reaching God’s Forbidden Zone

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator:

Atlas Studios

Editor:

Atlas Studios

In the ruins of Emperor Wu in downtown Wu Ling.

A long blockade line established by the Beast Tamer Troops wrapped the place tightly.

After all, there might be a totem inside.

Although it didn’t look like an enemy totem, what if? If it came out, it would be troublesome.

“T’ve never felt so stifled in my life.”

White Brook’s uncle, Commander White, looked at the blockade and kept sighing.

At the moment, although Dong Huang’s forbidden weapon had already locked onto Emperor Wu Ruins, if it fought with the totem in this geographical location, humanity would purely be harming itself.

The totems in the totem area and the totems in the human countries were two completely different levels of threat to a country. After all, no country wanted to throw forbidden weapons in areas with good economic development in their country.

“Commander… Commander Bai.”

“There’s a reaction from the ruins!

During Commander Bai’s daily patrol, suddenly, a soldier’s voice attracted him, making him widen his eyes.

“What did you say?!!”

A moment later, under the gaze of hundreds of Beast Tamer Troops, the figure of four pets slowly appeared in the nine pillar teleportation area with a white flash.

At this moment, when they saw this figure, all the soldiers were stunned. They immediately cried. Wasn’t this the Shi Yu they had been searching for nearly three months?

It looked like this disaster kid didn’t die!

It was a good thing.

This meant that the totems inside weren’t hostile.

“Shi Yu!!!” After discovering that Shi Yu had come out, Commander Bai arrived at the blockade and watched him from outside the teleportation area.

“Well…” Just as he came out, Shi Yu immediately understood what was going on when he saw the array.

He couldn’t help but show an embarrassed expression. “Well, thank you for your hard work…”

“The totem inside…” This was what Commander Bai was most concerned about.

After a slight silence, Shi Yu said, “Probably… probably dead.”

In the past two months, he had never successfully contacted Zhong Xuan again. When he came out, he also wanted to tell Zhong Xuan, but he didn’t receive a response.

According to Zhong Xuan itself, it had probably used its racial talent to be reborn.

“Fuck, you destroyed the totem?” Commander Bai was shocked.

Everyon

Shi Yu: “?”

What was going on?

Many soldiers looked at their commander and were speechless. They had already said not to keep fusing with pig-type pets.

Shi Yu’s face darkened. “How is that possible?”

Next, Shi Yu received the strictest care.

Soon, Legend Bai, President Bai, White Brook, Principal Feng and Lu Qingyi, who had been staying in Wu Ling City for the past two months, arrived.

When they saw that Shi Yu had come out unscathed, they were immediately pleasantly surprised.

“It’s good that you’re alright.” Principal Feng laughed.

“Yay, you didn’t lose an arm or a leg.” White Brook punched.

Lu Qingyi smiled and didn’t say anything.

Looking at Legend Bai, Principal Feng, Lu Qingyi, and White Brook in front of him, Shi Yu was silent.

Seeing so many people concerned about him, he was a little nervous.

He had probably caused quite a stir in the past three months of his disappearance. He had already expected it inside.

In order not to let everyone discuss him, Shi Yu could only quickly change the topic and say, “I’m fine, but I have something important to say.”

“Imade a big discovery inside. An archeological discovery.”

Soon, all the relevant people gathered.

Inaroom, Shi Yu, Legend Bai, Principal Feng, and Bai Lu sat together.

Seeing how serious Shi Yu was with that complicated expression, the few of them were also taking this seriously. They temporarily shifted their attention from Shi Yu to what Shi Yu was about to say.

“Things are a little complicated

“The reason why the ruins of Emperor Wu changed, the reason why you were teleported out, and I was left behind is because a totem lives in the depths of the ruins space, and the true identity of this totem…”

“It’s Emperor Wu’s pet, Zhong Xuan.”

Shi Yu spoke slowly. As soon as he finished speaking, the pupils of Principal Feng, Lu Qingyi, and the others constricted.

“Holy shit.” Legend Bai was directly stunned.

“Zhong… Zhong Xuan… The legendary totem that has the bloodline of a divine turtle?”

“Wait, I remember that you cursed a turtle at that time. Was it because of this that you were left behind?”

Shi Yu :”…”

“How is that possible?”

Shi Yu quickly explained, “Actually, my guess that day was right. The Emperor Wu Ruins was indeed a training ground built by Emperor Wu to train the Iron-eating Beast Corps. Moreover, it was built by Chong Xuan.”

“The secret of the Iron-eating Beast’s second stage evolution is indeed stored inside.”

“Because Eleven and I performed too well on the Wei Lin Platform, we directly triggered the reward mechanism of the trial facility. Zhong Xuan was also awakened because of this.”

Everyone was a little stunned.

Especially Legend Bai, President Bai, and the others.

The few of them widened their eyes. Holy shit, Shi Yu was really right??

This luck was too damn good.

“Then?” White Brook couldn’t help but ask.

“T’ve come into contact with Zhong Xuan and also understood some lost history.”

“For example, the Wu Emperor Dynasty has a powerful iron-eating beast army.”

“For example, Emperor Wu himself also contracted a powerful Iron-eating Beast.”

“For example, Emperor Wu died from a battle with a demigod-level totem.”

“For example, the method for the iron-eating beasts to truly evolve into overlord races!”

Every word Shi Yu said shocked everyone. The entire Bai family was a fan of Emperor Wu, and as archeologists, Principal Feng and Lu Qingyi naturally cared about this very much. They couldn’t help but hold their breaths and listen to Shi Yu quietly.

“In short, because I was too outstanding, Zhong Xuan couldn’t help but pull me and help my Eleven complete the evolution.”

“Unfortunately, there aren’t many evolution materials stored inside… My Iron-eating Beast only evolved to a high-level overlord race with the help of Zhong Xuan. It doesn’t even have half the potential after complete evolution.”

Everyone:

‘They weren’t the ones with a problem. This Shi Yu was the one with a problem.

Damn it, was he using human language?

High-level overlord was looked down upon now?

President Bai and White Brook’s eyes turned red.

He had a pet of an overlord race that was already praised as legendary. Now that Shi Yu had a pile of them, was it appropriate?

Apity..?

Principal Feng said, “You stayed inside for two months just to evolve…? Then, what about Zhong Xuan??”

Shi Yu said, “No, the evolution wasn’t meant to be so focused on… The key is that Senior Chong Xuan is heavily injured and isn’t far from death. This time, it was purely shattered because we accidentally woke it up… It’s also the owner of the ruins, and it’s closely related to the stability of the ruins. If we’re

not wrong, it should have fallen now. After that, the ruins space slowly stabilized, and we were able to come out…”

Everyon

“Zhong Xuan died??” Legend Bai was stunned, and his eyes exploded. Holy shit, how could it die?

Principal Feng, Lu Qingyi, and the others opened their mouths slightly. They wanted to say something, but they didn’t know what to say.

Shi Yu said, “Of course, it’s also possible that it didn’t die. It said that it still has hope of rebirth, but it needs hundreds of years…”

Their expressions changed again.

Was it any different from being dead?

Then, Shi Yu told the other party in greater detail about Emperor Wu, Chong Xuan, and Yun An.

‘When they heard that Emperor Wu Imperial Dynasty relied on the overlord race, the Iron-eating Beast Corps, to go against the half-god Yun An, everyone was momentarily at a loss.

“The greatest gain this time should be the iron-eating beast’s overlord race evolution plan,” Shi Yu said seriously.

“Among them, the most important evolution materials are the meteorite fragments.”

“Although other rare level-eight metals can also achieve the effect of evolution, I’ve checked. Those metals aren’t renewable resources. They have already disappeared from the historical stage, and the birth conditions are incomparably difficult. There are very few of them. In comparison, the meteorite

fragment might be the only stable evolution channel.”

Meteorite Fragment

Principal Feng frowned and fell into deep thought.

“In other words, Emperor Wu pretty much took Yun An down with him, but Yun An might not necessarily be dead completely…” President Bai was solemn.

“I’s because it fought with Yun An that Emperor Wu could use the fragments of its body to steadily nurture the Iron-eating Beast’s second stage evolution form…”

“Well, actually… Zhong Xuan also gave me a piece of Yun An’s fragment, but the problem is that it said that if I used this thing, I would definitely be targeted by Yun An. That…” Shi Yu said,” So you understand, right?”

Legend Bai, Principal Feng, Lu Qingyi, and White Brook’s expressions gradually became rich.

This was guaranteed loneliness!!!

Ordinary totems, top-notch totems, half-gods… Half-gods were existences that stood at the top of totems. To find trouble with them?

Even if the stable evolution channel of the overlord race was important, the price to obtain it was a little too high.

“Actually, the most important thing is that Yun An might not necessarily be in uts peak state now. After all, to revive it probably requires a huge amount of energy. If it still exists, it must recover its strength somewhere. Perhaps it doesn’t even have the strength of an ordinary totem now. This is the most

important thing.”

“and to make a correction, perhaps it’s not a stable overlord race evolution plan, but a quasi-mythical race evolution plan. This is because it’s said that the more meteorite fragments used, the greater the evolution potential…”

Everyone:

“In short, let’s put aside our plans for Yun An first. If I use Yun An’s fragment… If it attacks, I should be fine, right?” Shi Yu asked quietly. “Can I use it?”

As Shi Yu finished speaking, everyone fell silent again.

Legend Bai had a headache. “You brought back impressive news.”

Archeologists were indeed all busybodies. Their Wuling City had used this ruin for decades and it was all fine, but Shi Yu had come with a bunch of trouble.

“If Yun An comes to Dong Huang because of this, things won’t be so complicated. Then it’s probably not far from becoming a renewable resource,” Principal Feng said.

White Brook said, “In other words, it’s very difficult to take the initiative to choose if you want to provoke a creature suspected to be a demigod because of a stable overlord race channel. You have to consider the gains and losses.”

“On the contrary, if it takes the initiative to attack, there’s no need to be conflicted?”

Legend Bai said, “That’s roughly what it means. This is the difference between taking the initiative to fight and being forced to fight back.”

“The act of initiating a battle with a totem area’s totem requires at least the approval of most of the legends and higher-ups in the country. Our Dong Huang main battle faction is actually still very small.”

“Moreover, if we can destroy Yun An for resources today, it might be thought that we might also attack the other totems tomorrow. It won’t be good if the totems also form an alliance.”

“The number of forbidden machines we use to deter totems is limited after all. If a large-scale battle breaks out, it will be disadvantageous for us.”

“In that case, law enforcement is the best choice?” White Brook asked.

Lu Qingyi: “… The premise is that Yun An really runs over here foolishly, but it’s impossible no matter how I think about it.”

At this moment, as he listened to everyone’s discussion, Shi Yu felt relieved.

Legend Bai said, “In my opinion, we can investigate Yun An’s information first.”

“After all, we’re the ones taking the initiative now.”

“If it hasn’t recovered yet, it’ll be easier to bombard it directly. In any case, the next totem battle will happen sooner or later. The benefits of being able to settle one of our forces in advance are definitely greater than the disadvantages.”

White Brook said eagerly, “I suddenly feel a little sorry for Emperor Wu… Speaking of which, how many forbidden weapons would it take to defeat Yun An?”

‘The opponent that Emperor Wu could only defeat with all his might was countered by the modern Mechanic class.

After all, the forbidden mechanical weapons and mechanical army of Dong Huang Totem only had one attack skill to deter the totems.

Self-destruct.

‘An incurable injury?

There was no intention to get injured in the first place.

Only this extreme battle strategy could make the totems tremble in fear.

Legend Bai said, “Sigh, although Emperor Wu is strong, the era has changed.”

“As for how much needs to be used, it’s hard to say.”

“Although the divine-level forbidden weapon that that person developed can kill demigods, the problem is that there are limited numbers. The cost of creating it is too high, so it’s impossible to easily activate it.”

“Back then, it was because the divine forbidden machinery killed three foreign demigods that the totem battle in the world quickly ended. However, we have to be especially careful when using this thing. If we use it all, we won’t have any weapons to threaten the totem creatures.”

“Machines can reach the forbidden power level of Gods, but the premise is that our firepower is strong enough.”

Not only could divine forbidden-type forbidden machines lock down space and lock onto enemies, but they were also suitable for various extreme environments such as the ocean and space. Moreover, they had a strong destructive effect on the soul and mind, not something ordinary forbidden weapons

could compare to.

This was Dong Huang’s final trump card.

“We definitely can’t use a divine forbidden-level mechanical life form easily. If Yun An hasn’t recovered to his full strength and we can rely on ordinary forbidden weapons to solve it… Even if we need ten ordinary forbidden weapons, such a resource exchange is worth it. After all, the cost of creating

ordinary forbidden weapons isn’t that high. The only difficulty is that we need a legendary Beast Tamer to activate them.”

“But for a big matter of this level, everything will definitely depend on that person’s decision.”

“Ah…” White Brook was slightly stunned.

This was the first time Shi Yu had heard these important figures discuss the mechanical legend.

He said, “Will this matter alarm that person?”

Principal Feng glanced at Shi Yu and shook his head. “Let’s make the decision first.”

“That person no longer exists in the form of a human. After gathering resources in the country and creating a large number of forbidden machines, in order to prevent accidents from happening, he has already modified himself into a Mechanical Heart and turned into a consciousness to supervise all

special types and forbidden machines.”

“Under normal circumstances, he’s sleeping. He can’t be awakened easily.”

Shi Yu was slightly stunned before nodding.

“Then I’ll leave it to you…” After explaining the situation in Emperor Wu Ruins, Shi Yu knew that he couldn’t interfere anymore.

It was up to the association to decide what to do next. He only needed to develop slowly now.

Perhaps, before the decision was made, he would already be a legend?

“By the way.” At this moment, Lu Qingyi looked at Shi Yu.

“Oh?” Shi Yu turned around.

“Recently, something big happened that’s related to you.”

“The Ice Dragon on the Ice Dragon Snow Mountain, the battle beast of General Mu Huiyin, broke through to the totem level not long ago and became an Ice Dragon Totem.”

“Ithas already made a decision to cooperate with humans to completely destroy the Ice River Totem.”

Shi Yu: “?

“What?!”

Shi Yu widened his eyes and looked at Senior Lu.

“Aunt Ice Dragon advanced to totem level??”

Lu Qingyi nodded and said, “Yes…”

“After only talking once last time, it directly went to sleep and cultivated. When it woke up, it broke through to the totem… By the way, it said it wanted to see you. To be precise, it wanted to see your sword spirit.”

Principal Feng and the others had strange expressions.

Good heavens, he had contracted the heroic spirit of its master. It was time to meet it.

However, wasn’t Shi Yu’s experience a little too rich?

In just a year, the Ice Dragon, Zhong Xuan, Undying Dark Phoenix… He was related to a bunch of totems!

At this moment, Shi Yu was silent.

This.

Initially, he was still feeling regretful that he couldn’t cozy up to Senior Zhong Xuan, but… Aunt Ice Dragon actually advanced to totem?

So awesome?

Then, couldn’t he directly rely on Little Chi Tong’s background to become Aunt Ice Dragon’s associate and become its spokesperson to enter the first bureau? That would be living up to the name of his goddess!

“Let’s put the matter of Yun An aside first. You guys can slowly work it out. I, a little master, won’t interfere. When can I return to Ping Cheng?” Shi Yu said.

Everyone :”…”

Principal Feng said angrily, “Let’s settle the matter here first. I beg you, don’t mess around anymore, although this time… it wasn’t a loss!”

Legend Bai cried at the side. It was not a loss for the archeological discovery, but the economic loss of Wu Ling City this time directly went up to one billion.

Fortunately, the Emperor Ruins was alright!

“Wait.”

rincipal Feng suddenly discovered the blind spot.

“You’re a master?”

Shi Yu said, “Well, thanks to the Space Crystal Stone President Ye gave me, I’ve been holding it in for two months. I even successfully broke through to the master level, but my pet hasn’t broken through to the monarch level yet.”

Everyon

Holy shit, these two months have been especially fulfilling.

“Wait, wait, wait, wait. The most important thing is how strong your Eleven has become!! Hurry up and tell me,” White Brook couldn’t help but say.

‘The news she received today was too explosive.

Emperor Wu had an Iron-eating Beast??

Then she had to contract one too!!!

An overlord race.

‘Was money a problem??

No!

“Very strong. In short, it’s not a loss to nurture iron-eating beasts. Senior, there are still three little iron-eating beasts with very good aptitude at Ancient Capital University. Look and choose one for yourself and Senior Lu. Believe me, it’s definitely not a loss!!”

White Brook and Lu Qingyi looked at each other. In any case, White Brook was very tempted.

But words were useless.

Legend Bai, Principal Feng, and the others looked at each other.

“Speaking of which, after discussing for so long, shouldn’t we confirm the strength and potential of the iron-eating beasts of the overlord race first?”

This was the most important thing that determined the decision of the upper echelons of Dong Huang.

“This…” Shi Yu nodded and said,” Sure. ”

“Should I directly show it or use it to fight? I think… it should still be pretty strong at the moment. Although it’s only at the commander rank, it shouldn’t be a problem to defeat ordinary monarch ranks.”

Legend Bai, Principal Feng, and the others had strange expressions. Good lord, look at this arrogant speech.

At this moment, President Bai, who had been unable to interject, suggested, “Haha, then I feel that you can completely take a master-level assessment while you’re at it. I happen to have a friend who’s on a business trip to Wuling City. He has a sealing talent, so he should be able to test the various skill

limits of your Iron-eating Beast very well. This way, the data you guys obtain will be more accurate.”

“Eh, wait, you guys definitely know him too. He’s Master Qu Jie from the ancient capital.”

Principal Feng, Shi Yu, and White Brook:

Again.