Chapter 257 - Returning To The Imperial Capital

Chapter 257 Returning to the Imperial Capital

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

After spending half a day arranging the materials list, Shi Yu glanced at the pets who were training according to his plans and left the ruins space happily.

Outside, after an unknown period of time, the gem cat had already changed the television program from Tom and Jerry to Digimon.

The cat lay on the soft sofa, eating delicious fruits and watching the television leisurely…

It was the life Shi Yu yearned for.

After solving the mystery of the disappearance of the myth and his transmigration and contracting a divine beast to watch over the family, he had to return to this beautiful life.

“Why are you out again?” The gem cat took another bite of the gem fruit. It was living purely for food.

“Internet connection.”

“Well, I plan to go to Imperial Capital University in two days to help Baby Ginseng evolve in the Time Mystic Realm. Do you want to go?”

“Ha -” The gem cat yawned and said with sleepy eyes, “Go? In my opinion…”

“Let’s take advantage of this evolution to directly let it break through to the monarch level. Stop suppressing it…”

The gem cat had a premonition that after Baby Ginseng evolved and broke through, the gem fruits it created would definitely be more delicious.

However, it was ridiculous for Shi Yu to keep letting the four pets hold their levels down together. The other Beast Tamers who couldn’t nurture monarchs would cry when they saw this.

Was he trying to train that overlord willpower??

The gem cat couldn’t imagine a ginseng baby with an overlord’s will. However, after thinking about it carefully, it felt pretty good that a pet with an overlord’s will had to be its chef?

“No, it’s still early.” Shi Yu rejected.

In any case, the four pets could break through at any time. What was the hurry? After they broke through to the monarch level, each of them would have millions of energy points. At that time, the training cost would be immeasurable.

At least, Shi Yu didn’t think that they could still train freely in the ruins space after breaking through to the monarch level. Although the ruins space gifted by Bureau 11 was not low-level, it definitely couldn’t withstand the four powerful monarchs training crazily inside. They would definitely make a mess inside.

At least they could train inside now that his level was low. When he broke through, there would really be no training venues in school or city.

LILY.

Why were there basically no master-level students in the school? Why didn’t master-level students continue to study higher?

It was because the school’s training facilities were no longer enough to support the effective training of masters and monarchs.

If masters and monarchs wanted to enter a level higher, they could only go to various places in the wild to train, such as the Ice Dragon Snow Mountain and the Undead Battlefield.

Then, Shi Yu lay on his big bed and started to shop online.

He directly ordered an expensive thing and placed the address in the Beast Tamer Association, in case he wasn’t at home. It was impossible for him to buy it himself. He could only buy it online.

After completing all of this, Shi Yu’s phone rang. It was from Senior Panda. Shi Yu directly picked up.

“We plan to have dinner with Principal Feng, Legend Bai, and the others. You should come over too.”

“Alright, where’s the address?” After chatting with Senior Panda for a while, Shi Yu realized that it was getting late. He couldn’t help but stretch lazily.

After chatting with Senior Panda for a while, Shi Yu realized that it was getting late. He couldn’t help but stretch lazily.

At this time, a strong alliance was indeed a good choice. The Iron-eating Beast Feeding Base in Ping Cheng provided the Iron-eating Beast cubs, Emperor Wu Ruins in Wu Ling City provided the training venue, and Ancient Capital University… provided high-quality buyers. As a scientific research organization, they studied the evolution, skills, and system cultivation methods of the Iron-eating Beasts. At the same time, they connected the officials and planned to kill Yun An. “Where’s Buggy? Stop training and C… Oh, wait, Teacher Ying, please teleport me.”

Ying: “?”

“Let’s go eat,” Shi Yu said. The gem cat got up. This was more like it.

In the high-end restaurant specially used by the Ping Cheng Association to receive guests, Shi Yu was the last to arrive.

When he arrived, Master Lin and President Feng were chatting with Principal Feng, Legend Bai, and the other big shots with a smile.

As for Lin Xiuzhu, Lu Qingyi, and White Brook, the three of them were chatting happily on the other side. When he saw this scene, Shi Yu immediately fell silent. This was because he realized that Senior Lu and Senior Bai were also wearing the same panda coat as Lin Xiuzhu and also similar panda accessories. Shi Yu :”…”

“You’re here.” Principal Feng immediately smiled when he saw Shi Yu and the gem cat teleport over.

“Yeah!” After Shi Yu nodded, he still looked at the three seniors, wanting to know what was going on. “How is it? The souvenir Senior Lin gave us when we were shopping at the breeding base isn’t bad, right?” White Brook asked.

Lin Xiuzhu smiled and nodded.

Shi Yu: “Not bad…”

“Eh, is this a gem cat? Shi Yu, when did you contract a gem cat?” At the same time, Elder Feng of Ping Cheng looked at the gem cat around Shi Yu in surprise and said, “This cat is really handsome…”

“Uhh.” Shi Yu raised his brows. Old Feng… This president didn’t know what he was doing… “Let me introduce you. This is the guardian overlord of our Ancient Capital University. He’s the gem cat screen teacher who saved many teachers and students from Ancient Capital University in the undead disaster a hundred years ago.” Principal Feng immediately introduced with a smile.

After being introduced, the gem cat looked at President Feng. President Feng was immediately stunned, and his eyes nearly popped out. He kept cursing in his heart. This gem cat was an overlord-level creature??

It was the same level as the ice dragon on the snow mountain before it broke through??

After all, there wasn’t a single overlord-level creature in the entire Icefield City who could befriend humans. The ones they were friends with were usually somewhere around legend…

“Sorry!!” President Feng immediately bowed crazily to the Gem Cat. Seeing this, Hall Master Lin, who was beside him, laughed. This president wasn’t good enough. His eye power was weak.

Unlike him, who had long known that such a powerful creature was hidden in Ancient Capital University through his daughter who studied at Ancient Capital University.

“Sigh -” The gem cat continued to yawn and said, “When is dinner?”

“Almost,” President Feng immediately said and treated this lady like an ancestor.

Soon, everyone sat down and waited for dinner. They also communicated about the cooperation. Although everyone had almost finished discussing, they definitely had to seek the opinion of Shi Yu, the Iron-eating Beast spokesperson.

“We plan to establish an iron-eating beast army experimentally and train each other.”

“Uh.”

Shi Yu listened and said, “You want to build an Iron-eating Beast Army?”

Legend Bai smiled and said, “Yeah, let’s recruit 100 Iron-eating Beasts with outstanding aptitude first. We’ll learn from Emperor Wu and create an invincible Iron-eating Beast Army.”

“We plan to let Hall Master Lin be the commander and White Brook as the deputy commander. Student Lin will be the feeder. Among them, the Soldier Fusion Talent and the Metal-element Strengthening Talent will number about four to five. Then, they will be supplemented with some Beast Tamers with special talent to join the army and be nurtured with the resources of the special elite troops in the Beast Tamer Troops.”

“As for the members, they must mobilize the elites from the Beast Tamer Troops. How is it? Is it worth it?”

“Huh? Hall Master Lin is the commander?” Shi Yu immediately felt that it was unreliable.

He looked at Hall Master Lin. Although Hall Master Lin had a monarch race, the Nine Li Battle Beast, Hall Master Lin was already old…

If something happened… he would twist his waist or something. Hall Master Lin: “?” “What, what? I feel that I can still fight for 20 years.” Hall Master Lin was overjoyed.

Shi Yu, this kid, looked like he thought he was getting old. Perhaps he didn’t know what it meant to be old but strong!

Initially, he didn’t have much hot-bloodedness, but the Iron-eating Beast’s quasi Mythical Race Evolution Plan, the invincible Iron-eating Beast Army, this pile of temptations really made him unable to stay idle in little Ping Cheng anymore. Although he didn’t have much potential anymore, he had experience. It was still feasible to bring new recruits and an Iron-eating Beast Corps that resounded through Dong Huang.

“Sigh.” Looking at the high-spirited Master Lin, White Brook shook her head secretly. It was too difficult for her.

What she was more worried about was whether her family would delay her from going to archeology with Senior Lu after arranging this mission for her.

“But I’m just a deputy commander, right? Can I go archeology with Senior Lu occasionally?” White Brook asked. “In any case, it’s for the Iron-eating Beast Corps…”

“No!!” Legend Bai’s eyes widened. “Don’t you know your own abilities?”

“Ugh -“White Brook revealed a disdainful expression.

Shi Yu looked at Senior Lu.

“As for me, I’m suddenly a little interested in the totem era when Yun An first woke up. Next, I plan to investigate the information of the creator of the iron-eating beast ruins,” Lu Qingyi smiled and said to Shi Yu.

Yun An descended ten thousand years ago and wreaked havoc in the east five thousand years ago. The ruins of the Iron-eating Beast in the ancient capital were established about 4,500 years ago after Yun An was first destroyed.

It could be said that the Nine Inscription Evolution Method, the method that relied on eating fragments of Yun An, was not developed by the generation of Emperor Wu. Emperor Wu and the others only inherited the research results of their predecessors.

For people who had really researched the first and second stages of the Iron-eating Beast’s evolution, in the totem era, this was clearly another extremely secretive break in history. Next, Lu Qingyi planned to investigate deeper

“This is good.” Shi Yu’s eyes lit up. He felt that everyone could form a team. He was also interested!

“Apart from that, those few rare metals are also very scarce at the moment. They all belong to resources that have been plucked since ancient times. If you want to obtain some, you probably can only work from ancient ruins and ancient mystic realms,” Lu Qingyi added.

“Meow ~” At the side, the gem cat ate silently. It understood that tomb robbing wasn’t its cup of tea.

“There’s no hurry.” Shi Yu nodded. He didn’t know when the association would be able to send the other four rare metals and let Eleven add new super skills. He would probably have to wait.

“But doesn’t Senior Lin still have to take care of the farm? Can you spare some energy?” Shi Yu asked.

“Yeah.” Lin Xiuzhu smiled.

“So I’m a little worried that I can’t take on this big responsibility…”

Compared to White Brook and Lu Qingyi, she seemed to… not have much talent.

“Haha, don’t be afraid.” Principal Feng smiled and looked at this outstanding graduate from Ancient Capital University who was about Lu Qingyi’s age. “It’s just a reserve army in the short term.”

This army was purely established to welcome the large number of meteorite fragments that might be obtained in the future. If they couldn’t obtain the meteorite fragments, they couldn’t be considered an important army. Even the evolution materials of the Nine Li Battle Beast weren’t worth investing in.

However, if he could obtain a large number of meteorite fragments, then the entire process of the first and second evolution would have to be arranged for this army. In the end, this time period was to give White Brook and Lin Xiuzhu gain experience.

With this, it was hard to say if they would become a legend.. But they would definitely become a top-notch master in the future.

“Then I’ll teach Hall Master Lin and Senior Lin the metal-element nurturing method Senior Chong Xuan gave me as soon as possible,” Shi Yu said. “I’ll also see if I can find more Iron-eating Beast Kings.”

“Oh right, let’s help Eleven awaken his royal bloodline first.”

Shi Yu had naturally told everyone about what Zhong Xuan had said back then. The Iron-eating Beast King’s words had refreshed everyone’s understanding of the Iron-eating Beast… No wonder Shi Yu’s Eleven was so abnormal. It turned out that it had a royal bloodline.

“When are you teaching?” the panda senior asked eagerly.

She also wanted to help Eleven awaken its royal bloodline quickly to see the changes after Eleven.

Senior Panda hoped to learn this skill well and help more. “Tonight…” Shi Yu suddenly felt that something was wrong.” I definitely can’t tonight. It’s too late. Tomorrow.”

“By the way…”

“I didn’t say it on the phone previously. It’s Ice Dragon. It seems to have the intention to join Dragon Palace City.” Shi Yu looked at Principal Feng. As Shi Yu finished speaking, everyone was stunned. The topic quickly changed from the Iron-eating Beast to the Ice Dragon Totem. Everyone was a little caught off guard, and this news…

“The Ice Dragon Totem is going to rely on Dragon Palace City??” Principal Feng was slightly shocked.

Shi Yu had previously said on the phone that Ice Dragon was willing to stay “nearby” in Dong Huang. It was really nearby.

“Yes.” Shi Yu nodded and said, “This shouldn’t be a problem, right? I promised Ice Dragon to go with it in a few days. Isn’t Dragon Palace City coincidentally holding a Dragon Palace banquet?” “Well…” Principal Feng fell into deep thought. “Yeah…” “I see. If it’s willing to stay in Dong Huang, indeed, that place is one of the few places that attract it,” Principal Feng said with a nod.

“This way, Dragon Palace City will have a new totem.” Lu Qingyi sighed slightly beside him.

“As expected of the greatest totem power in the Eastern Sea Region. Its attraction to the dragons is indeed very fatal.” Legend Bai also sighed.

“That’s not a problem. Our Dong Huang definitely can’t produce resources that can attract Ice Dragon better than the Dragon God Ruins in Dragon Palace City,” Principal Feng said. “As long as they’re allies.”

The Dragon God Ruins was a Mythical trial ruin. Legend had it that the Dragon Palace City was a faction left behind by a Mythical divine dragon, and this ruin was established to choose the Dragon Palace City’s Dragon God.

There were endless treasures and opportunities there.

For millions of years, although every dragon-type creature that could obtain recognition in the Dragon God Ruins couldn’t become mythical, they undoubtedly became the totem king of the demigod level and led Dragon Palace City.

The most beloved thing was that Dragon Palace City had a rule. Any totem dragon who sincerely joined Dragon Palace City could enter the Dragon God Ruins and obtain a large number of treasures. Although some of them would belong to Dragon Palace City, the remaining portion would belong to the dragon. There might even be Mythical resources.

With this, Dragon Palace City attracted countless dragon-type creatures to join.

Currently, Dragon Palace City had a demigod-level totem king. Under the totem king were seven dragon-element totems. If the new ice dragon was included, there were a total of nine totems.

Generally speaking, any creature that could break through to the totem level was extremely arrogant. With their strength, they could completely build their own divine kingdom and collect faith. It was still very rare for multiple totems to gather in one faction.

For example, the eleven totem districts that surrounded the Dong Huang Ancient Country, the Heavenly Fox Nation, and the Divine Tree Nation, only had one totem commanding everything. It was completely different from a super faction like Dragon Palace City, where there was a totem king commanding many totems.

“Wait!!!”

“Didn’t you say that Ice Dragon would follow you to Dragon Palace City?” Principal Feng was suddenly stunned.

“Yeah.”

“…This.” Suddenly, Principal Feng’s expression became more and more expectant.

“Good lord, things are getting interesting.” “If the Ice Dragon wants to join Dragon Palace City and you travel with it, the invisible benefits will probably be huge.”

The Dragon Palace Banquet was a huge event held once every five years by the royal family of Dragon Palace City. It would invite all the factions under the commander of Dragon Palace City and humans to participate.

Among them, the human delegation was basically aiming to obtain the recognition of high-level pets. However, after so many years of cooperation, the transcendent creatures of Dragon Palace City were not stupid. They would choose the best humans to entrust their descendants to.

At that time, Shi Yu would definitely not be the only human young talent to visit Dragon Palace City. There would be a bunch of them accompanying Shi Yu.

These people were considered competitors.

In short, if one wanted to obtain an overlord cub, they had to showcase their abilities.

When others tried their best to display their talent, strength, and potential in order to obtain the recognition of the various overlord factions in Dragon Palace City and send a banquet congratulatory gift to show their financial resources and sincerity… Shi Yu would just directly call the Ice Dragon Totem out and call it Mom. He would also be the one who sent Dragon Mom into Dragon Palace City. Wasn’t this greater than talent, potential, and sincerity?

When out in the world, nothing was better than having a good background…

Ice Dragon Totem, plus the Sea Dragon King’s friendship token…

Generally speaking, there was only one totem presiding over the Dragon Palace banquet every year. However, this time, the addition of a new totem would probably attract a bunch of totems and even the Dragon God, increasing the atmosphere of this Dragon Palace banquet to the highest. At that time, as long as Shi Yu and the Ice Dragon were a little closer and exchanged a few words with the Sea Dragon King, Shi Yu could choose any of the overlord heirs.

Perhaps, in order to befriend the Ice Dragon Totem, it was even possible for him to have a totem’s child!

After all, the resources in the Dragon God Ruins were endless, and the dragon-element totem was the only existence that could continuously take out resources from the Dragon God Ruins. As a huge mutual benefit, it was very normal to maintain friendships and exchange resources. The addition of the dragon-element totem would not only not reduce the resources in the Dragon Palace City, but it would also increase. This was the reason why the Dragon Palace City had never declined and had many totems.

“Looks like the new overlord race is guaranteed, and it’s the kind you can choose casually,” Principal Feng thought.

As expected, no matter what talent one had, having powerful backers was always better.

“I think so too,” Shi Yu thought.

The Ice Dragon would join Dragon Palace City. Chi Tong and the Ice Dragon was as close as a mother and daughter, and Chi Tong and Shi Yu was as close as a father and daughter. In other words, it was also a member of Dragon Palace City. This way, Dragon Palace City couldn’t treat it badly, right?!

Principal Feng and Shi Yu. One of them was already in the first bureau, while the other was trying to get into the first bureau. The surrounding people were silent as they watched these two talk about getting backers…

Did they go off topic? Didn’t they agree to discuss the Iron-eating Beast?

Two days later, in the capital.

After Shi Yu returned to Ping Cheng for a short period of time, he used some time to teach the Metal-element Cultivation Method to Senior Panda. She also tried to help Eleven massage. However, just as Chong Xuan said, it definitely wouldn’t be effective in the short term, and took time.

Apart from that, Ice Dragon was still plundering the power of the Ice River Totem at the end. After Shi Yu realized that there was nothing to do, he decisively left Ping Cheng and came to the capital again.

Imperial Capital University, Prophecy Temple.

There was another sign outside saying, “Today’s an off-day. Don’t be noisy, or bear the consequences.”

The Prediction Owl was gone…

After Shi Yu arrived, he looked at the cold surroundings and was a little silent. Fortunately, the gem cat that came with him seemed to be as familiar with the place as President Ye Hui.

Boom!!!

The gem cat directly rushed over with Psychic power and blew up the Prediction Owl that was sleeping in the temple!

“Ah! Which bastard? Eh, so it’s you, bad cat.”

After the owl flew out, it looked at Shi Yu and the gem cat in a daze. It didn’t understand why the pair had suddenly come to visit it.

“Lord owl, good afternoon. Didn’t you say last time that you were going to enter the Time Ruins to help Baby Ginseng mutate and evolve with the power of time…”

“We’re here this time.” Shi Yu chuckled and pointed at the baby ginseng in his pocket.

“Yi!!!” Baby Ginseng was extremely excited. “Wu…” The owl pondered. It was for real.

This unreliable evolution method was indeed thought up by someone as unreliable as Shi Yu.

“Long time no see!! You tricked me last time. Help me predict for free this time. It’s not too much to predict what that guy can evolve into.” The gem cat wanted a spoiler in advance. It stared at the Prediction Owl.

When the owl saw this situation, it had a bitter expression. Why did they all want to freeload?

“Forget it, forget it. Let’s do it for free. However, you have to inform Little Yezi if you enter the Time Ruins…”

With that said, it began to enter a prediction state and made an evolution prophecy for Baby Ginseng. A moment later, in the white mist, the Prediction Owl saw a figure similar to Baby Ginseng

Then, it opened its eyes in silence and looked at the expectant Baby Ginseng.

At this moment, Baby Ginseng had actually already acknowledged the owl. Through the Undying Dark Phoenix and Yun An, it felt that the owl’s prophecy was 80% correct even if it wasn’t 100% correct. This fellow might be able to predict what it would evolve into!

However…

“Unfortunately, you seem to have failed in your mutation?? Your appearance hasn’t changed much…” the owl said regretfully. It knew that Shi Yu coming here was unreliable… Baby Ginseng:?? “Yi!!!?” The towering emperor was furious. Did this owl make a good prophecy!? Why did it have to be this time? It wasn’t related to the totem!