Chapter 253 - The Temptation Of Ping Cheng

Chapter 253: The Temptation of Ping Cheng

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator:

Atlas Studios

Editor:

Atlas Studios

After the attack, the Ox-Headed Beast King fell heroically.

As for the Panda King, it fell as expected, and it was injured even more heavily than the Ox-Headed Beast King.

There was silence.

Now, everyone wanted to know. This Iron-eating Beast’s commander rank was already so strong. If it broke through to the monarch rank, what would happen?

“F*ck.”

“Are you trying to test it? You want to kill me and the old bull.”

After reacting, Master Qu Jie cursed in his heart.

How much hatred, how much hatred.

Pretty soon this panda would become one of those self-destruct mechanical pets!

‘Was there a need to be so desperate to test these moves?

Just as Master Qu Jie felt that things had exceeded his expectations and he felt a little dizzy, perhaps the test didn’t have to continue.

The medical ginseng quickly ran to the venue and fed the dying Panda King something. The Panda King immediately crawled up energetically.

“Wuu!!!”

Eleven raised its arm and roared.

‘Well done, medical ginseng.

Master Qu Jie :”…”

The Ox-Headed Beast King also seemed to have this treatment.

A moment later, it was also quickly fed the mysterious fruit by the medical ginseng. The two pets recovered their initial state.

Master Qu Jie :”…”

Looking at Eleven rubbing its fists, it seemed like it wanted to continue.

Qu Jie, Ox-Headed Beast King:??

“Should I… change a pet?”

Master Qu Jie’s face was almost black as he gritted his teeth.

What a tough life.

In the next test, he wanted to change to the strongest one. He couldn’t let Shi Yu defeat him every time.

“wu?”

Eleven and Shi Yu were stunned.

‘The Ox-Headed Beast King: “Roar!!! (F*ck, stupid Beast Tamer, why change? That fruit was very delicious just now, let me fight again!)”

As long as it wasn’t killed, it would tolerate it.

Master Qu Jie:???

Huh?!

‘Then, Master Qu Jie accompanied Shi Yu and the others through the remaining tests in a daze.

Where was the strength of the three inscriptions Nine Li Battle Beast?

‘The strong thing was that apart from the Inner Power of the core, the other skills were all free skills.

Forming beans into soldiers could be created for oneself or for others to use. It was equivalent to letting others master “Bean Soldiers”.

For Space Quake, as long as it was willing to help others enchant their weapon, any pet would have a spatial weapon that could easily attack spatial enemies.

‘There was even less of a need to talk about the Lightning Rod. It could tum itself or the enemy into a mobile Heavenly Thunder attraction.

It could be said that nurturing one was equivalent to nurturing a barracks filled with firepower!

In addition to the compatibility between the skills Shi Yu displayed and the Iron-eating Beast, it was very difficult for everyone to not agree with the Nine Li Battle Beast’s strength and potential.

Most importantly, Eleven was too strong.

A bunch of skills were maxed out by Shi Yu.

Therefore, when combined, the ability to fight above its level was even more shocking.

“Second Grandpa, I want to nurture this!!”

The more White Brook looked at it, the more she liked it.

After she broke through to the master level, she had yet to contract a new pet.

Now, she had found the right one.

“It’s strong, but it’s expensive…” Beside him, President Bai’s scalp went numb.

Three level-eight rare metals, wasn’t this guaranteed to be five billion?

No matter how strong the iron-eating beast was, their Bai family couldn’t afford to let White Brook create it like this.

A llevel-eight metal was already painful.

Thinking about it this way, Shi Yu, who had freeloaded so many evolution materials in the ruins, had profited greatly.

“It’s indeed expensive…” Old Master Bai was just about to agree and immediately stopped.

“It’s better to see Yun An’s information first.”

An Iron-eating Beast like Shi Yu’s was restricted by evolution materials. It should be very difficult to nurture.

On the other hand, they could look forward to the Iron-eating Beast getting through the strongest evolution of the meteorite fragment.

“Eh!” At this moment, Principal Feng was already at a loss for words. The current Shi Yu could no longer be said to be a potential legend.

Perhaps when he grew up in the future, he would have the chance to challenge the various titles that had been passed down in Dong Huang since ancient times.

“Do you want to contract an Iron-eating Beast too?”

The old man looked at Lu Qingyi.

Lu Qingyi was silent. “…It’d be a long time from now.”

She had just contracted a local sprite, so there was no extra contract slot.

If she wanted to contract it, she had to wait until after legend.

She didn’t know how long it would take to break through to Legend

In short, everyone had already subconsciously thought of Yun An.

Without a doubt, it was definitely not a problem for Shi Yu to successfully obtain the master’s license. Even if he didn’t have a monarch-level pet, the strength he displayed was no longer inferior to any master.

Master Qu Jie would agree.

“Hahahaha.” After a long time, the test was completed. Legend Bai, Principal Feng, and the others came down and laughed.

Alright, alright.

‘The Iron-eating Beast was really strong. Not bad, not bad.

“Damn, how can there be such a ridiculous pet?”

‘As someone who had experienced it personally, Master Qu Jie widened his eyes. He also felt that the Iron-eating Beast was ridiculously strong, but as the one being beaten, he wasn’t as happy as the others.

“After all, this is the strongest battle beast that even Emperor Wu had to spend a lot of effort to nurture as a trump card. It’s been hard on you this time, Master Qu.”

‘As everyone communicated during the subsequent testing segment, Master Qu Jie also understood how Shi Yu and the others’ subsequent abilities came about.

After Shi Yu’s archeology discovered the evolution method of the Iron-eating Beast King’s race, it freaking discovered the evolution method of the Iron-eating Beast overlord race. Moreover, it also discovered that the Iron-eating Beast was Emperor Wu’s strongest pet. Master Qu Jie once again felt that the

archeological system was abnormal.

“It’s… It’s alright…”

After being thanked, Master Qu Jie’s face darkened. He looked at Shi Yu and the others, as well as his ox, who was smugly holding the reward from the ginseng baby.

Only Master Qu Jie was traumatized!

“But next time, if you want to look for me about this kind of thing, please tell me in advance and let me be mentally prepared,” he said as an old man. As a person who was almost old, he couldn’t afford to be stimulated.

“Sure, sure,” President Bai said with a smile. Wasn’t this just an accident, after all.

“I’s been hard on you, Master Qu,” Shi Yu also said. “T’ll look to you for the next top-notch assessment.”

Master Qu Ji

He widened his eyes and said, “Why are you still looking for me? The Ancient Capital Association doesn’t have the function of a top-notch assessment. Be good and go to the headquarters.”

“There’s still the legendary assessment and title assessment in the future. Go where you want.”

An!

suddenly, Master Qu Jie felt liberated.

Yes, the upper limit of the Ancient Capital Association’s assessment was only at the master level.

Next, even if Shi Yu wanted to break through ten thousand times and break through to the Mythical stage, it was definitely impossible for him to be related to Shi Yu anymore. Alright.

“Is that so? It’s alright, it’s alright. I just feel that I might need your help next.” Shi Yu felt that Master Qu Jie’s sealing talent was really useful.

Perhaps next, he could let the other party seal Eleven, Buggy, Chi Tong, and Baby Ginseng to the transcendent level or even the Awakening level for a period of time.

This way, he could train Eleven and the others better.

In short, he planned to return to the ancient capital to visit Master Qu Jie.

At the same time, Master Qu Jie felt an ominous feeling.

He kept feeling that there was nothing good about being targeted by Shi Yu.

What a tough life.

Then, everyone invited Master Qu Jie, who had been busy for half a day, to have dinner together.

It was difficult to refuse such hospitality, so Master Qu Jie could only agree.

However, Master Qu Jie still had to go to the hotel to pack his things. Shi Yu and the others walked towards the Bai family first.

This test could be said to have satisfied many expectations.

Along the way, everyone was overjoyed.

The Iron-eating Beast was too strong, and Shi Yu was too strong

Legend Bai suddenly thought:

“Perhaps we have to develop and use the ruins specifically. Shouldn’t our family nurture some Iron-eating Beasts first?”

“Whether it evolves or not is another matter, but the initial purpose should be to nurture a batch of outstanding talents first, right?”

President Bai agreed very much. “Yeah, why don’t we also transform the Beast Tamer Troops in Wu Ling City into the Iron-eating Beast Corps?”

In just a few years, wouldn’t Wu Ling City become the tenth first-level city?

Listening to the father and son’s discussion, White Brook couldn’t help but say, “Do you want to do it? I’ll do the discussions?”

“Huh?”

White Brook: “At the moment, there are basically not many wild Iron-eating beasts in the country. Several Iron-eating Beast Breeding bases have already been purchased by Master Lin’s family in Icefield City. Now, Ping Cheng Breeding Base is the largest Iron-eating Beast Breeding Base in Dong Huang, I

think we can perhaps talk about cooperation. After all, the Emperor Wu Ruins is actually built specially to nurture Iron-eating beasts.”

“Hall Master Lin’s family?” Lu Qingyi looked at Shi Yu.

Principal Feng also looked at Shi Yu. Everyone knew that this was most likely related to Shi Yu.

“Alright.” Legend Bai and President Bai didn’t realize that White Brook’s reaction was so fast.

They had to talk.

Moreover, they had to go wherever White Brook went. The whole family had to go.

Shi Yu :”…”

Why did he feel that next, even the richest man in Icefield City might not be able to stop Senior Panda’s family?

This early investment was simply too much.

What a strong alliance.

“Then, I’ll return to Ping Cheng with you next. How about that?” The beast-eared girl followed Shi Yu.

“Well, it’s not impossible.”

Shi Yu couldn’t imagine what it would be like if the beast-eared girl joined forces with Senior Panda’s family.

If the archeological discovery of Emperor Wu’s first battle beast was announced, probably all the Beast Tamers in Wu Ling City, no, all of Dong Huang’s Fusion Talent would be high.

The price of the Iron-eating Beast increased again.

No, it was not accurate. At the moment, the number of iron-eating beasts was still small. Perhaps next, the iron-eating beasts would be controlled by the association. After all, the overlord potential was already a strategic requirement related to the development of the country. An overlord species pet that

stabilized the evolution path could often lead to the birth of a new legend.

With the country behind them, the development of Senior Panda’s family, who specialized in raising iron-eating beasts, might be better, more long-term, and more stable.

“Sigh, as expected of me…”

In front of a group of big shots, Shi Yu couldn’t help but act cool again.

“Tl go too,” Lu Qingyi also said at the side. “We still have to settle Ice Dragon’s matter.”

“Let’s put the Iron-eating Beast aside for now. You should go and see the Ice Dragon quickly.”

The Ice Dragon called Shi Yu by name. It would be bad if the other party became impatient.

‘The matter of the Iron-eating Beast had to be taken slowly. It couldn’t be rushed. The Ice Dragon Totem was the key now.

“Yeah, then I might have to go too,” Principal Feng said with a headache.

He looked at Shi Yu with a faint gaze. At the moment, the relationship between this ice dragon and Dong Huang was not considered stable.

The new totem didn’t have any hostile tendencies at the moment. It definitely had to be befriended and tied to the country.

This kind of thing usually required a specific candidate to establish a friendship with it. It was a little unreliable to rely on benefits to maintain it.

There had to be restraints and benefits!

1

At the moment, in Dong Huang, perhaps only Shi Yu was suitable to chill with Ice Dragon.

‘As a member of the first bureau, this mission had long been assigned to Principal Feng.

He needed to guide Shi Yu to obtain the recognition of the Ice Dragon and maintain a good friendship between the two parties.

Upon thinking of this, Principal Feng felt stifled. Damn, if it succeeded, would Shi Yu, this kid, also have to work part-time in three departments?

He wasn’t even 20 years old yet!

Shi Yu directly saw Principal Feng’s resentful gaze.

Shi Yu:”…”

“I understand, I understand.” Shi Yu was suddenly shocked. Yes, he had almost forgotten about Mother Dragon.

He had yet to take a look at the matter of inviting Yun An back to prison in the country. Whether he could find Yun An was still another matter. The key now was how to cozy up to the Ice Dragon Totem.

“Eh.” When they heard that Shi Yu was about to make friends with the Ice Dragon Totem again, the three from the Bai family couldn’t help but be at a loss.

Amaster of management indeed

How could a master-level Beast Tamer talk to different totems continuously?

“Two… No, three… Be careful.”

Principal Feng sighed. How much trouble had Shi Yu caused in such a short period of time?

They had to watch the Undying Dark Phoenix closely.

On the Iron-eating Beast and Yun An’s side, it was another big matter that many higher-ups had to decide together.

They had to pay special attention to the Ice Dragon Totem.

He was already at the age of retirement, so he still had to do these things. Principal Feng didn’t expect this.

Next, everyone’s destination was very clear.

Apart from reporting the incident at the Emperor Wu Ruins, the Bai family wanted to go to Ping Cheng to discuss cooperation with the Lin family.

Principal Feng and Lu Qingyi needed to cooperate with Shi Yu to complete the relationship aspect with the Ice Dragon Totem.

Ping Cheng, this small place, immediately became the focus of many parties

That day, no matter how far the matter progressed, the tenth bureau of Dong Huang, the Intelligence Bureau, had already activated some of the elite undercover members in the totem area at the first moment and started to investigate information related to Yun An.

‘There was indeed nothing good about Master Qu Jie meeting Shi Yu. The guy was a complete disaster.

In one of the eleven totem districts in the east, in the Fox God Totem District, in a town with an ancient appearance… The elite member of the tenth bureau, Qu Ling, who had a special sealing talent, received an investigation mission from the country.

She was wearing an ancient cotton shirt and carrying a white fox. She walked on this street that was no different from the ancient times of Dong Huang, It was also filled with people.

The greatest difference between this place and the ancient towns of Dong Huang was that special fox-type creatures were worshiped in various places.

In the center of the town stood a huge fox god totem, accepting incense offerings.

“Yun An…” This person was the daughter who had inherited Master Qu Jie’s special sealing talent.

Every time an important investigation mission was issued, these members were in the most danger.

On the other side, in Dong Huang, a day later, Shi Yu and the others also came directly from Wu Ling City to the icy plain, Ping Cheng!