Chapter 255 - Overlord Will

Chapter 255: Overlord Will

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator:

Atlas Studios

Editor:

Atlas Studios

Shi Yu used a lot of time to explain the Undying Dark Phoenix to Ice Dragon.

After hearing it, the Ice Dragon was shocked.

The mystery of its Beast Tamer’s bloodline that she had never figured out in her life had finally been solved?

General Mu Huiyin had been tortured by the power of her bloodline since she was young and had to contract an ice-type pet to suppress her bloodline.

But even so, every time she used her ability, Mu Huiyin would still be tortured.

In order to help its master overcome the power of the bloodline and find out the mystery of the bloodline, Ice Dragon and the other pets worked hard for a long time.

In the end, although Mu Huiyin successfully separated a portion of the violent bloodline power and stored it in the heroic spirit ruins, they still didn’t understand where Mu Huiyin’s bloodline power came from until her death.

“Phoenix Race.”

“Sun God Phoenix, Undying Dark Phoenix.”

The frost dragon muttered to itself. Holy shit, General Mu Huiyin’s mother was sealed in that place called the Undead Battlefield??

If it had known, it wouldn’t have been in such a hurry to acknowledge this daughter. Who would have thought that the other party’s biological mother was still alive?

Moreover, it was the highest race of the Phoenix Race.

According to Shi Yu’s description, although that Undying Dark Phoenix claimed to be Chi Tong’s biological mother, it did look like there was a risk factor.

No one knew if its words were true.

Unlike the Ice Dragon, whose existence and identity were recognized by the heroic spirit of General Mu Huiyin in the heroic spirit ruins.

Ice Dragon’s gaze kept lingering on Chi Tong and Shi Yu. It wanted to say something but hesitated.

Helping Beast Tamers solve the mystery of their bloodlines was also the wish of all Mu Huiyin’s ice-type pets at that time.

1

Unexpectedly… only after two thousand years, after Mu Huiyin passed away, did a hint of a clue finally appear in the mystery.

However, the Ice Dragon Heart was very tired at the moment. It kept feeling that this matter was very troublesome.1

Damn it, why did Shi Yu suddenly say this?

“What’s the strength of that Undying Dark Phoenix?”

“Top-notch totem, right?”

Ice Dragon said, “I think it’s fine if we don’t want this biological mother. It’s too dangerous. Don’t care about it. Don’t go to that battlefield. Just do your own thing well.”

After all, Little Chi Tong wasn’t Mu Huiyin herself. Ice Dragon really didn’t want to interfere too much.

“Yes, that’s what we’ll do.”

The frost dragon quickly cleared its relationship. Its intuition told it that Mu Huiyin’s bloodline was definitely involved in many troubles and disputes. In short, it involved the Phoenix Race, which was even more chaotic than the dragon race. It didn’t want to look for trouble.

No matter what conspiracy was going on inside, it had nothing to do with it!

“Ah…” Seeing the frost dragon immediately turn away, Shi Yu was silent. This dragon was smart!

“It’s fine if the Undying Dark Phoenix is good, but what if it has other plans for it?” Shi Yu asked.

The frost dragon: “I just broke through to the totem level, how can I win!”

“It’s different. It’s been sealed for so long. It’s very weak. You have a time element. You’re very strong.”

“Even if you say so…”

“Mil!! (Mom!!)” Under Shi Yu’s comman4, Little Chi Tong directly shouted.

“Mother Dragon—!!” Shi Yu also shouted.1

The frost dragon was speechless.

Damn it!!

Looking at Shi Yu, who was looking at it with tears in its eyes and its master’s spirit that had been led astray by Shi Yu, the frost dragon was immediately stunned.

‘Why was its mouth so annoying? Why was it randomly calling it mom?!

“Mil!”

“Dragon…”

“Stop shouting. I know!” The frost dragon felt a headache.

It immediately regretted it. This was clearly a battle between two mothers. One of them would definitely die.

“But I’m warning you, I’m not your fighter. Unless you’re in danger, otherwise, I definitely won’t interfere in your business.”

The contract had been broken, so it had no reason to suffer with this bloodline anymore!

“I want to go to Dragon Palace City. I want to be the Dragon King. I want to have my own faction. I’m not a fighter!!” the frost dragon shouted.

“Sure, sure… That’s already very good for us, what you said. Dragon Palace City, right? I understand. I’ll lead the way for you when the time comes!!” Shi Yu’s expression was immediately filled with joy when he saw that Ice Dragon still recognized its Beast Tamer bloodline reincarnation.

Sigh!!!

He just didn’t know if the Undying Dark Phoenix was good or bad. He kept feeling that the Undying Dark Phoenix wasn’t very reliable. Otherwise, if Chi Tong had two totem mothers, how good would that be?

It meant that he had two totem relatives, after all.

He could be completely arrogant in Dong Huang then.

However, the outcome now was not bad. The frost dragon wanted to join Dragon Palace City, and it was also still staying in Dong Huang.

Moreover, that meant he had an even greater backer. It was equivalent to Chi Tong and Dragon Palace City becoming relatives.

In addition, if he introduced Ice Dragon’s mother to Dragon Palace City, Dragon Palace City would definitely cry and thank him for sending a totem to join. Perhaps they would even give the genius Dragon Palace City’s Dragon Lady to him to nurture. This way, everyone would be happy, everyone would be

satisfied, and they would be even closer.

“..” Shi Yu fell into his imagination.

Ice Dragon, Gem Cat, Eleven, and the other pets were silent.

“Meow.” The gem cat poked Shi Yu. How could he be distracted in such a cold place?

‘The gem cat ignored Shi Yu and finally looked at the frost dragon.

As for the frost dragon, when it saw the gem cat releasing a friendly signal at it, it couldn’t help but be stunned. It looked at this strange cat that seemed to be very strong.

“You, do you like gemstones?” The gem cat went straight to the point.

“Who doesn’t like that?” The frost dragon was stunned.

“Very good, then we’re good friends too!”

“Huh?”

Where did this little cat come from?

Then, the gem cat and the ice dragon started a protracted discussion about the gems, leaving Shi Yu and the others stunned.

Eleven, Baby Ginseng, Buggy, and Chi Tong simply looked at the surrounding environment.

Baby Ginseng was in the Heavenly Frost Cold Energy and surprisingly discovered that this was also an extremely extreme environment. It could actually absorb the Heavenly Frost Cold Energy to condense a mutated fruit. It couldn’t help but secretly increase its strength, preparing to earn a sum.

“Take the time element, but not the ice element.”

Shi Yu’s suggestion made Baby Ginseng nod repeatedly. It understood.

But clearly, the Heavenly Frost Cold Energy was still mainly ice-element power. It was very difficult for Baby Ginseng to condense a mutated fruit.

At the same time, Shi Yu sized up the gem cat and the frost dragon.

He first looked at the frost dragon.

This huge dragon that had fought with General Mu Huiyin in the past… was judged by the skill index to have a “medium” success rate for teaching super skills.

Then, he looked at the gem cat.

The gem cat surprisingly had the aptitude to learn the Imagination Domain. It was judged by the skill index that the success rate of teaching super skills was also “medium”.

Neither of these two pets had the “high” and “extremely high” evaluation that Shi Yu imagined.

After all, one of them was a thousand-year-old dragon that had participated in the totem battle and was already at the totem level, while the other was a hundred-year-old cat that had participated in the undead natural disaster. They were overlord-level creatures.

Even for them, their willpower and hearts couldn’t withstand the additional points of super skills 100%?

Logically speaking, even if it was the experiences of a life-and-death crisis, they should have experienced it several times.

To be precise, among all the pets Shi Yu had seen after breaking through to master, the success rate of super skills teaching had yet to exceed “medium”.

In fact, most of Lu Qingyi and Senior White Brook’s pets’ success rates for super skills displayed in the index were also “extremely low’ and “low’.

There were very few pets like Eleven whose teaching success rate was “low’.

This discovery made Shi Yu understand that it wasn’t his pet being unreliable, but that the skill index had especially strict requirements for the points added to super skills. It had extremely high requirements for the pet’s willpower and heart.

“Alright, is there anything else?”

After discussing a business with the gem cat, the frost dragon was happy.

It didn’t expect this cat to know so much.

It suspected that this cat was a dragon.

“Then let’s arrange a time to go to Dragon Palace City together? The Dragon Palace City banquet will be in a while. It’s a good time to visit,” Shi Yu said.

“No problem.” Ice Dragon beamed.

“I want to go too.” The gem cat was also eager to try.

“Go, you can go either way,” Shi Yu said. With a bodyguard taking the initiative to follow, it would be a waste not to. This way, even without the “Tyrannical Sea Legend”, Legend Ba Hai, leading the way, he would be very safe there.

“Alright, it’s settled then.” The Ice Dragon sighed. Next, it wanted to continue squeezing out the ice-element power that it had absorbed from the Ice River Totem to revive the gathered ice-clement power. When it was almost done absorbing it, it would directly get humans to throw a forbidden weapon to

completely change this environment and kill the Ice River Totem.

Reliable!

From today onwards, it would bid farewell to the snow mountain and start a new life from scratch in Dragon Palace City!

“But how long will it take?” Ice Dragon asked.

“Less than a month,” Shi Yu replied.

During this period of time, he had to hurry to the capital to help Baby Ginseng evolve.

“Well, then it’s about time.” Ice Dragon nodded.

They chatted again. A moment later, Ice Dragon sent Shi Yu and the others out.

After leaving, Shi Yu was amused.

Although the negotiation this time lowered the seniority level from grandma to mom, overall, he successfully associated himself with the Ice Dragon.

“Heh heh…” On the way back, Shi Yu was especially excited.

At this moment, he had entered the state of the Sword Spirit Possession again, releasing flames to fly in the snowstorm.

At the side, the gem cat was still on the flying carpet, squinting and yawning.

“Wait.” Soon, Shi Yu and the others arrived at the snowstorm area of the Ice Dragon Snow Mountain. Just as the gem cat was about to bring Shi Yu and the others to teleport, Shi Yu suddenly called for a stop.

“What?” The gem cat saw Shi Yu staring at Blizzard and sizing it up.

“Let’s see how the intensity of the snowstorm here is.” Shi Yu looked at the snowstorm in the sky. Previously, when he, Hall Master Lin, and the other masters came over, their group had to go down obediently and slowly cross this area. Even Senior Lu couldn’t resist the power of nature.

Eleven and the others were even smaller compared to the snow environment here.

Even totem-level creatures relied on the power of nature to strengthen themselves and attack the enemy. From this, one could tell how huge the potential of nature’s power was.

Shi Yu had thought about it. He wanted to nurture the pet’s will and heart, overcome life and death, overcome fear, overcome despair, overcome fatigue, overcome pain, establish a firm goal in his heart, and experience the baptism of time. They couldn’t do all of that at the same time, but the pet’s will and

heart was doable.

Perhaps he could train one or two qualities here.

“Let’s confirm the training venue. This place might be used to train the willpower of the ginseng baby.”

In an extremely cold environment, it was very suitable to consume all its physical strength to break through the limit. With a tired body, it could withstand the pain brought by the snow and wind to train himself.

Apart from Eleven, Shi Yu felt that the other three pets couldn’t withstand it.

Chi Tong, Baby Ginseng, Buggy :”…”

The gem cat raised its eyebrows. “Can I report you for abusing pets? Isn’t this self-mutilating?”

Shi Yu said, “I’m doing it too.”

He couldn’t add points to super skills, and his heart itched. Now, if he could tolerate it for a while, they would all immediately reach the totem level.

“That’s not the problem!” The gem cat muttered and said, “What’s the use of training will or whatever? They’re all overlord races. In the future, if they practice their skills and use resources, they can break through to the overlord level when the conditions are right. You still want to give them willpower to

train an overlord’s will?”

“What’s the problem then?”

Shi Yu suddenly looked at the gem cat.

‘The gem cat was stunned. Seeing the anxious gazes from Buggy, Baby Ginseng, and Chi Tong, it suddenly covered its mouth and realized that it had said something wrong.

“No, no.”

“Tell me the problem.”

“Ten… fruits! Let Baby Ginseng make it tonight.”

Baby Ginseng:??

“alright then.” The gem cat immediately spread its claws and smiled. “When ordinary overlord race creatures break through from the monarch level to the overlord level, they can easily break through the bottleneck by training their racial skills or using high-level resources to strengthen themselves.”

“But for low-level creatures, especially those creatures without super racial skills, and even some creatures with super racial skills, it’s very difficult for them to break through to the overlord level. It’s the same even if they have legendary-level resources to strengthen themselves. It’s very difficult. This is

the restriction of the race, and it can’t be changed.”

“However, there is always a way. As long as they constantly experience life and death to temper their strong willpower and hearts, there’s a chance to condense a very loyal ability, ‘Overlord Will’, to assist them in breaking through to the overlord level. Generally speaking, this is the best way for low-level

pets to reach the overlord level. Of course, it’s the most difficult way. For high-level pets, there’s no need to be so tired. They just have to lie flat and grow naturally.”

Shi Yu was stunned. “Is this overlord’s will powerful? Do you have it

The gem cat waved its paw and said, “Well… It’s not a matter of whether it’s powerful or not, but it’s very rare. However, even if low-level creatures have the will of an overlord and are restricted by their race, they definitely can’t defeat high-level creatures, even if they are mentally strong.”

“But under the same level and race, having the will of an overlord is indeed much more powerful. Because in various extreme environments, they can easily erupt with extremely unscientific power that exceeds their understanding, so this ability is very ideal.”

“Like in those anime, the beasts with this overlord will can “overcome their limits” and turn the fight. Occasionally, they will kill their opponents before they die, occasionally break through on the spot, and occasionally exceed their limit to fight above their level. Do you understand?”

“As for me, I don’t need this kind of thing. It wasn’t easy for me to mutate into an overlord race. Next, let resources and money corrode my heart.” The gem cat licked its claws.

“It’s too pointless to suffer when your race is high.”

At this moment, Shi Yu looked at Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, and Chi Tong.

The four pets had a bad feeling.

“Oh no, I evolved your race too high too early.”

“But it’s not a big problem. Why don’t you also try to condense that overlord will?”

This way, the additional points for super skills should be fine, right?!

“Wu!!” Eleven rolled into its pocket and felt that there was no problem. It thought that it could challenge it.. It looked at its other three companions… Together!!