Chapter 252 - : Third Time’S The Charm

Chapter 252: Third Time’s the Charm

Translator:

Atlas Studios

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Editor:

Atlas Studios

Master Qu Jie…

Upon hearing this name, Shi Yu felt an inexplicable sense of closeness.

Was this what it meant to meet an old friend in his hometown? It wasn’t only Shi Yu. Principal Feng and the beast-eared girl, who had accompanied Shi Yu to participate in the high-level assessment, were also very emotional.

Oh shit, didn’t this save trouble?

Didn’t Master Qu Jie say that he would prepare Shi Yu’s master license first?

He could get his license immediately after this fight. Not bad. “Can I… Then I’ll have to trouble Master Qu Jie.”

Shi Yu looked at President Bai in embarrassment.

President Bai laughed and said, “It’s alright. We’re old friends. This small

matter is nothing.”

Wu Ling City. Just as he finished eating with the masters from the assessment office of the Wu Ling Association, Master Qu Jie returned to the hotel in a relatively good mood.

At this moment, his phone rang. “Old Bai? Has everything been settled? Why did you suddenly leave?”

After picking up the call, Master Qu Jie asked.

Because they had sealed the news, he clearly didn’t know that White Brook’s uncle had suddenly left the gathering because of Shi Yu. “Haha, soon, soon. Old Qu, are you done eating over there?”

“I’m done.”

“I might need your sealing talent to help out a little. Are you free?”

“It’s just a master assessment for a Beast Tamer and testing the limits of a few skills. His situation is relatively special. He broke through to the master level himself. His pet is still at the commander level, but his pet can display the battle power of a monarch level. Do you have time?”

“Oh?” Master Qu Jie revealed a surprised expression. A genius of the Bai family?

This situation was indeed relatively special.

Under normal circumstances, this was still considered a “quasi-master”. Without a monarch-level pet, it was always a quasi-master.

However, President Bai said that the other party had monarch-level battle power, so it was clearly not as simple as an ordinary quasi-master. Master Qu Jie thought for a moment. Perhaps only the Bai family’s Fusion Talent could allow commander-level pets to display monarch-level strength.

After all, after a Beast Tamer and pet fused, their strength would undergo a qualitative change.

“No problem,” Master Qu Jie agreed directly. Wasn’t this his job? Simple, with his relationship with Old Bai, he could still help with this little favor.

For President Bai to come to him directly, this person must be especially valued by President Bai…

A moment later.

On a battlefield near the ruins of Emperor Wu.

Master Qu Jie arrived not long after.

Moreover, he discovered President Bai and the others waiting for him at the designated location.

Master Qu Jie looked over… Apart from President Bai… There was also a group

of people.

It was fine if there were more people, but after carefully judging these people’s identities, Master Qu Jie was a little stunned.

“Holy shit.”

Legend Bai of the Bai family, Principal Feng of Ancient Capital University, Lu Qingyi, White Brook, and… Also, f*ck, Shi Yu?

Almost instantly, Master Qu Jie’s heart skipped a beat as he realized that something was wrong.

Where was the master who wanted to take the assessment?

Bai Legend and Principal Feng definitely weren’t. Lu Qingyi and White Brook had long been masters. They also had monarch-level pets, so they definitely weren’t. Then, then…

Apart from them, Master Qu Jie locked onto Shi Yu at a glance.

At first, he was at a loss, but then his heart was in a mess.

Don’t tell him it was that kid, Shi Yu!

Damn, wasn’t this Wu Ling City??

He was already on a business trip!

Why were these people still here!!

He subconsciously turned around, but President Bai had already discovered him. 1

“Old Qu, where are you going? We’re here.”

Master Qu Jie :”…”

“I, I…”

Seeing that, Master Qu Jie sighed in his heart. It looked like he couldn’t dodge anymore. After a moment of depression, he could only smile and greet his acquaintances.

“Hahahaha, isn’t this Principal Feng, Dr. Lu, and White Brook and Shi Yu? Why are you all here?”

“Old Master Bai, long time no see.”

“Master Qu Jie,” Shi Yu and the others said.

“Long time no see.” Legend Bai and Principal Feng chuckled.

The corners of Master Qu Jie’s mouth twitched as he looked at President Bai and said, “Well, well, where’s the candidate you mentioned?”

“It’s me, Master Qu Jie,” Shi Yu said.

He f*cking knew it was him! 2

Master Qu Jie cursed in his heart.

Wasn’t the vocation assessment passed more than half a year ago? The advanced assessment was passed only three months ago? Why the f*ck…

What exactly was wrong?

“You broke through to master?” After cursing in his heart, he asked in pain.

No matter how he thought about it, it didn’t make sense.

Shi Yu: “Yes, I used a Space Crystal Stone and other methods to accelerate… It was quite sudden.”

Master Qu Jie :”…”

It was relatively simple to meditate below the master level. At the stage where it was the easiest to cultivate, one could break through as long as one was willing to endure the time, Shi Yu used up hundreds of millions of yuan and used the strategic resources controlled by the association to cultivate. Master Qu Jie didn’t know what to say.

He suspected that this group of people had joined forces to give him a fright.

Be it Lu Qingyi or White Brook, they were definitely not as extravagant as Shi Yu!

“So you mean… you want me to give Shi Yu an assessment??” Master Qu Jie had a bitter expression.

They were scaring him!

Giving this young man an assessment… Was there a need for two former legendary Beast Tamers?

Principal Feng and Legend Bai were both legendary Beast Tamers who had retired because of age and various reasons. Lu Qingyi was a quasi legend, and President Bait was also a big shot who was busy every day. These people were all here to see Shi Yu’s assessment?

Because of his previous two experiences, he definitely didn’t believe that there was no conspiracy this time.

“Actually, I’ve long prepared Shi Yu’s master license,” Master Qu Jie said.

President Bai said, “??? What’s with that? Well, but the main thing about this license isn’t the license. It’s mainly to let you experiment with a few skills.”

Master Qu Jie’s ominous feeling became even stronger.

“Why is it so sudden? Did something big happen again?” He had to ask.

Shi Yu said, “It’s nothing. It’s just that my Iron-eating Beast has evolved to a high-level overlord race and awakened three new super racial skills. Everyone needs to collect new pet data.”

“Holy shit.” Master Qu Jie almost jumped up.

Huh??? He widened his eyes.

Weren’t you, weren’t you the middle-level overlord race’s Butterfly of Imagination that had evolved recently?

What was this high-level overlord doing here?

“Master Qu, you’re a professional in this kind of thing. There shouldn’t be a problem, right? The final data will be handed to the higher-ups to see,” Legend Bai said with a smile.

Master Qu Jie wanted to cry.

He kept feeling that he had been pulled into a den of thieves by President Bai.

It could be called above by Legend Bai. As for the headquarters?

What was going on? “It’s.. It’s not a big problem,” he said.

“Wait, President Bai, you just said that Shi Yu’s pet is only commander rank? It hasn’t broken through to monarch rank?”

President Bai?

White Brook’s uncle didn’t understand why he suddenly was so polite.

However, he still nodded and said, “Yes.” “Then how many pets will be tested?” Master Qu Jie asked the most important question. He was really afraid that Shi Yu would use another possession tactic. “Just an Iron-eating Beast,” Shi Yu said.

Upon hearing that, Master Qu Jie suddenly calmed down.

“I see.”

That was alright…

Common sense. The commander-level single-body energy bottleneck was 200,000. No one had ever broken this rule.

Even if it was a creature of an overlord race, its energy level couldn’t be too high due to the limited growth.

It was even considered pretty good for ordinary overlord races to have more than 100,000 energy points at the commander level.

The growth of Shi Yu’s Nine Li Battle Beast was very high. Even if it steadily exceeded 100,000, it definitely couldn’t exceed 200,000.

And this time, it was the master-level assessment. In other words, it was fine for his pet to casually use millions of energy points.

In this situation, it was another one-on-one battle and an energy suppression. How could he fail!

“Alright.” After thinking it through, Master Qu Jie suddenly relaxed.

[Old Bull, your chance for revenge is here. This time, you can be a teacher and guide the other party fiercely.]

[It’s Shi Yu again, it’s the Iron-eating Beast again!]

[Master assessment!)

Although the Ox-Headed Beast King was Master Qu Jie’s weakest pet, it was Master Qu Jie’s initial pet. The relationship between the two parties was the

best.

Because of the previous two accidents, Master Qu Jie was the first to think of Old Bull.

He had to take revenge for this, or it would affect his relationship with the old bull.

[Ox-Headed Beast King:??]

[Roar!!!)

No.

[The other party has less than 200,000 energy points. You can use all your strength, that is, more than a million.]

In the Beast Taming Space, Niuniu was stunned. This time, the Beast Tamer finally stopped scamming?

In the outside world, Master Qu Jie recovered his smile. He still felt that the idiom “third time’s the charm” was right.

Soon, the few of them entered the battlefield.

The others stopped. Master Qu Jie and Shi Yu only stopped when they walked onto the arena.

At this moment, Master Qu Jie summoned his pet.

In the arena, dark red flames formed. The huge Ox-Headed Beast King phantom slowly appeared. It held a battle ax and had a sharp and serious gaze.

“Roar!!!”

This time, Shi Yu was slightly stunned as he looked at the tall Ox-Headed Beast

King.

Because the energy of the Ox-Headed Beast King without the seal was as high as 1.31 million. In any previous battle, it didn’t even use a fraction of its strength.

“Roar!!”

With all its strength, the Ox-Headed Beast King was very happy, its expression rather unfriendly.

This time, 1.31 million energy points… Could it still insta-kill it?

However, Shi Yu’s expression was a little strange.

Why was it the Ox-Headed Beast King again!

As a top-notch master, Master Qu Jie could theoretically fight against overlords.

Compared to his title, this Ox-Headed Beast King’s strength was clearly a little lacking. At the same time, Shi Yu was a little worried that it couldn’t block Eleven’s eruption…

“Summon your pet.”

“Alright.”

Upon hearing that, Shi Yu nodded.

A blue spatial ripple appeared in front of him, and a small Iron-eating Beast less than a meter tall slowly walked out.

Looking at Eleven, who was getting smaller and smaller and shrinking every time they met, the corners of Master Qu Jie’s mouth twitched.

“Wu Wu Wu.” Eleven greeted his opponent.

“Roar!” The Ox-Headed Beast King glared back.

At the same time, as Eleven appeared, the expressions of Principal Feng and the others changed slightly.

Through the energy value detector, after Eleven appeared, the number on it quickly changed.

One, ten, a hundred…

“195,764?”

As Eleven’s energy level was confirmed, Legend Bai exclaimed.

Holy shit.

This was a commander rank pet’s energy points?

Beside him, Lu Qingyi, White Brook, and the others were slightly stunned.

One had to know that three months ago, Eleven’s energy level was only 110,000. How could an evolution change so much?

What kind of ridiculous value was this!

“F*ck.”

On the arena, Master Qu Jie’s ears twitched, and his expression darkened. It didn’t exceed 200,000, but was it really that high? How could it be?

This energy value was double that of other overlord pets of the same level of growth!

He directly understood why Shi Yu said that the Iron-eating Beast had monarch-level battle power.

Because the Iron-eating Beast’s super racial skill was Inner Power, its energy efficiency was extremely high.

It could unleash all its strength and the additional power stored in the source of physical strength at the cost of serious injuries, temporarily unleashing several times its battle power!

However…

Fortunately, the difference between it and the Ox-Headed Beast King was still

very large.

“Well, do you want to use the Ox-Headed Beast King to seal a portion of its

power?”

Master Qu Jie asked.

After all, Shi Yu and the others’ needs were the priority in this assessment.

He felt that it was nothing to seal the energy of the Ox-Headed Beast King to 1 million.

The Ox-Headed Beast King:??

Get lost.

“No need, no need…”

At this moment, Shi Yu scratched his cheek and said, “Speaking of which, should our skills be tested one by one, or should we manifest it in the battle assessment and finalize the data?”

“Actually, I feel that these three new skills are quite unsuitable to be displayed alone. It needs to rely on combination skills in battle to display all the tactical value.”

“It might not be a big deal to take it out alone, but when combined, it can fight a monarch.”

Master Qu Jie said, “Up to you. We… We can do anything.”

Legend Bai, Principal Feng, and the others nodded.

There was no hurry. There was a long time. There was plenty of time today.

In everyone’s opinion, the outcome of this battle was not the main point.

No one expected Shi Yu to win.

The main point was to test the potential and battle power of the Three Inscription Nine Li Battle Beast!

A comprehensive battle and a single test had to be carried out!

However, although the Iron-eating Beast’s energy level was indeed high, was it really appropriate to challenge an opponent whose energy level was six times higher than his own level?

If the opponent wasn’t suitable, they would also be inconvenient when the skill was displayed.

“Alright, let’s begin.”

Shi Yu nodded and was already prepared to command Eleven to battle.

“Come, let me see how strong you’ve become now.”

“Roar!!!”

The Ox-Headed Beast King raised its ax. At this moment, it was the one who wanted to fight the most.

Beast Tamer, well done. After winning this time, it would listen to him.

“What do you think the outcome will be?”

In the audience, Principal Feng and the others sat and thought.

Shi Yu was very mysterious. He didn’t reveal the Iron-eating Beast’s new skill

along the way…

Just how powerful was this skill?

To make Shi Yu so confident and even think that he could challenge a

monarch-level pet…

“Tsk, in any case, I don’t really believe it.” Legend Bai chuckled and said, “I think that maybe this kid hasn’t experienced a beating and is arrogant.”

“It’s not like I haven’t seen high-level overlord races before. To want to rely on transcendent skills at the commander rank to challenge old monarchs… The difficulty is very high.”

He himself had a pet of a high-level overlord race. He believed that even if he fused with this pet at the commander rank, it would be very difficult to fight above his level.

This was a difference of a million, not hundreds of thousands!

The Iron-eating Beast didn’t even have a fraction of the Ox-Headed Beast King’s energy!

“I think it can be done.” White Brook licked her lips.

Legend Bai:??

How could she mess with family like this?

“Why?”

“Isn’t it good to be strong? The Iron-eating Beast’s training ground is on our territory!!” White Brook seemed to have been possessed by a panda senior.

As everyone discussed, in the arena, Master Qu Jie saw that Shi Yu and the others had yet to move. He attacked first!

It wasn’t accurate.

Both parties should have attacked together.

However, on Master Qu Jie’s side, the Ox-Headed Beast King erupted with deterrence.

As for Shi Yu’s side, it was Shi Yu who attacked!

Everyone was stunned and looked at Shi Yu’s hand.

Shi Yu opened his hand, and on it were ten black metal balls.

Shi Yu directly threw ten metal beans onto the arena.

The next moment, the black metal bean was like a seed as it quickly absorbed external nutrients. White light lingered and evolved into small Iron-eating beasts that were identical to Eleven.

Each of them had about 40,000 energy points.

“Wu Wu Wu.”

The group of bean bears surrounded Eleven.

On one side, it was the powerful skill of deterrence, specializing in destroying cannon fodder. On the other side, they just happened to create a pile of fodder. At this moment, everyone clearly couldn’t react.

“Roar!!!!”

In the blink of an eye, as the Ox-Headed Beast King roared, the explosive fire deterrence swept up in all directions. Soon, everyone’s expressions changed slightly.

The Ox-Headed Beast King’s expression was fierce as it howled in anger. The heat wave around its body began to sway. The substantialized red deterrence directly made the arena red. The perfect-level deterrence turned into a fire tornado that instantly swallowed its opponent!

However, in the face of such a powerful skill, the power displayed by the eleven little bears directly stunned everyone.

“Wu Wu Wu.”

In the crowd, in the arena, eleven little Iron-eating Beasts immediately had golden light lingering around their bodies. Then, the golden light on their bodies resonated, turning into a huge golden domain that enveloped them.

Boom!

The Golden Domain was like a huge illusory city. It was unbreakable, and it shot out a shocking light. The golden flames were incomparably dazzling. The Panda King Eleven stood in the center. Impregnable at the Dao Proficiency level triggered the ten Little Iron-eating Beasts’ expert-level impregnable skill. It directly resulted in the army resonance skill!

In an instant, deterrence and impregnable collided. A shocking scene appeared.

Under the protection of the golden domain, not to mention the Panda King Eleven, who was protected in the center by the ten Bean Bear soldiers, even the ten weak Bean Bears were actually unscathed in the face of the perfect deterrence of a monarch-level pet!

Because the strong deterrence directly disappeared with a bang when it touched impregnable.

“How is this possible!”

“Roar!!”

Seeing this scene, Master Qu Jie and the Ox-Headed Beast King widened their eyes.

Holy shit.

What the f*ck was this?

“During this evolution, a total of three super racial skills were awakened. One of them was the condensed bean soldier of the metal and wood elements.” “This skill is relatively special. It’s a special skill that can be preserved for a period of time as long as the distance doesn’t exceed the pet’s main body.”

Shi Yu was excited. This was the correct way to condense beans into soldiers.

He would create the Bean Bear Soldier in advance and release it at the critical moment. As long as he recovered his physical strength in advance, it was equivalent to ten free subordinates.

At the moment, although the eleven little Iron-eating Beasts on the arena were much weaker than the Ox-Headed Beast King, with the impregnable army resonance skill, not only could their strength condense together, but they could also display greater strength!

The only disadvantage was that this move could only be defensive, and it consumed a lot of energy.

“Roar!!!” The Ox-Headed Beast King suddenly widened its eyes and looked at its Beast Tamer.

Wasn’t this f*cking cheating???

It was fine if he had placed the Bean Bears in advance, but why did he have a f*cking resonance skill? Moreover, he was so proficient in cooperating.

“I…” Master Qu Jie’s heart skipped a beat when he saw that the opening was disadvantageous. Why were all these abnormal super skills here?

This bean soldier was the same as the Inner Power. Obviously, it was also a super cheating skill!

“Wuu!!!” In the next second, Panda King Eleven waved a hand. It took a step forward, and the ten Bean Bears surrounding it also took a step forward. The huge metal domain that enveloped them also pushed forward. It directly pushed it towards the Ox-Headed Beast King!

“Roar!!”

Seeing this, the Ox-Headed Beast King widened its eyes and swung its ax in anger! However!

Boom!!!

Its ax hit the golden dome, but only a crack was opened. It couldn’t break through its defense. Instead, the powerful rebound forced it back a few steps!! It was impregnable. Not to mention mental, physical, and elemental attacks, it could even defend against soul attacks!

Holy shit.

Seeing this scene, Principal Feng and the others, who were sitting and watching, were overjoyed.

“This…”

They opened their mouths slightly. It was actually Bean Soldiers… “It’s the same as Inner Power. It’s one of the top skills of the metal element.” “I know this move, a very rare army skill. I didn’t expect…”

Everyone was clearly not unfamiliar with this skill.

However, when the same skill was used by different pets, the tactical value was also different. The combat effect was the most important! For example, in front of them, the Iron-eating Beast had the army resonance skill known as impregnable. The effect of it being used to form soldiers was very good!

This skill was simply made for Iron-eating Beasts with the impregnable racial skill!

“You guys… You brats…” At the same time, in the arena, Master Qu Jie’s expression changed continuously. He was clearly very shocked by this combination skill. However, did they think that he could fight a monarch with just a defense-type army resonance skill?

It wasn’t that simple!

“Old Bull!”

“Attack!”

After being flaunted by Shi Yu and the others, Master Qu Jie no longer spoke about virtue. He directly let the Ox-Headed Beast King use its expert level super skill, the Flame Bath Battle Soul!

Boom!

After the Ox-Headed Beast King stabilized its body, a huge Bull Demon Flame phantom appeared behind it.

This was a super fire-element skill. It could summon the Flame Battle Soul and fight together. During the existence of the Flame Battle Soul, it could increase the user’s strength, defense, speed, fire power, battle will, and injury recovery speed!

Although it wasn’t as extreme and violent as Inner Power, it was a skill that increased battle power in all directions.

“Roar!!!” With the battle soul on its body, the Ox-Headed Beast King cracked the ground. It suddenly jumped up and swung its ax in the air again, wanting to completely shatter the impregnable fortress.

It looked at the eleven little iron-eating beasts protected by the metal city and

was angry.

However.

It wasn’t like Shi Yu didn’t do anything when it condensed the fire soul.

Eleven stood on the spot and directly released the hardening substance, covering every bean bear with its hardened substance through the ground.

To be precise, this was not an ordinary hardening substance, but a hardening substance that Eleven had given the Lightning Rod attribute!

At the same time, lightning lingered on the hardened substance on Eleven’s body.

Click.

Originally, when they saw Eleven use Hardening to strengthen the Bean Bears, they were a little confused. But in the next moment, as the sky rumbled, White Brook and the others immediately looked up at the sky and opened their mouths slightly.

Boom!!!

At this moment, the electric arcs on the hardening substance covering the eleven iron-eating beasts were already flickering very intensely.

Boom!!!

Another deafening sound. Dark clouds instantly appeared in the sky above the arena. The speed of the lightning clouds condensing was terrifyingly fast.

It was as if the natural power of lightning in Wu Ling City was attracted.

The sky was pitch-black, and the thunder was deafening.

There was no rain or wind, and the surroundings were extremely calm. In the thunderclouds in the sky, only lightning rolled crazily with a terrifying might.

The sky immediately darkened. The light of lightning lit up the bodies of every Iron-eating Beast, especially the Panda King Eleven, who was surrounded by the Bean Bears. At this moment, it was like a thunder god.

Under the lightning, the Ox-Headed Beast King that slashed down from the sky was stunned. Its ax landed on the golden fortress, and the entire impregnable fortress, even if it was an army skill, was instantly disintegrated in the face of absolute power. But at the same time…

Boom!!!

A bolt of heavenly lightning directly streaked across the sky, and then the lightning clouds turned into a lightning pool. The thunder didn’t stop, and the sky turned from dark to bright, turning into a white ocean that illuminated the surroundings like the dawn before the end of the day.

“God’s Punishment!”

As Shi Yu finished speaking, Little Eleven raised its arm and swung down. With a boom, all the power of the white lightning sea in the sky condensed into a huge lightning pillar that tilted down with a bang. Just as it cracked the protection, the Ox-Headed Beast King was suddenly attracted by the change in the sky.

The speed of the lightning was very fast. Just as the Ox-Headed Beast King raised its head, the next moment, the lightning pillar that enveloped the entire venue directly descended and swallowed all the pets, including the Ox-Headed Beast King, Eleven, and ten Bean Bears!

At this moment, Master Qu Jie, Legend Bai, Principal Feng, Senior Lu, Senior Bai, and the others’ expressions changed.

What was this?

It could mobilize the power of nature on such a large scale??

“The Lightning Rod can transform itself or external objects into a physique that attracts natural lightning.”

“Heavenly lightning will indiscriminately destroy everything around it.”

Amidst the ten thousand thundering sounds, Shi Yu didn’t care if everyone could hear him. The moment the lightning descended, the ten Bean Bears that were used as sacrifices to guide the lightning were the first to fall. Even if they had saved lightning, their bodies were instantly shattered by the huge power of the lightning

At the same time, the Ox-Headed Beast King was also experiencing the terrifying heavenly lightning baptism!!

“Roar!!!” The Ox-Headed Beast King’s defense was still strong. Even if it was facing natural lightning, it still endured it. In the lightning, it felt pain and glared at Eleven. It didn’t expect that it would actually be injured consecutively by a commander-level pet. However, as it looked at Eleven in the lightning, it suddenly felt a sense of danger.

The Bean Bears couldn’t withstand the natural lightning led down by the 11 Thunder Rods, but Eleven, who had the source of stamina, the lightning immunity, and the max-level storage lightning, could.

“Wuu!!!!”

In the lightning pillar, lightning lingered. Eleven seemed to have been released. Lightning lingered in its eyes, and its body gradually began to expand from a meter tall to incomparably huge. Soon, against the lightning, it became a huge lightning beast ten meters tall!!

Moreover, during this process, the evolution light lingered around its entire body. Its sharp mode erupted with all its might, directly transforming into the form of the Nine Li Battle Beast. The power of lightning was also quickly absorbed into its body!!

Shi Yu and Eleven called this huge explosive form that absorbed the power of the huge heavenly lightning into the Thunder God Armor Mode.

Under the cover of the black and silver armor, the huge Eleven revealed two eyes that seemed to contain lightning. At this moment, there was no lightning in the arena anymore. All the lightning was absorbed into Eleven’s body…

This result was that the violent electric current flowing from Eleven’s body made the monarch-level Ox-Headed Beast King opposite extremely shocked. It looked at the Nine Li Battle Beast that was countless times taller than it… A while ago, it was like a little kid looking up at it!

It wanted to move, but the transcendent deterrence that contained the power of lightning erupted from Eleven’s body directly exploded in the Ox-Headed Beast King’s heart like a thunderbolt, causing it to be in a daze.

“No way…” “Could it be…”

“How is this possible…”

Seeing Eleven absorb all the lightning so bravely, everyone was shocked. They looked at Eleven, who slowly clenched its fist, raised its arm, and pulled it back…

In the next moment, a ball of light wrapped in white lightning covered Eleven’s huge hardening fist. Moreover, under the enhancement of the huge transformation of the skill, although Eleven didn’t become too big, the move it condensed this time increased extremely quickly and became extremely huge. Space-shaking!!!

Boom!!!

After condensing, Eleven directly threw a punch. It didn’t hit the Ox-Headed Beast King, but directly hit the air. But at this moment, everyone heard a huge sound that was expectedly destructive. They felt a power that could destroy everything!

In the huge vibration sound, with a crack, the space directly shattered. The space where the entire venue was located was directly like a broken mirror, constantly producing cracks like white lightning and black lightning!! “Roar!!!” At this moment, the Ox-Headed Beast King sensed a fatal threat, and its huge pupils constricted.

At that moment, it faced Eleven’s full-strength eruption that had the help of the Inner Power and the storage lightning that had exceeded the limit of absorbing the power of eleven heavenly lightning!! 1

Under the stimulation of the Thunder Armor, Eleven’s strength reached the limit. The shocking power smashed out a shock wave, and after the enhancement of the hundredfold enlargement, Eleven finally threw out all his

strength.

Only Shi Yu’s pet, who was filled with full level skills, could do this kind of incomparable explosion. Only Eleven, who was not afraid of backlash, could do

At this moment, in the eyes of the Ox-Headed Beast King, Eleven didn’t look like a commander-level pet anymore… “Roar!!!! (Stupid Beast Tamer!!!!)” “Roar!! (This is f*cking 200,000??)”

“Roar!!! (You***, Your damn****)”

The Ox-Headed Beast King was roaring, but facing the terrifying attack that was not only enhanced by the giant transformation but also wrapped in deterrence, it could only resist.

Moreover, the affected range of this move was the entire venue. “F*ck.” At this moment, after being scolded by the Ox-Headed Beast King, Master Qu Jie had already lost his ability to think because he also sensed the horror of this move.

With his many years of self-sealing experience, he wanted to ask if this was actually a pet with 200,000 energy points and not 2 million??

At this moment, Master Qu Jie couldn’t help but be a little at a loss. He felt that he had lost his dreams. At this moment, he also wanted to shout in complaint that this was a f*cking commander rank!!

“What the f*ck are you monsters!!” Master Qu Jie finally widened his eyes. Then, his vision was enveloped by white light. 2

In the blink of an eye, the real world shattered like a mirror. The attack that contained terrifying power directly shattered everything, sweeping with incomparable vibration power and devouring the Ox-Headed Beast King.

Under the interweaving of the white lightning and the black spatial crack, everything in the entire venue shattered almost instantly. The huge vibration power even rushed into the sky, instantly tearing open a hundred-meter-long natural chasm in the sky!!

Nearby.

Many people stopped and looked at the change in the sky in confusion.

Then, they covered their ears in fright.

Boom!!!

At the same time, even with the protection of the Flame Battle Soul, the OxHeaded Beast King’s body almost instantly disappeared in the face of Eleven’s attack that had also injured itself 90%. Its pupils also instantly turned white. A strong vibration directly attacked its body, causing it to be heavily injured. “Ugh… (Stupid Beast Tamer…)”

Until the last moment of its consciousness, the Ox-Headed Beast King was still cursing. It only felt that this world was all a lie.

This time, it was another scam.

It didn’t even need to be sealed… It couldn’t win with its full power.

Master Qu Jie :”…”

This time, Master Qu Jie’s mentality exploded. He finally understood that if he gave Shi Yu another assessment, he would be an idiot!! This boy was not human at all!!! Also, President Bai wasn’t his friend anymore! 2

A moment later, the Ox-Headed Beast King completely lost consciousness. Master Qu Jie also lost his ability to think. The dust had settled, but the venue was definitely gone. Legend Bai, Principal Feng, Lu Qingyi, White Brook, President Bai, and the others watched everything in silence, similarly speechless.

It was a little suffocating. Who would have thought that the “not inferior to a monarch” Shi Yu mentioned referred to relying on the commander level to challenge a powerful enemy that was one million energy points higher than it?

“Aba.” At this moment, after being stunned for a moment, Legend Bai and Principal Feng cursed in their hearts.

Was it certain that this was a high-level overlord and not a high-level Mythical race?

“Space Quake can give the power of vibration to the metal substance or to hardening. The higher the level of the metal substance, the stronger the power of the spatial vibration, the greater the strength of the body, the stronger the power of the spatial vibration…” [Of course, this battle is only for reference. Everything is based on realistic measurements. Eleven is a royal, so it will be a little stronger than other ironeating beasts. I hope other beast tamers would nurture their pandas rationally.]

At this moment, Shi Yu’s final introduction came.

As the introduction went on, the Beast-eared Lady White Brook’s eyes turned red. Her desire to nurture a panda had reached the extreme. Even Lu Qingyi, who wasn’t tempted at the start, was extremely silent at this moment, her gaze filled with disbelief.

In the next moment, the two legends started to analyze again.

“Damn, this is only the enhancement of an ordinary level-eight metal??”

“How powerful is the Meteorite Fragment that Shi Yu said could allow the Iron-eating Beast to evolve perfectly??”

“This, this, this, this… If this isn’t cultivated into a national treasure, it’s simply intolerable.”

Legend Bai and Principal Feng suddenly got up, their eyes red. At this moment, they had a premonition that Dong Huang would be shocked by the Nine Li Battle Beast next. If the Beast Tamers knew that the Iron-eating Beast could evolve into this thing, they would probably have to petition everyone to suppress a certain half-god and take revenge for Emperor Wu.. Yun An was in danger!!