Chapter 250 - Shi Yu, Who Had Stepped Into The Master Domain

Chapter 250: Shi Yu, who had stepped into the Master Domain

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator:

Atlas Studios

Editor:

Atlas Studios

In the blink of an eye, three days had passed since the mutation of Emperor Wu Ruins.

In three days, there was still no connection between the outside world and the ruins of Emperor Wu.

In this situation, the martial arts conference was definitely unable to be successfully held.

“What a sin.”

“Tm so silly, really.”

Principal Feng’s head was about to explode. He had the same problem as White Brook.

At the side, Legend Bai smiled bitterly.

Son of a b*tch!

When archeologists stepped into this industry, they should have been mentally prepared.

Exploring the ruins was the most dangerous thing. Anything could happen.

“Don’t worry, since that totem teleported us out, it means that it shouldn’t have any ill intentions. Now, we just have to wait. Apart from that, there’s no other especially good method.”

“Sigh.” Principal Feng nodded.

In order to not cause too much panic, the news of the Battle Emperor Ruins had to be sealed.

At that time, there were many Beast Tamers in the ruins of Emperor Wu. Many people didn’t know that Shi Yu didn’t come out, so for a period of time, only a few people were worried about Shi Yu.

For example, White Brook, who had called Shi Yu to participate in the martial arts conference, felt ten thousand regrets in her heart. If she had known earlier, she wouldn’t have invited Shi Yu no matter what.

Apart from that, under Lu Qingyi’s invitation, the members of Bureau 11 also put down what they were doing and collectively came to Wu Ling City to study Emperor Wu Ruins and try to see if there were any other ways to enter.

In just half a month, almost all the members of Bureau 11 came to Wu Ling City.

There were also various spatial specialists who arrived at Bureau 11’s invitation.

Unfortunately, the ruins space was an extremely profound thing. If there were no tools to control the entire ruins, then its traces of existence were something that even legendary Beast Tamers couldn’t confirm. Even legends like Emperor Shi and Emperor Kong didn’t dare to say that they could crack all

the ruins.

Icefield City, Ping Cheng.

‘As he had agreed with Shi Yu to help the Iron-eating Beast increase its hardening level during the holidays, Lin Xiuzhu originally wanted to contact Shi Yu, but she realized that she couldn’t contact him no matter what.

“What’s wrong?” Seeing that his daughter had not gone to the ancient capital for a long time, Lin Hongnian asked.

“Ancient Capital University said… Shi Yu has important ruins exploration work. He might not be able to contact the outside world for the time being.” Lin Xiuzhu’s expression was blank.

She kept feeling that something was wrong, but she couldn’t say what was wrong.

The change in the ruins of Emperor Wu could be said to have made Wu Ling City into a mess.

Usually, the Beast Tamer Troops in Wu Ling City were basically training with Emperor Wu Ruins. Now that such a thing had happened, the management of Wu Ling City had a headache.

The most terrifying thing was… This situation lasted for more than two months, but there was still no activity from the Emperor Wu Ruins.

There was still no news from Shi Yu.

72 days later, in Wu Ling City, Lu Qingyi, who had stayed in Wu Ling City the longest as Bureau 11, and had not stopped studying the ruins of the Emperor Wu for almost a day, sighed and was a little absent-minded.

‘What exactly happened inside?

Why was there no movement for two whole months?

So was there any danger inside

At the same time, in Emperor Wu Ruins.

At this moment, Shi Yu was the most troubled.

For the past two months, it had been so boring that his scalp went numb.

As there was really no feasible way to get out, Shi Yu could only wait.

Who knew that after waiting for more than two months, there was still no result?

“What a sin.”

“Didn’t you say you would die in a few days? It’s been two months.”

“Don’t tell me that for one day ina turtle’s life, it equals one year of a human’s life…”

In his ruins space, after Shi Yu finished complaining daily, he continued to close his eyes and meditate.

In the past two months, because there was no other interference, his cultivation efficiency was especially fast.

After all, apart from adding points and meditation, he didn’t have the mood to do anything else.

With the help of the level-six spatial cultivation resource Space Crystal gifted by the third bureau, he was almost close to the master level.

It was probably just a short period of time before he broke through.

Apart from that, the changes to Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, and Chi Tong were also very huge.

How should he put it.

Apart from super skills that couldn’t be added, all the low, intermediate, and high-level skills that the four of them could learn and add were filled by Shi Yu during this period.

For example, Shi Yu had maxed out every pet with high-speed healing, super vision, absolute sleep, multiplication, and deterrence.

Including Baby Ginseng, they had all learned transcendent level deterrence. From this, one could tell how much Shi Yu’s balls hurt during this period of time.

Apart from that, their racial skills naturally didn’t fall behind.

Eleven’s storage lightning, impregnable, Buggy’s spatial bag, Dream Stealing, Chi Tong’s Light Flame Sword, and Soul Slash had also been added to the maximum level, one level higher than transcendent teaching skills. They were all at the level of Dao Proficiency.

Now, in the commander rank state, Eleven had nearly 200,000 energy points, and its energy value was far ahead.

Chi Tong, who had 180,000 energy points, followed closely behind. Although it was known as a quasi-mythical race, that was because Spirit Release easily increased proficiency and had greater potential. In terms of overall attributes if they were at the same level, it was really inferior to Eleven, who had

swallowed a bunch of high-level resources.

As for Buggy, it was a little tragic. Although its energy value above 170,000 was not low, the difference was still a little obvious compared to the other two monsters. After all, it was a worm-type creature, and its energy value did not have the advantage.

After using the Domain of Imagination and the Dragon of Imagination, its energy quality would increase, but the problem was that Eleven also had the Inner Power and Chi Tong had the Possession. These were skills that could increase the quality of its energy.

Because of this, Shi Yu originally wanted to hold a Shiyu Meeting in the ruins of Emperor Wu to relieve his boredom, but he was directly persuaded by Buggy and Baby Ginseng.

No, no, no, no!

Buggy, who originally wanted to participate in the Shiyu Meeting the most, immediately panicked.

It felt that it still needed to work hard.

As for Baby Ginseng, it wanted to cry the most. It wanted to evolve and evolve, but the gem cat had the Death Spirit Fruit, the soil of time… They weren’t even holding a moonlight gem nor were they in a special time space. Although it wanted to evolve, it had to hold back.

This also resulted in its energy level being at the bottom of the team.

As a ginseng baby with energy as a racial advantage, although its energy value couldn’t be said to be low, it was indeed not high compared to the other three.

As Baby Ginseng insisted on carrying out a fair team competition after it evolved, Shi Yu had no choice but to push the team internal competition time again.

It was mainly because he wasn’t confident of defeating Eleven himself

Aweek later.

As cracks appeared on the Space Crystal in Shi Yu’s hand, his aura began to climb steadily.

With the use of hundreds of millions worth of super rare spatial cultivation resources, with the advantage of the ruins meditation technique and physique, he only used two months to increase his Beast Taming level to level five.

Shi Yu looked down and realized that his Beast Taming Space Barrier had completely turned blue after its level increased!

This meant that from today onwards, he, Shi Yu, was a master-level Beast Tamer.

Not only could the contracted pet reach the level of a monarch, but it had also obtained the fifth contract slot.

‘The moment Shi Yu broke through, Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, and Chi Tong all sensed it in various places in the ruins space. They instantly felt that their bottlenecks seemed to have been touched.

At this moment, all of Shi Yu’s pets sensed the opportunity to break through to the monarch level.

“wauu!!!”

“Wu wu wu ~”

“viva.”

“Mimil!”

In the blink of an eye, the four little guys arrived beside Shi Yu from different places.

Little Eleven, who was about 0.3 meters tall, looked up at Shi Yu excitedly.

Now, with the special effect of transcendent shrinking, even if it maintained shrinking, its strength wouldn’t decrease much compared to its normal state.

At the same time, it could also have the advantage of quickly recovering in a shrunken state. Of course, if it wanted to erupt with greater strength, it definitely had to rely on enlargement.

It was the same for Buggy. It landed on Shi Yu in a shrunken form that was less than the size of a palm. Baby Ginseng and Chi Tong also ran over and flew over shakily.

“Tbroke through.” Shi Yu looked at them and smiled.

“How do you feel?”

“wal!”

With Eleven as the lead, the four pets expressed that they could break through in the next few days!

“As expected, it happened naturally.”

Shi Yu was very excited.

‘There were going to be four monarch-level pets soon. This way, he could be considered top-notch among master-level Beast Tamers.

After all, a master like Master Lin Hongnian only had two monarch-level pets.

And he had four, and their racial levels were not low. This was probably something rarely achieved by a master.

Even if he faced those strengthening Beast Tamers who could strengthen their pets to millions of energy points, Shi Yu would not be afraid with the racial advantage of Eleven and the others.

Now, Shi Yu finally knew why people loved to contract pets with high racial levels. As long as the time was right, breakthroughs were basically inevitable. There were no bottlenecks.

Thinking about it, it was normal. After all, apart from super racial skills, Eleven and the others had all their racial skills at the maximum level. Breaking through to the monarch level was probably as simple as drinking water. Their foundation was too good.

However, it was probably a little difficult to break through to the overlord level.

According to Shi Yu’s understanding, there were two ways to break through to the overlord level. The first was to rely on legendary resources to strengthen the level-nine resource when the foundation reached the standard.

One was that all the racial skills it had, including super racial skills, had to have been trained to above perfect proficiency. This way, under the lead of racial skills, he could break through to the overlord level naturally.

After breaking through like this, it was stronger than relying on resources to break through.

At the thought of this, Shi Yu suddenly reacted and quickly opened the skill index.

After this breakthrough, his physique had improved again. Could he add some super skills?

Shi Yu quickly flipped open the skill index. He realized that in other places, the skill index had not changed much, but in the teaching of super skills, the skill index really was different.

Skill: Plant Control

Status: Can be taught

Shi Yu was looking at Baby Ginseng.

Upon seeing the words “can be taught’, Shi Yu was instantly overjoyed.

The joy of a Beast Tamer was just that plain and simple.

But at the next moment, his heart fell to the bottom.

Because there were still a few bars under [Status].

[Teaching success rate]: Very low

[Teaching Risk]: Extremely high

[Note]: The teaching of super skills will not only consume the Beast Tamer’s physical fitness and energy, but also the Beast Tamer’s life force. It’s extremely dangerous.

[Note]: Pets have to have a firm willpower to absorb the experience of super skills. Their strong hearts and conditions don’t meet the requirements. There’s a risk of becoming a slave of strength and losing your mind, causing the teaching to fail!

“Holy shit.” Shi Yu glanced at Chi Tong again.

Skill: Interlocking Sword

Status: Can be taught

[Teaching success rate]: Very low

He looked at Buggy.

Skill: Imagination Domain

Status: Can be taught

[Teaching success rate]: Very low

In the end, he looked at Eleven.

Skill: Inner Power

Status: Can be taught

[Teaching success rate]: Low

In an instant, Shi Yu’s expression darkened to the extreme.

Apart from Eleven, the success rate of the other three guys’ super skills was actually extremely low??

“wu?” “wou? Mi?”

The four little guys didn’t understand why Shi Yu’s expression suddenly changed so much.

Shouldn’t he be happy that he had broken through?

yi!!!” Baby Ginseng asked Shi Yu. Did he want a nutritional fruit?

“Tm not in the mood to eat anymore!” Shi Yu stood up and deliberately said with a sullen expression, “Apart from Eleven… Buggy, Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong, you guys should work hard.”

The pets:???

Shi Yu’s mood was completely up and down.

Even if he saw that teaching super skills consumed life force, he didn’t think much of it. It wasn’t like the nutritional fruit of the ginseng baby didn’t have the effect of replenishing life force. At most, he could replenish himself more and become weaker for a few days.

However, learning super skills also started to have requirements for pets. This was something Shi Yu didn’t expect.

Moreover, none of his four pets reached the standard. In an instant, Shi Yu felt responsible.

A firm willpower and a strong heart… Although he didn’t know what the conditions were for adding some super skill pets, it was obvious that they were far from enough.

Even Eleven didn’t meet the requirements. This made Shi Yu find it very difficult to believe.

This way, wouldn’t adding points in the future be like drawing a card? If he taught ten times, there was only one chance of getting results??

Who could withstand this!! He had to spend his life!!

The best way to change this situation was to increase the willpower of the pets and let them have strong hearts. After calming down, Shi Yu suddenly realized that the restrictions of super skills weren’t entirely bad.

Even Eleven, Buggy, and Baby Ginseng were relatively hardworking, but their journey was still too smooth. Their growth speed was ridiculously fast.

This way, there was almost no training of the mind.

The so-called experts should have strong hearts. Otherwise, their hearts that had power but didn’t support their strength would be like that of Yun An five thousand years ago, reduced to a slave of power and fell into a chaotic state. They wouldn’t have any rationality and started to destroy everything.

Shi Yu definitely didn’t want to see this situation.

Therefore, after analyzing it for a while, Shi Yu sighed… At the moment, it was still impossible to increase the points of super skills.

“When the teaching success rate becomes medium… No, after it becomes high, I’ll teach super skills.”

“From the current situation, even Eleven will probably have to be tempered for a long time.”

Shi Yu still knew Eleven and the others very well. Although Eleven was hardworking and had strong willpower to do any arduous training, it basically didn’t have the fearless heart to challenge the strong.

Compared to those predecessors who protected their hearts and faced the totems fearlessly, Eleven was the same as its Beast Tamer. It only knew to bully the weak and fear the strong, and it liked to fight the babies. It was clearly much weaker. Eleven still had to train.

As for Buggy and Baby Ginseng, they were even a little inferior to Eleven.

As for Little Chi Tong, if it were its predecessor, General Mu Huiyin, it would definitely have an incomparably powerful will and heart even in the history of humans. However, Little Chi Tong was a completely new baby, equivalent to a child who had just been born. These qualities clearly couldn’t be

inherited and needed to be taught.

“wu?” “Wuu?” “Yi?” “Mi?”

The four pets looked at Shi Yu eagerly. What did he mean?

“In short, you guys aren’t in a hurry to break through. Next, I’ll develop a new special training plan for you guys. This training is the priority.”

“Wa…” Wuu…” “Yi…” Mi…” The four guys were a little nervous. They suddenly had a bad feeling.

Even Eleven, who wasn’t afraid of training, suddenly felt a chill down its spine when it looked at Shi Yu. It kept feeling that Shi Yu was up to no good.

[After all, if they become too strong after breaking through, I won’t be able to find a suitable training environment… Shi Yu muttered in his heart.

“Alright, let’s go out and take a look at the ruins today.”

Amoment later, Shi Yu brought the four little guys to the Nine Pillars.

Sensing the situation here, Shi Yu sighed again.

Not yet!

No way, no way, no way… Did he have to reach legendary level before he could leave this place?!

This was just… Even if the food resources here were quite sufficient, he was still thinking about the next water-element pet in Dragon Palace City, and also about the evolution of the ginseng baby.

Just as Shi Yu was beginning to feel depressed, the spatial ripples around the nine pillars suddenly changed slightly.

Buzz

Shi Yu, who was standing in the teleportation area, suddenly sensed the connection between Emperor Wu Ruins and the outside world.

At this moment, his depression was instantly swept away.

Damn, he could finally go out!! This was double happiness!!