Chapter 264 - Human Big Boss Shi Yu

Chapter 264: Human Big Boss Shi Yu

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator:

Atlas Studios

Editor:

Atlas Studios

‘The upright Shi Yu started chatting with the Third Prince in all seriousness.

He had a wide range of information.

Not only were they limited to the sons of totems and heirs of overlords, but he also had to ask about some descendants of monarchs, commander descendants, and even the shrimps and crabs in Dragon Palace City.

At the moment, as the skill index upgraded, he could teach super skills. Moreover, there were restrictions. High-rank pets were no longer Shi Yu’s goal.

Though, if it was a Mythical race with their own divine skills, it could still be discussed.

Otherwise, in Shi Yu’s eyes, a pet of an overlord race was far less attractive to him than a pet that had mastered the overlord’s will.

After all, as long as he could teach super skills, that was simply a totem straight away.

From the situation of this White Azure Dragon, although these totem children’s battle power was definitely at the top among their peers, and their energy levels were actually not inferior to Eleven and the others, who had basically maxed out their racial skills, it was obvious that they were rich sons of

rich parents.

The other heirs of overlords were probably similar. They couldn’t be brought along.

If possible, Shi Yu didn’t even mind going to the million prawn soldiers in Dragon Palace City to choose and give them a visual assessment of their aptitude.

In Shi Yu’s opinion, water-type pets with overlord’s will should be pretty easy to find in the ocean.

In short, it didn’t necessarily have to use the heir of the overlord to make friends with Dragon Palace City. When the time came, the ice dragon would become the Ice Dragon King of Dragon Palace City. Was there a better backer than this?

At that time, Chi Tong would also be the daughter of the totem in Dragon Palace City!

“The situation of the Dragon Palace City army… I’m not too sure…”

However, in the face of Shi Yu’s question, the white dragon said shyly.

Shi Yu: “?”

“Aren’t you the son of the Sea Dragon King?”

“Doesn’t your father have his own faction?”

“aren’t you the Third Prince of Dragon Palace City?”

“How can you not know!”

“This won’t do…”

“You don’t even know the situation of the ocean army talent in Dragon Palace City. How can you sweep away the children of other Dragon Kings in the future and inherit Dragon Palace City?”

“You’re not young anymore. It’s time to learn to form cliques and recruit talents.”

Shi Yu expected better from him. It was fine if its strength wasn’t enough, it was fine if his potential wasn’t enough. It couldn’t even be a second-generation heir competently? What a loser!

The White Azure Dragon was shocked. “Don’t talk nonsense! I’m not! I’m not interested in the status of the Dragon God of Dragon Palace City!”

At this moment, in the eyes of the White Azure Dragon, Shi Yu was very similar to those treacherous officials who encouraged it to fight for power.

Shi Yu also felt that this White Dragon was useless and didn’t pursue it.

“wu…”

Next, Shi Yu originally wanted to take a step back and ask more about the other situations in Dragon Palace City, but at this moment, the originally calm sea suddenly moved.

A huge vortex formed, and an extremely terrifying pressure gradually came from the deep sea.

‘The originally normal sky darkened.

This sudden change made the gem cat beside him reveal a serious expression. It even shocked the White Azure Dragon and made it swallow its saliva crazily.

“Not good!!!”

It shouted and its body immediately danced. It wanted to fly towards the land, but it was too late.

In the next second, with a boom, a huge waterspout rose out of thin air, connecting the deep sea to the sky like a water pillar.

Among them, a deep cry that was like the cry of a whale sounded.

‘Whoosh—

Right on the heels of that, the waterspout dispersed from the inside. A huge creature more than 20 meters long wrapped around the water and quietly charged into the sky.

Its back was black, its abdomen was grayish-white, and it had a sharp back fin. After it charged into the sky, the violent sea flow instantly returned to calm, but the White Azure Dragon’s heart instantly couldn’t calm down.

[Race Name]: Sky Penetrating Whale

[Race Attributes]: Water, Dragon

[Race Level]: Mid-level overlord

{Level of Growth]: Overlord

Energy Points: 87,120,000

{Introduction]: The overlord of the whale group in the Dragon Palace City. It can trigger tornadoes and tsunamis to easily drown a city at will. Don’t offend it!

“F*ck…”

As such a thing appeared, Shi Yu’s heart stopped.

Its energy level was 30 million higher than the gem cat. It was ridiculous.

[This, this guy is so strong, his energy level is even higher than yours by 30 million… He should be here to find this little white dragon, right?] He quickly asked the gem cat.

‘The gem cat’s expression was calm, telling Shi Yu not to panic.

‘They were already overlords. Energy value was not the only standard to judge strength.

Although this big guy’s energy level was terrifyingly high and its cultivation of the natural power was not weak, as long as its gem cat wanted to escape, even if it brought Shi Yu along, the other party might not necessarily be able to catch up.

“Uncle Hei Ge…” Seeing the appearance of this overlord whale, the white dragon almost squeezed out tears and was once again at a stage where it didn’t dare to move.

‘The White Azure Dragon’s eyes were filled with tears.

Did it have to be so exaggerated? Didn’t it just run away from home for a while? Did it have to mobilize this person to catch him??

A moment later, the Sky Penetrating Whale’s huge body enveloped the sky, and its deep gaze slowly lowered to watch.

“Come back with me.” The Sky Penetrating Whale looked at the White Dragon and said, “Don’t make your father angry.”

“L..”‘ The White Azure Dragon was extremely unwilling.

It looked at Shi Yu and the others for help.

At the same time, the Sky Penetrating Whale’s gaze landed on Shi Yu and the others.

With just a glance, Shi Yu, Eleven, Buggy, Chi Tong, and Baby Ginseng immediately trembled.

‘When looking at the Sky Penetrating Whale, it was as if they had fallen into the deep sea. It felt difficult to breathe, as if the heart was being squeezed.

This Sky Penetrating Whale had also mastered transcendent deterrence and integrated its dignity into every move. A breath and a gaze were wrapped in weak deterrence, making it difficult for the weak to look at it directly.

Eleven and the others gritted their teeth. What were they looking at!

In the back, the gem cat also yawned and said, “Isn’t this General Whale?”

“Huh?”

The Sky Penetrating Whale looked at the gem cat that looked at it easily and was silent for a moment. “It’s you…?”

‘The gem cat had also been to Dragon Palace City many times. It was naturally not unfamiliar with the overlord of Dragon Palace City.

Although Dragon Palace City had many totems and more overlords, to Dragon Palace City, overlords were also rare guests.

“Since your family has come, go back.” Shi Yu sold the White Azure Dragon in the blink of an eye and said, “Don’t run around next time. Study well.”

Be able to answer questions next time.

White Azure Dragon:??

‘The Sky Penetrating Whale looked at Shi Yu and the others in silence, feeling a little confused. At this moment, Shi Yu took out the Sea Dragon King’s scale again and introduced himself. “General Whale, hello. I’m the friend of the Sea Dragon King’s good friend, the Butterfly God…”

“Dong Huang Ruins Strategic Investigation and Backup Security Bureau…”

“Also a member of the National Feeding Research and Rare Resource Protection Bureau, Shi Yu.”

Transcendent Whale: (©.©)1

At the side, the White Dragon revealed a confused and amazed gaze!

“This…” The Sky Penetrating Whale quickly reacted and understood that the two bureaus of Dong Huang. However, what it was more concerned about was.

‘When it saw the Sea Dragon King scale Shi Yu took out, the Sky Penetrating Whale fell silent.

Holy shit, this was?

‘The scale of the Sea Dragon King’s friendship?

It remembered that it didn’t give out many pieces.

“Uncle Hei Ge, this is Father’s good friend, Senior Shi Yu,” the white dragon assisted.

Shi Yu:”…”

Children shouldn’t talk nonsense. They weren’t friends yet.

The Sky Penetrating Whale was stunned, but it really couldn’t remember a figure like Shi Yu.

“Hello, Sir Shi Yu.” A moment later, combined with the gem cat and the Sea Dragon King’s scales, the Sky Penetrating Whale felt that Shi Yu didn’t seem to be lying. It couldn’t help but say, “Sorry for being presumptuous. May I ask why you’re here…”

“It’s nothing. I was just walking around and fished. I bumped into the Third Prince.”

“I see.” The Sky Penetrating Whale glanced ahead. Indeed, it was almost at the human domain.

It immediately said, “I hope His Highness didn’t bring you any trouble.”

“It’s not troublesome.” Shi Yu chuckled and said, “In that case, quickly bring the Third Prince back. Eh, can you pass by later and help me bring a message to Senior Sea Dragon King?”

“Huh?” The Sky Penetrating Whale was stunned. “Of course.”

Shi Yu smiled and said, “It’s not a big deal. Please tell Senior Sea Dragon King that I’ll be visiting Dragon Palace City in a few days. At that time, a relative friend of mine might join Dragon Palace City.”

“Relative friend?” The Sky Penetrating Whale looked at the little cat beside it. Could it be.

This cat didn’t have enough fun eating fish in Dragon Palace City the last time. Did it decide to jump ship and join Dragon Palace City this time?

Dragon Palace City had yet to have a precedent of accepting cats

This wasn’t water or dragon. Could it be added?

However, if an overlord-level creature joined Dragon Palace City, it indeed needed the recognition of a totem.

“It’s not it,” Shi Yu said.

“No?”

“Well, it’s a dragon friend of mine. It comes from the West. Its race is a frost dragon, but it’s a little different from ordinary frost dragons.”

“Oh??”

“It once participated in the first totem battle and fought alongside the Time Emperor!”

The Sky Penetrating Whale widened its eyes. The white dragon beside it was also stunned.

“Because Emperor Shi personally bestowed time-element abilities, it’s a little special.”

“Its strength is still not bad. It once suppressed the totem at the overlord level. Now, it has also stepped into the totem level.”

“Now, it wants to find a place to retire, so it wants to join Dragon Palace City… It just happens that I might visit Dragon Palace City next. When the time comes, I should bring it along.”

1

Shi Yu smiled.

“What!!”

Transcendent Whale: d(O20a)

A totem-level dragon??

Moreover, it had participated in the first totem battle with Emperor Shi?

Didn’t that mean that it was an old monster who had lived for more than 2000 years??

After all, the current Dragon God of Dragon Palace City had only risen during the Dragon Emperor Era. Its growth was less than a thousand years ago.

As for the Sea Dragon King, it was less than 200 years ago.

“Ah?” Beside him, the White Azure Dragon also looked at Shi Yu in shock.

So Shi Yu was really a big boss!!!

It originally thought that Shi Yu was only familiar with its father, but it didn’t expect, it didn’t expect.

So scary!!!

He was actually related to totem-level creatures during the Emperor Shi era!

‘The Third Prince didn’t expect to encounter such a big boss just by going out.

It secretly glanced at the confused Eleven and the others and immediately understood.

This big boss was definitely nurturing a new pet. Big Boss Shi Yu’s true main force was unfathomable.

Otherwise, it was impossible for him to casually bring an overlord-level gem cat and casually make friends with totem-level Butterfly God and a giant dragon!

“What you said… is true?” The Sky Penetrating Whale was very shocked.

It had naturally heard of Emperor Shi.

‘That was the first emperor of the Dong Huang, who was on good terms with Dragon Palace City. The ancient emperor of the Dong Huang was even closer to a myth than the Dragon Gods of Dragon Palace City.

‘The fourth legendary Emperor of the Dong Huang, who had the best relationship with Dragon Palace City, was also far inferior to Emperor Shi in historical evaluations.

“Of course, please pass this news to Lord Sea Dragon King,” Shi Yu said.

“Lunderstand.” The Sky Penetrating Whale nodded. It didn’t expect that it would receive such big news after coming out to catch a brat that had run away from home. This news was very important!

‘There were also factions within Dragon Palace City. The various factions were also competitors. Among them, it belonged to the Sea Dragon King’s faction. If the new totem-level dragon was first contacted and befriended by the Sea Dragon King, the hidden benefits would be immeasurable.

“I don’t want to go back!!!”

“Let me experience human society with Big Boss Shi Yu!!”

At this moment, the Third Prince shouted.

“No!” The Sky Penetrating Whale suppressed the White Azure Dragon and said to Shi Yu, “Then, I’ll send this news back as soon as possible. Don’t worry, Sir Shi Yu!”

After the Sky Penetrating Whale captured the Third Prince, Shi Yu sat back down with a sigh.

As he thought, going to Dragon Palace City with Zou Tianwang, Yu Shu, and the others was not difficult at all.

At that time, the other juniors would still be carefully observing Dragon Palace City. He was afraid that he would directly become a guest of the Sea Dragon King. How was he to compete?

“You’re telling the truth.”

“But why does it seem a little different from what I understand?”

‘The gem cat was silent.

“The charm of language, the charm of language…”

Shi Yu laughed. Beside him, Buggy and the others started chattering again.

Was that… a water type Iron-eating Beast?

It was as black and white as Eleven..