Chapter 260 - Let’S Have A Baby Cup

Chapter 260: Let’s Have a Baby Cup

Translator:

Atlas Studios

Editor:

Atlas Studios

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

At this moment, Shi Yu had finished explaining everything,

It was impossible not to give an explanation for causing such a big commotion in other people’s territory.

However, it was also because Baby Ginseng was hardworking and the Time Fruit had enough potential that the current principal and the Prediction Owl of Imperial Capital University found Shi Yu pleasing to the eye.

Therefore, in Shi Yu’s opinion, perhaps the high-level skill, Time Fruit, was the strongest!

It was even more useful than super skills like Moon Explosion, Source of Life, and Time Mark. It was more suitable for public relations!

After all, no matter how powerful the time mark was, no one else could use it.

Of course, feeding the ginseng baby to a beast so it could get stronger, and then reviving it was a way to use it for someone’s sake… This kind of cruel method was indeed feasible… But it was too inhumane!

Moreover, the time mark was too difficult to condense.

He needed Baby Ginseng to invest all its energy and do nothing to concentrate on condensing this for a long time. For a person like Shi Yu who lacked ginseng babies, he couldn’t leave Baby Ginseng’s side for even a moment… If Baby Ginseng wanted to go into seclusion to condense the Time Mark for a

few months, the increase in the team’s strength would probably have to be suspended on the spot.

Therefore, it was better to wait to add points to the Time Mark in the future and see if there would be any changes when the level was high.

If he condensed time imprints now, the cost-effective ratio would be too low!

He just didn’t know if the time mark could develop a way to record other people’s states after its level was high.

Emperor Shi’s heroic spirit ruins… seemed to have used a similar ability.

“Well…”

At this moment, Shi Yu looked at the Time Ruins in silence and said, “Well, speaking of which, can we continue to use the Time Mystic Realm?”

The originally smiling owl’s expression suddenly fell.

“This isn’t a question of whether I want to let you use it or not. It’s that the mystic realm doesn’t want to let you use it anymore.”

Shi Yu: QAQ?

“When Baby Ginseng evolved… it indeed resonated with the mystic realm and absorbed more time power…” Shi Yu said in embarrassment.

“In any case, your goal has been achieved, so stop using it! Moreover, the mystic realm is unstable now,” the owl advised.

Not only did the mystic realm didn’t want to be used, the owl also didn’t want to let it be used!

2

What a joke. If it still dared to after witnessing Shi Yu’s power, people would think it hated the mystic realm.

If Yi Yu and the others wanted to try to die inside and self-destruct, what would happen?

At that time, Baby Ginseng could still be revived. The mystic realm would be shattered!

“Wu wu?”

“Wuu?”

“Mi??”

After hearing that they couldn’t use the time mystic realm to train their overlord will, the other three little ones were suddenly shocked.

What?

It couldn’t be used anymore?

“Cough.” The owl shook its head and said, “There’s no other way.”

Previously, the Time Ruins were restricted to legendary and overlord levels.

Now, it wanted to add another restriction, banning a certain ginseng baby and Shi Yu.

Although it would miss Baby Ginseng, it definitely couldn’t let Shi Yu come into contact with the ruins… The people from Bureau 11 were too scary.

“Ah…” Upon hearing that, Shi Yu looked worried. He had only stayed in the Time Mystic Realm for a day. Only two hours had passed in the outside world.

If he had known that the Time Ruins was so sensitive, he would have let Baby Ginseng evolve before leaving.

“wu?”

“Wuu?”

Eleven, Buggy, and Chi Tong looked at Baby Ginseng. It was too much!

“Yi…” Baby Ginseng took a step back aggrievedly. This couldn’t be helped. It couldn’t control it either.

‘At most… it would compensate everyone with a pile of time fruits later.

At this moment, Shi Yu looked at the four little guys in silence.

Forget it… Compared to the Time Ruins, Overlord Will, and some super skills, he wanted to maximize the Time Fruit to see the effect!

This was the most important!

“Then there’s no need.”

He looked at the similarly silent principal and President Ye of the Imperial Capital University and couldn’t help but say obediently, “Wait, everyone, don’t be in a hurry to leave. Baby Ginseng, you’ve disturbed everyone for so long. Hurry up and create some local specialties for the seniors.”

Baby Ginseng:

Although he knew that Principal Zhao and President Ye might not necessarily lack the nutritional fruits of the ginseng baby, Shi Yu still got Baby Ginseng to prepare a batch of local specialties, including some for the Prediction Owl.

Of course, there was definitely some for the gem cat. It had been eyeing the gem fruit after Baby Ginseng evolved from the start.

It was not very interested in the Time Fruit, but it simply loved the Gem Fruit.

After Baby Ginseng evolved, the quality of the gem fruit increased as expected, with a very big increase.

If the previous gem fruit was only in the category of level-four resources, then it could already exceed most level-five spiritual fruits now.

Next, although he couldn’t enter the Time Ruins, Shi Yu wasn’t in a hurry. He directly stayed in the capital.

To be precise, he found a corner in the capital and entered the ruins space to stay.

The gem cat went to freeload with the Prediction Owl, while Principal Zhao and President Ye went to calm the commotion. It was the same as the situation in the Heroic Ruins. Although everyone knew that Baby Ginseng’s evolution was very powerful, the specific news definitely couldn’t be revealed.

Baby Ginseng’s ability was too buggy. If it was leaked, it would be much more serious than the Butterfly of Imagination, even more serious than Chi Tong.

They had sealed off Chi Tong’s news only because they were worried that a large number of enemies of General Mu Huiyin in the totem area would pay attention to Shi Yu. This was only a small group of people, but Baby Ginseng’s information could make Shi Yu an enemy throughout the world.

Probably no totem wanted a quasi-mythical pet that could self-destruct and revive… ever to grow up.

This accompanying move directly represented that as long as Baby Ginseng had the strength of an overlord, it had the capital to threaten the totems.

In addition to the nourishing effect of the ginseng baby, not to mention foreign enemies, even humans might not necessarily be able to treat them calmly.

Shi Yu had enough titles and was already eye-catching enough. They couldn’t give Shi Yu any more aggro debuffs.

Shi Yu naturally knew this.

Therefore, for him, increasing his strength was the most important at the moment.

First was the Time Fruit.

He started to hide in the ruins space with his four pets and crazily added points to the Time Fruit.

yi! (Shi Yu, increase points!)”

“Ican’t take it anymore… Baby Ginseng, heal me!”

yi! (Shi Yu, increase points!)”

“Heal me!”

After Shi Yu broke through to the master level, the upper limit of his physique was unlocked again.

At this moment, it was difficult for him to determine the level of his physique, but he estimated that after reaching the upper limit again, apart from Beast Tamers with Beast Taming Talents that enhanced their physiques, as well as mixed-blood humans, even among Legendary-levels, there should be

very few Beast Tamers with physiques above his.

The benefits this powerful physique brought to Shi Yu, apart from being able to add points at will, was that he could better withstand Little Chi Tong’s possession.

Unfortunately, the changes brought to the Beast Tamer by the increase in physique were still singular. It couldn’t be compared to the various magical abilities brought by the increase in the Beast Taming Space.

The various magical effects of the legendary Beast Taming Space had already been developed. In comparison, the legendary physique was a little boring. No wonder Beast Tamers studied the Beast Taming Space and rarely studied improving physiques.

“Finally…”

After an unknown period of time.

In the ruins space, Shi Yu looked at Baby Ginseng happily. Baby Ginseng also looked at Shi Yu excitedly.

This kind of upgrade session that filled up high-level skills in one go was a challenge for Baby Ginseng and Shi Yu.

As he was very anxious to know what the higher-level effect of the Time Fruit was, Shi Yu couldn’t even be bothered to sleep.

“Tt exploded!!”

At this moment, Shi Yu maxed out Baby Ginseng’s Time Fruit. After adding it to the Dao Proficiency, he only wanted to shout that he had exploded!!

From entry to perfection, there was nothing to say. It only reduced the energy consumption of the Time Fruit created by the ginseng baby, increased the little effect of the Time Fruit, and reduced the side effects.

The specific ability was still not much different from when it was at the entry level. It could only be effective against creatures at a lower level than ginseng babies.

However, as the Time Fruit reached transcendent, the effect directly increased. Just as Shi Yu thought, the time power of the Time Fruit was already huge. It could also be effective on pets of the same level as Baby Ginseng. Baby Ginseng could also freely control the strength of the Time Fruit it created.

In other words, Eleven, Buggy, and Chi Tong could also temporarily obtain stronger battle power by eating the Time Fruit.

This was not the end. After adding 64 points, it was far from the end. When the Time Fruit was added to 256 points by Shi Yu and reached the level of Dao Proficiency, the Time Fruit was already strong enough. A creature one level higher than Baby Ginseng, which was a monarch-level creature, could also

be slightly affected/

Of course, this was not the strongest increase. The strongest increase was that the Time Fruit was no longer limited to positive gains.

The time fruit created by Baby Ginseng could be controlled by it more freely.

It could directly create a fruit and let the target who ate it return to their infant state temporarily, causing their battle power to fall to rock bottom.

It could also directly create a fruit and turn the target that ate it into an old beast, barely breathing.

The only pity was that the change was still temporary.

However, this was enough. At this moment, the best way to use the Time Fruit for Shi Yu was no longer to use it to increase battle power.

“yi!!!” After being filled with the Time Fruit, Baby Ginseng’s energy value naturally increased again, approaching 240,000. It was very terrifying, more than 30,000 higher than Eleven.

With such strength, Baby Ginseng naturally couldn’t wait to organize the team competition.

It couldn’t take it anymore!!!

Even if it didn’t have to self-destruct, with everyone at the commander rank, it would directly give itself a Time Fruit to temporarily obtain the battle power of a monarch. It would have millions of energy points. Even if Eleven exceeded the limit and erupted, even if Buggy had equipment, even if Chi Tong

possessed Shi Yu, Baby Ginseng felt that it had a huge chance of winning.

“Competition, competition, you only know competition,” Shi Yu educated. “Is becoming strong only for the sake of competing with each other?”

Baby Ginseng:??

“Besides, to be honest, your strength isn’t very stable.”

“Think about it, do you have any way to break through the concealment of the Buggy?”

“I’s not a problem for Buggy’s main body to hide in the alternate space for half a day. Your light energy is high, and you don’t have spatial skills. Even if you self-destruct, you can’t blast its main body.”

yi!!!” Baby Ginseng shook its head crazily. No, it had studied the Anti-Buggy Energy Fruit. With the seed of the spatial-element Spirit Fruit, it could grow into a fruit bomb and use the enhancement of the Moon Explosion to completely blast Buggy!

It was already prepared.

The spatial seed that attacked the worm could grow into a spatial bomb under its control.

It also prepared the Eleven counter fruit, fire-element spiritual fruit seed. At that time, it could also combine the power of the sun. This was an anti-eleven energy fruit bomb.

In fact, it had even prepared the anti Shiyu’s Hypnosis Fruit Bomb. In order not to hurt Shi Yu and Little Chi Tong, it was very considerate, so Shi Yu didn’t have to be afraid of being injured at all.

Shi Yu: “?

This guy was still arguing?

“No, the spiritual fruit seed is an external object, not something you made yourself. It’s considered equipment. You definitely can’t bring it with you in the team competition, just like how Buggy can’t bring dragon-type resources.”

Baby Ginseng:??

But didn’t Little Chi Tong also use equipment

“It’s not impossible to organize and bring equipment… It’s mainly because you guys are too strong. It’s easy to hurt the other party in a battle. It’s too painful. Alright, why don’t we do this…”

Shi Yu called Eleven, Buggy, and Chi Tong over.

“Let me tell you a piece of good news. Baby Ginseng’s Time Fruit has the ability to turn you back into infants. This is simply an ability stronger than Master Qu Jie’s sealing talent!”

“At that time, forget about the low energy value, you’ll probably be able to degenerate into a baby form. The skill proficiency will probably be gone. Is there a better form to train the overlord’s will than this? In the baby form, resist the pressure.”

“In my opinion, the team internal competition should also be a baby cup. You guys fight in your baby form. To be fair, I won’t possess Little Chi Tong anymore. I’ll directly fight you with my physical body.”

The pets: ???

Human language?