Chapter 261 - Shi Yu Who Didn’T Treat Others As People

Chapter 261: Shi Yu Who Didn’t Treat Others As People

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator:

Atlas Studios

Editor:

Atlas Studios

After Baby Ginseng’s Time Fruit was maxed out, Shi Yu’s team was much more lively.

With the Time Fruit, it could indeed temporarily turn Eleven and the others into babies.

Unfortunately, as he used it, Shi Yu increasingly understood why the Time Fruit was only at the high level.

Even after the skill was maxed out, the restriction was still huge.

For example, the Time Fruit that Baby Ginseng condensed with all its might couldn’t push Eleven and the others back to their baby form for too long. As long as Eleven and the others wanted to break free, they could recover in a few seconds.

It was estimated that for opponents whose strength exceeded Baby Ginseng’s, the time it could affect them was even shorter!

Although victory could be decided in this instant, it was still lacking in training.

However, there were more solutions than difficulties.

Baby Ginseng could swallow a Time Fruit and directly obtain the power of a monarch at the last minute!

Then, with millions of energy points, it quickly condensed four Time Fruits with stronger effects. The cheating was successful!

The fruits this time were not something Eleven and the others could withstand

This was only an additional usage method of the Time Fruit. Shi Yu and the others studied it for a long time and realized that the most impressive effect of the Time Fruit was indeed still to increase battle power.

Through the power of time, a pet could obtain the power after growth!

Of course, this usage method was not purely dependent on the quality of the Time Fruit.

It also depended on the pet’s own potential.

In short, if a pet with weak potential ate the same Time Fruit, it might not even have any effect. It was no different from eating a fruit. There would be no change in its body.

However, if a pet with strong potential ate it, the peak strength obtained after the power of time stimulated its potential would definitely be unimaginable.

It could be said that this Time Fruit was a talent potential detector!

The higher the species level and the lower the growth level, the better the effect.

It was considered a reaction agent that temporarily converted racial potential into strength!

For example, like that Iron-eating Beast of Hall Master Lin… When it was at the commander rank, even if it ate the Time Fruit, it couldn’t change. This was because its potential had reached its limit, and it was at its peak.

However, if Eleven ate it, it would be completely different.

Although Eleven was already at the peak of the commander rank, it was clearly in the stage where it could break through to the monarch rank at any time. Moreover, it was a high-level overlord race, which meant that it could successfully grow and definitely reach the overlord level.

Its potential was naturally needless to say. After Eleven ate the Time Fruit and the Time Fruit stimulated its potential, the effect would definitely be incomparable to ordinary pets.

Although it was restricted by the quality level of the Time Fruit, and it was impossible for Eleven to obtain too exaggerated strength and directly reach the Mythical level, there was still a 100% monarch level.

Including Eleven, Buggy, and Baby Ginseng, their potential was ridiculously high. The Time Fruit perfectly matched them!

A moment later, Baby Ginseng neatly arranged the new Time Fruits.

Eleven, Buggy, and the others looked at each other.

“Eat!!”

“wa!” “Wal”

Eleven and Buggy ate it with determined expressions.

Because this new Time Fruit was condensed from a monarch-level ginseng baby, its effect on the commander-level Eleven and the others was much better.

In the blink of an eye, Eleven and Buggy, who had eaten the fruit, reacted.

Their expressions changed.

Under the effect of the Time Fruit, their energy was quickly sealed, and various skills and skill experience disappeared from their bodies like they were sealed.

Ina short moment, Eleven’s aura weakened greatly and it was pushed back to the Awakening level. Its energy value was less than 100, and its skill was only hardening, Its skill proficiency was still not high.

Little Eleven looked at its hands in confusion. Although it had always been in the posture of a panda baby, now… it felt that its strength was also at the baby level.

As for Buggy, it was also very ridiculous. Its entire body directly flickered with white light, spreading the light of degeneration. It was forced back to the Green Silkworm form from the form of the Butterfly of Imagination, and only the worm silk and psychic strength were left.

“Jil!” Buggy was shocked.

This time, even if they tried their best to break free, they couldn’t recover immediately.

“Heh…”

Upon seeing this, Shi Yu instantly knew that the Baby Cup was still feasible.

“Perhaps I can directly let the four pets break through to the monarch level? There’s a Time Fruit to suppress their strength…” Shi Yu fell into deep thought, but soon, he shook his head.

“Yi…” Because beside him, Baby Ginseng instantly became extremely weak.

The haggard Ginseng Baby shrank, took root, sucked nutrients dry, and slept in one go. Its bodies also withered. Clearly, they had consumed a lot of energy.

Shi Yu gave up on the consumption and directly gave up. It was too expensive to raise high-level pets. Now, there was really no environment for the monarch-level ginseng baby to freeload on natural strength. It was better to stay at the commander level first. At least, the energy in the ruins space was

temporarily enough for the current baby ginseng to circulate. If it went any higher, the ruins would become a desert.

“Let’s do this first.”

Shi Yu stared at Baby Panda and Baby Buggy, then looked at Little Chi Tong beside him and chuckled.

A moment later, a touching scene appeared in the ruins space.

Baby Ginseng was taking root like a corpse at the side, sunbathing and sleeping. Chi Tong, on the other hand, was acting as an instructor at the last minute. It used its transcendent phoenix might to control its strength and suppress the Eleven and Buggy. They were only at the Awakening level, and were

very weak with less than 100 value points.

“jill

Shi Yu still remembered that when Buggy first faced Eleven’s deterrence, it fainted from fright.

And now, it had indeed grown. Although it was still in the Green Silkworm state, it actually resisted Chi Tong’s deterrence that could cause physical, mental, and soul pressure for a few seconds before fainting.

Not bad.

“waul!!”

As for Eleven, he was indeed the strongest in the team with the highest success rate in teaching super skills.

Even after losing its strength and being in its baby form, it still held its deterrence with both hands and resisted the pressure with extraordinary willpower. However, from the looks of it, it would be very difficult to last long.

Seeing this, Shi Yu nodded in satisfaction. If it were before, it would have been very difficult to find a place to train Eleven and Buggy with such pressure. It would have to be at least at the level of Emperor Wu Ruins. Now, it could be anywhere.

It was also very difficult to let them experience various dangerous environments. They had to search the world, go to the Ice Dragon Snow Mountain, and go to the Undead Battlefield. But now, it was easy to obtain. They could also achieve similar cultivation effects at any place at any time!

“Thave a bold idea. I’ll let Buggy create its own phantom first. Then, I’l let the phantom imagine an illusionary environment of magma, deep sea, snow, lightning, and super gravity. I’ll materialize this environment and temporarily fix it in the ruins space. The strength doesn’t have to be too high.

Transcendent power will do. Then, I’ll let Baby Ginseng return you and Buggy’s main body to the Awakening level and let the phantom be the trainer. In any case, the phantom can exist after leaving the main body. This way, there are controllable ferocious natural environments everywhere.”

“Jump down from a height of ten thousand meters in the super gravity environment to experience despair and train your will.”

“Jump into the magma at the Awakening level and fall into the deep sea to experience pain and temper your will.”

“Exhaust your physical fitness in the form of a baby and travel through the snowstorm to experience difficult fatigue and temper your willpower.”

“Facing the lightning in the sky, facing deterrence that exceeds your own strength countless times, to experience the fear brought by nature and the fear of powerful enemies to temper your will.”

“A small ruin space, all ready to go. How is it? As expected of me.”

“Your goal is to face fatigue, despair, fear, and pain with a calm heart!”

“Also, life and death, life and death. When the time comes, let the Buggy Phantom pull you into the Tyrant Dragon’s dream to train. Go to that ancient dream world where the strong prey on the weak to train life and death. It’s safer this way. As long as you’re in your baby form and the level of the dream is

high enough, you won’t realize that you’re dreaming, With the profundities of Buggy, the feeling is the same as real!”

“Feel the pain, experience the pain, accept the pain, understand the pain… I think the overlord will can manifest soon!”

After Shi Yu finished speaking, Eleven finally couldn’t hold on anymore and fainted.

Little Chi Tong was shocked. Be a human!

Soon after, Shi Yu left the capital.

The gem cat left with him.

After eating and drinking with the Prediction Owl in the capital for a few days, the gem cat seemed to have become fatter.

However, Shi Yu didn’t dare to say or ask anything.

He had achieved his goal in coming to the capital this time. There was nothing worth staying here anymore. As for when he would come again, he didn’t know.

“What are your plans next?”

After taking a plane back to Icefield City and teleporting back to Ping Cheng, the gem cat asked.

“Eat, sleep, fight beans. Wait for the Dragon Palace banquet to begin.”

Shi Yu stretched.

“Who’s Beans?”

“The Bean Bear created by Eleven is currently my battle sparring partner. One way or another, the Bean Bear can’t defeat me without skills.”

Eleven and the others were training hard. Shi Yu definitely couldn’t stay idle either. It was Shi Yu’s daily life to spar with the Bean Bear and occasionally go to the extreme environment experience that Buggy imagined.

“As expected of me. Drinking tea at the mouth of the volcano, meditating under the lightning, doing radio gymnastics in the snow. Who else could?”

The gem cat :”…”

“Forget it, I won’t be returning to Ancient Capital University either. I’ll wait to travel with you to Dragon Palace City.” The gem cat yawned and teleported Shi Yu back home.

Compared to its job at Ancient Capital University, it felt that it was more interesting to go to Dragon Palace City with Shi Yu next.

During the banquet period of Dragon Palace City, there were many delicious things. This was much better than the delicacies of Imperial Capital University it tried when it followed the Prediction Ow! to eat and drink.

After all, it was a delicacy used by the Dragon Palace City’s royal family to entertain other overlord factions and even totems. It was naturally not bad.

‘As for why the gem cat knew so much, it was because it had already gone to eat and drink with Lu Qingyi once five years ago. That time, it was acting as Lu Qingyi’s bodyguard. Even earlier, it wasn’t like it hadn’t gone with other Ancient Capital University students.

In short, Old Bai bribed this cat with food.

And this time, it looked like it was going to be Shi Yu’s bodyguard.

Powerful gem cat, flowing Ancient Capital University student.

“Then do you want to bring any gifts?” Shi Yu asked.

The gem cat continued to yawn and said, “I’ll follow you. You can just give me a gift. In any case, apart from eating, I don’t want any treasures in Dragon Palace City.”

Shi Yu: “?”

Its goal was already obvious

Shi Yu had been exhausted the past few days. After returning, he took a shower and lay on the bed.

In the few days that he had been in the capital, Legend Bai, Principal Feng, and the others had already left Ping Cheng.

Therefore, Shi Yu was the only one left.

However, it was said that after the Ice Dragon completely left the snow mountain, Senior Lu and the others would come again. At that time, a big boss from the fourth bureau would cooperate to completely destroy the Ice River Totem and cut off the possibility of it reviving in the future.

While waiting for this big event and the start of the Dragon Palace banquet, Shi Yu had nothing to do. Apart from supervising the training of the four pets and honing his willpower, he meditated himself.

After reaching the master level, the difficulty of meditation multiplied again. If it was said that from initiate to master, one could reach it by piling time and resources, then the help of time and resources from master to legend was not that great.

It was time to rely on talent and pet feedback.

As the richest man in Ping Cheng, Lin Hongnian was stuck at the master level for decades. From this, one could tell how difficult it was after the master level.

Of course, it was also related to Hall Master Lin’s prodigal spending all his money on the Iron-eating Beast with no future.

In short, after the master level, the talent of the Beast Tamer was even more important. For example, Shi Yu’s physique was different from other Beast Tamers, so his meditation efficiency was pretty good. This was talent. Apart from that, the strengthening, evolution, and breakthrough of the pet was

also especially important to the master level’s advancement.

If the five pets contracted by a master-level Beast Tamer were all commander-level, it would be as difficult as ascending to the heavens for him to break through to a top-notch master.

However, if the five pets broke through to the monarch level one after another and gave the Beast Tamer huge positive feedback, the chances of the Beast Tamer breaking through to the top master level would be even higher.

This was also one of the reasons why high-level pets were expensive. In the later stages, if Beast Tamers wanted to become stronger faster, they had to rely on their pets to fight for some glory. Neither party could drag the other down.

Contracting an overlord species pet often gave a chance to become a new legendary Beast Tamer. It was not a random thing.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

At this moment, Shi Yu was meditating in the ruins space, but he was suddenly shaken out by the gem cat.

“What’s wrong, what’s wrong? Is Senior Panda here?” Shi Yu asked. In the past few days, Senior Panda had come to massage Eleven every day to awaken the royal bloodline!

“I’s not a sister, it’s that old man.” The gem cat was also bored. “Phone.”

Shi Yu :”…”

Shi Yu picked it up. It was Principal Feng.

“The time to go to Dragon Palace City has been confirmed. In a month, the Tyrannical Sea Legend will bring you along. We’ll set off from the Binhai City next to your Icefield City.”

Shi Yu nodded.

Binhai City was also a second-level city, a city close to the sea. In fact, Icefield City was also a city close to the sea. Unfortunately, the area adjacent to the two was directly isolated and sealed by the Ice Dragon Snow Mountain.

A snow mountain not only prevented the people of Icefield City from seeing the sea, but also prevented the creatures of the sea from crossing the cold area to land.

“Alright, got it. Ice Dragon should be in time too. We’ll go together then. However, apart from me, who else is going with us” Shi Yu asked curiously.

He definitely wasn’t the only one going to Dragon Palace City… Shi Yu had long known.

Principal Feng laughed and said, “The final list hasn’t been confirmed, but there are ten confirmed now. Someone really got lucky with you.”

“on??”

The geniuses who could go to Dragon Palace City were all elites of Dong Huang. The Dong Huang Association naturally felt embarrassed to bring the Beast Tamer from Tai La to Dragon Palace City to visit. Therefore, the Dong Huang Association controlled the visiting list of Dragon Palace banquets every

five years especially strictly.

The younger generation accompanying them not only had to be Beast Tamers with extraordinary growth potential under the age of 30, but also Beast Tamers with enough connections to the dragons. Only in this way could both parties be satisfied and have a good outcome.

For example, Shi Yu’s spot was actually obtained from the channels of the third bureau and Bureau 11.

“Little White Brook will also go with you this time. The discovery of the Emperor Wu Ruins this time means that the Bai family isn’t far from rising. This kind of good thing of going to Dragon Palace City can naturally be easily obtained. Although she wants to contract the Iron-eating Beast, the evolution

of the Iron-eating Beast hasn’t even begun. There’s no harm in going to Dragon Palace City to take a look first. What if there’s a suitable partner? The Iron-eating Beast can be cultivated outside first. It’s not too late to contract it after becoming a top-notch master,” Principal Feng said.

“Senior Bai!” Shi Yu was stunned. Someone familiar was going, that was good.

“There’s also Dr. Zuo’s daughter, that girl, Xia Qingwei. Because of the exhibition of the Green Silkworm cocoon, along with the support of her legendary father and her doctor’s mother, and because she herself has a growth talent… It helps the slow growth of the dragon race. She also obtained the

opportunity to go to Dragon Palace City.”

Principal Feng could confirm that these two people could actually steadily obtain spots. It was really thanks to Shi Yu that the Iron-eating Beast’s second stage evolution and the Green Silkworm cocoon really had a huge impact.

“There are really many familiar faces…” Shi Yu said.

“Not only that, Yu Shu from the same batch as you. His mother also spent a lot of effort to help him get a spot. This is also someone you know. If I’m not wrong, Yin Legend should have also gotten a spot for Yin Zhengfan.”

Shi Yu: “?”

It was fine if it was Yin Zhengfan, this child was indeed a genius. But what the hell was Yu Shu? Although his mom was a top-notch Dragon Tamer, an existence only inferior to a legendary Dragon Tamer, didn’t Yu Shu inherit his father’s Soul Strengthening Talent? Was there a chance for him to go to

Dragon Palace City??

“You should know these people. You shouldn’t be familiar with the other five, but there are a few powerful figures among them, such as Little Zou from the Dark Club in Demon Capital. His strength isn’t inferior to Qingyi.”

Little Zou… Shi Yu was stunned. That Heavenly King Zou?

“Apart from that, there are also a few others. Some are from the Elemental Family, some from the Dragon Tamer Family, some from the Mechanical Family, and some are of the dragon race. You’ll know when you see them. You’re all geniuses of Dong Huang, so it’s not a bad thing to get to know each

other.”

Principal Feng and Shi Yu chatted for a while. In the end, Shi Yu hung up in a daze.. There were many people, but why did it sound like there was no pressure competing with these people for the young overlord of Dragon Palace City