Chapter 269 - Tyrannical Sea Legend And His Leviathan

Chapter 269 Tyrannical Sea Legend and his Leviathan

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Binhai City was located at the border of Dong Huang, just like Icefield City, at the sea. The weather here was suitable, the environment was beautiful, and the four seasons were distinct. In Dong Huang, it had the reputation of being a land of the sea, and a large number of water-element Beast Tamers had gathered. “Compared to Icefield City, the climate in Bin Hai City is much more likable. However, why do I keep feeling that this sentence has been said before…”

As Bin Hai City was just next door, it wasn’t very far. This time, Shi Yu didn’t take any transport and directly squeezed Buggy through the wilderness.

It was mainly to train Buggy.

Transcendent Instant Transmission was not the upper limit of proficiency. It was just the upper limit of the skill index. As long as one used more abilities, even if there was a bottleneck, it didn’t mean that one’s experience wouldn’t increase. At most, it was harder to increase than racial skills. Regarding the “divine skill” Instant Transmission, Shi Yu was naturally prepared to use Buggy as a core skill. It had nothing to do with laziness.. As for whether there would be danger if he casually traversed the wild like this, naturally not, because the Ice Dragon Ruins Ring he carried had a totem-level Ice Dragon and an overlord-level gem cat…

This lineup could start a war with some weaker totem tribes.

Of course, even without them, as Eleven broke through to the monarch level, there were rarely any wild environments in Dong Huang that could threaten Shi Yu.

In Dong Huang, there were basically no hostile overlord-level ferocious beasts. Such ferocious beasts were all killed and expelled, leaving only overlord-level creatures like the gem cat and the owl that were close to humans. Among the others, the highest was at the monarch level. Under such circumstances, as long as Shi Yu, who had already become a master, didn’t go to the dangerous place where the Undying Dark Phoenix was sealed, he would basically be able to do whatever he wanted in the country. After becoming a master, he would have the battle power of a monarch. Even if he had the qualifications to enter various regions in the country, he would be able to protect himself. After becoming a legend and possessing overlord-level battle power, he would have the right to protect himself even if he left the country and crossed the totem area! After all, as long as they were careful and didn’t take the initiative to find trouble with the totem country, the totems in the general totem area wouldn’t run out themselves. Most of the totems were still in a sleeping state like the Divine Feather Phoenix Butterfly. The strongest people there on the surface were usually overlord-level ferocious beasts. For example, the forbidden area where Baby Ginseng was born was the territory of an overlord-level creature.

“The appointment is at 8 a.m…. There’s still an hour. I’ll call and ask if Senior Bai is here.”

After arriving at Bin Hai City, Shi Yu walked on the street and spoke to the pile of pets he was armed with.

As usual, Eleven, Buggy, Chi Tong, and Baby Ginseng had all shrunk to the extreme. They were worn all over Shi Yu’s body like a pendant. If one didn’t look carefully, they wouldn’t have realized that Shi Yu had been carrying four pets beside him. Now, the most powerful thing was that after the four pets mastered transcendent shrinking, their shrunken strength was no different from their normal state. In this case, they were simply good at sneak attacks. It might be a little lacking to deal with powerful transcendent creatures, but if they wanted to ambush a Beast Tamer who was also a human, as long as the other party didn’t react immediately, the chances of success were very high.

Although he couldn’t use it in the country, Shi Yu knew that he would definitely enter the totem area in the future. There were also many human experts in the totem area. They believed in the totems and were enemies with Dong Huang. Many times, they were even more troublesome than ferocious beasts. In short, it would definitely be useful to deal with them when the time came. “Senior, where are you?” “Eh, another half an hour?” “Alright, then I’ll go to my destination first.”

As Shi Yu walked, he spoke to Senior Bai. At this moment, he suddenly realized that the street in front was extremely noisy… Somewhere, a group of students in school uniforms who were preparing to go to school gathered together. Not only were there students, but there were also various passers-by surrounding an area. “Wu Wu Wu.” Eleven and the others stuck their heads out and asked what was wrong. “Let me see.” Shi Yu jumped gently onto a tree and looked over quietly before falling into deep thought. In the crowd, an extremely handsome young man in a black trench coat who had reached 99% of Shi Yu’s own handsomeness was signing autographs for a group of people with a smile.

“Zou Tianwang, you’re my fan!!! Ah, no, I’m your fan!!”

“Zou Tianwang, give me your autograph. Your fiancée won’t be angry, right -“. “Zou Tianwang, what brings you to Binhai City? Could it be… that you’re here for your honeymoon in advance?” Shi Yu :”…”

This was very ridiculous! How could there be such a high-profile person? Damn it, he was even more high-profile than

him.

“It’s not anything important. Let’s go.” Then, he arranged for Buggy to teleport away from this place with him.

Binhai City, Binhai Training Hall. A famous training hall.

Although the sect master here was only a quasi legend, he was the personal disciple of the Tyrannical Sea Legend. As for who the Tyrannical Sea Legend was, he was one of the few titled experts in Dong Huang. He was a top-notch legend who could fight against totems. The people heading to Dragon Palace City gathered at the Bin Hai Training Ground today at the request of the Tyrant Sea Legend. When Shi Yu came to this Binhai Training Ground… How should he put it… He originally thought that it would be a simple and elegant place. After all, it was named as a training hall, but in the end, from the outside, it looked like a huge aquarium. There was also a glass door that automatically spun outside. It was very modern. “Times have changed.” Shi Yu shook his head and directly entered the room according to the circling rhythm of the automatic door. Just as he entered, he was immediately attracted by the pets in the water wall on both sides of the

hall.

The walls of the Binhai Training Hall were all connected to a huge fish tank. Inside was a small ecological environment created by someone. Many identical small animals swam inside. They were relatively similar to baby fish and gold fish, but their bodies were blue. [Name]: Blue Salamander

[Attributes]: Water

[Race Level]: Low-level transcendent

[Level of Growth]: Level 2 Awakening

[Race Skill]: Bubbles

< Introduction > It looks like a race that can’t be helped, but it might contain astonishing potential.

Shi Yu :”….”

Well… There was nothing wrong with that. Under normal circumstances, the blue salamander was mud, and its strength was limited compared to the green worm and the dragon carp. However, the Green Silkworm could transform into a butterfly, the Dragon Carp could transform into a dragon, and the Blue Salamander had a chance to change its fate. It could also evolve. Among them, the most famous example was the Fusion of the Tyrannical Sea Legendary Fish. He directly cultivated the Blue Salamander into a mutated Leviathan that was as high as a quasi Mythical race. Although it was at the overlord level, under the command of the Tyrannical Sea Legend, it could match and defeat totems. Of course, this was only an exception. Apart from the gathering of the Tyrannical Sea Legendary Fish, no one could nurture the Blue Salamander to this height. It was another irreplicable example. Compared to the green worm and dragon carp, this mud was even harder to nurture!

The Green Silkworm had the worm silk, while the Dragon Carp had an evolution skill like the Leaping Dragon Gate, but the Blue Salamander had nothing. It was just a trashy bubble skill… It was difficult for it to be a gambler.

“Hello!!”

As Shi Yu observed the blue salamander, a woman in a blue Daoist robe welcomed him. She smiled and asked, “Excuse me, is this Mr. Shi Yu?”

“I am.” Shi Yu turned to look at him. “Hello, I’m a teacher from the training hall, Chenyu. The sect master has instructed me to lead you to the private room.” “Thank you,” Shi Yu said. Then, Miss Chen Yu began to lead Shi Yu to a quiet room specially used to receive distinguished guests in the Dao field.

This room was not only used to receive Shi Yu alone. The 12 youths who were about to head to the Dragon Palace banquet were all invited to stay here. At this moment, there were already seven people in the room. The disciple of the Tyrannical Sea Legend, a young man who was nearly 30 years old and looked elegant, was speaking to the other six as the host.

“I won’t go this time. I went with Master at the last Dragon Palace banquet. My Great Dragon King Squid was contracted at that time, haha.” “In short, I hope you can also get the pets you like.”

“At that time, there should be a lot of overlord-level sea beasts. Don’t be nervous. When it’s time to showcase your strength and talent in various activities, just perform normally. You’re all geniuses, so there’s no problem.” Dong dong dong. In the room, everyone was listening to the disciple of the Tyrant Sea Legend. He already had a level-seven space, and he was just short of the experience of Zheng Hai, who was judged as a legendary Beast Tamer by an overlord-level creature.

This person was also one of the genius Beast Tamers praised to be destined to become a legend in the country. He was also the second Beast Tamer to nurture the Blue Salamander into the mixed Race after the Tyrant Sea Legend. Although it wasn’t a mutated Leviathan like the Tyrant Sea Legend and hadn’t reached that height, and its race was much worse, it was still commendable.

Because of this, he was taken in by the Tyrannical Sea Legend as a disciple and carefully cultivated. Now, the difference between his ace pet and the overlord level was probably the proficiency of a super skill. “Please come in.” As someone knocked, Zheng Hai looked over. The other six people in the room also looked over. The door was pushed open and Chen Yu entered the room with Shi Yu.

“Sect Master Zheng, Mr. Shi Yu has also arrived.”

After Chen Yu said that, the gaze in the room instantly landed on Shi Yu.

Shi Yu’s gaze also observed the room.

Among the seven people, apart from Zheng Hai, Shi Yu knew two of the other six. One was Dr. Zuo’s daughter, the talented student of Demon Capital University, Xia Qingwei. The other was Yin Legend’s genius son, Yin Zhengfan.

At this moment, Xia Qingwei was still alright, but when Yin Zhengfan saw Shi Yu come, he immediately fell silent. [At that time, what exactly happened in the Time Ruins?] Yin Zhengfan still couldn’t forget it. Shi Yu was more unfamiliar with the other four.

There was a muscular man more than two meters tall who didn’t look like a normal person… Shi Yu thought that was probably that guy with dragon blood. When he saw that it wasn’t a Dragon Princess but the Dragonman man, Shi Yu’s mood immediately became a little complicated. Apart from that, there was also a woman with blue wavy hair. She looked pretty cool and wore pretty cool clothes…

The last two people were a young man with a crew cut, wearing a white shirt and glasses. He looked ordinary. The other person had short hair, was dressed in black, and had a very fierce appearance. He looked even fiercer than the muscular man with the mixed blood of a human and a dragon, as if he had just come out of prison and came with deterrence.

“Hello, everyone.” Shi Yu smiled when he saw everyone.

“Mr. Shi Yu… Welcome,” Zheng Hai said with a smile.

Although he was a disciple of the Tyrant Sea Legend and a famous quasi legend, Zheng Hai didn’t dare to be arrogant when he saw Shi Yu. After all, although this person wasn’t even 20 years old, he was a real super genius who had researched a major project like the Green Silkworm cocoon to benefit the country and the people. “Sect Master Zheng,” Shi Yu greeted. Zheng Hai smiled again and immediately introduced them to each other. Needless to say, Shi Yu finally knew the identities of Xia Qingwei and Yin Zhengfan. The muscular man was indeed a hybrid. His name was Long Rui. He had graduated from Demon Capital University and was a master-level Beast Tamer. “Hello, I’ve heard so much about you.” He grinned. The blue-haired woman came from an elemental family and graduated from a top-notch university in the Spirit Capital known as the Elemental Capital. She was a master-level elementalist.

“Junior Shi Yu, I’ve finally seen him in person. I feel he’s much more handsome than in the photo.” She blinked at Shi Yu. “Hello, Senior.” Shi Yu’s smile widened, making Xia Qingwei purse her lips. The bespectacled young man graduated from Star Capital University, known as the capital of technology. He was a master-level Mechanic.

“Hello,” he pushed his glasses and greeted simply.

The last person was from the Dragon Tamer Family and graduated from the Imperial Capital University. He was called Yun Fei and was a master-level Dragon Tamer. He was more arrogant and only nodded.

The few of them had one common characteristic: they came from first-level cities and were from famous families. Shi Yu didn’t know their identities, but these few people were very familiar with Shi Yu. It couldn’t be helped, Shi Yu was too famous… “Where were we just now…” After everyone introduced themselves, they didn’t talk in detail. After all, they had just met. At this moment, Zheng Hai started to think again. However, as time approached, the subsequent people came very quickly. There was already no time for him to talk nonsense.

In the next moment, there was another knock on the door. A cloaked youth about Shi Yu’s age entered the room. “I’m Yu Shu.” The future “Dragon King Yu Shu” directly entered the room. When he saw the figures of Shi Yu and Yin Zhengfan in the room, his expression immediately darkened.

He kept feeling that this trip to the Dragon Palace was a little depressing… He had already told his mother that he wasn’t coming. He wasn’t coming anymore. Damn it.

Yo.

Shi Yu smiled at Yu Shu.

Speaking of which, Ancient Capital University was really impressive this time. There were actually three people who went to Dragon Palace City, and they were all students… If it weren’t for the fact that Yin Zhengfan had escaped to Imperial Capital University, they might have been able to gather four! “There are so many people already.” Soon, the beast-eared girl, White Brook, also arrived. After she arrived at the scene, she clearly knew more people than Shi Yu. For example, those masters were old opponents of Ancient Capital University. They had all “fought a bloody battle” with Ancient Capital University in the National League.

White Brook smiled and sat beside Shi Yu.

Then, two more people arrived together. Both of them were wearing navy battle suits. It looked like they were geniuses in the Beast Tamer Troops. Everyone knew the least about their deeds.

“Am I late?” In the end, Zou Tianwang Yun also arrived with a smile. This person’s strength was not necessarily weaker than Sect Master Zheng Hai. Perhaps he was the strongest among the group. Seeing Zou Tianwang, the national celebrity Beast Tamer, arrive, the Binhai Training Hall became more and more lively. “Yes, you’re late. Why do I see you signing autographs for the students by the roadside?” White Brook directly insulted Zou Tianwang. “Haha, I have no choice… I don’t want to be so popular either.” Zou Tianwang scratched his head. Shi Yu :”…”

After Zou Tianwang arrived, his gaze also landed on Shi Yu at the same time. The corners of his mouth twitched without a trace.

Just like Yu Shu, he had a bad feeling about this trip to the Dragon Palace. “In that case… everyone is here.” Seeing that, Sect Master Zheng Hai smiled and looked at everyone. “It’s about time. Then I’ll bring everyone to find Master now, right?”

At the Binhai Training Hall. At the core of this place, there was a special room that looked like a swimming hall. However, the pool here was directly connected to the sea.

At this moment, in the room, there was a middle-aged man who looked to be about 5 to 60 years old, had dark skin, messy hair, and a rugged build. He had his hands behind his back and was quietly looking at the surface of the pool. “Master!”

As movement came from the surroundings, he slowly looked over and saw Zheng Hai bringing 12 young talents who were about to set off for Dragon Palace City to come here. “Master, everyone is here.” Zheng Hai said respectfully to the Tyrannical Sea Legend. “I understand.” The Tyrannical Sea Legend nodded and looked at the people behind Zheng Hai. “Tyrannical Sea Legend.” Everyone greeted. In the face of everyone’s greeting, he swept his gaze across everyone and said, “Hello, your elders have already told you the rules for participating in the Dragon Palace banquet in Dragon Palace City, right?” Everyone nodded, except for Shi Yu. Eh? What rules?

Did Principal Feng and President Ye tell him? Forget it, it wasn’t a big problem… At this moment, the Tyrannical Sea Legend’s gaze stopped on Shi Yu for a few seconds. An existence like him had actually surpassed departments like Bureau 13. After all, he was a Beast Tamer who had defeated totems. Even the strongest bureau, the first bureau’s members… Was nothing in the eyes of the Tyrannical Sea Legend. As for Shi Yu, who had a bunch of titles, he was still a junior in his eyes. However, at this moment, Legend Sea Tyrant observed Shi Yu for a long time. He asked, “Is it here?” Obviously, the Tyrannical Sea Legend had learned about the frost dragon in advance. “Yes, but now… he might be sleeping,” Shi Yu said.

The Frost Dragon and the Gem Cat had worked hard for almost half a month. They had not slept for half a month and had pretty much chewed up the history both domestically and abroad. Next, in order to go to Dragon Palace City in their best state, Ice Dragon and the others chose to sleep for a while and let him call them when they reached Dragon Palace City. “I see.” The conversation between him and Shi Yu confused everyone except White Brook. They didn’t know what they were communicating about. It? Who… A moment later, Tyrannical Sea Legend looked at the pool and said, “Then let’s go. We’ll talk about the rest on the way.” As soon as he finished speaking, with a boom, a huge deep sea vortex slowly appeared in the pool in front of them. The inside of the vortex was pitch-black. Seeing this scene, everyone was stunned. The Tyrannical Sea Legend said, “This vortex is the mouth of my pet. You guys jump into its stomach. It will bring us to the Deep Sea Dragon Palace City.” Everyone: w (A) w?? Huh?

On the ground, Shi Yu was also stunned. However, he was more concerned about the detection reaction of the index to the pet that had yet to appear!

< Name > Mutated Leviathan

[Attributes]: Water, Space [Race Level]: High-level overlord (Quasi Mythical) [Level of Growth]: Overlord

Energy Points: 9,9110,000 < Introduction > It’s the battle pet representing the Tyrannical Sea Legend! Shi Yu was stunned. Good lord… They were both overlord races, but this guy had nearly 50 million energy points higher than the gem cat. He was even more impressive than the Dragon Palace City Whale General. It was probably about to enter the totem level. “Not moving?” Seeing that everyone was still not jumping into the sea, the Tyrannical Sea Legend said, “Then let me do it.” “Just don’t vomit in it.”

As soon as he finished speaking, everyone’s expressions suddenly changed. They felt a huge devouring force coming from the deep sea vortex. Almost instantly, Shi Yu and the others felt their bodies turn blurry, as if they had been forcefully teleported by a spatial skill. They appeared in another alternate space! “My pet’s body is equivalent to a small world and a mystic realm. You don’t have to worry. This is its racial skill.”

The surroundings were still pitch-black. Then, light slowly recovered. At the same time, the Tyrannical Sea Legend’s voice sounded in everyone’s ears.

At this moment, darkness turned to light. The others looked around in surprise, but Shi Yu was the most silent.

Because…

Skill: Infinite Devour

[Attributes]: Water, Space (Level]: Super level < Introduction > It’s a devouring-type evolution skill. It can open up a devouring space and increase its race level by devouring and digesting everything. It can complete unlimited evolution! [Copy this skill?] Holy shit, the Tyrannical Sea Legend was really showing off his Leviathan at the start. Its evolution depended on devouring.