Chapter 267 - Spring Of Baby Ginseng

Chapter 267 Spring of Baby Ginseng

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

As the Ice Dragon Snow Mountain completely turned into the Ice Fire Snow Mountain, the beast tide incident that had troubled Icefield City for thousands of years was finally resolved from the source.

Gao Xuan didn’t choose to stay longer in Icefield City.

After completing his mission, he bade farewell and left.

For him, choosing to stay and wait for the gratitude of the various higher-ups in Icefield City was not worth sacrificing his return to the research institute to upgrade his machinery.

Next, Principal Feng, Lu Qingyi, and the others didn’t choose to stay longer in Ping Cheng. Only the locals of Icefield City were left behind to keep themselves busy.

As for the frost dragon, it naturally followed Shi Yu.

However, before going to Dragon Palace City, Ice Dragon had something very important to do.

This was also what Ice Dragon requested.

It wanted to know the history of the outside world in the two thousand years it had been sleeping and suppressing the Ice River Totem.

Gao Xuan’s Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast and the Sun Rose they shot really shocked the ice dragon.

It urgently wanted to know how much change had happened in the outside world.

In the end, this science mission was snatched away by the gem cat.

It was mainly to increase the relationship between the sisters, and it had nothing to do with anything else.

With a huge pile of books and a pile of historical movies, the gem cat and Ice Dragon entered the Mu Huiyin ruins brought by Ice Dragon and started the drama pursuit of the two house girls.

In the Ice Dragon Ruins.

Ice Dragon’s shocked voice came from time to time.

“Holy shit, this Wu Emperor is something. He actually developed the Fusion Talent to this extent?”

“Others can only fuse with one pet at a time, but he can fuse with many?”

“So many advantages of different races have been inherited by one person, how did it lose to that Yun An?”

“You’re saying that this empress is Mu Huiyin’s younger sister?”

“Oh my god, a hybrid can also become the ruler of Dong Huang?”

“Nine totem-level Phoenix Race pets, impressive. What, the Phoenix Race died?”

“Holy shit, this Dragon Emperor actually overthrew the previous Dragon God of Dragon Palace City with the new Dragon God?”

“What, he just has an ordinary strengthening talent?”

“But its luck is heaven-defying. It fell off the cliff when it was young and obtained the recognition of the Dragon Race’s Mythical Ruins? It’s fake, right!”

“Impressive. This Space Emperor is so impressive. It actually established a spatial teleportation array that covered the entire planet!”

“Even Emperor Shi couldn’t!”

“This Lin Feng became a legendary Beast Tamer at the age of 26?”

“Damn, he obtained the blessings of the World Tree of Initiation? I’ve heard of it. Isn’t that the embodiment of the planet’s will?”

“It actually came into contact with humans?”

“Was the Mechanic class invented by this big boss called Shen Yuan?”

“Ah, no? What, that country with the Condor as the totem? They separated from the totem and established their country with machinery?”

“Hurry, hurry, hurry, find more. Don’t just talk about Dong Huang’s history. I also want to see the history of other places… For example, that damn Dragon Hunter…”

…

In the outside world.

Shi Yu was still meditating leisurely, accompanying Eleven and the others in training.

He had already understood the history that the gem cat was telling the Ice Dragon. He couldn’t be bothered to revise it with them again.

The things recorded in this textbook were too shallow. It barely covered much of his own country, let alone others.

If there was a chance, Shi Yu wanted to blow up the ruins of other countries and explore it himself.

However, training pets was still more important at the moment. After a period of time.

To be honest, the effect of controlling strength to undergo various extreme training was indeed pretty good. It had only been less than half a month.

Buggy, Baby Ginseng, and Chi Tong’s will had all been tempered to the second stage.

Shi Yu divided the pet’s will into five stages according to the success rate of teaching super skills displayed in the index.

The first stage was that the success rate of teaching was “extremely low”. The second stage was that the success rate was “low”.

Third and fourth naturally corresponded to “medium” and “high”.

en

In short, although they were still very far from the overlord’s will, Shi Yu was still relatively satisfied that they could be effective so quickly.

However, although he was satisfied, Shi Yu still felt a little anxious.

At this moment, Shi Yu was quietly waiting for the Dragon Palace banquet. After the Dragon Palace banquet, followed by the National League, he felt that the time was quite tight.

It had only been more than a month since the National League.

In such a short period of time, Shi Yu did not even have 1% hope that the four pets would master the overlord will.

Initially, Shi Yu wanted them to master the overlord will before breaking through to the monarch level.

However, if they didn’t break through to the monarch level, they definitely couldn’t fight the National League, and there would be no mechanical materials. Therefore, Shi Yu was currently struggling internally, wondering if he should let one guy break through first. “I wonder if Eleven’s super skill teaching success rate can reach ‘medium’ in a month. If it can, let it break through first.”

As for the new pet that he would contract in Dragon Palace City, Shi Yu didn’t have much anticipation. He didn’t think that it could form battle power in the short term.

Because he estimated that he wouldn’t directly contract a monarch-level pet.

Now, his favorite pet was a pet with a low growth level, a high race level, and best if it had the will of an overlord. It was best if it had a cooler appearance.

As he thought about it, Shi Yu felt that something was wrong. Why was this contracted pet so similar to finding a partner? It had to be young and had a good background.

He wanted the other party to work hard and look good…

Usually, there were such high requirements… His own situation was very worrying.

Shi Yu :”…”

However, Shi Yu felt that he should be qualified to talk about conditions.

“Shi Yu…”

“Yes.”

In the room, Shi Yu was drinking ice tea in disappointment and was resting for a short period of time. Suddenly, a familiar voice came from the outside.

A moment later, President Feng of the Ping Cheng Association came to visit Shi Yu with a smile.

“Uncle Feng, what’s wrong?” In the living room, after receiving the other party in, Shi Yu also brought him a cup of fruit tea and asked him what was wrong.

“Good thing!” President Feng smiled.

“What good thing?” Shi Yu was amused.

“Now, the safety hazards of the Ice Dragon Snow Mountain have been completely eliminated.”

“As the big contributor to cracking the Ice Dragon Ruins, what do you think is a good thing?”

“Actually, we started discussing it very early. After the joint discussion of the presidents of the nine associations in our Icefield City, we decided to give you some rewards!”

“Although it might not be worth much to you, it’s still my intention. You know that our Icefield City isn’t very rich.”

President Feng smiled bitterly.

In the end, it was still too late. If he had expressed it earlier, Shi Yu might have been able to use it. However, who would have expected that in just a few months, Shi Yu’s realm had left the level-two city?

Now, as the genius with the greatest potential in the third and eleventh bureau, and even the reserve member of the first bureau, Shi Yu might not necessarily lack anything.

However, Icefield City couldn’t say nothing.

After all, it was rare for a super genius to appear in Icefield City. Even if Shi Yu didn’t develop and settle in Icefield City in the future, he had to leave a good impression on Shi Yu.

“Please go ahead.” Shi Yu didn’t refuse anyone and didn’t say any typical polite words.

Under normal circumstances, it was the other party who would feel bad if he rejected the offer.

resoul

“Actually, the main thing is a resource. I won’t talk about the other honors and bonuses in detail.” President Feng smiled and said,

“Do you still remember the Evolution Holy Spring I brought you to back then?”

“Yes.” Shi Yu nodded.

“The guardian Ancient Tree Monarch over there is relatively special. Generally speaking, the Ancient Tree of Life race only has one super skill, ‘Life Gift’.”

Shi Yu continued to nod.

“However, because of some fortuitous encounters, the guardian monarch of our Icefield City, the Ancient Tree of Life, also mastered an additional super skill, Plant Control!”

“This actually originates from a wood-element level-eight resource, the Seed of Nature. The Seed of Nature is a very special resource, and it’s also a strengthening-type resource. It can increase the affinity between plant-type life forms that absorb its power and natural power.”

“The Ancient Tree King of Life awakened an additional plant control skill because it absorbed the Nature Seed. At the same time, its own strength has become much stronger than other pets of its own race. In addition, it has always been protecting the Evolution Holy Spring. Its battle power should be considered strong among monarchs.”

“As for the Seed of Nature, it’s actually a renewable resource. As long as it’s placed in a place with rich natural power, it will emit energy again after dozens to hundreds of years… Therefore, this resource has always been preserved in Icefield City. Although it hasn’t recovered to the level of a level-eight resource, the advantage is that it can be reborn!”

“To put it simply, in the city, I’ve decided to give this Nature Seed to you as a reward. This is a quasi-eight-level resource. It can almost 100% allow plant-type creatures with good talent potential to awaken super skill plant control and increase their understanding of natural power.”

“This is also the most valuable resource in Icefield City. I hope you don’t mind.”

“Our Icefield City definitely doesn’t have those legendary resources,” President Feng said with a smile.

Shi Yu was slightly stunned and exclaimed in his heart.

This was the first super skill he copied, and he still was unable to teach it and was troubling over it. Now support had come all of a sudden?

Although Shi Yu wanted to say that there was no need, he was just doing his duty, but… it was too much! He was giving him a level-eight resource!

“No, no, don’t worry about it! Icefield City will always be my home. Ping Cheng too.”

The second day. The Nature Seed was sent by President Feng.

At this moment, Shi Yu and the others’ cultivation was just about over.

Shi Yu had just perfected Eleven, Baby Ginseng, and Chi Tong’s clone skills.

The Seed of Nature came at the right time. It could be used for Baby Ginseng’s next stage of training. “Yi, Yi! (Shi Yu, Shi Yu, this is… Could this be…)”

In the ruins space, Baby Ginseng widened its green eyes and looked at the green seed in Shi Yu’s hand eagerly.

It couldn’t help but drool. “Yi! (Nature Seed!)”

Baby Ginseng’s eyes lit up.

Having studied the Feeding Department, it knew a lot of high-level resources. It could tell at a glance what was in Shi Yu’s hand.

“Yeah.”

Shi Yu smiled and weighed the seed in his hand. “Do you want it?”

“Yi!!!”

Baby Ginseng drooled and nodded crazily. Shi Yu was speechless.

“Then I’ll give it to you.”

“However, after learning plant control, it will probably be easier to create nutritional supplements, Time Fruits, and other resources. You have to work hard for the gift to Dragon Palace City this time.”

“If the quality level isn’t good, we’ll make up for it with numbers.”

After Shi Yu finished speaking, he threw the Nature Seed to Baby Ginseng. When Baby Ginseng heard Shi Yu’s words, its body stiffened, but it still happily took the Nature Seed.

It nodded heavily with a pleasantly surprised expression. Its hands emitted a green natural light as it held the seed in midair.

“Yi… Yi… Yi… Yi… Yi…!”

Holding the Nature Seed, Baby Ginseng cried out excitedly. It immediately tried to absorb the power on the spot.

Buzz!

The next moment, the power of nature bloomed.

Green light instantly lingered around Baby Ginseng’s body, and boundless vitality instantly erupted from its body.

Its aura flowed out and quickly changed the environment here.

Shi Yu and the others were currently in a very ordinary barren land. There were no plants, but at this moment, endless vitality immediately spread from the soil.

Almost instantly, as far as the eye could see, the ground turned into a verdant green. The tender green grass stretched all the way, covering all the soil in sight. A seed, combined with the power of the ginseng baby, contained natural plant energy that was comparable to a forest filled with life!

A moment later, with a boom, the ground cracked. Under the lingering green light, many trees quickly grew out of the ground. The trees seemed to have been uprooted, forming a forest in an instant.

Countless dazzling green fruits bloomed from the trees. Bright flowers emitted fragrance as they bloomed. Baby Ginseng clones separated from the tree trunks to reveal their figures… Skill: Plant Control

(Skill Level]: Super level

< Introduction > It’s a wood-element skill. It has the absolute right to control natural plants. It can control plants, control the growth of plants, and increase the quality of plants. It is the king of plants.

Unsurprisingly, because Baby Ginseng had a huge amount of life force and basic moves like transcendent lushness, it awakened and mastered plant control the moment it came into contact with the Nature Seed! Be it nutritional supplements, energy fruits, time fruits, fragrance, or clones, at this moment, they could rely on the plants to be born in the dense sea of trees it instantly created!

“Yi! (Amazing!)”

At this moment, Baby Ginseng was immersed in the power of nature and was extremely excited.

As expected of it…

At that moment.

The shocking change in the power of nature naturally attracted the attention of Eleven, Buggy, and Little Chi Tong, who were training elsewhere.

Soon, they rushed over at a very fast speed. Then, they saw the baby ginseng in the sea of trees that looked like a natural god and instantly fell into deep thought.

“Wuu?”

“Wu?”

“Mi?”

Eleven, Buggy, and Chi Tong quickly looked at Shi Yu, suspecting that Shi Yu had given Baby Ginseng special treatment.

Otherwise, why would Baby Ginseng suddenly become stronger?

It had clearly just strengthened ridiculously through evolution, and now this was very exaggerated.

“Ah, this.”

Shi Yu revealed an innocent expression. It wasn’t his fault. It was purely because Icefield City didn’t give them the resources.

Icefield City would have to take the blame for this.

At the same time, Baby Ginseng, who was standing in the sea of trees and controlling countless plants, opened its eyes.

“Yi… (Oh no, the energy level is too high. I feel that I can’t suppress the primeval power in my body anymore.)”

It was almost impossible to suppress the power of the breakthrough.

Eleven, Buggy, Chi Tong: (m)

Hold it in!

Oh, no, then release it and create more nutritional fruits!!

They approached Baby Ginseng together. Baby Ginseng:?? Don’t come over!