Chapter 266 - Rewards Of The National League

Chapter 266 Rewards of the National League

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Alright, alright.”

“Then I’ll leave it to you.”

“Hurry up, let me see the power of that forbidden weapon.”

The Ice Dragon saw that everyone was so confident and so it said casually.

“No problem.”

“However, I might need some time to prepare,” Gao Xuan said.

With that said, he looked at Principal Feng, President Feng, and the others.

At the same time, his gaze also stopped on Shi Yu, who had swept across Imperial Capital University while he wasn’t around. To be precise, it landed behind Shi Yu and tried to look at Chi Tong’s silver armor.

[Race Name): Sword Spirit (No detailed classification information for now)

(Level of Growth]: Commander Level

Energy Points: 180,000

Seeing this little sword spirit, Gao Xuan understood why Imperial Capital University’s battle society had been swept away.

This was the first time he had seen a commander-level pet with so much energy.

Little Chi Tong’s energy value was indeed terrifying. After all, as the heir of the two dragon totems, the Third Prince of Dragon Palace City who grew up eating delicacies in Dragon Palace City with its energy value at the commander level… was only 160,000.

Those ordinary overlord races had even lower energy values at the commander rank. Most of them were less than 100,000. In Gao Xuan’s opinion, after this sword spirit broke through to the monarch level, its energy level could at least increase by 20 times… This was still normal. In addition, undead could also fuse with Beast Tamers like mechanical beasts… That was even higher. [If this sword spirit breaks through to the monarch level, it might pose a threat to the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast. In order to be more stable as the champion of the National League, it looks like it’s necessary to strengthen the fire resistance system.] Gao Xuan analyzed in his heart.

The main reason was that this National League was too important to him. He had to consider all unstable factors!

At the same time.

Principal Feng laughed and said, “There’s no hurry, President Feng. Please confirm the surrounding situation again.”

“Little Gao, go and prepare yours.”

“Alright, Senior Feng.” After Gao Xuan finished speaking, he directly entered the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast’s body and flew into the sky.

After Gao Xuan and the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast flew into the sky, Shi Yu spoke from below.

“By the way, aren’t forbidden weapons only activated by legendary Beast Tamers?”.

“Why is there a small weakened version? What do you mean?” Principal Feng glanced at Shi Yu and said, “Well… It was also developed from mechanical legends… But it’s said that only Beast Tamers with awakened talent can use it. It’s considered an exclusive trump card. Under normal circumstances, it’s enough to deal a heavy blow to an overlord.”

“However, the restrictions are very large and are very easy to counter. Don’t look at how this forbidden weapon can heavily injure an overlord, it’s completely helpless against skills like Concealment of spatial pets. Therefore, it can only be used in specific circumstances.” “Uh,” Shi Yu said.

“Mechanics really have many tricks…”

“Don’t worry, the National League definitely won’t let us use forbidden weapons, even if it’s small,” Lu Qingyi said with a smile. “Are you confident of sniping this Gao Xuan?” she continued.

Shi Yu was stunned. He suspected that Senior Lu was holding a grudge.

Because when Senior Lu participated in the National League, she was defeated by a genius from a certain Imperial Capital University.

Although that person wasn’t Gao Xuan and it was said that he joined the tenth bureau later, this Gao Xuan was also from Imperial Capital University. “Shi Yu definitely can.”

“No problem.”

Although President Feng, Master Lin, and the others didn’t know if it would work, they were definitely closer to Shi Yu.

The National League was still the more important competition among the young Beast Tamers. Not only did it decide the education fees the association assigned to the nine major schools, but the hometown of the contestants who produced results would definitely receive a large amount of benefits.

President Feng, Master Lin, and the others were still waiting for Shi Yu to go to the National League to promote the Iron-eating Beast again.

Now, Shi Yu was the hope of the entire village.

Principal Feng coughed dryly and said, “But according to the news, the situation in this year’s National League is a little special. Gao Xuan will probably risk his life to win the championship.”

“What do you mean?” Shi Yu was stunned.

Senior Lu said, “Because the prizes for this year’s National League seem to be provided by the fourth bureau. It’s more luxurious than previous years, and it’s a batch of top mechanical resources.”

“Although in the eyes of ordinary Beast Tamers, these resources are very ordinary, in the eyes of Mechanics, those materials are all ‘supreme-grade materials’. They can modify the machinery of overlord races.”

“It can be said that the fourth bureau almost confirmed that the champion of this National League was Gao Xuan, so they were so generous to encourage Gao Xuan.”

“Of course, I feel that this reward can also motivate you…” Lu Qingyi smiled. After Shi Yu told her and White Brook about Shi Yu obtaining the Awakening Mirror, they had yet to tell anyone.

The Awakening Mirror… could also be used for mechanical materials. Shi Yu would definitely remember it.

Shi Yu was shocked. “Top-notch mechanical materials??” Shi Yu instantly felt that the Ice Dragon Snow Mountain was so hot. His body was burning!

“Uh.” Beside him, Principal Feng was a little confused when he saw Shi Yu and Lu Qingyi talking about something he didn’t know…

Why, Shi Yu also wanted mechanical materials??

Yes, it seemed like… Shi Yu seemed to want a mechanical beast. Previously, he even asked Dean Hao if Ancient Capital University could create overlord race machinery.

Of course, the answer was definitely no.

“If you can obtain this batch of rewards and then complete them yourself, you might be able to find a legendary Mechanic to help you create an overlord race machinery,” Principal Feng said.

If it were in the past, he definitely wouldn’t have encouraged Shi Yu like this.

After all, the resources that Gao Xuan had invested in the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast were probably more than ten billion.

Mechanics were even more rich!

Such a Gao Xuan was simply invincible among his peers.

Considering this, he would definitely make Shi Yu study obediently and archeology obediently. The battle level of Ancient Capital University still couldn’t compare to those top universities.

But now, the situation was special. The era had changed… Principal Feng knew that not only had Shi Yu broken through to the master level himself, but he also had “a bunch” of overlord pets.

As long as these pets broke through to the monarch level before the National League, they might be able to fight Gao Xuan.

Although Gao Xuan’s Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast was specially modified and strengthened with many resources, and while its energy far exceeded other overlord races, he only had one pet, while Shi Yu had a bunch!

Even if Shi Yu’s paywall was limited, if he couldn’t fight one-on-one, couldn’t he fight in a group?

“I understand.” Shi Yu was also motivated.

However, he didn’t want to find other legendary Mechanics to help build the overlord potential machinery, but… wanted to build it himself!

Mechanic Ancient Beast!!

“Well, what are the specific attributes of the materials??” Shi Yu asked curiously.

Principal Feng thought carefully and said, “It’s hard to say, but from the gains and research results of the previous fourth bureau…” “The prize they’ll use… It’s either wind or ice.” “I feel that the possibility of wind is higher.” “In the future, after Gao Xuan’s Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast steps into the overlord level, choosing to use wind-element natural power as energy is a very good choice. After all, wind power is almost everywhere.”

At the side, Lu Qingyi agreed. Compared to the operation of firepower and electricity, the machinery of wind power was also pretty good. Its adaptability was stronger.

Wind-element machinery?

Shi Yu fell into deep thought. What ancient creatures were there? Wind-element?

“Sigh, it’s been more than 2000 years, but the competition between you humans is still so intense…” Beside it, the frost dragon muttered.

Good lord, the guy was already helping them destroy the Ice River Totem, but they actually wanted his mechanical materials!

Bad person!

However, it was willing to vote for Shi Yu. What a joke. Shi Yu had contracted the heroic spirit of its Beast Tamer!!

As long as Chi Tong broke through and its heroic spirit possessed him, how could anyone among his peers defeat Shi Yu!!

“At most, just self-destruct! If you can’t use forbidden weapons, Moon Explosion will definitely work.” Beside him, the gem cat also muttered.

Shi Yu had to become the national champion, so the materials produced by Shi Yu in the future would be easier to sell!

However, it shouldn’t be good to destroy other people’s mechanical beasts…

Union calendar, November 178

It had been more than a year and a half since Shi Yu transmigrated to this world.

Ping Cheng, First Middle School.

A bespectacled teacher was teaching a batch of students in the field.

His surname was Wang. At this moment, he was saying proudly, “A year ago, a small-scale ferocious beast gathering happened in the direction of the snow mountain.”

“At that time, your teacher, I, had once explained the legendary Icefield history to a few students under a stone statue around this anomaly.”

“Among those people are your seniors, Chen Kai, your seniors, Zhuang Yue, and the others…”

“Of course, there are also others. One of the students is very interested in this history. Under the serious guidance of your teacher, I, he walked on an archeological path. That’s right, this person is the top scholar of the previous Ancient Capital vocation assessment, Shi Yu! The pride of our Ping Cheng!”

“After that, he didn’t disappoint my expectations and directly cracked the Ice Dragon Ruins.”

“It’s all thanks to him. Today, our Icefield City can finally completely resolve the hidden danger of the beast tide brought by the Ice Dragon Snow Mountain for more than 2000 years. We finally have an explanation for the Beast Tamers and citizens who died in the beast tide 11 years ago.”

Below, many students looked at Teacher Wang with stars in their eyes and said, “Teacher, can you call Senior Shi Yu to give us a lesson?” Teacher Wang : “…”

Basically… impossible. He had only met Shi Yu once and said a few more words. He wiped his sweat and said, “Shi Yu is very busy. Don’t worry about him. Why don’t you work hard to improve yourselves and go to Ancient Capital University to get to know Shi Yu yourself? The men can be brothers, and the women can be his girlfriend. I heard that he’s still single.”

“Alright, the countdown is about to begin. Wait to see the beautiful scenery on the ice dragon snow mountain!”

At this moment, the entertainment activities everywhere in Ping Cheng had temporarily stopped. Countless Beast Tamers stared in the direction of the Ice Dragon Snow Mountain. The first Beast Tamer that Shi Yu defeated was Chen Kai, an outstanding student, was there. There was the pharmacy physician who had sold supplements to Shi Yu many times, and also President Feng’s nephew, who was a master candidate…

The presidents of the associations and many masters of the other eight districts and counties in Icefield City also arrived near the Ice Dragon Snow Mountain and stared at the highest snow mountain built with the Ice Dragon Ruins.

A long time later…

As the alarm sounded, many people in Ping Cheng District saw the sky suddenly turn red. The clouds on the horizon were red, as if they were on fire.

The sky was dyed red by the gathering of the power of the sun, as if there was a volcano erupting below, dazzling.

In an instant, many people felt the temperature around them suddenly increase. In the next moment, they heard a boom, and dazzling golden light blossomed in the direction of the Ice Dragon Snow Mountain in the distance.

Right on the heels of that, the golden light kept expanding. With a world-shaking bang, the rolling energy tide rose into the sky like a volcano eruption, blooming in the sky in a huge pattern that could be seen clearly in several cities around the Ice Dragon Snow Mountain

The pattern was like a dazzling red rose. The moment it bloomed in the sky, the energy it erupted with quickly swept through the entire Ice Dragon Ruins. Moreover, the heat wave spread out and melted countless amounts of ice and snow…

Ice Dragon Snow Mountain.

In a short moment, this place had already become the Ice Fire Mountain. The periphery was still filled with a huge snowstorm, but the core area of the Ice River Totem seal had already become a sea of fire.

The snow mountain turned into a flaming mountain that connected to the sun, isolating the ice and snow energy of the outside world. It directly created a strange scene of ice and fire coexisting

In the distance, in the sky, a flying dragon airship was flying side by side with a frost dragon.

“Holy shit.”

Seeing this scene, the frost dragon kept cursing in its heart as it looked at the flying dragon warship in disbelief.

Because the thing that easily rewrote the snow mountain environment just now was launched by this big guy that was far from even overlord level.

However, the power of this attack made the frost dragon feel that it was troublesome if they were to fight before it broke through!

Even when Emperor Shi was at the master level, he couldn’t use such a powerful skill!

“Holy shit, holy shit, what’s going on? Isn’t he just a master like you?” The frost dragon said telepathically to Shi Yu in shock.

“How can you defeat this!!”

“I feel that the power of that thing’s explosion is even stronger than the power in Mu Huiyin’s body.”

“Little Chi Tong will be blown up!”

“Moreover, this move is actually continuously attracting the power of the sun… I’m afraid that in a few decades, the entire snow mountain will completely disappear and become a volcano!”

Shi Yu :”…”

He gave a speechless look to the Ice Dragon.

“Didn’t you listen carefully just now? This thing is a one-time use, and the preparation time is very long. The use restrictions are also large. Most importantly, it’s definitely forbidden in the competition.”

He wondered if the power of self-destruction could catch up to this after Baby Ginseng reached the monarch level… Shi Yu felt that it was a little difficult.

After all, the Sun Rose could directly trigger the power of the sun, while Baby Ginseng only relied on the power of the moonlight. As for the moonlight, it also came from the sun, and its level was lower.

Eh… Since the moonlight came from the sun, he wondered if Baby Ginseng’s Moon Explosion level could directly trigger the power of the sun to coexist with the power of the moon!

“Ah, right.” After Shi Yu finished speaking, Ice Dragon reacted.

Then, it looked at the sea of fire in front of it in shock.

However, it was still impressive.

In the first totem battle, the lowest threshold of Emperor Shi’s elite army was also at the master level.

If those masters could display such power, then the first totem battle wouldn’t have taken so

long.

They would have expelled the totems and overlords into the barren area in minutes.

Ice Dragon had finally learned something after seeing Shi Yu and the others brag about forbidden weapons for so long.

This was only a small forbidden weapon used by masters.

Then, how strong would a normal forbidden weapon used by a legend be?

Ice Dragon shuddered. What strange things had humans developed?

It really wanted to let Emperor Shi and Mu Huiyin take a look. Unfortunately… there was no chance…

“Mission completed.”

After rewriting the geographical environment of the Ice Dragon Snow Mountain in one hit, Gao Xuan walked out of the nutritional cabin calmly.

But he wasn’t handsome for more than three seconds.

Then, his arm trembled as he took out supplement pills and medicine from his pocket and popped them. It looked like he had consumed a lot of energy.

Shi Yu :”…”

Damn, even a Mechanic had to take supplements.