Chapter 263 - Dragon Palace City’S Third Prince

Chapter 263: Dragon Palace City’s Third Prince

Translator:

Atlas Studios

Editor:

Atlas Studios

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Is this Earth Mystic Ice?”

Ice Dragon Snow Mountain, Underground Ice Cave.

As Shi Yu and the others finished off the four monarchs, the group arrived at the birthplace of the Earth Ice.

The Earth Mystic Ice was quietly inserted between the ground and the roof of the cave, emitting a strong cold air.

The faint cold light was terrifying, The ice surface was like a mirror that could reflect everyone’s appearance.

“Yes, Earth Mystic Ice, a strengthening resource.”

“Tt can increase the energy intensity of the ice-element monarch. There’s a chance for the ice-element monarch to awaken the super skill ‘Earth Mystic Ice’.”

Looking at the nail-shaped ice pillar in front of them, Commander He Biao and Commander Wang Meng almost drooled.

Their pets were all ice-element… After absorbing this, their battle power would also increase explosively. It was no wonder that the group of ice-element monarchs were unwilling to give in.

If they could awaken another super skill, that would be even more impressive.

Although super skills awakened by these resources could only be considered taught skills and couldn’t lead to their own growth like racial skills, who would dislike having more super skills?

This kind of simple strengthening-type resource was very rare, and the price was relatively expensive. After Shi Yu saw it, he analyzed how much this could be sold for.

“It looks pretty good,” Shi Yu said.

Shi Yu had actually never used such a high-level strengthening resource.

The high energy values of his pets were all brought about by the increase in racial skills, not enhanced by resources.

The classic example of relying on resources to strengthen energy was the monarch of the Ancient Tree of Life that protected the evolution holy spring in Icefield City. Its five million energy points were obtained because it was nourished by the evolution holy spring earth vein for decades.

This was a paywall strategy.

It was the same principle as the gem cat wanting to rely on level-nine strengthening-type resources to break through to the totem level and not wanting to rely on skills to break through. No matter which path it was, it could bring about a breakthrough in strength.

“Yes, yes, it’s just not easy to take it away…” Commander Wang Meng said.

The Earth Mystic Ice was a natural treasure that needed to be connected to the icy plain to maintain its form. If it was taken away and there were no suitable preservation devices, the energy would quickly leak out. It was a semi-fixed resource. At the moment, the Beast Tamer Troops definitely didn’t

prepare any storage instruments.

“Don’t you have a suitable preservation device?” Shi Yu said when he saw everyone hesitate.

“Who can predict such a thing in advance? There are, but not so big,” Hall Master Lin said.

“Eh, right, don’t you have a ruins space? That place should be able to store it, right? Why don’t we put it there first? We can save the trouble of going back to get the equipment. It would be bad if other monarchs were attracted during this period. Moreover, we have a bunch of other missions to do…”

Hall Master Lin’s suggestion made Commander Wang and Commander He nod. When Shi Yu heard that, he thought it was alright. He said, “Alright then.”

Then, the few of them got busy. A moment later, Shi Yu moved the entire Earth Mystic Ice into the iceberg area of the ruins space. After that, everyone divided into two paths. Shi Yu and the others chose to continue to the beach, while the Beast Tamer Troops chose to continue sweeping the resources

around the Ice Dragon Ruins.

“Wow, selling it is another large sum of money. You’ve earned a lot.” After the three masters left, the gem cat said, “Unfortunately, you don’t have an ice-type pet. Otherwise, this Earth Mystic Ice would still be a very good strengthening resource.”

“Ican’t use it, I can’t use it…” Shi Yu immediately said.

Shi Yu felt that it was a loss to use strengthening-type resources to strengthen the pet’s energy strength.

He felt that it was far inferior to buying evolution materials to bet on evolution and transform resources into the racial potential of pets.

At that time, he would have potential and strength!

Strengthening-type resources were equivalent to strengthening strength on the original race of the pet. And evolution-type resources, if used appropriately, directly increased the upper limit of the pet’s potential and strength. Shi Yu would rather invest resources in evolution materials.

Then, he could increase the pet’s strength by adding some skills. This was the most cost-effective ratio for him.

“What do you mean, “you can’t’?!” The cat didn’t like hearing this.

It said, “When are we going to commercialize the Time Fruit? It’s fine if the Nutrition Fruit is commercialized, too. There’s also Eleven’s weapon and Buggy’s equipment. Why don’t we build a company? If you’re not free, I’ll be in charge of managing it. Just stir-fry a few goods occasionally. There’s no need

to make them in large batches. Things are more precious when they’re rare.”

“When the time comes, we’ll split the profits!!! You’ll be a big boss, I’ll just have a sip of soup. How about that! It’s mainly because I can help you expand the pet market.”

“know a bunch of guys like the Prediction Owl. They’re rich too. They’re all idiots.”

The gem cat said in anticipation. It really felt that Shi Yu’s pets were pretty good at making money. It would be a pity if it didn’t operate it.

After Shi Yu became a legendary Beast Tamer, these would be brand resources!!

“What are you planning…”

“Save up money. Just treat it as preparations in advance for Eleven, Baby Ginseng, and the others to break through to the overlord level!” the gem cat said.

“But didn’t they say that overlords who rely on resources to strengthen themselves are relatively weak? We should obediently train super racial skills…”

The gem cat:??

“You’re no longer children. Why can’t you have both?”

“Relying on super skills to break through to an overlord… compared to relying on super skills and legendary resources to break through to an overlord. Which one do you think is stronger?”

“The weak overlord level is beaten up by the monarch level. The strong overlord level can fight against the totem level one or two. You won’t lose out, child.”

“We can’t lose at the starting line.”

As the gem cat spoke, it was convinced. Shi Yu’s face darkened.

Hey, hey, hey, this cat was persuading people to spend money

Legendary-level resources were all worth ten billion. Who could afford to use this?

Resources below level eight were actually still popular in the country, but level-nine strengthening resources were relatively high-end. Sometimes, even if one had money, they couldn’t buy suitable ones, so they were called legendary resources.

It could 100% let a monarch-level pet with a good foundation enter the overlord level. Moreover, it had a very strong strengthening effect on overlord-level pets. There was a nearly one in ten chance for overlord-level pets to enter the totem level. This was what the gem cat saved up to pursue.

If Eleven and the others needed a legendary resource to break through to the overlord level, this would definitely be a pit.

“Besides… Why do I feel that it’s faster to earn money by exploring ruins? For example, there are Mythical resources in the ruins mentioned by the Undying Dark Phoenix… Aren’t those Legendary resources everywhere? When are we going to explore?”

The gem cat’s face fell.

It wanted to too, but didn’t this sound dangerous?

Exploring ruins wasn’t as fast as being a capitalist earning money.

“Let’s find a bigger big boss to cozy up to before exploring. I think Sister Ice Dragon is pretty good,” the gem cat said.

“Very good, when the time comes, invite it to go with you and let your stepmother see if the treasure vault left behind by your biological mother has treasures or a trap!”

Soon, Shi Yu and the others finally crossed the layers of snow mountains and arrived near the sea.

Although it was said to be close to the sea, the sea surface here was still frozen. Shi Yu and the others walked very, very far before finally arriving at the shattered ice area and seeing the blue sea.

“waul!!”

At this moment, Eleven and the others had long recovered through Absolute Sleep. Seeing the endless sea, Eleven and the others were in a very good mood.

It was also the first time Buggy, Baby Ginseng, and Chi Tong had seen the sea. Their eyes lit up.

“We’re finally here.”

“Let’s take a break and practice before starting the training mission ~” Shi Yu stretched. He was tired from flying and wanted to slack off for a while.

“Tremember a sport I haven’t done in a long time.”

Swim? Or skating?

A moment later.

Shi Yu sat on the chair conjured by Buggy and held the sword weapon, Ice Dragon Blade. A worm silk was tied in front of him, and the bottom of the worm silk had a nutritional fruit used as bait to fish.

“Wu?” “Wuu?” “Yi?” “Mi?”

‘When the pets saw that Shi Yu was talking about fishing, they immediately showed helpless expressions.

“As an outstanding pet trainer, fishing is a necessary skill.”

“Lonce saw a cartoon where a little girl easily used a fishing pole to fish up a water-type divine beast.”

1

“Although we might not be able to do it, it’s not bad to catch a few Sea Kings to spar with you. After all, you seriously lack sea battle experience…”

“In short, I’ll fish, you guys settle the fish.”

Those who could be attracted by the nutritional fruits… shouldn’t be small fish.

“want something cooked,” at this moment, the gem cat playing with its cell phone on the flying carpet said.

“Sure, sure. We’ll look at the gains. Let’s eat seafood tonight.”

In the ocean.

As the nutritional fruit fell, a large number of fish, from the Awakening level to the transcendent level, approached crazily. However, Shi Yu’s bait was clearly screened.

The weak fish was not fit to approach the bait at all. It directly fainted from touching the seawater soaked in the nutritional fruit.

2

From this, it could be seen that Baby Ginseng’s bath water might also be very valuable.

1

Baby Ginseng could probably be dipped in water to make special tea.

Awakening level beasts couldn’t do it, and transcendent level beasts couldn’t. Shi Yu’s target group was above commander rank, preferably monarch rank.

However, judging from the commotion, there didn’t seem to be any powerful sea beasts nearby.

At this moment, as he was fishing, Shi Yu yawned. He saw Eleven and the others staring at each other and said, “Why don’t you guys… Huh?”

Shi Yu was just about to say something when his expression suddenly changed.

At the side, Buggy was also stunned.

A few seconds ago, a white divine dragon nearly ten meters long was swimming carefully at the bottom of the sea, as if it was dodging something.

‘The White Azure Dragon heaved a sigh of relief. It didn’t expect that Dragon Palace City would actually send soldiers to pursue it. It could only be forced to hide in the deep sea. At this moment, as it was getting closer and closer to the land, the White Azure Dragon’s gaze flickered.

In the blink of an eye, its nose twitched and it revealed a shocked expression.

“It smells so good, even better than those spiritual fruits in Dragon Palace City.”

With that said, it accelerated and locked onto a white fruit in the ocean with a glance, thinking that a heavenly treasure had appeared.

“My luck is so good! It’s right to come out!”

It was overjoyed as it rushed forward. Just as it was about to approach the white fruit, in the next moment, the worm silk tied to the white fruit seemed to have become a spirit. It extended automatically and its speed was extremely fast. In an instant, it tied the white divine dragon that was close to the

white fruit!

“Roar?!”

Seeing this, the White Azure Dragon was stunned. It struggled with all its might, but to its surprise, it discovered that the thread was surprisingly tough. With its strength, it actually couldn’t break free directly.

In the next moment, the White Azure Dragon felt a huge force coming, and its body was involuntarily pulled towards the sea.

splash!!!

As water splashed everywhere, on the ice, Shi Yu, who was quickly putting away the worm silk, looked at the huge white divine dragon that he had thrown into the sky with a bang. His mouth instantly opened wide.

“Damn, what’s this?”

“wu?” “Wuu?” “Yi?” “Mi?”

At the side, Eleven and the others also looked at the huge monster Shi Yu had fished up in surprise.

Even the gem cat with the cell phone couldn’t help but be stunned.

Damn, this seafood was too strong.

It was very nutritious.

However, why did this guy look so familiar?

“Roar!!!”

After being fished out of the sea, the long transcendent creature was finally angry. The surrounding wind elements gathered, and the worm silk that was difficult to break with brute force just now instantly broke. At this moment, it waved its body and looked at Shi Yu and the others below in anger. It

finally understood what was going on.

It was the dignified Third Prince of Dragon Palace City, the only son of the Sea Dragon King, but it was actually… fished up like a fish by a human Beast Tamer?

This was too much!

At the same time.

The index of Bureau 11 and 3 in front of Shi Yu also displayed the information on this transcendent creature.

[Name]: White Azure Dragon

[Attributes]: Dragon, Wind

[Race Level]: High-level overlord

{Level of Growth]: Commander Level

Energy Points: 166,132

< Introduction > Dragon Palace City’s proud son, Third Prince, son of the Sea Dragon King and the Azure Dragon King. The only race that has mastered the Wind Summoning Art. Don’t offend them!!

At that moment, when he saw this information, Shi Yu was directly stunned.

It wasn’t because this dragon’s race level was very high, nor was it because its energy value was very high. It was purely because of the other party’s identity, as well as the “Do not make offend” marked on the third and eleventh bureau indexes.

1

Then here was the problem. He had caught the other party like a fish. Was it considered an enmity?

“Roar!!!” Seeing the confused expressions of Shi Yu and the others, the White Azure Dragon was even more furious. The perfect-level dragon might directly erupted, and the substantialized dragon might covered the sky and pressed down on Shi Yu and the others.

However, in the next moment… the White Azure Dragon’s expression changed.

This was because as the Little Iron-eating Beast, Little Butterfly, Baby Ginseng, and Little Red Sparrow beside Shi Yu looked up at it, four forces that shocked the sky and the sea instantly spread. In an instant, four shocking cracks appeared in the sky. The sea even kept rolling, and cracks appeared!

The terrifying four deterrence storms, each of which was stronger than the dragon might of the White Dragon. At this moment, lightning shot out of Eleven’s eyes. Its deterrence was as intimidating as thunder.

Buggy’s purer transcendent dragon might erupted. Chi Tong’s phoenix might was displayed, making the White Azure Dragon’s dragon might seem like stardust competing with the bright moon.

In the blink of an eye, the deterrence of the White Azure Dragon was suppressed by the bullying strategy. Moreover, four strong deterrence wrapped around the White Azure Dragon, making its mind tremble. It could only circle on the spot and be shocked until its entire body stiffened.

Ina short exchange, the White Azure Dragon’s heart turned cold. It looked at the four little pets in front of it in shock. Transcendent Deterrence… How was this possible.

‘The White Azure Dragon, who had never left the Ocean Dragon Palace City, was directly stunned.

Were the humans and transcendent creatures on land actually so terrifying?

Even in Dragon Palace City, only the top Dragon Palace overlords had mastered transcendent deterrence.

Its pupils constricted as it looked at Shi Yu solemnly. It was just about to shout, “My father is the Sea Dragon King!”

However, Shi Yu spoke faster.

“Well, would you believe me if I said it was a misunderstanding?” At this moment, Shi Yu touched his chin and looked at the white dragon in the sky, who didn’t dare to act rashly.

White Azure Dragon:

“Are you Xiaobai?”

“Lheard the adults in the family mention you.”

“I didn’t expect you to grow so big in the blink of an eye.”

White Azure Dragon: “?”

Shi Yu revealed a reminiscing expression and took out the Sea Dragon King’s scale. “You don’t know me, but I know you. You weren’t born when your father sent this scale out.”

‘The White Azure Dragon was stunned. It opened its mouth and looked at the Sea Dragon King scale in Shi Yu’s hand. It was immediately stunned. Holy shit, this aura… was really its father’s scale. This, this, this, this, what was going on??

In an instant, the White Dragon was stunned as it looked at Shi Yu and the others in shock.

“Senior, you are…”

It transmitted its telepathy. As expected of a totem heir, a commander rank had mastered telepathy.

Inan instant, Eleven, the others, and the gem cat were also stunned.

“We’re like family, like family. Come, sit, sit.” Shi Yu smiled and said, “Why did you come out of Dragon Palace City?”

At this moment, when the White Azure Dragon saw that the other party was a big boss who knew its father, it was immediately nervous to the extreme. It almost thought that Shi Yu had been sent by its father to capture it. It said nervously, “I came out for a breather and train.”

Shi Yu:”…”

“Isn’t there a Dragon Palace banquet in Dragon Palace City recently?” Shi Yu asked.

“Yes, yes.” The White Azure Dragon nodded.

“You ran away?” Shi Yu asked because he could sense the White Azure Dragon’s nervous heart through telepathy.

White Azure Dragon :”…”

“Tm really bored. Is it appropriate to lock a wind-element divine dragon like me in the sea?” The white dragon had a bitter expression.

“Wu?” “Wau?” “Yi?” “Mi?”

Eleven and the others pointed and discussed. It was indeed ridiculous.

At least it had to be locked in a snowstorm.

“Is it because of that?” Shi Yu gradually took the initiative.

“Ah, no, it’s mainly because my father wants me to find a Beast Tamer for me to follow, but I don’t want to be a human pet… I want freedom!!” It had a bitter expression and said, “The human Beast Tamers I saw previously are all trash. It’s impossible for me to follow them! Uh, of course, I didn’t mean

you, Senior. Please don’t tell my father about me, alright?”

Shi Yu:”…”

Good lord, Shi Yu was speechless.

Was this the cub of the overlord race in Dragon Palace City?

But when he glanced at the success rate of the White Azure Dragon’s super skill teaching

Extremely low.

Excuse me

This guy was also fodder

It didn’t even have the will of an overlord, and it dared to be a totem’s son?

“No, no, no.” Shi Yu chuckled and said, “There’s indeed no rule that says you have to follow humans.”

“Right!” The White Azure Dragon seemed to have found a confidant. It didn’t expect Shi Yu to understand it so well.

Why did it have to lock itself in the small space of a human Beast Tamer and suffer and train every day?

“My father has its own obsession and insisted that I complete its wish for it. Damn it,” the White Azure Dragon said unhappily. “It even said that only by following a human Beast Tamer will there be a chance of stepping into the Mythical Domain…”

Buggy and the others gradually understood all of this. The father of this White Azure Dragon was the Sea Dragon King evolved from the Dragon Carp pet that Lin Feng casually cultivated with evolution talent, the dragon totem that married into the Dragon Palace City!

Shi Yu: “… Haha, your father must also be thinking about your future. Come, come, come, let me ask you. How many overlord heirs will participate in the Dragon Palace banquet this time? Do you know? Of course, the ones who are still in their infancy.”

The white dragon was stunned. It didn’t understand why Shi Yu was asking this. It looked at Shi Yu suspiciously.

However, it still recalled carefully.

“They would probably all participate.”

“At the moment, the heir of the overlord in Dragon Palace City…”

“The baby of the Sponge Overlord? And the brother of the Octopus Overlord of the Ten Thousand Claw Octopus. Oh, and the child of the overlord of Neptune, that silly starfish.”

“Oh, there’s also Little Sister Tiger Whale and that idiot Wyrm Shark.”

“By the way, after the Second Princess of Mermaid Island left with a human, the Mermaid Queen seemed to be pregnant again. I wonder if she was born. She’s really impressive. That auntie is simply the birth vanguard of Dragon Palace City…”

“Apart from them… there seems to be General Yaksha’s daughter, Sister Sea Yaksha?”

The White Azure Dragon tried its best to remember. After thinking for a long time, it only remembered less than ten overlord heirs that it was more familiar with.

At this moment, after hearing the White Azure Dragon’s description, Shi Yu fell into deep thought.

Sponge Baby? Little Brother Octopus? Stupid Starfish? What the hell? This was an overlord’s son? This was Dragon Palace City?

“What race is the tiger whale sister you’re talking about?”

“And the shark is?”

“Speaking of which, did that mermaid princess leave with someone named Lu Qingyi? Also speaking of which, is the mermaid queen’s child definitely a mermaid princess?”

“Do you have a photo of that Sea Yaksha sister you mentioned?”1

“Oh, wait, I want to ask if any totem big shots in your Dragon Palace City are about to reincarnate.” Shi Yu wanted to ask a lot. He even asked about the unreliable and reliable prophecy of the owl.

White Azure Dragon:??

What exactly did he want?