Chapter 268 - Birth Of A King

Chapter 268 Birth of a King

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Half a month later.

The date approached the Dragon Palace banquet.

At this moment, in Dong Huang, the list of people who were going to Dragon Palace City to communicate this year was finally confirmed. There were a total of 12 people in the younger generation.

They were all young talents under the age of 30 in Dong Huang Among them, there were even some Beast Tamers whose spatial levels had reached level five and six.

For example, White Brook, Shi Yu, Zou Tianwang…

“Then I’ll see you in Binhai City the day after tomorrow.”

Ping Cheng In the villa, Shi Yu was holding his cell phone and talking to the beast-eared girl.

The two of them were going to Dragon Palace City. When the time came, they naturally had to meet in Binhai City.

This time, there was a big boss leading the team in Binhai City. Otherwise, Shi Yu and the others alone weren’t qualified to step foot into the ocean. “Alright, Eh, why do I hear a woman’s voice? Who’s crying?”

On the other side of the phone, White Brook just nodded when her ears suddenly twitched. Was a girl with Shi Yu?

“…It’s Senior Lin. She’s activating Eleven’s bloodline.”

“It’s been almost a month. I wonder when it can be activated.” Shi Yu sighed.

Although Zhong Xuan said that it might take a while, this was also too long.

In the past few days, Eleven had raised Senior Lin’s Iron-eating Beast’s hardening level to perfection, but its bloodline had yet to be activated!

Shi Yu was already considering if it was because Senior Panda was too lousy…

It was time to find a stepmother for Eleven.

“I see. Continue, I’m hanging up.” After White Brook said a few words, she hung up. On Ping Cheng, Shi Yu had just hung up when he suddenly heard a bang.

“Wuu!!!”

Another woman exclaimed.

Shi Yu was stunned. He quickly ran to the other side of the wall and saw the panda senior looking at Eleven in shock.

“What’s wrong?” Shi Yu looked at the messy room, the broken floor and ceiling, and the panda senior that seemed to have been sent flying. He was immediately stunned.

But soon, Shi Yu understood.

He looked at Eleven, who was in the center of the chaotic area and was subconsciously emitting deterrence. He was immediately stunned.

“It awakened!!” Lin Xiuzhu shouted in surprise.

It had definitely awakened!

Lin Xiuzhu had a feeling that good things came after suffering.

It was too difficult.

“I think so. Senior, you’re not injured, right?” Shi Yu asked.

“I’m fine, look at Eleven!”

“Alright.”

At this moment, Shi Yu looked at Eleven again.

In the index, Eleven’s energy level was slowly increasing. As expected, the awakening of his bloodline could also increase his energy level.

After nearly a month of training and nurturing, Eleven’s energy level had already exceeded 200,000.

Although it was inferior to a ginseng baby, it had successfully broken the traditional understanding limit.

“Wuu…”

In the room, Little Eleven lowered its head and stood on the floor as if it was unconscious.

Under its deterrence, cracks instantly appeared on the floor and ceiling.

Shi Yu and Lin Xiuzhu quietly watched Eleven. A moment later, the deterrence on Eleven gradually retracted and wrapped around its body, as if forming transparent flames.

“Eleven.”

Shi Yu called out. Eleven slowly raised its head and revealed its aggrieved big eyes. “Wuu.”

It looked at the surrounding environment and the deterrence on its body disappeared. It looked at Lin Xiuzhu and Shi Yu apologetically and immediately covered its mouth with tears to apologize. It didn’t look like it had just awakened and become the Panda King.

This, this, this…

It didn’t know why, but just now, it felt the deterrence power in its body spreading out uncontrollably.

“It’s alright, it’s alright ~” Lin Xiuzhu and Shi Yu said in unison. After saying that, they carefully observed Eleven’s changes.

“Is this considered awakening a royal bloodline?” Lin Xiuzhu slowly got up, crossed his arms, and asked curiously. He did feel that Eleven was different, but he couldn’t put his finger on it.

“It’s already awakened.”

Shi Yu couldn’t help but smile. He walked in front of Eleven, grabbed the back of its nape, and pulled it up.

Under the scan of the skill index, Shi Yu could already see the strongest evidence of Eleven awakening the royal bloodline!

Skill: Deterrence

Status: Can be taught

Originally, because of the racial restrictions, transcendent was the upper limit of Eleven’s deterrence level, but now, it was directly broken!

This was the advantage of having a royal bloodline!

Not only could deterrence be awakened at the Awakening level, but it could also turn deterrence into a racial skill, driving the growth level!

The upper limit of the deterrence skill proficiency would naturally be raised to the Dao Proficiency.

“There we go!!”

In the blink of an eye.

Shi Yu, who was in a good mood, suddenly made another shocking discovery. He couldn’t help but feel even happier.

Skill: Inner Power

Status: Can be taught

(Teaching success rate): Medium

It was unknown if it was the effect of the training during this period or the effect of Eleven awakening the royal bloodline this time. Its super skill teaching success rate directly reached medium!

It once again exceeded Buggy, Baby Ginseng, and Chi Tong by a large level.

It had reached the stage of willpower of the frost dragon and the gem cat.

Shi Yu recalled the race ability of the Iron-eating Beast King…

ca

According to Zhong Xuan, it could allow the Iron-eating Beast to increase its physique and physical fitness more efficiently after recovering from its near-death state. In short, it could increase the benefits of life-and-death battles and life-and-death training.

It seemed that… the overlord’s will also needed to be tempered in life and death?

In other words, the racial talent of the Iron-eating Beast King would increase the mastery of the overlord’s will?

Shi Yu took a deep breath and felt that he had discovered something extraordinary. He was also thinking if he should let Eleven know about this…

He was afraid that Eleven would take it too hard…

In short, the success rate of super skill teaching was medium.

This was also the highest level of willpower that Shi Yu had seen at the moment.

As for pets with “high” success rates for super skills, Shi Yu had never seen one with overlord’s will.

Of course, it was also possible that he had seen it before, but he didn’t use the skill index to judge.

For example, at that time, Shi Yu didn’t notice if its will stage was high or medium.

It was mainly because in the index, there were no super skills that could be used to detect the will of water-type pets.

This also reminded Shi Yu that before going to Dragon Palace City, he had to replicate a water-element super skill first. Otherwise, if he encountered water-type pets and used Eleven and the others’ super skills to test them, it would directly show that he couldn’t teach them, not the success rate of teaching

In that case, there was no way to find pets with overlord will at all.

He already had a target to steal from. It was the Tyrannical Sea Legend who was about to lead these young people to Dragon Palace City.

Shi Yu had already asked around. At that time, they would ride the Tyrant Sea Legend’s water-type pet into the sea. At that time, there would be plenty of opportunities to touch powerful water-type overlords. There would definitely be people who could choose water-type skills.

“Then, isn’t Eleven very strong now?”

Seeing Shi Yu holding Eleven and smiling foolishly, Lin Xiuzhu asked in anticipation.

“Not yet.”

Eleven: Wu?

Wasn’t it strong?

Why did it feel that it was strong now?

“But when it breaks through to the monarch level, it will definitely be very strong.”

“I’ve decided to let Eleven break through to the monarch level tomorrow.”

Lin Xiuzhu: “Huh???”

Lin Xiuzhu’s beautiful eyes widened. “Aren’t you going to practice what overlord’s will you’re talking about?”

“You finally have a conscience?”

After coming to the Yu Family for so long, Lin Xiuzhu naturally knew how Shi Yu was training his pets recently. However, she only thought that Shi Yu was purely training his pet’s will. She didn’t know that super skills could just be added as points.

But no matter what, Shi Yu’s training method made Lin Xiuzhu whimper.

Eleven was still a child.

Using the deep sea pressure to strengthen its willpower, soaking in magma to train its willpower, falling from a height of 10,000 meters to train its willpower… It was too cruel. Although she didn’t understand… why Eleven was happy.

Eleven: Wu wu wu??

On the other side, when it heard that Shi Yu could let it break through, Eleven’s eyes flashed. Really?

Could it really break through?

Shi Yu had already made them suppress their breakthrough power for a month. Even the ginseng baby with an energy value exceeding 200,000 was holding it in. Eleven didn’t expect Shi Yu to actually plan to let it break through first.

Suddenly.

Eleven widened its eyes.

“Wuu!”

It waved its arms excitedly.

Could it be that it had already mastered the overlord’s will???

Roar, roar, roar.

Hahahaha, as expected of it.

Panda King Eleven let out an excited roar!

“Not yet.”

Shi Yu mercilessly threw Eleven down, leaving Eleven sitting on the ground in confusion.

“However, I think the overlord will is too far away. That’s the rare ability needed for monarchs to break through to the overlord level. It’s a little unrealistic for you to master it at the commander level. It might waste a lot of time.”

“Most importantly, you guys haven’t broken through for a long time. My meditation efficiency has been too low recently.”

“Therefore, I’ve decided that after your willpower reaches a certain standard, you can break through to the monarch level.” “Overlord’s Will… Continue training after the monarch level.”

Shi Yu set this standard at the medium success rate of super skills teaching.

Even the gem cat, who had participated in the Undead War, and the old witch, who had participated in the totem battle like the frost dragon, didn’t have the will to be an overlord. Shi Yu thought about it carefully and felt that Eleven and the others would probably be in trouble in the short term.

In that case, he felt that medium will was enough.

The overlord could wait until it reached the monarch level before grinding it.

It might still be lacking to rely on this kind of simulation training.

In any case, he already planned to explore a few more domestic ruins to play with after the National League. At that time, he shouldn’t lack natural environments for Eleven and the others to train in.

At the moment, the National League and meditation speed were more important. “Wuuu!!”

Eleven didn’t care what Shi Yu thought. It was already very happy that it could break through to the monarch level. “Tomorrow? What time?” Lin Xiuzhu asked.

“I’ll call my father over too. How about letting the two monarch-level Nine Li Battle Beast fight?” she suggested.

“Uh.” Shi Yu smiled awkwardly.

Senior Panda, stop scamming…

Had she not seen what Master Qu Jie and the Ox-Headed Beast King were like?

Shi Yu quickly said, “Forget about the battle. It’s just a breakthrough. Do you want to see it

too?”

“Of course!” Lin Xiuzhu rubbed her temples and said, “I massaged for a month with my own hands. I’m so tired. No matter what, you have to let me see the results.”

“Forget about dad, I’ll come myself.”

“Alright.” Shi Yu smiled. As for why tomorrow and not today…

He planned to maximize Eleven’s deterrence skill before letting it break through.

With the most perfect Panda King deterrence, it would break through to the monarch level.

It would take another day to achieve this.

“By the way, Senior, don’t rush your Iron-eating Beast to evolve first. The hardening level can still be raised,” Shi Yu reminded.

“We’ll continue after we return from Dragon Palace City.” “Alright.” Lin Xiuzhu nodded.

At this moment, Lin Xiuzhu no longer worried about the money for the evolution materials. Apart from the fact that the breeding base was growing bigger and bigger, and because she was now the exclusive feeder of the Iron-eating Beast Corps, the evolution materials of the Iron-eating Beasts could definitely be reimbursed from the military expenses.

After a month, under the enhancement of the metal-element nurturing method, Eleven finally awakened the Panda King bloodline. That day, after sending Lin Xiuzhu away, Shi Yu pulled Eleven to the ruins space and worked hard to add points.

Baby Ginseng, who was watching by the side, trembled with fear.

Even when Shi Yu added points to its time fruit… he wasn’t this violent.

“As long as I don’t die, I’ll keep adding points until I almost die!” “Baby Ginseng, heal me!”

It was mainly because there was not enough time. He had to go to Dragon Palace City the day after tomorrow. In addition, Shi Yu’s physique had also improved greatly recently.

After Shi Yu broke through to the master level, the upper limit of his physique would definitely increase again. As he maxed out the Time Fruit and three times for the clone skill, there were a total of four high-level skills. Shi Yu’s physique had more or less broken through. Now that he had added some deterrence, it was naturally faster.

Moreover, after Baby Ginseng learned plant control, it was easier to absorb both sweet gas and nutrients.

The next day.

Eleven’s deterrence was maxed out again. This was the first time Shi Yu and the others had seen deterrence at the level of Dao Proficiency. “Wuu!!!!”

It waved its arms excitedly.

Could it be that it had already mastered the overlord’s will???

Roar, roar, roar.

Hahahaha, as expected of it.

Panda King Eleven let out an excited roar!

“Not yet.”

Shi Yu mercilessly threw Eleven down, leaving Eleven sitting on the ground in confusion.

“However, I think the overlord will is too far away. That’s the rare ability needed for monarchs to break through to the overlord level. It’s a little unrealistic for you to master it at the commander level. It might waste a lot of time.”

“Most importantly, you guys haven’t broken through for a long time. My meditation efficiency has been too low recently.”

“Therefore, I’ve decided that after your willpower reaches a certain standard, you can break through to the monarch level.”

“Overlord’s Will… Continue training after the monarch level.”

Shi Yu set this standard at the medium success rate of super skills teaching.

Even the gem cat, who had participated in the Undead War, and the old witch, who had participated in the totem battle like the frost dragon, didn’t have the will to be an overlord. Shi Yu thought about it carefully and felt that Eleven and the others would probably be in trouble in the short term.

In that case, he felt that medium will was enough.

The overlord could wait until it reached the monarch level before grinding it.

ITIO

It might still be lacking to rely on this kind of simulation training.

In any case, he already planned to explore a few more domestic ruins to play with after the National League. At that time, he shouldn’t lack natural environments for Eleven and the others to train in.

At the moment, the National League and meditation speed were more important.

“Wuuu!!”

Eleven didn’t care what Shi Yu thought. It was already very happy that it could break through to the monarch level.

“Tomorrow? What time?” Lin Xiuzhu asked.

“I’ll call my father over too. How about letting the two monarch-level Nine Li Battle Beast fight?” she suggested. “Uh.” Shi Yu smiled awkwardly.

Senior Panda, stop scamming…

Had she not seen what Master Qu Jie and the Ox-Headed Beast King were like?

Shi Yu quickly said, “Forget about the battle. It’s just a breakthrough. Do you want to see it too?”

“Of course!” Lin Xiuzhu rubbed her temples and said, “I massaged for a month with my own hands. I’m so tired. No matter what, you have to let me see the results.”

“Forget about dad, I’ll come myself.”

“Alright.” Shi Yu smiled. As for why tomorrow and not today…

He planned to maximize Eleven’s deterrence skill before letting it break through.

With the most perfect Panda King deterrence, it would break through to the monarch level.

It would take another day to achieve this.

“By the way, Senior, don’t rush your Iron-eating Beast to evolve first. The hardening level can still be raised,” Shi Yu reminded.

“We’ll continue after we return from Dragon Palace City.”

“Alright.” Lin Xiuzhu nodded.

At this moment, Lin Xiuzhu no longer worried about the money for the evolution materials.

Apart from the fact that the breeding base was growing bigger and bigger, and because she was now the exclusive feeder of the Iron-eating Beast Corps, the evolution materials of the Iron-eating Beasts could definitely be reimbursed from the military expenses.

After a month, under the enhancement of the metal-element nurturing method, Eleven finally awakened the Panda King bloodline.

That day, after sending Lin Xiuzhu away, Shi Yu pulled Eleven to the ruins space and worked hard to add points. Baby Ginseng, who was watching by the side, trembled with fear.

Even when Shi Yu added points to its time fruit… he wasn’t this violent.

“As long as I don’t die, I’ll keep adding points until I almost die!”

“Baby Ginseng, heal me!”

It was mainly because there was not enough time. He had to go to Dragon Palace City the day after tomorrow. In addition, Shi Yu’s physique had also improved greatly recently.

After Shi Yu broke through to the master level, the upper limit of his physique would definitely increase again. As he maxed out the Time Fruit and three times for the clone skill, there were a total of four high-level skills. Shi Yu’s physique had more or less broken through. Now that he had added some deterrence, it was naturally faster.

Moreover, after Baby Ginseng learned plant control, it was easier to absorb both sweet gas and nutrients.

The next day.

Eleven’s deterrence was maxed out again.

This was the first time Shi Yu and the others had seen deterrence at the level of Dao Proficiency.

“Wuu!!!!”

In the ruins space, Eleven was completely high. After Baby Ginseng’s Epic level strengthened, it finally strengthened a little again.

After Eleven completed its transformation, deterrence seemed to have become instinct. There was no need to consume energy at all. Every move and gaze seemed to contain the power of deterrence. Although the strength was a little small, it appeared ridiculous when combined with the shrunken form of 0.3 meters.

Super small and fierce.

Eleven: (¥’-c’). Howl.

“This is max-level deterrence.”

At the same time, after Eleven absorbed the huge experience of max-level deterrence, Shi Yu quickly sensed the new effect and new usage of max-level deterrence through his mental connection.

He looked at Eleven, who was running to deter Buggy, Baby Ginseng, and Chi Tong, and touched his chin.

Boom!!!

As the four pets faced off, the clouds in the ground and sky undoubtedly cracked again. They didn’t even use other skills. Under the influence of Eleven’s deterrence, the sky of the ruins was already filled with thunder and black lightning “Yi!!” “Wu!!!” “Mi!!!”

Buggy, Baby Ginseng, and Chi Tong were fighting one against three. They gritted their teeth. It was also very difficult for their Normal State to defeat Eleven’s current deterrence, but this was not the greatest change in deterrence.

The greatest change was that max-level deterrence had gradually gained self-awareness. Even if it left the user, it could still control the strength like the embodiment of will. It had a set of activated rules. In addition, it was not impossible to imprint it in the enemy’s spirit and bloodline.

It could permanently cause the enemy who lost to it to have inner demons. When they fought again, it was almost impossible for them to have the heart to resist. Moreover, it could imprint deterrence in the enemy’s bloodline, making the descendants of the enemy fear the user and even their race. This deterrence at the genetic bloodline level was basically the same as when insects encountered birds, and the fear when rats encountered cats. It was a race’s deeper fear of another race.

“It’s very suitable to be used in racial battles like the totem battle,” Shi Yu thought to himself as he looked at the three little ones, who were facing Eleven with flushed faces.

That day, Senior Lin Xiuzhu arrived as promised.

In the ruins space, Baby Ginseng, Buggy, and Chi Tong hugged their fruits and looked at Eleven, who was preparing to break through, with tears in their eyes. They were envious.

It wasn’t that they were envious that Eleven could break through. After all, they could break through at any time. Instead, they were envious that its will level had improved again, one level higher than theirs and one step closer to the overlord’s will.

According to this, they felt that it was very difficult for them to defeat the leader.

At that time, Eleven might be the first pet that could add points to super skills!

The throne in the team was unshakable.

“I told you to work harder normally. You’ll definitely gain something if you work hard. The gains from your previous hard work weren’t very obvious, but now you know its importance, right?”

Shi Yu smiled and fed his pets this enticing dream daily.

However, Shi Yu also knew that it wasn’t that they didn’t work hard, but that the requirements for the overlord’s will were too high.

Under Eleven’s lead, they had already been very hardworking previously.

For example, Buggy, who followed the will of the leader, was definitely not inferior to pets of the same age.

For example, Baby Ginseng was very hardworking in both battle and learning because it wanted to change its fate as a supplement.

As for Chi Tong, Shi Yu felt that perhaps it was better not to let a big boss lead the team to farm experience in the subsequent levels of the Spirit Release. If Chi Tong fought personally, it might be able to improve itself better.

As the heroic spirit of General Mu Huiyin, its willpower potential wouldn’t be bad. As long as it passed her infancy, it believed that it could quickly grow into an independent female general.

In short, all they lacked was time. “Yi -” “Wu ~” “Mi “

The three pets shook their heads, indicating that they knew.

“They’re all so cute.” Lin Xiuzhu, who followed Shi Yu in, smiled.

“By the way, why do you always contract cute pets? When will you contract an impressive and domineering pet?” Lin Xiuzhu asked.

“After Eleven, Buggy, and Chi Tong transform, they’re all pretty impressive and domineering. But normally, they’re usually more cute and eye-catching,” Shi Yu said.

Baby Ginseng: “What about me? Do you think I’m domineering!” “Wuu!” Everyone’s attention was attracted by Eleven’s domineering howl.

After resting for a period of time and eating a pile of nutritional fruits to replenish his energy, Eleven was already prepared to welcome a breakthrough in its optimal state!

On the arena, as Shi Yu nodded, Eleven directly activated the lightning attracting ability. At the same time, Buggy also teleported a high-level gold and lightning dual-element energy crystal into the air!

Boom!

With a deafening sound, dark clouds immediately appeared in the sky. The thunder clouds condensed almost instantly!

The sky was pitch-black, and the thunder was deafening.

There was no wind or rain, only lightning. When the thundercloud appeared, the sky instantly darkened. Lightning rolled crazily in the dark clouds with terrifying might.

Boom!!!

Lightning streaked across the sky, and the thundercloud turned into a lightning pool. A terrifying golden lightning pillar quickly descended and hit Eleven! “Wu…” Seeing this scene, Lin Xiuzhu suddenly became nervous.

However, this was clearly the best way to break through. Using the power of natural lightning, through Inner Power and accumulating lightning, he could absorb the power from the outside world as much as possible, strengthen itself, and eternally transform external forces into its own strength!

In that case, it would definitely be better than directly breaking through the foundation. Shi Yu had the third index and had already carefully studied various special evolution and special breakthrough methods!

“Wuu!!!”

In the lightning pillar, the lightning that exceeded the limit continued to enter his body, making Eleven reveal a difficult expression.

However, in an instant, its strong willpower made Eleven’s distorted expression gradually clear.

At this moment, with Eleven as the center, lightning shot into the sky and connected it to the lightning sea. It was already difficult to see Eleven’s figure clearly in the lightning.

Apart from its pair of lightning eyes that turned from black to blue.

Under the light of the lightning, soon, as it reached and exceeded the limit, Eleven and the lightning light formed a luster, and its body began to emit a dazzling light!

A moment later.

“Roar!!!”

With a roar that shook the thunderclap, the figure of a huge beast appeared in the lightning pillar. Eleven was wearing silver and black interweaving armor, and white electric arcs flickered on its body. Its pupils, which contained blue lightning, looked directly at the sky.

Blue Sea Ruins:?

As its aura erupted for the second time, the light of awakening breakthrough spread from its body again!

“It’s starting.” Shi Yu was both happy and expectant.

At this moment, under the gaze of him, Lin Xiuzhu, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, and Chi Tong, the data on the index cell phone in Shi Yu’s hand changed crazily!

“When Dad’s Iron-eating Beast just broke through to the monarch level, its energy level was 1.4 million…” Lin Xiuzhu said.

“Yeah…” Shi Yu nodded.

However, Hall Master Lin’s Nine Li Battle Beast was a middle-level monarch race, while Eleven was a high-level overlord race with three inscriptions. Apart from super skills, all its skills were maxed out! After both parties broke through, the energy difference would definitely be huge.

Beep…

Under everyone’s gaze, the index data changed crazily.

Soon, as Eleven’s aura suddenly increased and the energy value continued to increase, Baby Ginseng and the others were shocked.

In almost an instant, it broke through the million mark.

Then, two million.

Three million…

4 million!

Senior Panda’s face was red with excitement.

In the blink of an eye, the energy data jumped one last time.

At the center of the breakthrough, the terrifying monarch deterrence directly turned into a storm that swept into the sky and ground, almost instantly dispelling the lightning!

“Wuu!!!” After Eleven’s growth level broke through to the monarch level, its full strength posture was directly displayed in front of Shi Yu and the others!

< Name > Nine Li Battle Beast

(Level of Growth]: Monarch Level

Energy Points: 4,040,000

“4 million—”The panda senior exclaimed.

However, this was not the limit at all. This was only the normal energy after Eleven broke through to the monarch level. By accumulating external power through Inner Power, it could pay a certain price to erupt with power that exceeded its normal limit. At that moment, a huge force happened to be in Eleven’s body. Suddenly, a blue and white lightning blossomed from Eleven’s body like an erupting volcano!

In the lightning that spread several meters upwards, Eleven, under the illumination of the lightning, was like a demon that had just walked out of the sea of lightning. Its deterrence was wrapped in lightning, and its aura was still rising steadily!

Energy Points: 5,000,000

Energy Points: 6 million

Its strength kept increasing, causing the panda senior to excitedly pinch Baby Ginseng beside her. Ginseng Baby: “???”

Of course, Buggy, Chi Tong, Baby Ginseng, and the others were also very tempted to look at this data. They were curious about how much they could have after evolution.

In the end, Eleven’s full-strength posture stopped at 6.6 million.

Seeing this, Shi Yu took a deep breath and smiled very comfortably. He looked at Eleven in the arena.

Very good, it was not much inferior to Gao Xuan’s Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast. The other party had more than 7 million energy points after fusing with the Beast Tamer, and now, Eleven was only showing its own individual battle power.

Moreover, this was still not Eleven’s real limit. It was just the limit it could easily withstand.

Because its stamina source wasn’t full at all just now, its Inner Power hadn’t been used to its greatest extent. If it triggered the power of the heavenly lightning to absorb it again, its strength could still increase, but the side effects would definitely be greater.

In addition, Eleven had just broken through, so the proficiency of super skills would definitely be inferior to the other party. There was still a lot of room for improvement. The characteristic of the mechanical beast was that the skills could be trained by oneself and the Mechanic could rely on the upgrading configuration to increase the proficiency level. Therefore, the proficiency of Gao Xuan’s super Holy Dragon Beast’s super racial skill was probably not low. The proficiency of low-level racial skills was probably not low either. Shi Yu was mentally prepared for this.

In short, Eleven’s attributes had already given Shi Yu the confidence to fight the other party.

After all, Eleven’s true strength was its explosive power that exceeded the limit after enlarging

“Eleven,” Shi Yu shouted. At the same time, he sensed the feedback Eleven gave him and began to look forward to the changes after the other little guys broke through to the monarch level.

“Wu ~” In the arena, after Eleven broke through, it quickly returned to its obedient little bear form and ran over excitedly to show off to everyone!

At this moment, the Panda King really lived up to its name!

On the same day.

Next door to Icefield City.

Binhai City.

Young geniuses from all over Dong Huang came into this Linhai City one after another. They had extraordinary auras and were like proud sons of heaven. After arriving, the first thing they did was look at the sea.

“I must become the brightest star at the Dragon Palace banquet!”