Chapter 265 - Fourth Game, Gao Xuan

Chapter 265 Fourth Game, Gao Xuan

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

A week later.

In the sea area near the Ice Dragon Snow Mountain.

In the past few days, Shi Yu had come almost every day and had already understood the water element here.

Whether it was Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, or Chi Tong, they could move freely underwater.

Of course, if Baby Ginseng and Chi Tong fought underwater, their battle power would be less than 10%. This couldn’t be helped.

On the other hand, Buggy could be arrogant by transforming into a water-type pet.

As for Eleven, its battle method was even simpler. It directly modified itself into a Thunder Rod and jumped into the sea.

Then.

Blue Sea Ruins:?

Heavenly Thunder Fried Fish.

Apart from that, Shi Yu had not been idle these few days.

One time, after the gem cat finished using the clone skill, he found an opportunity… to replicate the clone skill.

This was a high-level skill, similar to multiplication. It was a special skill, but to be honest, it was a little inclined towards the spiritual element. When the proficiency was low, it needed to control the clone through spiritual power and needed to multitask. In the past few days, Shi Yu had taken the time to give the clone skill to Eleven, Baby Ginseng, and Chi Tong Shi Yu’s goal was to let every pet become an army!!!

Although Eleven had the bean soldier skill, and the upper limit of this skill was higher than the clone, the problem was that it couldn’t be taught yet.

Shi Yu taught Eleven this skill with the idea that his clone might lead to an increase in level of bean soldier. As for Buggy, it had illusions that were already better than cloning. Shi Yu didn’t teach it.

For example, the clone skill could only inherit entry-level super skills after it reached the transcendent level. However, Buggy’s Imagination Domain and Illusory Phantom combined with the full-level dream stealing… Not to mention the entry-level super skill, that phantom could even inherit the perfect super skill in the future. He could even create other pet clones and use other people’s super skills. This upper limit was something the clone skill couldn’t compare to. In fact, Shi Yu mainly wanted to teach Baby Ginseng and Chi Tong.

Initially, Shi Yu’s idea was that when Baby Ginseng learned plant control, it would also bring its own wood clone. The upper limit was similarly higher than ordinary clones, but Shi Yu couldn’t wait for the same problem. Now that Baby Ginseng had learned how to clone, it could let its clone self-destruct. Although its power was definitely not as strong as its main body’s self-destruction, its practicality was undoubtedly stronger. At that time, among monarchs, with this trump card, Shi Yu would quickly be invincible.

Moreover, in the future, the wooden clone that the plant controlled could also inherit the proficiency of the clone. In short, it wasn’t a loss.

At the moment, Shi Yu had already prioritized raising Baby Ginseng’s clone to the perfect level. Unfortunately, the current clone couldn’t inherit super skills yet. Even high-level skills could only be inherited to the expert level, but Shi Yu knew that it was enough to reach the transcendent level. Although it could still only inherit entry-level super skills, it was definitely enough for now.

As for why he taught Chi Tong the clone skill…

Shi Yu planned to develop more handsome combination sword moves. After all, Little Chi Tong (himself) had relatively few skills.

For example, the Infinite Converging Sword, the God Slaying Sword Formation, the Extreme Ghost Sword Art (Storm Form), and so on. They could be used after learning them. “Extreme Ghost Sword Art, Storm Stance!”

In the ruins space, a huge circular sword formation dozens of meters in diameter appeared under Shi Yu’s feet.

In the sword formation, he threw the red light sword in his hand up. In an instant, the sword spirit turned into 24 swords. 12 of them floated in the air, and the other 12 stabbed into the ground and fused into the sword formation. Boom!!!

In the next moment, the sword formation on the ground instantly erupted with a Sun Flame Vortex, forming a fire sword domain. It emitted a powerful suction, as if it wanted to devour all enemies. The 12 floating swords in the sky activated the Light Flame Sword and turned into sword lights that filled the sky. Like Phantom Sword Dance and Hundred Phoenixes crying together, they launched a fierce attack inside the sword formation.

Pa! Pa! Pa!

A moment later, Eleven, Buggy, and Baby Ginseng’s cries and clapping came from the side.

“Wuuu -“

“Wu ~2”

“Yii! Yii!” Baby Ginseng shouted. So handsome.

“Actually, there’s still room for improvement.”

Shi Yu revealed a hearty smile and said, “When we create dozens of weapons like the Ice Dragon Blade and the Heavenly Thunder Slash, we’ll let Chi Tong’s clone possess a bunch of divine swords. Then, we’ll use the power of intersection. When the ten thousand swords intersect, the power should be even stronger!!”

“I’ve already thought of the profundity name. It’s called…”

“Mi…” Little Chi Tong removed its possession state and looked at Shi Yu while panting.

Impressive, impressive, handsome, but… So tired!

“It’s better to be tired.”

Shi Yu chuckled and said, “The profundity name is…”

Boom!!! Shi Yu was interrupted again.

In the outside world, the gem cat suddenly shook the door of the ruins and shouted for Shi Yu and the others.

The corners of Shi Yu’s mouth twitched. He immediately came out and saw the gem cat pointing into the distance.

That was the direction of the Ice Dragon Snow Mountain.

The sky was gray. The snowstorm became incomparably huge. The entire snow mountain was enveloped in a snow tornado.

“Roar!!!!”

In the snowstorm, dragon roars came from time to time. Under the gathering of countless snowstorms, it seemed to have condensed into a frost dragon hundreds of meters tall that roared in the sky, swearing the return of an invincible existence.

“This is…”

Upon seeing this scene, Shi Yu was stunned. “Ice Dragon finally left the ruins.”

“Yeah, are we going over?” the gem cat said.

“Of course.” Shi Yu nodded. This time, the gem cat used Instant Transmission and teleported with Shi Yu in the direction of the Ice Dragon Ruins.

A moment later. Shi Yu and the others arrived at the Ice Dragon Ruins. At this moment, in the sky, the frost dragon was looking at the huge snow mountain in the snowstorm and couldn’t help but sigh.

“Has it already become like this in 2500?”

“Compared to back then, there’s so much less icy environments…”

“It might have been sucked dry by you guys,” a voice said.

IIII

The frost dragon looked at the arriving Shi Yu and said, “You’re here.”

“Long time no see, Mother Dragon. Have you drained the Ice River Totem dry?” Shi Yu smiled.

“Hmph, even if we ignore it, it won’t be able to revive successfully in less than a hundred years,” the frost dragon said. “This time, it’s completely drained.”

“As expected of me.” With that said, it looked at the Ice Dragon Ruins.

After a boom, the huge ruin instantly shattered. Ice Dragon picked up a red bracelet and put it on its huge claw. After the Ice Dragon Ruins collapsed, the snow and wind dispersed, and the snow mountain collapsed, falling continuously into the ice abyss underground.

Boom.

In the loud bang, the Ice Dragon said, “I’ll take away the sealed space. Since you humans can solve it yourself, I’ll leave the rest to you. I won’t worry anymore. The Ice River Totem has imprinted itself in this area. As long as there’s the power of the ice element around, it still has a chance to revive. Do you understand?”

Shi Yu nodded. It was said that the entire Icefield City was a city of ice and snow a long time ago. Now, only the Ice Dragon Snow Mountain was left. From the looks of it, it was because the Ice River Totem needed energy to revive and so it started slowly absorbing it.

But now, this revival energy had probably been wasted by Ice Dragon. If the Ice River Totem was conscious, it would probably curse.

It was very similar to logging into a game. Just as the progress bar was about 99%, the Internet card suddenly fell back to 1% for the unlucky players. “Speaking of which… Did Great General Mu Huiyin leave any family heirlooms in that sealed space?” Shi Yu suddenly looked at Ice Dragon.

The dragon tensed.

“What are you doing? She said that after I leave, these are all mine. Why, do you want to snatch them??”

Ice Dragon’s nostrils emitted cold air as it looked at Shi Yu unkindly. In order to inherit these inheritances, it had protected this place for thousands of years. Others could forget about touching it!

“I was just asking, there’s no snatching!” Shi Yu laughed. Who dared to snatch it?

Even if Dong Huang specified that all the ruins belonged to the country, it still had to depend on who had the ruins. To dare snatch from the Ice Dragon Totem, wasn’t this courting death?

All rules were established on strength.

Attacking the weak with heavy fists and being subservient to the strong. This was a law that would never change no matter where.

“However,” Ice Dragon suddenly pondered and said, “As for Chi Tong, there’s something I can give him.”

Shi Yu: “!!!”

“Chi Tong, hurry up and greet Mother Long!” The fire sword spirit was pulled out by Shi Yu in a daze as it looked at the frost dragon innocently.

“Mi…”

“Hehe.” The frost dragon looked at the timid fire sword spirit and had a bad sense of humor. “This is for you.” With that said, a set of equipment was pulled out of General Mu Huiyin’s ruins space by the frost dragon.

It was a silver female armor.

It looked simple, but it was filled with history.

Seeing this armor, the fire sword spirit instantly felt a sense of closeness that came from its bloodline. As for Shi Yu, he was slightly stunned because his third index instantly detected the material of this armor! < Name > Gemini Silver

[Attributes]: Space

< Introduction > It’s a legendary resource. It contains strong power of the sun and moon. It’s a metal mineral that can perfectly coordinate the power of the intersection.

Status: Broken

“This is Mu Huiyin’s favorite battle armor when she was alive. Although the artifact spirit has already left, the battle armor is already broken, and the internal power has dried up, the characteristics of the Coordination Strength should have been preserved a bit. I’ll give it to you,” the frost dragon said generously. “Mi!! (Thank you!)” Little Chi Tong flew up happily and received the Gemini Silver Armor.

However, after comparing the design and size, it glanced at Shi Yu and shook its head regretfully. It was too small for the armor. “Thank you!!” Shi Yu was also full of smiles. Holy shit, the legendary armor!! Gemini Silver, this was a level-nine resource, a legendary resource!! Although it was broken now, a starving camel was still bigger than a horse.

Previously, Buggy’s broken dragon ball was only level four, but wasn’t it still powerful? The reason was that its quality was high enough to explode.

The Frost Dragon was generous!

As for how to use it, Shi Yu instantly thought of

it.

At that time, he would directly let Chi Tong possess the armor. As for who would wear it… He would directly let Buggy create a humanoid version of Sister Ice Dragon or the frost version of General Mu Huiyin!

The two of them could maximize the power of the equipment!

Shi Yu named it: Profundity: Ice Dragon General Descends!

“Good sister, is there anything else you don’t need?” At this moment, the gem cat beside her couldn’t sit still anymore. Seeing that the Ice Dragon casually threw a broken level-nine legendary resource, it immediately looked forward to it.

For example, Sun Gem and Phoenix Gem.

It was also possible to exchange items. Everyone had agreed previously. The frost dragon: “No! Nothing! Mu Huiyin is very poor. She didn’t leave me anything at all! Stop thinking about it!”

Shi Yu and the gem cat stayed silent…

“By the way, Dragon Mom, let’s go to Dragon Palace City in a few days. I bumped into the son of the Dragon Palace City’s totem Sea Dragon King and the overlord general of Dragon Palace City a few days ago. I told them about you. They’re very happy. When the time comes, they’ll welcome you with the most solemn ceremony.” “I didn’t forget about you.”

Shi Yu did not forget to take credit.

The frost dragon was stunned and nodded in satisfaction.

“Not bad. I’ll go with you then, en?”

Just as it finished speaking, it looked into the distance.

Shi Yu also looked in another direction.

A silver-white flying ship that was more than ten meters long and looked like a flying dragon passed through the snow and wind and quickly flew over from afar. Seeing this strange thing that emitted dragon might, the frost dragon immediately narrowed its eyes. What the hell was this?

Shi Yu also looked over.

The index immediately displayed information on this thing.

[Name]: Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast (Flying Dragon Ship Form)

[Attributes]: Machinery, Dragon

[Race Level]: Mid-level overlord

(Level of Growth]: Monarch Level

Energy Points: 7.5 million < Introduction > The only mechanical race created for Mechanic Gao Xuan. “Gao Xuan?” After being slightly stunned, Shi Yu immediately recalled. Wasn’t this name the legendary captain of the school team from Imperial Capital University, the previous national champion, the genius Mechanic from the fourth round?

Together with Senior Lu, Zou Tianwang, and the others, they were known as young geniuses with legendary aptitudes. “I’ve seen it all now.” This was the first time the frost dragon had seen a mechanical life form. It couldn’t help but be very curious.

A moment later, the flying ship arrived above the Ice Dragon Ruins. A few figures were teleported down from the flying ship.

A figure appeared beside Shi Yu. Shi Yu took a look. President Feng, Master Lin, Commander He, Commander Wang, even Principal Feng and Senior Lu were there!

“Shi Yu, Teacher Ying,” Senior Lu said when she saw that Shi Yu and the gem cat were also here.

“Senior Lu, this is…”

Lu Qingyi said, “I didn’t expect it to be such a coincidence. We just returned to Ping Cheng when Senior Ice Dragon came out. This is the Mechanical Master sent by the fourth bureau to assist us in completely annihilating the Ice River Totem, Gao Xuan.”

Shi Yu looked over and saw that after teleporting Principal Feng and the others down, the silver-white flying dragon battleship in the sky began to transform. Like a Transformer, it gradually turned into a huge mechanical beast and mecha in the form of a dragonman!!

A moment later, the chest of the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast was opened. A black-haired young man in a fusion state with the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast walked out. On the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast’s one hand, the two parties landed on the ground. At this moment, Shi Yu looked over again. The energy value of the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast had already fallen to 4 million. He couldn’t help but analyze in his heart. It looked like the level of this mechanical beast’s loading and fusion skill was very high. Moreover, this Gao Xuan most likely had a big secret. He could actually increase the mechanical beast’s energy by so much.

However, wasn’t this Gao Xuan also a master? Shi Yu originally thought that a legend would be sent to assist in the fourth bureau, but he didn’t expect it to be someone his age.

After Gao Xuan landed, he silently glanced at Shi Yu and the gem cat. After nodding, he looked at Ice Dragon. “Hello, Senior Ice Dragon.” “Wait, you humans only sent such a little brat to assist in destroying the Ice River Totem??” The frost dragon looked at Gao Xuan in surprise.

This guy looked to be the same age as Shi Yu!

Moreover, although this mechanical dragonman looked strange, the frost dragon didn’t feel that it was very strong! Were humans tricking it? Gao Xuan said, “Senior Ice Dragon, to be precise, it’s a forbidden weapon we’re carrying.” “That’s a small, weakened forbidden weapon, but it can stir the power of nature and grow on its own by absorbing the power of the sun. When it falls, it will stir the power of the sun to permanently change the environment of an area and form a sea of fire. Because the flames produced during its explosion are similar to that of a rose, it’s also known as the ‘Rose of the Sun’.”

“With the Rose of the Sun, it can easily and permanently change the environment of the Ice Dragon Ruins, completely cutting off the possibility of the Ice River Totem reviving.” “Please believe in its power. Now, it’s already an era of machinery.”

“Yes, yes.” Principal Feng and the others smiled.

“I originally wanted to activate a normal forbidden weapon, but because you advanced to a totem, you absorbed all the power of the Ice River Totem. According to my analysis, the Sun Rose should be enough,” Lu Qingyi said with a nod. President Feng and the others nodded crazily. In this way, the impact on the surrounding cities could be reduced to the lowest.

Ice Dragon was stunned and looked at Shi Yu.

Shi Yu was also stunned.

He fell into deep thought and was thinking about other things. So, could the members of the fourth bureau carry nuclear bombs with them??

This was too much. If this Gao Xuan couldn’t defeat him in the National League and brought a small forbidden weapon, how could he play! Oh, Baby Ginseng wasn’t bad either. Then it was fine. He hoped that the National League wouldn’t become a self-destruction competition…