Chapter 262 - The Strongest Beast Tamer In Icefield City

Chapter 262: The Strongest Beast Tamer in Icefield City

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator:

Atlas Studios

Editor:

Atlas Studios

At Shi Yu’s house.

The gem cat was still watching the television leisurely.

This time, the television program changed from Digimon to a Card Captor Sakura.

At the side, Lin Xiuzhu was sitting cross-legged on the carpet.

On her legs was a panda the size of a cat [Eleven].

She kept rubbing Eleven’s body with her hands, and the golden light in her hands continued to flow into Eleven’s body.

Metal-element strengthening talent!

Metal-element nurturing method!

It was created by a general of the Iron-eating Beast Tribe under the command of Emperor Wu. It was used to stimulate and purify the Iron-eating Beast’s bloodline, and it could efficiently strengthen the power of metal-type pets.

“”Wuu.”

Eleven lay on Lin Xiuzhu’s thigh in enjoyment, making Shi Yu, who was beside him, sigh.

No wonder in his previous life, so many people wanted to become pandas, cats, and dogs, shouting obscure words like “humans are inferior to cats” and “humans are inferior to dogs”. So it was true. There were really people who lived worse than pets!

“Let’s rest and have some tea.”

Shi Yu squeezed the juice of the spiritual fruit made by Baby Ginseng and made tea before bringing it to Senior Panda and the gem cat.

“Thank you.”

Lin Xiuzhu smiled and patted Eleven’s head before drinking fruit tea with it.

‘The gem cat’s cup was teleported in front of it.

Shi Yu also picked up a cup and gulped it down.

At the same time, Shi Yu glanced at Eleven.

He discovered that during the activation of the royal bloodline, Eleven’s energy increase speed was not inferior to him adding points of racial skills.

After its bloodline power was purified, its physical strength increased, and naturally, its energy value increased.

“I wonder how long it will take to nurture it to activate the bloodline… But from the looks of it, it doesn’t seem to be a bad thing to nurture it for a long time?”

Shi Yu analyzed in his heart.

“Oh, right.” Lin Xiuzhu put down the teacup and glanced at Shi Yu.

“Isn’t it still the holidays? Aren’t you going to class?”

“Uh.” Shi Yu choked. Why did he mention class for no reason?

It was quite unlucky. During the period when Shi Yu was trapped in the Emperor Wu Ruins, more than half of the semester passed.

If he went back to class now, it would also be the end of the semester. Why would he go back? To fail the exam?

Since he had already skipped class, he would carry it out to the end.

“Tm not going. In any case, apart from a few classes in my first year, the rest are basically useless to me,” Shi Yu said.

In his previous life, he selectively learnt only what he wanted. What he came into contact with had always been mythical history regarded by his peers as unscientific and frivolous things.

Compared to Earth, which viewed myths as ethereal things, there were too many archeologists here. The history of the Mythical Era was the domain that all archeologists and even Beast Tamers wanted to explore the most.

“ah, forget it. As long as you’re happy,” said the panda senior.

“Tch.” The gem cat finished drinking the fruit juice and was sure that Shi Yu was very happy.

Who would be willing to go to work and attend classes if they could slack off?

According to its many years of experience, those who dared to brazenly skip classes in Ancient Capital University would most likely become big bosses in the future.

Did a powerful archeologist become strong through studying?

No!

Through courting death!

“Stop talking about me. That Beast Tamer Troops… The Iron-eating Beast Army Plan. How’s the progress?” Shi Yu changed the topic.

Initially, the subsequent people wanted Shi Yu to be in charge of this plan to strengthen Shi Yu’s foundation in the military. This would also be beneficial to Shi Yu in the future, but he directly rejected them.

Aplan that had yet to take shape… If they couldn’t find Yun An, this plan would be equivalent to wasting time. It would be a waste of time to take responsibility.

“Ah, it might still be a while… I guess we’ll start after the matters at the Ice Dragon Snow Mountain are settled,” Lin Xiuzhu said.

“That’s soon. What are Uncle Lin and the others doing recently? Clearing the snow mountain?”

“Yes.” Lin Xiuzhu nodded. “We need to deepen the development of a large area of resources, then drive and settle a group of transcendent creatures, but I wonder how their progress is.”

Now, the Ice Dragon had advanced to the totem level. As a dragon that had received the reward of the Time Emperor and had time-type skills, even at the peak of the Ice River Totem, it would probably be very difficult for it to defeat the Ice Dragon.

However, as an ice-element totem, even if the Ice River Totem was at its last breath and extremely weak, and had yet to successfully revive, it was very difficult for the ice dragon to completely kill it.

If they wanted to completely eliminate the possibility of the Ice River Totem reviving, they had to permanently change the environment around the Ice Dragon Ruins. Only then would the Ice River Totem be slowly destroyed.

Apart from totems of other attributes, only mechanical weapons could do this.

‘The Dong Huang Association decided to send a member of the fourth bureau to carry a small forbidden weapon and permanently transform the Ice Dragon Ruins of the Ice Dragon Snow Mountain into a flaming area. Before doing this, the resources and transcendent creatures in the surrounding area

definitely had to be reaped and dealt with.

At the moment, the Beast Tamer Troops in Ping Cheng were carrying out this mission.

“Then I’ll go over to take a look in the afternoon and get some air,” Shi Yu said.

“Huh? You’re going to the snow mountain?”

“Yes, I want to climb over the snow mountain and take a look at the place close to the sea.”

Shi Yu realized that apart from Buggy being better at materializing snowstorms and thunderstorms in Imagination, its ability in materializing deep seas and volcanoes was relatively crude.

It was mainly because of its knowledge.

Buggy had gone to the Ice Dragon Snow Mountain and personally crossed the snowstorm. It had also seen the thunderstorm Eleven attracted and could even use Eleven’s Lightning Rod as a materialization equipment. It was naturally not a problem to simulate these.

However, as it had never come into contact with the deep sea and had only come into contact with lakes and waterfalls, it was still relatively troublesome to create the deep sea.

Moreover, Buggy had never come into contact with many pets living in the ocean. It couldn’t even create sparring partners that were more interesting and from the deep sea. Eleven and the others were almost tired of fighting the Dragon Carp to evolve every day.

In addition, as he was going to Dragon Palace City soon, Shi Yu wanted to let Eleven and the others come into contact with the sea as soon as possible so that they wouldn’t show their fear when the time came. At least Baby Ginseng didn’t know how to swim. Shi Yu remembered that.

It was fine if it couldn’t fly, but it couldn’t swim either. It was too much.

“This… is a little dangerous.” Senior Panda was stunned.

“It’s not dangerous, not dangerous. I’ll drag Teacher Cat along,” Shi Yu said.

“Oh right.”

The gem cat:??

Did it even say yes?

After carrying out the devil training method for two days, Shi Yu’s four pets were much more energetic. However, Shi Yu felt that it was a pity that the teaching success rate still didn’t change much. It looked like the training of willpower was a long way off.

wal! “Wout!!!” “vil! vi

After lunch, when they heard that they were going to see the sea, the four pets cheered.

Eleven was celebrating, Its idea was that the Deep Sea Training Grounds could be even more realistic and cruel soon. Great, it was one step closer to the overlord’s will.

Buggy, Baby Ginseng, and Chi Tong were cheering. They could finally take half a day off.

However, soon, when they thought that they were going to replicate the training ground this time, they couldn’t help but cry again.

“This time, we’ll fly over together and test our training results.”

“Chi Tong and I will fuse. Eleven, you use the Electric Magnetic Floating. Buggy, you fly yourself. Baby Ginseng, you… You sit on the flying carpet with Teacher Ying. It will deliberately reduce the defense facilities to let you experience the snowstorm.”

Ginseng Baby: QAQ

It wanted to learn plant control quickly.

At that time, it could transform its battle aura… No, its energy into wings and condense equipment like the Leaf Wings.

Although the transcendent Multiplication Skill had a slight function of plant control, the changes were still much smaller than super skills.

Baby Ginseng had specially learned in class that when plant control was mastered to a high proficiency, it could even awaken ordinary plants into transcendent life like the Awakening Talent and the Awakening Mirror.

Baby Ginseng was looking forward to it!

In the moming, after Senior Panda finished massaging Eleven, Shi Yu and the others started to set off for the Ice Dragon Snow Mountain in the afternoon.

Shi Yu and the others couldn’t be bothered to follow the procedures. They directly passed through the city wall through Instant Transmission.

Soon, a few figures appeared in the sky of the Ice Dragon Snow Mountain.

Red-haired, Chi Tong, and Shi Yu, who was wearing the Flame Demon Armor, flew at the front.

Beside him, Eleven’s body was filled with weak white lightning as it flew to Shi Yu’s left.

As for Buggy, it flapped its wings and flew to Shi Yu’s right with the snowstorm on its weak body.

Although Buggy could rely on the Dragon of Imagination to obtain a physique comparable to a divine dragon, its physical strength in its normal state was actually still that of a worm.

It was very weak and basically couldn’t withstand two moves. It couldn’t compare to Eleven, so there was no harm in training. After all, the higher the basic attributes, the better the effect after being strengthened by the skill.

Behind Shi Yu and the others, the gem cat lay on the Psychic Flying Carpet and dozed off to supervise Baby Ginseng. The group quickly entered the snowstorm area.

“Wait

However, as they flew, Shi Yu suddenly shouted, making everyone stop.

Now, Chi Tong had also been taught super vision, absolute sleep, multiplication, and other skills by Shi Yu.

Under its possession, Shi Yu could naturally obtain some enhancements in skills. With his super vision, Shi Yu quickly discovered that there was a camp stationed in the snowstorm area in front.

From the markings, it seemed to be the Beast Tamer Troops of Ping Cheng.

“What a coincidence.” Shi Yu was surprised. Then, he said, “Let’s go over and greet him.”

“Wuu ~”

Eleven and the others nodded. The gem cat naturally didn’t mind. At the same time, it said, “They seem to be in trouble.”

“Huh?” Shi Yu was slightly stunned.

Soon, Shi Yu landed.

He had discovered the Beast Tamer Troops, but the Beast Tamer Troops didn’t discover him immediately. The detection effect of transcendent super vision was still strong. Although it wasn’t as powerful as the super-level Heavenly Eye that supervised the vocation assessment, it wasn’t bad either.

Shi Yu and the others landed. Shi Yu exited his possession form, Little Chi Tong turned into the Little Red Sparrow’s spiritual body and landed on Shi Yu’s shoulder. It used his beak to tend to its red soul feather.

“Who is it!”

As Shi Yu and the others approached, the soldiers patrolling nearby reacted. A few young men in blue camouflage clothes immediately led a few snow wolves to surround them!

However, when they saw Shi Yu’s appearance and the few pets beside him, they were quickly stunned.

“Tm Shi Yu. Are Commander Wang Meng and Commander He Biao around?” Shi Yu asked.

“Professor Shi Yu?!” The soldiers were stunned. After confirming Shi Yu’s identity, they immediately stood at attention and saluted. With surprise and respect in their eyes, they said, “Professor Shi Yu. Commander Wang, Commander He are all here!”

At that moment, Shi Yu, who had cracked the Ice Dragon Ruins, was a popular person in Icefield City. The soldiers of the Beast Tamer Troops who were basically stationed near the Ice Dragon Snow Mountain had all seen Shi Yu’s photo.

Perhaps they didn’t know about Shi Yu’s other deeds, but just the fact that he had discovered the truth of the history of Icefield City was enough to make Shi Yu famous in the Icefield.

At that moment, although Shi Yu was still a student, this group of soldiers used the title of professor to express their respect for Shi Yu’s identity.

Soon, the boorish Commander Wang Meng, Commander He Biao, and Master Lin came over. Shi Yu quite admired Master Lin. As the richest man in Ping Cheng, theoretically speaking, it was enough for him to just rest at home. However, every time the Beast Tamer Troops had important missions, he

would rush to the front line. He was also considered a ruthless person. Not only did he love the pandas, but he also loved Ping Cheng.

“shi Yu? Why are you here?” Hall Master Lin was surprised when he saw Shi Yu.

“Holy shit, isn’t this Brother Shi Yu?” The uncultured Deputy Commander He Biao said. He had been cursing since the Ping Cheng ruins.

“Uh.” Commander Wang Meng’s attention was on the gem cat on the flying carpet behind Shi Yu. After many years of life and death experience, he vaguely felt that this cat that looked like it was raising a noble was a little scary.

“Came out for some air and train,” Shi Yu said.

Everyone :”…”

Especially those soldiers of the Beast Tamer Troops. The corners of their mouths twitched. Coming to such a dangerous place to train alone was ridiculous.

“Uncle Lin, did you encounter any difficulties?” Shi Yu asked.

Lin Hongnian, Wang Meng, and Commander He Biao looked at each other.

Then, he looked at Shi Yu and said, “How do you know… I did encounter a little trouble.”

“How can I help?” Shi Yu asked.

“This…” Hall Master Lin was just about to say that Shi Yu couldn’t help much, but suddenly, he saw the gem cat in surprise.

After thinking about it, he still explained, “We’re currently sweeping the resources in the designated area and chasing away the ferocious beasts. It was originally quite smooth, but a level-seven resource was accidentally born in an area. Earth Mystic Ice.”

“Level-seven resource??” Shi Yu was stunned.

‘What kind of dog shit luck was this in Ping Cheng? The price of a level-seven resource was rarely lower than 100 million. It was a resource that was very useful for overlord-level pets. Meeting a level-seven resource in a place like the Ice Dragon Snow Mountain was simply like picking up money for

nothing.

“I’s a good thing, What’s wrong?” Shi Yu pressed.

“I’s a good thing…” Hall Master Lin smiled bitterly and said,” But the problem is that we weren’t the first to discover it. There were four powerful monarch-level ferocious beasts in the Ice Dragon Snow Mountain. They also discovered the Earth Mystic Ice long ago and died guarding that side. They should

have reached some kind of agreement and absorbed it together. As long as we get close, that side will be extremely hostile, and the deterrence will wrap around the snowstorm. ”

“Although we also have four monarch-level pets here, but…” Lin Hongnian secretly glanced at Wang and Commander He.

It was clear as day.

Commander Wang Meng and Commander He: !!

“Those four monarch-level ferocious beasts are all relatively powerful ferocious beasts in the Ice Dragon Snow Mountain. They are all monarch races. If we fight, there will definitely be some injuries. Our military strength isn’t very strong, so we’re making plans to return to Ping Cheng and contact the city

to send reinforcements.”

Commander Wang Meng and Commander He Biao were actually relatively ordinary masters. There was only one monarch-level pet.

It might not necessarily be a monarch race.

When faced with such a situation, there was really a little pressure.

However, a level-seven resource definitely couldn’t be let go.

If Ping Cheng couldn’t handle it, he would let the Icefield Association handle it.

“Tsee. That’s easy. Leave it to me,” Shi Yu said indifferently. “Is it over there?”

He looked to the south where the aura he had sensed was the strongest.

“Huh?”

Commander Wang Meng and Commander He Biao were stunned and couldn’t react.

Instead, Hall Master Lin looked at the gem cat with a thieving gaze and said, “Can you, Lord Ying? You take the majority of the gains!!”

“By the way, this is the guardian overlord of Ancient Capital University, Teacher Ying who once participated in the Ancient Capital’s Undead Disaster 100 years ago. It’s the guardian of Ancient Capital University and is very strong.”

Hall Master Lin hurriedly introduced it to the two commanders, telling them to be more tactful and cozy up to him.

Although the army had the priority to deal with and explore the resources discovered by the Beast Tamer Troops first, in this situation, if the gem cat was willing to help, it was completely fine to let it take the majority.

“This!” Commander Wang and Commander He were shocked.

Holy shit.

They widened their eyes and looked at the gem cat on the flying carpet.

Overlord level?!

“Twant to.” The gem cat licked its claws. It was just four monarch-level ferocious beasts, so it naturally didn’t care much. It didn’t even blink when it encountered more than ten monarch-level undead in the Undead Battlefield, let alone now.

However, while others couldn’t hear Shi Yu’s tone, how could it not?

Shi Yu clearly wanted to do it himself.

How could Shi Yu, who had monarch-level battle power now, hand such a good thing to it??

No more love.

Shi Yu was no longer the guy who cowered when he encountered monarch-level ferocious beasts.

“It’s in that direction, right? If you can’t handle it, T’ll back you up?” The gem cat asked Shi Yu.

No matter how small a mosquito was, it was still meat. It still had to save money to buy resources to break through to the totem level

Shi Yu chuckled and the cat’s face fell.

Everyone:

“Let’s go take a look. Commander Wang, Commander He, Uncle Lin, want to go over together?”

“Ah.” The three of them naturally had to go over.

In a moment, Buggy’s Psychic Domain wrapped around everyone and used Group Teleport, leaving behind a group of stunned soldiers.

In the snowstorm area of the Ice Dragon Snow Mountain, in a huge ice and snow cave that connected to the underground, four monarch-level ferocious beasts surrounded a huge nail-shaped ice that connected the ground to the top of the cave, absorbing the energy of the ice.

Blue Sea Ruins:?

A moment later, deterrence erupted from their bodies. The four ferocious beasts revealed ferocious gazes and looked outside the cave.

Originally… it was already bad enough that they couldn’t enjoy the resource alone. Now that humans came to disturb them one after another, the four ferocious beasts no longer had a good temper.

If it weren’t for the fact that they were afraid of Hall Master Lin and the others’ monarch-level pets, they would have long attacked and not just released a deterrence warning.

“Roar!

Outside the cave, Shi Yu and the others were teleported over. At the same time, four ferocious snow beasts appeared from the cave.

It looked like a reindeer, an ice-blue Iceberg Ridge Beast with two homs like white snow mountains.

There was also the Frost Snow King, who was tall like a snowman and a snow monster, covered in white ice and snow and had narrowed blood-colored eyes.

There was one that had a light blue body, a white-spotted body that looked like a snow leopard, and a pair of eye-catching ice wings. It was the White Winged Sky Lord.

There was also a cloud-type creature that lingered in the air. It looked like a white snow cloud and a tornado, the Ice Curtain Cloud.

The four ferocious beasts were all monarch races and monarchs. The moment they appeared, Shi Yu’s index jumped crazily, showing that their energy levels were not lower than 1.5 million.

Generally speaking, the energy value of a monarch race at the monarch level was about 1 million according to the normal state.

As for the lowest energy value of an overlord race, the monarch level, it was about two million.

Of course, this referred to the lower limit and the normal situation where they had never trained much. As for wanting to gain more strength, they had to rely on themselves, either to increase their racial skills or to use various rare resources.

Shi Yu heard that the guardian monarch of Icefield City, that Aunt Ancient Tree of Life, had a fortuitous encounter. Its energy even exceeded five million. As just a monarch race, it crushed all the overlord races.

These four wild ferocious beasts could survive a few snow mountain sweeps. Their abilities were clearly not weak. No wonder Hall Master Lin and the others were also very afraid.

“Roar!!!”

At this moment, the White Winged Sky Lord was the first to roar, staring at Hall Master Lin and the others who had arrived again with a ruthless gaze.

A substantial deterrence directly erupted. It was actually a perfect deterrence.

Under the deterrence, the snow and wind were crushed. The sky was white. The snow clouds seemed to have missed a big hole, and the snow was like a knife. Just from its deterrence, it could be seen that its length was above the pets of Hall Master Lin and the others.

“Holy shit.”

Seeing that this White Wings Sky Lord was so unstable and the deterrence power was even stronger than before, Old He directly cursed. They had yet to start fighting.

With that said, he looked at the gem cat, wanting to see the overlord-level big boss attack.

However, they realized that Shi Yu really seemed to want to do it himself.

“Didn’t you eat lunch? Such weak deterrence…” Shi Yu asked.

Blue Sea Ruins:?

As the deterrence came, Shi Yu was the quickest. Ripples appeared in front of him.

Then, shocking cold air spewed out. A blue divine sword slowly appeared from the alternate space. Shi Yu directly raised his hand and held it in his hand.

“Roar!

A terrifying dragon roar emitted from the sword, as well as a terrifying dragon might that swept out. The powerful ice and snow dragon might instantly collided with the deterrence of the White Winged Sky Lord and squeezed. The terrifying dragon might attacked, making the pupils of the four pets

opposite instantly shrink.

Crack!

The two deterrence forces shattered in mid-air. The four pets showed wary expressions and didn’t continue to release deterrence.

The source of deterrence in the Ice Dragon Blade was the level-seven dragon whisker that the Ice Dragon had given Shi Yu that allowed him to walk around casually in the snow mountain with the Ice Dragon Might. At this moment, the four Ice Snow Monarchs that often sensed the dragon might emitted

from the Ice Dragon Ruins realized they were facing dragon might. How could they not be afraid? After all, they had all grown up trembling under the dragon might.

Not only them, but Commander Wang, Commander He, and Hall Master Lin also widened their eyes. Holy shit, what was this?

It didn’t look like a pet… But.

Looking at the Ice Snow Divine Sword in Shi Yu’s hand that emitted dragon might, after the three old men were shocked, their gazes lit up in unison as they understood.

This was an extremely high-level spiritual equipment!! It was at least level-seven!!

Otherwise, it was impossible for it to resist a monarch-level deterrence so easily!

[Rich guy!]

Commander Wang and Commander He were immediately shocked.

Even Hall Master Lin licked his lips. Shi Yu was really generous. Investing in money to nurture pets and investing in money to buy and build inanimate equipment without growth… Normal people would choose the former.

“The Earth Mystic Ice is fated to be mine. Do you want to leave yourselves, or do you want me to send you away?” With both hands holding the sword, Shi Yu stabbed the Ice Dragon Blade into the ground. Shi Yu placed his hands on the sword hilt and looked at the four monarch-level ferocious beasts

quietly.

“Roar!!!”

“Roar!!!”

Shi Yu was telepathic, so the four ferocious beasts naturally understood its words. They couldn’t help but reveal unfriendly gazes.

Impossible!!!

If it were ordinary times, they might have walked around Shi Yu, but the ice inside was a huge opportunity for their strength to increase. Not only could it strengthen their ice-clement power, but there might also be a chance to transform their ice-element energy into ice to obtain new super skills. How

could they give up!

“Don’t let them go. These four guys participated in the beast tide ten years ago,” Lin Hongnian shouted.

Shi Yu was stunned and immediately said, “I understand. They can’t escape and will get themselves killed.”

“Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong, distribute the opponents and end the battle quickly,” Shi Yu said from the side.

Commander Wang, Commander He, and Hall Master Lin:??

The three masters were stunned when they heard Shi Yu’s words.

“Wuu!” In the next moment, Eleven slowly walked forward.

“Wu ~” Buggy also nodded and flew forward.

“Yi ~” Baby Ginseng was the same. It jumped down from the flying carpet with an invincible expression and posed coquettishly, its sweetness spreading.

“Screech ~” Chi Tong flew up from Shi Yu’s shoulder without hesitation.

Ice Dragon Snow Mountain F4:??

The four ferocious beasts looked at the little Iron-eating Beast, Butterfly, Baby Ginseng, and Little Red Sparrow that walked out with confused expressions.

Even with their wild nature, they could sense that the strength of these four guys was pitifully weak. They couldn’t compare to them and were far inferior to the Ice Dragon Blade in Shi Yu’s hand.

However, although the power didn’t pose a threat, in the next moment, the four ferocious beasts noticed Baby Ginseng. Their gazes couldn’t help but slowly become serious, and the more they looked, the more serious they became. Until saliva subconsciously flowed out of the corners of their mouths.

This.

“Roar!!!” The Snow Wings Sky Lord was the smartest. As the cells all over its body trembled, it widened its eyes and roared.

Impossible!!

Why was this ginseng baby.

Inan instant, its brain exploded, and its thoughts changed. It analyzed a huge matter that would affect its life!

It didn’t need the black ice… but this ginseng baby… It had to eat it!

“Roar!!!” The Frost Monster’s blood-colored eyes also opened, and it subconsciously swallowed its saliva.

“Roar ~!!!” The Iceberg beast was in a riot. It instantly felt that the ice inside was no longer fragrant.

Even the elemental creature, Ice Curtain Cloud, was very shocked. For some reason, it suddenly felt that this ginseng baby was more attractive to it than the elemental resource, Earth Mystic Ice.

‘The Ice Curtain Cloud that was supposed to snow started to rain like drool.

In an instant, the four monarch -level ferocious beasts seemed to have lost their minds.

In the next moment, the four pets on Shi Yu’s side also obeyed Shi Yu’s command and started to take medicine.

Buggy directly took out the Time Fruit x4 from the spatial pocket and instantly teleported them in front of Eleven and the others.

Awhite Time Fruit the size of a peanut appeared in Eleven’s hand. Chi Tong and Baby Ginseng had also received a similar sized one, and Buggy had left itself the smallest one.

In the next moment, the four of them ate the Time Fruit together.

“Uh…”

At the same time, the four ferocious beasts pounced over crazily.

All of them headed towards Baby Ginseng. At this moment, the attraction on Baby Ginseng’s body had reached the extreme. Even the four ferocious beasts couldn’t bear to use their skills, afraid that Baby Ginseng’s delicate body would be broken and it wouldn’t be delicious anymore!

Now, they only wanted to swallow it in one bite.

The four monarch-level ferocious beasts had never thought that they would be so delicate and gentle when it came to a resource.

“Roar!”

“Roar!!!”

At this moment, the expressions of the three masters in Ping Cheng changed. However, in the next moment, what made their expressions change was that incomparably huge and shocking violent auras erupted from Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, and Chi Tong, exploding like volcanoes!

“Boom!” Although Eleven still maintained its Iron-eating Beast form, its body instantly surged with power that seemed to have been compressed to the extreme. Then, it suddenly exploded. Lightning wrapped around its body, making it look like a thunder god.

“Wuu!!!”

Eleven roared and opened its eyes. Lightning seemed to shoot out of its mouth and eyes.

Zi Zi Zi Zi Zi!!!

Its figure directly disappeared from the spot, leaving a charred pit. When it appeared again, it had already appeared above the two-meter-tall Iceberg Ridge Beast.

At this moment, the Iceberg Ridge Beast was stepping on the ice and snow to attack, but in the next moment, its pupils suddenly constricted, and its gaze was shocked to the extreme. Just as it was about to turn around and look up, a huge impact had already descended!

Time seemed to have frozen. At this moment, Eleven’s speed made the Iceberg Ridge Beast unable to react at all. Eleven, who had its hands clenched into fists, directly gave the monarch a Thunder God Hammer from top to bottom with the power of lightning!

Boom!!!

Under the attack, the snow under the feet of the Iceberg Spine instantly disappeared. A huge hole more than ten meters in diameter appeared with a bang. As the Iceberg Spine’s body fell apart, it was like a blue stream of light that was hammered into the underground abyss!

On the other side, the Frost Snow King’s gaze was also instantly filled with extreme horror. The place it was standing at was also above the huge hole. However, it was floating in the sky at this moment. Its entire body was controlled by a wave of Psychic power, and its body was filled with a blue Psychic

power that was like a chaotic stream.

The Frost Snow King kept struggling, and its body kept deforming, Its begging gaze met the Imagination Butterfly opposite it, but in the next moment, Buggy directly strengthened its Psychic power. With a bang, the Frost Snow King’s entire body was instantly crushed by the Psychic power, turning into

snow and wind that scattered in all directions.

In mid-air, the White Wing Sky Lord, who was flying with its wings spread, almost instantly calmed down. How could it still be obsessed with the ginseng baby in front of it? At this moment, its body was warned to the extreme. It only wanted to escape now. However, although it was the fastest of the

four ferocious beasts, when it reacted, it was still too late. A golden pillar of light had already penetrated its head.

Beneath the hole in its head was the incomprehensible gaze of the White Wings Sky Lord. In its vision, the ginseng baby that emitted a fragrance had six-pointed stars spinning in its pupils. It was pointing at it with its finger, and there were still the afterimages of light in the air.

The most miserable was the Ice Curtain Cloud. Opposite it, the sparrow-sized Chi Tong only casually flapped its wings. Then, with a whoosh, dazzling orange-red light spread. The sun in the sky shone to the extreme. A huge solar wind storm was formed by the energy released by Chi Tong’s body, and

then it tumed into a heat wave that attacked the Ice Curtain Cloud.

Even if the Ice Curtain Cloud instantly raised its strength to the extreme, when the power of ice and snow touched the Sun Flame, the ice and snow still instantly tumed into a pool of snow water. Almost instantly, the Ice Curtain Cloud disappeared from the world.

They wanted to end the battle quickly. Ina short exchange, the four powerful monarch-level ferocious beasts all lost their life characteristics, leaving Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, and Chi Tong behind to watch the aftermath of the battle.

At this moment, the gem cat was alright, but Lin Hongnian, Commander Wang Meng, Commander He Biao, and the others behind Shi Yu opened their mouths to the extreme. Their eyes wanted to pop out as they looked at everything in disbelief.

“Tt could have been easier, but he had to go through so much trouble,” the gem cat muttered.

Just now, Shi Yu’s four pets had used the Time Fruit and obtained some of the power after breaking through.

Although he didn’t know how much all their strength was after breaking through, after using the Time Fruit to stimulate their strength just now, each of them had more than 3 million energy points. The ginseng baby with the best effect of absorbing the Time Fruit even reached nearly 4 million. It was

ridiculously high, and the one with the lowest strength was more than twice the monarch in front of it.

In addition, their skill proficiency didn’t have any shortcomings. In an instant, this scene that shattered the values of the three masters of Ping Cheng appeared. The three masters of Ping Cheng stuttered as they looked at all of this, instantly losing their ability to speak!

{Not bad.]

[However, it’s not the limit.]

Shi Yu looked at all of this and nodded. After all, this was the result of Baby Ginseng controlling the strength of the Time Fruit, and it wasn’t the Time Fruit that it condensed with all its might! Shi Yu naturally knew Eleven and the others’ potential.

If Baby Ginseng transformed itself into a Time Fruit and let Eleven and the others eat it, Eleven and the others would probably instantly obtain overlord-level battle power and crush everything. It wouldn’t be as simple as a simple monarch level.

Unfortunately, Baby Ginseng was too weak at the moment. The level of the Time Fruit was limited. The greater the increase in the level of the pet, the greater the price. The price of using the commander level to stimulate all its potential to enter the overlord level was that Baby Ginseng had to completely

sacrifice itself. Eleven and the others would also die after this.

Shi Yu definitely couldn’t accept this. Baby Ginseng could revive, but Eleven and the others couldn’t.

But even so, Shi Yu, who had this trump card, could currently be called a top-notch master!

The so-called top-notch master was the Beast Tamer at level 5 and 6 of the Beast Taming Space. His battle power could temporarily fight against overlord-level creatures!

It was at the level of Senior Lu, Zou Tianwang, and the others.

At the moment, although the price of Shi Yu resisting the overlord was a little high, it had to be known that Eleven and the others had yet to really enter the monarch level. If they waited until their growth level really stepped into the monarch level before eating the Time Fruit to stimulate their potential

and temporarily obtain the power to resist the overlord, the price might not be as terrifying as death.

The will of an overlord, the level of a monarch… At the moment, he still lacked the will of an overlord. As long as he fulfilled these conditions, Shi Yu had enough strength to wander around. He could go to the ruins that he didn’t dare to explore previously.

“This, this, this, this…” At the moment, the three masters of Ping Cheng had yet to react. Lin Hongnian was extremely shocked. He didn’t understand why Shi Yu, who was still a Beast Tamer intern a year ago, had his strength increase at such a godly speed.

“Shi Yu, you…”

“Uh.” Shi Yu scratched his head and said, “Sort of a cheat.”

“Maybe I’d be banned if this were a game.”

The three masters:???

‘The three masters looked over. In the next moment, the Iron-eating Beast, the Imagination Butterfly, Baby Ginseng, and Chi Tong that had flaunted their might just now directly withered. They fell to the ground and fainted.

‘The Four Holy Beasts: “Zzz ~”

Of course, Shi Yu knew that this was the side effect of the Time Fruit. However, because Eleven and the others could break through to the monarch level at any time, they were only suppressing their levels at the moment. This side effect of jumping levels was almost equivalent to none. As long as they

slept for a few minutes and healed at a high speed, they could eliminate the side effect.

The three masters opened their mouths slightly. They couldn’t understand.

Shi Yu smiled and didn’t explain too much. The Time Fruit wasn’t very useful to the three masters, so he didn’t sell it. They didn’t have overlord race pets, nor did they have young monarch race pets. They were also at the peak of their prime. No matter how strong the Time Fruit was, it was useless to

them. Its current use was even inferior to a nutrient.

This skill, when used on the user, was best used on a high potential pet like Shi Yu, who had a bunch of overlord potential.

“Let’s go in and take a look at the Earth Mystic Ice,” Shi Yu said. At the same time, the four pets in Absolute Sleep were taken back by Shi Yu to rest in the Beast Taming Space. He planned to let them out in ten minutes.

“Ah… Alright.” Facing Shi Yu, the three masters were a little stunned, especially Commander Wang Meng and Commander He. Previously, Shi Yu only had a high status, but now, with Shi Yu’s battle power, he could completely rank in the top five in Icefield City, alright?

There weren’t many top-notch masters in the entire Icefield City, but Shi Yu’s strength was definitely above all the ordinary masters in Icefield City. Which ordinary master-level Beast Tamer in Icefield City dared to say that they could instantly kill four monarch-level ferocious beasts?

Perhaps before long, Shi Yu would become the strongest in Icefield City. The three of them were silent… They were curious about how the Beast Tamers in the historical legends were compared to Shi Yu. In any case, they felt that those ordinary legends were inferior to Shi Yu!

On the opposite side of the Ice Dragon Snow Mountain, in the endless sea.

Deep Sea Dragon Palace City.

Ina dazzling hall, a huge green divine dragon roared inside, its anger causing the endless sea to tremble.

“Lord Sea Dragon King, calm down, calm down, calm down…”

A thousand-year-old turtle was sweating heavily, advising this lord not to be angry.

“Calm down my ass. I told you to look after that guy. Where’s the dragon??”

“The Dragon Palace banquet is about to begin. The sea beasts in the surrounding sea are all heading to Dragon Palace City. What does it mean by sneaking out at this time??”

“With its trouble-maker physique, there will definitely be a problem. An unlucky person will definitely be beaten up by it again!”

“Ah, this… Lord Sea Dragon King, please calm down. It’s all my fault. The crown prince is just playful. Perhaps, he’ll come back later. We’ve already sent troops to search.”

‘The Sea Dragon King was still angry. Although all sea beasts above the monarch level in the huge sea area knew its child, and that idiot wouldn’t really encounter danger, it was still angry.

“Scram and get it back quickly.”

On the other side, a white divine dragon flew towards the distant land and snow mountain with smiles of joy. Since it was restricted all the time in the seax, it would come to land.. It hoped that the extraordinary creatures on land would be able to take more hits from it and not let it return disappointed.