Chapter 278 - Contracting The Water Slime

Chapter 278 Contracting the Water Slime

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator:

Atlas Studios

Editor:

Atlas Studios

The Cleansing Water Sprite King was very puzzled.

It and the creatures who could cleanse had already been fired up by Shi Yu’s words. They couldn’t wait to follow the environmental department of Dragon Palace City to cleanse the larger ocean.

However, why did Shi Yu turn around and leave with a water slime??

At this moment, the Cleansing Water Sprite King suddenly suspected what Shi Yu was doing.

“Cough.”

Sensing a bunch of hot-blooded gazes, Shi Yu, who was about to pull the Water Slime to talk, suddenly stopped.

He turned around and looked at the Cleansing Water Sprite King and the group of water-element sprites. He touched his chin and pondered for a moment.

“Well…”

The marine environmental department still had to be built.

Shi Yu had already helped Ice Dragon plan its future position in Dragon Palace City.

As for whether this position had any future? What a joke. With the support of the Blue Sea Sprite, how could there be no future?

At that time, the Ice Dragon King would be the strongest competitor of the new generation of the Dragon God.

And now, the companions of these Blue Sea Sprite Reincarnations were the first batch of members of the environmental department of Dragon Palace City. They couldn’t be mistreated!

Shi Yu took out three nutritional fruits from the ruins’ space and threw them to the Cleansing Water Sprite King. “These are spiritual fruits that can increase the life potential, race potential, and evolution aptitude of transcendent life forms below the

monarch level.”

“You’re the only monarch on this island, so it should be useful to them. Take these three spiritual fruits as a reward and hold an island meeting. A huge battle just happened on the island, and now many places have been polluted. Let’s compete on

who cleanses the most.”

“Of course, the goal isn’t for everyone to work hard to protect the environment for the reward, but if you work hard, there will definitely be rewards. Our Sea Environmental Protection Department is still very humane!”

In the next moment, the tempting fragrance of the nutritional fruit spread. Whether it was transcendent or commander rank water elemental life forms that stayed on the scene, when they smelled it, their breathing instantly became rapid, and they

stared intently at the nutritional fruit!!

This was…

A spiritual fruit that increased evolution aptitude and life potential?

There was actually such a thing?

Living in such a polluted environment, this group of water elemental life forms had never seen such high-quality resources.

Even the Cleansing Water Sprite King, who had obtained the nutritional fruit, instantly swallowed its saliva when it sensed the aura of the nutritional fruit at a close distance.

After all, even the nutritional fruits created by Baby Ginseng before it evolved could attract the overlord, the gem cat. Although the gem cat was suspected of being a foodie and that it was custom-made, it was enough to show the charm of Baby

Ginseng’s nutritional fruits.

Moreover, these were created after the ginseng baby evolved and learned plant control. Many elemental life forms present, including the little slime beside them, were instantly attracted, and water elements flowed out of the corners of their mouths.

“I, can I participate?” the Cleansing Water Sprite King asked.

Shi Yu: “…No, but you can be the judge. You’ll be rewarded with a spiritual fruit.”

After Shi Yu finished speaking, the next moment, the water sprites that could cleanse all ran crazily to various parts of the island and started the cleansing competition. Seeing this, the Little Water Slime opened its mouth slightly, and the Cleansing

Water Sprite King also opened its mouth slightly.

Was this alright?

If they had been so hardworking in the past, the neighboring Sludge Island would have long been occupied by them.

At this moment, seeing that the good peaceful island had been swept up by Shi Yu, Eleven and Buggy covered their faces at the side.

This Ocean Environmental Protection Department was established by Shi Yu with the backing of Dragon Palace City and the Blue Sea Sprite. Why did they feel that the sea beasts that polluted the ocean in the end would become very miserable…

They could already imagine that in the future, those creatures that polluted the sea would become walking bounty lists!

At the moment, the Water Slime definitely didn’t have the ability to assist Eleven in evolution. It looked like it had to be nurtured slowly again.

Shi Yu roughly looked at its data.

< Name > Water Slime

[Attributes]: Water

[Race Level]: Mid-level transcendent

[Level of Growth]: transcendent

Energy Points: 555

How should he put it? It was pitifully weak.

The skills were probably only multiplication and bubbles.

Not to mention the multiplication skill, but Bubbles, a low-level water-element skill, was also very useless.

It was just to slowly spit out a water bubble, and then the water bubble would explode when it touched the enemy. It was that simple.

It wasn’t as useful as the water-element basic skill, the Water Spear.

The water spear shot out with a whoosh, and the bubble skill had to fly slowly.

The only advantage was that after the proficiency was high, it could still be used as a control skill to restrain the enemy.

In short, the Water Slime was very lousy now. Even if it was the reincarnation of the Blue Sea Sprite, apart from its extremely high willpower, there was nothing special about it. Perhaps it was even a little smarter than other Slimes.

At this moment, the Water Slime walked with Shi Yu, wanting to see what test the minister had given it.

Shi Yu walked in front with his hands behind his back. He said earnestly, “I acknowledge your determination, but determination and hard work alone aren’t enough.”

The Water Slime listened silently and couldn’t refute.

“My test is very simple. I heard about you from the Cleansing Water Sprite King, so I acknowledge your determination and will.”

“But just like I said, if you want to achieve a goal, determination and hard work alone aren’t enough!”

“Therefore, the first thing I want to test is your wisdom. I want to test if you understand how to be flexible and change your mind.”

Wisdom?

The Water Slime was nervous.

“What do you think you need most to achieve your dream, apart from determination?”

“Hu? (Cleansing ability and strength?)” The slime answered carefully, afraid that it would answer wrong.

“Change your voice. This “hu” is silly and not very smart.”

Slime: “2”

“Wu?” The slime said.

“T’m tired of listening to that. Change again.”

Eleven, who was watching Shi Yu deceive the ignorant girl: ??

Their feelings had faded, so there was no love.

“Coo?” the slime said.

Shi Yu said, “It sounds like it’s easy to get beaten up. Do you have any vitality?”

Water Slime: “Ning!”

“Sure, that’s it. Back to the topic. You’re right.”

“To achieve a dream, the most important thing is ability and strength, not determination.”

“Your hard work and will shouldn’t only be used to cleanse the ocean, but also to increase your strength.”

“This isn’t for you to give up on your dreams, but because only with strength can you better protect the ocean. Do you agree with this?”

Shi Yu asked, causing the Little Slime to fall silent.

“With your current strength and ability, what can you do for your dream?”

“You should feel it yourself.”

“Even if you fight with all your might against those Sludge Monsters that pollute the environment, you can only end up on the verge of death.”

“On the other hand, the powerful Cleansing Water Sprite King can not only easily expel many Sludge Monsters, but it can also protect a weak little guy like you. The reason why it can achieve all of this is not because of its faith, but because of its

strength.”

“So, what do you think you should do now?”

“Ning! (Change of train of thought, work hard to increase strength first.)”

The Water Slime was still smart. As expected of the Sea Sprite Reincarnation Body, it was different from those low-level elemental monsters with low intelligence.

“That’s right! Improving your strength is the most important thing for you to achieve your dream now.”

“When you increase your strength to the totem level, you can cleanse the ocean however you want. No one can control you. The efficiency will still be very high, unlike now, where you struggle between life and death every time.”

“Therefore, before you become a totem level, let’s put aside the matter of cleansing the sea for now and focus on increasing your strength!”

The Slime nodded and felt that it made sense. It mainly felt that Shi Yu, the minister of the Ministry of Environment, wouldn’t lie to it.

After all, everyone had the same dream.

“Alright, the wisdom test has passed. Next, we’ll continue the next test.”

The Water Slime revealed a happy expression.

“Then what do you think is the fastest way to increase your strength?”

The Little Slime fell into deep thought.

It was a Slime… It didn’t know how to quickly increase its strength.

Tt couldn’t help but look at Shi Yu eagerly.

n

i Yu said, “Actually, your insistence on joining the Environmental Protection Department of Dragon Palace City is a very good choice. A choice that can increase your strength.”

“The strength of an individual is ultimately small. When it’s weak, it can only grow better by relying on a stronger group. For example, if you didn’t have the protection of the Cleansing Water Sprite King, it would definitely be very difficult for you

to grow to this level.”

“Look, those water-element sprites who can cleanse have joined the Environmental Protection Department. Now, not only can they cleanse the environment and complete their dreams, but if their cleansing is not bad, they also have a chance to obtain

treasures to increase their strength. This is the advantage of sucking up to others. No, I mean, joining the group!”

“Therefore, compared to working hard yourself and knowing how to exchange your hard work and talent for other people’s investment, it’s also very important.”

The Water Slime felt that it understood a little.

“However, if you want to win the investment, you have to show the value you deserve. Although you’ve figured out that you should work hard to increase your strength now, it’s not up to you to determine whether your determination is there or not.”

“Ning…” The Little Slime looked at Shi Yu firmly.

It was determined… It was just that its strength was a little weak and its race was a little inferior. In that case, could it obtain Shi Yu’s recognition?

It wanted to follow Shi Yu and increase its strength and abilities. For this, it was willing to pay any price!

“Looks like you’ve thought it through.”

Shi Yu was gratified.

“Do you know why I pay special attention to you?”

The slime shook its head.

“Because you have a very strong will. This is your talent, your shining point.”

“However, it’s very difficult to stimulate this determination and potential.”

“And I happen to have the ability to transform this will into power.”

“Are you willing to undergo the last test?”

“I admire your determination. Therefore, I’m willing to pay a huge price to bet on you. If it succeeds, you will have the power to change everything. In the future, I’ll even be proud of you. This minister of the Ocean Environmental Protection

Department can also be given to you, but if you don’t have the corresponding determination, both of us will have heavy consequences.”

Shi Yu revealed a serious expression.

“Ning!!” The Water Slime was unexpectedly determined and answered without hesitation.

It was willing to follow Shi Yu and had enough faith.

At this moment, Eleven and Buggy looked at each other.

It looked like the overlord’s will had nothing to do with intelligence… This blue jelly didn’t look very smart.

Ina few words, Shi Yu baited it.

“Very good!”

Shi Yu smiled and stretched out his hand. A light blue halo appeared in his palm.

He said, “Come up first. This is a contract. After you sign a contract with me, even if the last test fails, you won’t be in too much danger.”

The Water Slime directly leaped onto Shi Yu’s palm, and Shi Yu instantly activated the contract.

He

owever, during this process, as the cold Water Slime jumped into his hand, Shi Yu couldn’t help but pinch it.

‘Ning.” So soft, so cold, so springy.

Shi Yu’s knead immediately made the Water Slime show a shy and angry expression.

“This is the necessary process of the contract…”

n

i Yu couldn’t help but pinch it again.

A multiplied slime pillow and bed felt much more comfortable than the panda pillow.

Soon, the Water Slime turned into various shapes in Shi Yu’s hand like rubber mud.

At the same time, the Water Slime also puffed up its face and accepted the contract.

After accepting the contract, the Water Slime instantly felt that its connection with Shi Yu had deepened.

With this connection, the water slime immediately felt that something was wrong.

It widened its eyes and looked at Shi Yu. It suddenly panicked.

It was said that Beast Tamers and pets would affect each other through contracts, making Beast Tamers more and more like pets, making pets more and more like Beast Tamers. Therefore, those Beast Tamers who contracted relatively ferocious pets

would have more and more irritable personalities. Of course, if Beast Tamers were stronger, the ones affected would be their pets.

At this moment, what made the Water Slime feel bad was that it suddenly realized that it seemed to have been tricked.

After contracting with Shi Yu, it kept feeling that an indescribable power was corroding its pure and firm heart.

The Water Slime was very panicked. It felt that Shi Yu, who seemed like a good person just now, had become a great demon king.

Tn addition, Shi Yu was still pinching and rubbing its body with both hands. This made the water slime even more panicked.

“Don’t be afraid.”

“This is also my test for you. Your heart is still a little shaken, so you have to undergo tempering often. If you can’t even ignore this little impact, how can you become the guardian of the sea in the future?” Shi Yu said seriously.

Water Slime: !!!

“Ning!”

So that was the case.

It had wronged Shi Yu.

Shi Yu had spent too much effort to nurture it.

However, could he stop rubbing it…

“Alright!” Shi Yu hugged the Slime. The combination of red and blue was very unique. He smiled and brought the Slime into the ruins’ space. Then, he gathered everyone together.

In the ruins space.

Baby Ginseng could finally appear.

At this moment, Shi Yu also exited his possession form and placed the slime on the stone table.

“Wau!”

“Wu =”

“yi a”

“Mil!”

The four saintly beasts surrounded the little slime and looked at it with extreme curiosity.

This little guy was the Blue Sea Sprite Reincarnation Body. Did it have the will of an overlord?

It was too unbelievable, too unimaginable.

“Ning…” At this moment, being stared at by a group of big shots, even if it had the will of an overlord, the slime was still very nervous.

However, due to the contract with Shi Yu, it could also feel that Eleven and the other pets had no ill intentions towards it.

“This is Eleven, and his race is the Panda King.”

“Wuu.”

“This is Buggy, and the race is butterfly.”

“Wu =”

“This is Chi Tong. His race is a heroic spirit, and his current form is a sword spirit.”

“Mi ~”

“This is a ginseng baby, the race is a ginseng baby.”

non

After entering the ruins space, Shi Yu introduced his companions in the team to the slime one by one. At the same time, he said, “For the next period of time, you guys will be companions who become stronger and help each other.”

“Ning!” The Slimes turned around and greeted everyone.

“Yi!” Baby Ginseng corrected. It wasn’t a ginseng baby, but an Undying Ginseng.

“So, are you ready next? The last test.”

“If you can pass, you can learn the super skill Infinite Devour. You can open up the devouring space in your body and rely on devouring and digesting everything to increase your race level and complete endless evolution.”

“At that time, as you evolve infinitely, your strength will also become stronger and stronger. You will also be able to obtain more cleansing abilities.”

After Shi Yu finished speaking, the Water Slime revealed a happy expression again.

Infinite evolution?!

It sounded very strong.

“Wuu!” “Wu!” “Yi!” “Mi!” The Water Slime had just finished rejoicing when it suddenly discovered that the four pets surrounding it covered their mouths and looked at it with envy with tears in their eyes.

After a long time, the first pet that could be taught super skills was a newcomer. This was too exciting.

Fortunately, Fifth Sister was a big boss. When they thought about how they still had to rely on Fifth Sister to treat any unsolvable poison in the future, Eleven and the others were relieved.

Water Slime:???

“For safety’s sake, Chi Tong, possession, Baby Ginseng, get ready.”

After Shi Yu finished speaking, Chi Tong entered Shi Yu’s body again and let Shi Yu enter a possession state.

Although the skill index could always accurately extract strength from Shi Yu’s body and Chi Tong couldn’t share the consumption, it was also good to have more recovery abilities under the possession state.

As for Baby Ginseng, it also took out a basket of nutritional fruits and prepared to give Shi Yu emergency treatment.

This was the first time he had added points for a super skill.

No one knew how big the risk was.

“Are you ready?” At this moment, seeing that Shi Yu and the others were so serious, the Water Slime swallowed its saliva and nodded.

“Come here.” Shi Yu stretched out his hands.

Slime:???

Pinch?

At the same time.

Skill: Infinite Devour

Status: Can be taught

[Teaching success rate]: High

[Teaching Risk]: Low

[Note]: The teaching of super skills will not only consume the Beast Tamer’s physical fitness and energy, but also the Beast Tamer’s life force. It’s extremely dangerous.

[Note]: Pets have to have a firm willpower to absorb the experience of super skills. If their conditions don’t meet the requirements. There’s a risk of becoming a slave of strength and losing your mind, causing the teaching to fail!

Shi Yu judged that the teaching success rate should still have a category of “extremely high” and 100%.

As for the teaching risk, there should still be an extremely low and almost zero.

However, that was too rare. Shi Yu did not pursue it for the time being.

“Come on.” Shi Yu stared at the Slime at this moment, his hands filling with a dark blue halo.

As soon as this halo spread, it immediately triggered the rich water element and spatial power. The light emitted a deep sensation.

“Ning…” Seeing this, the Water Slime’s gaze shone, and it was immediately attracted by the light in Shi Yu’s hand.

However, when it thought of what Shi Yu had said, that this process tested its will and determination, it instantly focused all its attention and moved towards Shi Yu’s hands.

A moment later, the Water Slime jumped onto Shi Yu’s hands again.

“Teach.”

Right on the heels of that, Shi Yu muttered. In the next moment, the inheritance power that represented infinite devour instantly flowed from Shi Yu’s hands to the Water Slime he was holding!

Unlike teaching low-level, mid-level, and high-level skills, the flow of super skills’ teaching light was very slow. However, every second that it flowed, Shi Yu felt a huge amount of physical strength and life force being extracted, and his condition

plummeted.

He was extremely tired.

Extremely tired.

His body entered an unprecedented weakened state.

His vision began to decrease, his hearing began to decrease, his memory began to decline, his skin became dull, his reaction to temperature changes became weaker, and his body became stiff… Slowly, as the nutrition in his body was extracted, Shi

Yu’s skin began to contract. A wrinkle that shouldn’t have appeared appeared everywhere in Shi Yu’s body. He started to change from a young and energetic image to an old state.

“What the f**k?”

This change made Shi Yu curse in his heart.

Did it have to be so ruthless?

This stupid talent, what was it thinking?

Couldn’t it just let him nurture totems casually? Couldn’t it??

At that time, if he broke through, it could also level up. It’s a win-win for everyone. Isn’t that good?

“I… am… dead…” Shi Yu felt like he was going to die.

Seeing this, Eleven and the others were shocked.

Baby Ginseng also swallowed its saliva crazily, knowing that this was a sign that his life force had been extracted.

“yill!”

Fortunately, this was the unnatural loss of life. It could be replenished with life-type resources the day after tomorrow.

Although the price of life-type resources was a very expensive resource, it just so happened that it could be manufactured.

In addition, Shi Yu’s life level was not very high. At the moment, he was only a master-level Beast Tamer. The nutritional supplements it made were still useful to Shi Yu.

“Mi…”

A moment later, due to the drastic decrease in Shi Yu’s bodily functions, his body became extremely weak. His possession was directly interrupted, and Little Chi Tong was forced to separate from Shi Yu. He was ejected from midair and looked at

Shi Yu helplessly as his black hair gradually turned gray.

[It can’t be interrupted yet.]

The consumption of super skill teaching exceeded Shi Yu’s imagination. At this moment, as the burden on his body became greater and greater, Shi Yu even felt that breathing had become difficult. However, at this point, he was definitely unwilling

to give up halfway. As long as his body didn’t reach its limit, he would continue to persist.

Water Slime perspective.

At this moment, the Water Slime was also extremely shocked.

As the halo flowed into its body, its physical fitness and upper limit of energy suddenly began to increase. Its body seemed to be undergoing an unimaginable transformation.

Under the inner vision of the Water Slime, a huge island-sized space was opening in its body.

However, this process was also extremely painful for the Water Slime. The transformation process of its body was as if it had undergone countless inhumane training. Its body had been destroyed and squeezed to the extreme countless times before

sublimating and rebirth.

At the same time, in the confusion, the Water Slime also felt that it had obtained countless skill experience. The influx of this skill experience made its mind, will, and spirit suffer a huge test and destruction.

It was like locking a middle school student in a small black room and giving him a “Foreign Language Dictionary” to memorize it day and night for a few years. During this period, he could only do the same thing. It would completely drive a normal

life form crazy. Even if the Water Slime had high-level willpower, it was still on the verge of a mental breakdown.

“Ning…” Soon, the Water Slime showed signs of not being able to hold on anymore. However, perhaps because it had activated the overlord’s will, under the border of mental collapse, its endless potential seemed to have been dug out. Its mental

strength, mental will, and soul power instantly underwent a qualitative change because of its willpower, and its growth level suddenly increased to commander rank.

At the same time, its willpower seemed to have its own cleansing effect, washing away the thought of giving up, making the Water Slime continue to persist on the edge of a mental breakdown.

Whoosh!

After a long time, the distorted Water Slime directly turned into an unstable water element. Then, the water emitted a faint deterrence.

[Teaching success]

Ina moment, the Water Slime felt like it had been reborn.

Success?

It panted and opened its eyes.

After a moment of confusion, it was overjoyed.

Success!

“Ning!”

It was just about to tell Shi Yu happily that it had persevered and survived. It had learned Infinite Devour, but it suddenly realized that Shi Yu opposite it was already weak and thin.

With gray hair, he no longer looked like a young man, but like an old man. Although he was still handsome, his mentality had become much weaker.

Shi Yu was already so tired that he couldn’t open his eyes. However, he also knew that the teaching had succeeded. This result couldn’t help but make Shi Yu extremely excited, and his mouth couldn’t help but overflow with a smile.

This change stunned the Water Slime on the spot. As Shi Yu’s pet, it could clearly sense Shi Yu’s state and know how serious his consumption was.

Initially, the Water Slime didn’t know what Shi Yu meant by paying a huge price, but now, seeing Shi Yu become like this, the Water Slime immediately became nervous.

“Ning…” It called Shi Yu softly, its eyes tearing up.

“Yi…” At this moment, Baby Ginseng also started to work quickly nervously. It directly held a nutritional fruit in each hand and used the plant control to break their nutritional content into green nutritional fluid that dripped into Shi Yu’s mouth.

However, the effect was very small, and the recovery effect was limited.

“Wuu!!” “Wu!!! “Mill!”

Under the urging of Eleven, Buggy, and Chi Tong, Baby Ginseng directly used its clone skill to transform its clone into a Fruit of Life and jumped into Shi Yu’s mouth to turn into Vitality Fluid.

Tf this still didn’t work, it could only jump into Shi Yu’s mouth itself and revive with the time mark skill.

Fortunately, the full-level clone of Baby Ginseng’s source of life super skill was still useful. As the top-notch life supplement, it continuously jumped into Shi Yu’s mouth and turned into the life clone of the Vitality Serum. Soon, Shi Yu’s body glowed

with life again.

Then, Baby Ginseng even ate a Time Fruit and temporarily became a monarch, creating a higher-level life clone.

After that, Shi Yu’s skin began to become full again.

His physical functions began to recover steadily in various aspects.

Soon, Shi Yu’s tired eyes slowly opened, but he still felt that his body didn’t belong to him. He was as tired as a dog.

This state made him feel like he had returned to the side effects of teaching high-level skills when he was still a Beast Tamer intern…

No, it was even more serious than that. Super skills were simply not taught by humans!

He swore that unless he was a top-notch master, he definitely wouldn’t touch super skills.

“T’m dead… Baby Ginseng, heal me…” Shi Yu said weakly.

“Yi! (I’m dead too.)” Baby Ginseng took root and absorbed the light as it tried to continue condensing its life avatar.

“Wuu!!” “Wu!!! “Mill!”

At the side, Eleven, Buggy, and Chi Tong tried their best to cheer for Shi Yu and Baby Ginseng.

Try harder.

The Water Slime watched eagerly and was a little confused. It looked at Shi Yu, who was constantly recovering, nervously, afraid that Shi Yu wouldn’t be able to recover.

After all, Shi Yu had become like this to help it.

If there was still a little doubt previously, then now, the Water Slime had completely acknowledged Shi Yu and thought that he was a good person.

“Ning…” It also started to cheer for Baby Ginseng and Shi Yu.

About ten minutes later, Shi Yu calmed down a little.

However, even if its life force was replenished, it couldn’t easily restore it to its original state. After Baby Ginseng felt that its life essence couldn’t be digested by Shi Yu anymore, Shi Yu was still very weak, and his hair was still gray.

Shi Yu glanced at the skill index.

Skill: Infinite Devour

Status: Cannot be taught

Cooldown Time: 30 days

Shi Yu: “Son of a b*tch…”

Seeing this, Shi Yu knew that Baby Ginseng had already tried its best. After all, it was still holding back from evolving and its potential had yet to be completely unearthed.

“It’s enough.” Shi Yu made Baby Ginseng stop for a moment. At the same time, he slowly stood up and said, “Your Life Clone’s level is too low. It can’t replenish vitality.”

Ginseng Baby: QAQ?

Human language? To think it worked so hard.

“Yi…”

Baby Ginseng suggested that it directly break through to the monarch level.

This could definitely restore Shi Yu perfectly.

“No, I’ve already recovered my mobility. I’ll wait for natural recovery.” Shi Yu said. “Your level still has to be stuck.”

Even if the success rate was high, it was still so difficult to teach. They couldn’t stop training their willpower!

At the same time, he couldn’t stop increasing his level!

Although he was a little tired and a little weak, he could indeed move freely now. As long as he didn’t fight intensely, it shouldn’t be a problem.

After telling Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, and Chi Tong not to worry, Shi Yu smiled at the Water Slime.

Water Slime : (+_+)’?

“Congratulations on passing the test. From now on, you’re the great Slime Demon King who can devour everything.”

“Yes, you’re a little small, but it’s not a big problem. You have multiplication.”

“The bigger the slime, the stronger the great demon king.”

Water Slime: (.@°V”@)

“Ning! Ning!” The Slime nodded heavily. It, who had learned Infinite Devour, had already sensed the power of this skill!

< Name > Water Slime

[Attributes]: Water

[Race Level]: Mid-level transcendent

[Level of Growth]: Commander Level

[Race Skill]: Multiplication (Proficient), Bubbles (Expert)

[Professor Skill]: Infinite Devour (Initiate), Deterrence (Initiate)

Energy Points: 30333

Very good!

After contracting with Shi Yu and learning devour, the strength of the Water Slime underwent a tremendous change.

Although there was a huge difference from Eleven and the others when they were commander rank, don’t forget that it was still a Slime.

“Apart from awakening deterrence with your will, you should have also awakened your racial ability elementalization, right?” Shi Yu asked the water slime.

Elementalization was not a skill, just like how birds could fly and fish could swim. It was the universal racial ability of elemental life forms, but it required awakening.

After awakening, the body could split into corresponding elements and be immune to purely physical attacks.

“Ning!!!” The Water Slime nodded. In the next moment, its body split into several water balls, and then it split into water droplets that floated in midair.

Right on the heels of that, the water droplets condensed. The Water Slime relied on its elementalization ability to transform into the appearance of Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, and Shi Yu one after another. Although its entire body was still made

up of water elements, it still looked pretty decent. In the end, it returned to the form of the Water Slime.

Being able to change various forms through elementalization was the greatest characteristic of elemental life.

“Not bad.”

“Then, let’s try the ability of Infinite Devour,” Shi Yu said with a smile.

He couldn’t wait to see the results of his teaching.

“Ning!” The Water Slime immediately nodded.

“Just swallow that.”

Shi Yu looked at the box of nutritional fruits Baby Ginseng took out.

The level of these fruits was too low. Before it finished using them just now, Baby Ginseng directly went to using its clone.

This was also the kind Shi Yu gave the Cleansing Water Sprite King and the others. It could increase the evolution potential and life potential of pets below the monarch level.

Since Infinite Devour could increase the race level by devouring everything, theoretically speaking, this should be the most efficient devouring these to increase the race level.

“Go.” Shi Yu pointed at the remaining ten nutritional fruits in the box.

“Ning!!” Under Shi Yu’s command, the Water Slime immediately turned into water elements and leaped up, pouncing at the nutritional fruit.

Seeing this scene, Eleven, Buggy, and Chi Tong looked at Baby Ginseng.

Who else couldn’t fly!

Baby Ginseng:??

Damn it!

It directly condensed a pair of Leaf Wings through plant control and flew up. Then, it looked fiercely at Eleven and the others.

However, no one was looking at it anymore. Their gazes were all attracted by the water slime.

“Ning!” On the other side, the Water Slime had already multiplied and combined with the elementalization to become a huge water screen. In one go, it swallowed the ten nutritional fruits and wooden boxes into the digestive space in its body.

It didn’t have to worry about the food being too high-level to digest.

It could store things temporarily in the space opened up in the body infinitely. It didn’t have to be digested instantly.

Of course, if the Water Slime wanted to quickly digest the nutritional fruits, it wasn’t impossible.

At least, it didn’t feel any pressure if it wanted to devour and digest resources of the same level.

Because it was also a commander rank, it happened to correspond to a fourth-level resource. In addition, the Nutrition Fruit was a high-quality resource that specialized in increasing its life potential. The side effects were extremely low, so it digested

this very quickly.

Nae eee nt Intee tha Watax Cline falt that the olill had nauntlace infawmatinn faodhack ta ite hades