Chapter 270 - Shocking Little Friends

Chapter 270 Shocking Little Friends

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The Mutated Giant Leviathan’s body was like a water-element world.

Flying birds made of water flew in the sky, blue frogs made of water leaped on the land, and fish made of water wandered in the water. Apart from that, there were countless water elemental creatures living freely here.

Apart from Shi Yu, the others were looking around in surprise.

Soon, these young people understood why there were so many elemental creatures in the Giant Leviathan.

It was said that in battle, the Tyrannical Sea Legend could let the Giant Leviathan temporarily devour him and his other pets to increase its battle power and obtain the power to suppress the totem.

In other words, all the elemental creatures living in the Giant Leviathan’s body might be the backup power of the Giant Leviathan? “This space is much higher than Buggy’s spatial bag. As expected of a super skill.” Standing on the ground, Shi Yu thought to himself.

Buggy’s spatial pocket didn’t have the ability to store living creatures. In comparison, this devouring space could not only absorb living creatures, but it could also transform them into its own power… It was a little similar to Buggy’s equipment?

Eh?

Damn.

Shi Yu suddenly fell silent. He felt like he had entered a dangerous place.

[Replication success]

Forget it, this skill was his now anyway.

Now he had the water-type super skill to test the water-type pet’s will in Dragon Palace City.

Shi Yu only had one evaluation for this skill. It was powerful!

No wonder the Tyrannical Sea Legend could grow to the point where it could fight against totems. This Infinite Devour probably played a crucial role.

Shi Yu felt that as long as a pet with this skill grew smoothly, it might be able to grow into a Mythical race.

He estimated that the Tyrannical Sea Legend’s Giant Leviathan was stuck in a quasi Mythical race. It was probably limited by the proficiency of the devouring skill and couldn’t digest legendary and Mythical resources. Or perhaps its digestion speed was too slow. Otherwise, it should be able to evolve infinitely.

“Hey, hey, hey, look.”

In the Giant Leviathan Space, White Brook patted the shoulder of the stunned Shi Yu.

She pointed forward.

At this moment, in the air of this space, a huge water screen condensed out of thin air. The water screen was like glass, allowing everyone to clearly see the environment in the deep sea outside.

“This is…”

In Shi Yu and the others’ vision, a new world appeared. In the dark blue underwater world, piles of colorful fish quickly swam past, as if they were dodging some huge monster. The emerald green water grass creatures at the edge of their vision cowered in a corner and trembled.

Gulp.

Countless bubbles appeared. The Giant Leviathan was still diving into the deep sea. With the protection of the overlord-level Giant Leviathan, there was no doubt that no sea beast would come looking for trouble.

“It will take about an hour for us to reach Dragon Palace City.”

Legend Sea Tyrant appeared behind everyone, still with his hands behind his back, his gray hair flying around.

“During this period, you guys communicate yourselves.”

As soon as Legend Ba Hai finished speaking, he turned and left again. No one knew where he went. Seeing this, everyone immediately started chattering.

The fierce-faced man from the Dragon Tamer Family, Yun Shu, looked at Yu Shu. “You’re just an intermediate Beast Tamer. Why are you here too?”

The two of them were both descendants of famous Dragon Tamers. Their circle was very small, so they naturally knew each other. “Aren’t you just a few years older than me? I’ll definitely become a master before graduation. What are you so proud of?” The corners of Yu Shu’s mouth twitched.

In the face of geniuses like Shi Yu and Yin Zhengfan who weren’t older than him, he could only admit defeat. However, he was very unhappy with these people who pretended to be strong just because they were a few years older and had meditated for a few more years. Of course… Yu Shu didn’t deny that this fellow’s reverse scale talent was more suitable for contracting a dragon than him.

“I’m doing this for your own good. You’re so weak now, how can a dragon acknowledge you?” Yun He chuckled.

“There’s no need to trouble yourself,” Yu Shu said. He naturally had the capital to obtain the recognition of the dragon race this time.

Others relied on their talent potential, but couldn’t he rely on resources? Yu Shu tightened his backpack. At that time, when he took out the dragon-element evolution resources his father had prepared, he might have pets following him.

“Haha, everyone has a chance. By the way, it’s rare for us to go to Dragon Palace City together. Why don’t we share the type of pet we like?” At this moment, Zou Tianwang said with a smile in the crowd.

Seeing that everyone was doing their own thing, he couldn’t help but want to unify the topic and get closer to everyone. “For example, me. You also know that I have a dark-element strengthening talent. This time, I’m here for a certain race. I heard that the Black Flood Dragon overlord of Dragon Palace City has given birth to a son. I wonder if there’s a chance to obtain its recognition and be entrusted with a descendant.”

Zou Yun smiled and revealed his intention, not afraid that anyone would compete with him.

After saying that, he looked at everyone.

The muscular dragonman chuckled and said, “I’m not here specifically for a certain race.”

The blue-haired girl said, “That’s true. Your talent can purify the bloodline of dragon-type creatures, as long as it’s dragon-type.”

The muscular dragonman looked at the blue-haired girl and said, “Fang Lan, you must still have contracted a race that’s good at controlling the weather.”

“This is more compatible with your talent, right?”

“You guessed right. You’re not allowed to guess anymore next time,” Fang Lan said and looked at Shi Yu.

She smiled. Among these people, she was the most curious about Shi Yu. She said, “Junior Shi Yu, what about you? Is it alright to say?”

Shi Yu chuckled and said, “It’s alright. I have the gift of telepathy, and I don’t have any special talent. I prefer a pet I can get along with. As long as we get along and have eye contact, transcendent races are fine.” Yu Shu and Yin Zhengfan: “?”

Everyone: “?”

They didn’t believe him. How could he have such a low request?

He just didn’t want to say it.

However… Shi Yu’s telepathy talent was indeed a little difficult to deal with.

After all, this wasn’t a battle-type talent.

The mechanical man from Star Capital University said, “I actually prefer one that I can get along with too. Recently, I’ve been researching biological mechanical modification. If any Dragon Palace City cub is also interested in the Mechanic class and is willing to become an experimental body personally and become stronger together, I don’t have any requirements for the race.”

Everyone: “?”

F*ck, another dangerous guy.

Biological mechanical modification… was a school of thought in the Mechanic class.

Among the Mechanics, there were pure mechanical creatures, such as Gao Xuan’s Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast. There were also those who transformed other life forms into mechanical beasts.

For example, equip a monkey with mechanical armor and install a cannon to evolve the creature into an Iron Gorilla Beast. This was biological mechanical modification.

However, because this school of thought was too risky and experimental accidents often occurred, it was relatively small.

This mechanical man actually targeted the citizens of Dragon Palace City… Would it really not destroy the friendship of the alliance? Would there really be pets like him who liked machinery… “Oh?” In the crowd, Shi Yu looked at the mechanical man and felt that he could chat when he was free.

This was because the ancient species machinery he wanted to create was also close to biological modification. However, the other party used creatures, while Shi Yu used illusions.

In Shi Yu’s opinion, with the illusion as the core, it should be able to have the common merits of both the pure Mechanical and biological modification sects.

The advantage of the biological modification faction was that there was a chance for the mechanical beast to inherit the Host’s abilities, but Beast Tamers couldn’t fuse with it at all.

As for the pure Mechanical Faction, it relied on the diversity of mechanical functions. For example, Gao Xuan’s Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast could freely switch between the mecha and the flying ship form, and the Beast Tamer could carry it. With the illusion as the core, there was a possibility of inheriting the ability of ancient creatures, but because of the phantom’s ethereal nature, it could not be constrained by the form of ancient creatures. This was a virtue. For example, in Shi Yu’s opinion, he could completely create a fighter aircraft with the Wind God Winged Dragon template or a Gundam with the Tyrant Dragon template. This was the advantage of the Ancient Phantom Plant. It could combine the merits of the two factions!

According to what Shi Yu knew, the most powerful Mechanic in Ancient Capital University, Dean Hao, was a pure Mechanic. Therefore, he might still need some knowledge of the biological modification faction to assist him in completing ancient machinery.

He wondered how the background of this mechanical man from Star Capital University was…

“What about the two beauties?” Zou Yun asked Xia Qingwei and White Brook.

Xia Qingwei: “It doesn’t matter. It’s best if it’s a worm.”

Everyone :”…”

White Brook covered her forehead and said, “I have the Fusion Talent, so I definitely have to be handsome. The mermaids aren’t bad, the jellyfish aren’t bad, and beautiful coral creatures can work also… Ah, well, but before the contract, I don’t know what it’s like after the Fusion. It’s so difficult.”

It was indeed very difficult… After all, it concerned their looks in the future… Everyone prayed for White Brook. “What about little fan?” Shi Yu took over the topic of Zou Tianwang Yun and asked Yin Zhengfan. Why was this child so afraid of strangers? He didn’t say anything.

Yin Zhengfan :”…”

“I… I guess it depends on fate,” he said. “What about the two soldiers?” Zou Tianwang Yun smiled and looked at the two Beast Tamers from the navy.

The two navy Beast Tamers with thick eyebrows and big eyes said, “We are all assigned in a fixed manner. At that time, we will become comrades with a certain general of the Dragon Palace City’s Marine Corps to protect the ocean together.”

There was no need for them to be conflicted…

After that, everyone started to chat. From the totem dragon king of Dragon Palace City to the famous overlord general and the environment of Dragon Palace City…

Perhaps the subsidiary forces of Dragon Palace City were in different seas, but Dragon Palace City was an independent deep sea mystic realm.

That was also a brand new small world. What was relatively special was that there was also air there. On the contrary, there were not many water resources, but this didn’t affect anything. Because the water elements in the mystic realm were rich, both sea creatures and humans could move freely in the Dragon Palace City mystic realm. Therefore, this Dragon Palace banquet was naturally held in the mystic realm of Dragon Palace City.

“We’re almost there.”

Among the 12 people, someone kept counting the time.

As they approached the one-hour flight mentioned by the Tyrannical Sea Legend, everyone looked at the water screen.

Suddenly, the water screen collapsed. Everyone felt the sky and earth shake, as if they were pushed by a huge repulsive force.

“Tyrannical Sea Legend, you haven’t changed. Welcome, welcome.”

In the secret realm of Dragon Palace City.

On a floating island continent.

A huge sea beast in the form of a tiger whale seemed to have turned the air into an ocean as it floated quietly in midair.

Opposite the Sky Penetrating Whale was an even larger sea beast nearly a hundred meters tall. It had a blue body similar to a whale, and its huge abyss mouth had a circle of sharp white fangs. Its wild beast-like yellow pupils were filled with violent patterns. Its chest fin, abdomen fin, back fin, and tail fin were different from ordinary fish. They were like long and dense white feathers that fluttered with the wind.

At this moment, on the head of the Mutated Giant Leviathan, the Tyrannical Sea Legend was standing. Behind him were young people who had been teleported until they were dizzy.

“You’re the same. You still look so weak.” Legend Sea Tyrant smiled faintly. “Hahahaha.” The Sky Penetrating Whale laughed loudly and looked at the group of young people behind the Legend. At this moment, Shi Yu and the others also reacted and realized that they had arrived. Everyone stood on the Giant Leviathan’s huge body. When they observed their surroundings, they were immediately stunned.

The Dragon Palace Mystic Realm… was very big. As far as they could see, dozens of sky islands floated in the sky, and on them were dazzling palaces.

The place they were at was also very huge. It was impossible to see the end of it. Tens of thousands of shrimps and crabs guarded various places densely, as if they were welcoming guests. “Gulp.” Someone gulped and recognized the Sky Penetrating Whale. The Sky Penetrating Whale was completely famous among the sea beasts. It was a popular general in Dragon Palace City and had fought in countless seas. As long as it was an enemy of Dragon Palace City, even the larger whales and even the overlord ferocious sharks that made countless sea beasts tremble in fear… was just a meal to this Sky Penetrating Whale.

“Dragon Palace City, Sky Penetrating Whale, I heard its partner recently gave birth to a small tiger whale. I wonder if it’s true.” Among the crowd, someone’s heart immediately rippled when he saw the Sky Penetrating Whale.

If he could obtain the recognition of the Sky Penetrating Whale and be entrusted with its heir, that would be a leap into the sky. The Sky Penetrating Whale was an absolute top-notch overlord even among overlord-level creatures. Its strength and race were only inferior to the Tyrannical Sea Legend’s Giant Leviathan, an even more abnormal existence.

“Woo ~~” Just as Yu Shu, Yin Zhengfan, and the other young people looked at the Sky Penetrating Whale with anticipation, a white wind suddenly blew from the distance. Under everyone’s gaze, a small white dragon suddenly flew over excitedly.

Legend Sea Tyrant raised his brows and looked over.

“Dragon Palace City’s Third Crown Prince, White Azure Dragon?” Legend Ba Hai said.

At this moment, many young people, even Zou Tianwang Yun, who had come specially for a certain race, were instantly excited when he saw this divine dragon.

Holy shit.

They widened their eyes at the approaching divine dragon.

Looking at the smooth and powerful body that was like a painting of water and mountains, any Beast Tamer who was proficient in feeding could tell how top-notch this divine dragon was. At this moment, its body moved casually, waved its dragon claws, and circled in the sky. Its powerful dragon might involuntarily emitted. It was high and mighty, perfectly matching the expectations of most Beast Tamers present for the next pet.

“Dragon Palace City’s Third Prince, the son of Lin Feng’s legendary pet, the Sea Dragon King. No, he’s the son of the Sea Dragon King and the Azure Dragon King, a high-level overlord

race!”

At this moment, seeing this divine dragon, Zou Tianwang was extremely tempted. Although the Black Flood Dragon’s attributes were more compatible with him, the White Azure Dragon’s race, potential, talent, and background were stronger!

After all, it was the son of two totems. Moreover, as the Third Prince of Dragon Palace City, he had the chance to compete for the position of Dragon God with the other Dragon King heirs in the future.

Even Beast Tamers who didn’t have pets of their liking at the start were instantly tempted when they saw this White Azure Dragon.

Yu Shu, Yin Zhengfan, Zou Yun, and the others’ expressions turned serious.

However, they also knew that this was basically impossible.

In all these years in Dragon Palace City, there had never been a situation where the son of the totem followed humans.

At most, the heirs of the subsidiary overlords of Dragon Palace City would follow human Beast Tamers.

A totem son like the White Azure Dragon was a completely unreachable existence. Its identity might be ten times more honorable than the descendants of a legendary Beast Tamer. It was impossible for it to follow a human. Its totem parents couldn’t agree, unless that human had the legendary bearing to reach the height of the seven legends of Dong Huang, but obviously that was not possible…

Therefore, when they saw the Sky Penetrating Whale, Yu Shu and the others might still fantasize, but when they saw the White Azure Dragon, they quickly gave up. “Why would the Third Prince of Dragon Palace City appear here…”

In the next moment.

Dragon Palace City’s Third Prince, the White Dragon, looked at Shi Yu in the crowd and shouted excitedly, “Senior Shi Yu, Senior Shi Yu, I’m here. I’ll take you to take a look at Dragon Palace City.”

Yu Shu, Zou Tianwang, and the others: “?”

“????”

“Don’t cause trouble.” The Sky Penetrating Whale looked at the White Azure Dragon in a deep voice and also said to Shi Yu, “Sir Shi Yu, the Sea Dragon King has been waiting for you for a long time.” “You’re finally here.”

As soon as he finished speaking, apart from the Tyrannical Sea Legend, Zou Yun, Yu Shu, Yin Zhengfan, and the others opened their mouths wide and widened their eyes as they looked at Shi Yu.

Holy shit, what, what was going on?!!

Didn’t everyone come to show their talent and potential together and wait for the overlord big shots of Dragon Palace City to invest? Old thief Shi Yu, what’s wrong with you!!!