Chapter 276 - Rainbow Islands

Chapter 276 Rainbow Islands

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator:

Atlas Studios

Editor:

Atlas Studios

Water Slime!!!

Shi Yu didn’t know if this was a hint from the Blue Sea Ruins.

But if the reincarnation of the Blue Sea Sprite had already been reduced to a slime, that would be too tragic…

< Name > Water Slime

[Attributes]: Water

[Race Level]: Mid-level transcendent

[Race Skill]: Multiplication, Bubble

< Introduction > It’s a low-level water elemental creature condensed from water elements. Its movements are slow, its intelligence is low, its attack pattern is single, its life form is extremely unstable, it’s not

recommended to contract.

Shi Yu:”…”

Thinking of the Beast Tamer’s evaluation of the Water Slime, Shi Yu was in a daze.

Indeed.

How should one put it?

Although it had mastered a high-level skill, even if it was facing a Beast Tamer intern, as long as that Beast Tamer was more experienced, the Slime would find it very difficult to stir up trouble.

For example, Shi Yu had once easily defeated the Electric Slime through insulation rubber gloves and replicated multiplication.

They were too slow and could only jump around. As long as it was a normal person, their speed was faster than theirs.

Their intelligence was also low, similar to the Green Silkworm. It was basically impossible for them to train their racial skills to a very high level on their own.

n addition, the life form was extremely unstable. Before “elementalization”, the racial ability that was a big deal in elemental life forms, it would turn into the corresponding elemental disintegration and die after being

heavily injured. Its life was extremely weak. This was why they were judged as transcendent races.

n any case, it was very difficult for Shi Yu to imagine how a Slime relied on its powerful willpower to grow to the overlord level.

tt wasn’t impossible, but it was too difficult. It was less than one in 100 million.

it was no wonder that the reincarnation of the Blue Sea Sprite had fallen to this race… It had never been able to reach the inheritance conditions of the Blue Sea Ruins.

From the historical segment, the lowest standard to receive the inheritance of the Blue Sea Sprite’s ability should be the overlord level. This was not difficult to understand. The abilities of the Blue Sea Sprite were

definitely very unfair, like a cheat. Just like how Eleven and the others and Shi Yu couldn’t withstand the teaching of super skills. If their strength and willpower were insufficient, the reincarnation of the Blue Sea Sprite

would probably find it very difficult to withstand the racial ability inheritance of the Blue Sea Sprite.

However, at this moment, this was not what Shi Yu cared about.

Since it was the reincarnation of the will of the Blue Sea Sprite, it meant that the reincarnated Slime should have a very high-level will level.

That meant that he could add some super skills.

With this evidence, so what if the race was low? If he taught it infinite devour, a terrifying Slime Demon King was immediately born.

Even if there was no overlord will, even if it wasn’t the reincarnation of a Blue Sea Sprite… Because he had cultivated Eleven, Buggy, and Baby Ginseng, Shi Yu was also confident that nurturing an ordinary Slime would

turn into a very unscientific beast if it was him as the tamer.

In short, he was very confident that it could help the reincarnation of the Blue Sea Sprite reach the overlord level. This was only the lowest achievement. With the skill index and the will of an overlord, even if he

cultivated the Blue Sea Sprite to the Mythical level and let it escape the restraints of endless reincarnation, Shi Yu felt that it might not be impossible.

“Leave it to me.”

Shi Yu made a big statement for the Blue Sea Ruins.

“But the problem is… Even if there aren’t ten billion Water Slimes in this world, there should be at least one billion. I… Where can I find them?”

His imagination was very beautiful, but reality made Shi Yu depressed.

Even if he could detect the level of the will of every water slime through the skill index to determine if it was the reincarnation of the Blue Sea Sprite, even if the world’s slime lined up for him to detect, he still had to

take forever…

Moreover, it was impossible for them to really line up for him to test.

Shi Yu could only go to various parts of the world to slowly search for it himself. Ignoring the safety issue for the time being, the time spent was a huge number. If this Slime Reincarnation accidentally died during this

period and reincarnated into another race, it would be even more tragic.

“Can you… give me another hint?”

Buzz!

Perhaps due to Shi Yu’s strong confidence, there were some changes in the Blue Sea Ruins.

In the outside world.

Shi Yu quickly retreated from the observation history state. Eleven and the others stayed on Shi Yu and before they could react, Shi Yu was suddenly sucked into the Blue Sea Ruins by a huge suction.

“Damn…”

Shi Yu didn’t react either. He only felt that the suction power of this thing was even stronger than the Mutated Leviathan. With Eleven and the others, their bodies seemed to have plunged into a huge pool.

Crash…

Countless streams of water hit him.

Shi Yu felt a little suffocated.

When Shi Yu reacted again, he had already been ejected from the Blue Sea Ruins.

“Wuu!” “Wu!” “Yi!” “Mil!”

Shi Yu had yet to discover anything. As he rubbed his eyes and spat out water, the pets on Shi Yu’s body cried out in shock.

“What?”

He understood what Eleven and the others meant and couldn’t help but open his eyes to look around. The identical Blue Sea Ruins was still in front of him, but…

He was no longer on Clearwater Island!

At this moment, Shi Yu was directly in a strange rain forest. The unfamiliarity of the surrounding environment stunned Shi Yu.

Where was this?

Shi Yu jointly located his current location according to the archeological index and Feeding index, but he realized that he was no longer in the range of Dong Huang’s map. He couldn’t determine where he was at this

moment…

“Spatial teleportation?”

Shi Yu quickly looked at the Blue Sea Ruins and opened his mouth slightly.

“So, every Blue Sea Ruins is really a projection of the ruins space inside…”

it was said that, be it the Blue Sea Ruins in Dragon Palace City or the countless Blue Sea Ruins everywhere in the ocean, they were all projections of the Inner Sea Mystic Realm. They were all substantial mirages. There

was only one true ruin, and that was the inner space that these water cubes led to.

This saying was recorded in the archeological index, but Shi Yu didn’t expect that the Blue Sea Ruins could actually be used as a teleportation point, allowing life forms to travel freely between the various ruins.

However, Shi Yu was only stunned for a moment before quickly recovering his calm.

This was not something that exceeded their understanding.

During the Kong Emperor Era, the Kong Emperor had once established spatial teleportation arrays all over the world. Although after the Kong Emperor died, most of these spatial teleportation arrays were abandoned

because they couldn’t replenish energy, things like spatial teleportation arrays really existed at certain times, such as when there were spatial legendary Beast Tamers.

The aura of the Blue Sea Sprite was even higher than that of a demigod. It had gotten to know many ocean totems, so it didn’t seem impossible for it to create an ocean ruin that could be used as a spatial teleportation

array.

“The Blue Sea Ruins. This is the place where we were teleported to the reincarnation of this time… Or was it teleported to the place closest to the reincarnation of the Inner Sea Sprite?”

Shi Yu was slightly stunned. If that was the case, the difficulty of finding the Blue Sea Sprite’s reincarnation had indeed decreased greatly.

After all, he still remembered the approximate environment of the island just now. In addition, with the restriction of the slime race, it was much easier to find.

“Brilliant!!!”

At the thought of this, Shi Yu smiled and looked away.

“Yiya!!!” However, Baby Ginseng reminded Shi Yu nervously.

Apart from the territories of the seven countries, the other places were all totem areas. They were the territories of totem-level creatures and overlord-level creatures.

Now, Mother Ice Dragon isn’t here, and the rich cat isn’t here either. Is it really alright for them rookies to…

Could this Blue Sea Ruins still successfully teleport us back to Dragon Palace City?

Baby Ginseng’s reminder made Shi Yu turn his head slightly to look at the Blue Sea Ruins.

“I’ve already marked this place and located it. Can you teleport us back first? We’ll call for some people and find the Reincarnation together.”

“Hello? Hello!”

“Say something…”

Shi Yu:”…”

Why did this Blue Sea Ruins suddenly become unintelligent again?

Shi Yu originally thought that this guy was pretty smart. He knew that the reincarnation body was about to die and planned to find someone to help, but now, it was switched off again?

Shi Yu tried to use the index to call Senior Lu… But… there was no signal.

This was very annoying!

Exploring ruins was a dangerous activity. The sayings were right.

It directly teleported him from a very safe place to this ridiculous damn place!!!

“Forget it, let’s take things as they come. It’s not like we don’t have any strength now. As long as we don’t encounter totems, we aren’t afraid of ordinary monarchs. Even if we encounter overlords, we might not

necessarily be unable to escape. It’s fine as long as we’re careful. In short, let’s find the reincarnation of the Blue Sea Sprite first,” Shi Yu said.

With that, he put Baby Ginseng back into the Beast Taming Space.

“Stay here obediently. Don’t come out during this period of time lest you cause trouble for us.”

[Ginseng Baby:??]

“Wu!” “Wu!” “Mi!” Eleven, Buggy, and Chi Tong couldn’t disagree.

Initially, there might not have been any danger, but with Baby Ginseng hanging around outside, there would definitely be a lot of danger.

“Buggy, I’ll leave the reconnaissance to you. Let’s see if there are any creatures on this island first,” Shi Yu said. “Be careful. Don’t use Psychic Detection and Phantom.”

“Wu ~” Shi Yu gave the order. Buggy immediately expressed its understanding. It instantly used its phantom to create hundreds of small flying bugs that couldn’t be seen with the naked eye and started to fly in all

directions.

At the same time, Shi Yu made Little Chi Tong obediently enter his body and dye the hair red.

He put Eleven on his shoulder. This made him feel safe.

Shi Yu chatted with the Blue Sea Ruins for a few minutes.

He was very worried now. He didn’t know how Dragon Palace City would react after discovering that he had disappeared.

One Poison Dragon Totem was probably enough to give them a headache…

Shi Yu hoped he could figure this out and get back as soon as possible.

However, since he was already here, he definitely had to find the Heavenly Fated Slime first. Shi Yu had already confirmed that this guy was his fifth pet!

it wasn’t that there weren’t any creatures on this island.

However, the creatures on the island were very special.

As Buggy’s reconnaissance worm flew, it saw many colorful poisonous frogs, poisonous mushrooms, and poisonous bugs living on the island.

it was as if this island was a paradise for poison-type creatures.

However, fortunately, Buggy discovered that the growth levels of these poisonous creatures weren’t high. They basically didn’t exceed commander rank. This was a good thing. This way, the chances of Shi Yu and the

others encountering danger here were much lower.

“Wu (Little Snake)!!!”

The Phantom Reconnaissance Worm made by the worm quickly flew around the island. The strongest creature it discovered was only a monarch-level Ten Thousand Poison Python.

In the dense rainforest, in a damp cave, a multicolored python more than ten meters long was squinting, as if it was resting.

The Ten Thousand Poison Python was a monarch race’s poison-element creature. It was said that its body contained more than ten thousand types of poison.

At this moment, the Ten Thousand Poison Python was indeed sleeping. Taking advantage of this good opportunity, the flying insect illusions created by the worm crawled into its body and activated the Dream Stealing

Skill.

“How long will it take?” Shi Yu turned to ask Buggy from afar.

“Wu!!” Buggy said ten minutes.

Buggy was an all-purpose tool pet. Apart from being able to transform into various transportation tools, it was also very proficient in various vocation skills.

For example, cleaning the house. No one was faster than it. For example, when it taught other pets as a teacher, no skill was better than the Imagination Domain.

It could be a chef, a cameraman, and even a gardener for Baby Ginseng.

At the moment, it was obvious that the intelligence officer, Buggy, was online.

It directly used the phantom as a medium and used the Dream Steal skill to invade the Ten Thousand Poison Python’s dream realm, trying to steal valuable memories from its subconscious in its weak dream.

After being upgraded to the maximum level of Dream Steal, it could even steal the super skill from the ancient fossil and give it to the dream phantom, let alone the memory of the Ten Thousand Poison Python.

The information Shi Yu and the others wanted to know from the Ten Thousand Poison Python was also very simple. That was, the surrounding environment information…

As the strongest transcendent creature on this island, this Ten Thousand Poison Python should know the surrounding geographical environment better…

Generally speaking, after transcendent creatures reached the monarch level, as long as they weren’t from extremely special races, their intelligence wasn’t much inferior to humans.

This Ten Thousand Poison Python was nearly a hundred years old. It should have been in charge of this area for a long time. It already knew everything it needed to know.

“Wu ~” A moment later, Buggy sent Shi Yu a message.

“Wu =”

Firstly, this area was called the Rainbow Islands. It was a land without a master, with a total of 29 islands.

Why was it an ownerless place? Because during the last totem battle, a forbidden weapon battle happened here, causing the surrounding sea area to be polluted. There were basically no high-level creatures who

occupied this place as their territory.

The Rainbow Islands was also named at that time because the seawater at that time was basically colorful and belonged to the biological forbidden zone.

Although after more than a hundred years, the pollution had naturally become much calmer, this place was still ownerless. The strongest were only monarch-level creatures. These monarch-level creatures each

occupied an island as their territory. Then, these islands formed the entire archipelago.

This island was called Poison Fang Island, and it was the territory of this Ten Thousand Poison Python.

“Rainbow Islands?” Shi Yu fell into deep thought.

He had never heard of it. However, there were indeed many pollution places born because of forbidden weapons. Most importantly, they were rarely mentioned…

In the early stages of the development of the Mechanic class, the development of forbidden weapons had yet to mature. Compared to the various special forbidden weapons with no pollution that could attract natural

energy now, the forbidden weapons at that time usually liked to add some poisonous substances.

This combination of self-destruction could heavily injure those overlords and totems.

However, this way, the pollution to the environment was also very difficult to eliminate.

Poison-type creatures were still very glitchy. As long as the opponent didn’t have the ability to detoxify, poison-type creatures were also small experts who could fight above their level. Low-level beats using dirty

tricks to destroy high level ones was a common sight.

“Wu ~” Buggy continued to steal the Thousand Poison Python’s dream information.

Although this place was ownerless, there seemed to be traces of human activity. From time to time, Pirate Ships would pass by the Multi Colored Islands and stop on some islands, but those who could be reduced to

pirates weren’t very strong. At most, they were at the master level. They basically wouldn’t have any conflict with these kings of the islands, and everyone had been living in harmony.

Unfortunately, the Ten Thousand Poison Python didn’t know which faction these pirates came from.

“Does it know about Dragon Palace City?2” Shi Yu asked.

Buggy searched for a moment and showed joy.

“Wul!!”

This big worm actually knew.

This was because 50 years ago, an overlord-level Poison Wyrm was born in the Rainbow Islands. It unified the Rainbow Islands. In order to increase its bloodline, it hoped to lead the Rainbow Islands to join the Dragon

Palace City and obtain the protection of the Dragon Palace City. Therefore, it went to the Dragon Palace City.

Unfortunately, after that overlord went… he never returned.

The monarchs of the Rainbow Islands guessed that if the overlord didn’t die midway, it was because the environment of the Rainbow Islands was too poor. Dragon Palace City didn’t accept it, but the overlord wanted to

join Dragon Palace City too much to find a chance to increase his bloodline. Therefore, it stayed in Dragon Palace City and gave up the island.

“Overlord-level Poison Wyrm… I’ve never heard of it either, but since Dragon Palace City can still manage this place, it means that this place shouldn’t be very far from Dragon Palace City.”

Shi Yu suddenly became happy.

“Where’s the slime? Is there an island with the slime?!”

“Wul!!” Buggy nodded heavily. There was also this.

Most of the islands in the Rainbow Islands were occupied by poison-type creatures, but there was one island that was very special.

The King of the Islands was a water-element elemental life form. The monarch-level Cleansing Water Sprite King had only risen in the past ten years.

Under its jurisdiction and purification, that island was different from other islands. The environment was relatively beautiful.

Among them, many water elemental creatures lived on that island. There were a large number of water Slimes there, all citizens of the Cleansing Water Sprite King.

However, the problem was that perhaps the individualism was too special. The Cleansing Water Sprite King and the other kings of the islands constantly clashed, and the lives of the islands and other islands often

collided…

“It should be this island. Let’s go.” After Shi Yu obtained the information, he took a deep breath and slowly floated up. “Buggy, lead the way.”

“You’ve done well for being able to find the reincarnation of the Blue Sea Sprite so quickly! When we go back, I’ll reward you with doubled training. Try to train your overlord willpower as soon as possible!”

Buggy:???

Although it wanted to train its overlord will as soon as possible, why did this reward sound so wrong?

“Wuu.” An envious voice came from Shi Yu’s shoulder.

Buggy:???

Damn it, this was too much….