Chapter 272 - : Storming Dragon Palace City

Chapter 272: Storming Dragon Palace City

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator:

Atlas Studios

Editor:

Atlas Studios

Dragon Palace of the Sea Dragon King.

After hearing Prime Minister Turtle’s description, the Sea Dragon King fell into deep thought.

It said, “I understand. Where is that guy now? Then let me deal with that guy.”

“Prime Minister Turtle, take care of Senior Ice Dragon, Little Friend Shi Yu, and the others. I’ll be back soon.”

“also, investigate hard. How exactly was this guy born? Didn’t you say that it came from the direction of the seven islands just now??”

“Damn it, I knew that group of guys was restless. Back then, they made a lot of trouble for Lin Feng, and now they’re here again!!”

“Curse the seven islands!!!”

‘The more the Sea Dragon King thought about it, the angrier it became.

Please don’t let it find anything.

Otherwise, it would definitely encourage the other Dragon Kings to find trouble with the seven islands together.

So what if it was the Seven Nation Alliance? Dong Huang would definitely stand on the side of Dragon Palace City!

“TIl deal with that Poison Dragon first!”

“also, did you call the Immortal Dragon King back? The totem radiation that the holy shell can’t treat can only be treated by it.”

The old turtle said, “I’ve searched.”

Listening to the Sea Dragon King’s furious cursing, Ice Dragon and Shi Yu couldn’t say a word.

However, as the Sea Dragon King made a decision, Shi Yu couldn’t help but ask,

“Do you want to go yourself?”

“Will it be a little dangerous? The other party is also a totem.”

1

Ice Dragon said politely, “Do you need help?”

The Sea Dragon King said, “I’m in charge of the Dragon Palace banquet this time, so I’ll naturally go. Don’t worry, there’s also a difference between totems and totems.”

“It’s just a totem that mutated by radiation.”

1

It relied on transcendent skills and the legendary resources in the Dragon God Ruins to advance to a totem with the support of the two resources.

In addition, it was a dragon. It was easy to solve a small totem.

It had already entered the totem level for a hundred years. If it couldn’t defeat a newly mutated totem, it wouldn’t have to be called the Sea Dragon King.

“However, does Senior Ice Dragon want to take action? If we can have Senior Ice Dragon’s help, we can definitely finish that bastard faster,” the Sea Dragon King said quickly.

Ice Dragon:??

It was just being polite, this guy was really asking it to go?

This was ridiculous! It was a guest!

“Of course, it’s enough to rely on myself. It’s mainly because I feel that this might also be an opportunity.”

“Think about it, if Senior Ice Dragon can solve it with me, the ten million citizens of Dragon Palace City will definitely be very grateful. This will also be helpful for you to join the Dragon Palace in the future and establish your own faction and collect your faith.”

“Senior Ice Dragon, don’t you think that’s the case?”

“ah, this.” Initially, Ice Dragon was very against it originally and didn’t want to fight.

Especially when it came to ocean battles.

However, when it thought about it carefully, what the Sea Dragon King said seemed to make sense??

It directly joined Dragon Palace City. Although dragons would welcome it, not all sea beasts would warmly welcome it.

However, if it had just arrived in Dragon Palace City and defeated a big enemy of Dragon Palace City with the Sea Dragon King, then under the circumstances where the people were inclined, it, the Queen of Dragon Palace City, was simply too genuine.

Emperor Shi had said that the people’s hearts were the foundation to collect the power of faith. Those who obtained the people’s hearts would rule the world!

The ice dragon pondered for a moment. It seemed that it was indeed not difficult for it to defeat a mutated totem with the Sea Dragon King.

Since it wanted to live in Dragon Palace City for a long time, this batch of merits could be earned.

Ice Dragon said, “I’m ashamed to say this, but I think so too. Everything is for the citizens of Dragon Palace City.”

‘The Sea Dragon King said, “Yes, yes. Then, Senior Ice Dragon, shall we go together?”

“Roar!!!”

Shi Yu and Buggy :”…”

A moment later, the Sea Dragon King and the Ice Dragon left together, leaving Shi Yu and Buggy in a daze.

To be honest, although he really wanted to see the totem fight, he, Shi Yu, wouldn’t join in the fun.

This was poison and radiation. No matter how he thought about it, a small master like him couldn’t interfere. It was more like letting the Tyrannical Sea Legend do it.3

“Sir Shi Yu…”

At this moment, the Turtle Minister floated in the sky with a sorrowful expression, not knowing how to receive Shi Yu.

Shi Yu: “Can we eat these fruits?”

Damn, when the Sea Dragon King took out these rare fruits and mutant fruits, none were lower than level five. He even saw level-seven fruits. It would be a waste not to eat them.

“Of course. However, can you stay here alone for a while, Sir Shi Yu? I want to see the situation of the poisoned people. There should be a batch of poisoned citizens being transported to the secret realm of Dragon Palace City now.”

“Now, many seas have been polluted by radiation, and many sea beasts have been corroded by poison. If we can’t resolve it, the Sea Dragon King will probably have a headache.”

Shi Yu retracted Buggy. After a moment of silence, he said, “Then why don’t I go with you?”

“Huh?” The Turtle Prime Minister was stunned.

“Lalso have a pet that has mastered the healing ability. Perhaps I can go with you to take a look.”

Forget it, fruits could be eaten anytime. He wanted to see what the poison that made everyone in Dragon Palace City helpless was.

Could Baby Ginseng use the mutation to absorb it and create a poisonous fruit?

In the future, if it was eaten by an enemy overlord, it would be invincible.

The Turtle Minister immediately cried and said, “Although I don’t trust your ability very much, I’m too grateful for your good intentions.”

Shi Yu:

Was this being polite?

This turtle, did it know how to talk?

At the sea border between Dong Huang and the Seven Islands.

In the sea, a huge black dinosaur hundreds of meters tall was walking step by step.

4

With every step it took, the sea area its body came into contact with would be instantly polluted by a black radiation. Under the surging of the polluted water, countless sea beasts showed signs of being poisoned and almost fainted.

“Roar!!!”

The monster walked with no purpose. From time to time, a ray that emitted strong heat condensed in its mouth. When the ray swept over, the sea almost instantly evaporated.

1

“Roar!

This monster continued to destroy, and its physical fitness seemed to be endless.

Most sea beasts were fleeing crazily, but there were also creatures who took the initiative to approach this monster.

The sky darkened, rain and snow mixed, and strong winds howled.

“Roar!!!”

Two huge dragons appeared in the dark clouds. One was a standard Eastern Divine Dragon, and the other was a Western Frost Dragon. The two dragons stared at the black monster below, their eyes filled with judgment.

“The energy fluctuations are so strange,” the frost dragon said.

“However, its strength isn’t very strong,” it said.

The Sea Dragon King said, “After all, it just mutated into a totem.”

As the Sea Dragon King and the Ice Dragon appeared, the huge monster also slowly floated to the surface. After seeing them and capturing the strong aura of life, its desire to destroy became even stronger. A hot white light beam slowly condensed in its mouth.

Boom!!!

Its scarlet gaze turned to the Sea Dragon King and the frost dragon. The scorching light beam that was enough to easily heavily injure an overlord swept towards the two dragons.

“Roar!! (I’ll do it!!)”

In the next moment, accompanied by a roar in the sky, the sea in a radius of thousands of meters instantly froze. Even the huge monster’s body and the scorching light beam were instantly frozen. The surrounding time seemed to have stopped. In the sky, the frost dragon’s entire body emitted Heavenly

Frost Cold Energy, and its dragon might directly erupted.

How was it!

“Roar!!! (Senior Ice Dragon, I was just about to mobilize the power of nature when you froze it!)”

“Roar??? (Ah, our attributes aren’t very cooperative.)”

As the two dragons conversed in confusion, the huge monster emitted a red heat wave. The frost on its body began to slowly melt. At the same time, the frost that froze the hot beam gradually began to melt. With a bang, the frost on the monster’s body shattered. With a huge roar, the hot beam still swept

towards the Sea Dragon King and the frost dragon quickly.

“Roar!! (Leave it to me!!)” This time, the Sea Dragon King shouted.

In the secret realm of Dragon Palace City.

Clearwater Island.

Prime Minister Turtle brought Shi Yu here.

At this moment, many sea beasts that had been poisoned had indeed been teleported over.

‘There were transcendent, commander, monarch, and even overlord ranks!

On the huge Clearwater Island, water bubbles that emitted white light floated.

On every water bubble was a sea beast with dark skin.

Under these bubbles, a pearl creature less than a meter tall with a white shell and intelligent eyes on the white pearl inside was hurriedly handling something.

Around them, there was also a huge pink jellyfish and a blue coral creature. Shi Yu, who had arrived with the Turtle Prime Minister, took a look and instantly recognized them.

Sacred Healing Light Shell,

The pink sea immortal spiritual jellyfish.

Heavenly Blue Star Coral.

They were all healing sea creatures of overlord races. Most importantly, these three sea beasts had also reached the overlord level and were extremely powerful.

Apart from them, there were also many monarch-level healing sea creatures around. They were also busy checking the situation of the poisoned sea beasts that had been sent over, trying to use their various skills to heal them.

“Doctor Shell, Doctor Shell, how’s the situation? Rakshasha overlord…”

After the Turtle Minister, who had brought Shi Yu over, arrived at Clearwater Island, he asked nervously.

The Holy Healing Shell looked at the Tortoise Prime Minister and shook its head. “No, not only can the injuries of the Rakshasa overlord not recover, but the injuries of the other sea beasts are the same. We’ve tried everything, but we can’t cleanse the radiation toxins in their bodies.”

“Ah.” The Turtle Prime Minister looked at the countless bubbles floating in the air in confusion. It was speechless. How could this be?

“But you don’t have to be nervous, Prime Minister Turtle,” Doctor Shell said.

“Although we can’t completely cleanse them, we’ve already slowed down the spread of the poison. When Lord Immortal Dragon King returns, he can definitely easily heal them.”

“That’s, that’s the only way.” When the Turtle Prime Minister heard that, it choked.

The Immortal Dragon King was an ocean sprite dragon, one of the totems of Dragon Palace City. It was good at healing and cleansing. Until now, there had been no injuries or poison that it couldn’t heal. It could be said that its dragon fate in Dragon Palace City was even better than the Dragon God.

“By the way, this is…” Dragon Palace City’s Holy Clam looked at Shi Yu.

At this moment, Shi Yu was looking at the poisoned person on the bubble.

“Ah, this is Sir Shi Yu, the honored guest of the Sea Dragon King. He said that he also wanted to see the poisoned person, so I brought him here,” said the Turtle Prime Minister.

“Sir Shi Yu,” Doctor Shell greeted.

However, at this moment, Doctor Shell realized that Shi Yu’s expression was surprisingly serious.

A ginseng baby crawled out of Shi Yu’s hat and also stared at the monarch crab on a bubble with a serious expression.

“Tsay… Prime Minister Turtle…”

“Is it too late to call Lord Sea Dragon King and Senior Ice Dragon back now??”

“What’s wrong?” The Turtle Prime Minister was stunned.

“You guys… have you heard of Yun An??”