Chapter 274 - Advising Against Entering The Pit

Chapter 274 Advising Against Entering the Pit

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Shi Yu’s words directly choked the three overlords, the Holy Healing Light Shell, the Pink Sea Immortal Spirit Water Jellyfish, and the Heavenly Blue Star Coral.

Why not ask the magical Blue Sea Ruins?

Good question! But… what the hell!

How??

If it weren’t for the fact that the Turtle Prime Minister had said that Shi Yu was the Sea Dragon King’s guest, they would definitely have suspected that Shi Yu was a fool. “The Blue Sea Ruins is a dead object. Only the Inner Sea Sprites can resonate with it…” Doctor Shell explained.

“But… As long as it’s an object that has undergone the baptism of time, even if it’s just a stone mirror, it’s possible for a historical spirit to be born and record some important information,” Shi Yu said. “In telepathy, there’s a special branch of abilities that can listen to the voice of history and listen to the voice of all things. Since the Blue Sea Ruins was built by the Blue Sea Sprites that carry countless beliefs, in theory… there should also be a historical spirit.”

After Shi Yu finished speaking, the three ocean overlords were stunned.

“You mean the special talent of the Dong Huang archeologist?” Doctor Shell asked.

Because Dragon Palace City was in an alliance with Dong Huang, it was definitely one of the transcendent biological factions that understood the human world system the most.

For example, many of the ocean overlords of Dragon Palace City had actually followed human Beast Tamers before.

In addition to the Dragon Palace banquet that happened every five years, it wasn’t like they didn’t know anything about the situation in the human world.

Doctor Shell had really heard of the listening talent Shi Yu mentioned.

But soon, its pearl face revealed a regretful expression.

“It won’t work. I seem to remember that it’s called Bureau 11? A group of guys explored the Blue Sea Ruins in that place, and it wasn’t even the Blue Sea Ruins in Dragon Palace City. But in the end, they didn’t discover anything. Are you talking about their talent?” Shi Yu :”…”

Damn it.

Senior Lu was right.

These seniors were indeed not obedient.

Wherever there were ruins, there they were.

But the problem was that if they came to explore, so be it… But they dragged down the coolness of archeologists and Bureau 11! This made it difficult for him to say that he was also a member of Bureau 11 and wanted to explore the Blue Sea Ruins.

“Ha… Ha…” Shi Yu scratched his head in embarrassment and said,” Perhaps their listening positioning was wrong.” “By the way, is the division of the Blue Sea Ruins in Dragon Palace City on this island…” Shi Yu suddenly looked at a huge ruin door that seemed to be purely made of water in the distance of Clearwater Island.

Ginseng Baby: („cowo)

Baby Ginseng suddenly felt that Shi Yu’s intention to court death was restless.

Was it because he didn’t dare to go to the Dragon God Ruins and was persuaded by Buggy to go to the Blue Sea Ruins? At this moment, Shi Yu’s curiosity was diverted again.

He wanted to take a look at the Blue Sea Ruins. Regarding the injuries of these sea beasts, he and Baby Ginseng were also helpless. They could only leave it to Dragon Palace City to deal with it themselves. However, he was deeply interested in the Blue Sea Sprite that Doctor Shell mentioned.

A water elemental life form born from the desire of countless sea creatures?

Master the strongest purification power?

Shi Yu felt that they could get to know each other.

To be honest, he had already started to consider teaching Baby Ginseng cleansing skills.

The main reason was that Eleven had yet to absorb another piece of the meteorite fragment.

According to Zhong Xuan, the meteorite fragment contained a strong power of the demon god. It suggested that it should absorb it after it reached the overlord level. Only then could its evolution be guaranteed. In the end, Zhong Xuan was afraid that Eleven’s mind would be affected by the power of the meteor.

Therefore, Shi Yu had thought of many ways to increase the success rate of Eleven absorbing the meteorite fragment. After all, he also wanted to ensure that Eleven’s evolution was foolproof. Among them, cooperating with cleansing skills was a plan. In Shi Yu’s team, Baby Ginseng was the one who contracted the purification skill the most.

However, it wasn’t especially compatible.

According to statistics, purification skills were mainly still mainstream with light, water, and wind attributes.

And Baby Ginseng’s light-element compatibility was definitely not as strong as those real light-element creatures.

It wasn’t that wood-element didn’t have cleansing skills, but there were very few, and the level was very low.

The wood element that it was good at was actually more inclined towards replenishing hp and mana.

Including the ability of the baby ginseng race, it was also to replenish blood and mana.

However, purification was still essentially eliminating bad or unnecessary impurities, allowing energy to reach a pure level. There was still an intrinsic difference from healing skills that recovered life and energy.

The reason why Shi Yu had yet to teach Baby Ginseng and the others cleansing skills was firstly because Eleven had yet to break through to the monarch level before and didn’t need the Meteorite Fragment. It wasn’t that urgent, and secondly, he hadn’t found a cleansing skill that matched them.

Now, after hearing that the Blue Sea Sprite had mastered the strongest cleansing ability, how could Shi Yu not be tempted?

If it was really as powerful as Doctor Shell said, then using this power to ensure that Eleven successfully evolved into a Demon God Panda, it would definitely be foolproof.

In fact, if it could even purify Yun An’s radiation, then Yun An would really be a pollution-free renewable resource… At that time, forget one piece, as long as they could find Yun An, Eleven would probably be fine eating a house of Yun An’s fragments.

Moreover, if it could even cleanse Yun An’s main body, then the radiation power of the Poison Dragon Totem that had similar power fluctuations with Yun An should be easy to cleanse. The situation in Dragon Palace City could definitely be successfully resolved.

“Roar!!!!”

Soon, strong winds rose above the secret realm of Dragon Palace.

Under the rumbling of lightning and thunder, a vague white divine dragon appeared in the wind. This white divine dragon was huge and not much inferior to the Sea Dragon King. It also had the appearance of an Eastern divine dragon, but from the color, it was another race. It was similar to the Third Crown Prince of Dragon Palace City, the White Dragon.

The traces of its appearance didn’t last long before its aura immediately disappeared. A moment later, the old turtle hurriedly returned to Clearwater Island and ran back.

“I’ve already informed Lord Azure Dragon to assist Lord Sea Dragon King.”

After it returned to Clearwater Island, it immediately asked the three healing overlords about the poisoner. “There’s still no other way. We can only wait for Lord Immortal Dragon King,” Doctor Shelly said.

“Sigh, what’s going on? Looks like the Dragon Palace banquet is going to be delayed this time…” The Turtle Minister looked worried.

Many factions who had decided to participate in the banquet had been poisoned and injured here. The chances of the Dragon Palace banquet successfully continuing were not high.

With its understanding of the Sea Dragon King, the other party would definitely delay the banquet and wait to settle the Poison Dragon Totem and treat the injured before continuing.

In that case… the impact was actually very big. Of course, it had an effect on the Sea Dragon King.

The factions who came to participate in the Dragon Palace banquet naturally didn’t feel that there was anything wrong.

After all, Dragon Palace City provided food and accommodation during the Dragon Palace banquet. They ate the best, slept the best.

They probably wanted to delay it for a few more days.

But in the next few days… most of the losses would be paid out of the Sea Dragon King’s own pocket.

As a live-in son-in-law… Sigh.

“Eh.” After the old sea turtle painfully thought of its loss, it suddenly realized that something was missing in front of it.

“Doctor Shelly, where’s Sir Shi Yu?”

Doctor Shell, who had already run to study the poison, said, “I think… I think he wants to go to the Blue Sea Ruins to take a look?”

Turtle Prime Minister:??

Holy shit, why did these humans from Bureau 11 like to go to the various ruins of the Blue Sea Ruins, the Dragon God Ruins, and the Dragon Palace City every time they came to Dragon Palace City?

The Sea Ruins was indeed on this Clearwater Island.

The Blue Sea Sprite mastered the power of purification, and this island was also called Clearwater Island. It was probably related to some historical story.

After Shi Yu obtained the agreement of Doctor Shell and the others, he brought Baby Ginseng to the Blue Sea Ruins.

This was the first time he had seen such a ruin.

The Blue Sea Ruins was very tall. It was more than a hundred meters in length, width, and height. It was very similar to a building in Shi Yu’s memories. It was water cubic, and the dreamy blue surface of the ruins looked like crystalline water droplets under the sun. At least, Shi Yu felt that this ruin should be made of water elements.

“Found it.”

As he approached the Blue Sea Ruins, Shi Yu investigated the information about the Blue Sea Ruins through the archeological index and learned that this was also a half independent mystic realm-type spatial ruin.

From the outside, the Blue Sea Ruins looked like a huge water cube, but in fact, the inside of the Blue Sea Ruins was different. Most importantly, be it the Blue Sea Ruins in Dragon Palace City or the countless Blue Sea Ruins everywhere in the ocean, the water cubes that could be seen in the outside world were projections of the mystic realm. They were substantial mirages. There was only one true ruin, and that was the inner space that these water cubes led to.

They were equivalent to a broadcast station and spatial teleportation point across the ocean, as if they were just for the convenience of calling the reincarnations of the Blue Sea Sprites. “Wuu.”

“Wu.”

“Yi.”

“Mi.”

At this moment, apart from Baby Ginseng, the other three little guys were also called out by Shi Yu. They also widened their eyes and observed the beautiful sea ruins together. “The Blue Sea Sprites are very particular. The ruins are so beautiful.” Shi Yu touched his chin.

“Wu ~” Buggy agreed. This was much prettier than the Ice Dragon Ruins.

“Mi!” Chi Tong didn’t like hearing Buggy question Mu Huiyin’s aesthetic taste. “Wuu!” Eleven told them not to be noisy. If they continued to do it, would there still be Iron-eating Beast ruins in the ancient capital?

That was a completely broken ruin without even an independent space. “Wuu.”

But… could it really be said that the iron-eating beast ruins were lousy?

After all, it was a ruin that he could hear something from and obtained the iron-eating beast’s evolution method.

As long as there were gains, it was a good ruin. Otherwise, it was useless if it was mute.

The current Blue Sea Ruins… looked flashy without substance.

“Indeed…” Shi Yu muttered. In the information about the Blue Sea Ruins in the archeological index, there were actually comments from the seniors of Bureau 11.

This wasn’t strange… The information was also collected by humans. Probably only the seniors of Bureau 11 had the right to evaluate such a high-level ruin.

He also saw Senior Lu’s evaluation.

Lu Qingyi: “I don’t recommend archeological newbies entering the pit.”