Chapter 273 - Blue Sea Sprite

Chapter 273: Blue Sea Sprite

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator:

Atlas Studios

Editor:

Atlas Studios

“Yun An?? What’s that???”

Shi Yu’s words made Prime Minister Turtle, Doctor Shell, and the other creatures look confused.

Obviously, they had never heard of Yun An.

However, this was also normal. After all, in history, Yun An mainly moved on land.

“We feel that the radiation on their bodies is very similar to the power fluctuations of Yun An…”

vyil!”

On Shi Yu’s head, a small ginseng baby grew out of Baby Ginseng’s arm. It directly jumped onto the healing bubble and reached out to touch the poisoned person’s body.

In the next moment, this baby ginseng clone’s face distorted and its body trembled.

The strong mutation power directly made Baby Ginseng’s body give out waning signs crazily. Even if it was a transcendent mutant, it couldn’t withstand the radiation.

This was the first time Baby Ginseng had encountered such a situation.

“The radiation on that monster’s body isn’t that simple. You mustn’t come into contact with it.”

“I know this radiation poison.”

“It’s very similar to a radiation power I know. The source should be from outer space. No, this kind of radiation, although it’s a little similar to the injuries caused by Yun An, it seems to be different.” Shi Yu’s expression instantly became serious.

Yun An was on the seven islands?

Or could it be that someone was using Yun An’s power to create forbidden weapons?

Shi Yu took a deep breath and said, “You’ve never heard of Yun An. Then you’ve heard of Emperor Wu, right? The second human legend in the Dong Huang Dynasty after Emperor Shi.”

“He contracted a total of nine totem-level battle beasts, each with incomparably powerful strength. As for Yun An, he was the great enemy of the Dong Huang Dynasty at that time and was known as the king of totems.”

“It’s a life form formed by a meteor from outer space that landed on blue planet ten thousand years ago. It carries the radiation power from outer space. The injuries radiated by the power are impossible to treat. Although Emperor Wu and its nine great pets suppressed Yun An, because of this incurable

injury, they can only end up in mutual destruction.”

“The Emperor at that time tried Mythical resources, Legendary resources, and many totems proficient in healing and purification. He tried everything, but unfortunately, he couldn’t heal his injuries.”

“T’ve once come into contact with Senior Emperor Wu’s battle pet, Chong Xuan, and seen it one last time. At that time, its entire body had already been corroded and dried up by the power radiation of Yun An. The current situation… the power corrosion on their bodies… It’s very similar to the power

fluctuations of Yun An.”

“If it’s really Yun An’s power… Even if it’s a totem level healing power, it might not necessarily work…”

As Shi Yu finished speaking, Prime Minister Turtle and Doctor Shell opened their mouths wide.

What!!!

They were timid! Stop scaring them!

“Then, then, then, then…” The Turtle Prime Minister was directly stunned.

“So I’m asking, is it too late to call Dragon Mother back now?” Shi Yu also had a long face.

Please don’t become like that old bastard!!!

He didn’t want the old to give funerals to the young.

“Lord Sea Dragon King…!!”

“Go, quickly call the other Dragon Kings to support the Sea Dragon King,” the Turtle Prime Minister shouted.

Beside him, Shi Yu had a headache and started to worry about Ice Dragon.

Holy shit.

How could he meet Yun An in Dragon Palace City?

What was going on?

Although this power came from an unknown monster, he didn’t believe that the monster wasn’t related to Yun An at all.

If this kind of injury was similar to the injury Yun An had caused, then there was no solution at all.

Emperor Wu had proven everything with his own experience.

He had already found all the methods he could find, so Shi Yu definitely had no other choice.

Even Baby Ginseng, a transcendent-level mutant couldn’t withstand the radiation… Unless the regression effect of the Time Fruit could last forever, otherwise, this was an unsolvable injury.

2

As for the other abilities of the ginseng baby, there was even less of a need to talk about them. Its race was only good at life healing, and when it came to radiation toxins, what was needed was purification. This ginseng baby didn’t know at all. The two weren’t in the same power system at all.

“You mean that even Lord Immortal Dragon King can’t heal this kind of injury??”

“Tm not sure, I don’t know either.” Shi Yu shook his head. “That monster shouldn’t be Yun An… Perhaps it can be cleansed.”

The Immortal Dragon King of Dragon Palace City had probably mastered a cleansing super skill above Perfect Proficiency. He didn’t know if it could do it.

At that moment.

Dragon Palace City was filled with joy.

The news of the appearance of the poison dragon monster had yet to reach Dragon Palace City.

At the moment, only a small number of higher-ups knew about the Poison Dragon Totem.

After hearing Shi Yu’s description, the Turtle Prime Minister was so scared that it rushed to find reinforcements. Only Shi Yu and a group of ocean healing pets stared at the poisoned citizens in the bubble.

At this moment, as Shi Yu, who understood the source of this radiation, appeared, the Holy Shell, the Pink Sea Immortal Spirit Water Jellyfish, and the Heavenly Blue Star Coral immediately asked Shi Yu for more information.

Unfortunately, what Shi Yu knew was limited.

il!

Baby Ginseng:

Baby Ginseng: (Iw

However, Baby Ginseng replaced Shi Yu and tried its best to describe the horror of Yun An’s radiation to the few overlords. It had seen the tragic state of Zhong Xuan.

The three overlord healers were shocked: w 833%) w

‘When they heard that, their hearts instantly turned cold.

Now, not only was one overlord of Dragon Palace City corroded by that poison dragon, but thousands of sea beasts under the jurisdiction of Dragon Palace City were also in trouble. Most importantly, the Dragon Palace sea area had also been completely polluted. If it couldn’t be cleansed, Dragon Palace

City’s reputation would definitely be severely affected.

When the radiation flowed to other places, the impact would definitely be greater.

“Lord Immortal Dragon King…” The pink sea immortal spiritual jellyfish started to pray for the Immortal Dragon King, who had gone out, to return quickly.

It hoped that the other party could easily solve everything.

“If it’s really as Sir Shi Yu said…”

“What should we do if Lord Immortal Dragon King can’t solve it?” the Heavenly Blue Star Coral cried.

The Holy Healing Shell frowned and said, “If even Lord Immortal Dragon King can’t solve it, I reckon only that one can… But the problem is that the other party hasn’t appeared for nearly three thousand years.”

Shi Yu, who was studying the injuries of these poisonous sea beasts with Baby Ginseng’s clone, asked, “Is there anyone more proficient in the power of purification than the Immortal Dragon King??”

“yes! However, it doesn’t belong to Dragon Palace City… Moreover, its whereabouts are too difficult to find…”

“But if it’s still here, it can definitely do it. Even the radiation of Yun An you mentioned is not worth mentioning in front of it.”

Shi Yu was stunned. He looked at the Holy Healing Shell and said, “Lord Holy Shell, who… are you talking about?”

The Holy Healing Shell said, “It’s Lord Blue Sea Sprite…”

“Blue Sea Sprite?” Shi Yu kept feeling that he had heard of it somewhere.

“Lord Blue Sea Sprite has existed since the totem era.”

“Although we don’t know what Yun An is, in the records of Dragon Palace City, from the totem era, there have been countless meteorites that descended from outer space in hundreds of millions of years.”

“among them, there are also some meteorites with the radiation power from outer space that will cause the ocean to be polluted.”

“After the homes of countless sea creatures are polluted, what awaits them is basically the extinction of races.”

“In this case, it’s said that the Lord Sea Sprite is an incarnation of the sea born from the faith of countless sea creatures.”

“It grasps the strongest purification power and wanders in the entire sea. Wherever it goes, the sewage will be clear, the radiation will disappear, and the curse will disappear. Even the evil heart can be washed away by it and completely purified.”

“From ancient times until now, countless ocean creatures with evil hearts have become a good beast that helps fish and becomes the guardian of the sea under the purification of the Lord Sea Sprite. Therefore… The Lord Sea Sprite is also known as the Holy Lady of the sea.”

“It bears the faith of almost all ocean creatures. It’s the ocean sprite closest to the mythical level. Our Dragon Palace City has also received the favor of the sea spirit. If it were the sea sprite, it would definitely be able to cleanse everything, but…”

“But?” Shi Yu asked.

“Yi.” Baby Ginseng widened its eyes.

It was the big boss.

“Even if it’s an elemental creature, there will be a day when its life force is exhausted. Moreover, the Lord Sea Spirit cleanses the ocean all the time. Therefore, every once in a long time, the Lord Sea Spirit will undergo reincarnation.”

“It has lasted from countless years ago through this method.”

“Sometimes, it appears in the form of a mermaid. Sometimes, it appears in the form of a whale. Sometimes, it appears in the form of a water sprite. Almost every lifetime, it will transform into a new water elemental form.”

“However, it’s said that after every reincarnation, Lord Sea Spirit won’t directly have the power from before, nor will it inherit the memories from before. It will only inherit the powerful heart that wants to cleanse all filth.”

“Of course, there’s still a chance for Lord Sea Spirit’s reincarnation to take back its previous power. Before the first reincarnation, Lord Blue Sea Spirit built the Sea Ruins in various places in the ocean. After Lord Sea Spirit’s reincarnation grows to a certain level, it will vaguely summon it and guide it to

accept the previous power inheritance.”

“Evolve from different reincarnations into the real Blue Sea Sprite.”

“At that time, the Blue Sea Sprite will awaken its own exclusive cleansing ability. Under this cleansing power, there’s almost no filth to resist. It’s been like this for hundreds of millions of years…”

Shi Yu was in a daze. There was actually such an impressive transcendent creature in the sea?

It had actually lived for hundreds of millions of years through reincarnation.

The Holy Healing Shell said, “Unfortunately, the Blue Sea Sprite hasn’t appeared in 3,000 years. This means that… its recent reincarnation shouldn’t have been able to grow up and receive the summoning of the Blue Sea Ruins.”

“Otherwise, if Lord Sea Spirit is still around, it can definitely cleanse the radiation erosion on Senior Emperor Wu you mentioned.”

“Can’t we find its reincarnation?” Shi Yu asked.

“It can’t be helped… No one knows what form the reincarnation of the Lord Sea Sprite is in and where it is. Finding a water elemental life form of unknown race and level in the huge ocean is no different from finding a needle in a haystack…”

“Otherwise, if we can find it, with the kindness the Lord Sea Sprite has shown to the sea creatures, there will definitely be countless totems willing to protect it and help it grow.”

The Holy Shell said with pity.

“[mean, since the Sea Ruins can summon the reincarnation of the Sea Sprite, the Sea Ruins definitely know where the reincarnation of the Inner Sea Sprite is. Why don’t you ask the Blue Sea Ruins?”

1

The Holy Healing Light Beetle overlord:??

1