Chapter 279 - 9 I’Ll Protect This Island

Chapter 279 I’ll Protect This Island

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator:

Atlas Studios

Editor:

Atlas Studios

Shi Yu raised the Water Slime and stared at its blue body as he pondered slightly.

“Ning? (Name?)”

At the side, Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, and Chi Tong also looked over.

It was time for the exciting naming segment again.

“What do you guys have in mind?”

Shi Yu asked everyone.

“A more casual and cute nickname.”

“Wuu! (Call it 15!)”

Eleven was the first to speak.

“No, it’s too casual.”

Shi Yu retorted.

Eleven:???

So its name was not casual?!

Although it had indeed been called Eleven since it was born…

The panda hammered the table with both fists, very unhappy.

“Wu ~ (Call it Watery.)”

Buggy suggested.

“Yi! (It should be called Water Baby.)”

Baby Ginseng also suggested.

“Wal” “Vil”

Then, Buggy and Baby Ginseng argued non-stop.

“Mi…”

Chi Tong was conflicted. What was going on?

The Water Slime was also very silent when it heard this.

It felt that calling it a water slime seemed pretty good.

“If you want to recite it smoothly, you definitely have to stack the words,” Shi Yu analyzed.

Buggy and Baby Ginseng were overjoyed.

Was Shi Yu going to accept their suggestion?

However, clearly not.

Shi Yu stared at the Water Slime and planned to act freely.

“Since your whole body is made of water elements…”

“Then I’ll call you Susu. The name is Susu.”

“Just nice, vegetarian. It also has the meaning of original, primordial, and true colors. It can also represent your dream to let everything that has been polluted return to its original color.”

“Huh?” The Water Slime was stunned.

Susu…

The Water Slime read it out loud and nodded happily.

It indeed sounded a little more reliable than Watery. This was it.

“Then, Susu.”

Shi Yu grinned.

At this moment, Eleven, Buggy, and Baby Ginseng were comparing this name to their own. Which was better?

After comparing, they gave up.

Shi Yu was bad at names…

Qishui Island.

After a period of time, the Cleansing Water Sprite King’s cleansing competition ended.

The champion and runner-up were each won by a commander rank Cleansing Water Sprite.

The Water Elemental Sprite, the Cleansing Water Sprite, and the Cleansing Water Sprite King were all water elemental creatures. There was also a certain evolution chain between them.

Among them, the Cleansing Water Sprite was a water-element creature that led races and mastered the cleansing ability. It was very normal for them to snatch the crown.

Not long after the Cleansing Competition ended, Shi Yu’s figure appeared on the island again.

At the same time, Susu, Chi Tong, Eleven, Buggy, and Baby Ginseng followed beside Shi Yu.

As usual, he had favoritism toward new pets, so Shi Yu left the most conspicuous spot for Susu.

Although Susu didn’t want to be carried either… Shi Yu hadn’t squeezed enough.

“Infinite devour can only evolve around ‘water ‘…”

“I wonder what will happen if you swallow more seawater.”

After coming out, Shi Yu looked at the blue sky and the sea.

Before coming out, Shi Yu and the others tried to let Susu devour something.

Then, he realized that Susu couldn’t evolve other attributes and awaken racial skills of other attributes.

tt could only awaken racial skills related to “water”.

tt was unknown if it was the skill effect restriction or the proficiency restriction.

For example, if they let Susu devour ice-element energy crystals, Susu could only awaken the “freeze water” skill!

Or for example, if they let Susu devour fire-element energy crystals, Susu could only awaken the “Boil Water” skill!

For example, the Sea Dragon King Phantom that Buggy created… They let Susu devour it and could only awaken the high-level water-element skill “Water Dragon Tornado”!

Even the “poison resistance” and “lightning resistance” were established under the purification ability of water and the insulation ability of pure water.

As for powerful resources like the “Fruit of Time”, it was unknown if it couldn’t be digested by infinite devour or if the compatibility was insufficient. In short, no skills could be converted. This was very annoying.

< Name > Mutated Water Slime

Attributes]: Water

Race Level]: Low-level Monarch

Level of Growth]: Commander Level

Race Skill]:

Low-level: Bubble (Expert), Lightning Resistance (Initiate), Poison Resistance (Initiate)

ntermediate: Water Regeneration (Initiate), Boil Water (Initiate), Freeze Water (Initiate), Cleanse (Initiate)

Advanced: Water Dragon Tornado (Initiate), Multiplication (Proficient)

Super level: Water Elemental Control (Initiate)

[Taught Skill]:

Advanced: Deterrence (Initiate)

Super level: Infinite Devour (Initiate)

Energy Points: 33,113

Now, after coming out of the ruins space, Susu had already been reborn.

Apart from the Cleansing Water Sprite King, probably no native on this island was stronger.

However, although its abilities looked complicated, it was actually not complicated.

Because apart from deterrence and infinite devouring, the effect of all the low, intermediate, and high-level racial skills of Susu were basically covered by the control of the water element.

To put it bluntly, its current ability was to control water.

Water Element Control was the high-level skill of these skills.

Even without those skills, through the control of the water element, Susu could reduce the water temperature to freezing water and raise it to boiling water.

tt could also purify the water and achieve the effect of resisting lightning.

tt could also control the water and repair its body.

However, this kind of skill separation was actually pretty good. Compared to super skills, Shi Yu could easily add points to low-level skills and let it form battle power as soon as possible.

Although the control of the water element was stronger, apart from these abilities, it could also pray for rain, create water bodies, and transform into various low-level water-element skills. However, it was too

difficult to add points, so it seemed boring.

However, although it was difficult to add points, Shi Yu would definitely level them up as soon as he recovered.

After all, when Susu was cultivated to the overlord level, it could receive the inheritance of the Blue Sea Ruins and evolve into a quasi-mythical Blue Sea Sprite.

This was the final goal!

And adding some super racial skills was the most perfect way to let it reach the overlord level.

“Infinite Devour is not a racial skill after all. It can’t lead to an increase in growth level. It’s better to wait until super skills are less draining before adding it.”

“Let’s focus on the super racial skill ‘Water Element Control’ first!”

At the moment, the entry-level Infinite Devour should have reached the limit by raising Susu’s racial level to the monarch race.

ff he wanted to increase its level, it had to devour higher-level resources.

The control of the water element was due to Susu’s own elemental race and the ten nutritional evolution fruits. But now, after reaching the monarch race, it was already very difficult for resources of the same level to

increase Susu’s race level. It was impossible to rely on ordinary resources to increase it to an overlord race.

However, even if Shi Yu and the others obtained high-level resources, with Susu’s current growth level and unlimited devouring proficiency, she probably couldn’t digest and transform them.

However, even if Shi Yu and the others obtained high-level resources, with Susu’s current growth level and infinite devour proficiency, it probably couldn’t digest and transform them.

However, it was not impossible to increase its race level in advance and without having to add points to Infinite Devour.

ff he could find high-quality and low-level resources like the Sea Serpent’s Dragon Ball, there was still a chance. However, Shi Yu didn’t have such resources in his hands now. He didn’t know if Dragon Palace City had

them…

Therefore, it was time to return to Dragon Palace City quickly.

“Mil!”

After Shi Yu and the others came out, the Cleansing Water Sprite King came immediately.

However, after coming over, the Cleansing Water Sprite King looked at Shi Yu, who was holding the Water Slime, and was immediately stunned.

It wasn’t because Shi Yu was carrying the Water Slime.

It was because Shi Yu’s hair was completely gray. He looked like a different person from before.

“It’s alright, it’s alright,” Shi Yu said.

The Cleansing Water Sprite King wanted to say something but hesitated. It looked at Susu again.

Apart from Shi Yu’s change, it also sensed that the water slime’s change was abnormally big.

“…(You…)” It looked at Susu in confusion.

“Ning… (I’m just a water slime, I don’t know how to explain it either),” Susu said.

The Cleansing Water Sprite King :”…”

“Its talent is not bad. Next, it’ll follow beside me to train!” Shi Yu rubbed it.

“Ning!” Susu struggled with all its might, indicating that this was all to become stronger.

The Cleansing Water Sprite King was silent.

Ah.

It immediately felt that the fruit Ginseng Baby gave it wasn’t so good anymore.

Therefore, the Water Slime… now had Shi Yu as a backer?

Clearly… it was the strongest cleansing sprite on the island…

Why… Why did Shi Yu favor the Water Slime so much…

It, the Cleansing Water Sprite King, also wanted to be the deputy minister of the environmental department!

The thought of the Water Slime eating nutritional fruits every day pained the Water Sprite King.

“How’s the competition?” Shi Yu asked.

“Zhu!! (The Purification Competition has ended…)”

“Then you should distribute the rewards according to the results.”

“Well… By the way, do you know… the direction of Dragon Palace City?”

The Cleansing Water Sprite King:??

Susu: “2”

Weren’t they from Dragon Palace City?

“Mil!”

Although it felt that something was wrong, the Cleansing Water Sprite King shook its head. It was really not very sure. It only knew that Dragon Palace City was in the deep sea.

“Sigh!” Shi Yu sighed. It was really useless.

As expected, he couldn’t give the position to him.

It looked like he still had to take a look at the Blue Sea Ruins first.

This time, there was the Sea Sprite Reincarnation. Perhaps the Blue Sea Ruins was willing to open the door.

If it still didn’t work, he could only go to other islands to ask for information.

If he really couldn’t, there seemed to be pirates nearby…

“Then let’s go,” Shi Yu said to Buggy. At the same time, he said to the Cleansing Water Sprite King, “We’ll return to Dragon Palace City first. If nothing goes wrong, we should still come. During this period, you just

have to stay on the island.”

“Or do you want to go with me?”

If they left together, Shi Yu could store the Cleansing Water Sprite King and the others in the ruins space.

“Mil!”

The Cleansing Water Sprite King shook its head.

At all times, there were water sprites who escaped to Qishui Island to seek protection. If they left, the Rainbow Islands would not have any pure lands anymore.

“Alright… How about this? Before we leave, I’ll leave you a sea calming rod to protect Qishui Island!”

Thinking that it was very easy for Qishui Island to be coveted, Shi Yu decided to let Eleven and Buggy create a weapon wrapped in deterrence and lightning to stay here.