Chapter 271 - Could It Be Buggy’S Epic Strengthening

Chapter 271 Could It Be Buggy’s Epic Strengthening

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Long time no see…”

Seeing the Sky Penetrating Whale and the White Azure Dragon, Shi Yu chuckled. He didn’t expect that the one in charge of guarding the entrance of the Dragon Palace City’s mystic realm was an old familiar beast.

At this moment, under the shocked expressions of everyone, the Transcendent Whale asked again, “Excuse me, is your friend here?” “Oh, oh, I’ll call it.”

The conversation between Shi Yu and the Sky Penetrating Whale confused Zou Tianwang, Yu Shu, Yin Zhengfan, and the others.

But in the next moment, their expressions froze.

Hu hu hu ~

Hu hu hu ~ ~

Under Shi Yu’s summoning, the surrounding temperature fell almost instantly.

Strands of cold wind lingered on the ground without any warning, freezing the air instantly and causing frost crystals to dance in the sky.

Under the outline of the snowstorm, a huge monster dozens of meters long spread its huge wings and descended, as if a legend had appeared. “Roar!!!”

It roared, and the strong ice stone body covered in blue and purple dragon scales directly stretched out. A cold wind swept the dragon might in all directions…

Boom!!!

With a boom, the surrounding time seemed to have frozen. After the Sky Penetrating Whale and the Mutated Giant Leviathan suddenly froze, they looked at this incomparably huge dragon.

“I feel so good.”

The frost dragon felt comfortable in its heart. It had only yawned just now. After being summoned from the Ice Dragon Ruins by Shi Yu, it swung its thick tail and looked around with its dragon eyes. It stopped for a moment on the Sky Penetrating Whale and the Mutated Giant Leviathan.

“Woo!!”

Seeing the frost dragon, the little white dragon instantly widened its eyes. It directly sensed the might of its parents’ level from its body.

So strong… The Sky Penetrating Whale also fell silent instantly. It sensed abnormally terrifying power fluctuations from the Ice Dragon and understood that it was definitely not this senior’s match.

“We’ve arrived at Dragon Palace City.”

The frost dragon spoke slowly and searched for Shi Yu.

“We’re here…”

Beside Shi Yu, a cute creature that looked like a ragdoll appeared. It also yawned and looked at the familiar surroundings.

“Are you Senior Ice Dragon, who followed the Time Emperor?”

At this moment, as this ice dragon appeared, General Whale asked respectfully.

An old monster that could survive that era was worth its respect.

“Follow the Time Emperor? Sort of.”

Ice Dragon calculated in its heart. It had been caught by Mu Huiyin. Mu Huiyin was also a general under Emperor Shi, so it wasn’t bad to say that it had followed Emperor Shi.

“Senior Ice Dragon.”

Beside him, the Tyrannical Sea Legend also said, “Nice to meet you. I’m one of the current Titled Legends of Dong Huang, Yu Zhihui.”

After all, the Ice Dragon had participated in the totem battle and was a first-generation sage who had helped humans establish a dynasty. The Tyrannical Sea Legend also respected these seniors very much.

“Uh, Legend Yu, hello.” Ice Dragon looked at the Tyrannical Sea Legend and the Giant Leviathan under him. It felt that the strength of this combination seemed to be ridiculously strong, not inferior to any general under Emperor Shi back then.

It couldn’t help but show a kind expression. Sigh, the current human Beast Tamers were really strong. If it hadn’t broken through, it really didn’t plan to come out of the ruins. At that moment, perhaps the appearance of the ice dragon caused too much change, causing the totems in the depths of Dragon Palace City to be alarmed.

It was not a small matter for a totem-level expert to suddenly appear in this territory.

“Roar!!!!”

A moment after the ice dragon came out, strange movements appeared in the sky of Dragon Palace City again. Countless strong winds and black clouds condensed. Accompanied by a dragon roar, a huge green divine dragon nearly 100 meters tall appeared on the clouds. Because this huge dragon was too huge, its characteristics were even more obvious than the white dragon’s body…

The image of a snake body, crocodile head, lizard legs, eagle claws, snake tail, antlers, fish scales, whiskers, and beads under its forehead. Its face was silver-white, and its entire body was basically green. Its body revealed a shocking beauty filled with power. It was completely gorgeous, and various parts of it appeared extremely coordinated. Its beautiful posture was even more rich in charm, and its gaze maintained an insufferably dignified aura. “Lord Sea Dragon King!” Seeing this divine dragon appear, General Whale quickly spoke. The surrounding tens of thousands of shrimps and crabs also submitted.

“Father.” The little white dragon’s body trembled.

At the same time, the frost dragon also raised its head and met the Sea Dragon King’s gaze. In an instant, the Sea Dragon King laughed heartily.

“Welcome, Senior Ice Dragon, to the Dragon Palace banquet.”

“You’re too kind, too kind…” The mother dragon that had been a shut in for a thousand years smiled.

“Pardon me for the disturbance.”

It had a smile on its face, but it had another smile in its heart. As expected of Shi Yu, he had already set up contact. This Dragon Palace City Dragon King actually looked quite respectful to him. Not bad, not bad.

He deserved to be rewarded!

“Senior Ice Dragon, this place is simple. Why don’t we move to my Dragon Palace to talk?” the Sea Dragon King suggested.

“Yes, thank you,” Ice Dragon said.

“Then it’s decided. Legend Yu, do you want to go together?” The Sea Dragon King looked at the Tyrannical Sea Legend. It was actually considered an old friend of the Tyrannical Sea Legend. The two of them had even sparred in a friendly duel before, and they were evenly matched for a short period of time.

“I won’t go. I’ll bring this group of young people to prepare for the next Dragon Palace banquet,” Legend Ba Hai said calmly.

“Alright, Hei Ge, receive the guests from Dong Huang well,” the Sea Dragon King said to the Sky Penetrating Whale.

With that said, it even looked at Shi Yu in the crowd and said, “Sir Shi Yu, please come together.”

The Sea Dragon King knew that the Ice Dragon definitely had a deep relationship with Shi Yu. In addition, it was also very curious why the butterfly had given its scales to Shi Yu, so it definitely wanted to meet him.

“Then pardon the trouble, Lord Sea Dragon King,” Shi Yu said respectfully. Then, he said to the Tyrannical Sea Legend, “Senior Tyrannical Sea, I’ll go first.”

The legend nodded.

In the next moment, Shi Yu was teleported to the frost dragon by the gem cat. The Sea Dragon King laughed and turned to lead the way, bringing Ice Dragon, Shi Yu, and the others to his Dragon Palace.

A moment later, only the disappointed little white dragon and the gem cat that was preparing to sweep through Dragon Palace City’s food were left.

There was also the confused Zou Tianwang, Yu Shu, and the others.

Aba, Aba, Aba, Aba… Could someone tell them what exactly was Shi Yu’s identity?

Dragon Palace of the Sea Dragon King.

It was a mystic realm of the Dragon Palace’s mystic realm.

In the huge mystic realm space, the Sea Dragon King arranged the rare fruits and mutant fruits and received the Ice Dragon.

Compared to the two behemoths, the Sea Dragon King and the Frost Dragon, Shi Yu was much smaller. This made him a little tired. He even wanted to give these two guys some multiplication skills.

“Senior Ice Dragon, have you decided to join Dragon Palace City?”

As Lin Feng’s pet, although the Sea Dragon King’s strength didn’t lose to the Ice Dragon, the Ice Dragon had experience here after all. It also called it senior.

“I’ve decided. Please, calling me senior would be too much. In the future, please let me rely on you, Sea Dragon King,” Ice Dragon said.

“I wonder what the procedures are for joining Dragon Palace City.”

“This is nothing. As long as we swear in the Dragon God Ruins under the joint witness of the Dragon God and other Dragon Kings that we won’t betray Dragon Palace City, that we will suffer and gain glory together with Dragon Palace City, we’ll be together for good. Haha.”

The Sea Dragon King introduced it to the frost dragon.

“That’s easy.”

The frost dragon said indifferently. As a force that had existed for countless years, although Dragon Palace City had changed their Dragon God seat many times, it had really never declined. If it joined here, as long as it didn’t think about the position of that Dragon God, it would basically always be glorious and wouldn’t be a loss. “It’s a big deal for Senior Ice Dragon to join Dragon Palace City. Now that some Dragon Kings aren’t in Dragon Palace City, why don’t we hold the joining ceremony after the Dragon Palace banquet ends? How about it? Tomorrow, Senior Ice Dragon could watch the Dragon Palace banquet with me and see how the genius descendants of Dragon Palace City are?”

“Every year at the Dragon Palace banquet, many ocean factions will also come to seek refuge in Dragon Palace City. At that time, Senior Ice Dragon might be able to choose some good followers.” “Ah, alright.” Ice Dragon pondered in its heart. Wasn’t it also here to rely on Dragon Palace City? Sigh, it was good to be strong. Awesome.

The Sea Dragon King laughed heartily. The Dragon Palace banquet was indeed not important to the Dragon Kings. They basically took turns to host it. To put it bluntly, this Dragon Palace banquet was a conference for the younger generation of Dragon Palace City to showcase their talent and strength, including some sea beasts with potential who came to Dragon Palace City.

At that time, some old overlords, including it, the Dragon King, would take out some rewards for these juniors to compete.

Of course, the group of human Beast Tamers brought by the Tyrannical Sea Legend could also participate in this process. Moreover, they could even display their talent to obtain the recognition of some ocean overlords. At that time, the reward might not be some resources, but their heirs.

To put it more simply, the Dragon Palace banquet was a conference for the ocean overlord of the Dragon Palace faction to show off its child’s results. It was held every five years.

Compared to the totem ice dragon joining Dragon Palace City, the Dragon Palace banquet was definitely not worth mentioning.

“By the way.” The Sea Dragon King suddenly looked at Shi Yu.

Shi Yu also widened his eyes and looked at the Sea Dragon King.

“You have my appreciation, sir Shi Yu, for bringing Senior Ice Dragon to Dragon Palace City.”

“It’s nothing, it’s nothing.” Shi Yu smiled shyly.

“This kid is not bad. At this Dragon Palace banquet, the overlord’s son that becomes his pet would be very lucky.” Mother Dragon still was thinking about Shi Yu and immediately spoke good words for him, as if she was praising her child.

Since Mu Huiyin’s heroic spirit had acknowledged Shi Yu, it definitely acknowledged him too. There was no harm in finding more powerful pet cubs for Shi Yu. “Oh?? Sir Shi Yu is also here for the Dragon Palace banquet??” The Sea Dragon King was surprised.

Shi Yu said, “Not really. It’s mainly because I was entrusted by the Butterfly God to visit the Sea Dragon King and lead the way for Dragon Mother.”

The Sea Dragon King didn’t understand, but he was shocked. “Dragon… Dragon Mother?” Ice Dragon:? “Who… Who’s your mother? Forget it, you can call me senior too,” Ice Dragon couldn’t take it anymore and said bluntly.

It was an innocent girl, but being called like this affected its reputation. It could ignore it previously, but now, it was about to become the female dragon of the Dragon Palace City’s Queen. It couldn’t let Shi Yu take advantage of it anymore. It had to control its reputation.

Otherwise, it would be difficult to find a partner in the future.

“Ah, this.” The Sea Dragon King was silent. He couldn’t understand the relationship between Shi Yu and the Ice Dragon. In theory, it was very difficult for a young man in his twenties to be related to Ice Dragon, a senior who had lived for more than 2000 years.

But they looked very intimate?

“This kid has obtained the recognition of General Mu Huiyin, the first general under Emperor Shi. General Mu Huiyin is also my Beast Tamer. In short, his future is immeasurable. He can be considered one of the few people related to me at the moment.” Ice Dragon sighed.

“Heroic Spirit Ruins?” The Sea Dragon King was suddenly shocked.

As Lin Feng’s pet, it had naturally heard of the heroic spirit ruins left behind by the Time Emperor.

“Yes.” Ice Dragon nodded.

“Hahaha…” Shi Yu scratched his head and said,” Just lucky. I didn’t expect myself to be so lucky to obtain General Mu Huiyin’s recognition.”

“Little Friend Shi Yu, there’s no need to be humble. To be able to become a member of the third and eleventh bureau at this age, you must be a dragon among men. Your future is indeed immeasurable,” said the Sea Dragon King.

The third bureau, Feeding Bureau. Bureau 11, Archeology Bureau. The dragon knew.

Shi Yu was recommended by these two parties together and could also obtain the recognition of the heroic spirit of the Great General under Emperor Shi. In the Sea Dragon King’s opinion, his talent potential could completely defeat those legendary tamers’ sons.

In addition to the relationship with Ice Dragon…

“If Little Friend Shi Yu is interested, I can recommend a few descendants of overlords with pretty good talent for you. Oh right, my family’s little white dragon is also a pretty good choice. Unfortunately, it’s lazy by nature and isn’t willing to follow human Beast Tamers. Otherwise, I would definitely recommend it.”

The Sea Dragon King said politely, but in its heart, it actually had no intention of letting the White Azure Dragon follow Shi Yu. Although Shi Yu’s talent and potential were pretty good, he still had the gift of telepathy. Even if he could listen to history… it was still lacking.

From ancient times until now, there were no Beast Tamers with the gift of telepathy that could become Titled experts and fight against totems, let alone become legendary Beast Tamers. If possible, the Sea Dragon King definitely hoped that his son could follow a super genius like Lin Feng.

“Ah, thank you, Lord Sea Dragon King. There’s no need to force this. Everything will definitely still depend on His Highness the Third Prince’s thoughts.” Shi Yu hurriedly rejected, afraid that the Sea Dragon King would let him contract the little white dragon.

Fast rejection, fast rejection…

The success rate of teaching super skills was extremely low. How long would it take to pull it up? Shi Yu had already spent enough effort to nurture Buggy and the others. Now, he only wanted a pet with the will of an overlord.

At that time, with the infinite devouring of the Mutated Leviathan, it would directly take off.

He could be a gambler again.

Little White Dragon, whoever wanted it… Could take it.

“What a pity.” The Sea Dragon King sighed.

“Then let’s see if there are suitable candidates at the Dragon Palace banquet,” it said.

“Alright.” Shi Yu nodded. That was his intention. He would be happy when the time came.

Well, he didn’t have time to look at the bunch of useless soldiers just now.

They had to go take a look!

“By the way, you just said that you were entrusted by that butterfly to visit me. What’s the matter?”

The Sea Dragon King suddenly realized and asked.

It had not contacted that butterfly for a long time. It was useless to leave a scale for it, since it didn’t come to play with it. Now, it had given the certificate to someone else. What did it mean?

“This…” Shi Yu was slightly stunned.” Actually, I have a pet that completed its evolution with the Butterfly God’s blessing. Before that pet evolved, it accidentally swallowed a Dragon Ball, causing some abnormalities during its evolution. Even the Butterfly God doesn’t know who the owner of that Dragon Ball is. It thought that the Sea Dragon King might know, so it asked me to

ask. “

“Oh?” The Sea Dragon King was stunned.

“The one that can be blessed by it to evolve… Your pet is a Green Silkworm?”

“Yes, it was a Green Silkworm in the beginning, but now, it has already evolved into a butterfly with the Dragon Ball.”

“Can you summon it for me to take a look?” said the Sea Dragon King.

“Alright.” Shi Yu nodded.

In the next moment, a huge blue spatial ripple appeared behind him. Buggy was summoned by Shi Yu in its normal state. “Wu ~ ~” An extremely gorgeous Butterfly of Imagination appeared, and its body emitted a weak dragon might, instantly making the Sea Dragon King’s full attention focused on it.

Then, it was suddenly stunned.

Although it was only a rough observation, why did it feel that this butterfly was even stronger than its carefully cultivated son…

How was this possible?

“Wu ~ (Lord Sea Dragon King, Dragon Mother)” After Buggy came out, it also greeted the Sea Dragon King and the frost dragon.

The frost dragon:?

The Sea Dragon King:?? “Who… Who’s your mother? In the future, you’re not allowed to change randomly with my dragon whiskers!!” The frost dragon cursed.

The Sea Dragon King didn’t understand, but it was shocked. It felt that the noble circle was really messy.

Fortunately, Little Chi Tong wasn’t summoned by Shi Yu. Otherwise, if it called it Mom again and let the Sea Dragon King see it, it would shock it for an entire year.

“Buggy,” Shi Yu called. In the next moment, Buggy nodded and immediately activated the Dragon of Imagination. Following that, the surrounding space cracked, and countless spatial cracks appeared. In the clouds in the sky of the mystic realm, a phantom figure appeared and gradually formed a divine dragon body. It was a huge dragon-shaped body covered in blue and white dragon scales. It kept floating and circling in the sky, the scales on its body shining, dazzling everyone.

Under its gaze, the Sea Dragon King was immediately stunned.

In the next moment, with a roar from the divine dragon, the incomparable divine dragon phantom instantly flew towards Buggy and wrapped around its back. At this moment, in the Sea Dragon King’s perception, the Butterfly of Imagination, which was originally a little stronger than its child at the same level of growth, instantly became even stronger, as if it could easily crush the White Azure Dragon.

This change made the Sea Dragon King feel even more ridiculous.

It seemed like… the White Azure Dragon didn’t tell the Sea Dragon King that it had suffered a setback in front of Eleven, Buggy, and the other four pets.

“Lord Sea Dragon King, this is the divine dragon phantom conjured by my pet after it activated the power of the Dragon Ball,” Shi Yu immediately said after Buggy used the Dragon of Imagination.

At this moment, the Sea Dragon King looked at the huge divine dragon body wrapped in Buggy and fell into deep thought. “This…”

Its brain quickly recalled and kept feeling that it had sensed similar power fluctuations somewhere.

“Lord Sea Dragon King, can you recognize the race of the Dragon Ball Master?”

“Could it be…”

The Sea Dragon King stared at the Dragon of Imagination intently, his expression becoming more and more serious. In the end, he said in disbelief, “Could it be a Sea Serpent??”

“Sea Serpent??”

Shi Yu was stunned. Wasn’t the Sea Serpent covered in golden-green dragon scales?? Wait a minute… The Sea Serpent in his impression seemed to be what Earth’s version was. He would listen to the Sea Dragon King first.

The Sea Dragon King said, “That’s a mysterious, powerful, and proud dragon. It rarely shows its true appearance to others, but it likes to maintain the form of low profile birds, shell species, and even dragon balls.”

“The Sea Serpent is a race extremely close to a Mythical creature. It has powerful brute force, but what the Sea Serpent is really respected by the dragons for is its endless and extremely profound magic power. Through this magic power, it can easily create an illusion world that deceives all creatures and easily change the weather.”

“Therefore, it’s also known as the Illusionary Divine Dragon. Most importantly, the reason why I’m so clear is that the Sea Serpent is a Dragon God of a generation in the Dragon Palace City in the totem era, tens of thousands of years ago. It has the will of the Dragon God branded in the Dragon God Ruins. I’ve been to the Dragon God Ruins and even fought with the will of the Sea Serpent, so…” “But how is that possible…” It looked at Shi Yu and Buggy and said, “How could the dragon ball it absorbed be the Sea Serpent Dragon’s? Why would the Dragon God’s dragon ball be left outside?” “Holy shit.” As the Sea Dragon King finished speaking, although the frost dragon didn’t know what was going on, it also looked at Buggy in surprise. This little guy had absorbed a Dragon God’s Dragon Ball to evolve??

Although Dragon Palace City might have hundreds of generations of Dragon Gods, no matter which generation of Dragon Gods it was, they were all super dragons at the demigod level. Their dragon balls… were simply a priceless treasure second to Mythical resources.

“This.” Upon hearing the Sea Dragon King’s words, even Shi Yu and Buggy were stunned.

Holy shit.

Dragon Palace City’s Dragon God’s Dragon Ball??

Damn.

When the gem cat obtained this dragon ball, the energy of this dragon ball had already dried up to an indescribable state and fallen into a level-four resource. However, was the owner of this dragon ball so impressive? It was actually a half-god level existence like Yun An.

“Wu-” Listening, Buggy was excited. No wonder it had obtained such a powerful skill like the Dragon of Imagination. So the owner of the Dragon Ball was a Dragon God proficient in illusions?

“You also don’t know how the Sea Dragon God’s Dragon Ball was lost in the outside world…” Shi Yu asked.

“I’m not sure. When the Sea Serpent Dragon was in power, it could at least be traced back to nearly 100,000 years ago. Who still remembers what happened at that time? Countless generations of Dragon Gods have changed during that period. However, there’s the Sea Serpent Dragon’s Dragon God’s will existence in the Dragon God Ruins… This is certain…”

“When Senior Ice Dragon enters, perhaps we can search carefully.” The Sea Dragon King looked at the Ice Dragon.

“Ah…” Ice Dragon kept feeling that it was in trouble again.

At the same time, Buggy was overjoyed.

Could it be…

This time, it was… his Epic Strengthening??

Ji!!!!

It was awesome.

Leader, Baby Ginseng, wait and see!

“Can we also go to the Dragon God Ruins to take a look? I’m an archeologist. Perhaps I might be able to…” Shi Yu said.

“Wu!!!” Buggy hurriedly persuaded Shi Yu not to.

Although it also wanted to obtain more power from the Sea Serpent, the problem was that it was a Mythical Ruins. If Shi Yu destroyed it again, even Ice Dragon mother wouldn’t be able to protect them!

Perhaps the next day, Dragon Palace City would start a war with Dong Huang.

The friendly alliance between East and Dragons was directly destroyed by Shi Yu.

It was better not to. Let Ice Dragon Mommy see.

“Uh…”

Shi Yu fell into deep thought.

Forget it.

“Not really. Only totem-level people can enter the Dragon God Ruins, or when the time comes, I’ll go ask other totems about the Sea Serpent Dragon. Perhaps they know some inside information. After all… I arrived at Dragon Palace City relatively late,” the Sea Dragon King said. “Then I’ll leave it to you, Sea Dragon King.”

“It’s nothing…” The Sea Dragon King still looked at Buggy in surprise. No wonder this butterfly was even more impressive than the Divine Feather Phoenix Butterfly of the same level, even more impressive than its son. So it had swallowed the Dragon God’s Dragon Ball and successfully evolved without exploding. It was extremely lucky.

At this moment, Shi Yu never expected that he would really know who the owner of the dragon ball that Buggy had absorbed when he came to Dragon Palace City… Unfortunately, it was the dragon race from nearly 100,000 years ago. What exactly happened at that time was something he was blind about.

“Sea Dragon King—!!!” “Lord Sea Dragon King—!! Something bad happened!!”

In the Dragon Palace mystic realm, the Sea Dragon King, the Frost Dragon, Shi Yu, and the others were chatting happily.

A cry suddenly came from the outside world.

The Sea Dragon King frowned. In the distance, a huge brown turtle was swimming over with all its might.

“Prime Minister Turtle, what’s wrong?”

“Lord Sea Dragon King, two days ago, many teams that went to Dragon Palace City to participate in the banquet were attacked by unknown monsters,” the old turtle said with a long face.

“Now, the Yaksha General who went to investigate is heavily injured and on the verge of death.”

When they heard that, Ice Dragon and Shi Yu were stunned.

Holy shit, which sea beast was so bold to attack a member of Dragon Palace City? One Dragon Palace City had eight totems, and there was even a half-god among them. Was this guy kidding? “Oh?? This kind of thing? Why didn’t you report it earlier??” The Sea Dragon King revealed anger.

“In the beginning, I thought that it was a blind sea beast that went berserk, so General Yaksha went to deal with it himself.”

“In the end, I discovered that it was an overlord-level Poison Dragon. However, General Yaksha still fought it and successfully obtained the upper hand. However, who knew, who knew… Just as General Yaksha was about to kill the enemy, that overlord Poison Dragon directly mutated and turned into a totem-level monster. After that, the Yaksha overlord was no match for it at all. Moreover, it was poisoned and on the verge of death.”

“At the moment, that poison dragon has completely disturbed the passage in the surrounding sea. The poison it emitted has almost contaminated the entire sea. Moreover, it’s still moving aimlessly in the sea.”

“What???” Upon hearing the old turtle’s description, the Sea Dragon King’s whiskers immediately fluttered, and its eyes turned red.

It was its turn to organize the Dragon Palace banquet this year, but such a thing happened?? Courting death!!

“That guy, what’s his background???” The Sea Dragon King’s anger burned. He didn’t believe that a dragon overlord with no background would suddenly mutate into a totem.

The turtle prime minister said, “We’ve already started investigating from the start when it attacked the sea beasts. That dragon doesn’t seem to be an overlord living in the sea, but a rare intermediate form creature of the sea worm and land beast. It came from the seven islands…”

“Most importantly, it has no rationality at all and only has the desire to destroy. Moreover, we can’t cleanse the poison it releases at all.”

“According to Doctor Holy Clam’s analysis, the poison in its body should have come from the radiation of the forbidden weapon developed by humans. It’s a radiation-type poison, and it might have mutated into its current appearance because it came into contact with radiation…”

“Lord Sea Dragon King, what should we do now… We have no choice but to let you handle it. Otherwise, the Dragon Palace banquet won’t be able to be smoothly organized. Moreover, many sea beasts who have come to participate in the Dragon Palace banquet are already infected and difficult to treat… Until now, we haven’t found a way to cleanse the poison.”

“Seven islands?? Forbidden weapon radiation??” The Sea Dragon King’s eyes turned even redder. The frost dragon and Shi Yu’s breathing almost stopped.

Ice Dragon cursed in its heart. It didn’t expect to encounter such a thing as soon as it arrived at Dragon Palace City.

Shi Yu also cursed in his heart. He similarly couldn’t understand why he was so unlucky. He had come to Dragon Palace City with great difficulty and originally wanted to rely on the dragon aura to easily choose a top-grade pet. Why the hell did he suddenly encounter a totem-level Poison Dragon causing trouble? He hoped… that it wouldn’t affect the Dragon Palace banquet.