Chapter 277 - Dragon Palace City’S New Department

Chapter 277 Dragon Palace City’s New Department

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Translator:

Atlas Studios

Editor:

Atlas Studios

After knowing that there were no overlords in the Rainbow Islands, Shi Yu and the others relaxed a lot.

Moreover, even if there was an overlord, it wasn’t a big problem.

Just like what the teachers in the school had taught, if he couldn’t defeat it, couldn’t he escape?

With transcendent-level Instant Transmission and the ruin’s space, if they wanted to escape, the other party might not necessarily be able to catch up or find them.

As for which teacher taught this thing, it was definitely the management teacher of the Ancient Capital University’s resource bank.

On the sea area of the Rainbow Islands.

The red-haired and red-eyed Shi Yu followed behind Buggy and flew in midair.

“Wuu.” Eleven pulled Shi Yu’s shoulder and looked forward to the next little friend.

According to Shi Yu… Could it be a child with the will of an overlord?

Moreover, it could also master the power of purification and help it eat Yun An?

That was great.

Not only could it pressure itself during training, but it could also help it digest food. Eleven liked it very much!

The panda swung its legs around Shi Yu’s shoulder excitedly.

Shi Yu:”…”

“Don’t move around. It’s itchy.”

“Things haven’t even started.”

“Wuu ?” Eleven was confused.

“Contracting a pet is like chasing a girl. It’s not that the other party will agree just because you want to.” Shi Yu muttered.

if it were other water-type pets, Shi Yu would be confident even if it was the Cleansing Water Sprite King on that island.

However, facing the reincarnation of a Blue Sea Sprite with an overlord’s will, he felt that it was not very stable.

Most importantly, in the historical spirit scene Shi Yu observed at that time, it wasn’t like it had never encountered a Beast Tamer before.

But as expected, all the human Beast Tamers who wanted to contract it were rejected. Those who wanted to forcefully contract it… The reincarnation of the Blue Sea Sprite would rather shatter than live in dishonor.

n any case, in the scene he saw, the will of the Blue Sea Sprite was extremely firm. It would not become a vassal of humans or even other lives at all.

n this situation, Shi Yu knew very well that it was probably not that easy to obtain the recognition of the Inner Sea Sprite Reincarnation.

Some lives had no backbone. When they saw an expert, even if the other party was an Ice Dragon, they could recognize it as mom. However, some lives had their own goals and wouldn’t easily change their will and

dreams because of the outside world. Obviously, the reincarnations of the Blue Sea Sprite were all the latter. Shi Yu was very clear on this.

However, fortunately, compared to those in history, the greatest difference between Shi Yu and the Beast Tamers who wanted to forcefully contract it was because of the talent potential of the Blue Sea Sprite… Was

that Shi Yu knew in advance the pursuit of the Blue Sea Sprite Reincarnation Body engraved in the depths of its will.

He should be able to obtain the other party’s recognition from this aspect.

“Buggy, Eleven, Chi Tong, from today onwards, I have a new dream. That is to become the environmental ambassador of Blue Planet. Everyone, monitor each other. In the future, it’s your responsibility to protect the

environment, do you hear me?”

Buggy, Eleven, Chi Tong:????

Shi Yu’s gaze was firm. As a Beast Tamer, if he pursued a pet, he had to change himself for it.

As long as it wasn’t some outrageous dream, it didn’t matter if he had a few more ideals and made more changes.

Otherwise, what right did it have to win its liking?

He was definitely going to be the environmental ambassador.

Rainbow Islands, Qishui Island.

Shi Yu and the others had just approached when they discovered the abnormality.

Originally, the sea area of Qishui Island that should have been very clean was now surrounded by a large amount of mud, and the sea water was turbid.

A large number of transcendent creatures that looked like gray mud gathered around the island, destroying the environment.

< Name > Sludge Monster

[Attributes]: Poison

[Race Level]: High Transcendent

[Race Skill]: Source of Pollution, Poison

< Introduction > A transcendent life form mutated from mud containing various poisonous substances.

Shi Yu saw a large number of Sludge Monsters boarding Qishui Island from the sea and stopping in the sky, and he was slightly stunned.

The Sludge Monster was also a transcendent creature in Dong Huang. Their favorite was to dye a clean environment into an environment suitable for them to live in to obtain better growth.

However, humans weren’t qualified to evaluate the Sludge Monster race. Although they were evaluated as harmful creatures, in the end, they were transcendent lives born by humans after entering modern society.

There was no such thing in ancient times.

However, since it concerned the survival environment of the race, it didn’t matter if it was right or wrong. It just depended on the position. It was enough to clear them out.

If nothing went wrong, this group of Sludge Monsters should have targeted Qishui Island. From the memories of the Ten Thousand Poison Python, this shouldn’t be a short-term war. It should have lasted for a period

of time.

“Compared to the territories occupied by other poisonous creatures, the clean environment of Qishui Island is more convenient and suitable for the transformation of the Sludge Monsters. As for the islands that are

already covered in poisonous substances, it’s not that easy for the Sludge Monsters to pollute them, so they targeted Qishui Island…”

After a simple analysis, Shi Yu used his super vision to look into the distance.

In the distant sky, an elemental life form several meters tall, similar to a manta ray whose entire body was made of water elements, was fighting. Upon seeing this scene, Shi Yu’s heart skipped a beat.

Holy shit.

Wasn’t this the Cleansing Water Sprite King?

Stop fighting!

Seeing that the king of the island on Qishui Island was fighting an unknown creature, Shi Yu immediately panicked, afraid that the reincarnation of the Blue Sea Sprite would die again in the battle of the island.

The weak little slime couldn’t withstand this kind of torment.

After discovering the battle, Shi Yu hurriedly flew into the island.

“Eleven, deterrence, charge!”

“Wuu!” Eleven patted its chest and expressed that it would take care of it.

Shi Yu gave the order. Then, an extremely shocking scene appeared in the entire Qishui Island.

As Shi Yu flew into the island, the Sludge Monster that logged onto the island almost instantly distorted and fainted with a frightened expression.

In fact, with Eleven’s deterrence, it wasn’t impossible to directly insta-kill them, but that way… the exploded Sludge Monster would become a stronger pollution source. He didn’t want to trouble the water sprites on

Qishui Island.

At this moment, as Shi Yu stepped onto the island, on Qishui Island, the Sludge Monsters fainted one after another. The Water Slimes, Water Sprites, and Mad Water Sprites that resisted the Sludge Monsters looked at

the red figure in the sky in shock.

At the same time.

The Cleansing Water Sprite King was fighting a mud dragon more than ten meters long on the island.

The color of the Sludge Dragon was similar to the composition of the Sludge Monster, but its body was in the form of a dragon. It was a mutated evolution of the monarch race of the Sludge Monster.

At the scene of the battle, as the Sludge Dragon waved its huge tail, more than 100 purple Sludge Bombs instantly flew backward like meteors, smashing towards the Cleansing Water Sprite King.

Regarding this, the Cleansing Water Sprite King was very helpless. In the face of this skill, its best way to deal with it was to dodge a portion of it. This could save a lot of physical strength, but if it let these mud fall into

the island, the environment would quickly be polluted.

“Ji~~” Therefore, the Cleansing Water Sprite King could only activate the mid-level water-elemental skill Purification to resist the Sludge Bomb on a large scale.

“Mi~ =”

In the sky, the Cleansing Water Sprite King circled its body. A light blue light emitted from its mouth, and the light spread into waves that enveloped the mud. A moment later, the purple color on the mud faded,

turning into blue water balls.

Bang!!!

Right on the heels of that, the blue water balls that filled the sky exploded, and rain started to fall from the sky. In the island, those battles between transcendent and commander ranks were actually nothing. The battle

between the two monarch ranks was the key battle that determined the ownership of the island.

However, this battle didn’t last long. The Sludge Dragon and the Cleansing Water Sprite King’s expressions suddenly changed. They looked at the red-haired human flying over from the distance, emitting a terrifying

deterrence.

“Energy value, 1,660,000.”

“Energy value, 1,710,000.”

“Not bad, but…” In the sky, Shi Yu’s expression was calm. After flying over with the deterrence Eleven emitted, his figure suddenly stopped in midair.

“Give me some face. Battle, pause.”

“Roar!!”

“Mil!”

The Sludge Dragon and the Cleansing Water Sprite King stopped fighting and looked at this red-haired human of unknown origin with fear.

“Hello.”

Stopping in midair, Shi Yu looked at the two monarch-level lives with a calm expression.

“Wuu!!” Eleven showed a ferocious expression and warned.

At this moment, Buggy’s Psychic Domain kept expanding, trying to stop the battle on the island and prevent a certain Slime on the island from dying.

“Human??” The mud dragon’s voice.

“Who are you??” It was the Clearwater Sprite King’s light female voice.

At this moment, the power of telepathy was obvious.

These two monarchs clearly didn’t know telepathy, but because Shi Yu knew how, he could directly communicate with them without any obstacles.

“Let me introduce myself. I’m the person in charge of the Ocean Environmental Protection Department established by the Ice Dragon King in Dragon Palace City. You can call me Minister.”

Sludge Dragon: “2”

The Cleansing Water Sprite King: “2”

Eleven, Buggy, Chi Tong:???

Dragon Palace City had this department?

The Rainbow Islands was clearly not far from the sea area of Dragon Palace City. The monarch-level creatures here had all heard of the famous Dragon Palace City. Sensing the pressure brought by Shi Yu, the Filthy

Dragon and the Cleansing Water Sprite King were both shocked and uncertain.

“In short, from today onwards, the environmental protection problem of this sea area is under our jurisdiction. I heard that the Cleansing Water Sprite King has done meritorious service in environmental protection. I

hereby appoint you as the deputy minister of the Ocean Environmental Protection Department under the command of the Ice Dragon King. As for the Mud Dragon, because it violated the fourth law of the Dragon

Palace City’s Ocean Environment Protection Law, we will adopt mandatory sanctions.”

“Roar!!! (Damn it!)” The Mud Dragon was furious. What nonsense was this?

Stop looking down on it!!!

Just as it finished roaring, Eleven, who was 0.3 meters tall, stretched out its small palm and patted down on Shi Yu’s shoulder.

In the next moment, in the sky, under the situation where the Sludge Dragon and the Cleansing Water Sprite King’s eyes instantly widened, the phantom of a huge lightning palm more than fifty meters in diameter

quickly condensed, sweeping with terrifying thunder, wrapped in supreme deterrence, and fell with a bang!

The deterrence of Dao Proficiency and the lightning palm wrapped in giant transformation directly descended from the sky, oppressing the Sludge Dragon until it couldn’t move. It could only show frightened eyes as

the lightning palm landed on its body.

In the next moment, with a boom, a huge pit was directly pushed out of the ground. Under the cry of electric currents that filled the sky, beneath the disintegration of the strong electric current, the death of the mud

dragon didn’t even cause any ripples. Even the poison was instantly “cleansed” by the high temperature of the electric current.

After Eleven directly erupted all its power through the Giant Transformation skill, it instantly killed the Sludge Dragon, shocking the Cleansing Water Sprite King beside it.

“M-Mr. Minister, you’ve come to Qishui Island. Do you… Have any instructions for me, sir?”

Seeing Shi Yu’s terrifying strength, regardless of Shi Yu’s identity, the Cleansing Water Sprite King found it difficult to resist. It was mainly because the deterrence wave swept by Eleven’s deterrence palm just now was

too strong. Even as a bystander, the Cleansing Water Sprite King’s heart wavered when facing the true might of a king.

Skill: Infinite Devour

Status: Can be taught

[Teaching success rate]: Medium

Shi Yu looked at the Cleansing Water Sprite King and revealed a regretful expression.

If only Eleven and Buggy could also learn Infinite Devour. Unfortunately, this skill didn’t have high requirements for spatial compatibility, but its requirements for water-element compatibility were ridiculously high.

Only water-element pets could learn it.

t’s nothing. You’ve heard of Dragon Palace City, right?”

The Cleansing Water Sprite King nodded. Of course, the absolute lord of the Eastern Sea.

ce Dragon King… Forget it, you definitely haven’t heard of this.”

Lord Ice Dragon King is a new totem dragon in Dragon Palace City. It’s an elder who likes to be clean. It can’t stand the slightest pollution in the ocean, so it established the Ocean Environmental Protection

Department.”

“At the same time, they entrusted me, the Beast Tamer who also can’t bear to see any pollution, to be the minister of the Ministry of Environment.”

“I heard that there’s a Cleansing Water Sprite King here whose cleansing ability is pretty good, so I came to take a look. Moreover, I wanted to see if there are any potential people suitable to become members of the

glorious Marine Environmental Department among your people…”

The Cleansing Water Sprite King was stunned.

“In short, you just have to summon your citizens quickly… Tell them clearly. One goal of cleansing the ocean and a great project related to ocean environmental protection, that we need their help. There should be

people with similar thoughts among your citizens, right?”

The Cleansing Water Sprite King: “Among my people, there are indeed some creatures who are proficient in cleansing skills…”

“In short, call all the life forms together,” Shi Yu said. “This is a good thing!”

A moment later.

The Cleansing Water Sprite King gathered the thousands of water-element creatures on Qishui Island according to Shi Yu’s request.

As the guardian of these water-type creatures, the Cleansing Water Sprite King still had a very tall image in their hearts.

They had just obtained a huge victory in a battle. At this moment, these water-element creatures looked at the Cleansing Water Sprite King in admiration. At the same time, they looked at Shi Yu beside it in confusion.

“Everyone…” As the mother-level figure of the water-element life form on Qishui Island, the Cleansing Water Sprite King immediately attracted all its attention after using the special communication method of the

water-element life form.

“This is… Dragon Palace City… Ocean’s Environmental Protection Department? Sir, thanks to his help, we were able to easily defeat the invaders in the invasion of the Mud Island. The so-called Ocean’s Environmental

Protection Department is to cleanse the polluted waters and provide habitable homes for more ocean life. It’s a very great organization.”

“As for Dragon Palace City, it’s one of the strongest factions in the ocean. This time, Dragon Palace City’s Ocean Environmental Protection Department recruited new members, hoping to obtain the recognition of

more ocean life forms and join them. They will contribute their strength to protect our common home.”

“Are any of you willing to join the Ocean Environmental Protection Department?” the Cleansing Water Sprite King asked.

It felt that with Shi Yu’s strong strength, he shouldn’t resort to lying. If Dragon Palace City really had such a department, it couldn’t wait to bring all its citizens into it. However, such a high-level department definitely

wouldn’t take in people so easily.

In that case, the Cleansing Water Sprite King only hoped that more citizens could obtain the recognition of this environmental minister and then let Qishui Island obtain the protection of Dragon Palace City.

Shi Yu looked at the thousands of confused water-element lives in front of him.

He said slowly, “Protecting the ocean is the responsibility of every water elemental life form.”

“The blue ocean is the cradle of life.”

“You were born from the ocean. The ocean is like a mother feeding you, and if you protect it… Not only is it protecting yourself, but it’s also protecting the future of your race.”

“Only by improving the ocean environment can everyone have a good life.”

Shi Yu recited the various environmental protection campaigns that his teacher in his previous life had given, feeding them to these marine creatures.

After more than ten classic sentences, these sea creatures were a little moved, and the Cleansing Water Sprite King beside them was a little touched.

Shi Yu was indeed real.

“Although I’m only a human, | also know the importance of protecting the ocean. We only have one blue planet. All things and nature need to coexist in harmony. Corrupting the environment is equivalent to harming

others and ourselves. Protecting the ocean environment is protecting yourself and our descendants. It’s the common cradle for all creatures. Therefore, are any of you willing to take the responsibility of protecting the

ocean and protecting nature with me?”

Many water elemental life forms that had escaped to Qishui Island due to pollution felt the same way and were tempted.

In the blink of an eye, many water-element creatures expressed their willingness to follow Shi Yu and protect the sea with the Cleansing Water Sprite King.

“Very good.”

“However, if you want to protect the ocean on the first line, you have to have the most basic ability requirement, which is to master the cleansing ability. If you don’t have the cleansing ability, it’s a pity…” As Shi Yu

finished speaking, the water sprites who had mastered the cleansing skill became very happy.

At the same time, a portion of the water elemental lives without the cleansing ability became very disappointed.

Before long, Shi Yu got the Cleansing Water Sprite King to start organizing water-type creatures with the ability to cleanse and with the intention of protecting the sea.

Shi Yu floated quietly in the sky and watched everything.

A moment later, Shi Yu smiled.

Under his request, most of the water-element creatures without the cleansing ability, even if they had the intention to protect the ocean, were dispersed by the Cleansing Water Sprite King, leaving only the

water-element creatures with the cleansing ability.

However, there were always accidents.

Among the pile of high-level water elemental life forms, an ordinary water slime stubbornly stayed on the spot, unwilling to leave no matter what.

No matter how the commander under the Cleansing Water Sprite King chased it away, it refused to leave.

Compared to the other slow Water Slimes, this body was like a blue jelly. The petite Water Slime’s gaze was extremely clear and determined, as if it was not the same race as other Slimes.

< Name > Water Slime

[Level of Growth]: transcendent

Skill: Infinite Devour

[Teaching success rate]: High

Seeing this, Shi Yu chuckled and asked the Cleansing Water Sprite King beside him, “What’s wrong with that Water Slime?”

“This…” Seeing that this water slime didn’t leave after a long time, the Cleansing Water Sprite King was also very helpless and surprised.

It said to Shi Yu, “This little guy is a little special. It’s a little different from other Slimes. You might not believe me if I say it, but although it’s just a Slime and doesn’t have the cleansing ability, it’s more concerned about

the ocean environment than any race on the island. Previously, Mud Island had also invaded several times. It was always in the frontline to resist the pollution environment. It even had several near-death experiences.”

“Fortunately, it was very lucky… In the end, it relied on its powerful will to persist.”

“I’ve paid attention to it. Its dream seems to be the protection of the ocean you mentioned, as well as a clean and clear home for all ocean life. However, due to the restriction of its race, it definitely can’t cleanse the

ocean like other water sprites. I’ll chase it away now.”

The Cleansing Water Sprite King actually had a deep impression of a transcendent-level Water Slime on the island. This situation made Shi Yu’s smile even wider. “Why chase it away?”

“Anyone is impressive with dreams.”

Shi Yu patted the Cleansing Water Sprite King and said, “A mere cleansing skill. If it doesn’t know it, I’ll teach it.”

[Recording successful.]

“I’ve decided. I’ll also let it join the Environmental Protection Department. Just let it be my private secretary.”

The Cleansing Water Sprite King:???

Below.

An ordinary Cleansing Water Sprite was persuading the Water Slime to leave. Without the cleansing ability, it was impossible for it to be taken fancy by the Environmental Department of a huge faction like Dragon

Palace City.

“Hul!!” The Water Slime opened its stubborn big eyes and expressed that although it didn’t have the cleansing ability, it could fight those bad guys who polluted the sea and also protect the sea.

“Ugh…” This ordinary Cleansing Water Sprite had a headache. Was the Water Slime very strong? Even if it broke through to the transcendent level, it was still very weak. This guy had been on the verge of death a few

times, didn’t it know that? Why was it so stubborn?

This Water Slime was also considered a popular creature on Qishui Island. After all, the lives here still liked it very much for it to fight so hard against the invaders.

However, it was not that easy to enter the Environmental Protection Department of Dragon Palace City without talent potential!

“Do you want to protect the sea very much?” Just as the Water Slime was struggling to join the Marine Environmental Protection Department, a voice suddenly came from the side. Shi Yu had descended at some point

in time. He came to the front and looked at the Water Slime as he asked.

At this moment, the Water Slime was immediately stunned when it saw the Ocean Minister of Environment.

“Hu! (Yes.)” Then, it emitted a firm voice. Its voice was like the firm vow of a young female knight, appearing in Shi Yu’s mind.

“T’ll give you a test. If you can complete it, I’ll give you the ability of cleansing and give you the ability to break through the limits of your race. I’ll let you fight on the front line of protecting the ocean and follow beside

me to protect the ocean. How about that?” Shi Yu revealed a sunny and warm smile.

The Water Slime was slightly stunned. It didn’t expect that it could be appreciated by such a big shot with similar aspirations…

Test… It would definitely pass..