Chapter 275 - Heart’S Fifth Pet

Chapter 275 Heart’s Fifth Pet

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Good lord, Shi Yu was speechless.

This was definitely a loss.

Shi Yu imagined it. Senior Lu had probably been attracted by the various ruins in Dragon Palace City when she came to participate in the Dragon Palace banquet.

However, when Senior Lu was enthusiastic and spent most of her time researching the Blue Sea Ruins, apart from a pile of beautiful selfies, she didn’t obtain anything. She wasted her good time in Dragon Palace City. It was normal for her to not recommend newbies to enter the pit…

Hu…

A moment later.

Shi Yu stopped the archeological index connected to the transparent lens and observed the Blue Sea Ruins seriously.

The Blue Sea Ruins was a special ruin that couldn’t be researched at all apart from specific entry methods.

If it were ruins left behind by humans during the Beast Taming Era, such as the Iron-eating Beast Ruins, then they could still study and explore using normal archeological methods.

For example, the composition of the Nine Li Battle Beast Armor Fragment was detected by modern instruments. Moreover, through the ruins murals, one could also find the clue of the nine inscriptions.

However, this Blue Sea Ruins was completely not a ruin in the traditional sense. To be precise, it should be considered an “exclusive inheritance ruin”. It was very difficult to explore such an exclusive inheritance ruin. Even the members of Bureau 11 had only one method.

It was to try to activate the listening talent and see if they could communicate with the historical spirit of the Blue Sea Ruins and learn some special secrets.

At this moment, Shi Yu looked at the crystal clear Blue Sea Ruins that could even be used as a mirror. He activated his telepathy and said in unison,

“Ruins, ruins, who’s the most handsome Beast Tamer in the world?”

Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong:??? Was there such an opening line??

Obviously, Shi Yu’s looks did not receive the recognition of the Blue Sea Ruins. The ruins did not react.

“Lord Blue Sea Sprite, your devoted believer needs your help!”

II

11

“Excuse me… Did something happen during the reincarnation process?” Shi Yu had asked Doctor Shell and the others just now.

From ancient times until now, after the reincarnation of the Blue Sea Sprite, it would only be a hundred years at most before it would become the spirit of the Blue Sea again.

But this time, the sea spirit didn’t appear for three thousand years.

Not only did Shi Yu think so, even the other ocean totems felt that something had happened to the Blue Sea Sprite during its reincarnation.

“Lord Blue Sea Sprite, if you don’t appear soon… your territory will be completely eroded by Yun An.”

“Do you know Yun An?” Shi Yu gestured.

“A demigod from outer space and a king of totems. It has radiation that can’t be cleansed or cured. It likes to bathe in clear seawater the most.”

“It originally lived on land, but now, it has already aimed at the sea.”

“This is simply too much, right? He’s so arrogant.”

“Two days ago, it mutated a sea beast’s radiation into a Poison Dragon Totem. Under the contamination of this Poison Dragon Totem, the sea area of Dragon Palace City has now become a radiation sea. Countless sea beasts died because of this. Your citizens… need you very much now.”

“Apart from you, I’m afraid no one can cleanse this radiation.”

“It’s this kind of power shift. Can you feel it?”

Shi Yu took out the Meteorite Fragment from the ruins space and let Buggy use its mental strength to control it to stick to the Sea Ruins.

However, there was still no reaction from the Blue Sea Ruins…

“Wuu…” Eleven poked Shi Yu. No need to hold back. Use the unique skill.

Just like when they were talking about the iron-eating beast ruins…

Shi Yu was slightly stunned. Was this alright?

However…

He still looked at the Blue Sea Ruins and substituted Yun An’s emotions.

“In fact, Yun An even provoked you and said that your cleansing power definitely can’t cleanse its radiation.”

“This sea area will be its territory in the future!”

Buzz!

A ripple suddenly appeared on the surface of the water cube.

Shi Yu and the others: { ° 1 °|||1)

Damn, what the f*ck??? It was really effective??

“It said that you…”

“If you faced Yun An… You probably won’t dare to come out.”

Buzz!!

The ripples increased.

Everyone:!!!

“A mere Blue Sea Sprite is only so-so.” Blue Sea Ruins:?

Blue Sea Ruins:?

It actually… It really worked. Shi Yu’s vision instantly turned blurry. The sound of clear spring flowing and the roar of the sea sounded in his ears, making him feel extremely absent-minded. So, his talent was not to listen to historical talent, but “100% reaction talent when it came to ruins”?

This time, Shi Yu didn’t know how long he had experienced the flashes.

He felt that it was very, very long, and very short.

He saw many scenes.

For example, he saw the Inner Sea Sprite reincarnate into a water-element divine dragon. The divine dragon’s body was completely formed by water and was born in the deep sea. It didn’t take long for the water-element divine dragon to grow to the overlord level, receive a summon from the Blue Sea Ruins, and awaken to evolve into an ocean sprite.

He also saw the Blue Sea Sprite reincarnate into a huge water-element whale. Its body was still completely formed by water and born in the ocean. It also didn’t take long for it to reach the overlord level and receive the summoning from the Blue Sea Divine Hall.

Next, Shi Yu gradually saw many water-element creatures that the Blue Sea Sprite had reincarnated into. Mermaids made of water elements and corals made of water elements. These water-element creatures had one characteristic: their initial race level was very high.

Then, slowly, the racial level of the Blue Sea Sprite after reincarnation didn’t seem to be as high as before. The dolphin formed by the water element, the shell formed by the water element… It seemed that every time it reincarnated, the racial level of the Blue Sea Sprite would decrease a little.

If the initial reincarnation could be said to be an overlord race that could grow to the overlord level very quickly and receive the summoning and inheritance of the Blue Sea Ruins, then as the race level after reincarnation became a monarch race, the difficulty of the Inner Sea Sprite growing to the overlord level immediately increased a little.

As it decreased to the commander race, the difficulty of the Blue Sea Sprite Reincarnation breaking through to the overlord level was not just a little.

The monarch race could also rely on training super racial skills to transcend perfection. There was a glimmer of hope of advancing to an overlord.

Then, the reincarnations of those commander races didn’t even have this glimmer of hope.

In many images, Shi Yu saw that the reincarnations of the Blue Sea Sprite relied on its powerful willpower to survive the difficulties time and time again in life-and-death crises. Then, it would break through its growth level and break through to the overlord level. Every time, it was very dangerous.

It didn’t rely on racial advantages and legendary resources, but on explosive potential with powerful willpower in a desperate situation to exceed the limit.

Overlord’s Will!

Every low-level reincarnation Shi Yu saw next seemed to be able to display the will of an overlord in a desperate situation and erupt with super potential to break through levels. With this method, even if the Blue Sea Sprite reincarnated into a water-element sprite that was commander level, it still had a chance to grow to the overlord level. Then, it would receive the summoning of the Blue Sea Ruins, inherit the power of the Blue Sea Sprite, and evolve into a Blue Sea Sprite.

However…

As time passed, an even worse situation occurred.

The reincarnation race of the Blue Sea Sprites had fallen to the transcendent race. In this situation, even with the super overlord will, it wasn’t so easy to grow up. In the scene Shi Yu saw, many reincarnations of the Blue Sea Sprites died directly in life-and-death crises without growing up. They could only be forced to reincarnate and start a new life. He could tell that, just as Doctor Shell had said, the reincarnation of the Blue Sea Sprite was not strength or memory, but the heart that hoped to cleanse all filth. It was the reincarnation of will.

Every reincarnation of an Blue Sea Sprite seemed to have a very strong heart of justice. If this firm heart of justice was combined with high racial potential, it could naturally grow very smoothly, like a protagonist template.

However, if one had a firm heart but no corresponding strength, then this righteous heart would become a burden.

Under Shi Yu’s gaze, he saw the low-level reincarnation of the Blue Sea Sprite countless times. Because of this super willpower, it could either save its companions or show justice to face an enemy that it couldn’t defeat. Then, even if it broke through the limit, it couldn’t obtain too much power at once. It could only die regretfully and reincarnate.

As the reincarnations arrived at the transcendent race, the difficulty of the Blue Sea Sprite growing into an overlord was ridiculously high. Under Shi Yu’s observation, it seemed that only after a few accidental evolutions and raising its race level together with the overlord’s will, could it grow into an overlord.

Perhaps it wasn’t that transcendent races couldn’t become overlords with the will of overlords, but that there weren’t so many opportunities for trial and error, to make mistakes in reality…

“So this is the reason why the Blue Sea Sprite didn’t appear again in 3,000 years…”

“The reincarnation ability of the Blue Sea Sprite is not limitless.”

“Every time it reincarnates, its racial level will fall, from quasi Mythical to transcendent…”

“It’s naturally very smooth to grow up with a golden spoon in your mouth, but it’s not easy to grow up with a low race without the power and memories of my previous life and only rely on the inheritance of will…”

“This time, it seems to be relatively unlucky… It encountered a wall three thousand times in a row, but it didn’t meet the conditions for the inheritance power of the Blue Sea Ruins.”

Shi Yu was silent for a moment, but soon, he realized something.

(Please tell me where the reincarnation of this life is.]

[Even if it’s a low-level transcendent race, I’m confident that I can help it grow to the overlord level in the shortest time.]

[Perhaps, perhaps, there’s still a way to escape the restriction of reincarnation lowering race level.)

Purification ability, low growth level, high racial upper limit, overlord will, water, and elemental types. Wasn’t this the pet template he dreamed of?

When Shi Yu thought of this, he immediately became excited.

At this moment, the ruins seemed to have given a response. He was in a state of observing history. Countless images flowed, and in the end, they were fixed on the last picture.

This was an island with an uncertain location.

The environment above was very good, and a large number of transcendent creatures lived. Among them, there was a special small river. Around the small river, a water-element creature race that couldn’t be more common on the ocean lived.

They had blue translucent bodies that were like jelly. Their bodies were round, small, and looked very flexible. Their movements were simple hops… When he saw this group of creatures, Shi Yu was immediately stunned. This was… a middle-level transcendent race, a water-elemental elemental life form, a water slime?? Did this mean that the reincarnation of the Blue Sea Sprite was a water slime?