Chapter 287 - Slime Vs Little White Dragon (2)

Chapter 287 Slime vs Little White Dragon (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

What luck. He didn’t expect Yu Shu’s mother to be so generous. Using their status as a dragon tamer family, she had paved the way. As expected of an only son, he was much luckier than someone with a bunch of siblings.

Yin Zhengfan, Xia Qingwei, and the others beside him were more or less a little envious.

“Senior Shi Yu, who did you contract? Do I know him?” The white dragon said regretfully. It still wanted to help Shi Yu find a contract.

White Brook, Yu Shu, Yin Zhengfan, and the others also looked at Shi Yu eagerly.

Good lord, Shi Yu was pretty fast.

As expected of a lucky person who had managed to cozy up to the Ice Dragon and Sea Dragon King. He had contracted his favorite pet so quickly.

They estimated that… even if they just made a conservative guess, it had to be a low-level overlord race to be worthy of Shi Yu’s current identity. Only then could Shi Yu take a fancy to them.

“It’s over there.” Shi Yu pointed behind him.

The Third Prince and everyone looked behind Shi Yu.

Well, there was a panda, a butterfly, a sword spirit, and a ginseng baby. What else was there?

Everyone looked carefully and realized that a small water slime was also mixed in.

Everyone couldn’t react for a moment. The little white dragon asked, “Senior Shi Yu, where is it?”

“Susu,” Shi Yu called. The Water Slime standing behind the Iron-eating Beast with Chi Tong immediately bounced forward.

“Ning…” The Water Slime called. “That’s it.” Shi Yu smiled.

As the Water Slime jumped out, the White Azure Dragon, White Brook, Yu Shu, Yin Zhengfan, and the others immediately opened their mouths wide. For a moment, they were even more at a loss. They still didn’t react, unable to understand. “This, this, this is, Water Slime??” The White Azure Dragon was extremely stunned.

“Senior Shi Yu, why did you contract such a thing!” It was quite honest.

Although it felt that this thing was stronger than ordinary Slimes, it was still very weak.

Why would Shi Yu contract it?

Shi Yu had clearly asked it about a bunch of overlord heirs, but in the end… it didn’t choose any.

“Ning???” Susu was stunned when it heard that. Then, her whole body became a water ball.

What did it mean “such a thing’!

It wanted to ask Shi Yu if it could punch this

guy!

The gem cat was also stunned. Good lord, even its father didn’t dare to talk to it like this. It was so brave. Wasn’t it afraid its father would beat it up?

“It’s not an ordinary Slime. Little White, you might not necessarily be able to defeat it, and your potential might not necessarily be stronger than it,” Shi Yu said with a smile and ill intentions.

“Uh??” The Third Prince was stunned.

“How is that possible? Hahahaha.”

“Senior Shi Yu, what are you saying? I’m inferior to a Slime?”

Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, and Chi Tong looked up. Did it think it was very strong?

The Third Prince’s smile stopped.

However, it still shook its head suddenly. It couldn’t believe it. When it came to Iron-eating Beasts, Butterfly of Imagination, Baby Ginseng, and this Sword Spirit… It had lived in Dragon Palace City since it was young and didn’t understand it at all. However, things like Water Slimes were too common in the ocean and too common in Dragon Palace City. They were basically equivalent to the Green Silkworm in the forest on the ground. They were completely not worth mentioning compared to powerful sea beasts.

If it was told that it was inferior to a slime, it wouldn’t believe it even if it was beaten to death!

“Come, little guy, attack and take a look. Look here.” The Third Prince stretched out its face and pointed at itself with his claws, saying softly to Susu.

“Ning??” Susu was stunned. She had never seen such a request.

However, it was exactly what it wanted.

In the next moment, it enlarged.

[Activating the devoured ‘Time Fruit’. Transformation successful.]

Susu had once eaten the Time Fruit in the ruins space. Although it couldn’t transform the Time Fruit into a permanent racial skill, with the Infinite Devouring Space, it was the most effective pet in Shi Yu’s team apart from Baby Ginseng

Although it was only a monarch race, with the will of an overlord, it was also fine to say that it had the potential of an overlord. In addition to the transformation effect of Infinite Devouring… At this moment, through the Time Fruit stored in its body using the Infinite Devouring skill, it directly activated most of its potential with the overlord’s will and the Time Fruit. Its energy value instantly increased from 40,000 to more than a million.

Boom!

A shocking monarch deterrence erupted from the Little Slime’s body along with the mist that filled the sky. It opened its mouth wide. Under the confused expressions of the White Azure Dragon, White Brook, and the others, strong water instantly condensed and compressed in its mouth.

“Holy shit, monarch level.” At the same time, Yu Shu and the others were immediately stunned when they sensed the monarch aura emitted by the slime.

Damn, a Slime of an extraordinary race had reached the level of a monarch?

The Slime roared!

Water Elemental Control, Water Dragon Ball!

“Roar!!!!” As the water compressed in Susu’s mouth, a water dragon that seemed to have been condensed from the water of a bottomless lake suddenly formed. The water dragon bared its fangs and brandished its claws, wrapped in a blue halo. With a roar, under the little white dragon’s stunned expression, it smashed onto its body with a bang!

With a loud bang! Accompanied by a huge impact, the little white dragon’s “fragile” body was directly pushed away suddenly. It was instantly smashed dozens of meters away, and then its entire body hit a small mountain by the river with a bang.

Click.

The mountain shattered, and the little white dragon that was sent flying into the mountain wall felt the pain in its body and opened its mouth wide.

What happened just now? Who was it? Where was it? What was it?

“Roar?? (Monarch level… Slime?)” At this moment, seeing a Water Slime that should only know how to multiply and bubble control the water flow so perfectly, with its own body that had even reached the ridiculous monarch level… Yin Zhengfan, Yu Shu, and the others widened their eyes in confusion as they looked at the little white dragon that was miserably sent flying.

They then looked at Shi Yu, who had an innocent expression as he scratched his cheek and tilted his head.

“I already said that my Slime Susu is very strong.”

ILII

Damn, you call this a Slime?

A moment later, Yu Shu, Yin Zhengfan, and the others reacted.

Third Prince!!!

They forgot to tell it that every pet Shi Yu contracted was not scientific! That was definitely not a water slime. It was definitely a deep sea ferocious beast wearing a slime skin!!