Chapter 286 - Slime Vs Little White Dragon (1)

Chapter 286 Slime vs Little White Dragon (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Under the lead of the local dragon, the Third Prince, they went to meet many heirs of overlords and monarchs and became familiar with each other in advance.

ce

“Hehe.” Among them, Yu Shu directly contracted a dragon of a quasi overlord race without waiting for the Dragon Palace banquet to begin. His progress was one step faster than everyone, and he was ecstatic.

“Thank you for the recommendation, Third Prince.” Yu Shu thanked the White Azure Dragon again and again.

“You’re welcome. You’re Senior Shi Yu’s friends, so you’re my friends,” the little white dragon said generously, making Yu Shu tear up.

“I wonder what Shi Yu… will contract in the end,” Yu Shu muttered.

The White Azure Dragon said, “I’ll definitely introduce a better one to Senior Shi Yu! It has to be at least 60% of my quality! Believe in my taste!”

Yu Shu: QAQ is envious.

Soon, everyone returned to Green Sky Island. At the same time, Shi Yu, who had just recovered and eaten a pile of food, was taking Eleven, Susu, and the others for a walk on Sky Green Island to admire the scenery of Dragon Palace City.

After coming to Dragon Palace City with much difficulty, Shi Yu didn’t want Eleven and the others to always just train. It was also very important to broaden their horizons.

The gem cat led the way in front and introduced the situation of Green Sky Island to Shi Yu and the others.

“I don’t know if it’s true. I also heard Principal Feng and Lu Qingyi’s speculation.”

“But you must be interested in this.”

“It’s said that the name of the Green Sky Island is formed using one character from each of the names of the Dragon Palace City’s Dragon God and the Dragon Emperor…” The cat lowered its voice.

Shi Yu: “???”

Wait a minute, what kind of tone was that?

Buggy and the others were excited and prepared to listen to gossip.

The gem cat said, “In any case, it’s fine as long as you know the situation is very complicated. It’s said that the Dragon God of this generation in Dragon Palace City is the Dragon Emperor’s soulmate, but he’s restricted by his race. Both parties couldn’t be together at that time. The Dragon God’s race was originally a Heavenly Sea Divine Dragon, but for the Dragon Emperor, it forcefully evolved into the image of a humanoid dragon lady. Unfortunately, the Dragon Emperor is already dead at this time.”

“But it’s said that it’s because of this relationship that Dragon Palace City was not only willing to befriend Dong Huang during its glory days, but even when it was weak, it was also willing to help Dong Huang.” “Really…”

Shi Yu opened his mouth slightly. This Dragon Emperor was definitely Long Aotian. It was fine if he fell off the cliff when he was young and obtained the recognition of the Mythical Ruins… Now he suddenly had a partner from another race?

As expected of the legendary emperor with the greatest luck in Dong Huang’s history. “It can’t be fake…”

“Of course, if such a history can’t be verified by the person involved, no one dares to say that it’s true,” the gem cat said. “Just eat up the gossip. Don’t talk nonsense…”

Shi Yu nodded, indicating that he understood…

Something that even Bureau 11’s index didn’t dare to record randomly. Who knew if it was a folk history from somewhere? What, Principal Feng and Senior Lu said it? What they said might not be accurate.

“Wu Hu ~”

Just as Shi Yu was gossiping with the gem cat, a familiar cry came from the sky.

They looked up and saw the White Azure Dragon flying in front of them, rushing over with White Brook, Yu Shu, and the others.

White Brook had huge white wings at this moment, and her hair was still white. Shi Yu knew that this was the combination form of her and another pet. The pet was an immortal feather crane with an outstanding aura.

The others also flew in their own ways, such as Yu Shu still riding the bone dragon.

“Senior Shi Yu, you’re finally back. What exactly were you talking about with my father?”

After the little white dragon came down, it said excitedly.

When Shi Yu saw it like this, he knew that regardless of whether it was the Poison Dragon Totem or the Blue Sea Sprite, the Sea Dragon King had never told it. As expected of this spoiled Third Prince…

“Shi Yu!”

After White Brook and the others landed, they greeted Shi Yu one by one.

Shi Yu looked at the eight people and one dragon and said with a smile, “It’s nothing. I didn’t chat much with the Sea Dragon King. I just passed by an island on the way back and encountered a pet I was very familiar with. I was delayed by the contract.”

“Huh?” When Shi Yu finished speaking, the little white dragon was stunned.

Yu Shu, White Brook, Yin Zhengfan, and the others were also stunned.

“You finished the contract before the Dragon Palace banquet too?” Yu Shu was shocked. “Too?” Shi Yu looked at him. “Under the introduction of the Third Prince, Yu Shu successfully contracted an ancient sea horse called Ancient Sea Dragon,” White Brook said.

White Brook was also very happy. After all, Yu Shu was also from Ancient Capital University. Ancient Sea Dragon+his untamed heroic spirit seed also made him a potential successor for the battle club.

“Heh.” Yu Shu smiled smugly again. The Ancient Sea Dragon was a quasi overlord race, and Yu Shu was already very satisfied.

It was too difficult to have a true overlord’s son. He was only an intermediate Beast Tamer now, so the chances of contracting one were really not high.

Fortunately, the dragon-element evolution resource prepared by his family this time, the Nether Dragon Grass, was a rare commodity. Even in Dragon Palace City, it was a popular item.

Nether Dragon Grass.

Dragon and undead resources.

Its value even exceeded spatial resources of the same level.

It could allow the dragons it consumed to awaken a super-level skill, the Undead Dragon. The Undead Dragon was a super-level clone and evolution skill. Its training exceeded the perfect stage and could allow the user to have a perfect undead clone with comparable battle power. Then, both parties could also undergo a fusion evolution. For those monarch races with only one super skill, this resource was definitely top-notch.

This time, Yu Shu relied on this to deceive a young dragon of a quasi overlord race.