Chapter 280 - Returning To Dragon Palace City

Chapter 280 Returning to Dragon Palace City

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Poison Fang Island.

That island with the sea ruins.

Shi Yu and the others used the Lightning Rod, Hardening, Deterrence, and Illusory Phantom to leave behind a Sea Calming Rod with the awareness of friend and foe on Qishui Island before leaving.

This Sea Calming Rod was created with Eleven’s strength as the core. It was easy to intimidate monarch-level sea beasts with more than 1 million energy points.

With this to protect Qishui Island, if another enemy like the Sludge Dragon came, the Cleansing Water Sprite King could easily crush it with the help of the Sea Calming Rod.

“Ning…” This was the first time the Water Slime Susu had left Qishui Island.

As Shi Yu rode the “flying bed” conjured by Buggy to Poison Fang Island, its obsessive-compulsive disorder immediately acted up.

This place was too dirty!!! It needed to be cleansed!!!

“Next time, next time!”

Shi Yu persuaded Susu. There was something urgent at the moment.

He pulled the angry and reluctant Susu and finally returned to the Blue Sea Ruins.

“Ning?”

The Blue Sea Ruins was still very special. Seeing that there was actually such a clean building on this polluted island, Susu was stunned.

In an instant, huge Blue Sea Ruins filled his vision.

It didn’t know why, but when it saw this huge water cube, it felt an indescribable sense of closeness.

“Ning…” It asked Shi Yu what this was.

“Well…”

“This is called the Blue Sea Ruins. It was built by a great existence called the Blue Sea Sprite.” “Ning?? (Blue Sea Sprite??)” Susu kept feeling that it had heard of it somewhere.

After recalling it, it was immediately stunned. This was because back in the ruins space, Shi Yu had said that after it reached the overlord level, it could evolve into the Blue Sea Sprite…

“The Blue Sea Sprite is a water-element creature born in the ocean because countless sea creatures want to have a clean home.”

“In a sense, the Sea Sprite is the guardian of the sea, the cleaner of the sea.”

“For example, it has mastered the strongest cleansing skill, the Spirit of Sea Cleansing.”

“This ability can cleanse and wash away all filth. Even the ‘evil thoughts’ that exist in the heart of a life can be completely converted into ‘good thoughts’.”

“In the past, there were many monsters tens of thousands of times stronger than the Sludge Monster who wanted to pollute the sea. However, in the end, they didn’t succeed. Instead, under the purification of the Sea Sprite, they washed away their ambition and became the guardians of the sea.”

Shi Yu explained the background of the Blue Sea Sprite to it.

Susu was stunned.

It was already pretty impressive that Shi Yu had those water sprites try their best to cleanse the sea. That Blue Sea Sprite could actually let the Sludge Monster protect the environment?

“Yeah, it’s even said that the ‘self-cleaning ability’ of the ocean was given to the sea by the sea sprite through this skill.”

“Apart from that, it also mastered the strongest water-type skill, the Blue Sea Contract.”

“With this skill, no matter where it is, even if it’s land or sky, it can communicate with the sea at any time because it has already signed a contract with the sea. Its body is connected to the entire sea. It can mobilize the power of the sea at any time. This is the top-level skill to control the power of nature.” According to Shi Yu’s understanding, the Blue Sea Sprite only had two super racial skills.

The Spirit of Sea Cleansing and the Blue Sea Contract.

However, even if it only had these two skills, because these two skills were too heaven-defying, its strength and potential were rarely comparable to creatures.

There was no need to talk about the Spirit of the Sea Cleansing. It was the basic skill of the Blue Sea Sprite to become the cleanser of the sea. In essence, it used the power of the entire sea to cleanse everything, and it also involved the use of natural power. As for the Blue Sea Contract, it was the source of the strength of the Blue Sea Sprite.

It could sign a contract with the sea, and its body was connected to the sea. What kind of concept was this?

It meant that it almost had endless energy. As long as the sea didn’t dry up, its energy was endless. This was also why the Blue Sea Sprite could make even half-gods submit to it.

It could be said that because of the existence of the Blue Sea Contract, the Sea Sprites was the race that could mobilize the power of the sea the easiest..

After learning the Blue Sea Contract, an ordinary water spear could use the effect of a tsunami.

Its cleansing power became extremely powerful because of this.

“Ning…” Susu’s eyes immediately lit up.

So strong!

“However, because it has been cleansing those negative powers, its own consumption is also very serious. It can only obtain new life through continuous reincarnation.”

“In the Blue Sea Ruins, the incomparable purification power and Inner Sea Contract of the Inner Sea Sprite are stored. Only the reincarnation of the Inner Sea Sprite can inherit it.”

“Ning!!”

Upon hearing that the Blue Sea Sprite was actually so great and powerful, Susu immediately felt respect.

Idol!

“Oh?” Shi Yu smiled at Susu.

Susu immediately turned into water and used the water to condense a question mark.

Susu: E(°4 °|11)_!!!

It suddenly realized something.

The water trembled as it condensed an arrow and pointed at itself.

“Yes.”

“Ning??!!”

Susu was shocked. Shi Yu meant that… it was the reincarnation of the Blue Sea Sprite??

How was this possible…

How could such a great existence… reincarnate into a slime?

“The matter of the Blue Sea Sprite’s reincarnation becoming a Slime is completely unscientific!”

“I’m also very surprised, but it should be you.”

“Although you’re very weak.”

“But you’re so weak, and you actually have such a powerful will to cleanse the filth. If it wasn’t you, who else could it be?”

Shi Yu looked at the Sea Ruins and said to Susu, “Are you excited to know that you were such a great existence in your previous life?”

Susu was at a loss.

“Are you worried that you don’t have the right to inherit the power of the Blue Sea Sprite and don’t have the determination to become the guardian of the sea?”

Susu’s body stiffened. It nodded slightly and shook its head again.

Even with its super willpower, it was still a little confused to suddenly hear such an incomprehensible thing.

The overlord’s will was not the greatest will. Although the overlord will was very impressive, in the world, there might be a lot of lives with the overlord will.

However, to be able to protect and cleanse the sea like the Blue Sea Sprites for hundreds of millions of years and have the determination to protect the sea even after countless rebirths… It could be said to be a mythical will.

At the moment, Susu was less than three years old. Even if it was determined, she couldn’t tie herself to the Blue Sea Sprite for the time

being.

“Forget it.”

“It’s better not to think too much.”

“You’re only a water slime now. You don’t have to feel too much pressure, nor do you have to care too much about the inheritance of the Blue Sea Sprite. Perhaps inheriting the power of the Blue Sea Sprite isn’t your end.”

Shi Yu pulled it into his hand and said, “It’s not necessarily a good thing to have too much responsibility. It’s tiring. In short, before the overlord level, just upgrade here with me easily and happily. Just like I said, you’re still very weak. You can think about the future.”

“Perhaps I can easily help you break through to the Mythical stage when the time comes. It’s fine if you don’t want to be a mere Blue Sea Sprite. Just be a Blue Sea Goddess!”

Upon hearing Shi Yu’s words, Susu was immediately very touched.

Beside them, Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, and Chi Tong, who had been silent the whole time, were used to it. This was because Shi Yu had also bragged to them. Everyone had a Mythical Dream, and they were all aiming for the Mythical stage.

After all, the dream of Shi Yu, a Mythology Scholar who had transmigrated from Earth, was to find a real myth.

Since the Mythical Era had disappeared, he would open a new Mythical Era himself. Fuu!!

Just as Shi Yu finished showing off, a suction force suddenly came from the Blue Sea Ruins in front of him, causing Shi Yu and the others’ faces to immediately distort.

“Holy shit, I’m in the middle of something! Ambush! I haven’t chatted with you or asked you to teleport!”

Dragon Palace City. Clearwater Island.

Blue Sea Ruins.

At this moment, the atmosphere was especially serious and solemn.

In the sky, lightning flashed and thunder rumbled.

Four huge creatures were gathered here, staring at the Blue Sea Ruins.

Among them was a huge white dragon.

There was a huge green-blue divine dragon.

There was an ice-blue dragon.

And a light blue sea dragon with coral-like wings.

Apart from them, there was also a human figure and a cat figure. “Lord Sea Dragon King, Lord Azure Dragon King, Lord Ice Dragon King, Lord Immortal Dragon King, Lord Tyrant Sea Legend, Lord Ying, Sir Shi Yu really disappeared here…”

The Turtle Minister wanted to cry.

Who would have thought? It only brought Shi Yu to Clearwater Island to take a look… Shi Yu was gone, just like that. “Blue Sea Ruins…”

Tyrant Sea Legend looked at the ruins in front of him solemnly.

Shi Yu had been missing for a day. As the legend leading the team, he naturally received the news immediately.

It was indeed scientific for members of Bureau 11 to disappear before the ruins, but…

“Damn it, where did this kid go?” Ice Dragon cursed.

It went out for a while and he was gone?

“Don’t tell me he really entered the Blue Sea Ruins,” the Sea Dragon King pondered.

“Sir Shi Yu was indeed very interested in the Blue Sea Ruins. He asked us a lot about the Blue Sea Ruins.” Apart from this group of totem big shots, there were also overlord sea beasts like Doctor Shell beside them.

At this moment, the Holy Healing Light Shell, the Pink Sea Immortal Spirit Water Jellyfish, the Heavenly Blue Star Coral, and the other sea beasts also had bitter expressions. They didn’t understand why the Sea Dragon King’s honored guest had suddenly disappeared.

And he had been missing for so long!

“Doctor Shelly, describe the situation again,” the Sea Dragon King said to the Sacred Bei.

This Shi Yu was the one guy who shouldn’t have disappeared…

It and the Ice Dragon had just returned from a complete victory. This Senior Ice Dragon had just helped Dragon Palace City a lot, but in the end, Dragon Palace City lost the Ice Dragon’s son. How could the Ice Dragon settle in Dragon Palace City and become a queen now?

Moreover, Shi Yu was also Dong Huang’s genius and was valued by his old friend, the Divine Feather Phoenix Butterfly. He definitely couldn’t lose him.

“At that time, Sir Shi Yu judged that the Poison Dragon Totem was related to some half-god, Yun An. He thought that the Ice Dragon King and the Sea Dragon King would be in danger and that the Immortal Dragon King might not be able to cleanse the poison of the Poison Dragon Totem…”

“Hmph.” Although the Immortal Dragon King, who had coral-like wings, didn’t know Shi Yu, he immediately didn’t have a good impression of him when he saw that this kid didn’t trust him.

It was just radiation poison. It had just returned to Dragon Palace City and helped the injured heal.

“Well…” The Sea Dragon King and Ice Dragon nodded silently. Although it was relatively easy for them to deal with the Poison Dragon Totem, Shi Yu was concerned about them and had good intentions.

“Then, as we chatted, we talked about Lord Blue Sea Sprite.”

The Immortal Dragon King said, “If there is poison that I can’t cleanse, only the legendary Blue Sea Sprite can.”

After all, this was the true guardian of the sea that stood above the Dragon God of Dragon Palace City.

“In short, Sir Shi Yu seems to want to see the Blue Sea Sprite very much, but because the Blue Sea Sprite hasn’t appeared in 3,000 years, he glanced at the Blue Sea Ruins… and said…”

“Since the Blue Sea Ruins can summon the reincarnation of the Inner Sea Sprite, the Blue Sea Ruins definitely knows where the reincarnation of the Inner Sea Sprite is. Why don’t we ask the Blue Sea Ruins?”

The Three Dragon Kings and the Tyrannical Sea Legend : “…”

This kid looked like he was dreaming.

In the hundreds of millions of years, no creature other than the Blue Sea Sprite had been able to communicate with the Blue Sea Ruins.

Ice Dragon pondered and said, “Do you think there’s a possibility that this kid really activated the Blue Sea Ruins and was teleported into the ruins?”

“To be honest, I think this kid has some skills in communicating with ruins. If I were the spirit of the ruins, I definitely wouldn’t be able to sit still!”

“This…” The Dragon King’s wife, the Azure Dragon King, said,” But the Blue Sea Ruins is an inheritance ruin that inherits the power of the Inner Sea Sprite. Why is it teleporting a human Beast Tamer?”

“Firstly, we can eliminate the possibility that Shi Yu is the reincarnation of the Blue Sea Sprite.” Beside him, the gem cat was tired.

It was also very afraid of losing Shi Yu. It wouldn’t be able to explain to Ancient Capital University when it returned.

However, the current situation made it feel like it was similar to the time in the Emperor Wu Ruins.

Shi Yu must have done something again.

Sigh…

Just as most of the big shots in Dragon Palace City surrounded the Blue Sea Ruins and discussed Shi Yu’s situation, a wave of ripples suddenly appeared in the Blue Sea Ruins.

This change immediately attracted their attention.

Their large eyes looked in the direction of the Blue Sea Ruins.

Then, a slightly painful scene appeared. The Blue Sea Ruins was like a bed of bullets, and a bunch of creatures suddenly popped out.

One human, one panda, one butterfly, one ginseng baby, one sword spirit, one water slime… Who else could it be other than Shi Yu and the others? “Eh.” After coming out, Shi Yu was still a little stunned.

He was already used to Buggy’s Instant Transmission, but he was a little dizzy from the teleportation of the Blue Sea Ruins.

“Hu…” Shi Yu and the pets rubbed their eyes and looked over.

This look stunned Shi Yu instantly. He looked at the huge four dragon kings, as well as the Tyrannical Sea Legend, the gem cat, and the Turtle Prime Minister on the ground with a stunned expression.

“Uh, seniors, this is…”

“Look, look!! He really entered the ruins!” the Ice Dragon King said proudly. The prophecy was right! However, Shi Yu’s hair… What was going on?? “You, what’s going on?” After a moment of silence, Tyrannical Sea Legend also asked Shi Yu.

Shi Yu looked around and looked at everyone before looking at the Water Slime.

“I didn’t go to the inside of the Blue Sea Ruins.”

“But if I say that because the Blue Sea Ruins found the growth of the Blue Sea Sprite Reincarnation too slow, so it entrusted me to take care of the Blue Sea Sprite Reincarnation in this lifetime and teleported me to the location of the Blue Sea Sprite Reincarnation… Would you believe me??”

“Well, it’s the reincarnation of this lifetime’s Blue Sea Sprite.” Shi Yu bent down and picked up the cute Water Slime.

“To seniors… Eh, no… Well, forget it. Just treat them as seniors and greet them.”

“Ning!”

Everyone: “?”

“???”

Huh???

This guy actually managed to get an answer from the ruins??

The Sea Dragon King, the Azure Dragon King, and the Immortal Dragon King and the other totems, along with the three healers, widened their eyes and looked at Shi Yu and the Water Slime.

However, he wasn’t f*cking kidding, right?

The Blue Sea Sprite had reincarnated into a water slime?

Susu: (2_C)

It looked at this pile of big shots that was countless times larger than itself and was abnormally nervous… This was… This was… Dragon Palace City? In short, now, even the three Dragon Kings who were totems and the legendary Tyrannical Sea were completely unable to understand what Shi Yu had just said.

Boom.

Thunder rumbled in the sky, representing the mood of the big shots.

“What exactly is going on…” The Sea Dragon King asked with a hoarse voice.

It looked at the Water Slime and said, “It’s the reincarnation of the Blue Sea Sprite??”

Shi Yu nodded and said, “Yes.”

Many Dragon Kings were shocked still. They couldn’t connect the Blue Sea Sprite to the Water Slime in Shi Yu’s arms no matter what.

However, with the reaction of the Blue Sea Ruins as proof, they didn’t know where to start suspecting

Damn, no way.

“As expected of you.” The gem cat looked at Shi Yu and was extremely excited. It was the first to believe him.

You easily did what Lu Qingyi didn’t do five years ago!

“The current situation is…” Tyrannical Sea Legend asked.

“I signed a contract with it to nurture it to the overlord level before it accepts the inheritance of the Blue Sea Ruins,” Shi Yu said.

Holy shit.

As Shi Yu finished speaking, the Turtle Minister and the other creatures were even more shocked. You f*cking signed a contract with the Blue Sea Sprite Reincarnation??

What was wrong with him!

How was this possible! He had never heard of a Blue Sea Sprite following a human Beast Tamer in its lifetime.

This…

At this moment, the totems and overlords present were shocked because they knew very well what the name “Blue Sea Sprite” meant. Although the Blue Sea Sprite had a large number of enemies, at the same time, as the guardian of the sea, the Blue Sea Sprite had countless believers and countless followers. It was an existence even more honorable than the Dragon God of Dragon Palace City.

Even Dragon Palace City had received the favor of the Blue Sea Sprite several times.

They really couldn’t imagine that such an existence would actually sign a contract with a human Beast Tamer.

For a time, these totems and overlords couldn’t help but pant. Legend Sea Tyrant was even more stunned and felt that it was ridiculous.

They came to participate in the Dragon Palace banquet to obtain the recognition of the heir of the Dragon Palace City’s overlord- this was their final goal.

In the end, he came and directly took away a life that was even more impressive than the Dragon God of Dragon Palace City? Originally, when the Tyrannical Sea Legend had heard that someone had contracted the heroic spirit of General Mu Huiyin, he had sighed with emotion that the younger generation would surpass the older generation. Now, as Shi Yu contracted an even more ridiculous Blue Sea Sprite, he no longer knew how to express his emotions.

Beast Tamers and pets often had achievements together.

Although he didn’t know what kind of Beast Tamer Shi Yu would become in the future, the status and identity of the Blue Sea Sprite was already placed here. The Blue Sea Sprite was almost guaranteed to become a super life form at the demigod level. In that case, wouldn’t Shi Yu definitely have legendary talent?

Even if the Blue Sea Sprite broke through to the overlord level and left Shi Yu after accepting the inheritance, because of this contract experience, Shi Yu would definitely become a friend of the sea. It might even affect the Dragon Emperor, who was on good terms with Dragon Palace City at that time. “What’s with your hair…” This was also what the Tyrannical Sea Legend wanted to ask.

At this moment, in their opinion, Shi Yu looked like he was about to die.

Shi Yu was stunned. “Perhaps it’s the necessary price to listen to the voice of the Blue Sea Ruins and contract the Inner Sea Sprite… I’m so tired… Sea Dragon King, is there any high-level resource to replenish life force in Dragon Palace City?”

With that said, he retracted Eleven, Susu, and the others with a weak expression.

“Next, I might need to rest for a while…”

“Uh, yes, yes! Prime Minister Turtle, quickly retrieve resources for him!!!” Seeing Shi Yu’s appearance, the Sea Dragon King immediately said to Prime Minister Turtle.

Following that, Shi Yu also sat on the ground.

He was indeed very tired.

Shi Yu’s sitting immediately frightened the Sea Dragon King and the other totems.

If they had to prevent anything from happening to Shi Yu in the past, that was even more so the case now!

Because they had seen Shi Yu enter and leave the Blue Sea Ruins with their own eyes, they finally chose to believe Shi Yu.

Shi Yu… was chosen by the Blue Sea Sprite and became the Beast Tamer of the Blue Sea Sprite!

This was a huge matter.

In short, if Dragon Palace City could assist the growth of the Blue Sea Sprite in this lifetime, Dragon Palace City could also obtain countless benefits.

The Sea Dragon King and the other totems were very clear on this.

Therefore, at this moment, they didn’t dare to slight Shi Yu. To be precise, they didn’t dare to slight the young Blue Sea Sprite that Shi Yu had contracted.

“By the way.”

Just as Shi Yu sat down, he suddenly recalled something and looked at the Immortal Dragon King, Ice Dragon, and Doctor Shell in confusion.

“Wait, seniors, you’re all here. Does that mean that the Poison Dragon has been resolved?”

“Yes, but not completely,” the Sea Dragon King was stunned and said.

“That guy is a sore loser. If it can’t win, it will enter an armorized state that can’t be broken through. It continues to release poison. I can only freeze and seal it first,” Ice Dragon said. “After all, if it self-destructs, everyone will be finished. Dragon Palace City’s sea area is the worst.”

Shi Yu was stunned. “What about the sea beasts affected by the poison?”

Doctor Shell: “Fortunately, Lord Immortal Dragon King has already successfully cured them.”

Shi Yu and the Immortal Dragon King looked at each other.

If it was said that the Immortal Dragon King found Shi Yu less pleasing to the eye just now now that Shi Yu had obtained the recognition of the Blue Sea Sprite, it found Shi Yu pleasing to the eye again.

“I’ve already healed those poisoned people, but my ability is indeed limited. Because these injured people weren’t deeply poisoned, it’s easier to heal and cleanse them. But that Poison Dragon Totem that lost its mind because of the poison… my ability isn’t enough to cleanse it,” the Immortal Dragon King said.

“However, now that the Blue Sea Sprite has returned, that Poison Dragon Totem can definitely be purified.”

Shi Yu heaved a sigh of relief when he saw that Mother Dragon was not injured and that the poisoned sea beasts had recovered.

Now, Susu had yet to receive the inheritance of the Blue Sea Sprite and had yet to grow up. It really didn’t have the ability to cleanse powerful poison.

Since everything was settled, that was good. “By the way, if possible, please, Sir Shi Yu. When the time comes, help that Poison Dragon Totem cleanse the negative power in its body with Lord Blue Sea Sprite,” the Immortal Dragon King said.

“That Poison Dragon Totem also became like this because it was corroded by the mutated power. Perhaps it wasn’t the culprit behind all of this. When I touched it, I could clearly hear the cries and struggles in its heart.”

“It must be those bastards from the seven islands,” the Sea Dragon King cursed. “Unfortunately, there’s no evidence, but if we can restore that Poison Dragon’s rationality, there might be evidence.”

“When the time comes, let’s fight together and find a reason.” The Sea Dragon King and the others didn’t kill the Poison Dragon Totem. After all, it was a totem and a dragon. The other party was also a victim. If possible, they would naturally turn the enemy into a friend and find a common enemy to maximize their benefits. At that time, if there was evidence, there would be a reason to attack. They could go and kill the seven islands.

However, without sufficient evidence, with only knowing that the Poison Dragon Totem came from the direction of the seven islands, it was really difficult for Dragon Palace City to fall out with the seven islands.

It was mainly because Dragon Palace City didn’t know if the legends of the seven islands had died.

sev

If that female Martial God didn’t die, the battle power of the seven islands was still strong.

None of the seven countries that could escape the control of the totems was weak. At least at that time, there was a legendary Beast Tamer.

The Sea Dragon King looked at Shi Yu.

At this moment, Shi Yu fell into deep thought.

That Poison Dragon couldn’t be cleansed yet?

He still wanted to understand Yun An’s situation through this poison dragon. “I understand. I’ll nurture the Blue Sea Sprite to the overlord level as soon as possible. At that time, It’ll help cleanse that Poison Dragon.”

Shi Yu estimated that he should be able to raise the Blue Sea Sprite to the overlord level in a year.

With the talent to increase super skills, it was that fast.

Even if Dragon Palace City tried its best to nurture a Water Slime, it was impossible to do it faster than Shi Yu.

“Do you need our help?” the Sea Dragon King asked.

Shi Yu was stunned and said, “Yes, do you have that kind of water-element resource? One that’s very high quality, but its level is very low…”

“Perhaps it can be used to accelerate the growth of the Blue Sea Sprite.”

The Sea Dragon King was stunned and said, “I can get the Turtle Prime Minister to look for it in the treasure vault later.”

“Is there anything else? Why don’t you stay in Dragon Palace City, Sir Shi Yu? We’ll definitely use all our resources…”

“No!” At this moment, the Tyrannical Sea Legend said indifferently, “Dong Huang’s resources are also sufficient. It’s better for Shi Yu to return to the ground.”

The Sea Dragon King curled its lips. Damn old

man.

They were all family, and this guy…

The Immortal Dragon King said, “I think that since the Lord Blue Sea Sprite has returned, Dragon Palace City needs to establish an Oceanic Environmental Protection Department to protect the Lord Blue Sea Sprite. I think Sir Shi Yu is very suitable to be the in-charge of this department.”

Shi Yu: “?”

Holy shit, how did it know what he was going to say?

Well, he did say it back on that island…

The Azure Dragon King nodded and said, “My child is pretty smart. He can help run errands.”

The Sea Dragon King smiled in embarrassment. Son of a b*tch, a day ago, it still felt that Shi Yu’s historical listening talent wasn’t enough for its son. Now, its wife had sold their son to Shi Yu as an errand boy??

Damn, listening to history talents could be used like this? It could even casually contract the Blue Sea Sprite???

It didn’t understand!

“That makes sense. I’ll announce it at the Dragon Palace banquet the day after tomorrow. Congratulations to Senior Ice Dragon for joining Dragon Palace City and for the establishment of the Dragon Palace Ocean Environmental Protection Department. Little Friend Shi Yu, you should also come to the Dragon Palace banquet with Senior Ice Dragon,” the Sea Dragon King said politely. After all, the reappearance of the Blue Sea Sprite after 3,000 years was important. They even estimated that the Dragon God would be shocked soon. The tortoise prime minister: “What you say makes sense…”

At this moment, Ice Dragon was beside him. It suddenly felt more and more uncomfortable.

Wait a minute. He, a totem, had joined Dragon Palace City and had just helped to solve a big enemy.

Logically speaking, shouldn’t the totems of Dragon Palace City revolve around it!

Why did they all run to curry favor with Shi Yu now??

Roar!!!

Was this scientific!

At this moment, Shi Yu was also flattered. This was too blissful.

He sighed. Being a beast tamer really meant cuddling up to others. Even their own beasts…

Next, he could also follow the totem dragon king to the Dragon Palace banquet as the minister of the environmental protection department of Dragon Palace City. He wondered what Yu Shu and the others would think of him… It was annoying.