Chapter 285 - Slime Vs Little White Dragon

Chapter 285 Slime vs Little White Dragon

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

In the end, Shi Yu chose four of the resources.

After Shi Yu finished choosing, Prime Minister Turtle took leave.

Soon, the gem cat circled Dragon Palace City and returned to Shi Yu.

“Ha ~” The gem cat yawned and entered. It saw Shi Yu, who was recuperating. “Eh, your hair turned black?”

As soon as it entered, it discovered Shi Yu’s change. “Has it turned black?”

Shi Yu was also stunned. Then, he smiled and said, “Perhaps because I’m in a good mood.”

The gem cat curled its lips. Changing hair color depending on the mood? What was this guy talking about.

“Where’s the reincarnation of the Blue Sea Sprite?”

“I brought it delicious food. Let me see it again,” the gem cat urged.

Not only Dragon Palace City and Dong Huang, even the cat wanted to build a good relationship with the Blue Sea Sprite before it grew up. “Uh, it’s training with Eleven and the others…” Shi Yu looked.

“What???” The gem cat was immediately shocked.

Gem Cat: w (A) w

“You won’t let a Slime do such cruel training in your team for some overlord’s will, right?”

The gem cat immediately worried if Shi Yu would play this Blue Sea Sprite Reincarnation to death.

“Calm down!!”

The corners of Shi Yu’s mouth twitched. “The Blue Sea Sprite Reincarnation isn’t as weak as you think. When it’s at the transcendent or even the Awakening level, it might have already mastered the overlord’s will. It’s even higher than your will level. There’s no need to train at all. It’s almost natural.”

“Huh?” The gem cat was stunned.

So rude.

What did it mean that the level of willpower was higher than its?

Since when did it not only have to be a battle force unit, but also a willpower unit?

“Then I’ll call it out?” Shi Yu hurriedly changed the topic.

“Yes, yes,” the gem cat urged. Damn it, Shi Yu had completely won this time. “Call Baby Ginseng and the others out too. I’ve also prepared them delicious food.”

Might as well please its companions, after all.

Then, Shi Yu summoned a bunch of pets.

The gem cat immediately acted like a gentle big sister and went to feed all kinds of delicious food brought from Dragon Palace City to Susu.

Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, and Chi Tong also borrowed the love directed at Susu and quickly ate.

“It’s not bad to train hard, but you also have to work and rest them accordingly. Look at how hungry they are,” the gem cat muttered. Shi Yu : “…”

He never starved them before… Even if they were full, they wouldn’t be able to control themselves if this cat took out so many things!

“Where’s Senior Bai and the others?” Shi Yu asked.

“Are they on the island now?”

The gem cat: “I’m not sure… they might be here, or they might have gone to play. I’m not with them.”

“For example, that Heavenly King Zou seemed to have gone straight to Black Flood Dragon Island from the start.” “The banquet is now delayed for three days. I reckon they might not necessarily be able to stay.”

“Oh, oh, I understand.” Shi Yu nodded.

Heavenly King Zou knew very well.

Before the Dragon Palace banquet started, he would visit the Black Flood Dragon overlord first. He had a clear goal.

What did it mean to strike first?

What did it mean to be the early worm!

After the others reacted, they realized that there was sufficient time. It was normal for them to go tend to their studies or affairs one by one. “They probably don’t know about the Poison Dragon Totem and me yet, right?” Shi Yu confirmed.

The gem cat said, “I don’t know. Only the totems and a small number of sea beasts who have experienced it personally know about the Poison Dragon Totem. The news is temporarily suppressed.”

“As for your matter… Probably even fewer people know about the Blue Sea Sprite at the moment. Only less than ten people present knew.”

“However, your relationship with Ice Dragon was deduced by Yu Shu and the others.”

“Oh?” Shi Yu revealed a curious expression. “Yu Shu?”

“Yes, after you and Ice Dragon left, he was stunned for a long time before deducing your relationship with Ice Dragon.”

“As expected of the first target Buggy used the Ice Dragon Phantom to torture. He’s indeed talented…” Shi Yu said.

Because Shi Yu had displayed the Ice Dragon Phantom in the vocation assessment, Yu Shu, the descendant of the Dragon Tamer, had investigated Shi Yu.

Connecting Shi Yu’s identity as an archaeologist to the legends of the Ice Dragon Snow Mountain and Ice Dragon Ruins in Icefield City, it was not difficult to determine that Shi Yu and Ice Dragon might have a relationship. In addition, the old principal of Ancient Capital University was also associated with a guardian through archeology. What else could Yu Shu say? He could only envy Shi Yu and his experience. He was clearly the Dragon Tamer, but Shi Yu, this guy who didn’t even have a dragon tamer family, had a better relationship with dragons than any Dragon Tamer or dragon race. It was unfair…

However, although they guessed that Shi Yu might have met this ice dragon when exploring the Ice Dragon Ruins, the seniority of the ice dragon still shocked Yu Shu and the others. Even the Sea Dragon King who had followed Lin Feng, a legend, called the Ice Dragon Senior… The Ice Dragon followed the Time Emperor. What kind of concept was that? It completely made Yu Shu and the others dizzy. They were even more envious that Shi Yu could cozy up to such a powerful figure.

“I heard that Shi Yu is back!”

Outside Heaven Green Island.

A group of people was flying towards Green Sky Island. At this moment, Yu Shu, White Brook, and the others who had come to visit Dragon Palace City, apart from Heavenly King Zou and the two navy Beast Tamers, were all among them. A little white dragon flew in front of them to lead the way.

1.

Behind the little white dragon, Yu Shu and the others had happy expressions. They also understood the benefits of sucking up to it.

The one they chose to cozy up to was naturally the little white dragon.

As expected, these people weren’t idling on the island.

As Shi Yu, the Ice Dragon, and the Sea Dragon King left, after the little white dragon came to Green Sky Island to look for Shi Yu for the second time without any results, Yu Shu and the others took the opportunity to cozy up to the Third Prince and started to fool around with him.