Chapter 284 - Treasure Of Dragon Palace City (4)

Chapter 284 Treasure of Dragon Palace City (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

But clearly, the two of them used the Interlocking Sword and Chi Tong as the tactical core.

This Dead Sea Fire looked a little interesting. He wondered if Susu could evolve any skills that were better suited to the extremely hot power after devouring this to turn their combination battle strategy into a dual-core system.

In addition, this level wasn’t high either…

Shi Yu continued watching, but there weren’t that many resources that were perfectly compatible. He had flipped through a lot, but he only found Dead Fire Sea interesting. As for the others, it wasn’t that he couldn’t devour them, but the randomness was too strong. The skills might not be of much value.

“Huh??”

Suddenly, Shi Yu flipped to the back and discovered a strange portrait.

This was… a goat horn?

No!

[Name]: Kirin Horn fossil

(Level]: None

< Introduction > It’s suspected to be a Mythical creature, a fossil of the divine beast, the Wind Kirin.

“Holy shit,” Shi Yu exclaimed.

“Oooh.” The Turtle Minister was shocked. “F*ck, f*ck, f*ck, f*ck.” Shi Yu exclaimed in succession. “Prime Minister Turtle, this fossil… is this serious?”

“Mythical creature’s fossil?? Are you kidding?”

“Ah… That fossil is indeed suspected to be the fossil of the Mythical creature, the Wind Kirin. In the beginning, it might even be a Mythical resource,” the Turtle Prime Minister said.

“It was obtained from the Dragon God Ruins by a certain generation of the Dragon God hundreds of millions of years ago. It’s said that at the beginning, its energy level was close to a level-ten Mythical resource.”

“But the problem is that although the energy level is very strong, this fossil has almost no effect. It’s just that the pure energy is strong, and it’s useless…”

“In the end, it was collected by Dragon Palace City for generations. Then, it was still useless. It has been tossed around until now. Well, it landed in the hands of Lord Azure Dragon King. Its energy level has also fallen to level zero under the erosion of hundreds of millions of years. There’s no longer any energy wave.”

“But because its origin is really not simple… no Dragon King wants to throw it away.”

Shi Yu stared intently at the goat horn on the manual. Ah, no, the Kirin Horn image.

Fossil!!!

Moreover, it was a fossil of a Mythical creature?!

At this moment, Shi Yu’s heart thumped. The first thing he thought of was not to let Susu devour it.

Instead… Dream stealing, and materializing the divine beast, the Wind Kirin, even if it was just an illusion with just one hundred millionth of its power!

Then, with the mythical beast phantom as the template, he would create the sixth mechanical

pet!

Initially, his goal was an ancient species like the Tyrant Dragon, but now, he had actually discovered a fossil suspected to be from the Mythical Era??

Damn it, why would he want an ancient seed? He should just use a divine beast to make machinery.

Mecha Kirin, super battleship Kirin!

Of course, the premise was that… this thing had a dream world that he and Buggy could enter and replicate it.

But no matter what, Shi Yu was completely attracted by this Kirin Horn fossil.

“Prime Minister Turtle, can we also choose this fossil?” Shi Yu asked.

“Of course. Lord Sea Dragon King, Lord Azure Dragon King, and Lord Immortal Dragon King said that you can choose whatever you want!” it said.

“But Lord Shi Yu, are you sure you want this… The Dragon King has studied this for many generations of Dragon Gods. It’s basically useless…”

“I’m thinking about it,” Shi Yu said.

“Alright… By the way,” the Turtle Prime Minister reminded. “Lord Sea Dragon King also said that you should go to the treasure vault to choose a few more resources to use as a reward for the Dragon Palace banquet the day after tomorrow.”

“Huh?”

“At the Dragon Palace banquet, many overlords will take out some resources as a reward and let the juniors of Dragon Palace City compete and compete at the banquet. When the time comes, you and Lord Ice Dragon King will also attend the banquet as the core upper echelons of Dragon Palace City. I wonder if you plan to participate in the Dragon Palace banquet?”

“According to the Sea Dragon King, taking out some resources to greet the juniors of Dragon Palace City is also a good choice. It can provide resources.”

Shi Yu : “…”

Good lord, as the minister of the Environmental Protection Department, could he use the rewards to oversee those young overlords, young monarchs, and even Heavenly King Zou, Senior Bai, Yin Zhengfan, and the others??

Ah, this.

“Cough, there’s no need for that. Let me see. As a reward resource, I should have…”

Shi Yu felt that it was better not to trouble the Sea Dragon King about this kind of thing. Why don’t he use the Time Fruit to tempt those overlord cubs? Especially for dragons with slow growth, the Time Fruit, a time-element treasure that temporarily obtained a higher realm, should still be very valuable…