Chapter 288 - The Owl Broke Through

Chapter 288 The Owl Broke Through

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Green Sky Island.

Beside the river.

The little white dragon flew up slightly with a look of disbelief.

It looked at the Water Slime on the shore in confusion and then at Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong, and the other big shots who didn’t find it strange at all. It fell into deep thought.

For a moment, the little white dragon actually started to feel that this world was unreal.

Especially when it saw White Brook, Yu Shu, and the others silent and doubtful gazes, it wanted to cover its mouth and cry.

No, something was wrong. How could a Slime reach the monarch level? Commander level… No, even transcendent level was difficult, alright?

“Impossible!”

“How can a slime be so strong!”

“Try again. This time, it’s my turn to attack!”

The little white dragon’s defense was broken.

It didn’t look very smart.

“Because it’s not an ordinary slime, but a mutated slime…” Shi Yu explained in all seriousness.

No one wanted to hear this explanation!

No one would believe Shi Yu!

Yu Shu, Yin Zhengfan, and the others looked at Shi Yu and thought in all seriousness, feeling even more like complaining.

How exactly did he manage to contract some strange pets that were so strong!

At the start, the Iron-eating Beast, the Green Silkworm, the Ginseng Baby, and now the Water Slime, could he choose some pets with matching races and strength!

“Ning!! (You attack, then!)” At that moment, Susu looked at the white dragon without any fear.

Not to mention that its strength had been increased by the Time Fruit, even at the Awakening level, it was not afraid of experts at all.

At Qishui Island, if it weren’t for the Cleansing Water Sprite King stopping it, it would even dare to fight the monarch-level Sludge Dragon!

There was a reason why it died so many times and didn’t grow up.

“Let me try…” The White Azure Dragon still muttered in disbelief.

It was mainly because if it didn’t defeat Susu, it would lose all its face!

He had to win!

“Roar…” In an instant, the little white dragon’s aura rose steadily. The substantialized deterrence spread out. Under Shi Yu’s gaze, its energy level actually began to increase through special super skills.

Almost instantly, the little white dragon’s eyes filled with purple light.

Dragon Race Secret Art! Dragon God Possession!

However.

Just a few seconds after the little white dragon increased its strength to Susu, something came from the sky! “Idiot!!! Stop!!!”

With a shout, a mysterious object that looked like an extraterrestrial flying saucer flew over from the horizon, sweeping up strong water currents and hitting the little white dragon’s face with a bang.

“Uh…” The little white dragon’s eyes moved. Before its face turned, its face was instantly distorted by the impact. Its eyes popped out, and then its eyes rolled back. It was sent flying again, leaving the UFO spinning on the spot for a moment before suddenly stopping, turning into a majestic old turtle.

The tortoise prime minister glanced at the little white dragon that was sent flying by him and then at the unscathed Susu, immediately heaving a sigh of relief.

It looked at the innocent-looking Susu and the group of people with their mouths agape, making it even more incomprehensible. Then, it looked at Susu with a fawning expression.

“Lord, you’re not injured, right? This brat doesn’t know the height of the sky and the depth of the earth, it’s got no manners. I’ve already taught it a lesson for you. Don’t take it to heart, hahahaha,” the Turtle Minister rubbed its turtle hand and said to Susu.

“Holy shit.”

“It’s even harder for me to think.”

The Dragonman, the mechanical man, the blue-haired girl, and the others were all stunned.

White Brook, Yu Shu, Yin Zhengfan, and the others were stunned for a moment before looking surprisingly calm. Could they say that they were already used to this unconventional magical reality? “It’s alright… friendly spar… friendly spar… Prime Minister Turtle, what’s wrong?” Shi Yu looked at the Turtle Prime Minister and the little white dragon flying far away in shame.

The status of the Turtle Prime Minister was higher than he imagined. It actually dared to hit the Third Prince.

“Lord Shi Yu, I’ve brought the resources. Fast enough, right?” The Turtle Prime Minister took out a big box from his four dimensional tortoise shell.

“Ah, this, this.” Shi Yu’s eyes lit up. It was super fast.

It had not even been an hour.

Who said turtle speed was slow? This was clearly a flying saucer!

“Then let’s go.” Shi Yu immediately wanted to open the box with the Turtle Prime Minister.

“The resources are for you. The Sea Dragon King and the Azure Dragon King are looking for the Third Prince. I want to bring it over immediately…” The Turtle Prime Minister said dutifully.

“That works too…” Shi Yu nodded. He suddenly felt that the Third Prince’s trip was a little dangerous.

A moment later, the Turtle Minister pulled the white dragon with stars in its eyes and flew into the sky, leaving Yu Shu and the others looking at Shi Yu in silence.

“Yes.” Shi Yu waved his hand and put the resources back into the ruins space.

Then, he grinned at White Brook and the others and smiled. “It’s too troublesome to explain. Senior White, I still have something to do. You guys play first.”

With that said, under Shi Yu’s farewell, Buggy teleported and immediately sent them back to their residence.

“Teacher Ying…” White Brook looked at the gem cat, wanting to obtain some explanation from it.

The gem cat elegantly passed by them. It sensed White Brook’s messy gaze and said, “Don’t ask. If you ask, the water is too deep. Figure it out yourself!”

Then, it also left with an Instant Transmission.

Everyone : “…”

This further confirmed everyone’s guess that it was a deep-sea ferocious beast wearing the skin of a slime…

“I don’t understand!”

“It’s useless even if you don’t understand. The difference between people is sometimes greater than the difference between the White Azure Dragon and the Slime.”

At the residence.

With the joy of opening the box, Shi Yu opened the four resources sent by the Turtle Prime Minister.