Chapter 283 - Treasure Of Dragon Palace City (3)

Chapter 283 Treasure of Dragon Palace City (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

It was fine without a partner!

A moment later, Chi Tong and Susu removed their possession states.

Chi Tong returned to its sword spirit form, while Susu returned to its water slime form.

After recovering this time, the way Chi Tong looked at Susu changed.

So springy, so cold, so soft!

It suddenly liked this little slime that joined the team later.

“Ning!” At this moment, Susu was also very surprised by the change in its strength just now.

It felt that even if it defeated the Sludge Dragon that invaded Qishui Island, it wouldn’t be difficult!

It looked at Chi Tong, and its gaze changed.

Good sister!

“Ning!”

“Mi!”

A moment later, the two good sisters stuck together to exchange possession experience and combination skills.

Shi Yu, who had newly developed a dual battle strategy with extremely strong potential, was lamenting. As expected of himself. He had finally thrown out the hot potato Mu Huiyin’s armor, saving Little Chi Tong from thinking about letting him wear it every day.

As for Eleven, Buggy, and Baby Ginseng, they sighed at the side. Damn it.

A new generation replaced the old.

The classic Wuji Airlines, Yiji Oneshot, and Yiji Array Bombardment strategy were completely gone. It was completely different from the gorgeous tactics of these newbies.

“Lord Shi Yu.”

“Lord Shi Yu, are you there!!”

Just as Shi Yu and the others were accompanying Susu to test the new strategy and taking the opportunity to quickly integrate it into the team, in the outside world, Prime Minister Turtle came again.

“What’s wrong, Prime Minister Turtle?”

After throwing the pets to the ruins to mess around, he directly invited the walking Turtle Minister in.

Although this Turtle Minister was only at the monarch level and his will level was only extremely low, his energy level was terrifyingly high. It was a total of 9,960,000, making Shi Yu very confused.

This was already much higher than the fused Gao Xuan.

In other words, this seemingly frivolous prime minister was a super expert!

He now suspected how many years this turtle prime minister had lived.

If it had lived for hundreds of years, it might have eaten countless treasures in Dragon Palace City during this period.

Otherwise, this energy value would definitely be unscientific.

“Lord Shi Yu, I found a few treasures of high quality but low level that you mentioned from the treasure vault. Please take a look and see if there are any that Lord Blue Sea Sprite needs.”

“Apart from water-element resources, there are other types of resources on it. Take a look.”

The Turtle Minister handed over a book.

The portraits and information of the booklet were all just made with ink.

The meaning of high quality and low level was very easy to understand.

For example, the nutritional fruit created by the ginseng baby was limited by its growth level. After overdrafting its strength to create it with all its might, the energy level was only level 4. However, because its nutritional supplement skill had been maxed out, the quality of the nutritional fruit created was very high.

This was high quality and low level.

Similarly, the Dragon Ball that Buggy absorbed came from the Demigod-level Sea Serpent. At the start, it was a proper legendary-level resource, a level-nine resource. But because of the erosion of time, its energy flowed away and dried up, and the energy level decreased to level four. However, because it was the Dragon God’s Dragon Ball, the quality was definitely ridiculously high, not something other level-four resources could compare to. There was also the Mu Huiyin Armor gifted by Ice Dragon. They were both high quality and low-level examples.

Now, if Shi Yu wanted Susu’s race level to improve, apart from waiting for the Blue Sea inheritance, he could only find similar resources.

After all, the level of the resource was too high. It was limited by its growth level, and it couldn’t devour or digest it.

“Sorry to trouble you, Prime Minister Turtle.” Shi Yu took the booklet and looked at them one by one without holding back.

He didn’t dislike being invested in. In all of Dong Huang, which one of the five major financial groups didn’t pull in investments everywhere when it came to powerful and high potential people? In all of history, there wasn’t a single expert who had never accepted an investment. Now, he had to accept more investment. When he grew up in the future, he just had to double the amount. This was also the goal of all the investors. The current investment was for the greater return in the future.

Shi Yu was currently lacking resources. It would be a waste not to.

Making friends and investing everywhere was the fastest way to become stronger!

Of course, he accepted it so readily because Shi Yu knew that he had the ability to repay in the future. Others also knew that clearly, if he didn’t have the potential, he might not necessarily be able to obtain this investment.

Tears of Mermaids.

This was a gem-shaped resource. The gem cat would likely be overjoyed.

Blackwater Pearl.

It was about the same. The gem cat would be ecstatic.

Coral Spirit, million-year-old tortoise shell… Shi Yu looked down one after another and realized that Dragon Palace City was really rich. Perhaps, this might not necessarily be all the collections of Dragon Palace City, but only the personal collection of the Sea Dragon King. Was this the wealth of a totem-level dragon?

“Wu…”

A moment later, Shi Yu aimed at a resource that looked more suitable.

< Name > Dead Fire Sea

(Level): Level 5

< Introduction > When the surface of the lava rock erupted by the underwater volcano was quickly cooled by the seawater, under the interweaving of the extremely hot and extremely cold states, an elemental sprite of an overlord race was born. However, just as it was born, it immediately died because of the surrounding harsh environment. Only the elemental core was preserved.

Shi Yu : “…”

Damn, unlucky child.

Therefore, it was called the Dead Fire Sea?

After Shi Yu saw this, he immediately thought of the combination strategy that Susu and Chi Tong had just researched. Susu undoubtedly represented extreme coldness, and Chi Tong undoubtedly represented extreme heat. Their strength could perfectly display the effect of the Interlocking Sword.