Chapter 289 - The Owl Broke Through (1)

Chapter 289 The Owl Broke Through (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Tears of Mermaids!

Sea of Fire Sprite Core!

A million-year-old turtle shell!

Kirin Horn fossil!

In the end, Shi Yu chose the four resources that were more compatible.

It was mainly because it was too time-consuming for him to analyze other resources. It might not necessarily be compatible with Susu if he awakened new skills.

First, Tears of Mermaids.

Although it was called the Tears of the Mermaid, it wasn’t the Tears of the Mermaid.

It was the final crystal formed after a mermaid sacrificed herself.

It was said that mermaids were the beloved of the sea. When they shed tears in the most desperate moment, the sea and the sky would also cry, forming a weeping phenomenon. A sea in the sky would appear, causing a storm. At that time, after the mermaid sacrificed herself, she would turn into an ethereal water vapor and become a “fish that soared in the sky”, perfectly controlling the sky. The Mermaid’s Tears were the power crystals left behind at that time.

There was naturally no need to talk about the elemental core of the Sea Flame Sprite. Due to the birth of high temperature and extreme cold, Shi Yu wanted to bet on whether this could create a combination skill suitable for Susu and Chi Tong.

As for the million-year-old shell, it had actually been modified.

What modified it was the great-grandmother of all the Turtle Ministers in Dragon Palace City. It was a totem-level old turtle. It used a super skill to modify the shell into several protective shells and gave them to a junior. It once had the effect of protecting itself.

Including the Kirin Horn fossil.

These were all resources of ridiculously high levels and quality.

But as time passed, among these resources, the current highest-level Sea of Fire Sprite core was only level five.

The Mermaid’s Tear and the million-year-old turtle shell were only level three.

This was pretty good, just what Shi Yu wanted.

Compared to this, the other resources’ levels were still a little higher. Swallowing it was a waste of time to digest it, delaying the increase in points. Shi Yu planned to find more suitable resources after returning to Dong Huang. “Susu -“

Susu: (..’yo)

“Ning! (Here!)”

Seeing that Shi Yu had gathered new resources, Susu was very surprised.

It could devour stuff again.

It liked that it could become stronger through devouring “Yi!” “Wu!” “Mi!”

Seeing that Susu, who had the will of an overlord, didn’t mind reaping the benefits without sowing, Baby Ginseng, Buggy, and Chi Tong started to stare at Eleven. Look, this meant that adding points might not necessarily corrode the heart.

Who said that strength and willpower needed to be trained hard?

Eleven: …

Eleven turned around stubbornly and silently did push-ups… “Wuu!!!”

Soon.

Susu’s entire body turned into a black hole, directly swallowing the mermaid tear that Shi Yu had picked out like a transparent crystal.

After devouring it this time, Susu didn’t immediately evolve, unlike eating digestive food like the nutritional fruit to awaken new racial skills.

Because the quality of the devouring item was too high, it instantly felt sleepy.

(Devour successful, digestion…)

It looked reluctantly at the huge white turtle shell, the blue and red intertwined core of the Sea Flame Sprite that was like a pebble.

“Stop looking.”

“Devouring and sleeping are more compatible.” Shi Yu flipped his hand and gave Absolute Sleep for Susu to devour in peace.

“One by one. You can’t just gobble up hot stuff without taking your time!”

“Ning!!”

Susu was stunned.

It realized that it had suddenly learned a new skill. Just like the last time when it learned Infinite Devour, it immediately looked at Shi Yu in extreme joy and nodded hard.

“Sleep,” Shi Yu continued. “Ning…” A moment later, Susu was taken back into the Beast Taming Space in Shi Yu’s palm and fell asleep in peace. Susu’s sleeping posture made Eleven and the others reveal envious expressions.

Infinite Devour was a good skill!

Water was so good…

It could actually learn such a powerful skill.

It could evolve by devouring resources… There was no restriction on types, even living creatures…

They also wanted to become water-element creatures.

“Not only that… I originally thought that Chi Tong and fire-element was a perfect match…” Shi Yu said.” But from the looks of it… water-element is.”

Chi Tong: (*+_+*)~

Because…

Skill: Heavenly Frost Cold Energy

[Skill Level]: Super level

< Introduction > It’s a dual skill of ice and time. It’s a special ice-type power. After mastering it, you can transform your ice-type power into Heavenly Frost Cold Energy that can freeze time.

Not only could she learn the cheat skill Infinite Devour, but even the abnormal ice-type skill copied from Dragon Mother was suitable for teaching

Thinking about it carefully, it made sense. Now that Susu had mastered the control of the water element… Let alone the liquid state, now she could also freely transform fixed ice and gaseous water vapor. The ice and water elements were not separated in the first place. In addition, Susu had been reincarnated for hundreds of millions of years, so it was understandable that it had a high compatibility with the time element. Perhaps it used a time skill to reincarnate.

“Don’t worry, it’s good for Susu ~” Shi Yu chuckled and said to Chi Tong, “The Frost General that can freeze time is definitely a better target for you to possess… It’s a perfect match.”

“Mi ~” Chi Tong’s eyes lit up.

“Ah…” However, Shi Yu was suddenly very worried. This was because he really didn’t want to try the feeling of teaching super skills a second time. The feeling of his life being taken away and his vitality flowing kept giving him the illusion that he might be the first to learn the overlord’s will before Eleven and the others.

“In short, forget about Susu. Come and see the Kirin horn fossil…”

“Buggy, everything depends on you…”