Chapter 281 - Treasure Of Dragon Palace City

Chapter 281 Treasure of Dragon Palace City

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

In the secret realm of Dragon Palace City.

Green Sky Island.

This was an island used by Dragon Palace City to specially entertain human guests.

During the Dragon Palace banquet, Dong Huang’s visitors would stay in the buildings here.

For example, White Brook and the others were all here.

Not long after Shi Yu returned from the Rainbow Islands, he was quickly sent here to rest.

Moreover, the Immortal Dragon King, Doctor Shell, Doctor Coral, Doctor Water Lady, and the other wet nurses escorted him the whole time.

There was no other way.

Shi Yu was too weak.

No.

It was impossible to describe Shi Yu’s current situation.

Not long after Shi Yu finished asking for the life resources, among these sea beast healers, Doctor Shell, Doctor Coral, and Doctor Jellyfish, who could replenish life force… Condensed healing water to heal Shi Yu.

However.

Shi Yu’s body was like a bottomless pit. Although he had efficiently absorbed the healing water, he still looked half dead. It was very scary.

It stunned the three chiefs.

After all, they were overlord-level healers.

As for Shi Yu, he was only a master-level Beast Tamer.

They were even more shocked that Shi Yu

uld actually talk to them in such a serious situation!

How strong was his physical fitness?

It was a pity that the Immortal Dragon King only knew cleansing skills and didn’t know how to replenish life skills. Otherwise, it wanted to test Shi Yu’s limit.

In fact, Shi Yu still acknowledged the healing water skill of the three overlord healers.

The effect of their skills was much stronger than that of the ginseng baby.

At least, the cooldown period for Shi Yu’s super skills was almost reduced again.

This was something Baby Ginseng’s skill couldn’t do at the moment.

Shi Yu estimated that if Baby Ginseng wanted to surpass them, it had to at least reach the monarch level and train its source of life skill to nearly perfect level.

However, at this moment, although the cooldown time for teaching super skills had almost decreased, Shi Yu’s condition was still a little poor.

As the exhaustion this time was too serious, the protective mechanism of his body made it very difficult for him to instantly recover from this huge leap, since that would be dangerous. The closer to recovery, the worse the recovery skill effect. What Shi Yu needed now was the self adjustment process of his body.

After all, be it supplements or skills, or external forces, they couldn’t perfectly transform into the life force Shi Yu needed.

Although Shi Yu felt that he was alright… Since the Dragon Kings wanted him to rest, he decided to rest.

Due to the Poison Dragon incident, the Dragon Palace banquet was postponed for three days.

For the next two days, Shi Yu could rest however he wanted.

The medical team of the entire Dragon Palace City waited on Shi Yu at all times and listened to Shi Yu’s summon.

Shi Yu had also sent several bottles of life-type resources from level six to level eight. Apart from that, there was also the dragon blood of the body strengthening resource.

It could be said that even the little white dragon did not receive such treatment compared to Shi Yu.

“Eh.”

In the independent residence of Green Sky Island, Shi Yu looked at the one drop of level-eight Life Water on the table, ten drops of level-seven Life Water, a hundred level-six Life Water, and a bottle of level-seven Dragon Blood and fell into deep thought.

He felt that with these life resources, he didn’t have to worry about adding a few super skills.

At this moment, Shi Yu really wanted to stay in Dragon Palace City to level up.

After all, there were overlord-level nannies here. It was much better than a ginseng baby.

But soon, he shook his head. The National League was still the most important!

Number five had already joined the team, and number six, the mechanical pet, was still waiting for him!

Moreover, Dong Huang was definitely not at ease to leave him in Dragon Palace City for a long time. Compared to Dragon Palace City, Dong Huang definitely wanted to invest in the growth of the Blue Sea Sprite more.

If it was said that befriending Dragon Palace City only allowed the Beast Tamers of Dong Huang to travel freely in the sea area of the East Sea.

If they could befriend the complete Blue Sea Sprite, it meant that the entire sea could be traveled without any obstacles.

This was very important for the development of a country. Conquering the sea meant that it could freely carry out worldwide trade and make the country stronger.

“I feel that I’m already very strong now.”

At that moment, Shi Yu did not use these resources immediately. It was mainly because he felt that it was a waste to use them now that he had no use for them.

He clenched his fist and felt the physical strength after recovering this time. He sighed.

“Eleven!”

Shi Yu summoned Eleven and said, “Bean bears!”

Eleven: Wu Wu wu??

Was he going to hit them again?

“I’m just checking my current physical strength.”

“Wuu…”

A moment later, a commander-level Bean Bear was summoned by Eleven.

The confused and cute Bean Bear used the Hardening skill to equip its entire body.

Then.

A fist that swept the wind landed on it.

Click.

A moment later, the hardened armor on the bear collapsed. With a bang, the bear was sent flying by Shi Yu. Its body distorted and it turned back into a metal bean.

“Wu Wu Wu!!” Eleven had tears in its eyes and quickly picked up the poor Bean Bear.

After all, it was metal that fell from its body. It was nothing when it sacrificed itself, but it hurt to give Shi Yu a sandbag to test his strength.

“As for me now… My normal battle power should be equivalent to a relatively weak commander-level ferocious beast, right? Even if the other party uses a skill!” Shi Yu looked at his swollen fist and muttered to himself.

Great.

He set a small goal and strived to wreck the Bean Bear that used its full battle power as soon as possible.

After all, the stronger his normal battle power was, the stronger the template of Sword God Shi Yu after possessing Chi Tong. He would put aside how much attack power he could increase first. It was mainly to increase his resistance to attacks.