Chapter 291 - Hundred Transformations Stone

Chapter 291 Hundred Transformations Stone

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

[Devour success.]

[Digestion, analysis, transformation…)

[Evolution successful.]

[It has been converted into this substance and awakened the racial skill ‘Rain Prayer’.]

(Devour success.]

[Digestion, analysis, transformation…]

(Evolution successful.]

(Life level has been increased, awakened racial skill ‘Steam Explosion’.)

“Ah.”

A while later, Shi Yu’s surprised voice came from the ruins in Shi Yu’s residence.

Shi Yu looked at the awakened Water Slime and rubbed it hard with a look of disbelief.

“Huh???”

Susu tried to struggle.

Shi Yu said, “How should I put it? I keep feeling that it’s a loss. Why are there only two high-level skills?”

“This is… a failure?”

[Name]: Qi Yu

< Introduction > It’s a high-level water-type skill. It can summon rain clouds through prayer and rainstorm.

< Name > Steam Explosion

< Introduction > It’s a high-level water-type skill. It transforms water into high-temperature steam and compresses it into detonation.

They were all high-level water-element skills.

Although the former was the weather skill with the highest cost-effective ratio, and the latter was a very powerful water-element attack skill, it couldn’t change the fact that they were high-level skills.

After sleeping and digesting for a day, Susu had awakened two high-level racial skills. Shi Yu didn’t expect it.

After all, it had swallowed the last crystal left behind by a suspected totem-level mermaid after sacrificing itself.

Shi Yu originally thought that it would be some super skills like “Tears of Heaven” or “Sea of Sky” or “Holy Spirit Mermaid Summon”…

In the end, there were only two high-level skills that could be replicated and taught casually. Shi Yu cried.

Moreover, these skills could also be replaced by water element control.

“Ning?”

Susu looked at Shi Yu with watery eyes.

Wasn’t the rain prayer good?

Wasn’t the steam explosion good?

It felt that it had become much stronger after waking up.

“It’s not that it’s bad… Eh, I understand.”

A moment later, Shi Yu discovered the problem.

As everyone knew, the race level was determined jointly by various aspects such as “vitality”, “energy value”, “physical fitness”, “racial talent”, “racial skill”, and “attributes”.

Some pets only had one super skill, but because their physical fitness was off the charts, they could be considered a quasi overlord race.

Some pets only had two super skills, but because of the other attributes, it was possible for them to reach high-level overlord races.

Shi Yu observed Susu carefully again and realized that after it completed the Infinite Devour evolution, the main increase was not “racial skills”.

But in other aspects…

Firstly, Susu’s energy level was higher, reaching more than 50,000. Among monarch races, it was definitely the best. After all, its racial skill proficiency had never increased at all.

Secondly, Susu’s life force also seemed to have improved. The most direct performance of this quality was that it could increase the pet’s lifespan and recovery speed of its injuries.

Apart from that, Susu’s talent-type skill elementalization seemed to have been mastered better.

“Let’s take a look at elementalization,” Shi Yu said.

“Transform into gaseous water.”

“Ning…!” Under Shi Yu’s gaze, Susu instantly turned into a nearly invisible gas and turned into gaseous water. It was also as fast as turning into liquid water, as if this was the key to awakening the “steam explosion”.

Now, this should be Susu’s interface.

< Name > Mutated Water Slime

[Race Level]: High-level Monarch

“Then it looks like it’s not bad.”

Shi Yu nodded. Balance development was the most important. This was not a loss!

If Susu had a bunch of super skills and had a body as weak and as lacking in mana like Buggy… Shi Yu would also have a headache. It was pretty good now!

The reason why the dragons were powerful was because their bodies were strong. Even without using skills, they could rely on their super powerful physical attacks alone to smash a group of strong enemies. In addition, the bodies of the dragons had top-notch resistance to elements.

Now, not only could Infinite Devour increase the number of racial skills, but it could also strengthen Susu’s other shortcomings. It was very perfect.

“Ning—”

“Again, again, I’ll give you another one.”

“I’ll try to awaken a super skill this time.”

Soon, Susu, who had just woken up, was fed a turtle shell and a pile of common materials for absolute sleep by Shi Yu. It fell asleep again in a daze.

Shi Yu didn’t know what skill Susu could awaken this time, but he hoped that Infinite Devour could transform Absolute Sleep into Susu’s racial skill through the common materials used to teach Absolute Sleep.

At that time, the combination skill of Absolute Sleep and Infinite Devour could probably devour higher-level resources at the fastest speed.

“Ha…”

After checking on the changes in Susu, Shi Yu came out of the ruins with sleepy eyes and went for a casual walk.

He had been researching that Kirin horn fossil for the past two days, tiring him and Buggy out.

In the end, he still couldn’t figure out anything

It didn’t seem to be the same difficulty for entering a dream Mythical Creature fossil compared to ordinary ancient creature fossils.

Dragon Palace City had been collecting this thing for hundreds of millions of years. A bunch of Dragon Kings and Dragon Gods had yet to develop anything. Shi Yu didn’t know if he could get lucky.

However, unlike Dragon Palace City, he actually had a certain research advantage.

Because in modern times, humans had established the special dream stealing system of meditation and dream stealing.

This was a special dream entry ability that belonged to human Beast Tamers.

Only Beast Tamers could use it with pets that could steal dreams.

It was created by Emperor Shi and then developed abroad. It even gave birth to the special profession of dream stealing…

“One of the prerequisites of the Dream Transformation Stone is that Buggy’s proficiency must have already reached a transcendent level with the Dream Steal skill, but Buggy was already beyond that, so… It’s definitely not because of proficiency, but the strength level of growth that was affecting the performance of the skill.” “Apart from that, the second condition is that the Beast Tamer has to use the special meditation technique created by Emperor Shi to cooperate… And the Beast Tamer’s level determines the effect of meditation.”

“Therefore, if the Mythical fossil can also let me enter a dream, the reason why it can’t succeed might be because of the level of Buggy and me.”

II

11

“How annoying.”

Shi Yu walked on the street in frustration, wanting to find Senior White to chat about pets. If he really couldn’t find her then Xia Qingwei was good too, or that blue-haired girl. He could easily suffocate from studying alone. However, as he walked, Shi Yu’s gaze was still attracted by a man.

It was the mechanical man from Star Capital University. He seemed to have just returned from the outer island alone. He was riding a black mechanical steel eagle that was several meters tall, looking majestic.

Shi Yu focused.

< Name > Mechanical Wings of Heaven

[Attributes]: Machinery, Wind

(Race Level]: High-level Monarch

(Level of Growth]: Monarch Level

Energy Points: 1,900,000

< Introduction > It’s modified from the evolution of the Wings of Wind.

It looked pretty good. As a young man, the energy value of his mechanical pet was even higher than that of the dean of the Ancient Capital University’s Mechanical College. Of course, this was also related to the type.

Dean Hao’s Purple Electric Mecha needed to fuse with the Beast Tamer to display its strongest battle power. At that time, its battle power might even multiply. It was similar to Gao Xuan’s Ultimate Sacred Dragon Beast, but this mechanical man from Star Capital University… His mechanical pet was a biological modification faction and couldn’t fuse with the Beast Tamer.

“Hi,” Shi Yu greeted the guy in the sky.

Upon hearing that, Master Mechanic Fan Yu, who had graduated from Star Capital University, looked down at Shi Yu and silently let the mechanical beast land.

“Shi Yu?” After he descended, he looked at Shi Yu and couldn’t understand this junior. First, he had tricked the totem frost dragon into coming to Dragon Palace City, and then he contracted a strange super slime. Shi Yu’s experience was really rich.

Unlike him, who could only bring a bunch of technical reports everywhere to deceive the sea beasts into becoming his research partner, it was very bitter.

“Have you found any sea beasts willing to be modified?” Shi Yu chuckled.

“No…” Fan Yu shrugged.

“Do you have a target?”

“No…”

“Do you want to come and chat?”

“About what?” Fan Yu was stunned.

“Anything is fine. I’m quite interested in mechanical modification now.”

Fan Yu had a suspecting face.

Facing Shi Yu’s attempt to hit on him, he kept feeling that Shi Yu was up to no good.

“For example, do you know Gao Xuan?” Shi Yu asked.

Fan Yu’s expression changed. “I know him. Why mention him?”

“Isn’t he very powerful?”

Fan Yu said, “Of course he’s powerful… Among Mechanics under the age of 30, almost no one is stronger than him… Heh, after this National League ends, he might have a chance to rank in the top ten among Beast Tamers under the age of 30 in Dong Huang.” “You mean the mechanical reward for the National League?” Shi Yu asked. “You know too??” Fan Yu was stunned. He had only obtained this information because he had a member of the fourth bureau at home. “That’s true. The National League will be held in a month. The reward information should have been leaked by now.” Fan Yu nodded.

“What is it?” Shi Yu asked.

“??? Do you know about this event or not?”

Shi Yu chuckled and said, “I know it’s a mechanical material, but I don’t know the specific type. I heard it’s wind-element or ice-element?”

He had also heard it from Principal Feng last time. After hearing it, he didn’t pay much attention.

“Alright… The main reward is actually the wind-element Hundred Transformation Stone…”

Wind element!

Principal Feng and the others were right.

[Name]: Hundred Transformations Stone (Wind)

[Level]: Level 8

< Introduction > The Stone of thousand Transformations has memory function, top-notch mechanical materials, easy awakening, easy combination, easy modification.

The moment Fan Yu finished speaking, Shi Yu quickly investigated the information about the Hundred Transformation Stone through the index.

Then, the index popped up a pile of reference materials and a pile of reference videos for him.

Shi Yu opened a battle video.

In the video in front of him, a woman wearing a mecha battle suit with short black hair appeared. Then, she started to summon her pet. A cube prop that looked like a “Rubik’s Cube” appeared in her hand. As she threw it, the black Rubik’s Cube immediately divided into even smaller black cubes that filled the sky and combined in the sky.

In the blink of an eye, countless black Rubik’s Cube formed a super humanoid body filled with a black rock texture and huge rock wings.

[Hundred Transformations Stone (Dark), the main material to form the overlord-level body of the Black Wing Demon God.]

[Pilot: Xiao Shuang]

After closing the video, Shi Yu opened some other videos and realized that this Hundred Transformations Stone was indeed the best mechanical material.

With this as the main ingredient, it seemed that it could modify multiple mechanical forms at the smallest cost. It could allow mechanical pets to switch freely between various mechanical forms, greatly reducing the difficulty of modification for Mechanics. The machinery that was still a huge mecha just now could instantly become a battleship, a heavy mecha, and a sniper cannon with a Mechanic’s thought!

“Hey, hey.” At this moment, Fan Yu saw that Shi Yu was suddenly distracted and couldn’t help but shout.

“What are you thinking about?”

“Do you know what the Hundred Transformations Stone is?” he asked.

Shi Yu reacted and looked at him. “I know, and I want it…”

He felt that if he developed the Wind Kirin Phantom one day, it would be very compatible with it… Even if he couldn’t develop a magical beast, throwing a white Rubik’s Cube casually could turn it into a battleship and a Gundam. It was also quite handsome. At that time, he would let Chi Tong and Susu possess it. It was enough that he had a Gundam. This was the romance of men.

Fan Yu: “?”