Chapter 290 - The Owl Broke Through (2)

Chapter 290 The Owl Broke Through (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

An hour later.

Shi Yu and Buggy looked at the motionless white Kirin horn fossil with bloodshot eyes. Their patience was gradually worn out…

At the same time, everyone in Dragon Palace City was taking action.

Dragon Palace City, Sea Dragon King Mystic Realm.

The little white dragon was being beaten by the Sea Dragon King and the Azure Dragon King.

It let out a painful howl.

“Wuu, wuu, wuu, wuu!!”

Beside him, the Turtle Prime Minister, who had watched for a long time, wiped its sweat. It felt like it had betrayed the prince.

“This is the North Wind Crystal.”

After beating up the disobedient little white dragon, the Azure Dragon King gave the little white dragon an extremely rare resource.

“It can let you master the power of wind purification. If you still want to be a Third Prince, go to the Dragon Palace banquet the day after tomorrow and join the Environmental Protection Department of Dragon Palace City.” “Before that, apologize to Lord Blue Sea Sprite!”

“I know!!!” The Third Prince’s eyes were filled with tears.

Howl! Why did a Slime become a Blue Sea Sprite Reincarnation!

Shi Yu tricked it!

However, from a different perspective, Shi Yu was so awesome!

Instantly, the Third Prince worshiped Shi Yu even more. After laying the path for the Third Crown Prince, the Sea Dragon King and the Azure Dragon King were tired. Since the little white dragon was unwilling to follow a Beast Tamer, following the Blue Sea Sprite was not a bad choice.

In any case, the Blue Sea Sprite probably wouldn’t be able to follow Shi Yu for long. At that time, the sea would be the true home of the Blue Sea Sprite.

After befriending the Blue Sea Sprite, perhaps the little white dragon in the future would also have a chance to compete for the position of the Dragon God with the heirs of other Dragon Kings?

“I’ll give you another mission. After the Dragon Palace banquet, follow your Uncle Hei Ge to help recover the Rainbow Islands and integrate that place into the Dragon Palace City.”

“I understand…” The Third Prince held its sore buttocks and felt like he had nothing to live for.

After kicking the Third Prince and the Turtle Prime Minister out, the Sea Dragon King and the Azure Dragon King started chatting.

“Has Lord Dragon God awakened?”

“I’ve already called, but there are no signs of awakening.” “Sigh, then let’s carry out the Dragon Palace banquet according to our previous preparations,” said the Sea Dragon King. “Alright. Right, did that little guy only take four resources?” the Azure Dragon King suddenly asked.

“Yeah,” the Sea Dragon King said. “Why is he only taking so little?”

“I clearly told Prime Minister Turtle to ask him to take more.”

“This is also convenient for him to recruit new people at the Dragon Palace banquet.”

At this moment, in the Sea Dragon King’s eyes, the nature of the Dragon Palace banquet had changed.

Human geniuses and overlord heirs meeting?

The exhibition of his heirs? Pleasing, binding the Blue Sea Sprite, the recruitment meeting of the Environmental Protection Department of Dragon Palace City… That was the focus now!

The Sea Dragon King’s idea was to provide Shi Yu with resources and let Shi Yu use these resources as a temptation to recruit new members for the Ministry of Environment and expand the influence of the Ministry of Environment.

However, Shi Yu directly rejected it… At that time, without the resource reward, they couldn’t use just the name of the Blue Sea Sprite to recruit new people, right? Before the Dragon God woke up, they didn’t dare to casually spread the news that the Blue Sea Sprite had appeared in Dragon Palace City. After all, the Blue Sea Sprite had many enemies.

Countless years ago, the sea in the west was called the Abyss Sea. The sea was dark and bloody, and all the sea beasts were infected and turned into monsters.

Although it was later purified by the Blue Sea Sprite and the sea returned to calm, the power of the Abyss Sea had never been severed. After all, it was a heritage from the Mythical Era just like Dragon Palace City. “Forget it, let them be. Let’s see the situation when the time comes. If Shi Yu and the others can’t produce a decent reward, it won’t be too late for us to provide it,” the Sea Dragon King said.

At this moment, the various factions in Dragon Palace City were waiting for the Dragon Palace banquet the day after tomorrow.

Ice Dragon had already moved the Ice Dragon Ruins into Dragon Palace City and was slowly renovating its new home.

Its good friend, the gem cat, gave Ice Dragon advice while eating and drinking. It was envious of Ice Dragon’s totem level life. When could it have totem power? At that time, it could upgrade from the guardian of Ancient Capital University to the guardian of Dong Huang! The treatment would be super doubled!

On the other side, the Tyrannical Sea Legend was quietly guarding Heaven Green Island, protecting Shi Yu and the Blue Sea Sprite. Everything seemed calm, but at this moment, a huge commotion had already been raised on land. Dong Huang, Imperial Capital, Imperial Capital University.

“Ahhhhh!!!”

“Wu Wu Wu Wu Wu Wu Wu!!!”

“Awesome.”

“You called me over just to see this?” Principal Feng of Ancient Capital University looked at the crazy Prediction Owl with a stunned expression.

“No…” President Ye and the principal of Imperial Capital University were extremely silent.

“It’s that Senior Owl… broke through.”

“Its Future Prediction skill proficiency has reached perfection.”

Principal Feng: “Then… what big event did you predict correctly?!!”

The proficiency of Future Prediction could only be increased with the correct Future Prediction. It was very difficult. Although it relied on resources to break through to the overlord level, the super skill proficiency of the Prediction Owl had been stuck for a long time. This time… it finally broke through?

Principal Feng looked at the owl in surprise.

“Wait, you called me over for this kind of thing… It means…”

“This time, Senior Owl said… that the correct prophecy event is related to Shi Yu,” President Ye said.

“Huh?” Principal Feng frowned and suddenly had a bad feeling. He said, “It… predicted something?”

President Ye was incomparably silent. “I predicted what kind of pet Shi Yu would contract if he went to Dragon Palace City. This… it happened. The corresponding prophecy fulfillment gave Senior Owl’s ability proficiency.”

“The contents of the prophecy are… Shi Yu will contract… a water-element totem when he goes to Dragon Palace City this time!”

Principal Feng: ????

“???”

“Huh???”

It widened its eyes and looked at the old principal and President Ye of Imperial Capital University, Hu Fei, dancing. Was it sure this was a prophecy, not a rumor or a lie?

It happened? Was it kidding? How could a master contract a totem!

The two of them also shook their heads in confusion and could only look at the owl.

The prophecy owl widened its big eyes and said, “I’m just an owl. I don’t know how to explain it to you. In any case, the skill proficiency has increased, so I should have hit the jackpot… This is the most ridiculous thing I’ve predicted in the past hundred years. It’s off the charts!!”

“It’s not a totem heir, it’s a totem!”

“From today onwards, I’m also a proper overlord. Hahaha, hahahaha, hahahaha!! As expected of me. I am the light of this world! Who dared to say my predictions were unreliable!”