Chapter 299 - Shocking Dragon Palace City (1)

Chapter 299 Shocking Dragon Palace City (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

With that said, it nodded and said to the Sakura Heart Fish.

A moment later, the Sakura Heart Fish swam to Shi Yu nervously.

At this moment, countless sea beasts were puzzled. Why did Shi Yu suddenly call a Cherry Heart Fish over?

This Cherry Heart Fish should be a relatively ordinary member of Mermaid Island. After all, if it was a mermaid royal, it would be born in a mermaid state.

Only the commoners of the mermaid race would be born in other races, such as the Cherry Heart Fish.

However, since it could accompany the Mermaid Queen to such a place, it meant that this Sakura Heart Fish’s talent was pretty good.

Perhaps it could evolve into a mermaid in the future.

This involved an evolution-type skill of the Sakura Heart Fish. However, this evolution-type skill was definitely not easy to train. Some Sakura Heart Fish exceeded the racial limit and reached the monarch level, but they might not necessarily be able to train their evolution skills to the level where they could evolve.

“Hello.”

After the cherry Heart Fish came over, Shi Yu smiled. It was very simple why he chose this cherry Heart Fish. It was because under his gaze, he realized that this small and low-level cherry Heart Fish’s willpower was actually very good. It had reached the middle stage, comparable to Eleven.

After all, the will stage of the little white dragon and the other overlord heirs was only extremely low.

It was obvious how determined its heart was under its soft and beautiful appearance.

A high-level overlord’s will could assist in breaking through to the overlord level. It had a medium-level will, so it was completely fine to say that it had the potential of a monarch. It would definitely evolve into a mermaid in the future.

“Fufu… (Lord Shi Yu)” Yin Xinyu greeted.

“Prime Minister Turtle, can you help me?”

After the Sakura Heart Fish came up, Shi Yu called for the Turtle Prime Minister below.

Words were useless. He wanted to use experiments to show the power of the Time Fruit to the sea beasts in Dragon Palace City.

Only by showing them the true effect of the Time Fruit could they join the Ministry of Environmental Protection wholeheartedly!

Now that there were experimental subjects in the growth stage, Shi Yu called the old Turtle Prime Minister.

“Me??”

Below, the standing Turtle Prime Minister was stunned.

It was indeed very old. Ordinary Longevity Turtles had white stripes on their bodies, but the stripes on its body had already turned black. Its originally white abdomen was already a little yellow. Apart from that, its brown tortoise shell also had countless years’ marks, let alone its wrinkled and old face.

wn

Of course, with the race of the Ten Thousand Year Tortoise, even if it looked old, it could still live for a long time.

“Alright!” The Turtle Minister flew up in confusion and stood beside Shi Yu with the Sakura Heart Fish.

“This fruit is the resource I prepared for the core members of the Environmental Protection Department. Its effect might be more intuitive for everyone to see with their own eyes.” With that said, Shi Yu took out another time fruit and handed the two fruits to the Sakura Heart Fish and the Turtle Minister.

“Fufu!”

“Ah.”

When the Sakura Heart Fish and the Turtle Prime Minister saw that Shi Yu meant for them to eat this mysterious fruit, they were immediately shocked.

The Turtle Minister was still alright, but the Sakura Heart Fish’s entire body instantly burned. It didn’t understand why it could directly obtain the reward that only core members of the Environmental Protection Department could obtain?? “No problem.” Shi Yu handed it over.

Soon, as the Time Fruit was handed to Prime Minister Turtle and the Sakura Heart Fish, a new round of discussion immediately arose.

“Let the Turtle Prime Minister and that Cherry Heart Fish eat it?”

“What exactly is the effect of this fruit? Why does he have to experiment with the Turtle Prime Minister and a cherry heart fish…”

The sea beasts discussed.

Click.

At the same time, the Turtle Minister and the Cherry Heart Fish also ate the Time Fruit according to Shi Yu’s request.

Each of these Time Fruits was created by the ginseng baby that exceeded its limit. The limit of a day was one fruit, so the effect was very good. It could even take effect on monarchs.

It might not be accurate to describe it with the Time Fruit, because it was a combination skill of max-level Nutrition and max-level Time Fruit.

Shi Yu named it: Miracle Fruit.

Because in a sense, this fruit could indeed bring about a miracle…

“What’s this?” In the human area, Heavenly King Zou was still at a loss.

At the moment, all the audience’s moods were also different. Some had already made some guesses, while others were still in a daze.

“In any case, it’s a very exaggerated thing…” White Brook said beside him.” For example, it can instantly make Little Fan beside us become filled with philosophy.”

Yin Zhengfan: “?”

As soon as she finished speaking, Legend Sea Tyrant narrowed his eyes.

The Sea Dragon King also focused all his attention.

At this moment…

It had been a while since the Turtle Prime Minister and the Sakura Heart Fish had eaten the Miracle Fruit.

Under everyone’s gaze, they didn’t change much, but as time passed, something unexpected happened.

After eating the Miracle Fruit, the Turtle Prime Minister and the Cherry Heart Fish widened their eyes almost instantly. They sensed a magical power awakening the hidden potential in their bodies!!

“This…”

“Fufu ~ ~”

As the Turtle Prime Minister and the Cherry Heart Fish exclaimed in surprise, dazzling power of time instantly spread from their bodies, turning into a dazzling star!! At that moment, as time waves emitted from their bodies, their auras began to increase steadily. The sea beasts observing immediately perked up.

In the next moment.

The Sakura Heart Fish was the first to change.

The power of time on its body instantly transformed into the power of evolution.