Chapter 294 - Dragon Palace Banquet Begins (2)

Chapter 294 Dragon Palace Banquet Begins (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

As for the others, they might still be waiting for an opportunity to find their favorite pet on the largest stage, the Dragon Palace Banquet.

“Brother Sponge, how have you been?”

“Ah, isn’t this Brother Octopus?”

“Ah, the overlord sea star is here too.”

At the same time, in the core area of the Dragon Palace Banquet, the sea overlords who had better relationships were also chatting with each other.

The huge yellow sponge overlord and the gloomy-looking octopus overlord greeted each other politely. Not far from them, a pink and strong sea star also joined the group with a smile.

Elsewhere.

The pregnant mermaid queen received greetings and concerns from various races and asked most questions about whether she should arrange a baby marriage for the little mermaid in her stomach.

Sky Penetrating Whale General and Sea Yaksha General, were with many overlords and drank and chatted happily. As for the overlord heirs, such as the Sponge Baby, the Octopus Brother, the silly Sea Star, the Tiger Whale Sister, and the Demon Sister, they continued to size up and observe the young geniuses in the human area.

Their elders had also instructed that if they encountered a suitable young Beast Tamer, they could follow, but the human had to be outstanding. The most basic requirement was to be able to show off at the Dragon Palace banquet.

At this Dragon Palace banquet, the lowest threshold to participate was also the level of a monarch. Only the monarch-level factions in the Dragon Palace City’s sphere of influence were qualified to participate. At the moment, apart from the Sea Dragon King at the core, the overlord factions in the inner circle, the monarch factions in the outermost circle… There were no lower-level factions.

However, it was impossible to fill an island with monarch-level sea beasts and overlord-level sea beasts alone. At the moment, there were more overlord-level big shots, the family members of monarch-level sea beasts, and their followers on Dragon Banquet Island. They were here to join in the fun.

Beside the Sea Dragon King, the Turtle Minister slowly floated up. When it flew to the height where all the sea beasts could see it, it looked around.

“Cough, cough, cough.”

The old turtle coughed dryly. Its voice was extremely penetrating, immediately attracting the attention of all creatures.

Countless sea beasts immediately looked at the Turtle Minister.

It was said that the Turtle Minister Race… could be traced back to the early stages of the establishment of the Dragon Palace.

As the saying went, the iron-willed Turtle Prime Minister, the Dragon God of the flowing water.

For hundreds of millions of years, the races of the Dragon God and the Dragon King had changed countless times, but the Turtle Prime Minister Race had always relied on its monarch race to survive until now.

For countless years, it wasn’t like the Turtle Minister Race had never produced an expert. Every once in a while, it wasn’t surprising for them to produce a totem. After all, among all the known races, the Turtle Minister’s race, the “Longevity Turtle”, was the race with the longest lifespan among the known races at the same level of growth. Even some overlords, totems, elemental life forms, and undead life forms couldn’t compare to the Longevity Turtle of the monarch race in terms of lifespan.

Now, every dragon king in Dragon Palace City had a tortoise prime minister assisting them. If nothing went wrong, after the Ice Dragon King joined Dragon Palace City, the Longevity Turtle Race would also send a tortoise to help the Ice Dragon manage trifles.

At the moment, following the Sea Dragon King, the Turtle Minister, was the one who had been assisting the Sea Dragon King ever since it joined Dragon Palace City. Its status was very high, not inferior to some overlord-level sea beasts.

“On behalf of the Sea Dragon King, I welcome everyone to participate in the Dragon Palace banquet.” It sent a telepathic message.

“I’m really sorry for making everyone wait three more days because of an accident.”

“Roar!! (It’s alright, we still have to thank the Sea Dragon King for entertaining us for three more days. Hahahaha)” Below, many sea beasts roared.

“Yes ~” In the human area, the gem cat also nodded. How good would it be if it was delayed for another month… Forget it, losing weight was important.

“At the moment, there might be a portion of guests who don’t know why the Dragon Palace banquet is delayed. Before the Dragon Palace banquet starts, I’ll explain to everyone and announce a piece of news,” the Turtle Prime Minister continued.

The sea beasts looked at the prime minister curiously.

After most sea beasts arrived at Dragon Palace City, they would eat, drink, and play around. They really didn’t know what had happened. In addition, Dragon Palace City didn’t specially promote it, so only a small number of people knew about the situation.

The Turtle Minister said heavily, “A few days before the Dragon Palace banquet, several forces of the Dragon Palace who came to participate in the Dragon Palace banquet were attacked on the way. The attacker was a mutated Poison Dragon Totem. This is the main reason why the Dragon Palace banquet was forced to be delayed!”

Whoosh!

After Prime Minister Turtle finished speaking, the crowd immediately went into an uproar.

Totem?

Poison Dragon Totem?

In the human area, Yu Shu and the others also cursed.

“Are there any sea beasts who dare to attack the Dragon Palace?”

“Poison Dragon Totem? What’s going on?”

Many sea beasts were shocked.

“In order to resist this Poison Dragon Totem, General Luosha was heavily injured, and many soldiers of the Dragon Palace were also heavily injured. If not for the timely return of Lord Immortal Dragon King, along with the full support of Doctor Holy Shell, Doctor Jellyfish, and Doctor Coral, the consequences would have been unimaginable.”

“Of course, in order to let everyone successfully carry out the Dragon Palace banquet, after the Sea Dragon King received the news, he personally took action to suppress the Poison Dragon Totem. With the help of Lord Azure Dragon King and Lord Ice Dragon King, the suppression operation went very smoothly.”

“Thank you, Sea Dragon King!”

“Thank you, Sea Dragon King.”

Many sea beasts that had been injured by the Poison Dragon Totem and had been healed were thanking the Sea Dragon King again at the banquet.