Chapter 297 - 7 Invincible Environmental Badge

Chapter 297 Invincible Environmental Badge

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

After Prime Minister Turtle introduced Ice Dragon and Shi Yu, the various overlords and monarchs were a little silent.

This was really explosive news…

They didn’t know what changes the addition of Ice Dragon and Shi Yu would bring to Dragon Palace City.

“Then, the Dragon Palace banquet will begin now.”

“I hope everyone can spend a happy time at this banquet ~”

The Turtle Minister said in mid-air, “Next, the banquet will be freely carried out by everyone

211

With that, the Turtle Prime Minister landed.

The entire Dragon Yan Island became noisy again.

The segment of the Dragon Palace banquet was very simple.

Many sea beast overlords and sea beast monarchs could do anything they wanted, such as showing off their children to each other.

Apart from eating, drinking, and chatting with each other, the most lively project should be to show off their descendants.

Usually, in this segment, the corresponding ocean overlord elders would take out a rare resource as a gimmick.

For example, whoever defeated its child could obtain the resources.

Of course, there was even a situation of spouse finding in the Dragon Palace banquet, and it was even a large-scale marriage venue.

Apart from that, some small factions could also offer treasures to the Sea Dragon King or a certain overlord faction.

As long as it was within the imagination, they were allowed to do it at the Dragon Palace banquet. The Sea Dragon King also wouldn’t interfere and only silently supervised from above.

With the Sea Dragon King watching, no matter how many sea beasts there were, the Dragon Palace banquet could maintain order.

For countless years, everyone had already formed a tacit rule.

“No matter what, you have to obtain the holy bead bestowed by the Holy Healing Immortal Shell, do you hear me!”

Somewhere, a shell-type monarch said to a child who had surpassed him.

“But I don’t want to learn medicine! Learning medicine won’t revive Dragon Palace City!” The White Star Shell, who had just stepped into the monarch domain and had an extraordinary aura, said.

“Do you listen to you or me?!”

At every Dragon Palace banquet, Doctor Shell would give a fixed holy bead to the sea beasts to compete. This holy bead could allow a certain transcendent healing skill of the shell-type Biology Association to be learned. After learning it, one could also join Doctor Shell’s medical team and receive its teaching. It was a resource that many shell races coveted.

“I heard that the Mermaid Queen has the intention to betroth the mermaid princess in her stomach.”

“Whether you can pass the test and find a rich woman to bring honor to your ancestors depends on you!” A group of ugly and ferocious monarch sea beasts said to their babies.

“We have to compete for the Purple Crystal Origin Water.”

“You have to obtain quasi-mythical dragon blood and strengthen our bloodline.”

After so long, the resources that any overlord faction took out were already very fixed. Many sea beasts specially came for the rewards of a certain faction, and it was fine even if they joined them.

Of course, this was for those monarch powers. For these overlord powers, the most important thing was definitely to display the power of their own factions and display the outstanding talents of the younger generation.

However, this time, none of the overlord powers took the lead to stand out.

There was no other reason. This time, after the Ice Dragon King became the greatest guest of this banquet, they definitely had to see if the Ice Dragon King had anything to say. Everyone looked over and saw Shi Yu floating slowly on the ice dragon. Soon, he floated in the air and replaced the position of the Turtle Prime Minister, becoming the focus of many sea beasts.

“This time, let me start.”

Shi Yu welcomed the tens of thousands of gazes and said without any fear.

Since he was recruiting new students, he naturally had to be early. Otherwise, all the outstanding talents should have been snatched away.

“The initial construction of the Dragon Palace Environmental Protection Department. At the moment, apart from me, a lone commander, there’s still a lack of capable, determined, and responsible members.”

“I want to use this occasion to recruit some members for the Environmental Protection Department.”

As Shi Yu finished speaking, the crowd was in an uproar.

In fact, up until now, many sea overlords were still confused about this Environmental Protection Department. Now, they wanted to see what Shi Yu said.

However, Shi Yu didn’t seem to have the intention of introducing the Marine Environmental Protection Department in detail.

Instead, he directly said, “The Sea Environmental Protection Department isn’t as complicated as everyone thinks. The core is to cleanse the ocean and maintain its original color. It’s mainly targeted at monsters that release radiation toxins and pollute the ocean like the Poison Dragon Totem.”

“Therefore, the recruitment conditions of the Marine Environmental Protection Department hope that you have the cleansing ability. If not, it’s alright. If you have enough battle potential, you can also join the Marine Environmental Protection Department. The department will even tailor a cleansing ability for you.”

Countless sea beasts looked at Shi Yu. At this moment, they weren’t concerned about this, but about the benefits of the Environmental Protection Department.

Even the most basic ocean army in Dragon Palace City had a clear promotion channel. The battle merits reward could allow them to see a beautiful future. If the Environmental Protection Department didn’t have enough benefits, it would probably be difficult to attract some sea beasts to join.

Although Shi Yu’s appearance was very mysterious and might have a big secret, not many sea beasts were willing to take a gamble against a baffling organization. “Shi Yu is serious…” Heavenly King Zou and the others looked at each other.

Good heavens, the Dragon Palace banquet was openly forming cliques.

“Of course, there are also certain benefits to joining the Marine Environmental Protection Department.”

“For example, every member of the Environmental Protection Department can obtain an Environmental Protection Badge. This badge is a symbol of their identity as a member of the Environmental Protection Department.” With that said, Shi Yu took out a blue circular badge that looked like a flattened slime.

As Shi Yu took out the badge, many sea beasts were stunned.

However, before they could be puzzled for too long, Shi Yu immediately explained,

“Everyone, you might be curious about what use this badge has other than representing the identity of a member of the Ministry of Environment.”

“Next, I’ll show you.”

Shi Yu gently pressed the badge. In the next moment, shocking cold air spewed out.

“Roar!!!!”

A terrifying dragon roar instantly sounded, causing many sea beasts to be momentarily stunned. Even the overlord sea beasts were no exception. After being in a daze for a moment, they were directly stunned by the dragon might and were suppressed by the bloodline.

At the same time, snow condensed, and a terrifying ice dragon phantom was born beside Shi Yu.

This Ice Dragon Phantom was huge, its body seemed to be made of ice rocks. The color was ice-blue and dark purple, representing extreme cold.

It was surprisingly identical to the Ice Dragon King beside him. Apart from its size, there was almost no difference!

Many sea beasts looked at the smaller Ice Dragon Phantom and the Frost Dragon totem lying in the dragon nest. After comparing them, they opened their mouths slightly.

“This badge is wrapped in Lord Ice Dragon King’s dragon might. Most importantly, through this badge, the user can summon Senior Ice Dragon’s phantom three times through it. Lord Ice Dragon King’s phantom also grasps a super time skill, Heavenly Frost Cold Energy.”

“This skill came from Emperor Shi.”

“Whether you want to use the badge to come into contact with learning time skills, or to use the badge to protect yourself and deter the enemy, or to feel the deterrence of Lord Ice Dragon King at a close distance, you can do it with this badge.”

Shi Yu narrowed his eyes and said, “I forgot to say. Senior Ice Dragon relied on the Heavenly Frost Cold Energy skill that can freeze time to have a lifespan that exceeds its own race.”

“If you’re on the verge of serious injuries or encounter any special circumstances, you can summon the Ice Dragon Phantom and use the Heavenly Frost Cold Energy to freeze and seal your injuries. At this moment, time would almost stop. You have plenty of time to wait for treatment.’

“The Poison Dragon Totem and the sea area contaminated by it were frozen by Lord Ice Dragon King with this skill.”

“In addition, the user can also freeze themselves with the environmental badge and enter an ice sleep state. In this state, your life activity will be completely frozen, and the time on your body will stop. Even if ten years have passed in the outside world, when you wake up again, you will still look the same.”

“To a certain extent, it’s a tool that can indirectly extend one’s lifespan.”

“From now on, every member who joins the Ministry of Environment will receive such a badge.”

When Shi Yu finished speaking, countless water-element sea beasts were shocked.

Holy shit, a badge that could summon the Lord Ice Dragon King’s phantom three times?

It even had a super time skill, Heavenly Frost Cold Energy?

What kind of equipment was this? It could even preserve a time-element super skill!

How exactly did he do it?

“Tch.” Ice Dragon curled its lips on the dragon nest. This kid, Shi Yu, let that worm run into its dream for a long time when it was sleeping. After coming out, that worm could even simulate the Heavenly Frost Cold Energy. This was ridiculous.

Although it only had an entry-level effect and its power had been super castrated, it was still Heavenly Frost Cold Energy after all. It was tailor-made for it by Emperor Shi!

That butterfly’s dream stealing skill was so abnormal. Even Ice Dragon couldn’t help but think.

At this moment, under the cooperation of Shi Yu and the Ice Dragon, the Environmental Protection Department badge with the Ice Dragon Phantom as a guardian spirit wrapped in the deterrence of a totem-level Ice Dragon was the most basic equipment for the members of the Environmental Protection Department.

This equipment’s value could be high or low. From the level and time limit, its shelf life wasn’t long. It was mass-produced, but from the power contained inside, it was extraordinary. At this moment, even some overlord-level sea beasts were very envious.

After all, ice and water were not separated. As long as it was a water-element creature, it could basically learn ice-element skills. In the face of a skill like the Heavenly Frost Cold Energy, who didn’t want to give it a try? Although there was a high chance of learning it, every living being had the mentality of a gambler.

Most importantly, it was too easy to obtain such an emblem just by joining the Environmental Protection Department.

Some overlords even wanted to register in the Ministry of Environment and take it back to study.

Just imagine, if they encountered any special circumstances, such as an incurable injury or a poison that couldn’t be cleansed, they could completely rely on the environmental protection badge to protect their life and wait for the cure and the cleansing method to appear. During the Wu Emperor Dynasty, if Emperor Wu could contract a totem that mastered the power of time, he might be able to extend his life for a long time.

This was the power of the Heavenly Frost Cold Energy. All processes on life forms could be stopped by time.

This was the power of Buggy’s skill in Dao proficiency Dream Steal. As long as it was given enough time, it could even simulate the other party’s super racial skill!

The value of equipment forged with rare super skills was naturally needless to say. Most importantly, it was unique, and it was very difficult to replicate.

“This…”

“I want it!!”

In the human area, Yu Shu was also extremely envious, his eyes filled with blood vessels.

Damn it, he had long been hungry for Shi Yu’s ability to summon the Ice Dragon Phantom.

Now, Shi Yu could actually create illusions and give them away? Was it that ridiculous?

“Can this resist aging?” The blue-haired girl was also envious.

“Probably…” Xia Qingwei was silent.

White Brook curled her lips. Wasn’t it amazing enough to use the Time Fruit to become a loli? Shi Yu still had something better!

She didn’t know if Shi Yu would take it out later. In her opinion, that was much more useful than the Heavenly Frost Cold Energy.

Seeing this badge, the Tyrannical Sea Legend also narrowed its eyes and nodded. The value of the Heavenly Frost Cold Energy was not inferior to his Giant Leviathan’s Infinite Devour. They were both top super skills. Using this equipment as a temptation was indeed enough. “Roar…”

“Roar—”

This equipment was expensive because it was rare. It involved the protection of the Ice Dragon King’s dragon might and the dual-element Heavenly Frost Cold Energy.

Many sea beasts became restless. If they were given this just by joining the Environmental Protection Department, then joining didn’t seem to be a loss.