Chapter 295 - Dragon Palace Banquet Begins (3)

Chapter 295 Dragon Palace Banquet Begins (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“There’s no need to thank me. This is what I should do,” the Sea Dragon King said slowly as he circled the dragon nest.

“If you want to thank someone, thank the Immortal Dragon King, the Azure Dragon King, and the Ice Dragon King.” “Thank you…” Below, another wave of thanks erupted. Regardless of whether it was those who had never experienced the Poison Dragon incident, they all thanked him. In any case, gratitude didn’t cost money. It was always right to thank him more. However, suddenly, these sea beasts realized that something was wrong.

Eh?

They knew the Immortal Dragon King, one of the eight totems of the Dragon Palace.

They also knew the Azure Dragon King. One of the eight totems of the Dragon Palace who was even the wife of the Sea Dragon King.

However, what was this Ice Dragon King?

Many overlord and sea beasts looked at each other. The monarch and sea beasts were even more stunned. They had never heard of it.

At this moment, the Turtle Prime Minister coughed dryly and said, “I have to announce something important.”

“At this Dragon Palace banquet, a great being wanted to join our Dragon Palace City. Just as it arrived, it cooperated with the Sea Dragon King to seal the Poison Dragon Totem. It played a very critical role in this battle and helped our Dragon Palace City perfectly survive this crisis.”

“This is the honorable Lord Ice Dragon King!!”

“Everyone, welcome to Lord Ice Dragon King’s seat.”

“Roar!!!!!”

With a sentence from the Turtle Prime Minister, the surrounding temperature instantly fell

Strands of cold wind lingered around the island without any warning, freezing the air and making frost crystals dance in the sky. Under the outline of the snowstorm, a huge monster dozens of meters long flew over from the sky. It spread its huge wings and descended here, like a legend descending. “Roar!!!”

It roared, and the strong ice stone body covered in blue and purple dragon scales directly stretched out. A cold wind swept the dragon might in all directions…

Boom!!!

With a boom, the surrounding time froze. Countless sea beasts opened their mouths wide and looked at this super dragon that emitted the power of totems, not understanding the situation.

The ice dragon slowly landed on the dragon nest beside the Sea Dragon King. At this moment, all the sea beasts finally knew who the dragon nest beside the Sea Dragon King was left for.

They widened their eyes and were a little shocked. A totem-level dragon had just joined Dragon Palace City, and it was a dragon from the west!

This Dragon Palace banquet… wasn’t for nothing! The power structure of the Dragon Palace was about to change again.

“Holy shit.”

At this moment, looking at the frost dragon that landed in the dragon nest, Heavenly King Zou, Yin Zhengfan, Yu Shu, Fan Yu, and the others immediately clicked their tongues.

It wasn’t that they were shocked that the frost dragon had suddenly descended. After all, they had seen the ice dragon in advance. Just as they arrived at Dragon Palace City, what shocked them the most was the ice dragon’s shoulder.

A figure supported himself on the huge frost dragon’s body and stood calmly on the totem dragon’s shoulder. Then, it descended and became the focus of countless sea beasts. Who else could this person be but Shi Yu?

As the ice dragon descended, the Sea Dragon King nodded at the ice dragon and Shi Yu. The ice dragon and Shi Yu’s gazes looked at the many sea beasts in all directions.

At that moment, not only Heavenly King Zou and the others, but these sea beasts also naturally realized that something was wrong. The descent of the totem ice dragon naturally shocked them. However, there was actually someone standing on the shoulder of a totem. This shocked them even more. What right did this person have? Even if he was a titled legend, he wasn’t qualified to stand on the shoulder of the totem, right? Moreover, this person was so young. “Let me introduce you to everyone.”

The tortoise prime minister said, “This is Senior Frost Dragon.”

“You might be unfamiliar with its name.”

“But after hearing my introduction, it definitely won’t be unfamiliar.”

“The Dong Huang has been on good terms with our Dragon Palace for generations. Since ancient times, we have a good friendship with humans.”

“And in a country with a history of 2500 years, there’s definitely no way to avoid talking about the legendary Beast Tamer who pioneered everything, which is Senior Emperor Shi, who established the Dong Huang Dynasty.”

“As for Lord Ice Dragon King, it was the senior who participated in the totem battle with the Emperor 2500 years ago, the guardian general Mu Huiyin, and won the totem battle. Its reputation was known to everyone at that time. It was the true founder of Dong Huang. This time, it will join our Dragon Palace City and start a new journey.”

Initially, many sea beasts indeed didn’t know the origin of this ice dragon, but after hearing the introduction of the Turtle Prime Minister, their eyes instantly widened. Holy shit, holy shit, this identity origin was so cool.

Why did it feel that it was even more impressive than the experience of the current Dragon God in Dragon Palace City?

The current Dragon God of Dragon Palace City had only successfully advanced with the help of the Dragon Emperor of Dong Huang a thousand years ago.

And this new dragon was actually a super big boss who had followed Emperor Shi to end the totem battle?

In an instant, countless ocean overlords sucked in a breath of cold air emitted by the ice dragon. Countless weaker sea beasts shouted respectfully, “Lord Ice Dragon King.”

“Hello,” Ice Dragon breathed out cold air and said proudly. “Of course… There’s another lord that needs introduction…” The Turtle Minister continued to cough dryly and looked at Shi Yu, who had come with the frost dragon, on the frost dragon’s shoulder.

It said to everyone, “And this human lord…”

As it finished speaking, dozens of ocean overlords and thousands of monarch-level sea beasts looked at Shi Yu.