Chapter 296 - Dragon Palace Banquet Begins (4)

Chapter 296 Dragon Palace Banquet Begins (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

They were silent and kept guessing. They had all seen it. The super big boss of Dong Huang, the Tyrannical Sea Legend, the human big boss who could fight equally with the Sea Dragon King was sitting there. Although the Tyrannical Sea Legend was no longer a stranger to these sea beasts, after all, the reputation of the Tyrannical Sea Legend was obtained from fighting in the sea. What abilities did this young man have to be introduced exclusively? Even the Tyrannical Sea Legend didn’t have this treatment this time!

What was the connection between him and the Ice Dragon King??

Heavenly King Zou, Yu Shu, Yin Zhengfan, and the others gulped.

They kept feeling that there was something wrong with Shi Yu.

[Damn it, what’s wrong with this guy? Why is he always in the limelight?] Heavenly King Zou cried in his heart.

If it were him, how handsome would he be? He would take a photo and post it on the Internet. It would be the headlines for a month, alright?

At that time, when the traffic came, there would be more money to train pets.

“This guy.” White Brook, Xia Qingwei, and the others also gritted their teeth. Although they were used to him showing off, everyone clearly came here regularly. Why did only Shi Yu’s appearance have special effects! It was unfair!

“This is…” The Turtle Prime Minister thought for a moment.

“This is Lord Ice Dragon King’s spokesperson, Lord Shi Yu!”

“Lord Shi Yu has outstanding talent and is a super genius of Dong Huang. He was recognized by Lord Immortal Dragon King, Lord Sea Dragon King, Lord Green Dragon King, and Lord Ice Dragon King and was specially allowed to become a general of Dragon Palace City!”

“The Dragon Palace will establish the Sea Environmental Protection Department of the Dragon Palace City under the management of Lord Shi Yu. The Sea Environmental Protection Department will be in charge of overall coordination and supervision of major environmental issues. Guidance, coordination, and supervision of ecological protection. The Sea Environmental Protection Department has many functions and has extraordinary origins. Under Lord Shi Yu’s lead, I believe it can definitely bring a huge positive impact to the Dragon Palace City.” “Let us… also welcome Lord Shi Yu to Dragon Palace City!”

Eh?

As soon as the Turtle Minister finished speaking, Heavenly King Zou, White Brook, Yu Shu, and the others opened their mouths slightly, as if they had heard something unbelievable.

Not only them, even these ocean overlords instantly opened their mouths wide, cursing in their hearts.

What??

They looked at Shi Yu in shock. A general of the Dragon Palace City was a position that basically only a top overlord like the Sky Penetrating Whale could sit steadily in. Its status was only below the totem dragon king. Although the Dragon Palace City had always been friendly with the humans, it had never let humans take on such an important role!

This… Countless sea beasts looked at the calm and extraordinary Shi Yu on the Ice Dragon’s shoulder in shock. They were shocked. They didn’t understand who the person in front of them was to actually obtain such high recognition from the four dragon kings.

Instead, the little white dragon, who had been beaten up, looked at Shi Yu with admiration.

As expected of Senior Shi Yu…

“Hello, everyone. I’m Shi Yu.”

At this moment, the importance of Shi Yu’s telepathy appeared again.

He narrowed his eyes and looked at the countless ocean bosses. Below, Ice Dragon had a displeased expression. This damn little brat had grabbed onto the name of the Blue Sea Sprite. Its status in Dragon Palace City was actually almost catching up to it immediately.

However, when it thought of how Shi Yu was under it and worked for it with the Blue Sea Sprite to help it earn results, Ice Dragon endured it.

Although Shi Yu was the head of the Ministry of Environmental Protection, the boss of this department was still the Ice Dragon King.

It hoped that when the time came… Shi Yu could let it be a comfortable queen who freeloaded.

“Lord Shi Yu…”

Soon, sounds that shattered the values of Heavenly King Zou, Yu Shu, Yin Zhengfan, and the others came from the entire Dragon Yan Island.

“F*ck.” Yu Shu’s eyes almost exploded. He couldn’t understand.

What exactly was going on?

It was one thing for Shi Yu to seduce the Ice Dragon, but why did he also obtain the recognition of the other three Dragon Kings at the same time and become a general of some Dragon Palace City?

What was going on?

“Is this scientific!!” Fan Yu exclaimed. According to his understanding, there were also many humans who had a good relationship with the Dragon Palace totem. Why was Shi Yu addressed so respectfully by some overlords?

Then what were they, this group of people who were kneeling to the overlords and begging the other party to entrust their heirs to them? The little Yin Zhengfan was a little regretful that he had come to Dragon Palace City this time. He was not very old, but he had endured pressure that he shouldn’t have. His gaze was blank. Not to mention President Gao Xuan, could even the big shots of the fourth bureau receive such treatment from Dragon Palace City? No, that was impossible.

He looked at the Tyrannical Sea Legend in confusion.

This was… how did he do it?

At this moment, Tyrannical Sea Legend sighed and said, “If you don’t mind, I suggest you join the environmental department of Dragon Palace City. It will be beneficial to your future development.”

According to his speculation, at that time, there should be no lack of heirs of the overlords of Dragon Palace City’s Environmental Protection Department.

The pavilion closest to the water enjoyed the moonlight first, as the saying went. If they couldn’t contract an overlord’s son, they would have more chances in the future if they joined the Environmental Protection Department.

Heavenly King Zou and the others: “Ah???”

Damn.

Therefore, what exactly was going on? Coming to Dragon Palace City to participate in the banquet and becoming Shi Yu’s subordinate… This plot was something they couldn’t understand! This didn’t make sense!