Chapter 298 - Shocking Dragon Palace City

Chapter 298 Shocking Dragon Palace City

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

After Shi Yu displayed the environmental protection badge containing the Ice Dragon Phantom, many sea beasts became restless.

“You, go and register and try…”

Among the dozens of ocean overlords, the Ice Emperor Lobster overlord, who was famous for its ice-element power, said to its cub.

It actually didn’t want its heirs to follow humans, but if it was the internal department of Dragon Palace City, it didn’t matter.

Most importantly, the Frost Dragon was the only totem in Dragon Palace City that was proficient in ice power. The Ice Emperor Lobster overlord was suddenly a little tempted.

It felt that following this old senior might give him more benefits.

From the first totem battle to now, Ice Dragon was clearly a super big boss!

“Ah…” In the face of its parents, this monarch-level Ice Emperor Lobster that had already grown up was confused. Wait a minute.

Giving such a precious piece of equipment after joining was definitely not that simple.

It wasn’t too late to go after Lord Shi Yu made himself clear…

Similar scenes were playing out elsewhere.

“Go and try,” many overlord-level sea beasts said to their heirs or clansmen.

Some monarch-level sea beasts even muttered to themselves, wanting to join the Ministry of Environment.

After all, Shi Yu’s Environmental Protection Department didn’t specify any levels, race, or age.

“I wonder if I have any hope…”

“Lord Shi Yu, I wonder if there are any specific conditions for me to join the Environmental Protection Department.”

“I want to join!!”

“Lord Shi Yu, look at me!!”

In an instant, thousands of sea beasts shouted.

Just now, many sea beasts still had a wait-and-see attitude towards the Marine Environmental Protection Department, but in the blink of an eye, the Environmental Protection Department became popular.

After all, who could withstand a group giving away super resources upon entry? It was freeloading!

“Holy shit, will he really get a bunch of sea beast followers?”

Seeing the Dragon Palace banquet become a large-scale recruitment venue, Yu Shu cried in envy.

Wouldn’t Shi Yu be able to do whatever he wanted in the East Sea in the future?

How envious!!!

The other young people also looked envious.

Ahhh, they wanted to do this too!

“Everyone, don’t worry. I’m not done.”

At this moment, facing the enthusiastic sea beasts, Shi Yu said calmly, “Please let me finish. This environmental protection badge is actually the most basic welfare treatment for the members of the Ministry of Environment.”

“We also prepared another precious resource for the core members of the Ministry of Environment.”

Eh?

When Shi Yu finished speaking, the sea beasts were stunned. There was more?

Legend Sea Tyrant and Sea Dragon King were also slightly stunned.

There was more?

In their opinion, this environmental badge was already a huge investment. After all, it was a high-quality equipment that could store time skills.

In the end, Shi Yu even prepared something more expensive?

“Looks like this kid plans to use this event to rope in enough power.”

The Sea Dragon King narrowed its eyes and quietly looked at what Shi Yu was preparing to take out.

“This resource is also a resource related to time.”

Shi Yu’s expression was calm. He put away the Ice Dragon Badge and the Ice Dragon disappeared with the snow. In the next moment, he took out a white fruit. At this moment, when they saw the white fruit in Shi Yu’s hand that looked like a pineapple, many sea beasts revealed confused expressions.

Not to mention them, even the Sea Dragon King turned his head and didn’t know what it was.

Something to do with the time element?

“What’s this?” The little white dragon asked the Turtle Prime Minister in a low voice.

The turtle prime minister shook its head. With its experience after living for so long, it actually didn’t know.

At that moment, when they saw that Shi Yu had indeed taken this out, Ice Dragon, Gem Cat, and the other big shots narrowed their eyes and silently watched the show. Next, they wanted to see how destructive this thing was… They just didn’t know how Shi Yu planned to show it…

“Did you… just say that you want to join the Environmental Protection Department?”

After Shi Yu took out the Time Fruit, under the gaze of many sea beasts, he didn’t explain anything to everyone immediately. Instead, he looked at a faction.

That was the faction of the Mermaid Queen.

Apart from the overlord-level mermaid queen, there was also a pile of mermaids and a pile of pink eel-like creatures.

< Name > Cherry Heart Fish

[Attributes]: Water

[Race Level]: High-level commander

(Level of Growth]: Commander Level

< Introduction > It’s a beautiful fish from the deep sea, one of the prerequisites of mermaids. There’s a chance to evolve into a humanoid creature, mermaid.

The cherry heart fish looked like a pink eel-shaped creature with a beautiful and elegant appearance. Its body was surrounded by pink silk-like fins, and it was already somewhat similar to a mermaid.

Before they evolved into mermaids, they were already the most beautiful fish species in the deep sea. Of course, the most beautiful was definitely a mermaid. That appearance could even tempt other species.

“Fufu?”

In the mermaid faction, the Cherry Heart Fish, who was named by Shi Yu, had a nervous and surprised expression. It didn’t expect Shi Yu to suddenly look at it and talk to it.

It loved cleanliness, so it indeed felt that the Marine Environmental Protection Department was a good department and wanted to join. Shi Yu was right about this.

“General Shi Yu, what’s wrong with that?” The noble and elegant mermaid queen, whose upper body was in a humanoid form and had a beautiful appearance even among humans, asked Shi Yu.

“Your Majesty, I wonder if you can invite it to do an experiment with me.” Shi Yu smiled.

The mermaid queen glanced at the extremely ordinary Sakura Heart Fish in the group and said, “Of course. Go.”