Chapter 293 - Dragon Palace Banquet Begins (1)

Chapter 293 Dragon Palace Banquet Begins (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Don’t be smug just because you contracted the Blue Sea Sprite. This race has far-reaching ambitions. You might not be able to keep it in the future, so you have to work hard to improve yourself. In fact, if you really want to become partners with it and enjoy the convenience brought by this identity, you have to bear a certain amount of responsibility. Do you have this awareness?”

The Tyrannical Sea Legend said, “The enemies of the Blue Sea Sprite are much more than the enemies of General Mu Huiyin.” “I understand.” Shi Yu rubbed his hair to indicate that he understood.

After contracting Susu, he had indeed quickly understood this matter.

The greatest enemy of the Blue Sea Sprites should be the Western Abyss Sea.

It was said that the rulers of that sea area in ancient times were gods from the universe that could be traced back to the Mythical Era. Ordinary creatures would fall into madness just by seeing their totems and touching their traces. Their blood dyed the entire sea area. These existences were also regarded by the generations of sea elves as the greatest ecological pollutants and invaders of the blue planet’s sea.

Although the Abyss Sea had disappeared, if it really came back, there would probably be another storm of blood in the ocean. Shi Yu was optimistic…

Damn it, he couldn’t be optimistic.

Thinking about it carefully, in the team, Buggy seemed to be the one who made him worry the least!

Buggy, as expected of it… To a certain extent, it was the most harmless. Shi Yu didn’t know if it was praise or a belittlement.

On the other side, Legend Sea Tyrant asked again, “Do you really not need me to give you some resources?” “Don’t worry, I’m prepared for this.” Shi Yu grinned. “It can definitely attract all the sea beasts!”

“Alright.” Legend Sea Tyrant nodded and didn’t ask further.

Shi Yu came from Bureau 11 and the third bureau, and he even knew the totem ice dragon. He didn’t believe that he didn’t have anything good.

“Then I’ll go back and continue preparing?” Shi Yu said.

With the Tyrannical Sea Legend stopping him, he couldn’t slack off.

“Yes.” Tyrannical Sea Legend nodded.

The next day.

The Dragon Palace banquet that had been delayed for three days was finally about to begin.

The area of the Dragon Palace City’s mystic realm, even if it wasn’t a deep mystic realm, was far larger than Ancient Capital City.

At this moment, the gazes of the entire Dragon Palace City were attracted by an island.

Dragon Yan Island.

This island wasn’t small either. It could easily accommodate hundreds of thousands of elite sea beasts from various seas.

The entire Dragon Feast Island was arranged outward at the center. According to strength and race ranking, every area had different sea beasts.

For example, in the center was the host of this Dragon Palace banquet, the Sea Dragon King. It lay on the huge dragon nest and enjoyed the worship of countless sea beasts. The little white dragon and the Turtle Prime Minister stood on both sides and guarded at the side.

However, what was new was that there was a huge dragon nest beside the Sea Dragon King, which surprised the sea beasts participating in the banquet. Could it be that this was prepared for the Azure Dragon King? The Azure Dragon King was also hosting this banquet?

As for the area surrounding Sea Dragon King, it was the territory of the Sky Penetrating Whale, the Sea Yaksha, the other overlord-level generals of Dragon Palace City, the Mermaid Queen, the Black Flood Dragon overlord, and dozens of other ocean overlords.

These Dragon Palace overlords and their clansmen, such as their heirs, occupied the second core circle.

Of course, in this area, apart from them, there was also a special force, the human race.

Tyrannical Sea Legend sat calmly in the seat and looked at the Sea Dragon King in the center quietly. Beside him, Yu Shu, Yin Zhengfan, and the others were especially reserved.

So many overlord-level creatures!!

As expected of the strongest group in the ocean!

“Only on such an occasion can one feel the insignificance of the Beast Tamer individual and feel the power of Dong Huang,” Heavenly King Zou said with a smile as he sat in the seat.

With his strength, it might be very difficult for him to fight against one of the weaker overlords, but there were dozens of such overlords in Dragon Palace City. This was only to participate in the banquet. In addition to the other totems other than the Sea Dragon King, Heavenly King Zou deeply sensed the power of this totem faction.

However, as a human super force not inferior to Dragon Palace City, Dong Huang was also the main reason why they could sit here.

“By the way, what about Shi Yu? What’s wrong with the Slime you guys were talking about…” “It can’t be some totem son who can transform, right??”

After Heavenly King Zou arrived at the scene, he realized that Shi Yu didn’t come with everyone.

He had also heard everyone talk about the monarch-level Water Slime and couldn’t help but be extremely curious. If it weren’t for the Tyrannical Sea Legend stopping him, he would have long gone to Shi Yu to satisfy his curiosity.

“He has additional activities with Senior Ice Dragon.”

The Tyrannical Sea Legend said calmly.

“Oh…” Heavenly King Zou felt that he was being a bit annoying. The corners of his mouth twitched. He shouldn’t have asked.

“Zou Yun, Yu Shu, Wang Xu, Peng Zijie, Shi Yu and the others have successfully contracted their pets. This Dragon Palace banquet is one of the few opportunities left for you. Soon after the Dragon Palace banquet, we will leave the ocean, so you have to seize the opportunity.”

Tyrannical Sea Legend reminded White Brook, Yin Zhengfan, and the others.

As a top-notch master of Dong Huang, a young genius who could resist an overlord with all his might, Heavenly king zou had enough qualifications to negotiate with the Black Flood Dragon overlord. He had already successfully obtained the recognition of the Black Flood Dragon overlord and was entrusted with the commander-level Black Flood Dragon cub.

Yu Shu relied on resources and the introduction of the little white dragon. As for Wang Xu and Peng Zijie, they were Beast Tamers of the Dong Huang Navy. They had a contract with the ocean army of Dragon Palace City and were assigned regularly. Naturally, they also found their comrades.

Therefore, at the moment, almost half of the Beast Tamers who came to Dragon Palace City had already achieved their goal.