Chapter 292 - Dragon Palace Banquet Begins (1)

Chapter 292 Dragon Palace Banquet Begins (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Wake up!!” Fan Yu waved his hand in front of Shi Yu. “Why do you want this thing?” “Building machinery,” Shi Yu said.

The corners of Fan Yu’s mouth twitched. “You’re not a Mechanic, right?”

Was he an archaeologist or a Feeder?

In short, he definitely had nothing to do with Mechanics!

And now he was interested in machinery. It was just that his thoughts were problematic… Moreover, who would want to use the Hundred Transformation Stone to create machines right from the start? This was a high-end transforming machine, and it could only be played by Legends. It was good for newbies to understand the four-wheel-drive and remote-controlled planes first.

“Forget it, I’m not talking to you anymore. I still have to come up with a temporary modification plan for that sea beast with a missing body.”

Fan Yu muttered and patted the Wings of Wind, planning to slip away.

Shi Yu had contracted an impressive water-type pet himself, but he had yet to contract it.

“Eh.” Shi Yu was stunned. Why not talk a bit more?

“Let’s talk another day.”

“I’m busy looking for a pet.”

Fan Yu hurriedly waved.

“Alright…” Shi Yu covered his forehead.

Forget it, it was immoral to stop others from looking for a pet. He’ll let him go then…

“However, the main reward of the National League is actually the Hundred Transformation Stone?”

Then, as he watched Fan Yu leave, Shi Yu fell into deep thought.

He really didn’t expect this.

This thing was a level-eight resource, worth about 1 billion.

From the situation of the previous National League, it was already not bad if the value of the champion reward was 10% of this one. The fourth bureau was really going all out this time.

eau was

In short, at that time, if Gao Xuan won the Hundred Transformations Stone, Imperial Capital University would completely lose.

After all, the results of the National League also determined the distribution of education fees for the nine major universities to a certain extent.

However… if the national champion wasn’t Gao Xuan, would the fourth round… cry?

“It’s not a big problem. As long as I join the fourth bureau, everyone will be family. No one will lose out.”

“There’s still a month…”

“Kinda want this reward…”

In an instant, Shi Yu had already browsed through most of the information on the Hundred Transformations Stone.

Although a Hundred Transformations Stone couldn’t make him create too powerful mechanical pets, creating one that was pretty good was enough to build a good foundation. For an overlord-level Black Wing Demon God like the Legendary Mechanic of Dong Huang, the main ingredient was indeed a Hundred Transformations Stone, but it was not as simple as just one.

A Hundred Transformations Stone was not enough to connect the many mechanical materials to form a huge body more than ten meters tall.

If he wanted to form such a body, he might not even be able to stack ten pieces. However, in a competition at the level of the National League, it was impossible to reward too many such rare resources.

One piece was already a very rare situation. Because the characteristics of the Hundred Transformations Stone were easy to modify, easy to assemble, and easy to awaken. Even if there was only one piece, it could perfectly match Gao Xuan’s Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast and increase the potential of the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast. At that time, the Hundred Transformations Stone would be equivalent to an accessory ingredient of the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast. There was still a difference from the core main ingredient.

If Shi Yu obtained the Hundred Transformations Stone, with the fact that he didn’t have any other rare mechanical materials, he would definitely use the Hundred Transformations Stone as the core.

Shi Yu didn’t mind.

The formless and formless Hundred Transformations Body without a fixed form was quite in line with his thoughts.

With the Hundred Transformation Stone as the main mechanical material, it wouldn’t be incompatible with the illusion. It was pretty good.

Of course, there were also shortcomings. It was expensive…

Seeing that the mechanical man had run away, Shi Yu planned to find the beast-eared girl to chat and give her a plan to contract a mermaid.

Shi Yu wanted to see what a human and a human-type pet mermaid looked like… However, at this moment, the Tyrannical Sea Legend suddenly appeared in front of Shi Yu.

Shi Yu looked at the top battle power of Dong Huang who had suddenly walked out and stopped.

“Senior Yu, what’s wrong?”

Tyrannical Sea Legend was wearing clothes similar to a Chinese tunic suit. His eyes under his short gray hair were very lively. He looked at Shi Yu and said, “What are you going to do?”

“To find White Brook and the others to chat.”

Tyrannical Sea Legend shook his head and said, “At your age, you should prioritize business. Let’s talk when we get back. They also came to look for you previously, but they were stopped by me. The first thing you should prepare now is tomorrow’s Dragon Palace banquet.”

now

“Huh???” Shi Yu was paralyzed.

No way, even the Tyrannical Sea Legend wanted to interfere.

Was the Tyrannical Sea Legend trying to restrict his personal freedom?

Ever since he returned, the Tyrannical Sea Legend had always asked him to take this Dragon Palace banquet seriously. Shi Yu indeed took it seriously.

He had already made Baby Ginseng and Buggy work overtime. As a Beast Tamer, couldn’t he chill a little?

“You have to take it seriously,” said the Tyrannical Sea Legend.

“Although the Sea Dragon King and the others support the Blue Sea Sprite to establish their faction with the power of Dragon Palace City, the name Blue Sea Sprite can’t be revealed.” “Therefore, how much power you can gather in this event will depend on your own ability.”

“Whether it’s to show your potential or to gain benefits, you have to do it well.” “At the moment, although Dong Huang and Dragon Palace City are allies, no human has been able to interfere in the internal affairs of Dragon Palace City. You will also be the first in a thousand years for a human to take on the important role of Dragon Palace City.”

“In the long term, this is a good thing for your future development and the growth of the Blue Sea Sprite.”