Chapter 300 - Shocking Dragon Palace City (2)

Chapter 300 Shocking Dragon Palace City (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Under the white evolution light, its one-meter-long body quickly changed and grew rapidly. In the light, it didn’t take long for its body to reach more than four meters.

In the white light, the form of the body gradually changed from the cherry heart fish to another form.

Seeing this scene, the Mermaid Queen, the mermaids and the Sakura Heart Fish behind were first stunned before shaking their heads suddenly

How was this possible!

However, the real scene in front of them made the mouths of the overlord factions and monarch factions, including the mermaid factions, widen. The venue instantly fell silent.

Under the shocked gazes of all the sea beasts, as well as Yu Shu and the others, the commander-level Cherry Heart Fish just now suddenly erupted with a monarch-level deterrence under the white light and shattered the white light on its body.

At the same time, its new appearance also appeared in front of the many sea beasts.

It had a huge body, elegant pink long curly hair, watery blue eyes, beautiful appearance, a plump upper body, and a deep pink fish tail.

Its entire body displayed the deterrence of a monarch. Countless shining water beads lingered around its body, and its beautiful eyes were filled with a pitiful confusion.

Seeing this beautiful creature, countless sea beasts widened their eyes again. Heavenly King Zou, Yu Shu, and the others rubbed their eyes hard in disbelief.

Just now, it was just a commander-level Cherry Heart Fish. After eating the fruit, it directly evolved?

Moreover, it had reached the monarch level?

How was this possible!

“Roar!!!!!”

What shocked them even more was still coming. At this moment, in mid-air, the Turtle Minister also revealed its figure under the white light.

After the light collapsed, the excited and energetic roar of the Turtle Minister came! Originally less than two meters away, its body had already withered and looked like a little old man. At this moment, its body directly doubled. Its huge and bright brown shell, clear patterns, white spots that represented vitality on its body, thick limbs that seemed to be filled with muscles, and in addition to its ferocious and wild face and bright red pupils, none of them didn’t indicate the current situation of the turtle prime minister’s body.

“I’m young again!”

The Turtle Minister said in disbelief in the sky.

At this moment, its entire body emitted a deterrence wave stronger than the mermaid beside it. The substantial deterrence instantly made countless streams submit and linger around it.

At this moment, the Turtle Minister was teary-eyed.

It controlled its young body in disbelief.

Now, let alone the Turtle Prime Minister and the group of sea beasts, even the Sea Dragon King opened its mouth wide.

After all, ever since it came to Dragon Palace City, the Turtle Minister had already looked so old, but now…

Seeing that the Turtle Prime Minister had instantly recovered even younger and more energetic than him, as if it had returned to the strongest moment of his life, the Sea Dragon King immediately roared in confusion.

“Holy shit… Prime Minister Turtle, it…” Below, the little white dragon’s eyes widened when it saw the change in Prime Minister Turtle.

At this moment, countless sea beasts looked at the changes in the Turtle Prime Minister and the Cherry Heart Fish, and their brains suddenly felt a little uncomfortable.

In midair, Shi Yu looked around and looked at his masterpiece in satisfaction.

Then, he looked at the countless sea beasts with a smile and took out a time fruit. He explained,

“As everyone can see.”

“This fruit contains powerful time power. This time power can temporarily allow a life form in the growth stage to reach a stronger state in the future. It can also allow an old life form to recover to the peak state in its life.”

“It can lead you to the future and control the power of the future. It can also let you return to your youth and awaken the power of the

past.”

“This fruit is called the Time Fruit, also known as the Miracle Fruit. It’s a fruit that can bring miracles.”

After Shi Yu finished speaking, countless sea beasts and even the Sea Dragon King revealed shocked expressions.

There was actually… such a thing?

It must be fake!

“I won’t say much about its various hidden effects. I’ll only say two that are easier to think

of.”

“For example, it can unearth potential and let you experience the form you might evolve into in advance, allowing you to find the path of evolution.”

As soon as he finished speaking, countless sea beasts with evolution potential looked at the beautiful mermaid with reddened eyes and yearning

“For example, it can also allow you to return to your youth and make up for some regrets. Cough, like some seniors who didn’t want children when they were young and missed the optimal stage of reproduction. The Time Fruit might be able to help you fulfill your dreams…”

As soon as he finished speaking, it wasn’t just the dragon babies this time. Even some overlord-level creatures’ pupils instantly constricted as they realized a possibility.

In an instant, the atmosphere of the Dragon Palace banquet became extremely hot.

Scorching gazes looked at Shi Yu, the mermaid, and the Turtle Minister!

What kind of monstrous resource was this!!!

How could there be such a heaven-defying fruit!!

Forget about some young sea beasts, even the overlord sea beasts wanted to immediately join the Environmental Protection Department and become core members!

Compared to this, the badge just now was nothing!

The hardest thing about overlord-level creatures was reproduction. Even if they successfully gave birth, it would only be one child. As Shi Yu said, this Time Fruit even represented the possibility of a second or third child?