Chapter 508 - Fame In Dong Huang

Holy shit!

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Seeing Shi Yu like this, everyone was stunned.

Shi Yu defeated the Void Mantis?!

Whether it was the pet egg in Shi Yu’s hand, the suddenly closed ruins, or the howling Void Mantis, it seemed… to prove everything.

However, everyone was still a little stunned and felt that it was unreal.

This was because before Shi Yu entered, no one expected Shi Yu to succeed in the challenge.

Zou Yun and the other Beast Tamers in the top ten of the Sequence had gone in to challenge it themselves. Be it their trump cards or main forces, they were all defeated by the Void Mantis like a joke.

Top-notch masters like Grandma Li and Dr. Chen had also entered before and were mercilessly shattered by the Void Mantis.

The president of the Kong Association had received countless famous veteran top-notch masters nationwide. In the end, without exception, they all lost.

The conclusion they came to was that the pet cultivated by the Space Emperor was invincible. Under legends and overlords, it could not be defeated.

If there was, it might have to be a pet cultivated by big shots of the same level, such as Emperor Shi, Emperor Wu, Empress, Dragon Emperor, Evolution Legend, and Mechanical Legend.

Even Beast Tamers like Ji Feng and Tong Yan, who had battle records of killing overlord-level creatures, were not its match at all.

However, in reality, a Beast Tamer with only a level-five space and a telepathy talent had achieved a battle result that everyone judged to be impossible??

“How is this possible!” Everyone still subconsciously found it unbelievable.

Lu Qingyi’s expression was subtle. She had fought Shi Yu recently. She was indeed very shocked by Shi Yu’s growth speed, but in her judgment, Eleven was definitely still quite inferior to the Void Mantis.

Therefore, what kind of special training had Shi Yu and Eleven undergone this week?

Ji Feng, Tong Yan, Ning Tianming, and the others completely didn’t expect that it would actually be Sequence rank 11, who they didn’t pay attention to at the start, who defeated the Void Mantis.

Heavenly King Zou’s mentality collapsed to the extreme. Holy shit, if it was true, didn’t that mean that Shi Yu’s Sequence ranking would increase again?

Now that Shi Yu was in the eleventh place, no matter how much he rose, when the time came, the one who fell to the eleventh place would definitely be him, Zou Tianwang.

He had finally made it into the top ten, but in just a few days, he was going to fall again before his butt warmed up. Heavenly King Zou’s heart ached.

Something was wrong, something was wrong. When did Shi Yu start to counter him in every way? The two parties clearly didn’t have much interaction, so why did he make him feel uncomfortable every time?

“You, you, you, you… really?” The principal of Kong University looked at the egg in Shi Yu’s hand in a daze!!

“He really won?” Principal Feng was momentarily stunned. What, in other words, Shi Yu was stronger than Qingyi now?

“I knew it. Senior Shi Yu can definitely win,” Fang Lan said excitedly. Shi Yu was more powerful than she imagined.

“Well, we’ve tried to develop Yun An’s dark gold Demon God power these few days,” Shi Yu said. “Unfortunately, Eleven can’t perfectly control that power. Otherwise, it should be easier to win.”

Sigh, after being done with this period of time, he would quickly help Eleven find a new evolution skill and open up a new evolution path. He couldn’t waste the power of Yun An.

Continue gambling!

Crack.

Upon hearing that, everyone gritted their teeth. Apart from Principal Feng, Lu Qingyi, and a small number of people who could understand, the others couldn’t understand much. However, just from Shi Yu’s tone, it wasn’t human language. What did it mean that it could be won more easily? What the hell?

“This…” Principal Feng was stunned before accepting it easier.

So that was the case. The Demon God Iron-eating Beast was Emperor Wu’s trump card. Using Emperor Wu’s trump card cultivation path to defeat a secondary pet cultivated by the Space Emperor… This way, it didn’t seem impossible.

Although that was the case, it was still too ridiculous. Principal Feng looked at Eleven. This little guy was only two years old.

If Emperor Kong knew, no, Emperor Wu also knew, the two of them would cry in the toilet together, alright?

“The power of a demon god…” Lu Qingyi took a deep breath. Eleven didn’t use that power in battle with her. Now that Eleven had mastered it, in other words, in a one-on-one situation, she would no longer be a match for Shi Yu and the others?

“So, this is that cosmic pet egg?” President Kong looked at Shi Yu’s hand.

What kind of species would a white purple pattern be?

This was difficult to determine, because it was definitely not a blue planet creature.

Could he determine its attributes? It was not easy…

Shi Yu also looked down again and nodded.

It was difficult for him to judge. White-striped… starry sky… For a moment, he could only think of the Cosmic Emperor, Frieza…

“This is,” Shi Yu said.

“I’m envious.” Tong Yan looked at the egg eagerly. Apart from the cultivation opportunity in the ruins, she was here for this egg!

The Space Beast Egg sounded very powerful.

How could a pet specially left behind by the Space Emperor be bad?

It might even be a high-level overlord race, or even a Mythical race.

The others were also secretly envious. Who didn’t want such a rare thing?

“I wonder what race it will be… When can it hatch?”

Someone asked.

“This might not be easy. From what I understand, the conditions for this egg to hatch are extremely high. It requires a specific place. Without a year and a half, there should be no hope of hatching.” Shi Yu shook his head.

“Ah, I’ll talk to you later. I’m going to recover my pet first.” At this moment, in the ruins space, Susu had already made the frost cleansing suit. Next, it had to cooperate with Baby Ginseng’s treatment and recover Eleven well.