Chapter 507 - Worldview Shattered (6)

“Use the attributes the other party is good at to defeat the other party.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Time strengthening and spatial strengthening were both top-notch talents. They were very rare and very difficult to inherit. Dong Huang didn’t have a top-notch master with this talent now, which made the association very helpless.

“Speaking of which, why isn’t Shi Yu out yet?” Heavenly King Zou suddenly looked at the crack. It had been so long.

“Is it possible that Senior Shi Yu can defeat that Void Mantis!” Fang Lan said with anticipation.

“Little kid, don’t have unrealistic fantasies.” Heavenly King Zou smiled and looked at Fang Lan. “You might as well look forward to Shi Yu’s Beauty Mantis Strategy succeeding… Using the Beauty Mantis Phantom to exchange for a pet egg.”

Fang Lan: Wu…

“Perhaps that Void Mantis is playing around again.” Ning Tianming snorted, very unhappy with the Void Mantis’s arrogant and bad taste.

“That’s true…” Everyone had clearly been teased by that Void Mantis.

Buzz!

At this moment, a spatial ripple suddenly appeared. The figure of a man and two pets appeared in the outside world.

“Sob…” At this moment, Eleven was still hugging the ginseng baby and crying in pain. The three extreme eruptions were too painful. It was simply as painful as when it received the Undying Golden Body teaching. It didn’t want the ginseng baby, it wanted the ice cleansing cloak.

Listening to Eleven’s miserable cry, the hearts of many Beast Tamers in the outside world trembled. They subconsciously had the thought that the Void Mantis was ruthless this time.

But soon, when their gazes stopped on Shi Yu, they were completely stunned.

Because at this moment, Shi Yu was holding a pet egg. On the pet egg was a piece of parchment.

Egg…

Seeing Shi Yu holding the egg, Principal Feng, President Wang, Dr. Chen, Grandma Li, Lu Qingyi, Zou Yun, Ji Feng, Ning Tianming, Tong Yan, and the others were stunned. They looked at the pet egg in a daze and couldn’t react for a moment.

The black crack passage in the sky began to close. At the same time, a familiar voice came from inside.

“The challenge has ended. The Starry Sky Pet inheritance has been sent out. The ruins for the time being… Oh my god, it hurts so much. Howl, damn it, how are your Sequence rankings even decided? It’s ranked very horribly. You’re not allowed to rank anymore next time. Close!!”

A cursing voice came from the ruins.

Then, everyone opened their mouths slightly and looked at the mature looking Shi Yu.

“As expected of a pet personally cultivated by the Space Emperor. I feel that it’s not bad compared to overlord-level creatures. If it weren’t for our skills being higher, we would be in danger.” Shi Yu sighed with lingering fear.

“If only I had a strengthening talent…”

Everyone: “?”

After the Beast Tamers present reacted, they suddenly cracked. Holy shit, wait, what did it mean? They suddenly revealed incomprehensible gazes!!! Don’t tell them that Shi Yu defeated the Void Mantis!!

The top masters in the top ten of the Sequence and a group of old seniors were all shattered by that mantis.

In the end, Shi Yu, a Sequence rank 11, defeated the Void Mantis the first time he entered?!

“Fortunately, I didn’t disappoint you.” Shi Yu patted the pet egg and revealed a gentle smile, making everyone open their mouths wide… It seemed to be true! It really arrived, making Ji Feng and the others in the crowd find it difficult to understand. They didn’t understand how that Void Mantis was defeated. When it really arrived, Heavenly King Zou, who was ranked tenth, gradually had his expression distort and collapse…