Chapter 509 - Fame In Dong Huang (2)

Shi Yu estimated that after this battle, with the physique of the Iron-eating Beast King, Eleven’s strength would definitely increase after it healed.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Is there anything you need?” Seeing that Eleven’s injuries were so miserable, even if Baby Ginseng continued to treat him, it was still very miserable. Principal Feng gulped and said.

“Oh?… Life supplements above level-seven, is that alright?” Shi Yu said casually. He had previously taught the Undying Golden Body and had used up all the supplements. He wanted more.

“The Kong Association has prep resources. Let’s go there and get them,” Principal Feng said bluntly.

Dong Huang and even the Kong Du Association had taken a pile of resources to conquer the Kong Emperor Ruins. Now that the exploration of the ruins was successful, these supplements would be sent back anyway. It was better to give them to Shi Yu and Eleven.

Soon, Principal Feng pulled Shi Yu and the others to run to get supplements, leaving everyone looking at the ruins in the sky in confusion and silence.

President Kong looked up at the sky. What kind of person was this…

However, the news that a Beast Tamer who was only 20 years old had defeated the legendary Beast Tamer, the Space Emperor, would probably change the entire Dong Huang.

At the same time, he looked at the silent Heavenly King Zou, Ji Feng, and the others. He also knew that the Sequence ranking was about to change.

“Ji Feng.” After a moment of silence, Lu Qingyi looked at the fifth Sequence, Ji Feng, and said, “Prepare yourself. Next, we’ll carry out the Sequence battle.”

….

On the other side, Shi Yu, who was going to get various supplements with Principal Feng, faced Principal Feng’s question again.

There were many people over there just now, but now, the two of them had reached the main point.

“What, you have to go to the seven islands, Rongguang, Tingxiang, and Heavenly Fox?”

When he heard Shi Yu say that he had to go to the designated Space Emperor Ruins to receive the baptism of the power of the stars, Principal Feng immediately became serious.

Shi Yu had conquered the Space Emperor Ruins. In theory, this egg belonged to Shi Yu.

However, it was simply too difficult to hatch this egg with Shi Yu’s personal strength.

“What do you plan to do?”

“I’ll hatch it myself. I originally wanted to go overseas to take a look too. Don’t worry, when the time comes, I’ll definitely bring Teacher Ying and even the Ice Dragon in Dragon Palace City. There won’t be a problem.”

“Uh.” Principal Feng couldn’t refute. Indeed, going abroad was extremely dangerous even for legendary Beast Tamers.

However, for Shi Yu, who could casually carry a totem bodyguard with him, it was no different from having a titled legend protecting him. It didn’t seem to be that dangerous. The premise was that he didn’t take the initiative to court death.

“This, this, this, this, this.” The old principal was conflicted again. Why did he still have to go overseas?

Whether it was Lu Qingyi or Shi Yu, he actually didn’t want the two of them to participate in the world competition and wander abroad.

However, Shi Yu and Lu Qingyi were clearly not idle. Now that there was another Starry Sky Egg that needed to be hatched at a designated location, Shi Yu had a reason to go out and play again.

“Don’t worry, it’ll be fine. I won’t run around without the ability to protect myself.”

“Moreover, before the Mechanical Conference began, I’ve already decided to cultivate in the Space Emperor Ruins and strive to break through to level six.”

“At that time, level-seven will be far in the future. It’s useless even if I stay. I might as well go train.” Shi Yu also knew that he wasn’t someone who could stay.

“Moreover, I also obtained the protective skill of the Dragon Palace City’s Dragon God. I’ll be fine.”

Upon hearing that, Principal Feng was stunned and his pupils constricted. Good lord, this guy even managed to get the Dragon God’s things.

Cozying up to a demigod? Damn! He should be the director of the first bureau!

After all, in the first bureau, no one could reach demigod level.

The Dragon God had never communicated directly with Dong Huang. Only evolution legends and mechanical legends had seen the Dragon God a few times.

“In that case… it’s indeed not that dangerous. The Heavenly Fox Nation is one of the less threatening countries in the totem country. As for the other three countries, if nothing goes wrong, the exchange team led by a Titled Legend in Dong Huang will go next. If you really want to go, you can also go with the team,” Principal Feng said.

At that time, he could still have another titled legend and a few more legends as bodyguards. It would be difficult to encounter danger.

It was not a bad idea to take advantage of the short peace between the Seven Nation Alliance and the Totem Alliance during the World Tournament to broaden his horizons.

Principal Feng sighed. Shi Yu could do whatever he wanted.

It was indeed very difficult for Beast Tamers who lacked experience to reach the legendary level.

“By the way.” Shi Yu suddenly thought of something and said, “After this, can my Sequence ranking reach the top five?”

“Didn’t they say that the top five of the Sequence Battle will obtain a legendary resource at the final settlement as a reward to assist the contestants in the world competition?”

“Speaking of which, can I borrow this reward in advance? Just treat it as an investment in advance… There’s no need to wait until the eve of the world competition…”

“Uh.” Principal Feng was stunned. There was such a thing, but what the hell was this advance payment? Moreover, he wasn’t even in the top five!

“Ji Feng can’t defeat the Void Mantis. You’ve defeated it. In theory, it’s a very good comparison, but in reality, this is still 1VS1 after all. It can’t be seen as the overall strength of the Beast Tamer. Moreover, his talent is countered by the Void Mantis. Therefore, I can’t say for sure if the Sequence Competition Committee will use this battle result as a judging standard…” Principal Feng said.

Shi Yu smiled and said, “Didn’t you say that the association was prepared to take out a batch of resources to nurture an invincible monarch to challenge the Void Mantis? Now that the challenge has succeeded, this resource is saved. Why don’t you combine it with the ranking reward for the Sequence Battle and give me a legendary resource in advance?”