Chapter 504 - Worldview Shattered (3)

The Space Quake Proficiency was still too low. Even with the enhancement of the power of enlargement and hardening matter, it was still not enough to face the strongest spatial power of the Void Mantis.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“You guys… aren’t bad.” At this point, the Void Mantis rather acknowledged Shi Yu and the Iron-eating Beast. As expected, it was as it had thought previously. The other party was the strongest opponent it had ever seen at the monarch level. Just as it thought about it and decided to allow the other party to cultivate in the Space Emperor Ruins for a few days, the expression of the Void Mantis suddenly changed.

“Roar!!!” Under the huge roar, stronger energy fluctuations erupted from the other side again. The huge fluctuations and the vibration of the surrounding spatial domain made the hair of the Void Mantis stand on end.

In the smoke opposite, Eleven, who should have been dried up, still had ferocious lightning flickering in its eyes. An incomparably sharp edge erupted from its body and from its potential will again, as if it had opened some restriction. It raised its huge fist again with a bang, and white spatial fluctuations lingered!!

“How is this possible!!!” Seeing this scene, the Void Mantis directly cursed in confusion. Wasn’t that attack just now the limit??

How could it erupt with stronger power?!!

That attack just now was indeed the limit, but with the Undying Golden Body, it saved Eleven’s life again. At this moment, what erupted was an unstoppable skill that could only be used in a desperate situation. With the support of the power of will, Eleven’s body blossomed with a new light like a miracle, carrying out a second super eruption, shocking the Void Mantis opposite.

Boom.

The fist attacked. In the domain, the Void Mantis was already panting, but in order to receive this attack, it still tried its best to mobilize the power of the spatial domain, creating layers of shackles again to seal the violent beast inside.

It was still the spatial shackle at the limit of the tenth level, but this time, as Eleven threw a punch, the vibration power it erupted with this time was like a hot knife cutting through butter. One, two, three, four… Soon, it even broke through the tenth level shackles and charged towards the domains in all directions. Seeing this, the expression of the Void Mantis changed drastically and revealed an excited expression.

“You guys are really not bad.”

“Among the opponents of the same level I’ve seen, I’m willing to call you the strongest!!”

After the Void Mantis sensed the power of this attack, it said in a hoarse voice of admiration. However, it still believed in its strength more. With a wave of its two blades, the entire spatial domain distorted, turning into an invisible hand that picked up the spatial power that was trembling in all directions like a black hole!!

Boom!!!

An unprecedented collision triggered another violent shock wave that could collapse space. This time, not only was Eleven swept into the rebound again, but even the Void Mantis itself was swept into the rebound. Large and small cracks instantly appeared in the entire spatial domain and began to sway.

However, it still didn’t shatter!

In the smoke, the Void Mantis floated in the air covered in injuries.

As for Eleven, its body had once again been overdrawn to the limit. It automatically started to shrink from its enlarged state and fell. Its eyes slowly closed. Although due to the Undying Golden Body, the backlash just now successfully gave it a trace of life again, but in terms of willpower and potential, it was no longer enough to support it to erupt again with Impregnable.

In the end, the proficiency of the Undying Golden Body and Impregnable was too low at the moment and couldn’t be used repeatedly.

Seeing this, the Void Mantis gritted its teeth.

Shi Yu, who was outside the domain, had a serious expression.

“You lost,” the Void Mantis said.

“What you said… is still early to decide.”

“We’ll be the ones winning.” Shi Yu didn’t expect the Void Mantis to be able to withstand two eruptions that exceeded the limit. However, they had also deduced this situation. They had already thought about it. If the two eruptions still couldn’t defeat the Void Mantis, what should they do next?

“Huh?” Shi Yu’s words stunned the Void Mantis, whose body was also at its limit. It didn’t feel good from the confrontation just now, but at this moment, it didn’t understand what Shi Yu’s words meant.

Boom!!!

In the next moment.

The Void Mantis’s gaze exploded.

Because in the direction Eleven fell, it suddenly erupted again. An incomparable energy wave was a very terrifying aura!!

After the second eruption, Eleven directly shrank to its normal state, and its body urgently entered the Absolute Sleep segment. Of course, due to the squeezing of potential by skills like Impregnable, the effect of Absolute Sleep was greatly reduced, and it was not enough to recover too much of Eleven’s physical fitness. However, this didn’t stop the skill from matching the effect before the Undying Golden Body, allowing Eleven to barely control its body again.

At this point, Eleven and Shi Yu were definitely unwilling to admit defeat and leave directly. At this moment, be it in terms of potential, willpower, or physique, Eleven had already reached the limit and couldn’t continue fighting. However, for the sake of victory, they actually still had a trump card they could use. This was also a power that Eleven could control.

Eleven directly summoned the sealed power of the Demon God in the deepest part of the source of physical strength.

Although this power of meteorite wasn’t enough for it to complete its evolution or awaken new skills, at this critical moment, it was the only power Eleven could borrow. It couldn’t be fused, so it could be used as a one-time consumable. Just like the natural energy it absorbed, just like Buggy borrowing the power of its equipment!