Chapter 518 - Invincible Below Overlord (2)

On the contrary, increasing the strength of the Beast Taming Space and allowing him to contract an overlord above his level was the most important thing.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“The seventh…”

Although in Shi Yu’s current ruins space, apart from the mechanical Tyrant Dragon at the start, there was another pile of mechanical phantom beasts that had been newly developed, Shi Yu had no intention of contracting them because there was no need.

For example, Eleven was an initial pet. Needless to say, it was also the strongest battle power in the team. It was indispensable.

As for Buggy, it was an all-purpose pet. Its weather and venue skills could be used everywhere. It could match anyone and was indispensable.

Baby Ginseng and additional points complemented each other and were irreplaceable. It was the team’s healer and backup ingredient.

Chi Tong’s possession skill concerned Shi Yu’s safety and battle power. It was also indispensable.

Susu was the cleansing hand of the team when facing some negative buffs, otherwise Shi Yu might be like Emperor Wu and encounter an enemy like Yun An, corrupting him. Apart from that, its cleansing power could also reduce the burden of other pets learning super skills.

If it went smoothly, when it developed the “fusion strategy”, it would be the key core to integrate the strength of the entire team. Shi Yu’s team also needed such a core with the strongest brain to plan for every member to become stronger.

If Shi Yu really planned to contract a seventh pet, its positioning and ability would definitely be irreplaceable.

Even if it was a pet that he didn’t contract, they had to have their own shining points.

Apart from those mechanical phantom beasts that he could choose, Shi Yu still had a Space Beast Egg in his hand. Shi Yu hoped that it could give him some surprises when the time came.

“Contract completed.”

“Next, the first mission goal is to increase the strength of the entire team.”

After the contract was completed, Ling took the initiative to say excitedly.

It was very chill now.

Because the research of the mechanical phantom beast was almost over.

Be it the machine that could rely on special energy to revive the fossil phantom without the help of Buggy and Shi Yu, or the stable planting method of the special fruit that turned the mechanical phantom into a life form, it had already researched it for more than a month.

None of this was difficult for Ling, who had max-level intelligence.

However, Ling couldn’t fuse with the Mythical Phantom and modify itself into a super machine suitable for the entire team’s strength with his current ability.

In Ling’s analysis, it might have to wait until its monarch level and various abilities improved and it absorbed higher-level mechanical theory knowledge.

After the Mechanical Conference, after using the rewarded materials to upgrade itself and absorbing the mechanical theory knowledge of the fourth index, it could continue to carry out higher-level research.

At the moment, Ling could only return to being Shi Yu’s little assistant.

“It’s time to crazily add some super skills.”

Shi Yu also sighed with emotion after looking at the pets like the Mechanical Armored Dragon, Mechanical Sword Dragon, and Mechanical Winged Dragon accompanying the Mechanical Tyrant Dragon in the backyard of the Mechanical Research Institute.

There was still more than half a month until the Mechanical Conference. If there was still a little worry previously, it was completely stable now.

Next, he just had to get through this half a month as soon as possible.

As for Shi Yu, he decisively chose to use the additional points of super skills to pass the time.

The Mechanical Conference was stable, but the World Tournament had yet to stabilize. It was time to sprint!

“Wuuuu ~ !!!”

Eleven and the others, who had been following beside Shi Yu and Ling the whole time, shouted excitedly as Shi Yu and Ling completed the contract.

Increase points, increase points!!!

…

Before adding some super skills, Shi Yu checked the proficiency of all the pets’ super skills.

Eleven:

Inner Power, Bean Soldier, Lightning Rod, Space Quake, Impregnable, Undying Golden Body. All six skills were “Proficient”.

Among them, Inner Power and Bean Soldiers were considered (Proficient+1), close to expert level, but they hadn’t reached expert level anyway, so there weren’t too many qualitative changes.

This was already very good.

Even Eleven, who had learned Impregnable and Undying Golden Body after fighting the Void Mantis every day for the past month and had to explode twice every day, forcefully raised its proficiency.

Buggy:

The Imagination Domain and the Dragon of Imagination were both expert level.

However, they were only at the expert level.

Because there were fewer skills and the opportunities were not bad, Buggy’s super skill proficiency was higher than Eleven.

The Dragon of Imagination relied on visualizing the Dragon God Statue to quickly improve. This was no different from using legendary resources to level up.

The Imagination Domain was similar. This Space Emperor Ruins was specially created by the Space Emperor for the Void Mantis to cultivate. It was very suitable for spatial pets to cultivate. Buggy also took the opportunity to freeload.

In addition, after fighting the Void Mantis for a month, various illusions were often cracked by the Void Mantis. Buggy also racked its brains to increase the level of the Imagination Domain, but unfortunately, at this level, it was still not its match.

Baby Ginseng:

Moon Explosion, proficient level, source of life, and plant control were all close to expert level. They were considered (Proficient+1). Because they used it often and obtained the lead of low-level skills, their proficiency was not bad, but the time mark was still at entry level.

This skill was very difficult to train. It had been a long time since the last time it finished using the time mark. Every time Baby Ginseng rested, it would take the time to condense a new one. But even so, it had yet to condense a complete one.