Chapter 511 - Shocking Dong Huang (4)

The three trending topics regarding the Sequence Battle competition shook the entire Dong Huang.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

First, Zou Tianwang, who was ranked tenth in the Sequence, fell to eleven.

As expected of a celeb. Zou Yun wasn’t the only one who fell in the rankings today, but he was the only one who was singled out.

Around this topic, countless Internet battles began.

Heavenly King Zou reluctantly accepted all the attention.

Second, Sequence 7 Lu Qingyi vs Sequence 5 Ji Feng.

With the victory of the genius archeologist, the vice president of the archeological Association, Lu Qingyi, this peak battle that happened at the Myriad Mountain in Kong ended.

The results of this battle were announced, and Dong Huang’s Beast Taming Domain trembled.

Countless female Beast Tamers were extremely excited, because this way, there would be two women in the top five of the Sequence.

Apart from Lu Qingyi, in the top five of the Sequence, there was also a female legendary Beast Tamer, Divine Bell, who was ranked second. She was a descendant of a mechanical legend, but this divine bell was extremely mysterious. It was said that as a descendant of a mechanical legend, she wasn’t a Mechanic. The outside world knew very little about her.

Therefore, Lu Qingyi defeated Ji Feng, and it was a revenge battle with her telepathy talent that defeated a top-notch battle talent. In addition, Lu Qingyi’s looks were quite high, instantly making Lu Qingyi the idol of many female Beast Tamers and a national goddess.

However, Lu Qingyi, who was fifth in the Sequence, didn’t stay for more than a few minutes. Then, more shocking news about Dong Huang’s Beast Taming Domain appeared.

The national champion, Shi Yu, who was originally Sequence 11 and had already advanced to the top of the Sequence at an astonishing speed, instantly replaced Lu Qingyi as Sequence 5, shocking the entire Dong Huang.

“How is this possible? That Shi Yu…”

Everyone in Dong Huang was shocked.

At the venue of the Ancient Capital vocation assessment.

After the final battle ended, after the shocking dark horse from Wu Ling City, An Chang, won the championship, what exploded everyone was not the announcement of the champion, but the top of a trending news.

“Genius archeologist, national champion Shi Yu cracked the Space Emperor Ruins and defeated one of the Space Emperor’s secondary pets!”

“The Kong Capital descended and was established in the Space Emperor Ruins hundreds of years ago. The guardian is a secondary pet cultivated by the legendary Beast Tamer, the Space Emperor. It’s said to be an invincible monarch-level Void Mantis. In just a week, dozens of veteran top-notch masters challenged. Ji Feng, Lu Qingyi, Zou Yun, Ning Tianming, and Tong Yan in the top ten also challenged one after another, but they were all defeated.”

“Until Sequence 11 Shi Yu challenged the ruins and successfully defeated the Void Mantis, only then was the Space Emperor Ruins was cracked.”

There was more detailed content in the report.

Countless Beast Tamers’ jaws fell.

At the scene of the Ancient Capital vocation assessment, An Chang browsed the news in shock. The little bit of pride he had just obtained as a professional top scholar immediately disappeared.

“A battle that crossed time? Shi Yu vs Emperor Kong? This kid actually f*cking did this?!”

Master Qu Jie, who was about to be promoted, widened his eyes. He couldn’t understand the speed at which Shi Yu became stronger. He looked at An Chang below. After all, a year ago, Shi Yu was just standing there. He was a newbie who had just stepped into the professional field.

The announcement of this news made Shi Yu’s fifth place in the Sequence become true to its name.

After all, he had defeated the Space Emperor’s pet. Although it was only a secondary pet left behind to protect the ruins, that was also cultivated by a legendary Beast Tamer. Moreover, the battle results of this pet were incomparable. From the veteran top-notch Beast Tamer of Dong Huang to the young Lu Qingyi and Ji Feng in the top ten of the Sequence, no one could defeat it.

In this situation, it was actually the ruins Shi Yu cleared?

If the concept of the Space Emperor’s secondary pet was too far away from people, then another trending topic made everyone numb.

In a private mechanical research institute in the capital.

Gao Xuan, who was preparing for the Mechanical Conference and was currently ranked in the top 20, widened his eyes and looked at the trending topic in front of him.

“The battle results of Sequence five Shi Yu are announced. Three months ago, he assassinated two overlords and retreated unscathed!”

A master with a level-five space and a telepathy talent had killed an overlord at a higher level. As soon as this battle result was announced, Dong Huang’s Beast Taming Domain erupted again.

Holy shit.

Even some new legends rarely had such battle results. Although it was an assassination and not a frontal attack, it had to be known that Shi Yu was only 20 years old and a level-five Beast Tamer.

In various places in the country, others were shocked as well, such as Legend Xia, Xia Qingwei’s father, Legend Xia, and Yin Zhengfan’s father, Legend Yin. These legends with overlord battle power and legends who were more familiar with Shi Yu were shocked to the extreme when they saw Shi Yu’s battle results.

Initially, many people were a little stunned by Shi Yu’s sudden increase to fifth place in the Sequence. But at this moment, not only did they not recover from the shock, they were even more stunned. They were stunned from many angles.

“Three months ago, at that time… Didn’t the National League not begin yet?” Gao Xuan was extremely shocked. He actually had the ability to kill overlords, but that was with the help of a forbidden weapon, not his own strength. However, Shi Yu actually had the ability to assassinate overlords before defeating him? How exactly did he do it…

Ping Cheng.

Inside the Bamboo Stone Dojo…

Senior Panda Lin Xiuzhu, Hall Master Lin Hongnian, President Feng, White Brook, and the other members of the Bai family who had come to Ping Cheng to discuss the Iron-eating Beast Corps watched the news and looked at each other in the conference room.

“That guy is even more powerful than Senior Lu?” White Brook was stunned.

“Well…” Lin Xiuzhu suddenly felt that the property price of Dong Huang might not even increase as quickly as the iron-eating beast.

Demon Capital.

Half a month after the Ming Hua exchange team arrived at Dong Huang, they had already planned to leave.

Be it Ming Hua’s legend or the young world competition contestants, they also noticed the change in the sequence ranking and cursed.

What were they doing earlier? They should have updated this monster’s ranking long ago. He killed the overlord three months ago, but in the end, it was more than 20th place? What a joke. The update was too slow. Wasn’t this a scam!

Sequence rank five…

On this day, Shi Yu obtained a title because of his valiant battle results and shocking advancement speed.

Although it wasn’t officially recognized and was only publicized on the Internet, its spread was not inferior to Zou Yun’s reputation as a heavenly king.

[Shi Yu, the number one person below the legends of Dong Huang.]

This time, with Shi Yu’s many battle results, his name could be said to be known to everyone in the Beast Taming Domain.

At the same time, Kong, Myriad Mountain.

After resting for a day, Shi Yu looked at the reopened Space Emperor Ruins.

As the ruins opened, he entered directly.

Inside, the Void Mantis yawned.

In the ruins, the Void Mantis and Shi Yu stared at each other.

“Hehe.” Shi Yu chuckled.

The Void Mantis: “Huh???”

“Senior.”

“This ruin… Can I call a few more people in to cultivate together?”

The Void Mantis was stunned and snorted. “You’re really greedy, but up to you. This ruin was specially modified by Master. It’s very suitable for meditation, but as the number of people increases, the efficiency of meditation will be divided equally. The apple is only that big. If two people eat it, it’ll be half for each person. If you don’t mind, I don’t mind.”

“Ah, this… Forget it then.” Shi Yu had a headache.

“Then, Senior, what are your plans next? Are you still in the ruins or do you plan to go out and take a look? Why don’t I watch the ruins for you? Don’t worry, I definitely won’t break it,” Shi Yu said seriously.

“Huh??” The Void Mantis suspected that this guy was thinking about its ruins.

“I want to break through to the overlord level here first. If I don’t suppress my level, it’s just a matter of practicing my skills again. At that time, I’ll leave. But even if I leave, I still have to take the ruins with me. Don’t even think about it.” The Void Mantis snorted. “In other words, you can only meditate here only when I’m still cultivating here before I break through to the overlord level.”

“This is because you’ve inherited your master’s pet egg.”

“That’s not bad either!” Shi Yu’s eyes lit up. “Senior, how about letting my pet be your skill sparring partner? This way, the skill proficiency might increase faster. They’re all pretty strong.”

Sigh, he would be meditating for the next period of time. Since he was free, why not let this ridiculously strong Void Mantis be Eleven and the others’ sparring partner? Then, he could find an opportunity to touch a few spatial skills…