Chapter 513 - Breaking Through To Level 6 (2)

Then, what would happen to the skill index when he reached level six?

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

With a bunch of anticipation, even Shi Yu, who couldn’t stay still, decided to forcefully stay in for another two months and break through to the next level.

…

Shi Yu started cultivating.

Eleven, Buggy, Chi Tong, Baby Ginseng, and Susu were also occasionally released by Shi Yu.

As for Ling, it still had to continue preparing for the Mechanical Conference.

At this moment, the Void Mantis also saw the pile of sparring partners Shi Yu mentioned.

Apart from Eleven, Buggy and the others fought the Void Mantis one by one.

In the end, it was very tragic.

If all of them lost, there was no need to think about Susu. It belonged to the side that was insta-killed in one move. Even if it converted the time power stored in the Infinite Devouring Space, it was still not a match for the agile Void Mantis.

Chi Tong could fight the Void Mantis for a while with all its might, but the strongest speed in the team that Chi Tong was proud of had no advantage against the Void Mantis at all. It was quickly defeated.

Baby Ginseng was even worse. Its speed was too slow and its defense was too weak. The Void Mantis countered Baby Ginseng even more than Eleven. If Baby Ginseng was given a time mark, it was confident that it could shatter the Void Mantis like Eleven under the restriction of the venue.

Unfortunately, there were no time marks for it to use.

Therefore, like Susu, it would be quickly shattered. Even if it used the Time Fruit and temporarily stepped into the overlord level, its speed and defense were still suppressed by the Void Mantis. Only its destructive power could win, but the problem was that its Anti-Buggy Energy Fruit was not very effective against the Void Mantis at all.

Another reason was that there was no ground in this ruin at all. There was void power everywhere. It was considered the home ground of the Void Mantis, so it restricted Baby Ginseng’s Earth Escape. Otherwise, both parties might be able to fight longer.

In terms of Buggy, it also didn’t gain any benefits. Its Imagination Domain was directly covered by the Demonic Domain. The illusions it imagined, such as the Dragon of Imagination’s body, could directly be cleverly broken down under the near perfect-level spatial control of the Void Mantis. There was no other way. It was a skill counter.

After they finished fighting the Void Mantis, Buggy and the others understood how powerful the opponent Eleven defeated was. Only then did they understand how strong the current leader had become.

However, the Void Mantis also gave Buggy and the others affirmation. In terms of individual strength, although Shi Yu’s other pets were inferior to it, among the opponents it had encountered in the past few days, their strength could also be ranked at the top.

Shi Yu was a level-five Beast Tamer. To be able to contract so many strong pets, the Void Mantis felt that it was ridiculous. It felt that the princes and princesses of the Space Emperor were trash in front of Shi Yu.

Shi Yu was happy to see this situation.

He was just worried that there was nothing for his pets to do… But the Void Mantis, this excellent sparring partner, appeared.

It didn’t matter if they couldn’t defeat them now. After all, Eleven and the others’ basic energy levels were inferior to the other party, and their skill proficiency was inferior to the other party. It would be strange if they could defeat it.

Even Eleven barely won with extremely outstanding accompanying moves and attributes.

At this moment, the situation of the Void Mantis could be roughly seen:

[Race Skill]:

Super level: Space Control (Expert+11), Demonic Domain (Expert+11), Space Slash (Expert+11)…

As for Eleven and the others, their super skills were all entry-level and proficient. The highest was only at expert level. It was normal that they couldn’t defeat it.

But it was precisely this kind of opponent he couldn’t defeat that could better train some of the abilities of these pets.

For example, teamwork.

If Susu couldn’t defeat it alone, Chi Tong would possess Susu and fight it together.

If Buggy couldn’t defeat it alone, Buggy and Baby Ginseng would fight together.

Or the four of them together. This way, the Void Mantis would feel more pressure to train its skills better…

“Wuu… (You guys have no honor!)” The Void Mantis was exasperated.

…

Unlike the situation of being completely locked in a small black room in the ruins of Emperor Wu, Shi Yu could still go out to take a breather while cultivating in the Space Emperor Ruins.

However, generally speaking, there were only a few things for him to do when he went out for a breather.

From the Mechanic class of Ancient Capital University, he took mechanical materials for Ling to experiment with. From Grandma Li, he took various different ancient fossils for Ling to experiment with.

Apart from that, he often bought some food and nutritional supplements for Eleven and the others. Of course, it was also for himself to eat.

Of course, the most satisfying thing Shi Yu experienced during the process of constantly coming out was still Eleven’s legendary resources being approved.

This was a legendary resource that Shi Yu had applied for after becoming a member of the first bureau and helping the gem cat break through to the totem level.

Back then, Shi Yu’s request was that it was best if metal-element strengthening legendary resources could increase the pet’s life force and energy value.

He had planned to use it as a reward for Eleven’s first place in the team competition. Now, it had finally arrived.

“This is Aurora Magnetic Gold.” Principal Feng handed the sealed level-nine legendary metal resource to Shi Yu and said.

“Aurora Magnetic Gold?” Shi Yu said. “It sounds like metal and lightning?”

“Yes, I couldn’t find the legendary resources to strengthen life and energy with pure gold. However, I found this. If it’s for the Iron-eating Beast, this metal might be more suitable for your Eleven.”

“The Aurora Magnetic Gold is a metal that contains strong lightning power born from the combination of the solar wind and the blue planet’s magnetic field.”