Chapter 512 - Breaking Through To Level (1)

“Training partner?”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

At this moment, when it heard Shi Yu say that he wanted its pet to be its sparring partner, the Void Mantis was stunned for a moment before revealing an “you’re very smart” expression.

“It’s not impossible.”

Training the proficiency of super skills in battle was indeed faster than thinking about it himself.

“Right?” Shi Yu smiled warmly.

Training partners were good.

Shi Yu judged that apart from Eleven, the other pets in the team couldn’t defeat this Void Mantis.

Even if Eleven fought again, the chances of defeating this Void Mantis were not high.

After all, the other party already knew Eleven’s battle style. Moreover, Shi Yu couldn’t let Eleven use the power of the Demon God anymore.

The flexibility of this Void Mantis far exceeded any pet of Shi Yu. It was impossible to counter.

Therefore, with such an invincible pet of the same level as a sparring partner for Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong, and Susu, one could imagine how much their battle experience would increase after a period of time.

In short, as long as they finished eating this Void Mantis, Shi Yu and the others wouldn’t be afraid of similar spatial enemies in the future.

“Well, I’ll open an independent cultivation space for you first.”

After the Void Mantis nodded, it directly waved at the air, and a spatial door appeared.

The Space Emperor Ruins was empty, like an empty starry sky.

Whether it was here or the cultivation room reopened by the Void Mantis for Shi Yu, it was all the same.

“Well…” Seeing this, Shi Yu interrupted and said,” Senior, can I move in some things, such as flowers and plants? I’ll build a house and get some beds and chairs. ”

How could he cultivate in this empty space? Even if the cultivation efficiency was high, the environment was too poor.

If he didn’t let Baby Ginseng create some plants that emitted a sweet aura, didn’t let Susu create a cleansing stream, and didn’t let Buggy show some soft beds, Shi Yu really suspected that he couldn’t stay here. This was no different from being locked in a small black room.

“Up to you. Humans are so troublesome,” the Void Mantis muttered.

Unlike it, which felt that this place was pretty good. The void energy that filled the space could be eaten, drunk, or used in battle. The darkness also made it very comfortable.

Even the nutritional fruits handed over by Baby Ginseng were inferior to the void power here in the eyes of the Void Mantis.

After all, it was the pet of the Space Emperor. It had seen the world and was more stable than some overlords and totems.

“Then I’ll go fix it first.” Shi Yu said with an excited heart and trembling hands.

Union calendar, year 179, January 10.

After Shi Yu ascended to fifth place in the Sequence and was known as the number one person below the legend of Dong Huang, he had already planned to settle down in the Myriad Mountain in Kong.

The Space Emperor Ruins was indeed not bad.

Shi Yu meditated here for a moment and felt that it was several times more efficient than meditating in his ruins space.

This ruins space wasn’t modified with any Beast Taming Space.

According to the Void Mantis, it was purely an alternate space created by the Space Emperor with a transcendent spatial skill after using its talent to strengthen its top-notch totem battle pet.

Then, after a long time of modification, it became a special space suitable for spatial cultivation.

Not only was this place suitable for human Beast Tamers to cultivate, but it was also suitable for spatial pets to cultivate. It was a reward from the Space Emperor to the Void Mantis.

It could also be said to be a salary for the Void Mantis.

Shi Yu couldn’t help but sigh. Such a space wasn’t inferior to legendary spatial resources. Its value even exceeded it.

Emperor Kong had casually given it to a secondary pet. If the current netizens knew, they would definitely spam comments like ‘I want to be Emperor Kong’s pet'”…

Shi Yu had never felt that his cultivation speed was this fast in the already modified personal cultivation venue.

In addition, he still had a cultivation resource, the Space Crystal…

Shi Yu judged that he had a high chance of cultivating to level six before the Mechanical Conference.

His heart was excited again, and his hands were trembling.

The increase in the level of the Beast Tamer was the most exciting moment for every Beast Tamer.

Apart from affecting the number and strength of the contracted pets, it also affected the Beast Tamer’s physique, lifespan, and Beast Taming Talent.

It could be said that in the hands of a level-six strengthening-type Beast Tamer, even a commander-level pet could defeat wild monarch-level ferocious beasts.

Although Shi Yu had the gift of telepathy and the upgrade of the Beast Taming Talent, which at most made the distance of the telepathy increase, the increase in the number of targets of telepathy at the same time did not increase his battle strength much.

However, Shi Yu wasn’t looking forward to this in the first place. He was looking forward to his physique breaking through the upper limit. At that time, he could add points to super skills more happily. At the same time, by adding points, his physique could also reach a new limit.

At that time, the effect of Chi Tong possessing his full-body fusion strategy would also be stronger. Now, they could all use a sword that threatened ordinary overlords. When he broke through, the sword that was full-body fusion might even make a top-notch overlord like the Sky Penetrating Whale afraid.

Most importantly, Shi Yu had two talents. Although Shi Yu had the experience of his predecessors and knew what the changes in every level of telepathy were, he didn’t know the changes in the skill index.

Shi Yu realized that when his Beast Taming level increased, the skill index would also increase like other Beast Taming Talents.

For example, when he broke through to level four, the skill index unlocked the general teaching method of low-level skills. When he broke through to level five, the Beast Taming index unlocked the teaching of super skills and the risk reminder of teaching.