Chapter 510 - Shocking Dong Huang (3)

“If possible, I might as well announce my battle results of killing two overlords in the Chaotic Sea and count it in. I’ll directly jump to fifth place. After a period of time, I feel that I shouldn’t be afraid of other people’s challenges.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Good lord, you wish.” Principal Feng was stunned.

Eleven’s legendary resources, in addition to the legendary resources of the Sequence ranking, and the future Blue Sea Sprite Reincarnation breaking through to overlord… Shi Yu definitely wouldn’t give up the opportunity to apply for legendary resources. Shi Yu had his eyes on the Dong Huang legendary resource bank!

“But…” Principal Feng pondered for a moment and felt that it didn’t seem impossible. He said,” I’ll fight for you. ”

“Thank you, Grandpa. I want time-element.” Shi Yu was filled with anticipation.

“Bullshit, how is that possible!!” Principal Feng was angry.

“Then wood and light elements… They’re all passable…”

He had Eleven’s legendary resources, Buggy’s, Chi Tong’s, Susu’s, and definitely Susu’s. He thought of a way from the Mechanical Conference. If the Sequence ranking could be done, he would give it to Baby Ginseng.

This way, all the legendary resources were achieved!

Next, as long as they found an opportunity to temper their will into the overlord will and pull the super skill situation to perfection, they could undergo an invincible breakthrough. They would strive to make every one of them not inferior to the Void Mantis.

At the thought of having several top-notch overlords by his side soon, Shi Yu was filled with happiness.

“Of course, if there are legendary spatial cultivation resources, the kind for Beast Tamers to use, that’s fine too…” Shi Yu added.

….

Shi Yu and Principal Feng calculated Dong Huang’s legendary resources.

Shi Yu also took a pile of top-notch supplements for Eleven and Baby Ginseng from the preparation area of the Space Emperor Ruins.

After that, Principal Feng suddenly realized something and said, “By the way, Qingyi seems to have made a battle appointment with Ji Feng…”

After being stunned, Shi Yu suddenly thought of this.

Immediately, the two had strange expressions.

Just now, he was still planning to apply for legendary resources in advance through Sequence rank five.

But if Lu Qingyi defeated Ji Feng, wouldn’t the fifth place be Lu Qingyi’s?

At that time, Shi Yu would not be fighting Ji Feng, but Lu Qingyi.

Shi Yu immediately had an innocent expression…

“It can’t be that scammy…”

Soon after, in the Myriad Mountain, Ji Feng and Lu Qingyi indeed started a battle.

Principal Feng and Shi Yu ran over to be spectators.

Heavenly King Zou and the others stayed behind to watch this battle.

The battle between the fifth and seventh ranks was still very attractive.

Shi Yu, Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong, Susu, Ling, and the entire Shi Yu team stood at the top of the mountain and quietly watched below.

Boom!!!

On Ji Feng’s side, there were six pets proficient in controlling natural power. The three overlord races and the three quasi overlord races all had the ability to injure overlords under his meteorological affinity.

With the six of them working together, forget about temporarily resisting an overlord, they could even suppress ordinary overlords.

Ji Feng indeed had the battle record of using the natural advantage to kill overlords.

Ordinary overlords referred to ordinary overlord-level creatures with about 50 million energy points, low levels of natural power cultivation, and transcendent racial skills that didn’t exceed perfect proficiency. For example, the Snake Lord and Earth Demon Ape Shi Yu encountered were all like this.

Invincible overlords like the Dragon Palace City’s Sky Penetrating Whale, a famous top-notch overlord in the East Sea overlord circle, and the Tyrant Sea Legend’s mutated Leviathan that could fight against totems naturally weren’t included.

On Lu Qingyi’s side, there were five. Wind Demon Lion, Green Phoenix Bird, Imperial Concubine Flower, Mermaid Princess, and Hurricane Demon who had mastered the perfect-level teaching skill “Mythical Revival”. Each of them didn’t have high basic energy, but through the Mythical Revival skill, they could reach more than 20 million energy points, equivalent to half an overlord.

In addition, although Lu Qingyi’s new contracted Courtyard Sprite didn’t have a Mythical Revival, it had absorbed half of the legendary undead resources of Ancient Capital University. Its strength wasn’t much inferior to the other few. Under the possession of its natural spirit, the other few pets’ already very strong strength increased again.

After the Wind Demon Lion and the Green Spirit Wind Bird were cultivated and evolved by Lu Qingyi, her lineup was also three overlord races, three quasi overlord races.

It could be said that apart from the four who had already become legends, the two of them almost represented the strongest battle power of the younger generation of Dong Huang. They were the pillars of Dong Huang’s legendary battle power in the next few decades.

The peak battle between the two directly made the gazes of Zou Yun and the others solemn to the extreme, feeling the difference.

“Wuu.” “Wuu.” “Yi.” “Mi.” “Ning.” “So impressive…” Shi Yu and the others were also in deep thought.

If it was a team battle, these two people were indeed very scary.

“It’s not a big problem.” Shi Yu took a deep breath. Apart from Eleven, it was indeed not easy for his other pets to deal with the other main forces of the other party alone. However, due to the existence of the Time Fruit and Eleven’s current overwhelming strength, it was not impossible to win a team battle. It was just very difficult, but this situation wouldn’t be long.

Next, when he broke through to level six and Eleven and the others’ super skill proficiency increased, he would really be invincible below the legendary level.

Before that, for the sake of legendary resources, he would take a seat at fifth place first…

…

The next day.