Chapter 519 - Invincible Below Overlord (3)

If he wanted to condense a new one, he probably could only rely on adding points next.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Chi Tong:

Sun Flame, proficient level close to expert level, considered (Proficient+1).

The Interlocking Sword and Spirit Release were both expert level. Moreover, they were both at the intermediate level of expert level. It wasn’t as simple as just becoming expert level.

Among them, the reason why the skill proficiency of the Interlocking Sword suddenly increased was because Chi Tong used the “Gemini Silver Armor” as a resource. With the help of its coordination, it quickly pulled up the proficiency of the Interlocking Sword.

As for Spirit Release, it was naturally because it had swallowed a level-eight Death Spirit Treasure Bead.

Susu:

The Wave Cannon and Holy Water Ring were both proficient level, mainly because it controlled expert level water elemental control. Under the lead of this skill, it was easier to train other water-type skills.

As for Infinite Devour, according to the current spatial volume and digestion speed, it should also be at the expert level after absorbing so many top-grade materials.

Even if Shi Yu rarely added any super skills to his pets, under the lead of various opportunities, their own training, and low-level skills… Their super skill proficiency was not low.

Next, Shi Yu planned to add points to every super skill of every pet with the standard of “expert level”.

He would ignore skills above expert level for the time being.

However, skills below expert level would all at least reach expert level.

After all, from entry level to proficiency, one only needed to add points once to be proficient. As long as one added points twice, the skill would undergo a qualitative change faster.

Apart from the super skills that needed to be improved, Shi Yu still had a few super skills that he had yet to teach.

For example, Buggy’s final absorption, spatial control, anti-magic domain, Ling’s Divine Net, turning misfortune into luck, or Susu’s Heavenly Frost Cold Energy…

Shi Yu still successfully replicated the Void Mantis’s skill.

However, he only replicated spatial control and the anti-magic domain.

In terms of low-level spatial skills, there was nothing new about the Void Mantis. It didn’t increase Buggy much.

The four super spatial skills, Space Distortion and Space Slash, were actually included in Space Control. Space Control could also achieve a similar effect. Although the effect was definitely inferior to those two skills under the same proficiency, it was better in all aspects. Shi Yu felt that with limited energy, it was enough to just teach Space Control.

After learning spatial control, spatial blades, spatial cutting, and spatial distortion, it could be used. Its status was equivalent to plant control, water elemental control, and wind elemental control. It was a core skill of a certain type. It contained a lot of things, so learning it was definitely not wrong. If the single effect was not enough, the proficiency would make up for it.

Of course, the skill of the Anti-Demon Domain definitely had to be replicated. In a battle above the overlord level, the cultivation level of the natural power was important. If Buggy could use the Anti-Demon Domain, Shi Yu’s tactical choice would have more performance.

At that time, the combination skill of the Imagination Domain and the Anti-Demon Domain would create a suitable weather and venue to support his teammates. On the other hand, he would use the Anti-Demon Domain to restrict the enemy’s control over natural energy and his own energy. It was a perfect venue!

After the inspection was completed, Shi Yu began the first round of adding points after breaking through to level six. He naturally chose Eleven as the first target to add points.

“Don’t worry, next, according to the order of the team’s internal competition ranking, I’ll give you various super skills to expert level first.”

Shi Yu smiled and looked at the eager pets. “I’ll also teach you new skills during this period.”

“Wuuu!!” Eleven was pleasantly surprised.

Buggy and Baby Ginseng also heaved a sigh of relief. Then, they, who were ranked second, suddenly looked at each other. Who was number two?

Chi Tong and Susu chose to lie flat with watery eyes. Sigh, let’s wait. Wu wu, we have to be at the front of the next team competition!

The sisters would never admit defeat!

Ling: Team competition…

“Doing Eleven first is still very necessary,” Shi Yu said with a smile.

Eleven had a mid-level will, so its consumption was greater and more representative. Moreover, it had successfully added points once. The success rate of adding points would be higher than other pets, and it was very suitable to experiment with the consumption after breaking through.

At the same time, he also let the other pets prepare more. Just because their mid-level eleven willpower could succeed didn’t mean that they could succeed too. It was never wrong to be more prepared.

“Alright, you guys come and help first…”

“I’ll start now…”

It was still the same thing as when he taught the Undying Golden Body…

Eleven, who had the Frost Purification Suit on its body and the Inner Power skill, was directly added to the expert level by Shi Yu.

“Wu wu wu wu wu…”

Eleven was still screaming in pain like before.

As for Shi Yu, he was also very miserable, but not as miserable as the last time he taught Eleven new skills.

After breaking through, the side effect was similar to the first time he taught Susu super skills. Although it was also very miserable, and Baby Ginseng alone still couldn’t heal it, it was already very good. After all, adding points to mid-level willpower consumed more energy than adding points to overlord willpower.

“It still doesn’t work…”

“However… the effect of the new body absorbing nutritional supplements is better, and the recovery is better. Cough, cough…”

“Damn it, I still have to buy supplements.”

Shi Yu lay weakly on the ground.

After adding points once, Shi Yu was directly persuaded to stop. He crawled and rolled out of the ruins space, running outside to buy various supplements.

Half a month ago, the Void Mantis stopped fighting Buggy and the others. It began seclusion training, trying to break through the bottleneck of expert spatial control to perfect spatial control.