Chapter 514 - Breaking Through To Level 6 (3)

“Its effect is to allow the metal-element or thunder-element pets it carries to be affected by a special magnetic field to strengthen their physiques. It’s similar to lightning tempering. When their physiques increase, it naturally increases their vitality and energy value. It can be considered to have satisfied your requirements.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

When Shi Yu heard that, he smiled bitterly.

“From the looks of it, you’re not very satisfied??” Principal Feng was stunned.

“Not really,” Shi Yu said. “This… is very good.”

Eleven’s physique was already strong enough, so his idea was to find a metal-element legendary resource that specialized in strengthening vitality and energy value to increase Eleven’s shortcomings. This way, the strengthening effect would be more obvious. In the end, this other one was another one that strengthened the physique…

The increase in physique would indeed lead to an increase in vitality and energy, but in comparison, the effect was definitely not as good as a single strengthening. However, when Shi Yu heard that, he felt that it was not bad. After all, if one could increase physique, life force, and energy, it was indeed more precious than a legendary resource that increased life and energy alone.

The association didn’t deceive him. They specially found the most suitable and rare resources for him.

Sigh… It looked like Eleven was going to continue strengthening its physique. It was already strong enough… If it used legendary resources to strengthen it again, when it broke through to the overlord level, would it be able to tear apart ferocious beasts of the same level without using skills?

“This is not bad.” Principal Feng chuckled and said, “Back then, not only was there one piece of Aurora Magnetic Gold, but eight. This is only one piece obtained by Dong Huang. Other factions have also obtained Aurora Magnetic Gold. Among them, some lucky pets even awakened new skills after using Aurora Magnetic Gold.”

“This is considered a legendary resource that has been studied more thoroughly. The cost-effective ratio is extremely high.”

“What skill?” Shi Yu asked curiously.

“Super thunder skill, special lightning, White Thunder.”

“Uh.” Shi Yu felt that this skill was a little familiar.

Back then, wasn’t the Rongguang kid who came to Ancient Capital University a user of the White Thunder Talent?

“Haha, of course, it’s just a casual mention. Your Eleven doesn’t have much affinity with the light element. Instead, it has affinity with the dark element. The chances of awakening the white lightning aren’t high.”

White lightning had the nature of inclusion, affinity, and compatibility with the light element… It could be said to be light lightning, and with Eleven, it made sense if it mastered dark lightning.

However, it didn’t matter to Shi Yu. It didn’t matter if it didn’t awaken nor if it awakened, he could make do with it. He could do anything.

“I understand,” Shi Yu said. “Then this one.”

The corners of Principal Feng’s mouth twitched. What did he mean by that? He made it sound a little unwilling. Damn it.

Old Feng even felt that he had never touched more legendary resources than Shi Yu in his life.

“By the way, Principal Feng, the Sequence ranking and the legendary resources of the Space Emperor Ruins… Can I apply for them?” Shi Yu still couldn’t forget the legendary resources of the ginseng baby.

“What do you think?” The corners of Principal Feng’s mouth continued to twitch. “Cough, cough, you have to let the association calm down. It’s just for Baby Ginseng, right? I’ll remember.”

“Don’t worry. In the next year, Dong Huang will start trade with various countries. At that time, it will use legendary resources that we don’t need to exchange for legendary resources that we can use. At that time, the selection will be more rich.”

“I understand, thank you.” Shi Yu laughed.

“Stop showing off… Hurry up and cultivate. Don’t waste time!”

….

After Principal Feng left, Shi Yu entered the Space Emperor Ruins to cultivate immediately.

Although the Aurora Magnetic Gold was a legendary resource promised to Eleven, Shi Yu still didn’t give it to it immediately.

Just like how the bone sword and the Green Sky Divine Dragon Dragon Ball weren’t given to Chi Tong and Buggy.

It wasn’t that he wanted Eleven to take first place in the team again, but now that it was used on Eleven, with the suppression of his taming space, using it would waste most of the effect. This was still alright. If there was a mistake and Eleven accidentally broke through, it would turn into Shi Yu’s Beast Taming Space collapsing and the Beast Tamer would become a cripple.

Lu Qingyi dared to let the Courtyard Sprite use it because Senior Lu’s spatial level was one level higher than Shi Yu’s. Moreover, the foundation of the Courtyard Sprite was much worse than Eleven’s. It was still very far from the overlord level, but with Eleven’s current foundation, even if its super racial skill proficiency didn’t meet the standard, it wasn’t much different from the overlord level standard.

Therefore, Shi Yu’s plan was to give it to Eleven after he broke through to level six.

At that time, it didn’t matter even if Eleven broke through to the overlord level.

Generally speaking, only the physiques of level-seven Beast Tamers could withstand contracting overlord-level pets.

However, Shi Yu was a special case. There was a precedent of a contract above his level.

In terms of physique, he had reached the limit of every level. Other Beast Tamers couldn’t compare.

In terms of recovery power, he had contracted a quasi-mythical ginseng baby, so it was also something other Beast Tamers couldn’t compare to. A contract above his level wouldn’t be too weak.

In terms of spatial stability, every level of space Shi Yu had previously was a perfect space. It had both area, strength, and environment. Its foundation was very good.

Apart from that, he also contracted a spatial worm. Contracting a spatial pet could also increase the stability of the Beast Taming Space.

If it were more ruthless, Chi Tong’s full-level possession could even change Shi Yu into a hybrid. However, Shi Yu didn’t have this thought for the time being.

Overall, it was indeed not impossible for Shi Yu to skip levels and contract.

Ordinary level-four Beast Tamers could only contract commander-level pets, but when he was level-three, he contracted a quasi overlord race, the commander-level Nine Li Battle Beast.