Chapter 516 - Breaking Through To Level 6 (5)

Shi Yu took a look and was first excited. Then, his expression darkened.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Son of a b*tch.

It was better to update a high-speed skill proficiency method.

A long time ago, Shi Yu had felt that the general teaching method of the skill index update was useless.

This was because many resources were things Shi Yu had never heard of.

What was the Undying God Metal? What was the Life Stone?

BUG skills like the Memory Water Bead and the Time Fruit also had universal teaching methods. For example, the universal teaching method of the Memory Water Bead was to let the pet absorb the Time Water Bead.

Shi Yu directly ignored it because he had never even heard of the Time Dew. The top-notch Feeding index of the third bureau didn’t have such a thing recorded either. There wasn’t even anything similar. The teaching materials made him feel lonely.

And the Undying God Metal and Life Stone were clearly the same.

Only those more common skills, such as deterrence, high-speed healing, and absolute sleep, could he understand.

However, Shi Yu quickly ignored this.

This was because the other function of the skill index update made Shi Yu even more excited.

On the last page of the skill index, a huge black and white vortex furnace image appeared.

[Technique Fusion] (Unlocked)

< Introduction > It can fuse two or more skills that have reached perfect proficiency into new skills. The higher the skill proficiency, the higher the compatibility between the skills, and the higher the success rate of fusion. The success rate of fusion will also depend on the physique of the Beast Tamer and the will of the pet.

Shi Yu: !!!

At first glance, Shi Yu thought that it was an ability to help develop the profundities of the combination skill, but suddenly, he discovered that something was wrong. This was not a combination, but… fusion!!

It completely fused two different skills into a new skill!

This ability was clearly obtained after the biological totem level.

Totem-level creatures had the ability to develop new skills themselves, develop new racial skills, and tailor-make racial skills for their descendants. They had the ability to optimize skills and races.

However, Shi Yu didn’t expect the skill index to be updated in advance.

What did this mean?

Shi Yu knew it too well.

Firstly, it could fuse skills with extremely low upper limits into stronger skills.

For example, Reinforced Iron Bones+Tempered Iron+Overlord Body Armor+High Speed Healing+Super Sight+Absolute Sleep+Multiplication might fuse into a super physique skill comparable to a divine skill. At that time, it could continue to increase points to transcendent or Dao Proficiency.

Apart from that, if two super skills could be fused into one, did that mean that adding points saved half the effort?

At the same time, this was equivalent to walking his own path.

Back then, Zhong Xuan had said that maxing out super racial skills was not the premise of advancing to the Mythical stage. The premise of advancing to the Mythical stage was to combine races and develop exclusive divine skills that belonged to oneself and were suitable for their own race. Through this skill fusion, perhaps it could help pets develop more efficiently?

“We are invincible now, really invincible…”

“I’ll fuse a bunch of low-level skills that have been maxed out and become a stronger super skill. Then, I’ll max out… The Dragon God and Yun An will cry when they see this.”

“Wait, why is it locked??? Damn it, what do you mean!!!”

—-