Chapter 515 - Breaking Through To Level 6 (4)

Therefore, Shi Yu sometimes wondered if he could try contracting a higher level this time!

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

It was said that the difficulty of breaking through from level six to level seven was ten times that of level five to six. Under normal circumstances, even if there was an opportunity like the Space Emperor Ruins, Shi Yu probably wouldn’t be able to reach level seven in a few years.

However, if pets could exceed the spatial level and reach the overlord level in advance, what was the difference between him and a legendary Beast Tamer?

Although at that time, the pet could break free of the contract with a thought and counterattack the Beast Tamer, Shi Yu believed that Eleven and the others wouldn’t do that. If they had this thought, Eleven and the others would have broken free the first time he crossed levels to contract.

Now, with a level-five space and a level-five physique, Shi Yu didn’t dare to let his pets break through to overlord with legendary resources. However, with a level-six space and a peak level-six physique, he could completely give it a try. He could nurture a certain pet to overlord level first.

It was too slow to wait for the level of the Beast Taming Space.

At that time, he would let Ling use its top-notch intelligence to analyze the success rate. As long as it was feasible, he would give it a try.

This cross-level contract was definitely more difficult than the previous one. However, for the sake of the World Tree’s Blessing, he would give it his all. As long as he didn’t die, it didn’t matter if he was a little weak every day.

As long as he obtained the Blessing of the World Tree, there was hope for him to reach the titled legend level in three years, let alone the legendary level. At that time, he could go anywhere in the world. It would be exciting.

With this determined thought, Shi Yu entered the crazy cultivation stage again…

…

In the blink of an eye.

A month and a half later.

The color of Shi Yu’s Beast Taming Space Crystal Wall completely turned purple.

Colorless, gray, white, green, blue, purple… The purple crystal wall and summoning array corresponded to the sixth level of the Beast Tamer.

At this level, the relatively lousy Beast Tamers were still ordinary masters, but the more powerful ones could already be called top-notch Beast Tamers with the help of their Beast Taming Talent.

Of course, Shi Yu didn’t care about this at all because he had already obtained a top-notch Beast Tamer license in the level-five space.

“Hu…” In the Space Emperor Ruins, Shi Yu sighed.

Under the multiple buffs of the meditation technique of the ruins, the cultivation ruins of the Space Emperor, the meditation incense plant, the Lake of Purification, the Space Crystal, the super physique, and all the pets breaking through to the monarch level, he finally became a level-six Beast Tamer.

At this moment, Shi Yu’s physical strength, mental strength, and soul strength suddenly increased. His powerful physique made Shi Yu, who had exhaled, feel a little smug.

“What strong strength…” Shi Yu clenched his fist and casually shook it. With a boom, the air suddenly rumbled, and the sound was like a thunderclap. An air cannon instantly uprooted the surrounding plants and raised dust.

“Damn, am I still human?”

Shi Yu was shocked and felt more and more that he wasn’t human.

This… he could already casually wave out the Air Cannon?

Race, Shi Yu Beast, low-level wind-element skill, Wind Fist!

Shi Yu clenched his fist and fell into deep thought. This was the benefit of breaking through to the limit every time.

He felt that after he reached the limit of this physique again, he might be able to fight Senior White Brook in the fusion state without any buffs!

It was too sick, too sick. When he reached his current limit again, Chi Tong would possess him. Pushing himself to the limit, he might be able to fight ordinary overlords.

The World Tournament was only so-so!

At the same time, in the ruins space of the Space Emperor Ruins, Eleven and the others also sensed the Beast Tamer’s breakthrough and shouted to come out.

Shi Yu smiled and summoned them. In the past month and a half, he had not cared much about the points added by his pets. They had all trained themselves. Their daily routine was to fight the Void Mantis and accompany Ling to study it. However, next, it was firstly to increase their physique and secondly to strengthen their pets. It seemed like he could add a new round of points…

With the additional points of super skills, he shouldn’t be as miserable as before, right?

However, it was better to go out and buy some supplements later. It was alright to teach Susu, but Shi Yu was really afraid that he still couldn’t withstand teaching other pets with mid-level willpower. After all, the lower the willpower, the greater the consumption.

“Wu!!” “Wu!!” “Yi!” “Mi!” “Ning!” “Alright!”

Something strange mixed in the cries of the six pets. Eleven and the others looked at Shi Yu in excitement and surprise.

He broke through!

Shi Yu, increase points!

As for Shi Yu, he was suddenly stunned after smiling again.

“Holy shit.”

His heart trembled. He looked at the skill index in his mind and suddenly discovered an extremely unbelievable update.

Apart from the increase in the basic page count, the skill index had indeed undergone another huge change!

In terms of page count, Shi Yu had basically ignored it. This was because low-level skills could be deleted after being maxed out. With not many super skills, he could no longer use up the page count.

Therefore, other updates had completely become Shi Yu’s anticipation.

The last time Shi Yu broke through, the skill index had updated the common teaching methods for low, intermediate, and high-level skills.

And this time, what was updated was the general teaching method of super skills!

Skill: Undying Golden Body

Skill Level: Super

< Introduction >…

[Status]:…

[General Teaching Method]: With the help of Earth Fire, combine the Undying God Metal, Life Stone Powder, metal-element overlord dragon blood essence, and metal-element overlord phoenix blood essence into one thing and eat it. There is a chance of awakening the Undying Golden Body skill. The awakening probability depends on the compatibility of the pet talent, pet race, and pet with this skill.