Chapter 517 - Invincible Below Overlord (1)

After being immersed in the changes in the skill index for a moment, Shi Yu was awakened by the pets in front of him.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Master, Master…!”

The Rubik’s Cube, Ling, flew at the front. In the green Rubik’s Cube, the white-haired loli had a serious expression. She was very unhappy with Shi Yu for always being distracted.

Generally speaking, this was a sign of mental weakness…

Fatigue and excessive pressure might be the cause. It was very dangerous.

He still wanted to contract an overlord-level pet in advance?

It was very worried about its Mechanic’s life.

“Wu.”

Shi Yu shook his head.

For example, Shi Yu couldn’t understand the teaching content of relatively top-notch super skills. He was very confused.

For example, if one wanted to learn the Spirit Release, they first needed their pet to commit suicide and undergo undead reincarnation?

Suicide in order to learn skills… This was only one step. Only ghosts would learn it!

In short, some of the more unorthodox super skills were not very reliable.

It was fine to directly replicate these skills and teach them, but using normal methods to teach them was not something humans could do.

However, Shi Yu could understand teaching methods like plant control, wind element control, water element control, and wave cannon, which were relatively common super skills.

But the problem was that there was no need for the skill index to teach such a skill…

His third index also recorded dozens of common super skills… including these skills.

There were thousands of low-level skill teaching methods recorded in the third bureau’s index, so Shi Yu said that the skill index was useless.

Forget it, forget it.

Shi Yu sighed. There would always be a need in the future.

What if he found those rare materials that he had never heard of from some ruins?

As for the skill fusion, although Shi Yu was envious, it was messing with his mentality as it was locked.

Just like the super skill back then, it would show it to him but wasn’t teachable.

So, did his Beast Taming level not meet the standard, or did his physical fitness not meet the standard?

Well… there seemed to be no difference. The two were closely related.

However, Shi Yu hoped that it was just that his Beast Taming level didn’t meet the standard, not his physical fitness.

He didn’t want to experience the pain of his physical fitness and life being drained again on other functions.

“Yes.” After waking up, Shi Yu looked at the pets with a smile.

At this moment, apart from Ling with a helpless expression, Eleven and the others were used to it. They were only filled with excitement and anticipation.

Because Shi Yu had already nagged at these pets many times.

When he broke through to level six, he could easily add some super skills.

“Contract Ling first.”

Shi Yu said calmly and looked at the white-haired loli in the Cube.

“Wuu! ~” Eleven and the others shouted one by one. Oh right, there was still Sixth Sister to contract… No, this wasn’t a sister.

Ling, who pulled them to study machinery every day and even took the time to supervise their training, was simply a mother.

“Yay ~” Ling cried out happily.

Even the serious Ling had happier moments.

Wu wu wu ~ The Mechanic had finally broken through. It had waited so long.

…

“Sixth contract, activate.”

In the ruins space.

Shi Yu’s contract halo slowly fused into the mechanical life form in front of him.

< Name > Ling

[Attributes]: Machinery, Wind

[Race Level]: High-level monarch

[Level of Growth]: Commander

[Race Skill]:

“Advanced”: Hundred Transformations (Dao Proficiency), Advanced Intelligence (Dao Proficiency)

“Transcendent”: Wind Element Control (Initiate)

[Teaching Skill]

[Intermediate]: Super Sight (transcendent)

“Advanced”: Clone (transcendent), Multiplication (transcendent), Absolute Sleep (transcendent), Deterrence (transcendent), Loading (expert), Mechanical Space (expert)

“Transcendent”: Divine Net (unlearned), Mythical Revival (unlearned), Turning Misfortune into Luck (unlearned)

During this period of time, Shi Yu had been importing goods and mechanical materials from Ancient Capital University.

Apart from the necessary materials to study mechanical phantom beasts, he also got the mechanical materials to learn loading and mechanical spatial skills.

After coming, Shi Yu didn’t care much. Ling relied on its max-level intelligence to upgrade itself successfully.

Shi Yu didn’t increase its points either, but in just a month, Ling had managed to upgrade two high-level skills to expert level.

Moreover, it was researching the resting time of the mechanical phantom beast to level up…

Shi Yu couldn’t help but sigh. This was a genius machine with max-level intelligence.

Unfortunately, it was only an ordinary upgrade at the moment. It had yet to upgrade these skills into racial skills through evolution. However, with Ling’s intelligence, it could definitely do it in the future.

In addition, although Shi Yu had yet to teach the super skills prepared for Ling…

Shi Yu had maxed out the common spiritual skills such as super vision, absolute sleep, and deterrence before he even started cultivating.

The goal was to increase its mental strength so that it could study it more easily.

“Wu…”

A moment later, Shi Yu and Ling completed the contract. Because of Ling’s feedback, Shi Yu instantly felt his brain become clearer.

And because of Shi Yu’s feedback, Ling’s attributes in various aspects also improved greatly. At the same time, his understanding of Shi Yu’s physical condition was more comprehensive.

After that, Shi Yu said very happily, “It’s done.”

At this moment, Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong, Susu, and Ling… Shi Yu was already very satisfied with his pet configuration.

In the future, these were his six main forces!

He didn’t think about the seventh one for the time being.

Next, Shi Yu planned to focus on increasing the strength of the Beast Taming Space instead of increasing in all aspects like before. Although the increase in physique and Beast Taming Talent was greater, it was too time-consuming. In any case, he didn’t have a favorite pet in the seventh contract slot at the moment. There was no hurry.