Chapter 526 - Master Ji, Stop Scratching (2)

However, generally speaking, many self-strengthening skills consumed a lot of energy and couldn’t be used for a long time, so very few pets would enter an explosive state in advance.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

For example, Chi Tong’s Myriad Sword Convergence, Eleven’s sharp eruption, and Giant Transformation were all strengthening buffs, but they were not suitable to enter in advance because it was meaningless. It would only waste more stamina.

However, there were some skills that could be used in advance. Not only would it not increase the consumption, but it would also reduce the consumption.

Shi Yu had seen Ji Feng’s battle. His Elemental Lord could accumulate reserve elemental energy in his body in advance and directly use it in battle. It was similar to Eleven’s Inner Power and Susu’s Infinite Devour Space.

This was the kind of advance strengthening that followed the rules.

As for Eleven, apart from the source of its restrained physical strength, it also had a similar skill, which was to condense beans into soldiers.

It could spend its physical strength to create the greatest number of Bean Bears before the battle and carry them on its body. Then, it could slowly recover its full physical strength. At that time, in the battle, it could directly send the condensed Bean Bears to battle without needing to spend huge physical strength to condense them on the spot.

This was the true use of bean soldiers.

Chi Tong’s scapegoat and Baby Ginseng’s time mark were the same.

Ji Feng definitely wouldn’t let go of the idea of filling up the backup energy before the battle. Shi Yu naturally had to be sufficiently prepared.

A moment later.

In the ruins space, the round Eleven sat on the ground. As it ate, black beans condensed and stuck to its body like little magnets, fully armed…

It wasn’t night yet, and a total of 30 Bean Bears were temporarily born in the form of beans. Eleven inscripted them all over their bodies!

…

The next day.

Star Capital Arena.

As the largest arena in Star Capital, this place was directly cleared by the president of the Star Capital Association today.

The reason was very simple. He had received Ji Feng’s application. Sequence 7 Ji Feng wanted to have a 1VS1 battle with Sequence 5 Shi Yu in the Star Capital Arena!

This was an impressive matter. The association headquarters had long issued instructions that every battle in the top ten of the Sequence required the high cooperation of the associations everywhere.

Even Director Zhong of the Sequence Competition Committee rushed to Star Capital overnight, wanting to witness this battle with his own eyes.

“Elder Zhong, you’re here.”

“Little Ma, long time no see.”

In the Star Capital Arena, Director Zhong, one of the people in charge of the Sequence Competition Committee, met President Ma of the Star Capital Association and started chatting.

“I’ve finally caught another battle with Shi Yu,” Director Zhong sighed.

During the Ming Hua Competition, he had judged that the Iron-eating Beast’s full strength was very terrifying.

However, who would have thought that he would actually directly defeat the Space Emperor’s pet later and take off, vaguely becoming the strongest monarch in the country!

After that, although Shi Yu’s ranking had gone up, Director Zhong, who had never seen the battle with his own eyes, had always wanted to see Shi Yu fight with all his might. Now, Ji Feng challenging Shi Yu was a very good opportunity.

“Hahaha, I’ve long heard of Ji Feng and Shi Yu’s reputation as geniuses. I can finally watch their battle this time.” President Ma also sighed with emotion. Ji Feng’s grandfather was a legendary Beast Tamer. He had perfectly inherited Old Master Ji’s All Things Affinity talent and was very strong. As for Shi Yu… President Ma had seen his city’s Star Capital University being beaten up by Shi Yu, so he was not unfamiliar with it.

“They’re all here.”

Apart from Director Zhong, President Ma, Principal Feng, Grandma Li, and the others couldn’t help but watch the commotion. After hearing yesterday, they also came to the scene today… Regarding this, apart from warmly welcoming them, Director Zhong and President Ma didn’t seem to have any other choice.

There were only so many spectators. There weren’t many. The battles in the top ten of the Sequence weren’t suitable for large-scale public battles. After all, as a human country, many totem clans wanted to obtain various information about contestants from Dong Huang.

The first lesson of the battle departments of the various universities was this: No matter when, it was best to have a trump card that no one knew about.

Soon, the time Shi Yu and Ji Feng had agreed on arrived.

The two of them each took some battle materials from the staff, such as supplements to replenish their stamina and medicine to recover from their injuries. Then, they entered the arena from both sides.

On the left, Ji Feng was wearing a brocade robe and had long hair. He didn’t look like a modern person, but this was normal. After being a spy in the totem country for many years, he might not have changed his habits.

On the right, Shi Yu was wearing his daily panda suit. Because Susu had become stronger too quickly, the previous level-six Flame Demon Armor had almost burned up and couldn’t be used anymore. As for battle suits above level-seven, it was impossible to find one that was so suitable for the time being. Shi Yu planned to customize one later.

Now, there was no need to possess him to fight anyway, so he wore casual clothes to make do.

After the two of them stepped onto the arena, they nodded at each other.

“Let me see how strong that Iron-eating Beast is,” Ji Feng said.

To be honest, he had been undercover in the totem country for so long and had seen many hundred-year-old monarchs. In the totem country, monarch-level ferocious beasts were generally stronger than the wild beast monarch ferocious beasts in Dong Huang.

But even so, the Void Mantis was definitely the strongest monarch he had ever seen. It was even stronger than some overlords. In this situation, he still didn’t understand how Shi Yu defeated the other party.