Chapter 523 - Susu Can Also Be Sold (2)

With Shi Yu’s current physique and Ling’s “loading”, although Ling was only a commander rank now, after they fused, they had nearly ten million energy points. Shi Yu could kill a monarch from afar without any effort.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

At the moment, the most impressive combination method was for Ling to become a sniper rifle and enter a loading state with Shi Yu. Then, Chi Tong would possess Shi Yu!

Double Fusion!

It consumed a lot of energy for Shi Yu, but it was also really strong.

At the moment, they didn’t have any skills to cooperate with. In the end, Ling still needed to continue researching the combination strategy.

Of course, as he studied it during this period of time, apart from firearms, Ling could also become some other mechanical tools through the Hundred Transformations.

For example, the Space Telescope… As for what use this thing had…

It had to be mentioned that Susu’s Star Sea skill. The max-level Star Sea directly allowed Susu to obtain the power of the Star Prayer. It could summon the water resources in the starry sky to the greatest extent through the max-level Star Sea.

The white water ball just now was the Starry Sky Strange Water summoned by Susu through the Star Sea skill.

If there was any special effect of this stupid water, well, there wasn’t. It was equivalent to a level-five resource. It could strengthen the energy value of light-type pets below the monarch level. The effect was even worse than a level-five light-type energy crystal.

Judging from Susu’s energy consumption and time consumption, this deal was clearly not worth it. It was better to condense the memory water drop.

After all, a max-level memory water drop was too powerful. A transcendent-level memory water drop could only transmit its skill experience, but a Dao Proficiency-level memory water drop could allow other pets to transmit their skill experience through the water drop.

For example, if Buggy held a drop of memory water, it could transfer its skill into the Dao Level worm silk experience and teleport it into the memory water drop. Then, other Green Silkworms could absorb the corresponding skill experience at a high speed through this skill water drop.

It was similar to Shi Yu’s skill index.

This was a high-level skill?

The only pity was that regardless of whether it was Susu or other pets, after transmitting their skill experience through the memory water drop, this skill experience would be forgotten from their minds.

It wasn’t that they still kept it after transmitting it. Although he might be able to rely on other skills to quickly recover through analogy, it would indeed affect his memories for a short period of time.

Apart from that, transferring the skill experience into the memory water drop and absorbing the skill experience from the memory water drop was not as fast as teaching the skill index. Susu did an experiment. If it wanted to transmit the perfect level of the bubble experience, this low-level skill would take dozens of minutes.

If it was absorbed by wild water-type pets by the roadside, the other party wouldn’t be able to absorb it for at least half a month.

Perhaps this speed could only decrease when Susu’s growth level increased.

However, because of these effects, the memory water drop could actually be called the Forgotten River Water, the skill teaching water drop.

This was also the reason why the guardian of Dong Huang, who could use water droplets, only converted the skill experience into a memory crystal before its death. When it was still alive, of course it wasn’t willing to forget its power.

Of course, this side effect did not affect Shi Yu’s pet.

Its pets could all create clones. It could directly summon a clone and let the clone pinch the memory water drop. The time cost would be greatly reduced.

Under the lead of the gem cat, a world where only clones were injured was born.

Although the skill proficiency of the clone was inferior to the main body and couldn’t maximize the effect of the skill, it was fine if it really needed the main body to condense the memory water drop. So be it if the skill was forgotten. In any case, it wasn’t troublesome for Shi Yu to teach it back.

Shi Yu’s pets had terrifyingly high skill proficiency. Coupled with the memory water drop, the memory water drop might be able to become a super resource in the team that was comparable to or even exceeded the Time Fruit.

Therefore, it was better to condense this thing to exchange for resources than to summon strange water to earn money.

At the same time, this thing was not bad as gifts.

The additional points in the past half a month had almost consumed all of Shi Yu’s assets. Under the many strong invitations of the gem cat, Shi Yu was already prepared to open a company with the gem cat to be in charge of the sales of high-end resources to earn some extra money.

He even planned to hold a private auction not long after the Mechanical Conference ended and invite some legends and rich people to test the market.

He wanted to try the Hardening Sword that was wrapped around the full-level deterrence for a hundred years, the spatial bag woven by the worm silk, the special life evolution fruit made by the ginseng baby, and something like the memory water drop. He wanted to see how much it could be sold for.

At that time, Shi Yu and the gem cat planned to stir up the concept and rarity level, making things rare.

After all, although these things were good, they were limited by Eleven and the others’ growth levels. They could only condense level-five or six resources at most. It required a lot of physical fitness, energy, and time. This investment was better to use it to increase strength and become an overlord. At that time, the resources would be stronger.

If they relied on numbers to win, it was better to rely on marketing. Buggy and the others could also have it easier.

The first round of legendary resources had already been saved. The next round was to prepare a new round of legendary resources for the pets to break through to the totem level. It was unrealistic to rely on various applications. Shi Yu planned to build his business empire like the founders of the five major financial groups.

Dong Huang, Dragon Palace City, and even the Beast Tamers of the six countries would be his potential customers in the future.