Chapter 527 - Master Ji, Stop Scratching (3)

“Let’s do our best,” Shi Yu said seriously.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

In a one-on-one situation, Senior Lu might not necessarily be able to defeat Ji Feng. This was because the consumption of a Beast Tamer with enhanced talent to strengthen a specific pet was definitely different from strengthening the entire team’s pets. In order to make his current ranking live up to its name, and in order to reduce the number of challengers next, Shi Yu felt that it was indeed necessary to fight Ji Feng.

It was mainly because he had too few battle results.

As long as Ji Feng lost to him, then there was no reason for others to skip Ji Feng to challenge him. He could relax even more.

Apart from that, if he stabilized the top five, it might be easier to get legendary resources!

Shi Yu only accepted Ji Feng’s challenge with this thought.

At this moment.

The battle that was about to begin attracted the attention of everyone.

Director Zhong, President Ma, Principal Feng, and the others couldn’t wait anymore.

Boom!

As Shi Yu and Ji Feng summoned their pets together, the battle instantly began!

“Little Zhang, record!” Director Zhong of the Sequence Competition Committee said to the bespectacled recorder beside him.

…

…

“Elemental Lord!!!”

Purple light flashed.

With a boom, natural energy surged in the arena, and the sky changed.

Fire, wind, and light. The body was made of red, green, and gold. A Human-shaped elemental creature more than two meters tall descended into the arena in the purple summoning array.

An illusory figure, an empty gaze, and powerful fluctuations.

Mid-level overlord race, monarch level, elemental lord! Nature’s favorite!

As expected, Ji Feng sent out his trump card.

Many big shots’ eyes flickered.

On Shi Yu’s side, there was the same purple summoning array.

“This kid…”

Director Zhong and the others had rich expressions.

Shi Yu broke through to level six?

So fast?

It looked like the Space Emperor Ruins was indeed a good place to cultivate.

Under the purple light, Eleven was also summoned amidst the blue and purple lightning.

Eleven, who was in a restrained state with black and white interweaving, shook its hair. Its blue eyes that contained lightning were bright as it looked at the enemy calmly in the chaotic elemental fluctuations.

“Wuu!!”

The one-meter-tall Little Iron Eating Beast stared at the big guy opposite it carefully.

Ji Feng also looked at the purple array and the Iron-eating Beast in front of him solemnly.

Elemental Lord vs Iron-eating Beast!

Seeing this, Director Zhong and the others took a deep breath. This was what they wanted to see.

As the two parties were in the confrontation stage, the few big shots surrounding them quickly analyzed.

“Elemental Lord, basic energy value 5,770,000.”

“Although the energy value of the elemental lord isn’t high, its cultivation level of natural power is very high.”

“In addition to Ji Feng’s All Things Affinity talent…”

“It can ensure that the power of every attack is not inferior to an overlord’s attack, but the consumption won’t be very high.”

“Ji Feng lost to the Void Mantis largely because of the other party’s Anti-Demon Domain. In addition, the natural energy in the ruins is thin, so he can’t perfectly display the greatest effect of the All Things Affinity talent…”

After a pet broke through from the monarch level to the overlord level, its body would be reborn again. Its body and mind would be extremely sensitive to natural energy, and it could feel the clear elemental power with its eyes closed.

A fire-element overlord-level ferocious beast might only use 100 energy points to condense an ordinary small fireball, but under its powerful natural control, this small fireball might instantly be mobilized during the attack. The hot elements from nature and the sun would become a fatal fireball that could easily kill monarchs.

This was the use of natural power.

Using the smallest price to increase the power of the skill to the strongest.

Using the natural power of heaven and earth to attack.

Therefore, its energy level was no longer the first reference for overlord-level creatures.

Because an ordinary skill that used 100 energy points to display a normal skill might display incomparable terrifying power under the enhancement of natural power, or even change nature.

The reason why Ji Feng was so strong was that his All Things Affinity talent could increase the pet’s affinity and control over natural power to achieve a similar effect. Therefore, one would definitely lose if he was deceived by the low five million energy points of this pet.

Even Shi Yu’s current pets… Even if some skills involving the power of nature were trained to the maximum proficiency, their affinity control over the power of nature was still inferior to Ji Feng’s pets. After all, they didn’t have the support of talent.

However, after they broke through to the overlord level, their life level increased, and their bodies and nature became one, they would have the backing of max-level natural skill proficiency. Their control over natural power wouldn’t be bad, and they would be very strong.

“In a battle outside, Ji Feng’s strength can be displayed to the maximum…”

After Director Zhong finished speaking, he looked at the Iron-eating Beast and was shocked.

“Energy value, 7.5 million!”

“Ridiculous!”

Everyone present knew that the Nine Li Battle Beast was divided into a restrained state to accumulate energy, a normal state to strengthen the physique, and an overload energy enhancement state to erupt with sharpness.

The restrained state was the Iron-eating Beast form. This form was the weakest form of the Iron-eating Beast. Why did even this form have 7.5 million energy points!

“You’ve already used that legendary magnetic gold, right?” Principal Feng said.

“I wonder what the outcome will be… if the power of nature vs sharpness erupts.”