Chapter 524 - Susu Can Also Be Sold (3)

The Star Sea skill was actually not bad. The rare thing was that the strange water summoned was not the only one. It all depended on luck. It was commonly known as a dog bet skill.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Although the white light-element mutant water was not very good, Susu had also summoned the blue mutant water previously. The strengthening effect on water-element pets was very good.

No one knew how many strange things there were in the starry sky.

What if he could summon some purple rare water and golden legendary strange water in the future?

Susu was quite addicted.

As for Ling, in order to study resources from outer space, it also became a support tool. It observed the starry sky with Susu every day.

Shi Yu was also very supportive of this.

Because of the skill fusion…

Ordinary Blue Sea Sprites had endless energy just by signing a contract with the sea of Blue Planet.

Then the Blue Sea Contract skill+Star Sea Skill = Star Sea Contract skill… This wasn’t too much, right?

Susu’s goal shouldn’t be just the sea, but the sea of stars!

“Ning… (The path is, the sea of stars! All can be cleansed!)” Susu raised its head, its eyes shining.

Before that, it wanted to quickly obtain the Blue Sea Sprite inheritance and become number one in the team.

The status of the Blue Sea Sprite inheritance in Susu’s heart… gradually decreased. Becoming first in the team had already become the main mission.

A moment later, both Susu and Ling suddenly discovered the abnormality in the sky.

Lu Qingyi rode the Green Spirit Wind Bird that had evolved into the Green Spirit Phoenix and rushed to the ruins of the Kong Capital. When Shi Yu saw Senior Lu arrive, he immediately welcomed her with a smile.

“Senior.”

“Sorry to have kept you waiting,” Lu Qingyi apologized after getting off the Green Phoenix.

“No.” Shi Yu smiled and handed Lu Qingyi a Void Key Stone. “Here, this is the tool to open the Space Emperor Ruins.”

“I also opened a subspace inside. It’s very suitable for cultivation. I can enter with this.”

Right on the heels of that, Shi Yu told Lu Qingyi about the situation with the Void Mantis. Lu Qingyi nodded repeatedly.

She understood.

Although the Void Mantis would leave with the Space Emperor Ruins after breaking through to the overlord level, as long as it followed the Void Mantis and walked with it as a guide to the outside world, it could always freeload on the Space Emperor Ruins.

After all, with a grandfather from the first bureau, Lu Qingyi still knew how to flirt with big boss-level transcendent creatures.

The fact that Lu Qingyi could get a lot of information about the Space Emperor Ruins from the Void Mantis was enough to prove that Senior Lu’s skills in this aspect were not bad.

“By the way, this is for you.” Lu Qingyi suddenly thought of something and took out a nearly transparent jade from the ruins space.

Shi Yu was stunned when he saw it.

The Feeding index tested it but couldn’t analyze what it was. It wasn’t in the database.

However, the Feeding index detected a huge energy wave on this jade. This was a level-eight resource!

“This is…?”

“Spirit Accumulation Jade, a level-eight resource. I got it from a friend. It contains a chaotic power. Any energy can be injected into it and it can subtly and slowly strengthen any power.”

“Didn’t you say last time that Eleven didn’t succeed in fusing with the power of Yun An? You can try this. At least it can avoid the consumption of the power of the Demon God. As time passes, it might even be able to strengthen the power of the Demon God in Eleven’s body,” Lu Qingyi said.

“Spirit Accumulation Jade…” Shi Yu was very surprised that there was actually such a resource. Senior Lu was right. If Eleven had this, it could inject the power of the Demon God into this place bit by bit to store it. Then, this Spirit Accumulation Jade would be like interest, producing more and more power of the Demon God. At that time, even if he didn’t find Yun An, he could naturally increase the power of the Demon God and try to evolve.

Also, the power of the Demon God used to fight the Void Mantis could also be recovered through this thing.

Even if the accumulation of this thing was relatively slow and not enough to support dark-element evolution in the short term, it was always good to recover a little of the power of the Demon God. After all, at that time, if Shi Yu successfully developed other evolution paths, the more the better.

Shi Yu was willing to call it a jade pendant.

“However, this is too expensive,” Shi Yu said.

Although he kept talking about legendary resources, Senior Lu’s personal gift…

“You’ve learned to be polite too?” Lu Qingyi looked at Shi Yu with a smile. In her impression, Shi Yu didn’t refuse anyone.

“Cough, cough.” Shi Yu coughed in embarrassment and said, “Alright, I won’t be polite then. Eleven can indeed use it.”

“I’ll take it. Senior, you have to work hard to break through to the Legendary level. After I participate in the Mechanical Conference, I have a few things for you.”

Shi Yu’s idea was that Eleven’s full-level deterrence, Buggy’s full-level Psychic, Chi Tong’s full-level possession, and other skills were very common. When the time came, he could condense a memory water drop and give some to his senior to strengthen her battle power. After all, Lu Qingyi had indeed given him a lot of help in the early stages.

In fact, without Senior Lu’s invitation, he would have missed Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong, and a series of pets.

“Machinery Conference…” Lu Qingyi was stunned.” By the way, we still have to see the Mechanical Conference. ”

“There’s nothing to see. When the time comes, I’ll go to Ancient Capital University to see the real thing. Breaking through to the Legendary level is more important!” Shi Yu said.

“Alright.” Lu Qingyi smiled and said, “I hope I can gain something in eight months.”

“Yeah, Senior, I’ll take you to see the Space Emperor Ruins first.”

After Shi Yu handed the Void Key Stone to Lu Qingyi, he immediately brought her into the Space Emperor Ruins to take a look at the small courtyard he had built.

Lu Qingyi was quite satisfied with this new cultivation place. She couldn’t guarantee that she could break through, but it was definitely more likely than cultivating elsewhere.

After arranging it for Senior Lu, Shi Yu began to head to Star Capital.

This was the venue of the Mechanical Conference and also the technological capital of Dong Huang. Star Capital University was even known as the number one mechanical specialization in Dong Huang. Although they couldn’t recruit a genius like Gao Xuan a few years ago, many big shots of the fourth bureau, such as Legend Xiao Shuang, had graduated from here.

…

The Mechanic class of Ancient Capital University had long arrived a few days earlier than Shi Yu.

Principal Feng, Dean Hao, Grandma Li, and the relevant people were already in Star Capital.

At the same time, Professor Fang and his wife also brought their daughter, Fang Lan, to Star Capital to be spectators of the Mechanical Conference.

These people who knew some inside information in advance were looking forward to the Mechanical Conference.

Mechanical phantom beast, Tyrant Dragon Reincarnated!

The ancient dinosaurs that were extinct in the totem era were revived and even successfully inherited some lost skills. If this wasn’t an epoch-making discovery, what was?

At this year’s Mechanical Conference, Ancient Capital University would definitely be the most handsome.