Chapter 525 - Master Ji, Stop Scratching

“He’s finally here!”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Star Capital Technology Garden.

At the Mechanical Garden of Ancient Capital University.

When Shi Yu arrived, Principal Feng and the others couldn’t wait to welcome him.

“Sorry for the wait.”

Shi Yu said to Principal Feng, Dean Hao, Grandma Li, and the others who came out to welcome him.

“We’ve waited so long.”

Dean Hao of the Mechanical College of Ancient Capital University said eagerly.

This year, his mood was like taking a train.

First, Shi Yu won the National League. The education funds of Ancient Capital University increased greatly. The Mechanical College was also a pie that he took a slice of. He was very happy.

But then, Principal Feng informed him that apart from the basic expenses, all the research funds of the Mechanical College this year were given to Shi Yu to use. It directly made Dean Hao’s heart skip a beat, not understanding what was going on.

In the end, when Principal Feng showed Dean Hao the information on the mechanical phantom beast, the old top-notch mechanical master was stunned.

It felt very ridiculous.

After his worldview shattered and recombined, he wished he could run to the ruins of Kong Capital to be Shi Yu’s assistant.

Unfortunately, Shi Yu didn’t want any assistants… He only wanted mechanical materials, making Old Hao anxious.

He didn’t understand what was going on with Shi Yu!

Didn’t Shi Yu know that he had just contracted the Hundred Transformations Machine? He was clearly a newbie Mechanic, so why did he suddenly create such an awesome thing? It didn’t make sense.

In fact, Shi Yu wasn’t that heartless to reject Dean Hao. It was mainly because he felt that Dean Hao’s level was too low and might delay his research progress.

The heartless one was Ling…

In short, it was not until he chatted with Principal Feng and Dr. Li that Dean Hao realized that Shi Yu had had this plan for a long time.

A long time ago, Shi Yu had the idea of reviving ancient creatures because of the Illusory Phantom skill and the experience of entering the dream of the Tyrant Dragon fossil.

As Shi Yu discovered the tool that contained the “strongest talent of the Mechanic class, ‘Awakening’, this idea completely matured.

Apart from Lu Qingyi and White Brook, they also told Principal Feng, Grandma Li, and the others about Shi Yu’s archeological discovery of the Awakening Mirror. They were so envious. Why was this kid so lucky?

This made them very emotional. They were also members of Bureau 11, but there was undoubtedly a difference between people.

His listening talent was indeed powerful, but the other members of Bureau 11 weren’t as powerful as Shi Yu.

Lu Qingyi cracking part of the Mythical Ruins and her pet obtaining the Mythical inheritance was already an extremely good harvest in Bureau 11.

However, for Shi Yu, be it the Mu Huiyin inheritance, the Emperor Wu inheritance, the secret of the Great Empress, the Space Emperor inheritance, the huge gains from the Blue Sea Ruins in Dragon Palace City, or the Yue Maiden tool… It was not inferior at all.

The benefits Shi Yu obtained from the ruins and archeology were simply too ridiculous. They estimated that only the Dragon Emperor, who had directly obtained the ownership of the Mythical Ruins in history, could compare to Shi Yu in terms of opportunities.

“How’s the progress?” Grandma Li asked.

“Everything is smooth. Apart from the Tyrant Dragon, there will also be a few extinct species displayed as mechanical phantom beasts with it,” Shi Yu said. “Thank you for your fossil.”

“Sure, just take a few more fruits next time.” Grandma Li smiled and chased him away. She was talking about the Time Fruit. This was given to Grandma Li by Shi Yu not long ago. After all, without her, he wouldn’t have been able to contract the ginseng baby.

In fact, Grandma Li was also very emotional about the mutated ginseng baby.

It could actually be cultivated by Shi Yu to this extent and actually become an existence that could kill two overlords after evolution… As expected, it wasn’t given wrongly. Fortunately, she didn’t use it herself and instead gave it to Shi Yu to nurture. Otherwise, she would have lost out.

Time Fruit, the representative skill of Emperor Shi’s pet.

Grandma Li guessed that if Shi Yu’s Iron-eating Beast had obtained the inheritance from Emperor Wu, then Baby Ginseng must have obtained the time-element inheritance from Mu Huiyin’s heroic spirit or the totem ice dragon under Emperor Shi.

Shi Yu was really lucky. All his archeological results could be used to strengthen himself. Grandma Li’s judgment was right. Baby Ginseng’s mutation had indeed absorbed a lot of time power in the Ice Dragon Ruins.

“Don’t worry, leave the Mechanical Conference to me. When the time comes, I’ll definitely surprise the seniors,” Shi Yu confirmed. “I’m going to prepare for the battle now.”

“Battle?” Principal Feng and the others, who were just about to ask Shi Yu more detailed questions, were stunned. What battle?

Weren’t you here to participate in the Mechanical Conference? Why was it related to battle again?

“When I came from Kong Capital, I bumped into Ji Feng and arranged a 1VS1 battle with him. It’s in Star Capital. I want to prepare for battle first.”

Everyone was stunned. F*ck, this guy didn’t stop even when he came to participate in the Mechanical Conference… Shouldn’t he be preparing for the Mechanical Conference now? What the hell was this battle with Ji Feng?

“No choice, no choice… Why don’t we come and watch the battle tomorrow? In any case, the Mechanical Conference is the day after tomorrow… There’s no hurry.” It was enough for Ling to prepare for the Mechanical Conference himself.

Everyone:…

….

Shi Yu indeed wanted to prepare for battle.

Pre-battle preparations were still very important.

Eleven had just finished its special training and wasn’t in a good state. It definitely had to adjust.

How could the battle power that could be displayed be the same as accumulating enough energy to fight?

Apart from that, Eleven also needed to accumulate Bean Bears in advance before the battle.

In the battle of the Beast Taming Domain, there was no rule that didn’t allow pets to stack their buffs and states before the battle.