Chapter 520 - Invincible Below Overlord (4)

Shi Yu didn’t know how it was doing, but Shi Yu wanted the key to enter and exit the Space Emperor Ruins. This was very convenient.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

After one experiment, Shi Yu directly exchanged all the money he had through the third bureau’s channels for a large number of life nutritional supplements and various energy crystals from the national resource warehouse.

They were all above level-seven.

With this, Shi Yu caught Eleven and started to increase his points crazily.

On the first day, its Inner Power increased to expert level. Shi Yu was nursed by Baby Ginseng for a long time. Eleven was nursed by Susu for a long time. Then, after Shi Yu, Baby Ginseng, and Susu ate a pile of supplements, they recovered about three days later and started a new round of points.

Then, Eleven’s bean soldier skill added points once and reached expert level.

At this moment, Eleven could already summon 30 Bean Bears in one go. Its impregnable skill was also stronger.

Expert Level Bean Soldier+Dao Proficiency Impregnable. With the inscription on Little Bean’s body, the Void Mantis alone might not necessarily be able to break through Eleven’s defense.

Another week later, Eleven’s Impregnable skill was added to expert level by Shi Yu.

For the past half a month, Shi Yu and Eleven had been in pain and joy.

The large consumption of resources and endless torture in exchange for gratifying gains.

Firstly, although Shi Yu’s physique had yet to reach the limit after breaking through, it had improved greatly compared to when he first broke through. The side effects of adding some super skills decreased time and time again. As for Eleven, after repeated training, its willpower level actually loosened a little under Eleven’s own judgment.

It seemed that it was not far from the overlord’s will.

He didn’t know when, but adding points didn’t corrode the will anymore. It could actually train the will.

Eleven covered its mouth with tears. How good.

It could accept it more with a clear conscience.

< Name > Eleven

[Race Skill]

“Super Level”: Inner Power (Expert), Lightning Rod (Proficient), Space Quake (Proficient), Bean Soldier (Expert), Impregnable (Expert)

[Teaching Skill]

“Super Level”: Undying Golden Body (Proficient)

Energy Points: Normal State 7.5 million

In just two months, Eleven’s basic energy level had already exceeded Baby Ginseng and become the first in the team.

At the same time, it was also the number one physique in the team. If it included the Undying Golden Body, its vitality could definitely fight against Baby Ginseng.

This was not only due to the proficiency of the super skill, but also because Eleven had been fighting the Void Mantis every day for the past month. The physique of the Iron-eating Beast King was “it will become stronger after recovering from serious injuries”. This was a good racial buff very suitable for Eleven.

From the current situation, when Eleven’s all super racial skills were trained to (Expert+11), its normal energy level would definitely exceed ten million. It could definitely surpass the Void Mantis, and its battle power would exceed even more.

Even now, even without using the power of the Demon God, Eleven was confident that it could fight that Void Mantis evenly.

He didn’t dare to say the past or the future, nor did he dare to say it in the world, but at the moment, in Dong Huang, there shouldn’t be anyone stronger than Eleven among monarch-level pets. This was even before Eleven had unearthed all its potential.

Under the overlord level… it was almost invincible. Ah, wait, Baby Ginseng’s Time Fruit+Moon Explosion+Time Mark seemed to be able to fight. However, after Baby Ginseng ate the Time Fruit, it became an overlord, so it wasn’t at the monarch level. It was reasonable.

At this point, Shi Yu temporarily stopped adding points. It wasn’t that he didn’t want to continue, but someone was starting to panic.

The Mechanical Conference was about to begin. In the past two days, Principal Feng, Grandma Li, Dean Hao, and even Fang Lan and her parents kept asking Shi Yu if he was ready and how the preparations for the Mechanical Conference were.

Shi Yu thought for a moment. In order to use his full spirit to show off at the Mechanical Conference, he stopped adding points and planned to wait until after the Mechanical Conference.

It was currently March 8th, and it was said to be November in the world competition. He still had eight months to strengthen the entire team.

Eight months was neither long nor short. After stepping into level six, Shi Yu sensed his meditation speed. Even if he meditated in the Space Emperor Ruins every day for eight months, he couldn’t reach level seven. He couldn’t even reach half the progress. However, if eight months was used to increase points…

Everyone could obtain a huge increase. It didn’t even seem impossible to increase a pet’s super skill to (Perfect+47) if they stared at a skill upgrade alone?

A proper top-notch overlord.

A top-notch overlord was probably “extremely rare” even in the World Tournament. If not for the spatial level restriction, Shi Yu might really be able to produce a totem-level pet!

This speculation made Shi Yu even more confident of facing the world competition.

Of course, it was hard to say if a simple super skill (Perfect+47) could have the combination profundity of two perfect super skills that were very compatible. Shi Yu planned to study it later.

After making the decision, Shi Yu packed up in the Space Emperor Ruins. He estimated that the Void Mantis was about to break through. In that case, he wouldn’t stay here anymore. It didn’t matter where he added points next. In any case, it was impossible to meditate anymore. It was useless even if Ling came.

However, he could give the spare key here to Senior Lu later and let her try to break through to the Legendary level. In fact, if the Void Mantis left, Shi Yu felt that it was not bad to let Senior Lu be its modern guide. As long as he could freeload on the Space Emperor Ruins, it would not be a loss…