Chapter 521 - Invincible Below Overlord (5)

There was still no news from the Void Mantis. After Shi Yu came out of the Space Emperor Ruins, he sighed.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

He took out his cell phone and was just about to call Senior Lu to inform her of this good news when suddenly, a black shadow came from the sky.

“Wu ~ ~ ~” With a huge roar, a yellow-brown Ancestral Rock Wings Bird descended. At the same time, a long-haired young man descended from above.

The seventh sequence, Ji Feng.

Initially, fifth place was first beaten to sixth place by Lu Qingyi, then squeezed to seventh place by Shi Yu…

Ji Feng was silent for a moment when he encountered Shi Yu at the Myriad Mountain.

It was very normal for Shi Yu to stay here to cultivate after conquering the Space Emperor Ruins…

“Ji Feng?” Shi Yu looked at this guy in surprise.

“Shi Yu, is the Void Mantis around? I’m here to challenge it,” Ji Feng said after a moment of silence.

Two months ago, he lost miserably to the Void Mantis. He knew that he wasn’t its match, so he cultivated bitterly for two months and came to challenge again.

“Uh, the rewards are all gone…” Shi Yu said.

“Not for the reward, but for the battle,” Ji Feng said.

“That’s probably impossible. It’s in seclusion to challenge the overlord level… I can’t contact it. If I can, I reckon it’s also an overlord…”

Ji Feng: “…%$^%^”

Ji Feng was extremely silent, feeling very uncomfortable.

After returning from his cultivation, he first went to challenge Lu Qingyi. In the end, Lu Qingyi said that she wasn’t free and directly rejected Ji Feng.

The Sequence battle could only be forced in the later half of the year. At the moment, whether to accept the challenge depended on the Beast Tamer’s own wishes.

Since Lu Qingyi said she wasn’t free, Ji Feng didn’t shamelessly chase after her.

Therefore, he thought of the Void Mantis and planned to come here to test the cultivation results. In the end… the Void Mantis couldn’t either?

In the end, Ji Feng’s gaze landed on the “number one person below legend” and the “fifth sequence” Shi Yu.

“Shi Yu… I want to challenge you.”

Shi Yu: “?”

“I’m not free either…”

Ji Feng: “?”

“Why aren’t you free either?” Ji Feng’s mentality collapsed. What was the meaning of this?

When a group of people challenged him, he never refused anyone.

“This…” Shi Yu was stunned. He was really not free. He had just finished adding points and looked fine now, but his core was still weak. Not only him, Eleven, Susu, and Baby Ginseng were also weak at this moment. It wasn’t their best state.

Ji Feng wasn’t weak. If he didn’t use his best state to fight, Shi Yu felt that it was not very stable. After all, Buggy didn’t have the anti-magic domain like the Void Mantis to restrict the other party’s talent.

“My pet just underwent overload training. It can’t even fight now…”

“It can wait for a few days,” Ji Feng said. “Moreover, it doesn’t have to be a full-strength battle. I just need to challenge your Iron-eating Beast that defeated the Void Mantis.”

He wanted to see how strong that Iron-eating Beast was.

After defeating the Iron-eating Beast, theoretically speaking, it had defeated the Void Mantis.

Shi Yu covered his forehead and said, “Alright, how about tomorrow, Star Capital?”

“Star Capital?” Ji Feng.

“Yes, I’m going over there to do something.”

“Sure.” Ji Feng nodded and said, “I’ll wait for you in the Star Capital Arena tomorrow.”

Shi Yu also nodded… Well, he wondered how Eleven would perform against Ji Feng’s trump card pet that could activate its Beast Taming Talent.

Forget it, let’s put the battle aside and think about the Mechanical Conference first.

In the past few months, the Dong Huang exchange team had first traded with Ming Hua. Then, they traded with Xue Yuan and Shen Feng. Shen Feng was the country of machinery, the birthplace of Mechanics, so there were many top-grade mechanical materials. Shi Yu had heard that Dong Huang had purchased a large batch of Hundred Transformations Stones. Cough, cough, cough, he didn’t know if Gao Xuan still needed them… But he and Ling really lacked them!!