Chapter 522 - Susu Can Also Be Sold (1)

After challenging Shi Yu, Ji Feng left in satisfaction.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

After leaving, he applied to the Star Capital Association to fight.

Battles above the master level had to be announced in the city.

At the same time.

On Shi Yu’s side, after seeing Ji Feng leave, he shook his head and continued calling Senior Lu.

Soon, the call went through.

Through the video, Shi Yu immediately saw Senior Lu in a black and blue battle suit.

“Eh, Senior, where are you?”

Seeing that the other party was wearing a battle suit, Shi Yu asked.

“The suburbs of the ancient capital…”

“I accidentally heard and activated a ruin previously and just finished exploring it today. Unfortunately, it’s a small ruin. Apart from obtaining a ruin space, I didn’t gain much. I wasted another half a month…”

Shi Yu could sense Senior Lu’s resentment through the screen.

Shi Yu was stunned. Alright, she didn’t even fancy a ruins space at this point, right?

However, from Lu Qingyi’s perspective, an ordinary ruins space was really useless to her.

After all, she had long obtained the legendary ruins space. Apart from exchanging some resources, this new ruins space had no other use.

“Not bad… At least it can be exchanged for many resources to strengthen pets,” Shi Yu said.

“Yeah.” Lu Qingyi smiled and asked, “What’s wrong?”

“I broke through to level six and just came out of the Space Emperor Ruins. I won’t be able to break through in the short term, so Senior, do you want to try the Space Emperor Ruins? I got the key to enter the ruins from the Void Mantis. It doesn’t mind me bringing the others over.”

“Yes!” Just as Shi Yu finished speaking, the face on the screen suddenly approached and immediately shouted.

However, she was quickly stunned. “You… broke through to level six so quickly??”

If she remembered correctly… Shi Yu broke through to level five half a year ago, right? He went from level five to level six in half a year?

This was nothing. Some Beast Tamers with fortuitous encounters could do it, but the problem was that it had only been two years since Shi Yu became a Beast Tamer…

Before breaking through, Shi Yu was known as the strongest below Legend Dong Huang. After breaking through, he probably lived up to his name. He approached Legend in two years and became the strongest below Legend. This speed was too much.

Even compared to the legendary paths of legendary emperors in history, it was not inferior at all.

Lu Qingyi’s expression was complicated. What a ridiculous guy she had discovered in that small place in Ping Cheng.

“It’s alright, it’s alright…” Shi Yu laughed.

He still found this slow.

“Then Senior, come over quickly,” Shi Yu invited.

In the Space Emperor Ruins, the small courtyard he got Buggy, Baby Ginseng, and Susu to build together wouldn’t be torn down. The spiritual plants inside that could assist in meditation and the Ling Xi that emitted the aura of purification had spent a lot of effort. It would be a pity to tear it down. Coupled with the Space Emperor Ruins, Lu Qingyi’s cultivation speed would definitely take off.

There were still eight months until the world competition. Shi Yu hoped that Senior Lu could break through to the legendary level. This way, his safety would be more guaranteed.

Most importantly, the venue of the World Tournament, Inatena, known as the root of the world, was the place with the most Mythical ruins…

It was understandable that Lu Qingyi wanted to take a look. He and Lu Qingyi were both archeologists who specialized in Mythical Ruins.

He hoped that at that time, he and Lu Qingyi could team up and crack a few more Mythical ruins.

In the last world competition, the World Tree used different Mythical Ruins as the competition venue. Many contestants obtained benefits, and they didn’t know what the situation would be this time.

If there were still Mythical Ruins as the venue of the competition, it would be the home ground of archeologists like him and Senior Lu!!!

After the notification was completed, Shi Yu began to wait for Senior Lu. At the same time, he summoned Susu and Ling to play.

“I’m free anyway…” Shi Yu looked at the starry sky. Susu and Ling immediately understood!

“Ning ~!! Ning!”

Susu started gesturing with the white-haired loli in the Rubik’s Cube in front of it.

“Which direction do we look at this time?” Ling also asked.

During this process, the Rubik’s Cube divided into countless small cubes and kept assembling.

First, it condensed into a mechanical hat and buckled it on Susu’s head. It raised an antenna and let Susu become the antenna slime baby.

Then, some other cubes quickly assembled into a cosmic telescope.

Seeing this, Susu revealed a happy smile. It enlarged its body and quickly used the cosmic telescope.

Soon, a white water ball fell from the sky at a high speed.

At the side, Shi Yu had already prepared the container. Under Susu’s control, the white water ball slowly landed in the container.

“This again.” Looking at the white water ball, Shi Yu sighed. Susu also looked angry.

Why were they all basic resources?

Couldn’t he pray for some rarer resources!

In the past half a month or so, apart from super skills, Shi Yu had also occasionally gotten some low-level skills from his pets.

As this comparison to super skills didn’t take much effort, Shi Yu pulled Susu’s Blizzard, Star Sea, and Memory Water from transcendent to the maximum level.

Apart from that, Ling’s loading and mechanical space had naturally reached the maximum proficiency of the teaching skill, transcendent.

The transcendent mechanical space was just a larger internal space. As for transcendent loading, Shi Yu was very fond of this skill. He liked it as much as possession. This was because this skill could turn Ling into a “machine gun” or a “sniper rifle” when used by Shi Yu. It was as if it had given Shi Yu a transcendent firearm skill, allowing him to be one with the weapon.