Chapter 539 - Crossing Worlds (6)

It was divided into three awards, gold, silver, and bronze. There was one gold award, and the other two awards didn’t limit the number.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

A moment later, everyone from Star Capital University went down.

“The last Gold Award was Star Capital University. Will it be the same this year?” After they left the stage, many participating teams discussed.

“I feel that this result is already very strong. It’s better than last year’s. I really want a skill training machine,” a young Beast Tamer said.

“But the problem is that this thing seems to be left behind by Shen Feng. If the Gold Award was given for something that those guys had researched for a long time, I feel a little unhappy.”

“Let’s face the difference. We have no choice. Let’s see the results of the other universities first.”

Then, research groups from other universities went on stage one after another.

The second was the research team of Kong Capital University, led by Fang Lan’s parents.

Their research results were a high-level commander race, a support-type mechanical pet called [Son of Heaven]. This pet mastered weather skills of various attributes such as Blizzard, Praying Rain, and Clear Sky. This support pet in many directions indeed made many people’s eyes light up.

It was still a pretty good invention.

Of course, compared to an invention with a wider range and more strategic meaning like the [Skill Training Machine], the meaning of the [Son of Weather] was not that great. After all, there were very few occasions where so many weather skills were needed.

It wasn’t like there weren’t pets and machines that specialized in one weather skill. This kind of miscellaneous research only made Kong Capital University show off their skills.

In the face of the second research result of the Mechanical Conference, Dr Aqi from Shen Feng also had a calm expression.

Then, the third, fourth, fifth, sixth…

The research teams of the various major universities came up one after another to show it. Among them, there were new machine products, new types of mechanical pets, and new theories, but compared to the [Skill Training Machine], they were actually much inferior and somewhat overshadowed.

At the same time, they didn’t receive any high praise from Dr Aqi.

“That Dr Aqi from Shen Feng is so smug.”

At this moment, on the Internet, there were already Beast Tamers who were unhappy with Dr Aqi.

On the side of Imperial Capital University, the old principal of Imperial Capital University was sitting in the seat. She had also been unhappy with Dr Aqi for a long time. Not only her, but many Mechanics present were also very unhappy. This was because this guy’s comments were all “Shen Feng this, Shen Feng that,” As if these innovative products were nothing in the Shen Feng Nation.

Why did they find such a thing to be a guest at this meeting?

Not to mention ordinary Mechanics, even the corners of the legendary Mechanics on the platform twitched. They were a little unhappy with Dr Aqi’s evaluation tone.

“This is very normal. Aren’t the Mechanics of Shen Feng always very arrogant? After all, that also comes from strength.” At Imperial Capital University, Gao Xuan’s expression was calm. “It’s our turn. I believe the next research results will shock his eyes and tear his pride apart.”

“Haha, Little Xuan, you’re right.” The old principal of Imperial Capital University laughed and nodded very confidently.

At this point of the Mechanical Conference, among the nine major universities, there were still three universities, Imperial Capital, Ancient Capital, and Demon Capital, that had not been displayed. In the first round, the value of Star Capital University’s [Skill Training Machine] was still the highest. After that, no more dazzling innovative products appeared.

A moment later.

“Sorry to have kept everyone waiting ~”

“Next, let’s invite the seventh display team.”

“From Imperial Capital University, a research team led by a Mechanic graduate, Gao Xuan, is displaying a new mechanical life form!!!”

As soon as the host finished speaking, the school emblem and Gao Xuan’s profile picture of the Imperial Capital University appeared on the big screen, as well as the type of product they wanted to show.

Team in-charge: Gao Xuan!

Show theme: New mechanical pet!!

As soon as the theme was out, the audience was surprised.

“It’s Gao Xuan.”

“Fourth round, Gao Xuan.”

On Imperial Capital University’s side, only Gao Xuan walked onto the arena. He was alone.

As soon as Gao Xuan appeared, everyone’s attention immediately focused.

The anticipation people had for him was even stronger than the exhibition team of Star Capital University.

Not only ordinary Mechanics, but even the two legends from other countries narrowed their eyes and their expressions became serious when it was Gao Xuan’s turn.

“It’s him, the one with the awakening talent?”

A Mechanic genius with the same talent as the Shen Feng Mechanical Legend and the Dong Huang Mechanical Legend…

Gao Xuan’s appearance also made Shi Yu, who was meditating with his eyes closed, open his eyes.

He sighed at the fact that he had encountered Gao Xuan at the Mechanical Conference.

Although it was very normal for Gao Xuan to participate in the Mechanical Conference as a Mechanic, Shi Yu still couldn’t help but sigh when he encountered Gao Xuan twice in a row. The path was quite narrow…

At this moment, Gao Xuan stood calmly in the arena and looked around.

He stretched out his arm and a black bracelet appeared in his palm.

At the same time, a picture of the black bracelet appeared on the big screen.

“This is a research result that can change the current structure of the Beast Taming Domain.”

After Gao Xuan appeared, his first words directly made the crowd boil.

Gao Xuan’s teacher, Elder Liu, was smiling. Dr. Mei Xiuying also revealed a shocked expression. President Ma, Dr. Aqi, Legend Ju Qianyao, and the others were even stunned.

Below, Principal Feng, Dean Hao, Shi Yu, Xiao Shuang, and the others also gathered their gazes on the thing in Gao Xuan’s hand.

“I call it the Ethereal Bracelet.”