Chapter 538 - Crossing Worlds (5)

“Of course, the skill training machine can not only increase the proficiency of the wind blade, but any active skill of any pet can be effectively improved through this machine. Its greatest meaning is still to use the pet’s free time to increase the skill proficiency efficiently!”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

As Dr. Mo Qing finished speaking, the crowd fell silent for a moment before erupting.

On the Internet, Beast Tamers instantly drooled.

Holy shit.

“I want this.” Many young Mechanics were envious.

He could let his pet train when it slept? There was such a good thing?

After being stunned, the Mechanics present instantly understood how helpful a Beast Tamer could be to training pets if they had such a skill training machine.

“Star Capital University has already decided to fully invest the skill training machine in various places in Star Capital University for the students to use this year.” As Dr. Mo Qing finished speaking, on the platform, President Ma of Star Capital was full of smiles. He also felt that it was very good.

This way, the overall strength of the new generation in Star Capital could increase by a lot, greatly saving the time and resource cost of the Beast Tamers training skills.

On the other side, in the audience seats of the ancient capital.

After Star Capital University displayed it, Shi Yu muttered.

“Snatching bamboo shoots.” They didn’t even let their pets rest soundly when they slept. Why was he like Buggy? He had to train even when he slept. Even capitalists weren’t so black-hearted.

Absolute Sleep+Dream Training was exclusive to Buggy, but Shi Yu’s expression was shocked. He didn’t expect a Mechanic to study this model into a machine with extremely wide adaptability.

If it weren’t for the fact that he had found the iron-eating beast hardening cultivation method, this thing would be pretty good for the iron-eating beast.

Star Capital University was indeed something.

“The research results of Star Capital University every year are all useful.” Principal Feng secretly complained about Dean Hao’s Mechanical College.

Dean Hao had a serious expression. Could they even compare? How much money did they have?

Right on the heels of that, Dr. Mo Qing continued to add and introduce it, proving that although the cost and consumption of this machine were not low, it was definitely not a loss if it was used on a large scale in places like the nine major universities and the Beast Tamer Troops. It was basically equivalent to using energy to exchange for the increase in speed of Beast Tamers and pets.

“This is really an impressive invention.” As Dr. Mo Qing finished speaking, the host also exclaimed and handed the evaluation rights to the three judges and two guests.

“Dr. Mo Qing has always been dedicated to the combination of technology and cultivation. This skill training machine has indeed achieved a perfect fusion of the two. As expected of Dr. Mo Qing. This machine is undoubtedly a very strategic product for the vast number of genius Beast Tamers in Dong Huang.” Old Liu nodded heavily, his expression surprised as he gave a high evaluation.

“That’s indeed the case. The increase in racial skill proficiency can also lead to the growth level of the pet. This is a relatively perfect cultivation machine,” Mei Xiuying said with a sigh.

Although this machine was more effective for weaker pets and more effective when the skill proficiency was lower, and it was basically for Beast Tamers below the master level, this group of people had the most Beast Tamers in Dong Huang.

If they could grow quickly, the meaning would be far-reaching. In short, as long as this machine could save those genius Beast Tamers half a year, it would be considered an extremely powerful research.

In the audience, Gao Xuan, a genius Mechanic, also nodded and felt that it was not bad.

“Dr. Aqi, Legend Ju, what do you think?” President Ma looked at the two foreign friends.

The young woman, Legend Ju, nodded in surprise and said, “It’s indeed not bad. Unfortunately, the cost and consumption are not small. It’s probably very difficult to apply on a large scale, but if it can be optimized, it’s definitely a huge boon to the grassroots of the Beast Taming Domain.”

She was not stingy with her praise. Of course, in her experience, this thing was already very difficult to optimize. But even so, it was not bad. It was unrealistic to want a product to be suitable for all levels. This kind of thing should be a good thing for those genius Beast Tamers with superior families. It could allow them to quickly transform resources into strength.

With this, there would be more geniuses in Dong Huang.

“Dream training machine.” Beside him, Dr Aqi smiled and said, “There’s also such a machine in Shen Feng, and it’s already applicable to various famous schools. It’s indeed as everyone said, its impact is extraordinary. It can effectively increase the growth speed of the younger generation. From the current results, this machine should still have a lot of room for optimization. It’s a very promising research result.”

As Dr. Aqi finished speaking, Dr. Mo Qing’s smile stopped.

“There are similar machines in Shen Feng??” President Ma was stunned.

“Yes.” Dr. Aqi was relatively proud. Dong Huang’s technological progress was still not good. An invention of this level could actually surprise these people?

However, it was also normal. In Dr. Aqi’s eyes, Dong Huang’s mechanical level was indeed not high. Together with the country Xue Yuan, it was barely close to their Shen Feng.

He had already expected how boring Dong Huang’s so-called Mechanical Conference would be. It was probably all stuff that Shen Feng had done.

At this moment, the various judges were recording various data evaluations on their evaluation tables. In the Mechanical Conference, every round of display was just a display. The final evaluation results would only be announced after the conference ended.