Chapter 531 - The Eve Of The Mechanical Conference (1)

Shi Yu stabilized his ranking by fighting the seventh-rank Ji Feng.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Regarding this, there was a heated discussion on the Internet.

In Shi Yu’s room in the Ancient Capital Technology Garden, Buggy browsed through the comments. After casually sending a few messages with its account [I’m Not Buggy], it happily went offline!

“Wu ~!!”

Buggy’s eyes flickered. Stupid mortals, wait for tomorrow to see the mechanical phantom it created!

Although it was definitely the Beast Tamer who went to show off again, as long as the audience wasn’t stupid, they could judge and analyze that this phantom should be related to it!

Mechanical phantom beasts, illusions, weren’t they its worm’s imagination, illusions!

“Master, a mole has been discovered.”

At the side, Ling immediately detected Buggy’s message on the Internet and reported to Shi Yu.

“Wu!!”

Buggy turned to look at Ling. How could it defame Buggy for nothing!

“Mi!! (Let’s do something serious!)”

Chi Tong, who was watching the movie with Susu, also looked at Buggy.

It waited for “Lost History 001: Legend of Mu Huiyin” 3 until the flowers withered.

This preview was already filmed. Hurry up and edit it and upload it.

“Wu! (Leave it to Ling!)”

Buggy was bold and confident.

It was already in charge of scenes and special effects. How could they let it edit?

In this aspect, Ling should be a professional.

“Ning, Ning.”

Susu was anxious. It told the pets to be quiet and not disturb its movie.

It was anxious to watch this environmental-related movie. It wished it could transmigrate and cleanse everything!

“Mi…”

Chi Tong poked Susu. This didn’t look good. They should watch some battle shows!!

Susu shook its head fiercely. It would talk about it after it finished watching these environmental movies.

It held a small notebook and recorded what it saw.

[The Mechanic class is a big source of pollution to the ocean environment. It will remember this.]

[At the same time, seven islands!! Bad guy!!]

Because Dong Huang and Dragon Palace City were on good terms and valued the ocean environment, most of Dong Huang’s environmental protection movies portrayed the seven islands next door as villains, directly making Susu anxious.

It asked Shi Yu telepathically when they were going to the seven islands to fight.

Especially after learning that the Rainbow Sea was polluted by the forbidden weapons of the seven islands, Susu directly bore a grudge+10086 and wanted to talk to the legendary Valkyrie of the seven islands.

“Don’t worry about Buggy,” Shi Yu, who was lying on the bed, said casually with his cell phone.

“Ling, help edit the footage. By the way, give Ice Dragon more shots and let Ice Dragon’s image be more positive and stronger. It has to be Mu Huiyin’s greatest support. Well, let Ice Dragon be the protagonist this time.”

Chi Tong: “?”

“It can’t be helped. This is what Mother Dragon requested herself. She wants our video to publicize its powerful heroic bearing. Although it’s a little like tampering with history, when we go to the seven islands, we still have to find Mother Dragon to be our bodyguard.”

Susu: Moo! (Yay!)

Water flooded the seven islands! Ice could seal the seven islands!

Chi Tong: QAQ, but shouldn’t the female lead be it?

“You’ll suffer a small loss and do something big. When the time comes, let Mother Dragon kill two more overlord undead for you. It’ll definitely be a good deal.”

Chi Tong: !

Ling hesitated for a moment. Legend of Mu Huiyin 3, it was time to talk about Mu Huiyin suppressing the Ice River Totem with the Ice Dragon in her later years. It was also the last part of the preview trilogy…

The first video made a name for itself and laid the foundation. The second video promoted Ancient Capital University and the Heroic Ruins. The third video was to promote the history of the Ice Dragon Snow Mountain and the Icefield, making Icefield City a tourist holy land. It would lead the iron-eating beast industry and lick the Ice Dragon at the same time.

Master was scheming!

“Then leave it to me.” Ling sighed.

“I’ll leave it to you ~” Shi Yu continued to lie down and search with the cell phone index.

After fighting Ji Feng, Shi Yu slipped away.

Because at that time, both Director Zhong and Principal Feng wanted to talk to Shi Yu in detail and figure out Shi Yu’s current battle power.

Even Ji Feng himself wanted to communicate more with Shi Yu after losing to understand the true difference between him and Shi Yu.

Regarding this, Shi Yu, who found it troublesome, naturally couldn’t give in. Moreover, if he communicated with them in depth now, in less than two days, Eleven and the others would be added with more points. Wouldn’t their battle power be updated again? Therefore, it was meaningless and a pure waste of time.

He directly slipped back with the excuse of preparing for the Mechanical Conference.

However, this made Director Zhong, President Ma, and Ji Feng even more stunned. Mechanical Conference, what Mechanical Conference? What did the Mechanical Conference have to do with him?

After returning, Shi Yu naturally didn’t prepare for any meeting. Instead, he continued to slack off. At the same time, he also called his pets to slack off together. The special training in the Space Emperor Ruins was already bitter enough. It was understandable for him to slack off for the next few days.

Although Shi Yu had called his pets to slack off together, every pet’s response was different.

Chi Tong and Buggy completed the last trailer of Mu Huiyin’s legend.

On the other hand, Susu was obsessed with environmental movies under Chi Tong’s recommendation.

As for Eleven, it originally wanted to roll it up. However, the recent high-intensity battles and the additional points of super skills had indeed made Eleven tired both physically and mentally. Therefore, it chose to slack off and squeeze the Bean Bears to train the army drills as a form of relaxation.

The training of the Bean Bear could also increase its strength. It was training and lazing around. The world where the clones were injured appeared again.