Chapter 537 - Crossing Worlds (4)

“It’s about to begin…” Principal Feng looked at the time and took a deep breath.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

In theory, it would definitely be his turn today. He looked at Shi Yu, who was sitting quietly beside him. Thinking of Shi Yu’s performance at the Feeding Conference, he suddenly had more confidence in Shi Yu. After the Feeding Conference, the Mechanical Conference would definitely be fine. After all, they were all super results that could change the current situation!

After today, Ancient Capital University would definitely become famous in Dong Huang again.

Before the meeting, the judges and guests entered one by one.

The first was born in the capital and graduated from Imperial Capital University. At the moment, he was the legendary Mechanic Elder Liu, who was in charge of the forbidden weapon project at the Dong Huang Academy of Science. At the same time, he was also the guide of the genius Mechanic Gao Xuan from Imperial Capital University.

Then, there was a middle-aged woman with brown hair and a serious expression. She was also the legendary Mechanic of the fourth bureau. Her name was Mei Xiuying, and she was the wife of the legendary navy general Xiao Hai. She was also the mother of the legendary Mechanic Xiao Shuang and the navy general Xiao Qin. She had made major contributions to the research of sea, land, and air strategic overlord-level machines.

The last person was President Ma of the Star Capital Association. He wasn’t a legendary Mechanic in the traditional sense. However, among the contracted pets, there were also mechanical pets. In a place like Star Capital where mechanical culture was prosperous, his personal style would inevitably be affected.

Apart from them, there was also a gray-haired old man from Shen Feng. He was also a legendary Mechanic named Chris Aches. The other was a legendary Beast Tamer from the seven islands next door, Ju Qianyao. For special reasons, the two of them came to Dong Huang to exchange and learn and came to the Mechanical Conference as guests.

As the World Tournament was imminent, the communication between the seven countries became more and more frequent.

Of course, apart from the legendary big boss on the platform, there were also big bosses in the crowd below. For example, the legendary Mechanic Xiao Shuang was sitting in the audience this time to watch the commotion.

Under the gaze of countless eyes, the host in charge of presiding over the Mechanical Conference appeared. He introduced the judges, guests, and the arrangements of the Mechanical Conference today. Under the cameras of many media and official media, the conference officially began!

The first to go on stage was the scientific research results led by Dr. Mo Qing of Star Capital University.

Dr. Mo Qing was a top-notch mechanical master in his fifties. He was dedicated to the research field of combination machinery and cultivation and was also a strong contestant in the industry. After all, to be able to make a name for himself in technological places like Star Capital and Star Capital University, he had to have some skills.

[Skill Training Machine]

After Dr. Mo Qing went on stage, the white screen lit up, and words appeared on it. The Mechanics who were assistants carried a huge nutritional cabin-type machine to the center of the venue and installed it on the spot.

At the same time, Dr. Mo Qing chuckled and said,

“Everyone should be familiar with skill teaching machines and training machines. The market is filled with various technological skill training machines, and what we brought today is a little different from any kind on the market.”

Skill training machine…

There were actually many types of innovative machines that could be displayed in the Mechanical Conference. New mechanical pets, new training machines, new mechanical equipment, as long as they were related to machinery.

Among them, the skill machine was clearly the more convenient one. Who didn’t want their pets to easily learn a few more skills or quickly increase their skill proficiency?

“This skill machine mainly focuses on ‘dream training’.”

“At the moment, the training machines on the market are more targeted. They are all tailor-made for specific pets and specific skills. Moreover, they need Beast Tamers and pets to cooperate and use them. During the usage process, although it can more effectively increase the skill proficiency of the pets, similarly, Beast Tamers and pets also need to spend a lot of energy.”

“But this skill training machine is different. It can be used during the pet’s sleep and rest time, and it won’t make the pet feel tired the whole time. It also has the effect of strengthening mental strength.”

As Dr. Mo Qing finished speaking, the Mechanics and Beast Tamers present were stunned.

“Come.” Under Dr. Mo Qing’s greeting, an assistant carried a rabbit with green fur onto the arena. She quietly placed the low-level transcendent Whirlwind Rabbit on the skill training machine.

This skill training machine was similar to a huge nutrition cabin. After putting the Whirlwind Rabbit in, a special electromagnetic wave spread. At the same time, a new scene appeared on the screen.

On a green grassland, a Whirlwind Rabbit was running while frequently releasing wind blades.

“This skill machine can let the pet enter an absolute sleep state through special electric waves. Moreover, it can let the pet use its racial skills frequently in the dream according to a specific program. This isn’t just letting the pet dream. During this process, the special electric waves will also strengthen the dream’s physical memory and the pet’s mental strength, making the experience in the dream no different from the experience in reality, reaching the effect of increasing the skill proficiency.”

“It can be said that after the pet wakes up, due to the increase in mental strength, it won’t forget the contents of the dream, nor will it feel tired. Instead, the skill usage experience in the dream can be brought into reality!”

“After our experimental research, the fastest result at the moment is to let an ordinary Whirlwind Rabbit only need 11 months and 20 days to raise its wind blade proficiency to perfect level through daytime training and night machine teaching without any resources.”