Chapter 545 - Crossing Worlds (12)

“We’ve already carried out strict experiments on this.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

With that said, Shi Yu summoned the mechanical phantom beasts that had been modified in the ruins space. If the three that had just revived still retained the complete appearance of ancient creatures, then the ones Shi Yu summoned now, while retaining the appearance of ancient creatures, were all mechanical weapons!!

“Roar!!!”

Under everyone’s stunned expressions, mechanical winged dragons in armor, mechanical sword dragons holding mechanical swords, and mechanical armored dragons carrying mechanical shields and cannons appeared in front of everyone.

It attacked everyone’s values again, making them open their mouths wide.

This wasn’t the end. Shi Yu said, “Apart from archeology, this device can also mass-produce ancient mechanical phantom beasts through high-level fossils that contain a large amount of energy, creating a batch of new mechanical pets with potential and extraordinary strength. Just like now, they can be contracted.”

“But this way, it will continue to consume the energy of the fossil. Of course, it can also directly give the power of the entire fossil to a mechanical phantom beast. This way, the power it can inherit will be stronger.”

With that said, Shi Yu summoned another mechanical Tyrant Dragon. This mechanical Tyrant Dragon was wearing hardened armor. It was several meters tall and especially domineering!!

Boom!

An incomparable aura erupted from its body. It was the Tyrant Dragon that Shi Yu had experimented with at the start. Now, it had been completely studied by Ling.

“Roar!!! (I am the king of the earth!!)”

Under its roar, its information appeared on the screen.

[Race Name]: Mechanical Tyrant Dragon

[Attributes]: Machinery, Earth, Thunder

[Race Level]: Low-level overlord

[Level of Growth]: Transcendent

[Super racial skill]: Earth Domain, Earthquake

Energy Points: 7114

“In fact, as long as the level of the fossil is high enough and the mechanical modification materials are top-notch, it’s not impossible to revive an overlord race’s mechanical phantom beast.”

Shi Yu’s words were like a thunderclap in everyone’s ears.

Mechanics looked at the venue one by one.

At this moment, these legendary Mechanics and ordinary Mechanics were already completely stunned.

The audience on the Internet gradually lost their ability to think.

However, what made them numb was that Shi Yu was still talking and stimulating them.

This beast…

“In general theory, if the ancient fossils of the totem era can be revived, then the Mythical Creature fossils of the Mythical Era might be able to be revived. Although there have been no successful cases now, I believe that as long as we invest the money and continue researching, reviving divine beasts and materializing Mythical creatures into the Beast Taming Era to revive in the form of machinery, it might not be impossible.”

Shi Yu said, “I’m done.”

As soon as he finished speaking, the entire place continued to be dead silent.

[This is also a research result that can change the current structure of the Beast Taming Domain and even the mechanical domain!!]

Initially, everyone still felt that Shi Yu’s words were ridiculous, especially Dr Aqi from Shen Feng. But now, this was more than mere changing. This was simply tearing apart and rebuilding!!

The mechanical legends of the fourth bureau looked at Shi Yu in shock. They looked at this archeologist who had suddenly come to participate in the Mechanical Conference for no reason and the members of Bureau 11 who had come to participate in the Mechanical Conference and were a little stunned. Who told them what was going on?

It was fine if he came to participate, but was this result serious?

What the hell was this research result? How could it even create an overlord race mechanical pet!!!

What was even more ridiculous was that this guy wanted to revive a mechanical divine beast??

“What’s wrong with this guy?” Legend Xiao Shuang said in shock. Wasn’t this guy still a mechanical noob previously? Why did he suddenly become even more strange than a group of super mechanical masters in the fourth bureau?

This was something that a mechanical noob could develop?

At the side, General Xiao Qin was also extremely confused, but her gaze stared at the mechanical Sea Dragon with yearning.

There were Beast Tamers staring at those mechanical phantom beasts with yearning everywhere. Fang Lan’s red face was filled with urgency. She wanted it so much~

“This…” The host looked at the judging table and kept feeling that the scene was a little out of control. He kept feeling that everyone was already stunned by the results.

On the judging table, many big shots were silent. Even the Shen Feng Legend, who was extremely arrogant just now, cracked at this moment. He suddenly felt that Dong Huang was a little ridiculous.

Damn, an archeologist researched an archeological machine??

What a joke!!!

Were the people of this country serious!!!