Chapter 548 - The Fourth Bureau, Shi Yu (3)

Suddenly, Gao Xuan thought of something and recalled a comment on the Internet. That silly guy called [I’m not Buggy] predicted that Shi Yu would develop a new mechanical faction. Initially, Gao Xuan looked at this comment like he was looking at a fool, but now, he was suddenly a little confused and felt that reality was a little unreal.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

He quickly took out his cell phone and went to the blacklist to find that [I’m Not Buggy], but he suddenly realized that [This account has been deleted]…

Gao Xuan: “?”

At this moment, although no one wanted Shi Yu to leave the stage, it still had to end.

Ling, who was in the form of a Rubik’s Cube, had already come out from backstage and floated beside Shi Yu’s shoulder. It was being crazily photographed by the media with him.

At this moment, Xiao Qin and Xiao Shuang’s mother, the legendary Mechanic Mei Xiuying, took a deep breath and asked Shi Yu, “One last question. Did you really develop such a device just for archeology?”

Shi Yu was stunned. “Not entirely. Speaking of which, when I was young, my greatest dream was actually to be an astronaut and ride the machinery I created to the starry sky. Unfortunately, at that time, I didn’t have the financial conditions to go pursue the Mechanic class…”

“Becoming a Beast Tamer and an archeologist is something for the future. My greatest dream when I was young was to be a legendary Mechanic.”

“Now, half of my dream has been fulfilled.” Shi Yu sighed. Who didn’t have the dream of being a space person and a scientist when they were young?

Upon hearing that, many Mechanics were silent and sighed bitterly. Yes, if they remembered correctly, although Shi Yu was a genius, he seemed to be an orphan.

Mechanics were indeed not something that such a family could come into contact with. Only after Shi Yu rose through his archeological talent could he return to fulfill his dreams.

Dr. Mei was also extremely emotional… Unfortunately, if only Shi Yu had come into contact with the Mechanic class from the start.

No, it wasn’t too late now. She wanted this person in the fourth bureau!

However, at the same time, many spectators had strange expressions, such as Dr. Zuo, Xia Qingwei’s family, and President Ye of the third bureau of the Feeding Bureau, who were watching the Mechanical Conference before the live broadcast. Wait, wasn’t your childhood dream to be a legendary Feeder??

How many dreams did he have!!! Can he say them all at once and let them be mentally prepared?

….

At this moment, because the Mechanical Conference was broadcasted live on the Internet, the country was already in an uproar.

In Ancient Capital University, the Mechanic students were also paying attention to the Mechanical Conference.

A portion of the Mechanics of Ancient Capital University were forced to accept transfers here. A portion of them really liked machinery, but because their results were poor, they only got into the Mechanic class of Ancient Capital University and didn’t get into Imperial Capital or Star Capital University.

After coming to Ancient Capital University, although the Mechanic class of Ancient Capital University was more than enough to teach them, and the Mechanic knowledge of Ancient Capital University couldn’t be learned even after ten years… Every time they saw any extremely influential mechanical results from other schools, they looked at their own schools and the archeological machine research projects they participated in. The Mechanic students of Ancient Capital University couldn’t help but sigh.

It was at the bottom of the professional food chain of the major universities.

But today, they watched the entire Mechanical Conference in a daze.

In the end, they were simply impressed.

They all blushed. They understood that the Mechanic class of Ancient Capital University was about to take off this time. Just like the Feeding Department and the Battle Department, it was about to take off. Moreover, it was the same person who brought them up. This person was Big Boss Shi Yu from the archeology Department next door!!

Of course, at this moment, the students from the archeology Department and the Battle Department of Ancient Capital University, such as Yu Shu, Wang Ling, and the others who had seen the Mechanical Conference, also had strange expressions. It was difficult to understand!! Shi Yu, this beast… was he still human!!

Soon, as the display of Demon Capital University was completed, it barely struggled under the light. It was also time for the Mechanical Conference to take a break. During this process, the news of the mechanical phantom beast spread and fermented like a tsunami!!

Aqi, the legendary Mechanic from Shen Feng, left almost immediately and came to his room.

He took a deep breath and took out a machine with a mechanical fruit logo. This machine was like a large cell phone or a small computer.

Dr Aqi directly activated the machine.

At the same time.

On the other side of the ocean, in a very special communication room in this country with many titles such as the Nation of Divine Wind, the Nation of Divine Eagle, the Nation of Machinery, the Nation of Technology, and the Nation of Freedom, a young woman with wine-red hair and white skin was surprised and picked up the communication.

“Dr Aqi, what happened?”

At the moment, due to the totem area and various restrictions, the seven countries couldn’t communicate normally with technology at all. However, what Dr Aqi was using now was the latest research results of the Divine Wind Nation. Even if it crossed two countries, it could still communicate for a short period of time, but it would consume a lot of energy.

At this moment, the contact person in charge of contacting Dr Aqi saw Dr Aqi, who was communicating and learning in Dong Huang, suddenly activate this device and immediately realized that something big might have happened.

“Judy, listen to me first. Inform the association to collect ancient fossils from all over the country. I’ll send you the specific reason after sorting it out.”