Chapter 544 - Crossing Worlds (11)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Elder Liu was suddenly stunned. Dr. Mei widened her eyes. President Ma’s mouth opened slightly. Legend Ju from the seven islands took a deep breath. As for Shen Feng’s Dr Aqi, he directly faced Shi Yu.

“Dr Aqi, this is the real result.”

“Supplementing it with a special mechanical Soul Heart Fruit, the greatest use of this research result is to perfectly materialize the illusions of ancient creatures. Then, with the mechanical system, these illusions will be revived in the modern era in the way of mechanical phantom beasts.”

“Although they will lose most of their power after reviving, they can still preserve a portion of their power. As everyone can see, these three mechanical phantom beasts that revived in the form of mechanical lives each preserve a super racial skill.”

“Straightforward research on mechanical phantom beasts will be more convenient for archeological exploration of the totem era.”

As Shi Yu finished speaking, the legendary Mechanic from Shen Feng had already widened his eyes and revealed an incredulous expression. “How is this possible!!!”

At the same time, Gao Xuan, who was sitting in the Imperial Capital University seat, also shouted with his mouth open. He stared at everything and said, “How is this possible!!”

How could an ancient creature phantom become a mechanical life form? With that mechanical fruit just now, with this machine?

How was this possible!!

At this moment, all the Mechanics present widened their eyes. They really couldn’t believe this scene, but in order to make them believe, Shi Yu chose to continue the experiment.

He looked at the audience, at Legend Xiao Shuang, and in the direction of General Xiao Qin. At this moment, Legend Xiao Shuang, a genius Mechanic, also widened her beautiful eyes in disbelief. This was because her mechanical index had also detected the life fluctuations of these mechanical phantom beasts.

What Shi Yu said was true. These mechanical phantom beasts were real life forms!!

“It’s very simple to verify.” Shi Yu smiled and said, “Now, which audience is willing to contract these three mechanical phantom beasts and give it a try??”

Shi Yu’s words resounded in the audience like a bolt from the blue.

In the direction of Ancient Capital University, Dean Hao was the first to run down. He had been waiting for this moment. He said excitedly, “I still have a contract slot.”

Ancient Capital University, Mechanical College, Dean Hao!

Everyone knew this old man. Although he wasn’t a top-notch Mechanical Master in the mechanical field, he was still very capable to be the dean of one of the nine major universities.

At this moment, Dean Hao came down excitedly and walked onto the arena. Then, under Shi Yu’s nod, he excitedly contracted the mechanical Wind God Winged Dragon of the three mechanical phantom beasts!!

A purple contract halo appeared. Under the silence, the mechanical Wind God Winged Dragon blinked its clear eyes like a cub and accepted the contract of the old man in front of it without any resistance!

In the next moment, it was a scene that all Beast Tamers were extremely familiar with. The Wind God Winged Dragon that was just an illusion was directly contracted by Dean Hao into the Beast Taming Space in the form of a pet life!!

The purple light dissipated, and the Wind God Winged Dragon disappeared from the scene. Then, it was summoned by Dean Hao again. With a cry, it flew into the sky, and its wings emitted a green dragon-shaped light. It directly used the super skill that had been lost for tens of millions of years, the Wind God Wings!!

“As everyone can see, this is the skill that has been lost for tens of millions of years, the Wings of the Wind God.”

“Through this method, the lost skill can also appear again.”

Shi Yu’s voice echoed throughout the venue.

“I don’t believe it!!!”

At this moment, Gao Xuan couldn’t sit still in his original seat. He widened his eyes and wanted to get up, but he was immediately pressed down by the equally shocked principal of Imperial Capital University.

“Little Xuan, what are you planning to do?”

“I want to hit the wall and see if I’m dreaming.”

At this moment, Gao Xuan’s heart was beating crazily, and tears welled up. He looked at this scene in disbelief.

What… was going on?

At this moment, everyone was shocked. They looked at Dean Hao and the Wind God Winged Dragon in disbelief, and at the same time, at the Tyrant Dragon cub and the Sea Dragon cub.

How was this possible?

How could an ancient creature revive?!! Was this a miracle?

No, this was a miracle!!!

Everyone looked at the machines on the arena in confusion and at the people and beasts on the arena.

Mechanics, archeologists, and Beast Tamers watching the live broadcast all over the country had their eyes glued to the screen. They hugged the screen and observed in disbelief.

“This, how is this possible…” Even the legendary big boss of the fourth bureau, Old Master Liu, spoke in disbelief, unable to understand this phenomenon.

“How exactly did you do it?” The legendary Mechanic Mei Xiuying said in shock.

“I, I don’t understand.” The Mechanic from the seven islands felt that this world was so unfamiliar.

“…” Dr Aqi of Shen Feng didn’t know how to evaluate the thing in front of him. His words were stuck in his throat.

“This is what I want to show. The Ancient Beast Revival System can revive ancient creatures into the modern era in the form of mechanical lives through fossils.”

“At the moment, there are two major systems in the mechanical field. Smart life forms and biological modification. I think mechanical phantom beasts can completely form a three-way structure with the first two. This is because they have the common advantage of the two. The Mechanical Soul Heart Fruit contains intelligent chips that can allow them to infinitely increase their intelligence like intelligent life forms. At the same time, their bodies have inherited the power of ancient powerful creatures. Moreover, due to the speciality of the phantom body, the risk of mechanical modification is much lower than that of living creatures. In fact, at the phantom stage before revival, they can already be modified without harming the safety of the creature.”