Chapter 549 - The Fourth Bureau, Shi Yu (4)

“Eh??” The person named Judy was very surprised. “Dr Aqi, what exactly happened?”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Do as I say!” Dr Aqi said. Although Shen Feng had yet to master Shi Yu’s technology at the moment, Shi Yu’s invention had provided them with an idea. With the technological power of Shen Feng Nation that was so much stronger than Dong Huang’s, it might not be impossible to replicate!

Judy was first stunned, then she suddenly thought of something and said, “Dr Aqi, can you… tell me about it first?”

“What exactly did you discover?”

“Why are you talking so much nonsense!” Dr Aqi panicked.

Judy was stunned. “Because, because the Dong Huang exchange team that came to Shen Feng previously bought a huge batch of ancient fossils from us to use as a friendly memorial for Dongfeng. It’s quite a big batch…”

While buying a large number of mechanical materials, Dong Huang also used other rare resources to exchange for relatively low value fossils. Shen Feng was naturally happy to see this.

“???”

“Gfft!!” Dr Aqi’s vision darkened and he almost spat out a mouthful of blood. To hell with being friendly. Was this something a human could do?

“This, this, how can you guys give them away!!” He was furious.

“Those are core resources that are enough to impact the current structure of the mechanical field, a new mechanical faction!!”

“What?!!” Judy was stunned.

Dr Aqi sighed and said, “A Dong Huang person named Shi Yu. He developed a new mechanical faction called the Mechanical Beast. Through the ancient fossil, he revived ancient lives. The core resource used is ancient fossils!!”

“It’s alright. It’s impossible for the other party to completely buy everything. Moreover, if it really doesn’t work, we’ll start a war with the totem country and snatch some,” Dr Aqi said with a deep breath.

Judy was still stunned and didn’t react. She didn’t understand what it was that made Dr Aqi, who looked down on the mechanical field of other countries, have such a high evaluation.

“Shi Yu?? Who is this? A legendary Mechanic from Dong Huang? Also, reviving ancient lives?” She was deeply confused and shocked. God, was this not a miracle?

Dr Aqi shook his head and said, “This person… is just a 20-year-old archeologist.”

That day.

In Shen Feng Nation, many legendary Mechanics were shocked. This was the first time Shi Yu’s name had spread overseas in an extremely influential manner.

This also gave Dr Aqi, who was in Dong Huang, an important mission. He had to rope in and befriend this mechanical genius named Shi Yu, as well as exchange this technology with Dong Huang. The Shen Feng exchange team would immediately head to Dong Huang!

…

At that moment, during the intermission, Shi Yu was so busy that he exploded.

Because Legend Xiao Shuang, General Xiao Qin, Fang Lan’s parents, and Fang Lan had all come to find him to see the mechanical phantom beast.

Principal Feng, Dean Hao, and Grandma Li were naturally overjoyed the whole time.

For Principal Feng, it was because Ancient Capital University was about to take off again. For Dean Hao, it was because the Mechanic class was about to take off. In addition, he had contracted a mechanical phantom beast. According to Shi Yu, the Wind God Winged Dragon fossil+machinery phantom beast sprout+his own modification… This could completely reach the overlord race in the future! This was even his first pet with overlord potential!

As for Grandma Li, or the greatest winner, she was originally the person who collected the most fossils in Dong Huang. She was the highest authority in the fossil field. More than 60% of the rare fossils in Dong Huang were in her hands. Two months ago, she also bought a large number of foreign fossils through the Dong Huang exchange team. This wave also took off directly.

Of course, they had obtained benefits. Since Shi Yu was the founder of this domain, there would definitely be many benefits in the future.

“Little Lan, do you have any thoughts in the future? When the time comes, I’ll revive a mechanical phantom beast of a transcendent race for you first. This way, it’ll be easier for you to contract it. In any case, you can still modify and upgrade it in the future.” In the preparation area of Ancient Capital University, Shi Yu smiled at Fang Lan.

“Sister Xiao Qin, do you want one? Don’t you also know mechanical modification? I remember you still have a contract slot, right?”

Shi Yu was naturally not stingy with his own people. Well, in the future, he would also arrange for mechanical phantom beasts for Senior Lin, everyone in Ping Cheng, An Chang, and every member of the Environmental Protection Department. A monarch race could definitely attract people.

“…”

Shi Yu kept promoting these mechanical phantom beasts to his acquaintances and gave them to the Yu family.

“Thank you, Senior Shi Yu. I want the Tyrant Dragon. Roar.” Fang Lan almost hugged Shi Yu’s thigh. Fortunately, she was stopped by her parents.

At the same time, Father Fang and Mother Fang advised her earnestly. The Tyrant Dragon was famous, but it couldn’t fly. Their family studied aerial machinery. Was this appropriate?

Xiao Qin was also rather embarrassed, but it was difficult to refuse. After all, it was a pet with overlord potential, and the Mechanical Sea Dragon looked pretty good. It was very compatible with her navy identity… It looked like she had to work hard for Shi Yu to repay her debts.

The Environmental Protection Department was so fragrant.

“Shi Yu.” Legend Xiao Shuang looked at Shi Yu with a deep gaze, very confused.

She said, “You should understand what your research results mean, right?”

Shi Yu also looked at Legend Xiao Shuang in the fourth bureau and nodded heavily. “It means that Sister Xiao Shuang, we can become colleagues soon.”

Xiao Shuang : “…”

Xiao Shuang opened her mouth slightly, but she couldn’t refute because the fourth chat group had already exploded.

Many mechanical big shots who had not appeared for a long time, and even some retired mechanical big shots, appeared one after another to discuss the mechanical phantom beast.

This research result was undoubtedly worth the research of the entire country, just like the green cocoon system.

Dr. Mei Xiuying had even recommended to the bureau to let Shi Yu join the fourth bureau and integrate the resources of the fourth bureau to open the research of the mechanical phantom beast domain.

[The telepathy talent is very suitable to command the mechanical army and become the core. Why was such a talent and genius suitable for the Mechanic class intercepted by Bureau 11, the third, and the first bureau first? It shouldn’t be.]

[But it’s not too late now.]

[He has already displayed such mechanical talent. It’s indeed suitable to absorb it into the fourth bureau to nurture. It’s a pity to waste this good talent.]

[Machinery phantom beast, a genius idea, and it actually succeeded. Impressive. By the way, who’s Shi Yu?]

[Elder Hu, you’re already 150 years old. Don’t interfere in these things and retire in peace.]

[Bastard, I’m not old yet. Moreover, aren’t we encouraging old people to be agile and find jobs again now? This mechanical phantom beast is quite interesting. I want to help!]

[…]

Gao Xuan was silent in the group chat. He trembled and didn’t dare to say a word. He should be the protagonist today… This was too much. Was this forcing him to develop a mechanical domain even more impressive than a mechanical phantom beast!!

…

“Sister Xiao Shuang, are you here to invite me to join the fourth bureau?” Shi Yu looked at the black-haired beauty in front of him.

Xiao Shuang was speechless. How could he be so direct?

However, judging from the discussion in the bureau, there was an 80% chance that the fourth bureau would accept Shi Yu. They even had to beg Shi Yu to come. After all, such a big project would undoubtedly become a national project. As the founder, Shi Yu couldn’t not have the corresponding identity.

In order to better carry out this project, the seniors in the fourth bureau definitely hoped that Shi Yu would know more about the Mechanic class and accept the system’s mechanical training like Gao Xuan.

At the same time, they could also obtain more information on mechanical phantom beasts from Shi Yu.

Xiao Shuang wanted to say something but hesitated.

“I understand. The responsibility will also be greater if I add more departments, but I’m already prepared.”

Shi Yu had a serious expression. It couldn’t be helped. The greater the ability, the greater the responsibility. In order to expand, scale, and standardize this project, he had to guide these Mechanic seniors.

“Talk in detail… talk in detail…”

This time, it was epic strengthening!

In the fourth bureau, he could choose any of the top-notch mechanical materials in the mechanical index and Dong Huang’s mechanical warehouse. It was just a matter of time for Ling to research himself into a quasi Mythical race!!! Super mecha, starry sky battleship, mechanical illusion god, he could have them all!