Chapter 542 - Crossing Worlds (9)

Looking at Shi Yu, he looked very confident…

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

At this moment, under the gaze of everyone, Shi Yu first walked to the counter filled with fossils and took out a Tyrant Dragon fossil.

“Everyone, look here first. This is a fossil of a Tyrant Dragon. The Tyrant Dragon is an earth overlord that has been extinct since the totem era. It’s a top-notch transcendent creature on the ground. At the moment, our archeological research on the Tyrant Dragon can only rely on fossils.”

Then, Shi Yu took out another Sea Dragon fossil and said, “This is a fossil left behind by the Sea Dragon, a top-notch transcendent creature in the sea of the totem era.”

He continued to take out a fossil and said, “This is a fossil left behind by the Wind God Winged Dragon, a top-notch transcendent creature in the sky of the totem era.”

Shi Yu held these fossils and said, “They all have one characteristic. They have completely disappeared from this world. We don’t have much to do with their archeological research anymore.”

“However, through this machine, we can restore their true appearance and even the state of the ancient world more clearly with these ancient fossils! Everyone, please wait and see!”

Under Shi Yu’s voice, everyone saw Shi Yu place the three fossils on the display table of the huge archeological machine.

Then,

The booth emitted light, and the light ball enveloped the three fossils.

Then, the entire altar-like archeological machine suddenly flickered!!!

An extremely illusory huge projection appeared on the altar.

This altar was like a virtual projection device. Through these fossils, it displayed a very magical scene.

On the altar was an extremely unfamiliar environment.

Some unknown special plants were everywhere, and the surrounding energy fluctuations were filled with natural wildness and ancient aura.

Seeing the projection, many people were stunned.

At this moment, Shi Yu’s voice slowly sounded. “In the fossils of powerful ancient creatures, there will be traces of time. These traces of time will record the state experienced by some ancient creatures in the form of fossil dreams.”

“However, it’s very difficult to pry into this kind of fossil dream!”

“Only through the transcendent Dream Steal skill and a special meditation technique created by Emperor Shi can there be a 1% chance of spying!”

“Therefore, under normal circumstances, this kind of dream back to ancient times is impossible to achieve. Our research on ancient fossils also stopped here. However, through this machine, we can finally cross this step.”

“Moreover, it can even materialize them in reality in the form of a dream illusion!”

As Shi Yu finished speaking, a deafening roar came from the altar.

The environment became a scene of the sky and the ground coexisting.

In the sky, a streamlined Wind God Winged Dragon with a wingspan of 11 meters swooped down and directly grabbed the Tyrant Dragon cub below to bite and kill!!

Wind-element skill, Ripping Claw!

The overlord aura on its body was incomparably rich, shocking everyone. Its green sharp claws instantly divided the Tyrant Dragon cub into two.

After the Tyrant Dragon cub was killed and hunted, on the ground, an incomparably huge Tyrant Dragon phantom condensed. It raised its neck and let out an angry roar, releasing the Earth Domain. It used the earth element to condense the Space Splitting Sword and slashed at the sky.

Boom.

The overlord aura tore apart the surrounding sky and tore off the single wing of the Wind God Winged Dragon.

Gulp.

A moment later, the Tyrant Dragon and the Wind God Winged Dragon disappeared, and the illusion turned into the sea. The humid aura made everyone feel that it was really the deep sea in front of them. A lizard-shaped ancient creature, the Sea Dragon, slowly appeared.

It roared, and the deep sea immediately trembled.

“This is…”

Seeing the clear illusion of an ancient creature, many Mechanics widened their eyes.

Especially Legend Ju and Dr Aqi. They took a deep breath and were rather shocked.

Be it those Wind God Winged Dragons or Tyrant Dragons, the various countries only had fossils and uncertain images.

But now, Shi Yu actually directly used this archeological machine to display their three-dimensional forms and the environment they were in in ancient times through illusions?

On Imperial Capital University’s side, the old principal and Gao Xuan of Imperial Capital University were stunned. They suddenly recalled something. When Shi Yu challenged Imperial Capital University, the Butterfly of Imagination had conjured the phantom of the Tyrant Dragon!

That was the ability of the Butterfly of Imagination!

But now, Shi Yu had actually modified this ability into a machine?

“This guy.” Gao Xuan’s expression froze. He didn’t expect Shi Yu to have such talent.

But just this was not enough.

Changing the situation… Stop kidding.

At this moment, Shi Yu stood in the arena and smiled.

“Unlike the images and habitat environment of ancient creatures simulated by other machines, this machine can directly spy on the traces of time on the ancient fossil itself. In other words, the illusions in front of me are all scenes they really experienced when they were alive.”

“Through this machine, we can more accurately observe the full appearance of the ancient era.”

“From these illusions, we can clearly discover those lost skills we’ve never heard of, ancient resources we’ve never seen, and extinct creatures we’ve never come into contact with.”

When Shi Yu finished speaking, many Mechanics cast shocked gazes. They didn’t expect Shi Yu to really be able to develop something useful.