Chapter 543 - Crossing Worlds (10)

In front of the television, archeologists and ancient scholars looked at the machine in shock. They found it unbelievable and immediately had a new opinion of Shi Yu’s talent.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Even on Ancient Capital University’s side, Principal Feng, Grandma Li, and the others were stunned. Wait a minute, wasn’t he going to display the mechanical phantom beast? Didn’t mechanical phantom beasts only materialize and create through the abilities of Shi Yu and the Butterfly of Imagination?

Why did Shi Yu suddenly create an ancient phantom materialization machine?

When did this happen?

“The illusion just now was indeed incomparably realistic. In fact, even super skills like the Earth Domain and the overlord aura could be displayed through the dream illusion. Unbelievable, this is a machine you developed??” Elder Liu looked at Shi Yu in disbelief. If it was developed by other mechanical masters, he would barely accept it. However, how was it possible for Shi Yu, an outsider younger than Gao Xuan, to do this?

“That’s right. This is the machinery I developed with the ability of my Butterfly of Imagination as the blueprint,” Shi Yu said with a nod.

As soon as he finished speaking, Xiao Shuang and Xiao Qin were extremely stunned. Shi Yu actually had mechanical talent?

At the same time, the spectators who were originally looking forward to Shi Yu’s performance were also extremely shocked. They didn’t expect Shi Yu to actually develop such a high-end machine.

However…

“There are also Beast Tamers who have mastered the ability you mentioned in the Shen Feng Nation. They’re called Dream Stealers. This one of yours is indeed a very impressive invention. It can be considered a perfect combination of machinery and archeology. However, it’s not enough to say that it’s rewriting the structure of the Beast Taming and even the mechanical domain, right?” Dr Aqi asked.

Although this research result was indeed extraordinary, forget about rewriting the structure, it was even far inferior to Gao Xuan’s research results. At most, it was slightly stronger than the dream training device of Star Capital University.

“I never said that I was done showing it.” Shi Yu chuckled.

At this moment, under the control of Ling backstage, the machine once again conjured illusions through the three fossils.

In the next moment, accompanied by three roars, the huge bodies of the three ancient overlords appeared in reality again. They descended around Shi Yu in the form of illusions!!

Shi Yu slowly walked to the display cabinet containing fossils. He opened a drawer and took out three mechanical Soul Heart Fruits. These were made by the Soul Heart Fruits created by Baby Ginseng and the smart chip.

With the three Mechanical Soul Heart Fruits in hand, Shi Yu slowly walked back to the spot. At this moment, no one knew what Shi Yu wanted to do, but in the next moment, the three ancient overlords suddenly opened their mouths. At the same time, Shi Yu threw the three Mechanical Fruits he had just taken out into their mouths!!

“This is…???”

“What’s going on? What did he feed those illusions?”

Shi Yu’s actions confused everyone.

However, what was even more confusing was still to come!

After eating the Mechanical Soul Heart Fruit, the auras of the three ancient overlords suddenly began to change.

A dazzling white light flickered on the three huge overlords. This scene that looked like the light of evolution directly stunned everyone!!

Under the flickering of the evolution light, the bodies of the three huge beasts began to change. They didn’t expand, but shrank as the light flickered.

Soon, their bodies shrank to more than a meter. Then, their full appearance appeared in everyone’s vision!!

It was more than a meter tall, and its entire body was yellow-brown, like a baby Tyrant Dragon. Its pupils flickered with light…

It spread its wings for more than a meter and was completely gray, but it still retained the posture of a Wind God Winged Dragon…

As for the young Sea Dragon, it was lying on the ground like a huge lizard…

At this moment, when they saw the three huge illusions suddenly shrink, everyone couldn’t react for a moment. But in the next moment, the detection device on the huge screen was activated.

Everyone was naturally familiar with this detection device.

Previously, a team had created new mechanical pets and used detection devices to test energy and other data.

This was a device specially used to detect the various attributes and energy information of transcendent creatures. It was one with this exhibition venue.

At this moment, under everyone’s incomprehension, several rows of words appeared on the huge screen.

[Race Name]: Mechanical Tyrant Dragon

[Attributes]: Machinery, Earth

[Race Level]: Low-level monarch

[Level of Growth]: Transcendent

[Race Skill]: Advanced Intelligence, Earth Domain

Energy Points: 3143

…

< Name > Mechanical Wind God Winged Dragon (Machinery Beast)

[Attributes]: Machinery, Wind

[Race Level]: Low-level monarch

[Level of Growth]: Transcendent

[Race Skill]: High-level intelligence, Ripping Claw, Wings of the Wind God

Energy Points: 3019

…

< Name > Mechanical Sea Dragon (Machinery Beast)

[Attributes]: Machinery, Water

[Race Level]: Low-level monarch

[Level of Growth]: Transcendent

[Race Skill]: High-level intelligence, Water Dragon Bite Explosion, Water Dragon Bullet

Energy Points: 3080

[Machinery Beast Revival successful!]

At this moment, the entire place suddenly fell silent. Everyone’s brains couldn’t react for a moment.

They looked at the three smaller creatures that were identical to the Tyrant Dragon, the Wind God Winged Dragon, and the young Sea Dragon. For a moment, their breathing was a little rapid. They looked at the words on the screen in confusion.