Chapter 541 - : Crossing Worlds (8)

Dr Aqi snorted. “This is still alright. It’s not that difficult.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

At this moment, everyone could tell that Dr Aqi was stubborn. At the same time, they were extremely impressed by Gao Xuan.

“Gao Xuan is awesome.”

“As expected of a super mechanical genius who was sucked into that place at the age of 13…”

As Gao Xuan finished showing it, be it the scientific research teams of Star Capital University or other universities, their expressions turned cold.

Unbelievable.

The most unbelievable thing was that Gao Xuan was only in his early twenties, but he had already developed this kind of technology that could move even legendary Mechanics. It was a transcendent initial skill chip!!

And it was a high-level concealment skill.

How much was Gao Xuan’s mechanical proficiency?

After Gao Xuan got off the stage, the media quickly took action like hungry dogs. They felt that this ethereal bracelet could definitely cause a new wave like the previous green cocoon.

On the Internet, the Beast Tamers were envious again and wanted one.

“Not bad!!” On Imperial Capital University’s side, after Gao Xuan returned, the old principal of Imperial Capital University laughed and said, “Just as Old Liu judged, the Gold Award of the Mechanical Conference will definitely be yours.”

“Well, it’s still hard to say.” Gao Xuan was humble for a moment and said, “After all, there are still so many financial groups and research teams who haven’t gone on stage.”

“There’s no need to be too humble. Your research is extremely meaningful even in the previous Mechanical Meetings,” the old principal of Imperial Capital University said with a smile.

“The next display team is Ancient Capital University, right?” Gao Xuan took a deep breath and looked in the direction of Ancient Capital University.

“Well…” The old principal of Imperial Capital University also looked over in confusion. She naturally saw the interview and knew that Ancient Capital University was displaying it with Shi Yu as the representative.

“You’re concerned about that Shi Yu. Don’t worry, after this Mechanical Conference, you can definitely slowly surpass him,” the old principal of Imperial Capital University encouraged with a smile.

Although it was a little difficult, it was definitely not a problem to gradually narrow the gap.

“I hope so…” Gao Xuan took a deep breath. He had an ominous feeling…

A moment later, it was time for the eighth place, Ancient Capital University.

The host was still introducing it.

“Then, let’s invite the eighth team to showcase…”

“It’s a new archeological machine brought by the archeology Department… A second-year student, Shi Yu.”

After the host finished speaking, everyone present felt that this scene was familiar.

It seemed that someone had also participated in a certain meeting as an archeologist.

However, the last time was the Feeding Conference, and this time was the Mechanical Conference.

As a powerful Beast Tamer, Shi Yu had graduated from the high school Feeding Department. It was fine if he knew a little Feeding.

But this time, the mechanical domain had nothing to do with him.

“I wonder what kind of archeological machine it is…” However, everyone was still curious.

After all, Shi Yu was too famous.

On the Internet, pairs of eyes also became especially serious.

After the host finished speaking, Shi Yu walked to the arena under the serious scrutiny of Elder Liu, Dr. Mei, President Ma, and Legend Xiao.

At this moment, after Shi Yu went on stage, Bean Bears more than a meter tall also went on stage.

As heartless porters, they carried a huge machine. Apart from that, a Bean Bear carried a display cabinet filled with ancient fossils up. As for Ling, he ran underground to be in charge of connecting and assembling.

The huge machine was like an altar. In the center of the altar was a booth. Apart from that, there was nothing else. It was very simple.

Seeing this, everyone gulped. They didn’t understand what this was. An archeological machine?

They looked at another glass display cabinet that the Iron-eating Beast had carried up. They recognized the things on it. Weren’t those strange rocks fossils??

What was he doing?

After Shi Yu went on stage, he looked at the entire venue and the judging table.

“Hello, everyone.” Shi Yu smiled and said, “As everyone can see, this is a machine used in archeology. Moreover, it’s a machine for archeology through ancient biological fossils.”

“This is also a research result that can change the current structure of the Beast Taming Domain and even the mechanical domain!!”

Whoosh!!!

When Shi Yu finished speaking, everyone was in an uproar.

Gao Xuan himself was stunned.

Was he deliberately looking for trouble???

“This is the super archeological genius ranked fifth under the age of 30 in Dong Huang?” Dr Aqi and the Legend Ju had also heard of Shi Yu’s famous name, but according to their understanding, this Shi Yu was a genius archeologist, not a Mechanic.

Now, what was going on?

A research result that could change the current Beast Taming Domain structure and even the mechanical domain structure??

Why was it the same tone as the super mechanical genius of Dong Huang just now?

What was going on!

What was wrong with the young people of Dong Huang!

“This…” President Ma and the others were stunned.

After all, logically speaking, Shi Yu was here to showcase an ordinary new archeological equipment. What was he saying?

At the same time.

Under the cameras of many media outlets, Shi Yu’s figure was spreading crazily.

Everyone’s gazes gathered on Shi Yu, wanting to see what this genius from the archeological world had come across the world to do.