Chapter 547 - The Fourth Bureau, Shi Yu (2)

In short, next, it might start the fossil fever in the country. A large number of Beast Tamers would devote themselves to the Mechanic excavator specialization and dig rocks everywhere.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Yes, that’s indeed the case.” Dr. Mei was dazzled as she looked at the young man in shock.

She was very familiar with Shi Yu. Her two daughters had come into contact with Shi Yu, but she never expected that the genius Beast Tamer her two daughters mentioned could one day cause such a huge impact on her in the mechanical field.

“I…” President Ma of Star Capital originally thought that the shock from watching the battle between Shi Yu and Ji Feng was big enough. At that time, when he heard that Shi Yu wanted to participate in the Mechanical Conference, he didn’t think too much about it. However, he didn’t expect that Shi Yu didn’t follow the routine… He didn’t follow the routine!!

Was he still human? It was fine if his battle power was so impressive, but archeology and feeding were also so powerful. The key was that now, his mechanical achievements had also become epoch-making results. How could he be like this? What would other geniuses think!

Of course, the most shocked were still the two foreign friends.

Regarding the annual Mechanical Conference of Dong Huang, they had originally come with the mentality of watching a show.

But now, they gradually realized that their brains weren’t enough.

The legendary Beast Tamer of the seven islands, Madam Ju Qianyao, suppressed her trembling heart and felt that it was ridiculous. It was difficult to imagine that she had only come to Dong Huang to exchange and learn symbolically at the request of the higher-ups. During this process, she actually encountered such an epoch-making invention?

Moreover, such an epoch-making invention was invented by a 20-year-old young man from another country?

What did Shi Yu say he invented it for? Yes… archeology… He called this an archeological machine?

He wanted to understand the Mythical Era and directly revive the divine beast and ask it directly, right?

“This person has to be remembered…” Legend Ju Qianyao looked at Shi Yu carefully and thought that she definitely had to transmit the news of Shi Yu and the mechanical phantom beast back to the country. This person was simply a super genius that only appeared once in a hundred years. If only she could dig him to the seven islands.

At the moment, the seven countries were in an alliance. Unlike the totem clans who wanted to destroy the geniuses of the seven countries, the seven countries were relatively harmonious on the surface. If a large-scale totem battle occurred in a country, the other countries would even send more troops. In this context, the seven countries usually used various methods to poach the geniuses of other countries to their countries to serve their countries.

Ju Qianyao saw that Shi Yu was young and should be at the stage where he was facing countless temptations. No matter how much it cost, it was worth it to dig up such a talent.

“Why, why would such a genius appear in Dong Huang? Is it really just an archeologist?” Dr Aqi of Shen Feng also fell into a deep silence. At this moment, he didn’t know what to say, because with his shallow mechanical knowledge, he actually couldn’t understand how this mechanical phantom beast revived.

Forget about this machine, what was that so-called Mechanical Soul Heart Fruit??? Spiritual energy, spatial energy, and the power of time that Shi Yu mentioned just now. How could such a little kid play with the technological system of space and time?

Dr Aqi didn’t understand.

At this moment, the entire venue was still in a strange atmosphere.

Everyone stared intently at the mechanical phantom beast on the arena and the fossils on the stage.

They actually… didn’t want Shi Yu to leave at all.

The skill training machine and the Ethereal Bracelet didn’t give them much of an impact, but this so-called “archeological machine” simply filled them with curiosity. Tell them more, tell them more, introduce more.

There were still so many fossils!!! Revive more for them to see, don’t stop!!

The first two were only effective in fixed domains. The skill training device was for low-level Beast Tamers with superior family backgrounds who were willing to work hard. The latter was for master-level Beast Tamers who often carried out dangerous missions and could afford the Ethereal Bracelet, or for Beast Tamers in the army to distribute it uniformly. It had little to do with them.

However, the results Shi Yu brought were completely to open up a new domain. It could lead to a new industry and let countless people dig up fossils. It could also lead countless Mechanics to devote themselves to the research of the mechanical phantom beast domain. It could even let a powerful race like the mechanical phantom beast attack the current Beast Taming structure and form a complete chain.

At that time, traditional Beast Tamers, feeders, archeologists, and Mechanics would all go crazy.

Moreover, Shi Yu even drew a big picture and said something about reviving divine beasts…

The Mythical Domain was the common pursuit of Beast Tamers for millions of years, the highest pursuit.

“Lost, completely lost.” Professor Mo Qing of Star Capital University smiled bitterly with shock. When Gao Xuan went on stage, he originally wanted to struggle, but Shi Yu’s research results directly crushed everything.

He originally thought that it was just a dream device, but… materializing a dream or reviving a dream illusion was simply a legendary method.

Such an invention would probably even alarm that mechanical legend.

“Shi Yu…”

At Imperial Capital University, Gao Xuan still couldn’t calm down. Shouldn’t the Mechanical Conference be the stage for him to display his results? Shouldn’t the normal script be for him to win the Gold Award of the Mechanical Conference and leap into the sky with this? Why, why did Shi Yu, an archeologist, also come to interfere and do this?

He felt that the Mechanical God was joking with him.