Chapter 540 - Crossing Worlds (7)

“Etherealization, this term might not be unfamiliar to everyone. When the Beast Tamer level reaches level seven, they can use the Beast Taming Space to develop various legendary skills. Among them, etherealization is a self-protection skill that allows the body to turn ethereal and hide in an alternate space to make oneself invincible.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Therefore, after Beast Tamers reach level seven, their safety ability can be greatly improved in wild battles. However, for low-level Beast Tamers, they can’t master etherealization. Their own safety, even with the protection of various equipment, is still very easy to fall into a dangerous situation.”

“Among the skills of pets, there’s a skill called Concealment. When the skill proficiency of Concealment reaches transcendent, pets can use this skill to help Beast Tamers enter the Concealment state. The current state is very similar to etherealization.”

“The etherealized bracelet I developed is a kind of spatial system that has mastered transcendent-level concealment at the start. At the same time, it can sense danger and assist Beast Tamers in entering the etherealized state.”

“Its cost price is not high, and it can be mass-produced. Beast Tamers above the master level can afford it. Moreover, it can be maintained with electricity.”

“Holy shit.” As soon as Gao Xuan finished speaking, cries of surprise immediately came from the crowd.

Apart from those who already knew, even Mei Xiuying, President Ma, Ju Qianyao, Xiao Shuang, and even Dr Aqi, who had never been moved before, were shocked.

What, what did this kid say just now?

“This…” On Ancient Capital University’s side, Principal Feng, Dean Hao, Grandma Li, and the others also looked at the ethereal bracelet in Gao Xuan’s hand in shock. Even Shi Yu was slightly stunned. What was going on?

On the Internet live-stream, the comments and comments were all impressive.

This Gao Xuan…

It seemed like he had indeed researched something impressive.

Spatial support mechanical pet!

Moreover, if the cost wasn’t high, could the wealth of a master-level Beast Tamer afford it?

Let a master-level Beast Tamer master legendary skills in advance?

For masters who were idle in the city, this might not be very valuable.

But for those masters of the Beast Tamer Troops, this thing was simply equivalent to a second life.

In war, if this thing was given to a master-level Beast Tamer, the effect it could display could even be said to be able to reverse the battle!!

After all, be it transcendent-level Concealment or legendary skills, they were things that many Beast Tamers couldn’t even dream of. On the market, there were many life-saving equipment and life-saving pets, but in terms of the strongest life-saving effect, it was definitely still spatial!

The research results Gao Xuan took out immediately made everyone silent.

Shi Yu’s expression also turned serious for a moment before quickly relaxing. This thing was definitely more important than the skill training machine. This Gao Xuan was indeed something.

In the arena, under Gao Xuan’s instructions, an assistant and pet to assist in the experiment came up. The assistant was a young man. He was wearing an ethereal bracelet, and the pet opposite him was a Thunder Wolf.

The Thunder Wolf condensed the Thunder Fang and charged at the young Beast Tamer. However, in the next moment, as if passing through a phantom, the attack failed. With the support of the phantom bracelet, the young man safely ignored a fatal attack!

“A very outstanding research result!!!” Seeing this, Dr. Mei laughed and glanced at Elder Liu beside her. She didn’t expect Gao Xuan to still have this hidden move. She actually didn’t know that Gao Xuan was researching this kind of thing.

“Yeah! If we popularize this in the Beast Tamer Troops, the casualties can be effectively avoided.” Old Liu also nodded with a smile.

“Heroes come from youths,” President Ma said. The one who developed such a mechanical life form was actually a young man in his early twenties? Was this a genius?

On the stage, Gao Xuan smiled and said, “I’m done showing.”

“Excuse me, is this also in Shen Feng?”

With that said, he looked at Dr Aqi of Shen Feng. At this moment, Dr Aqi was very silent. As expected of a mechanical genius who had awakened his talent. Naturally, there was no such thing in Shen Feng. However, Dr Aqi still smiled and said stubbornly,

“Student Gao Xuan is indeed a genius. It’s true that the Mechanics of Shen Feng have never studied this thing. It’s mainly because we believe that attack is the best defense. The price of occupying a contract slot for a protective machine is too high, even if it has a transcendent initial skill chip. Moreover, it doesn’t seem to have a high growth rate… If we can optimize it to a certain extent and increase its battle potential, it will indeed be like what Student Gao Xuan said. It will be a result that is enough to change the structure.”

Gao Xuan grinned and clenched his fists.

This thing was not prepared for powerful Beast Tamers in the first place. It was prepared for ordinary masters, so it reduced the cost as much as possible. This would be easier to popularize.

Just like Shi Yu’s research on the green cocoon, it could change the structure of a fixed level.

“Dr Aqi, this is already a very impressive result,” Legend Ju praised. “I feel that Student Gao can completely take first place in this conference. The most important skill is not the Ethereal Bracelet, but the transcendent initial skill chip, and it’s a high-level spatial skill.”

“Even you, Dr Aqi, can’t let a new machine have a transcendent high-level skill, right?”