Chapter 546 - The Fourth Bureau, Shi Yu (1)

At the National Science and Technology Exhibition Center.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

A silent aura filled the entire place, and countless people looked at the venue.

Many legendary Mechanics on the platform wanted to say something but hesitated.

Mechanical phantom beast!

Collect the common merits of intelligent life and biological modification?

How ridiculous!!!

The advantage of intelligent life machinery was that it could fuse with intelligent chips and constantly increase its learning ability. It could be used to assist in various jobs and had a rich skill pool.

As for biological modification, it could make up for the racial shortcomings of some pets through the mechanical system and specifically strengthen their merits, making them stronger!

The two couldn’t be combined, because there was a conflict between the smart chip and life intelligence. However, what this mechanical phantom beast meant was… not only could it inherit the powerful race of ancient creatures and modify it, but it could also make the smart chip its intelligence core?

This, this, this… A path that had always been imagined but never realized!

The thing was there was more!

Most importantly, he used just a portion of the power of the three fossils to create three mechanical creatures of monarch races?

Using an entire fossil could potentially create an overlord race?

What was even more ridiculous was that it actually said that there was hope of reviving a divine beast?

Fortunately, Shi Yu didn’t really successfully revive the divine beast at the conference. Otherwise, he would probably directly become the fuse for the next totem battle!

“…Da da da.” Old Liu, who was in the Fourth Bureau, clicked his old teeth.

Obviously, he was shocked to the extreme.

At this moment, he had completely forgotten about his student, Gao Xuan, and the Mechanical Conference. He only wanted to satisfy his curiosity.

He said, “Then, those three fossils are all level-seven fossils, right? How many of these mechanical phantom beasts can be created with these level-seven fossils? Apart from fossils, what’s the cost of this machine?”

Shi Yu looked at Elder Liu and said, “A level-seven fossil can be revived with this device. With mental energy and spatial energy as energy, it can probably create about 100 mechanical phantom beasts of monarch races or mechanical phantom beasts of overlord races.”

“The cost of the machine isn’t high, and the energy cost of materializing illusions isn’t very high either. However, the creation of the Mechanical Soul Heart Fruit is a little troublesome, but I’ve already completed a stable manufacturing channel. It can be used on a large scale.”

“Ba.. Ba…” Old Liu was shocked.

A fossil could actually create so many mechanical phantom beasts??? This system was actually so perfect?

There weren’t many fossils, but there were definitely a good number. In various places, it wasn’t a rare resource. The collection value was greater than the use value, but such a pile of collection resources could actually be converted into so many pets with powerful potential?

The initial stage was a low-level monarch race… After all, the greatest characteristic of Mechanics was that the replication of upgrades and evolution was extremely high. In addition, mechanical phantom beasts had the merits of intelligent life and biological modification. It was not wrong to say that their potential was huge.

Moreover, the significance of an overlord species pet was much greater than 100 monarch species!!!

Even if it was a one-time use, if there were hundreds of mechanical phantom beasts of overlord races, Dong Huang’s national strength would greatly increase.

“You said that this machine referenced skills like Dream Steal and Phantom Illusion…”

“Then, if we don’t rely on machines and use skills like Dream Steal and Illusory Phantom to materialize the dream illusions of living overlord-level and totem-level creatures, can we also transform them into mechanical phantom beasts?!” Dr. Mei asked with rapid breathing, suddenly thinking of this possibility.

Below, Shi Yu was stunned. He said regretfully, “I’ve thought of that too, but unfortunately, reviving mechanical phantom beasts requires the power of time. Only the ancient phantom with traces of time conjured from the ancient fossil containing traces of time and the mechanical Soul Heart Fruit that contains the power of time can allow the ancient phantom to revive in the modern era.”

“However.” Shi Yu looked up with a smile and said, “However, as long as we perfectly preserve the bones of the powerful creatures now, many years later, they might also contain traces of time. At that time, they can be like the heroic spirit ruins in the ancient capital, passing the power of the powerful guardian of our era to the future to form a stable mechanical phantom beast system.”

Shi Yu’s answer made the mechanics present curse.

A stable… overlord race cultivation channel???

Although the time span was a little long, as long as it lasted for ten thousand years, it seemed like… it could really be formed?

Keeping the body parts of powerful creatures was much easier than letting overlord creatures give birth to a child!

Shi Yu’s invention was even more impressive than Emperor Shi’s heroic spirit ruins.

“Of course, not every powerful creature can accept such a method, but the fossils that this world has preserved for hundreds of millions of years are enough for us to develop this system,” Shi Yu said.

Blue Planet was different from Earth. Ancient creatures were also transcendent creatures. It was easier for them to leave traces. Therefore, on Blue Planet, there were many fossils of ancient creatures, especially fossils of powerful creatures.

Therefore, even if fossils were consumables, the fossils accumulated over hundreds of millions of years on Blue Planet were still a considerable number. Compared to worrying about not having enough fossils, it was better to worry about the production consumption of the Mechanical Soul Heart Fruit… After all, without the support of the ginseng baby, it was still quite troublesome to nurture it on a large scale.