Chapter 558 - Changing Fate (1)

Ancient Capital, Undead Battlefield.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

A young man holding a longsword cut the undead one by one.

After cutting fodder for a while, Shi Yu heaved a sigh of relief. He felt that the pressure had been lifted, but not completely.

He held the spatial sword that combined hardening and space vibration and felt that being strong was lonely.

In the end, the opponent was still too lousy.

At this moment, Shi Yu’s weapon was updated again.

Because the Ice Dragon Blade was swallowed by Susu, it was useless and thrown away.

As the lightning was not easy to control, Shi Yu often electrocuted himself. He was not used to it and threw it away.

This longsword was actually not very useful.

It was mainly because the rebound of space was not small. Every time he slashed, Shi Yu would feel dizzy.

If it was used too many times, it would be like motion sickness.

Shi Yu directly stabbed it into the ground and buried it deeply. He didn’t want it anymore. He would give it to a fated person. In any case, the shelf life wasn’t long.

“Jiu ~ ~”

Beside him, a dark blue little sparrow with flaming tail feathers was also chattering unhappily.

Too weak, too weak. Not only did Shi Yu not slash them to his heart’s content, but it also did not burn them to its heart’s content.

There was no increase in proficiency at all…

At the moment, Chi Tong should be the pet with the highest proficiency in super skills in the team…

Its Interlocking Sword and Spirit Release skills were about the same (Expert+5). It was normal that they couldn’t increase.

The former was due to the fact it had digested the Gemini Silver Armor, and the latter was because it had swallowed the soul pearl of the overlord of the Undying Race…

“It can’t be helped. The powerful undead were either killed by the Undying Dark Phoenix last time or hid and didn’t dare to come out…” Shi Yu shrugged and looked at Little Chi Tong.

Chi Tong: QAQ!!

“Ning!!!” Shi Yu and Chi Tong were not very happy, but Susu, who was beside them, was very happy.

The Undead Battlefield was a place filled with curses and plagues. It was very relaxing to cleanse it.

He just hated that he was too weak and couldn’t cleanse it perfectly.

Although it had purified a large area of flawless land along the way, it would probably be corroded by plague and curses soon after leaving.

Purification was not easy. Susu sighed.

It shook its ice-blue body with the frost crown. After its excitement was endless loneliness.

Now, Chi Tong and Susu looked a little strange.

For example, Chi Tong had changed from the bird spirit form of the orange-red sun to the bird spirit form of the blue ghost fire.

Susu, on the other hand, changed from its jelly-like water slime form to the form of the Ice Slime King with a frost crown.

This was a new form that Shi Yu had recently developed for them.

The principle was also very simple.

Chi Tong’s bird spirit form was originally mainly to release the power of the sun. Then, as long as it restrained and suppressed the power of the sun and used the Nether Cold Fire as the power displayed, its appearance would naturally change.

Be it undead or elemental life forms, it was quite easy to change their appearance.

As for Susu, it was because it had stored the Cold Sky Water in its body.

Although it had yet to devour it, this legendary resource had also given it a second attribute, ice.

In addition, it had mastered the Dao Proficiency Blizzard, the expert level Water Element Control, and ice water. It was very simple to change its elemental form into an Ice Slime.

Even the index could be deceived.

In fact, it wasn’t a lie. Susu, who was now a middle-level overlord race, was no longer a water slime. It was just that it had been maintaining its water slime form previously.

In fact, it wasn’t a lie. Susu, who was now a middle-level overlord race, was no longer a water slime. It was just that it had been maintaining its water slime form previously.

Soon, he would be going abroad. Shi Yu naturally chose to listen to President Lin’s suggestion and decided to change their image.

As for himself, he just had to change his clothes a little with white hair.

Apart from him, the pets also had to change appearance and appear in a new manner.

This way, not many people could recognize him.

Chi Tong often appeared in the form of a sword spirit. Very few people had seen it in the form of a bird spirit. Moreover, its strength system had changed from the Sun Flame that countered undead to a pure ghost fire. Its image and aura had changed drastically, and it was impossible for anyone to recognize it.

As for Susu, it went from an ordinary Water Slime to the Ice Slime King. It also looked brand new.

Apart from that, Ling knew the Hundred Transformations skill. After completing its evolution, it would also look new.

On this trip abroad, Shi Yu planned to use the three of them as the main force so as to train these three. As for Eleven, Buggy, and Baby Ginseng, he would seal them first.

Compared to Chi Tong, Susu, and Ling… Eleven, Buggy, and Baby Ginseng were more representative.

Moreover, according to the order of adding points, the three of them were also the first to add points. They just had to wait for the automatic upgrade in the ruins, but there was no need for training.

“Roar!!! (I am the overlord of the earth!!)”

Of course, apart from the few of them, Shi Yu also had a burden.

It was a Tyrant Dragon cub nearly two meters tall.

< Name > Mechanical Tyrant Dragon

[Attributes]: Machinery, Earth

[Race Level]: Low-level overlord

[Level of Growth]: Transcendent

[Race Skill]: Basic Intelligence (Intermediate Mechanic Skill, Entry), Space Splitting Sword (High-level Earth Skill, Entry), Earth Domain (Earth Super Skill, Entry), Earthquake (Earth Super Skill, Entry)

Energy Points: 7116

It held a long rock sword in each of its short hands, playing the dual-blade style.

This was the Tyrant Dragon that Shi Yu, Ling, and the others had been experimenting with. At this moment, its form was no different from that of a normal Tyrant Dragon cub.

The excess mechanical modifications were all taken down by Ling, and the skills such as lightning and storage lightning were naturally forgotten.