Chapter 554 - About The Top Four Of The Sequence Becoming My Bodyguard (5)

Although… The effect was a little unsatisfactory.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

However, Shi Yu also knew that legendary resources relied purely on luck. There was nothing to choose from.

For example, Eleven’s legendary resource. He originally wanted a legendary metal-element resource to strengthen life or energy, but in the end, it gave him a metal-element and lightning-element resource that could strengthen the physique and have a chance of awakening the white lightning.

On Baby Ginseng’s side, what Shi Yu wanted the most was earth-element and light-element resources that contained the power of mutation stimulation. Of course, time-element resources were definitely better, but it was impossible for there to be. In the end, on the association’s side, there was only one earth-element legendary resource to increase life force for Shi Yu to choose from.

< Name > Divine Earth of Life

[Attributes]: Earth

[Level]: Level 9 (Legendary-level)

< Introduction > It’s a soil that contains strong life force. Even if an ordinary tree is planted on it, it might bear a Fruit of Life after a long time.

Obviously, what Shi Yu obtained was an earth-element resource that increased life force. It was definitely useless for Baby Ginseng’s mutation and evolution. Of course, it didn’t mean that it was useless for Baby Ginseng. It was just like Eleven’s situation last time. The association was still very kind. This resource was also very suitable for Baby Ginseng.

After all, supplement races relied on vitality and energy.

His ginseng baby had the source of life skill, and the source of life was a physique skill. Its proficiency could be increased by absorbing life resources. With this divine earth of life, it was estimated that without Shi Yu adding points, after completely absorbing it, it could directly let the proficiency level of the source of life reach perfect level. Apart from that, its own life attributes would also undergo a qualitative change.

Shi Yu thought about it and felt that it was not bad. After all, after Baby Ginseng’s vitality increased, it would be easier for him to add points. After contracting an overlord pet, its endurance would also be higher.

This legendary resource could be used!

As for the evolution resources, he would talk about it in the future. Perhaps when he went to the Phoenix Race’s mystic realm on the seven islands, he could casually find them and pick them up.

Apart from that, the association also gave an additional legendary resource. To be precise, it was distributed to the Environmental Protection Department and specially given to Susu. It looked like this World Tournament was really unusual. The association directly accelerated the cultivation progress.

< Name > Cold Sky Drop

[Attributes]: Water, Ice

[Level]: Level 9 (Legendary-level)

< Introduction > It can give second attributes to water and ice-element pets and strengthen the attributes of water and ice-element pets to the limit.

It was still a relatively ordinary resource. It was considered a strengthening-type resource, but it was better than nothing. In any case, it was just a monarch breaking through to overlord. It didn’t need any good resources. It was already not bad if it was useful.

After all, in the entire world, there shouldn’t be many Beast Tamers who would give their pets a legendary resource to lay the foundation for them when they broke through to the overlord level at the monarch level.

At this point, Eleven’s Aurora Magnetic Gold, Buggy’s Green Sky Divine Dragon Ball, Baby Ginseng’s Divine Earth of Life, Chi Tong’s Bone Sword, and Susu’s Cold Sky Droplet were all in place.

As for Ling, it had the fourth bureau index, the Wind Kirin fossil, three Hundred Transformations Stones, two billion top-notch mechanical materials, and the fourth bureau mechanical materials warehouse.

For Mechanics, knowledge was a resource. If Ling could fuse with the Wind Kirin fossil and quickly develop a Mythical Phantom, this wouldn’t be inferior to any legendary resource.

In addition, just as Grandma Li had said, there was also a Mythical fossil in the Dong Huang Resource Bank, but it was said that its race was unknown. It only had the power of a god. Shi Yu didn’t want this fossil, but left it for the third, fourth, and eleventh bureau.

This was an opportunity for the three bureaus to work for him.

After all, Ling couldn’t study the two Mythical fossils either. And if they were placed over there, there would be a bunch of legendary Mechanics in the fourth bureau to help study the Mythical Beast. After the progress was out, they could also share the knowledge with Ling. This way, Shi Yu didn’t believe that Ling couldn’t make huge progress in a short period of time.

Now, Shi Yu could be said to be rich.

He returned to Ancient Capital University and planned to continue his seclusion to increase his points while waiting to go to the seven islands. However, just as he returned, the gem cat came looking for him.

” ~” The gem cat looked at the rich Shi Yu in front of it and drooled. Damn it.

“How’s the matter we talked about last time? How is it?”

“Let’s form a company together and earn big money!!”

“You’re in charge of contributing, I’m in charge of bringing the goods.”

“The company’s name will be Shi Yi Group. It suits your and Eleven’s names.”

Shi Yu glanced at the gem cat in front of him and shook his head. “There’s no need. I don’t lack money for the time being. Let’s talk about it after the world competition.”

The gem cat: ???

Why didn’t he keep his word!

“How much can a level-five or six resource be sold for? It’s even difficult for Eleven and the others to accumulate a legendary resource after tiring themselves out. Why don’t we wait until the world competition and they break through to the overlord level? It’ll be easy to earn.” Shi Yu smiled and said, “Moreover, Teacher Cat, prepare yourself. We’ll go to the Phoenix Race mystic realm mentioned by the Undying Dark Phoenix later. It’s said that Mythical and legendary resources are everywhere. Isn’t this faster than selling resources!”

The gem cat was angry. Then, its entire body went limp. Forget it, it made sense.

“Right, right?” Shi Yu chuckled. Who knew that he would become rich so quickly after the Mechanical Conference? If he had the time, he should let his pets train their willpower more. He wondered if he could get the overlord’s will before the world competition.

However, he could take the time to create some, but not to sell them. For example, he could get some skill water drops and give them to Senior Lu to increase her strength.

It was already very obvious now. The core of this world competition was clearly him and Senior Lu, the two archeologists. They were fifth and sixth in the Sequence. As for the four legends in the top four of the Sequence, they were just bodyguards who explored the Mythical Ruins.

Archeologists were indeed a good profession. The top four of the Sequence became his bodyguards!