Chapter 559 - Changing Fate (2)

The reason why they did this was because Ling and the others realized that it was not easy for the modified body to recall its previous skills.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

However, even if it abandoned the equipment other than the smart chip, the mechanical Tyrant Dragon only awakened the Space Splitting Sword, an earth-element skill that increased the damage to flying pets.

Tyrant dragons like the overlord aura, brute force, and desolate body… Because its body was essentially an illusion and not a physical body, it couldn’t successfully recall it at the moment.

“The data collection is complete,” the white-haired loli on the green Rubik’s Cube screen said crisply beside the mechanical Tyrant Dragon.

< Name > Ling

[Attributes]: Machinery, Wind

[Race Level]: High-level monarch (Quasi overlord)

[Level of Growth]: Monarch Level

[Race Skill]

“Advanced”: Hundred Transformations (Dao Proficiency), Advanced Intelligence (Dao Proficiency)

“Super Level”: Wind Element Control (Expert)

[Teaching Skill]

[Intermediate]: Super Sight (transcendent)

“Advanced”: Clone (transcendent), Multiplication (transcendent), Absolute Sleep (transcendent), Deterrence (transcendent), Loading (transcendent), Mechanical Space (transcendent)

Energy Points: 3,610,000

After using the three new wind-element Hundred Transformations Stones to upgrade himself, Ling successfully broke through to the monarch level and improved her all-round qualities.

The greatest change was the Wind Element Control skill. Because of the lead of the Wind-element Hundred Transformations Stone, it had reached expert level.

At this moment, there was actually a large amount of mechanical materials left in the ruins space. Ling planned to use them to modify the loading and mechanical space into racial skills. Apart from that, he also had to use those mechanical materials to study the Wind Kirin fossil and the mecha form. These were not things that could be completed in a short period of time.

“Then let’s stop here. We’ll go to Wu Ling City.” Shi Yu stretched.

Don’t let Senior Panda wait too long.

“Also, when are you going to upgrade its intelligence? Its basic intelligence doesn’t look very smart…” Shi Yu said.

The mechanical Tyrant Dragon widened its eyes.

Ling shook his head crazily and said, “If it’s too smart, it won’t cooperate with my research.”

“Next, I plan to evolve it into an ‘earth-element dragon’! This is a very important experimental process before fusing with the Wind Kirin fossil.”

The mechanical Tyrant Dragon still widened its eyes.

“Roar! (Is that… still the overlord of the earth?)”

Ling comforted it and said, “Don’t worry, I won’t give you wings.”

The mechanical Tyrant Dragon roared happily.

Change, change. When it became stronger and stronger, it would take back all the pressure it had suffered these days!!

Let Shi Yu and the others understand who the real king was!

The mechanical Tyrant Dragon immediately imagined the scene of it ascending to the throne and commanding the Iron-eating Beast Army to dominate the ground under the respectful expressions of Buggy, Baby Ginseng, and Shi Yu.

“Roar…” The Tyrant Dragon continued to roar.

Shi Yu, Chi Tong, Susu, and Ling frowned. Compared to high-level intelligence, basic intelligence was indeed inferior.

This was all Shi Yu’s fault. In the beginning, he didn’t have the money to get high-level intelligence and only gave it basic intelligence…

….

As Shi Yu headed to Wu Ling City, he called Principal Feng.

In Ancient Capital University, the busy Principal Feng was stunned. In fact, he was a little afraid of Shi Yu’s call, afraid that he would accidentally cause trouble again… Fortunately, it was just a question this time.

“Principal Feng, what’s going on with the Iron-eating Beast Army and the Green Silkworm cocoon army? I heard they’re under my name?” Shi Yu’s curious voice came from the other side.

“Yes, it was appointed by you when you were cultivating in the Space Emperor Ruins. Be it the Iron-eating Beast Army or the Green Silkworm cocoon army, they’re all related to you. In the end, they will all belong to the Dong Huang Environmental Protection Department. They’re in charge of the ecological protection of the Dong Huang Sea, the Continent, and the Space Regions.”

“I see. In other words, Legend Hua, a legendary Beast Tamer, is also my subordinate??” Shi Yu was slightly shocked, but he suddenly felt that something was wrong.

“Sort of… Legend Hua is very interested in the Green Silkworm cocoon system.”

“Apart from these two legions, it’s said that under Dr. Mei’s suggestion, the Mechanical Beast Army is also about to be established. General Xiao Qin is the commander and chief Mechanic, who is also under your Environmental Protection Department.”

“I heard from Dr. Mei that your Environmental Protection Department is idle. General Xiao Qin and the other two members have nothing to do all day. Why don’t you train your soldiers and strengthen the foundation of the Environmental Protection Department?”

“If you’re free, you can take the time to give guidance. After all, if this kind of heavily supported new recruits want to fight for more military funds, it still depends on actual results and battle power.”

“You should be very good at guiding iron-eating beasts, green cocoons, and mechanical phantom beasts. After all, you were the one who created them.”

“For example, the current first-rank Ye Xing’s ‘Star Army’ has won the honor of being the number one unit in the army for three consecutive years. It’s also because he’s number one in the army’s martial arts competition and the army he brought is the number one in the army that he’s so strong. They’re all invisible resources!”

“Cough, cough, cough. Of course, I also know that you’re not free. I was just saying.” Principal Feng laughed. At the moment, it was more important for Shi Yu to increase his strength as soon as possible.

After all, President Lin had already appointed Shi Yu and Lu Qingyi to participate in the world competition. Principal Feng could only sigh and express his support.