Chapter 551 - About The Top Four Of The Sequence Becoming My Bodyguard (2)

With Dong Huang’s resources, it wasn’t impossible to pile Shi Yu up to the “titled level” and let Shi Yu break through the restrictions of the telepathy talent Beast Tamer to have the battle power of a titled level. It wasn’t impossible for him to become the first legendary Beast Tamer with the strength of a titled level.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“In my opinion, let’s not go. Although there are many Mythical ruins over there, it’s not like our Dong Huang doesn’t have Mythical ruins,” Principal Feng said.

He had changed his mind again, mainly because he was excited by Shi Yu at the Mechanical Conference. Why didn’t he study such an impressive system like the Mechanical Beast instead of going to the World Tournament!

“It’s different. Inatella Island has only opened once in so many years. Who knows when the next time will be?” Shi Yu said. “Besides, I still have a reason why I must go.”

“Apart from courting death in the ruins, what other reason can you have!” Principal Feng said.

“I do have a reason.”

“Didn’t Senior Lu want to go too? If I go too, I can at least protect Senior Lu and take care of each other,” Shi Yu said seriously. This sentence directly made Principal Feng open his mouth wide. He didn’t know how to refute. Bastard, using Lu Qingyi as a shield?

The big shots of the other bureaus were also slightly stunned before looking at Principal Feng.

Of course, Shi Yu’s words were half true and half false. In fact, he had been studying the skill index these few days.

He had been studying that locked [Technique Fusion] ability.

In Shi Yu’s opinion, this ability might be the most critical function to reach the Mythical domain.

Shi Yu tried many methods to unlock this ability.

After a while, although he didn’t succeed, what made Shi Yu very silent was that he received the feedback of the index. Just like how he instantly knew the usage of the index when he first awakened it, he suddenly knew how to unlock this ability!

[Technique Fusion] (locked)

< Introduction > It can fuse two or more skills that have reached perfect proficiency into new skills. The higher the skill proficiency, the higher the compatibility between the skills, and the higher the success rate of fusion. The success rate of fusion will also depend on the physique of the Beast Tamer and the will of the pet.

[Unlock Condition]: Obtain the Blessing of the Planet’s Will

It wasn’t waiting for him to have reached the Legendary level, nor was his physical fitness insufficient…

Instead, like the general teaching methods of those skills, it needed the power of the outside world.

Shi Yu was extremely silent. What else could he do?

“Let him go.”

Just as everyone was expressing their views on Shi Yu wanting to go to the World Tournament, a young man’s voice suddenly came from outside the room.

Everyone was stunned and subconsciously looked over. They saw a pair of slender hands push open the door. The first thing they saw was a woman in ancient clothes.

Her skin was fairer than snow, and her eyes were like a pool of clear water. When she pushed open the door and looked forward, she had an elegant and elegant aura, making people feel inferior and not dare to profane her. However, her cold, arrogant, and agile appearance was quite enchanting, making people unable to not dream about her.

Shi Yu looked at the woman in white ancient clothes with a sword at her waist and was very surprised. He felt that the other party’s appearance was only below the Dragon God. It was enough to compete with Senior Lu in her elven form. Who… was this person?

“Legend of the Divine Bell, and President Lin?” Many big shots present exclaimed and stood up.

Behind the woman was a handsome young man in his twenties in luxurious clothes. However, the aura between his eyebrows was filled with vicissitudes, not like a person of this age.

Upon hearing Principal Feng and the others’ surprise address, Shi Yu immediately realized and immediately stood up.

Sequence two, the descendant of the mechanical legend, the legendary Beast Tamer, Divine Bell!

The other was Lin Feng, a descendant of Legend Lin Feng who had succeeded the position of president of the Dong Huang Association after the legend of the divine source abdicated. Although he looked young, he was already more than a hundred years old.

He was the person with the most prominent status in Dong Huang apart from the mechanical legend. He could command the many totems left behind by Lin Feng, as well as the overlord and totems that had received Lin Feng’s guidance.

When he saw two figures related to the legendary Beast Tamer, Shi Yu was instantly stunned. Why was the other party here?

But soon, he understood. It must have been him.

“You’re Shi Yu, right?” President Lin looked at Shi Yu.

“I am, President Lin.” Shi Yu looked at this “young man” with a calm expression.

President Lin Xiao smiled faintly and said, “Thank you for your contribution to Dong Huang. You just said that you wanted to participate in the World Tournament, right?”

The legendary Beast Tamer, Shen Ling, sized up Shi Yu with her beautiful eyes. She had naturally heard of Shi Yu. She only felt that Shi Yu was a very strange person. He had an ordinary background, but he quickly rose up. To have such achievements, even if it was a listening to historical talent, it was a little ridiculous.

Of course, Shi Yu also felt that the Divine Bell Legend in front of him was very strange. She was clearly a descendant of the founder of the Dong Huang Mechanic class, the Divine Source Legend, but she was dressed in ancient clothes and even wore an ancient sword… It was fine if she didn’t inherit the family assets, but why was she becoming more and more backward?

“Yes.” Shi Yu nodded.

“President Lin, you just said to let Shi Yu go??” Principal Feng blinked. You know that this guy contracted the Blue Sea Sprite Reincarnation, contracted the heroic spirit of General Mu Huiyin, contracted a bunch of overlord species pets, and even developed many shocking results such as the Green Silkworm cocoon and mechanical phantom beasts.

Why were they letting him go out instead of watching over him?

“Yes.” President Lin nodded and looked out the window. “The awakening of the World Tree is not as simple as it looks. My ancestor once talked to the World Tree and was one of the few people who knew some secrets.”