Chapter 557 - The Three Armies Under Shi Yu (3)

She only called after the Mechanical Conference ended.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Senior Lin, what’s wrong?” Shi Yu smiled.

He was just about to look for Senior Lin after killing the monsters when the other party called first.

“I’ve seen the Mechanical Conference. How did you develop a mechanical phantom beast? It’s too powerful.” Lin Xiuzhu was very excited.

“I was lucky, I was lucky,” Shi Yu said.

“Well, I want to ask if it can revive the fossil of the iron-eating beast ancestor!!” Lin Xiuzhu said excitedly.

“I remember that the Iron-eating Beast ancestor appeared ten million years ago in the totem era, right!”

Shi Yu was stunned. As expected, Senior Panda was still thinking about pandas.

Shi Yu said helplessly, “We indeed have the fossil of the Iron-eating Beast ancestor here, but the Iron-eating Beast ancestor is just a very ordinary bear-type carnivorous transcendent creature. It’s not even metal-element. It only evolved into metal-element later. There’s no research value.”

“The true stage of the Iron-eating Beast race’s development was when a certain faction developed an evolution form through Yun An and various special metals thousands of years ago.”

Even Emperor Wu only inherited the evolution system of the mysterious faction in that totem era.

Unfortunately, at this time, no iron-eating beast fossils were born. Moreover, after Emperor Wu Dynasty, the iron-eating beasts seemed to have been wiped out, producing history and inheritance gaps, and their numbers decreased greatly.

“Wow.” When the panda senior heard this news, she was immediately worried.

No.

She had waited for nothing.

“Alright… By the way, I broke through to the master level.” After complaining, Lin Xiuzhu immediately reported the good news to Shi Yu.

In the beginning, Lin Xiuzhu was only a high-level Beast Tamer. Because she was in the Feeding specialization, she didn’t care much about cultivation. Her chances of breaking through to the master level weren’t high in the short term. However, as the Iron-eating Beast’s status rose, the Lin family rose from the richest family in Ping Cheng to the richest family in Icefield City. The Lin family had more resources to nurture heirs.

Senior Lin directly used a pile of cultivation resources to reach the master level.

“Really?” Shi Yu was stunned and immediately congratulated her. Then, he asked, “Senior, where are you now? I have a gift for you.”

“Gift? What is it?” Lin Xiuzhu was curious.

“The level of hardening that can allow your Iron-eating Beast to have a huge increase in resources again. After using this, you should be able to let it complete its evolution. At that time, your metal-element strengthening talent and nurturing method, together with the Nine Li Battle Beast of a high-level monarch race, will make you even more powerful.” Shi Yu smiled.

Hardening Memory Water!

Although when they were together, Eleven would help Senior Lin’s Iron-eating Beast increase its hardening level whenever it was free, it was still too slow. However, now that he had the memory water drop, the speed could increase greatly.

On the other side, Lin Xiuzhu was stunned before being pleasantly surprised.

The reason why she was already at the master level and wasn’t in a hurry to let the Iron-eating Beast evolve was firstly because she wanted to save more money to buy evolution materials. Secondly, because the skill level of her Iron-eating Beast had yet to reach the limit Shi Yu mentioned.

“I’m not in Ping Cheng now. I’m in Wu Ling City, not very far from the ancient capital. Why don’t I go find you?” Lin Xiuzhu said.

“Eh? What are you doing in Wu Ling City?”

Lin Xiuzhu said, “Iron-eating Beast Corps.”

“The Iron-eating Beast Corps has already started to form. It has officially become one of the seven new pet armies supported by Dong Huang this year. My father is Commander, and Junior White Brook is Deputy Commander. Oh right, she has also contracted an Iron-eating Beast. It’s also a royal. After fusing, it’s very cute.”

“And I’m the chief feeder of the Iron-eating Beast Corps.”

“By the way, by the way, one of the seven new pet armies Dong Huang is supporting this year is related to you. It’s the Green Silkworm Army. Well… To be precise, it’s the Green Silkworm cocoon army. Legend Hua Xiajin is the commander, and Dr. Zuo Jiangyun is the chief feeder.”

“These two armies are both under your command, although I don’t know how the Beast Tamer Troops arranged it…”

“This…” Shi Yu held the phone with a surprised expression.

“Belong to me? Why didn’t I know… Forget it, I’ll ask later.”

Was someone deliberately letting him enter the military?

It seemed normal. He still had a general position in Dragon Palace City.

However, compared to the person in charge of the Green Silkworm cocoon army, the person in charge of the Iron-eating Beast Corps was a little low.

Well… That made sense. This was still normal. After all, the Green Silkworm cocoon system had been perfected, and it could definitely form battle power.

As for the Iron-eating Beast Corps, it was at most an investment at the current stage. After all, the evolution materials were too expensive, and Yun An had yet to be caught. It was better to use the Green Silkworm cocoon army.

“But I feel… from the current situation…” Senior Lin said,” Why do I feel that the country will add another mechanical phantom beast army to the pet army that is heavily supported this year… ”

She had a strange expression. At that time, Shi Yu would be the commander-in-chief of the three armies?

“Haha, if that’s the case, that’s interesting,” Shi Yu said.

In Dong Huang, the overall weight of the Beast Tamer Troops was even higher than Division 13. They were the core power to protect Dong Huang. If a war happened, they would definitely be at the front line.

Back then, if it weren’t for the orphan benefits and the successful loan to buy the Iron-eating Beast, Shi Yu might have joined the army and waited to be assigned pets.

However, although he didn’t successfully join the army, Shi Yu was also very emotional because he had given birth to three special soldiers.

The Iron-eating Beast Army, the Green Silkworm cocoon Army, and the mechanical phantom beast army.

“I’ll look for you later. I want to see what this Iron-eating Beast Army looks like,” Shi Yu said.

“Alright ~ Then you have to come and let Eleven teach them a lesson. Let them know how to work hard like the three little Iron-eating Beasts of Ancient Capital University.” Lin Xiuzhu had a headache. “Soon, there’s still the New Recruit Tournament. In their state, I feel that they will definitely be last.”

“Alright.” Shi Yu smiled. Wasn’t it just a mental seal?

Let Eleven use max-level deterrence to wash their minds and immediately become a hardworking panda.

As the future national treasure army, its thinking couldn’t fall. Moreover, this army was still under his name, so they couldn’t drag him down.