Chapter 561 - Changing Fate (4)

Those who performed well could even obtain the opportunity to evolve the Iron-eating Beast. The evolution materials were still included by the country!

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

At this moment, Zhuang Yue almost cried. She felt that her years of persistence had not been in vain. She was determined and answered the country’s call to join the army with her Iron-eating Beast.

Although it would be very bitter, the benefits and treatment of a high-level professional Beast Tamer were already an opportunity that many Beast Tamers couldn’t obtain even after working hard for their entire lives. After all, the master-level Beast Tamers in Ping Cheng were only in the single digits. In the eyes of ordinary people, high-level Beast Tamers were already dragons and phoenixes among men, the level of graduates from the nine top universities!

Moreover, the country had already paid for the cultivation cost of the iron-eating beasts. They only needed to train hard. Was there a better chance to change their fate than this?

Zhuang Yue was just one of the many Iron-eating Beast Tamers. These Iron-eating Beast Tamers from all over the country had similar experiences as her.

The Iron-eating Beast was originally an ordinary pet of a transcendent race, but now… it was filled with endless possibilities.

Every Beast Tamer who came to the Iron-eating Beast Corps had endless anticipation and looked forward to the future.

Thank you, Iron-eating Beast, thank you, Shi Yu.

“Sister, are you from Ping Cheng? Why do you look so familiar?”

“More than half of the people here are from Ping Cheng. There’s nothing strange, right?” Zhuang Yue looked at the young man in front of her.

“Hahaha, that’s true. Let me introduce myself. My name is Jiang Rui. I was once an apprentice at Bamboo Stone Dojo and was even lucky enough to be insta-killed in a battle with Shi Yu. Hello.”

Zhuang Yue: “?”

Why did he sound so proud?

At this moment, an older young man in a new recruit uniform passed by.

“Yo, you’re the junior brother of Bamboo Stone Dojo. You’ve fought Shi Yu before? Hahaha, not bad. I’m your senior brother, an apprentice of the dojo a few years older than you. My name is Yan Qi. I once taught Shi Yu’s Iron-eating Beast the ‘Thunder Palm’ skill. Hahahaha.”

Yan Qi, the little bear who had once been a security guard at the training base of Mt. Tian Mang, stretched out his tongue and laughed crazily with a smug expression.

“What?!!” The new recruits’ camp was in chaos. Many Beast Tamers from Ping Cheng flaunted their relationship with Shi Yu.

Instant kill could be used as a topic of conversation. Those who taught Shi Yu were even more like gods, attracting the envy of the Beast Tamers in other cities.

Outside Emperor Wu Ruins, thousands of new recruits were here to undergo recruit training. After all, this was the use of Emperor Wu Ruins.

…

In another direction.

Similarly, a new army had gathered.

Green Silkworm cocoon army.

The registration conditions of the Green Silkworm cocoon army were a little diversified. Unless it was a mental strengthening talent, Beast Tamers who contracted a Green Silkworm with perfect proficiency worm silk could register.

After registering, Beast Tamers with mental strengthening talent would be given free Green Silkworms with perfect skill proficiency. After that, including all other Beast Tamers, the army would help the Green Silkworm evolve into a Green Silkworm cocoon for free.

If the Iron-eating Beast Corps gathered Beast Tamers who had contracted Iron-eating Beasts in their early years for various reasons, then a portion of the Green Silkworm cocoon army gathered “Shi Yu’s fanatical fans”.

Because once the results of the Green Silkworm cocoon system of the Feeding Conference were announced, Dong Huang welcomed a bug-catching frenzy.

Most of the people who contracted Iron-eating Beasts had metal-element strengthening talent, but the evolution of the spiritual-type Green Silkworm cocoon didn’t have such strict requirements for the Beast Taming Talent. Spiritual-type Psychic power was a hundred times better!

Here, a similar situation was happening to the Iron-eating Beast Army.

A young man with the ginseng baby whiskers of the Refreshing Capsule and Baby Ginseng in his pocket laughed and said, “Speaking of which, you might not believe me, but Shi Yu’s first time battle was taken by my Brother Chen Kai.”

“I’ve witnessed Shi Yu’s growth all the way! I know that there must be someone among you like me who didn’t have a mental strengthening talent and went bankrupt to buy a Green Silkworm with high worm silk proficiency. I’m very nervous now, but let me tell you, I definitely won’t lose out!”

“Do you see him? He’s the nephew of our president of Ping Cheng. He’s already here. Moreover, I have news. Do you know who our commander is? The legendary Beast Tamer, Hua! Xia! Jin!! Have you seen a legendary Beast Tamer leading a newbie team? What kind of treatment is this!”

“…” Beside him, a young man was silent. It was surprisingly President Feng’s nephew, who Shi Yu had defeated outside the Ping Cheng ruins. These people had contracted a Green Silkworm with very high skill proficiency under the recommendation of their elders and came to the Green Silkworm cocoon army to further their studies.

Many people chose an unknown path because of Shi Yu. Many people changed their lives and fate to a certain extent because of Shi Yu.

At this moment.

In the center of all the storms, the protagonist of all events, Shi Yu, had already arrived at the center of the new recruit camp under the Instant Transmission of the traffic worm.

Outside the door, Lin Xiuzhu, who was wearing a panda suit, immediately waved with a smile when she saw Shi Yu.

Shi Yu also walked up with a smile.

“Senior Lin, long time no see.”

“It’s been a long time!” Lin Xiuzhu said helplessly, “I thought I was busy enough, but I feel that you’re even busier than me.”

“I should be pretty free these few days.” Shi Yu smiled. He just had to keep adding points these few days. There was nothing else. Apart from studying, the cooldown period for adding points was also taken up by meditation. He was indeed free before heading to the seven islands.

“Senior, let’s go in first and discuss something.”

“Huh??”

Shi Yu and Senior Panda directly entered the room inside. During this period, Shi Yu told Lin Xiuzhu his opinion. He said, “I want the Iron-eating Beast Corps to become the first army in this batch of new recruits.”

“Huh?” Lin Xiuzhu had just sat down when she was shocked by Shi Yu. Although she also wanted it to be first in the Iron-eating Beast Corps, the chances were too small.

For example, the green cocoon army led by Legend Hua next door couldn’t be defeated 100%.

“How are your military expenses arranged?” Shi Yu asked.

Lin Xiuzhu said, “Apart from daily food, nutritional supplements, supplements, and medicine expenses, Bamboo Stone Dojo also provides cultivation methods and resources for Thunder Palm, Cannon Fist, and Giant Transformation. I hope these Iron-eating Beasts can learn…”

Shi Yu smiled and said, “The former can be shrunk first. In a while, I’ll give you a skill teaching manual for ‘Absolute Sleep’ to increase their training efficiency. The Iron-eating Beast can cooperate with the energy of this skill. There’s definitely no need for as much resources.”

“Teach this skill first. As for Giant Transformation, there’s no hurry to learn it. Training that consumes too much energy.”

“I’ll give you another universal teaching method for enlarging. Using it with your research manual can increase the success rate of awakening.”

“Apart from that, I’ll give you an ‘impregnable’ skill teaching manual. This way, they can also enjoy the skills after evolution before they even evolve.”

“After that, I’ll let Eleven change their lazy personality through deterrence and imprint the mental seal of ‘strengthening’. At that time, we’ll get a few more team competitions. Only by ranking in the former can we be qualified to learn ‘impregnable’ and ‘giantization’. The outstanding ones have a higher chance of being rewarded with evolution materials. Do you believe in miracles?”

They were all rolled up!

There was nothing that the mental seal and reward couldn’t solve.

As Shi Yu finished speaking, Eleven, who was in the ruins space, cried out. It wanted to self-discipline the Iron-eating Beast army and charge forward.

At the side, Buggy’s gaze was solemn. Was this reasonable? It was fine if it couldn’t defeat the leader, but why did its clansmen have to be bullied by a panda army with the mental seal of “working hard to become stronger”… Was this fair!!

“Wu!!!” Buggy also chirped. It applied to guide the Green Silkworm cocoon army. It wanted to create an imaginative domain to guide dream training for the Green Silkworms to increase their mental strength and manually create the dream training device of Star Capital University!