Chapter 563 - Distribution Of Legendary Resources (2)

The army resonance produced by Shi Yu’s 31 Iron-eating Beasts was already strong enough. Even if the skill proficiency of the 1,000 Iron-eating Beasts couldn’t compare to Shi Yu and the others, it was obvious how fierce it would be!

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“There’s a skill manual for Impregnable?”

When Legend Hua and Dr. Zuo heard this, they were immediately shocked. They looked at Shi Yu, especially Legend Hua, and asked, “Little Yu, you can’t favor one over the other. Even I have personally come and helped you nurture an army. As the in-charge, shouldn’t you also leave something?”

“As the saying goes, the palm is flesh, and the back of the hand is also flesh. The Iron-eating Beast Army is your eldest son, and the Green Silkworm cocoon army is your second son.”

“Aunt Hua knows that you’re more generous than most legends now!” The beautiful woman also muttered.

She and Master Lin were in charge of the two major new recruits at the same time. At that time, as a legendary leader and a famous insect-type doctor in charge of feeding, it would be embarrassing if her army was not as powerful as the army led by the Lin father and daughter.

“Don’t worry. I’ll get the Butterfly of Imagination to create an Imagination Dream Domain that can increase the level of spiritual power and worm silk as a cultivation place for the Green Silkworm cocoon army to train,” Shi Yu said with a smile.

The Green Silkworm cocoon knew the racial skill Psychic. If the cocoon form increased the level of Psychic, it could also effectively increase the foundation of the Green Silkworm cocoon after evolution.

At that time, he would directly let Buggy eat a Time Fruit and use the power of an overlord to create a Holy Land of Imagination. The Green Silkworm cocoon army would definitely not be weak under Buggy’s blessings!

The overlord-level strength already had the ability to change the natural environment. Although the Imagination Domain couldn’t be maintained permanently, it was still more than enough to train a group of Awakening-level bugs for a year and a half with the suitable resource environment.

“The effect won’t be much weaker than the Butterfly God’s Blessing,” Shi Yu confirmed.

“Really??” Legend Hua and Dr. Zuo were pleasantly surprised. Shi Yu’s words were enough.

“Of course.”

“Shi Yu, Shi Yu!” At this moment, White Brook also said with a happy expression, “Shi Yu, I discovered a secret you definitely didn’t discover.”

“Uh?” Shi Yu looked at the beast-eared girl.

“Heh.” White Brook took a deep breath and said, “Iron-eating Beast, Possession!”

In the next moment, light flickered on her body. White Brook instantly turned into a beastwoman with a surging figure, long black and white hair, panda ears, and a panda tail!!

She opened her slightly red eyes and grinned. “The racial talent of the Iron-eating Beast King is to increase its strength slightly after recovering from an injury. I discovered that if it’s in the form of a fusion with the Iron-eating Beast and the Beast Tamer is also injured with the Iron-eating Beast, even if we separate after the battle, the Beast Tamer can still enjoy some of the racial bonuses of the Iron-eating Beast after recovering!”

“My physique will be strengthened!”

“In other words, if I recover from my serious injuries in the Iron-eating Beast Fusion state, my physique will be greatly enhanced. Legend has it that Emperor Wu is known as the strongest physique of humans. I think I know the reason.”

“How is it? Are you envious?” White Brook realized that the Fusion Talent was the correct way to open the Iron-eating Beast Tamer!!

“What!” Shi Yu looked at the cute Senior White Brook in shock. A Beast Tamer with Fusion Talent could actually enjoy the racial talent bonus of an Iron-eating Beast?

Damn it, there was such a good thing? No wonder Zhong Xuan said that under the same level, Emperor Wu’s physique was first and it was second.

“I’m not envious.” Soon, Shi Yu heaved a sigh of relief. Forget it, if he had to be beaten up to get stronger, how could it be better than comfortably eating supplements to increase his physique?

“This ability is good, but even if it’s Junior Bai, you have to take care of your body.” Lin Xiuzhu had a headache. “Don’t train yourself and the Iron-eating Beast until you’re covered in injuries every time. You’re all girls no matter what.”

“Alright, alright ~” White Brook hugged Lin Xiuzhu and smiled. “I know the severity. Thank you for your concern, Senior Lin.”

White Brook sighed in her heart. She hoped that it was Senior Lu who injured her. This might even feel good.

“Uh.” Shi Yu looked at the completely familiar beast-eared girl and panda girl and immediately sighed. He hoped that Senior Lin wouldn’t be harmed by Senior Bai.

….

That day.

In the ruins of Emperor Wu.

Thousands of Iron-eating Beast Corps recruits gathered. Among them, the ratio of male and female soldiers was about 1: 1. The female Beast Tamers who contracted Iron-eating Beasts occupied a considerable number.

However, because these new recruits had different experiences, their strength was uneven. A large number of them were even not professional Beast Tamers.

These new recruits had just entered the Beast Tamer Troops and had yet to completely adjust their mentality. The Iron-eating Beasts beside them had yet to completely adjust their mentality. They still didn’t know what kind of fire pit their Beast Tamer had brought them into…

Deng… Deng… Deng… Deng…

Just as these new recruits stood in line and waited for the commander and the various instructors to appear, a scene that made them fall silent appeared.

Thirty little Iron-eating Beasts less than a meter tall, the size of cubs, and much smaller than their Iron-eating Beasts walked onto the high platform filled with the aura of overlords.

“What is it?” someone said blankly.

Just as all the Iron-eating Beast Corps recruits opened their mouths slightly, confused, something unexpected happened.

With a boom, according to tradition, the veteran showed off to the new recruits.