Chapter 568 - The Seven Islands Ruins Targeted By Shi Yu (2)

In this form, with the help of Baby Ginseng’s special Time Fruit and the power of adding points, the medicinal effect was better than APTX 4869.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Not only had his height shrunk a lot with the help of the Time Fruit, but his appearance had also changed.

At this moment, Shi Yu didn’t believe that those people with ill intentions could still recognize him.

Otherwise, he’d be forced to transform into an old man…

In order to go abroad, Shi Yu even used the memory water drop to learn a few fluent languages of the seven islands, Rongguang, Tingxiang… Coupled with telepathy, he was invincible.

Apart from that, Chi Tong, Susu, and Ling also ate the “Sealing Fruit” specially made by Baby Ginseng.

In fact, in essence, it was still the Time Fruit.

However, Baby Ginseng used Master Qu Jie’s talent as a reference and researched and improved it a little.

It could use the power of time to disguise Chi Tong, Susu, and Ling’s energy levels at the normal monarch level of more than 1 million.

Even the top index of Dong Huang couldn’t detect their true energy value. Unless it was a totem-level creature proficient in the power of time, only then could it see through their true strength. But this kind of creature couldn’t be found in the entire Blue Planet.

Low profile!!!

After all, he was going to the seven islands to “pick up resources”.

Although the Phoenix Mystic Realm was established by the Undying Dark Phoenix and promised to Chi Tong by the Undying Dark Phoenix, it was located on the seven islands after all.

Therefore, Shi Yu was really a little nervous to go to other countries to explore mystic realms.

….

After coming out of seclusion, Shi Yu maintained his white hair form and walked around Wu Ling City. No one recognized him at all.

After secretly observing the progress of the Iron-eating Beast Army and the Green Silkworm cocoon army, he nodded silently and left Wu Ling City.

These days, he had been paying attention to the situation of the two armies.

Among them, the soldiers of the Iron-eating Beast Corps were already stunned and their values shattered.

Because their Iron-eating Beast, which used to like to be lazy, had somehow become a training maniac after being trained by the Bean Bears.

Every day, before dawn, the Iron-eating beasts had already woken up. They were even more diligent than the Beast Tamers.

“Beast Tamer, have you seen Emperor Wu Ruins at four in the morning?”

After the iron-eating beasts woke up, they pulled the Beast Tamers to train one by one, making the green cocoon army next door cry. What was going on…

Of course.

The situation on the Green Silkworm cocoon army’s side wasn’t very good either.

During the day, the soldiers needed to bring the Green Silkworm to train the worm silk, physical fitness, and various training to accumulate evolution foundation.

At night, the green worms still had to undergo dream training in the Imagination Domain. It was similarly tragic.

If it weren’t for the fact that these two new armies had a lot of military expenses and were heavily supported by the country, normal resources might really not be enough to support the two armies’ training!

As for Shi Yu, who had caused all of this, he hid his merits and reputation and left quietly.

Shi Yu didn’t head to Demon Capital immediately to meet the Dong Huang exchange team that was preparing to head to the seven islands area. Instead, he came to the Kong Capital and the Space Emperor Ruins.

At this moment, the Void Mantis still hadn’t come out of seclusion. It looked like it couldn’t successfully break through to the overlord level. It was also possible that the Void Mantis wanted to become a perfect overlord, which was to break through after all super racial skills reached the perfect level, so it needed a longer time.

Outside the ruins, Lu Qingyi was sitting on a rock and feeding her pets.

Suddenly.

A spatial ripple flickered. Lu Qingyi and her pets turned their heads and looked at the white-haired figure.

“Who is it!”

Seeing this figure, Lu Qingyi was stunned. Then, her gaze locked onto the figure’s face and she was at a loss.

She opened her mouth slightly, wanting to say something, but hesitated.

“Shi Yu??”

“It’s me,” Shi Yu said with a smile.

“You…” Lu Qingyi was very sure that Shi Yu was currently in his normal state. However, she looked at Shi Yu’s short height, his sickly aura, and his natural white hair and was very confused.

What, what was going on!!!

How did he do it!

If Shi Yu had not arranged to meet her today in advance, she might not have been able to recognize Shi Yu if they passed each other on the way.

The change in the current white-haired Shi Yu and the black-haired Shi Yu was even greater than the change in the image of the black-haired Shi Yu and the red-haired Shi Yu!

“Aren’t we going to the seven islands? President Lin, Principal Feng, and the others suggested that I change my identity.”

“Therefore, it became like this,” Shi Yu said with a shrug.

“Uh…” Lu Qingyi was silent. The seven islands. Shi Yu and the others were going to the seven islands to explore the Phoenix Mystic Realm and the Space Emperor Ruins. Lu Qingyi also knew about this.

Be it the Phoenix Mystic Realm or the Space Emperor Ruins that hatched the Space Beast Egg, they were both on the seven islands. It was indeed impossible not to go on this trip.

“This is for you, Senior Lu. I won’t stay long. I’ll tell you the use, and I have to go to Demon Capital quickly.”

After Shi Yu arrived, he directly gave the memory water droplets condensed by Susu and the others in different bottles to Senior Lu.

A moment later, Lu Qingyi looked at the few bottles of top-notch resources in her hand in surprise.

This… was what Shi Yu wanted to give him?

It could quickly increase deterrence and other skill levels to transcendent memory water droplets in a few months!

Memory water drop… Wasn’t that the ability of the deceased guardian of Dong Huang? Where did Shi Yu come from!

Lu Qingyi looked at Shi Yu’s departing figure and clenched the resources in her hand. Although she had also given Shi Yu a Spirit Accumulation Jade, in Lu Qingyi’s opinion, this memory water drop was undoubtedly more valuable.