Chapter 564 - Distribution Of Legendary Resources (3)

The 30 Bean Bears, whose energy levels exceeded a million and were at the monarch level, suddenly released transcendent-level deterrence waves at the same time. The substantial deterrence waves shook the sky with might, sweeping up from their bodies like a hurricane!!

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

In the next moment, the pupils of the 1,000 Iron-eating Beasts that were accurately attacked by this group of Bean Bears suddenly constricted. Their mental defense was instantly defeated. In an instant, they stood on the spot in a daze with sweat and fear, their eyes filled with fear.

Their Beast Tamers’ faces instantly turned pale. When had they ever endured a monarch-level deterrence? Even if these deterrence energy fluctuations were controlled very well by the Bean Bears and wouldn’t hurt them, the transcendent-level deterrence fluctuations wrapped around their bodies instantly made these new recruits tremble.

Crack!!!

Under the shocked gazes of all the recruits and Iron-eating Beasts, the soaring deterrence wave tore open the sky, scattering the clouds, and directly tore open a huge spatial crack in the ruins of Emperor Wu.

“How is this possible…” The new recruits of the Iron-eating Beast Corps looked at the group of Iron-eating Beast cubs in disbelief and shock.

What exactly was this…

“From today onwards, for seven days, they will all be your instructors!!!” At this moment, Master Lin Hongnian, who was wearing a military uniform and had a determined expression, slowly walked onto the high platform. Beside him was an even taller and more powerful iron-eating beast evolution form, the Nine Li Battle Beast!!

The dark armored domineering figure was more oppressive than any Iron-eating Beast present.

However, at this moment, Hall Master Lin’s Nine Li Battle Beast swallowed crazily between deterrence and trembled. Son of a b*tch, even its deterrence proficiency was only expert level. What the f*ck was going on with this group of Bean Bears!!

Hall Master Lin also swallowed his saliva crazily, but on the surface, he still did his best. He stared at the group of new recruits with a cold gaze and said, “Treasure these seven days.”

Behind the scenes, Eleven observed in secret. They should cherish this opportunity. Eleven thought for a moment and was afraid that the effect of its own mental seal would be too strong, causing these iron-eating beasts to suddenly die from excessive training. Therefore, it decided to squeeze the Bean Bear to imprint their mental seal instead.

The bean bears also mastered transcendent-level deterrence, more than enough to guide the thoughts of this group of lazy guys. After all, the Bean Bear was also trained by it.

…

On the other side, a huge Holy Land of Imagination with a level-seven spiritual energy crystal as the core was created by a huge butterfly with a hundred-meter-long wing.

The entire area suddenly became dreamy, like a paradise in the Spirit Domain filled with white mist.

The domain was as big as a football field, enough to accommodate many Green Silkworms and even Green Silkworm cocoons sleeping and cultivating inside.

Shi Yu stood underground and looked ahead. He nodded in satisfaction. As for Legend Hua and Dr. Zuo, they opened their mouths wide and looked at the Butterfly of Imagination that had enlarged to its complete state after eating the Time Fruit.

Energy Points: 53,450,000

Sensing the terrifying energy fluctuations of the Butterfly of Imagination, Legend Hua and the others, who didn’t understand, were completely shocked by Buggy’s shocking strength. Especially Legend Hua, who felt that the energy fluctuations emitted by the Butterfly of Imagination weren’t much inferior to her Myriad Flower Butterfly Fairy King and was speechless.

It was still like yesterday when Shi Yu brought the green cocoon to evolve. At some point, Shi Yu actually had the battle power of an overlord… It was too fast.

Although it was only a few seconds after creating the Imagination Domain, the Butterfly of Imagination seemed to have leaked air and shrunk to the size of a palm in exhaustion… But, be it the instantaneous eruption or the magnificent feat of changing the environment, it shocked Legend Hua and the others.

“As expected of the number one person below the legendary level…”

Just this move was enough to make any Beast Tamer below the legendary level cry.

“You flatter me, you flatter me. I’m done here.” Shi Yu clapped his hands and smiled.

Alright, he had already arranged the initial stages of the Iron-eating Beast Army and the Green Silkworm cocoon army. How far they could go next depended on their own hard work.

As for the mechanical phantom beast army, Shi Yu didn’t care. Compared to the Iron-eating Beast Army and the Green Silkworm cocoon army, the lower limit of the mechanical phantom beast army was very high. It might be that all the monarch races could take off with their eyes closed. It was better to leave it to General Xiao Qin to do it herself.

Ling was still busy researching itself, so how could she have time to lead the army?

On the other hand, the mechanical Tyrant Dragon was very keen on being king. It probably wanted to have its own underlings.

“Next… Why don’t you let your ginseng baby…” Legend Hua still wanted to say something.

For example, letting Baby Ginseng plant some flowers and grass. The Green Silkworms could increase its evolution foundation with a bite.

Shi Yu hurriedly said, “There’s nothing next, I want to rest…”

Good heavens, they had military expenses so just use military expenses!!! Didn’t ordinary people pay so much taxes for them to spend?

Although he was in charge of the army, they couldn’t just suck him dry.

“Alright, alright,” Legend Hua said with a smile.

“I’ll call that girl Qingwei over too. In any case, she’s already a master. Why would she go to school?” Dr. Zuo looked at the cultivation field in front of him and also made a decision.

Shi Yu had a strange expression. Anything was fine…

Well… Were the people (White Brook, Xia Qingwei) who had been crushed by him in the National League going to work for him? Unfortunately… if only he could let Gao Xuan work for the mechanical phantom beast army… Shi Yu still admired this guy!