Chapter 566 - Distribution Of Legendary Resources (5)

….

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Ten days later.

Shi Yu still diligently added points to Eleven.

At the side, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong, Susu, and Ling worked hard to support.

“Wuu!!!!”

Now, Eleven had already advanced all the low-level racial skills into Dao Proficiency, and all the low-level teaching skills were transcendent… Those that weren’t super level were all regarded as low-level by Shi Yu.

As for super skills, apart from the Lightning Rod skill, Eleven was already proficient in all of them!

From Inner Power to the Undying Golden Body, it was proficient in all of them. Now, Eleven was experiencing the last point increase to raise the Lightning Rod to expert level!

Shi Yu and Eleven were both in endless pain. After adding points so many times, Shi Yu also discovered it.

The experience of adding points to different super skills was different for pets.

For example, when Eleven added points to the Undying Golden Body, it was really like it had died countless times. It had to experience endless pain that was almost death.

When Eleven added points to the Lightning Rod, it felt that it was being tortured by countless lightning without any extraordinary power. It recalled the most basic fear of lightning in the beast bloodline.

This experience made Eleven and Shi Yu, who felt it with Eleven, feel immense pain. At this moment, Shi Yu was still wondering if Buggy, Chi Tong, Baby Ginseng, Ling… Could the four of them really withstand the pain of adding points to super skills?

Apart from Susu, he still wasn’t confident…

“Eh…” It was quite easy to be distracted and let his imagination run wild in endless pain. Shi Yu was considered unique. He had really trained it. If humans also had a will level, his current level could also be medium.

However, Shi Yu quickly realized that it wasn’t that his willpower level had broken through, but that the adding process was suddenly approaching the end.

It took less time than any previous time to add points to Eleven.

This feeling was just like when he added points to Susu back then…

The white-haired Shi Yu suddenly opened his eyes.

“Wu?!” “Ning…” “Yi…” “Mi?” “This is…” Apart from that, Buggy and the others who had added points suddenly looked at Eleven sitting opposite Shi Yu!

At this moment, the change in Eleven’s aura gave them a very unusual feeling.

After Shi Yu took a deep breath, he finally discovered the change!!

Skill: Inner Power

[Teaching success rate]: High!

[Teaching Risk]: Low!

“Huh???” At this moment, although Shi Yu was extremely weak, he was suddenly as happy as a child. He wanted to jump up and celebrate.

Fortunately, his body and waist didn’t allow it. Otherwise, this jump could directly destroy Shi Yu.

“Sob…” At this moment, Eleven slowly opened its eyes. Its blue eyes were very beautiful. Coupled with its soft black and white hair, its initial form was considered the most handsome in the team. It was cute.

Of course, Susu wasn’t bad either.

At this moment, apart from the Lightning Rod skill successfully reaching expert proficiency, Eleven itself also sensed some changes in other aspects.

With the feedback of the stronger and more powerful Impregnable skill, it could clearly sense that its willpower level had a huge breakthrough!!

Overlord’s Will!!!

Under the many times that super skills added points to corrode the mind, under the daily self-mutilating training, and under the enhancement of the Impregnable, Eleven, who had endured it time and time again, successfully broke through the limit with his willpower and condensed the overlord’s will!!

A three-year-old overlord’s will!

“Wuu!!!” Eleven sat on the ground and shouted excitedly!!!

< Name > Eleven

[Race]: Iron-eating Beast, Nine Li Battle Beast

[Attributes]: Metal, Thunder

[Race Level]: High-level overlord (Quasi Mythical)

[Level of Growth]: Monarch Level

[Race Skill]:

“Super Level”: Inner Power (Expert), Lightning Rod (Expert), Space Quake (Expert), Bean Soldier (Expert), Impregnable (Expert)

[Teaching Skill]:

“Super Level”: Undying Golden Body (Expert)

Normal Energy Points: 8,010,000

[Will Level]: Advanced (Overlord’s Will)

“Wuu!!!” Eleven shouted excitedly, but like Shi Yu, it couldn’t stand up. It was extremely happy. This way, when Shi Yu added more points to itself next time, it could reduce the time. Shi Yu could suffer less.

Shi Yu was also quite happy. This way, the pressure to upgrade Eleven’s super skill to perfect level was much smaller.

“Wu wu wu wu wu!!!” Beside him, Buggy also cried out in excitement. It was both happy and sad. The sad thing was that the leader walked in front of it again and became the second pet in the team to have the will of an overlord.

Fortunately, it was finally its turn to add points.

“Yi!!!” Baby Ginseng looked at Buggy. Something was wrong. Next, it should be the one getting points. It was clearly the second place in the team competition. It was the towering emperor. What did it have to do with Buggy?