Chapter 567 - The Seven Islands Ruins Targeted By Shi Yu (1)

“Wu!”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Yi!!”

After adding points to Eleven, Buggy and Baby Ginseng started arguing about who to add points to.

After all, they were tied for second place in the last team meeting.

Then, it was reasonable if either one was chosen.

Buggy thought that since it was the second senior to join the team, it should be the second to add points.

Baby Ginseng, on the other hand, felt that Buggy didn’t dare to fight it head-on in the battle. It had already lost in terms of aura. The real second place should be it. Buggy’s draw was disgraceful, so Baby Ginseng should be the second to add points.

Both had their reasons…

Chi Tong and Susu watched from the side and didn’t dare to interrupt. After all, their rankings were low and they were trembling.

“Wuu.”

At this moment, Eleven, who was beside him, became popular.

It rubbed its paw pad, its blue eyes revealing ill intentions as it looked at the blue butterfly and big white radish in front of it.

“Wuu! (You guys have another match. Whoever wins this time will add points first.)”

“…” Buggy and Baby Ginseng’s argument stopped.

To hell with that.

Neither Buggy nor Baby Ginseng wanted to fight the other anymore. It was too tiring.

“Wu ~”

A moment later, Buggy snorted proudly, indicating that it would give the opportunity to Baby Ginseng first.

After all, no matter who it added points to, Baby Ginseng was very hardworking and had it rough.

It apologized to Baby Ginseng, indicating that it shouldn’t have fought.

“Yi…”

Upon hearing Buggy’s words, Baby Ginseng was too embarrassed to fight for it.

It also snorted, indicating that it would give Buggy more points first.

Just as Shi Yu and Buggy had said, it still needed to be in charge of healing Shi Yu during the additional points process. It was really indispensable.

After adding points to Buggy, Shi Yu’s physique and its source of life level could both increase. At that time, it wouldn’t be too late for it to accept the additional points.

“Wu ~! (I’ll add it to Baby Ginseng first.)”

“Yi!! (Add points to Buggy first!)”

The two pets would decide who to add points to first.

A moment later, Buggy sighed. “Wu! (Baby Ginseng is right, then give it to me first.)”

Baby Ginseng: ???

Eleven, Chi Tong, Susu, and the other pets shook their heads.

Shi Yu sighed helplessly. Baby Ginseng, didn’t it realize that Buggy was tricking it from the start?

…

If he added points to Buggy, it would mainly revolve around the three super skills “Ultimate Absorption”, “Space Control”, and “Demon Suppression Domain”.

If all the points were added to expert level, it would be 12 lessons. If everything went smoothly, it would take about half a month. It was another painful process of adding points.

As for its Imagination Domain and Dragon of Imagination, they were already at the expert level. It could slowly increase by playing with the Dragon Ball, so there was no hurry to increase them.

Two days later.

Shi Yu tried adding points to Buggy for the first time.

The skill was ultimate absorption.

The teaching process was very painful. It could be said that the “medium” teaching success rate and risk were definitely a lie.

If not for Baby Ginseng and Susu, Shi Yu and Buggy felt that they definitely wouldn’t have been able to survive the additional points this time. Their teaching would have failed, causing them to waste an opportunity.

Fortunately, it barely succeeded in the end.

The price was that almost all the pets in the team almost died.

Two days later.

Shi Yu also taught Buggy the spatial control skill.

Ultimate absorption and spatial control were very important to Buggy.

If Eleven’s Undying Golden Body converted the damage it suffered into vitality…

Then the ultimate absorption of Buggy was to transform the damage it caused to the enemy into vitality and energy.

They were all powerful methods to ensure their endurance.

Q: With the max-level Undying Golden Body and the Ultimate Absorption, can Eleven and Buggy form a Yingji (perpetual motion machine)?

As for spatial control, this skill could effectively increase Buggy’s control and affinity with other spatial skills.

In addition, exploring mystic realm spaces and ruins spaces was also very important.

For example, some archeologists from Bureau 11 of Dong Huang actually had the ability to forcefully tear down the ruins space. They didn’t have to follow the rules of the ruins and relied on skills similar to spatial control.

For example, if the overlord-level gem cat had been the one to crack the ruins in the beginning of Ping Cheng, it wouldn’t have had to follow the rules at all. It would have just broken it with brute force.

However, that would easily destroy the ruins, causing the ancient items inside to be destroyed and the ruins space to be damaged. They couldn’t obtain the spatial ruins to recognize them, so very few archeologists did this.

Of course, if the level of the ruins was high enough, such as the Space Emperor Ruins, then it was different. Because it was built by the Space Emperor, even if the gem cat was already at the totem level, it was helpless and it couldn’t be cracked violently. The Beast Tamers in the outside world could only listen to the arrangements of the owner of the ruins, the Void Mantis, and accept the test.

For Shi Yu, although he didn’t like violent behavior towards ruins and was a civilized person, it was never wrong to back up a skill like spatial control for emergencies.

For example, when they were trapped in the Pirate King Ruins, if the gem cat was more hardworking and had higher spatial attainments, it would directly lead them to break open the ruins violently and escape. There would be no need to fight to the death on the spot…

About half a month after arriving at Wu Ling City.

Shi Yu came out of seclusion.

Because the Dong Huang exchange team heading to the seven islands had already gathered.

At this moment, Shi Yu’s image changed drastically.

He was 1.68 meters tall, had white hair, and a young, mature, old, and weak face. He looked sick.

He was wearing simple casual clothes like a sick young man. Clearly, this was Shi Yu’s second form after the red-haired Chi Tong possessed him!