Chapter 560 - Changing Fate (3)

“Ah…” Shi Yu also sighed and asked, “Have you confirmed the specific departure time of the seven islands exchange team?”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“It’s about half a month later. After all, going out requires a lot of manpower and financial resources. During this period, we definitely have to prepare more transaction materials. By the way, the reason why the establishment of the Iron-eating Beast Corps is on the right track this time is also because the Dong Huang exchange team bought a lot of first-stage evolution materials for the Iron-eating Beast in other countries. Unfortunately, the second-stage evolution metal needed to carve inscriptions was only found with a piece of Divine Space Iron. You don’t need it.”

Shi Yu indeed had no use for the Divine Space Iron, a level-eight material that was used to awaken the Space Quake skill.

After being stunned, Shi Yu said regretfully, “Looks like the path is completely cut off.”

He still had to study it himself.

“Principal Feng, I’m hanging up first. I’ve arrived.”

“Huh??? Aren’t you at Ancient Capital University? Where did you go!” Principal Feng asked.

“Wu Ling City, came to take a look at the Iron-eating Beast Corps. Before going abroad, I’ll give them some pointers. Perhaps they’ll be first in the army competition.”

Principal Feng: “?”

….

At the same time that Shi Yu arrived at Wu Ling City, the Iron-eating Beast Corps recruits from all over the country also gathered in the new recruit camp outside Emperor Wu Ruins.

There were more than 1,000 people in the entire team. All of them had contracted Iron-eating beasts.

Among them, there were three master-level Beast Tamers. Commander Lin Hongnian contracted a monarch-level Nine Li Battle Beast, Deputy Commander White Brook contracted an awakened-level royal Iron-eating Beast cub, and Feeder Lin Xiuzhu contracted a commander-level Iron-eating Beast.

The remaining 1,000 ordinary soldiers all contracted transcendent Iron-eating Beasts. Those who didn’t reach commander rank. After all, the Iron-eating Beast’s race level was only transcendent. If it wanted its growth level to break through the racial restriction and reach commander rank, it wasn’t something that ordinary people could do in the short term.

In the new recruit camp, a female soldier in her twenties was looking for a place to stay.

Zhuang Yue.

Quasi professional Beast Tamer, Ping Cheng.

Because the Iron-eating Beast was too cute and its racial attributes were not bad, in addition to the discount for the locals of Ping Cheng, she chose the Iron-eating Beast as her initial pet.

However, the cultivation difficulty of the Iron-eating Beast was much higher than she imagined.

It took her a long time to nurture the Iron-eating Beast to the transcendent level and participate in this year’s Icefield City vocation assessment.

Unfortunately, because her strength didn’t meet the standard, she still couldn’t pass.

Although the family didn’t say anything, Zhuang Yue herself couldn’t accept this outcome when she thought of the investment her family had made in her all these years.

Although she could still continue taking the exam next year, when she thought of her talent and the daily savings at home, Zhuang Yue understood that her future was already destined.

Choosing the Iron-eating Beast… was it the wrong choice?

If she had chosen other pets back then, would she have already passed the vocation assessment?

Along the way, Zhuang Yue had originally complained a few times in her heart. However, from the beginning to the end, there was a figure guiding her forward.

This person was Shi Yu.

That day, she and her friend passed by the public training ground and saw Chen Kai, a top student in her class, commanding his Ice-Armored Beast to fight a Beast Tamer who commanded iron-eating beasts.

That Iron-eating Beast was very strong. It instantly killed the “unhindered class” Ice-Armored Beast. The Iron-eating Beast’s Beast Tamer also attracted her attention.

Soon after, she coincidentally went to the countryside with Shi Yu to carry out the association mission to eliminate the Earth Mice. She once again saw how extraordinary Shi Yu’s Iron-eating Beast was. It was self-disciplined, hardworking, and powerful. If her Iron-eating Beast was also like this, how good would that be?

However, it was naturally impossible for pets to be completely the same. Zhuang Yue’s situation didn’t improve until…

The archeologist named Shi Yu became the top scholar of the vocation assessment in Ancient Capital and discovered the evolution of the iron-eating beast. Once this news was announced, it could be said to be a pleasant surprise for the Beast Tamers who contracted iron-eating beasts all over the country.

Iron-eating beasts had the evolution form of a monarch!!

After that, Zhuang Yue was filled with motivation again. Not only did she successfully reach level two, but the Iron-eating Beast was also cultivated to the transcendent level. During this period, Shi Yu became the national champion and discovered that the Iron-eating Beast had undergone a second stage evolution. The information that the Iron-eating Beast suspected to be Emperor Wu’s trump card battle pet had been dug up by Shi Yu, and they tried their best to encourage the Iron-eating Beast Tamers.

Unfortunately, under this motivation, Zhuang Yue still failed the vocation assessment even in a second-level city like Icefield City. She was discouraged again and realized the difference between Beast Tamers.

Even at this point, Zhuang Yue was actually still very grateful to Shi Yu. Because of Shi Yu’s experience, the current rarity of the Iron-eating Beast had long exceeded that of a monarch pet cub. It was no longer something ordinary people could afford.

Not only did it require a large amount of money, but it also needed a recommendation spot. And these lucky people who had contracted iron-eating beasts very early were clearly lucky.

It was as if they had just bought a house cheaply and the property price immediately increased tenfold.

Now, Beast Tamers who had contracted iron-eating beasts, even if they were ordinary employees at the Iron-eating Beast Amusement Park in Ping Cheng, or if they had some acting talent and cooperated with the iron-eating beasts to perform some shows… They could get a pretty good salary.

Because of this, Zhuang Yue fell into deep thought. She wondered if she should recognize her ordinary self and not pursue illusory dreams. She might as well do an ordinary profession and subsidize her family, but at this moment, surprise came again.

The Iron-eating Beast Corps was established and recruited Beast Tamers under the age of 30 who had contracted Iron-eating Beasts.

As long as she joined the army, the benefits and treatment would correspond to high-level professional Beast Tamers. The country would cover the cost of cultivating the Iron-eating Beast!!!