Chapter 565 - Distribution Of Legendary Resources (4)

If the ethereal bracelet he created was given to every soldier in the three armies, wouldn’t it be awesome?

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

However, considering that Gao Xuan might not want to talk to him now, Shi Yu decided to talk about it in the future…

….

After coming to Wu Ling City and providing hundreds of millions of help to his Environmental Protection Department army, Shi Yu entered the ruins space with the beautiful future of his Environmental Protection Department army in mind.

After entering, he realized that there was still a cooldown time for skill teaching. He couldn’t help but sigh.

“A meeting!!!”

Shi Yu shouted and pulled Eleven and the others together in the ruins space.

Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong, Susu, and Ling looked at Shi Yu and waited for instructions.

“Now, I have a total of five legendary resources in my hand. They are Aurora Magnetic Gold, Legendary Dragon Ball, Divine Earth of Life, Bone Sword, and Cold Sky.”

“Among them…” Shi Yu took out the Aurora Magnetic Gold and threw it to the excited Eleven.

“Among them, the Aurora Magnetic Gold is theoretically the reward for first place in the team meeting. If you also want to get the legendary resource, you have to get first place in the team!!”

Buggy, Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong, Susu: !!!

It was so difficult!!!

Eleven: “Wu wu wu!! (You guys have to work hard!!)”

It hugged the magnetic gold with love.

“However, considering that the World Tournament is approaching, there’s not much time to hold frequent meetings for you to compete. Therefore, I’ve decided to let you use the legendary resources first,” Shi Yu sighed.

“Wu!!” “Yi!!” “Mi?!” “Ning!!!” The pets’ eyes lit up with surprise.

Our Beast Tamer… was finally a kind human???

“You just have to remember that you owe yourself first place in the team. After using the legendary resources, you have to work twice as hard!” Shi Yu muttered. “I want to see who hasn’t gotten first place after seven or eight internal team competitions.”

Buggy, Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong, and Ling’s expressions turned cold. Damn it.

They all had stronger self-esteem and didn’t have any bad mentality. When they thought about how they didn’t get first place in the team competition after seven or eight years after using the legendary resources in advance, they immediately felt embarrassed.

No, no matter what, they had to get first place in the team!

“Wu wu.” Eleven looked confident and advised them not to think about it. With it around, such a thing couldn’t happen.

“However, although the legendary resources will be distributed to you later, you’re not allowed to use them directly.”

“You can only use a portion of its power to cultivate slowly. Don’t use it to break through the bottleneck of your growth level. Without my permission, no one is allowed to break through to the overlord level,” Shi Yu warned solemnly.

“Ling, tell them what the consequences will be if they directly break through to overlord.”

After a moment of silence, Ling said, “The Beast Tamer will directly be drained to death… No one will give you more points in the future…”

The pets: !!!

Shi Yu sighed and said, “That’s the logic.”

“Therefore, Eleven, you mainly use the Aurora Magnetic Gold to learn the ‘White Thunder’ skill. Continue to use the power of resources to slowly strengthen your physique through electromagnetic control. Don’t completely absorb its power.”

“Wuu!!” Eleven nodded.

“Buggy, you’re using the Dragon of Imagination to train your spatial attainments with the legendary Dragon Ball. After that, I’ll teach you spatial control, anti-magic domain, and other skills to use with the Dragon Ball. Don’t directly swallow the Dragon Ball to break through levels.”

“Wu!!” Buggy nodded.

“Most importantly, Baby Ginseng, you too. You’re not allowed to eat the divine soil of life. Instead, you have to take root in it yourself and slowly strengthen your life force to increase the level of the ‘source of life’ skill. Try to get close to the perfect level.”

“When I add points to you, whether I die depends on the increase in this skill.”

Although they were all mid-level willpower, Shi Yu felt that Eleven’s willpower level was still a little stronger than Buggy and Baby Ginseng. Every time he and Eleven did a points adding session, they were so miserable even with the support of everyone…

If he added points to Baby Ginseng, no one would heal him. Either Baby Ginseng wouldn’t be able to hold on, or Shi Yu himself wouldn’t be able to hold on.

Although Baby Ginseng’s clone could be left behind to assist, the effect of the clone’s support was definitely inferior to the main body. Fortunately, during the period of adding points to Eleven, Shi Yu’s physique was still rising. Otherwise, Shi Yu really suspected that he would die from exhaustion when he added points to Baby Ginseng.

Therefore, it was very meaningful to overdraft the Divine Earth of Life for Baby Ginseng to use in advance to increase the level of its source of life. This way, even if it was a life clone, the support effect would be pretty good.

“Yiya!!” Baby Ginseng’s expression was firm!

“Chi Tong, the bone sword is relatively special. You just have to possess it often to strengthen your spiritual body, but remember not to absorb its power at a high intensity.”

“Mi!!!”

“Susu, you too. Use the Cold Sky Drop to sense the changes in the attributes of ice and water. Don’t devour it directly. Focus on familiarizing yourself with the form of the Ice Slime King.”

“Ling, supervise them.”

“Ning!” “Yes!” Susu and Ling replied at the same time.

Shi Yu smiled. Alright, after distributing the legendary resources, he could continue to increase points…

Next, he had to wait for half a month.

At that time, he could head to the seven islands.

During this period, Shi Yu planned to hurry up and increase Eleven’s battle power. It was still short of three skills to expert level all super skills!