Chapter 562 - Assigning Legendary Resources (1)

Absolute Sleep Teaching Manual.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Impregnable teaching manual.

These were good things.

Both were top-notch high-level skills.

Even the third index didn’t record the teaching method of these two skills.

However, teaching manuals were different from adding points to low-level skills. The success rate was not 100%.

The success rate was related to the pet’s race, attributes, level, talent, and the quality of the materials used.

If Shi Yu used the universal standard manual to teach Baby Ginseng, it would be impossible for Baby Ginseng to learn anything.

Therefore, Shi Yu couldn’t guarantee that every Iron-eating Beast could learn Absolute Sleep. However, the success rate of these Iron-eating Beasts learning Impregnable would definitely not be small. After all, it was a racial skill after evolution.

As long as they could all learn Impregnable, then even if these Iron-eating Beast Corps’ pandas didn’t evolve into Nine Li Battle Beasts, they could still display the power of the strongest army of Emperor Wu!

After all, the most impressive thing about Emperor Wu’s Iron-eating Beast Corps was the combination of Giant Transformation and Impregnable. Lin Xiuzhu had long researched the skill teaching manual that allowed the Iron-eating Beast to learn Giant Transformation.

Now, there was also the impregnable skill manual sent by Shi Yu. Apart from these skills that couldn’t be racial skills, they were already not much different from the Nine Li Battle Beast.

The only pity was that Impregnable required a certain amount of proficiency to upgrade to an army skill. This required time. However, in the Beast Tamer Troops, soldiers had the least lack of training time.

He could still slack off in school, but in the army, there were pitifully few opportunities to slack off. Almost all time was spent on training!

At the same time, because there was a clear cultivation direction, the military expenses could probably be applied for. In the face of new recruits like the Iron-eating Beast Army that might become a stable overlord race army in the future, the association would definitely not be stingy with the military expenses.

Senior Panda looked at the two skill manuals Shi Yu took out with a stunned expression.

She widened her beautiful eyes and looked at Shi Yu!

“You, what kind of place did you come from?”

“Guess.” Shi Yu chuckled.

“By the way, you can also try to apply for the Clear Gem Fruit. It’s the kind of fruit cultivated by Imperial Capital University at the Feeding Conference that can awaken the army skill ‘Battle Roar’. This is still very useful for the Iron-eating Beast Army that hasn’t reached the monarch level.”

Lin Xiuzhu nodded like a rattle drum.

“Then this.” Shi Yu took out a pendant that looked like a drop of water and gave it to Lin Xiuzhu. “This is a teaching tool condensed from the memory water of water and time skills. It contains the hardening skill experience above transcendent.”

“In the next period of time, I might not have time to let Eleven help your Iron-eating Beast increase its hardening level. Try this. This increased speed should be faster than the Iron-eating Beast increasing its hardening level one-on-one, but unfortunately, it’s very difficult to mass-produce,” Shi Yu said regretfully.

Mass production consumed too much energy for Shi Yu, Eleven, Susu, and Baby Ginseng.

At the moment, Shi Yu didn’t have much time. He wasn’t free enough to even add points to his pets.

Therefore, he only condensed the Worm Silk Skill Water Droplet and Hardening Skill Water Droplet for the time being and gave them to An Chang and Senior Lin.

He definitely had to nurture An Chang. After all, the other party had given him two precious family heirlooms.

On Senior Lin’s side, she had spent a long time helping Eleven awaken its royal bloodline. Shi Yu had said that he wanted to help Eleven increase its hardening level for a long time. This time, he could finally do it.

At the same time, there was also the Psychic Skill Water Droplet, the Deterrence Skill Water Droplet, the Possession Skill Water Droplet, the Water Dragon Ball Skill Water Droplet, and the Rain Prayer Skill Water Droplet. Shi Yu planned to give them to Senior Lu to strengthen the battle power of the Imperial Concubine Flower, the Courtyard Sprite, and the Mermaid Princess. This was also good for the strong alliance when the time came.

Of course, before the batch of water droplets for Senior Lu was completed, Susu would have to work overtime. Therefore, Shi Yu rewarded the legendary resource, Cold Sky, to it in advance.

However, although it was satisfying, it still couldn’t be completely used. If the super racial skills didn’t reach perfect proficiency and relied on resources to break through to the overlord level, it would cause the foundation to be unstable. Shi Yu definitely still hoped that the pets could build a perfect foundation.

“Hardening memory… Water drop??” Lin Xiuzhu still looked at the pile of manuals and treasures Shi Yu took out in a daze.

She looked up at Shi Yu and said, “Is this the resource you said can quickly increase hardening proficiency?”

Lin Xiuzhu originally thought that it would be some special metal-element resource, but she didn’t expect it to actually be a time-element resource, a water drop that contained hardening experience? Why did it sound so unbelievable?

“Yeah.” Shi Yu nodded heavily and said, “I’ll leave the mission of reviving the glory of the Iron-eating Beast to you, Senior.”

Shi Yu hoped that the Iron-eating Beast Corps could become the strongest army in Dong Huang in the future!

“This…”

“Don’t worry, leave it to me.” Senior Panda took Shi Yu’s pile of resources and regained her fighting spirit.

Shi Yu was too generous now.

Was this still that little newbie who relied on Bamboo Stone Dojo to eat and drink resources?

She even wanted to hug Shi Yu’s thigh and beg to be his disciple.

….

Apart from Senior Lin, who received Shi Yu immediately, Hall Master Lin, Senior Bai, and Legend Hua and Dr. Zuo, who were in charge of the Iron-eating Beast Corps, also came to see Shi Yu.

“Holy shit…”

When Hall Master Lin heard that Shi Yu had brought absolute sleep and impregnable manuals, he widened his eyes. Then what was the point of learning Thunder Palm and Cannon Fist? He could directly arrange for the entire army to be impregnable. Wasn’t this invincible?