Chapter 575 - Heavenly Frost Cold Energy That Froze Time (5)

“Cough, cough, hello.” Shi Yu greeted the four of them again, making them unable to calm down for a long time.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Hello…” They could only reply like this.

…

At the same time.

On the Seven Islands Association’s side, they also began to mobilize the candidates for the champion path.

They even wanted to replace some of the existing guardians. After all, how many levels Dong Huang could pass concerned a large amount of resources. Neither party was willing to suffer a loss, so they naturally had to create some difficulty for Dong Huang in this aspect.

Both parties were preparing for this championship challenge.

As for Shi Yu, he had also plunged into the ruins space and decided to strengthen Susu at the last minute to stabilize it.

There was a reason why Shi Yu said that Chi Tong and Susu were already stronger than Eleven in the National League.

First was Chi Tong.

After the National League, not only did it learn many new sinister skills like “scapegoat”, but after devouring the Gemini Silver Armor and the Death Spirit Treasure Bead, the proficiency of the Interlocking Sword and Spirit Release even reached (Expert+5), making its normal energy level reach more than six million.

It directly made Chi Tong become a pet that didn’t need any super skills in Shi Yu’s team…

Apart from Sun Flame, who had yet to reach expert level, the remaining two super skills were both expert level, and they occupied the highest proficiency in the team.

As for Susu, the reason why it was at the bottom of the team competition was purely because it joined the team too late.

Although the skill level had been increased back then, there wasn’t enough time for Susu to train these skills into combination profundities.

In essence, low-level skills were far from super skills. Even high-level skills with Dao Proficiency were far inferior to a perfect-level super skill. However, it wasn’t that pets didn’t have the ability to fight above their level. They relied on combination skills and profundities.

For example, Chi Tong’s Myriad Sword Convergence was a very good combination profundity. As for Susu, it had also developed a few under Shi Yu’s suggestion recently. Its battle power had increased greatly.

At the same time, it was also the only pet in the team that could store the power of Time Fruit in its power and transform it at any time. It was all thanks to the Infinite Devour Space.

Moreover, it had also obtained its second attribute… In addition, Shi Yu planned to teach the ice and time skill “Heavenly Frost Cold Energy” to Susu in advance and let it deal with the path to champion. That was even less of a problem.

A time-element super skill, even if it was entry-level, was incomparably powerful. It could be seen from the time mark.

“Susu.”

In the ruins space, the white-haired Shi Yu hugged Susu and started to add points.

Susu had the will of an overlord, so it was relatively easy to add points.

“Ning!!”

A moment later, Susu opened its ice-blue eyes, and its entire body was filled with a cold aura that could freeze time.

< Name > Susu

[Race]: Blue Sea Sprite Reincarnation

[Attributes]: Water, Ice

[Race Level]: Mid-level overlord

[Level of Growth]: Monarch Level

[Race Skill]:

“Super Level”: Holy Water Ring (Proficient), Water Element Control (Expert), Wave Cannon (Proficient)

[Teaching Skill]:

“Super Level”: Infinite Devour (Expert), Heavenly Frost Cold Energy (Initiate)

Normal Energy Points: 5,890,000

To put it bluntly, the Heavenly Frost Cold Energy was a special ice-element power that could transform its ice-element power into a special ice-element power that could freeze time. Its nature was similar to skills like White Thunder. At this moment, it seemed to be entry-level, but if it was combined with skills like max-level Blizzard, the power… was incomparable.

….

The next day.

Seven Islands Region, Heavenly Rainbow Island, Crown Rainbow Mountain Range.

A Sky Ship slowly flew over. On the hull, a large number of Beast Tamers from Dong Huang and the seven islands gathered.

On Dong Huang’s side, apart from the five challengers, the four legends were all present. There were also Zheng Hai and the other Dong Huang elites. Some of the more free people came to watch the challenge first.

On the seven islands, the three legends who were in charge of communicating with the Dong Huang exchange team yesterday were also present.

Apart from that, there were also a large number of top-notch masters from the seven islands, at least 20.

They were all guardians of the championship path. Among them, there were relatively young and older ones. There were about half and half of them.

Shi Yu stood among the Dong Huang contestants and looked over from time to time. He saw a lean old man in a ninja suit with messy silver hair, a beautiful witch in a red and white witch dress, and a big sister in a Yin Yang Master dress. Every Beast Tamer had a rather powerful aura, making contestant Dong Huang discuss among themselves.

Shi Yu was relatively calm. For example, the uneasy Heavenly King Zou had long grasped the hot topic. He held his cell phone and ran to various places to chat.

“Old Master, are you a ninja? Can we take a photo together?”

“Kid, you’re the challenger for this championship path?” The old man glanced at Zou Yun.

“A challenge is a challenge, but let’s take a photo as a memento first.” Heavenly King Zou chuckled and spoke fluently in the Seven Islands language.

Whether it was a selfie or the photo of him confidently defeating every Beast Tamer on the seven islands, it would be on the trending list.

A good opportunity couldn’t be missed.

The humiliation of being kicked out of the top ten of the Sequence by Shi Yu had to be vented on the seven island Beast Tamers these few days!

It was fine if it was this old ninja, but he didn’t believe that the netizens didn’t like that beautiful witch.

As long as he beat them, there would definitely be a lot of likes.

“I’m not doing it.” The old ninja rejected Zou Tianwang. If he didn’t like this kind of machine, Zou Tianwang could only look for a young lady, but he was also rejected coldly.