Chapter 579 - Sweeping Through The Beast Tamers Of The Seven Islands (2)

Tong Yan, Ning Tianming, and the others opened their mouths slightly. They immediately understood that Legend Xiao Shuang and the others weren’t lying. This person’s strength might really not be inferior to theirs.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

President Ye actually hid and cultivated such a strong precious student??

Dong Huang’s waters were deeper than they imagined! There were actually so many geniuses! They suddenly felt that there should still be many geniuses like “Lu Bai” who had yet to participate in the Sequence ranking. When they joined in later, the competition would probably be even more intense!! The top ten couldn’t be guaranteed!!

“Master…” Zheng Hai, the quasi legendary Beast Tamer, also looked at his teacher, the Tyrannical Sea Legend. He was very surprised. This Lu Bai was so strong. Initially, he was still disappointed that he couldn’t participate in the challenge of the champion path, but seeing such a strong Beast Tamer replace him, Zheng Hai’s heart immediately relaxed.

Unfortunately, if it was Lu Qingyi or that Shi Yu… Perhaps it would be better!

Shi Yu’s move directly made the Beast Tamers of the seven islands silent.

After being stunned, Tyrannical Sea Legend laughed, but he was also shocked in his heart. Wasn’t this… Senior Ice Dragon’s Heavenly Frost Cold Energy??

The reincarnation of the Blue Sea Sprite had actually learned it???

However, when he thought of how Shi Yu’s Butterfly of Imagination could create a badge with the Heavenly Frost Cold Energy, thought of the relationship between Shi Yu and the Ice Dragon, and thought of the countless possibilities contained in the Blue Sea Sprite Reincarnation that had lived for hundreds of millions of years, he was relieved.

As expected of the number one person below the legend of Dong Huang. No wonder he was so confident at the start. The Blue Sea Sprite Reincarnation that had been strengthened by legendary resources and the many top-notch resources of Dragon Palace City and Dong Huang might have already firmly occupied the second throne in Shi Yu’s team.

It was only inferior to the Nine Li Battle Beast that had swallowed more resources and defeated the Void Mantis and Ji Feng as Shi Yu’s main pet!

“As I said, Lu Bai… He’s good at training pets. His ice-element pet grasps the power of time. Apart from that, under his special cultivation talent, various attributes such as energy value aren’t as simple as the results of the index,” the Tyrannical Sea Legend maintained a calm expression and said calmly.

His words made the Beast Tamers of the seven islands fall silent again.

“Hundred God…” At this moment, as the guardian of the eighth level, the strongest master of the new generation of the seven islands, Thousand River Hundred God, was still watching. The girl beside him asked with a serious expression,” Do you have a way to withstand that snowstorm just now? ”

At this moment, Bai Shen was also silent for a moment before saying, “Stop kidding. It’s just that Ye was being stupid again. If he entered a strengthening state at the same time he summoned his pet and dealt with it with all his might, with the temperature of his Hell Fire Hound’s flames, it’s completely impossible for the time in the surrounding domain to be frozen.”

“It’s just close to 6 million energy points. Unless the energy level of that ice elemental life form is higher, I have a hundred ways to ignore this skill…”

After the hundred god finished speaking, he also looked down solemnly. He had never fought a Beast Tamer who was proficient in time. The premise he mentioned was that the power displayed by the ice element just now was the limit.

If this ice elemental also had the battle power of a top-notch monarch and its energy level could exceed ten million, he would feel that it was difficult to deal with, but…

“Time skill… The consumption should be very high…” The hundred god muttered in their hearts.

The consumption of the Heavenly Frost Cold Energy was indeed very high.

It required a huge amount of energy.

As a super skill, using the Heavenly Frost Cold Energy once consumed more energy than using the Wave Cannon five times.

However, that was for ordinary monarch-level pets.

For Susu, who had mastered Infinite Devour… This was called consumption?

At this moment, Shi Yu and the others had no intention of resting under everyone’s gaze. They continued forward.

In Susu’s Infinite Devour Space, it was filled with a large number of ice-element and water-element energy crystals. They were being converted into energy at a high speed.

In terms of using equipment to increase battle power, Susu might not be as good as Buggy, who had mastered illusions, but in terms of efficiently transforming the resources in its body into energy, Buggy was definitely inferior to Susu, who had mastered Infinite Devour.

How could the legendary Sea Tyrant’s Leviathan be called an invincible overlord that could fight totems? It was all because the space in its body stored an entire ocean army.

An army of krakens!

At the moment, it was easy for Susu to use energy crystals to replenish its consumption. The efficiency exceeded the imagination of outsiders, just like how Ji Feng’s elemental lord could store hundreds of millions of energy points in its body.

Although it couldn’t be displayed to strengthen itself at once like Eleven’s sharp eruption, it could be used to replenish consumption.

Shi Yu walked calmly while Susu followed quietly beside him.

“Ning ~” Right now, Susu enjoyed this state very much.

Not only because it was the only one fighting side by side with Shi Yu, but also because it was fighting the Beast Tamers and pets of the seven islands!!

Susu was especially excited. It strongly requested that it be given all ten levels so that Chi Tong could rest.

“We can try. Who’s next?”

Shi Yu left for a while. This period of time was also used to recover Susu’s energy. Soon, a middle-aged man in a furry coat with the image of a tough guy was waiting for Shi Yu and the others at the top of the mountain. He was discovered by Shi Yu!

Beside him stood a huge dragon!!!

This dragon had a white body and blue wings. It had a strong body like a traditional dragon. It was more than ten meters tall and emitted a powerful dragon might.