Chapter 572 - Heavenly Frost Cold Energy That Froze Time (2)

Zheng Hai, Ji Feng, Ning Tianming, and Tong Yan, who were in the top ten of the Sequence, were all here!

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Shi Yu thought for a moment. It was normal. After all, the exchange between the two countries during the World Tournament would definitely not be lacking in battle exchanges. The Dong Huang exchange team definitely had to bring a batch of geniuses.

Unfortunately… Heavenly King Zou wasn’t in the top ten anymore. Once he left the country, he would definitely be looked down upon by his international friends…

…

The journey to Dong Huang was calm.

This was also normal. The number of creatures qualified to rob this ship, excluding Dragon Palace City, was less than two.

After a period of sailing, the Dong Huang exchange team was about to approach the sea area of the seven islands, close to one of the seven islands, “Heavenly Rainbow Island”.

This island was famous for being able to see beautiful rainbows in the sky all year round. It was one of the seven major islands in the seven islands area.

In terms of area, it was about the size of a second-level city in Dong Huang. It was much smaller than a first-level city.

However, in terms of development level, the core cities of every island in the seven islands were not what Dong Huang’s second-level cities could compare to. They matched Dong Huang’s first-level cities.

The huge battleship gradually approached Heavenly Rainbow Island. On Heavenly Rainbow Island, they also knew that Dong Huang’s exchange team was coming today. Several legends had already come to welcome them.

…

The exchange belonged to the Tyrannical Sea Legend and the others. At the moment, Shi Yu only needed to wait for the results and wait for the higher-ups to tell him what to do.

After arriving at the seven islands, the overlord-level battleship boarded the land in the form of a base car.

The members of Dong Huang’s exchange team were all arranged to stay in a high-level residence called the Heavenly Rainbow Tower in Tian Hong City. Shi Yu also directly carried his bag and checked in. The gem cat that followed him checked that the room was fine and yawned.

“Why did you come with me??”

Shi Yu ate the sweet fruit and spoke unclearly.

“To protect you.”

The gem cat said, “Stop eating, hurry up!”

“What’s so good about fruits?”

“I’m still waiting to eat the raw fish slices from the banquet… I wonder how it’s compared to the big meal in Dragon Palace City…”

Shi Yu : “…”

Arrogant! It actually said that the fruits planted by Baby Ginseng weren’t delicious? It wasn’t like it wouldn’t keep asking for gem fruits in the future!

“I thought you wanted to take the time to take a look at the Space Emperor Ruins first.” Shi Yu curled his lips.

The Space Emperor established a total of four “Star Prayer Ruins” to mobilize the power of the stars as nutrition to hatch the Space Beast Egg.

And the “Star Wilderness Island” in the seven islands area had one of the four ruins.

Therefore, apart from going to the “Red God Island” to take a look at the Phoenix Mystic Realm, they also had to go to Star Wilderness Island to find the Space Emperor Ruins. They were also busy enough.

“Let’s go, let’s go,” Shi Yu said. “I want to eat that kind of food that can ‘burst my clothes’. I wonder if there’s any.”

The gem cat: ???

What the f*ck was that?

“It’s similar to those ‘glowing’ dishes.”

As a “disguiser”, Shi Yu did not exchange feeding experience with his friends from the seven islands. His destination was clear. Like the gem cat, he was already here. He would eat more special food first.

….

On the other side.

The legendary Beast Tamer of Dong Huang, led by the Tyrannical Sea Legend, also met the higher-ups of the Seven Islands Association.

On the seven islands, the one in charge of welcoming the Dong Huang exchange team was the titled legend of the seven islands, General Tian Zhi, known as the “Legend of the Warring States”. This title came from this Beast Tamer. He had once destroyed a small totem country that threatened the seven islands, by himself.

From the seven islands, two legends also arrived. They were the legendary Mechanic “Orange Qianyao” who had studied and communicated with Dong Huang, and the legendary Beast Tamer “Su Zijin” of the Suzuki Financial Group, the largest financial group of the seven islands.

Dong Huang and the seven islands started a discussion for hours about the exchange between the two countries.

Just as some rules were confirmed, Shi Yu had also finished his meal and was lying in his room…

“They’re calling you to the meeting.” Beside him, a cat was also in charge of passing the message.

These words surprised Shi Yu. “The discussion results are out. I wonder when I can show off…”

“Cat, Instant Transmission!”

“I can’t use Buggy now.”

The gem cat: ???

Did he not have legs?

Couldn’t it walk after not having Instant Transmission?

“Hurry up and climb,” the gem cat cursed.

At the same time.

In the lounge of the four legends of Dong Huang, the four legends were sitting together and discussing the exchange just now.

At this moment, a figure flashed over, making the four of them look up together.

“How’s the situation?” Shi Yu asked them after arriving in a daze.

Tyrannical Sea Legend and the others nodded and said, “It’s pretty smooth, but for both parties, it’s a bet.”

“What do you mean?” Shi Yu also sat down.

Tyrannical Sea Legend said, “In the seven islands, the one they’re most concerned about is still Dong Huang’s mechanical phantom beast system. However, Dong Huang definitely won’t let go in this aspect.”

“Apart from that, what they’re most concerned about are the various mystic realms, ruins, and rich resources in the Dong Huang area.”

This was very normal. After all, the area of the seven islands was much smaller than Dong Huang, and their history was even shorter. Therefore, places like ruins and mystic realms were far fewer than Dong Huang.

And places like ruins and mystic realms happened to be the treasure land that produced the most resources and inheritances. It would be strange if the seven islands weren’t envious.

Therefore, there was no need for Dong Huang to take the initiative to mention it. The seven islands, like Ming Hua, had their eyes on Dong Huang’s ruins and mystic realms.

Dong Huang only followed the thoughts of the seven islands and easily drafted the communication rules they wanted.