Chapter 574 - Heavenly Frost Cold Energy That Froze Time (4)

“Uh.” Shi Yu looked at the four legends and said, “Have you forgotten something? Don’t you still have me?”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“From the sound of it, nine levels shouldn’t be difficult. We can also give the tenth level a try.”

Shi Yu’s words attracted the attention of the four legends present.

They were silent.

Jiang Tianyang looked at Shi Yu strangely.

But now, he wasn’t Shi Yu, he was Lu Bai!!

Shi Yu, the number one person below the legendary level of Dong Huang. Not to mention nine levels, there might even be hope for ten levels, but the problem was that if Shi Yu came to challenge, wouldn’t his disguise be pointless?

“Unless you recover to Shi Yu and challenge it with your Iron-eating Beast.” The corners of Tyrannical Sea Legend’s mouth twitched.

Shi Yu chuckled and said, “That’s not necessary. My other pets are also very strong.”

With that said.

A purple summoning array condensed in front of him, and cold air surged. An Ice Slime with a frost crown and a frozen body appeared in front of everyone.

“Ning!”

At the same time, an illusion condensed in the air, and a blue bird spirit flickering with ghost flames landed on the crown.

“Jiu!”

“There’s no need to rely on Eleven. Every one of my pets has quasi overlord battle power at this moment. The two of them are enough to challenge the champion path. Moreover, look at their images…”

The bird spirit covered in blue flames was completely different from the sword spirit Chi Tong with pure energy.

The monarch race, the mainstream elemental pet of the seven islands, the Ice Slime King, was also a world-shaking change from the previous transcendent race, the Water Slime.

Seeing Shi Yu’s two pets, the expressions of the four legends changed in shock.

What was going on?

For a moment, they couldn’t react.

But soon, Senior Ke said, “This, this bird spirit, could it be???”

Was it Senior Mu Huiyin’s heroic spirit? Why did it become like this!

After a moment of silence, the Tyrannical Sea Legend said, “Why has it become like this too? Evolution??”

He was referring to the reincarnation of the Blue Sea Sprite.

Why did it go from the water slime of a transcendent race to the Ice Slime King of a monarch race?

If ordinary Slimes were low-level creatures among elemental creatures, then the Slime King was a top-notch elemental pet. In the world, many Beast Tamers contracted the Slime King. This was a relatively powerful monarch battle pet… It was completely different from Slimes.

However, until now, no one had found a way to let the slime evolve into the Slime King. The Slime King could only be born naturally.

However… Even if water and ice were the same, evolving from a Water Slime to the Ice Slime King in an instant was too big a leap.

“It just borrowed the power of legendary resources. Moreover, it doesn’t have a specific race now. Even if it transforms into a human form, dragon form, and phoenix form, it can still do it. Even the top index can’t explore its essence,” Shi Yu said.

Moreover… ever since Susu learned Infinite Devour and evolved many times, it was no longer a water slime.

Shi Yu couldn’t be bothered to think of a new race name. He directly called it “Blue Sea Sprite Reincarnation”. It saved him trouble!

“Let Ji Feng, Zou Yun, and the others come first. If they can’t defeat it, I’ll go on stage.”

“Or I can go up and scout first before letting them go up.”

Now, Chi Tong and Susu’s strength was no longer as miserable as in the team competition. Their current strength was already stronger than the champion at that time, Eleven. After all, they had undergone more systematic training and used a large amount of resources.

Shi Yu felt that it wouldn’t be weaker than Ji Feng, Senior Lu, and the others’ trump cards, or they might even be stronger!

“You plan to only let the two of them challenge the champion path??” Tyrannical Sea Legend said.

“Yes.”

….

The next day.

Ji Feng, Ning Tianming, Tong Yan, Zou Yun, Shi Yu, and the others were summoned by the Tyrannical Sea Legend and the others.

“The path to champion?”

Upon hearing this news, Ji Feng and the others fell silent.

As Legend Xiao Shuang explained the specific bet agreement between the two countries, Ji Feng and the others were stunned. In other words, who had the initiative in this exchange… Depended on the performance of Sequence contestants like them during the challenge of the champion path?

“We have a total of five spots. After confirmation, the five of you will challenge it. Is there anyone who doesn’t want to participate?” Legend Xiao Shuang asked.

Ji Feng, Ning Tianming, Tong Yan, and Zou Yun naturally had no objections.

Before they came to the exchange team, they were already prepared to fight the seven island Beast Tamers.

It could be said that if it weren’t for the sake of fighting, they wouldn’t have come to the seven islands at all.

However,

The four of them looked at the “fifth person” among them and the white-haired youth who was coughing with his hand covering his mouth. They immediately fell into deep thought.

What was this?

Why did they bring a patient?

Such a guy was so weak that he could fall to the ground in the next moment. Could he really fight?

Are they sure they’re not here to scam the seven islands?

“Little Brother Lu Bai…” Zou Yun was puzzled. What was going on?

As even its size had changed, these guys who had seen Shi Yu before didn’t recognize him. This made Shi Yu sigh. As expected of himself.

Not to mention them, even the gem cat totem couldn’t recognize him at the start.

Edogawa Conan, learn from me. It’s not enough to just shrink. I suggest changing your hair color and hairstyle and even the face! A weak face!

“He’s Lu Bai, President Ye Hui’s student. He’s been recuperating because of his poor health, but there’s no problem with his battle skills. In terms of strength, he’s not inferior to you. Although he looks like this, he’s already in his twenties. He’s an older top-notch master.”