Chapter 571 - Heavenly Frost Cold Energy That Froze Time (1)

On Dong Huang’s side, they planned for big news.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

This caused the departure time to be delayed for half a day.

During this period, it was mainly to ask President Lin.

Regarding this matter, President Lin expressed ‘screw it’.

If Shi Yu had that ability, it would be best to blow up a few more seven island ruins.

After hearing about this…

Shi Yu fell silent…

The Lin family definitely didn’t like the seven islands.

The grudges probably went back to a hundred years ago!

President Lin was the descendant of Lin Feng Legend.

He had most likely heard some small story.

As for why Shi Yu knew, it was because the Sea Dragon King had said it in Dragon Palace City.

When he heard that the Poison Dragon Totem was from the seven islands, the Sea Dragon King kept cursing.

He couldn’t wait to drown the seven islands immediately.

It seemed like Lin Feng had conflicts with the seven islands back then.

“I should have brought the Sea Dragon King and his wife along…” Shi Yu muttered in his heart.

If Shi Yu remembered correctly, a member of his Dragon Palace City’s Marine Environmental Protection Department had gone to the seven islands to investigate the poison radiation a long time ago. He wondered if there were any results from the investigation.

If Dragon Palace City caught wind of this, this group of totem dragon kings would definitely go to the seven islands to extort money.

After all, in terms of overall strength, Dragon Palace City was definitely not inferior to the seven islands.

In addition, Dong Huang was an ally of Dragon Palace City.

If evidence was really caught, the seven islands could only admit it.

After Dong Huang and Dragon Palace City formed an alliance, both parties were on the same side.

It was also because of the alliance with Dragon Palace City that Dong Huang’s overall national strength had always been first among the seven countries.

After all, with the Mechanical Legend+Dragon Palace Dragon God, Dong Huang had two demigods!

This was something the other five countries couldn’t compare to.

The only thing that could compare was the Shen Feng Nation. They also had a mechanical legend. Moreover, this mechanical legend had successfully used creatures to modify a demigod-level mechanical divine eagle.

However, between the Dragon God and the Divine Eagle… there was no doubt at all which was stronger.

The battleship heading to the seven islands finally set off.

Driving a battleship to communicate was also a unique style in this world…

After all, natural disasters were extremely frequent on Blue Planet, and there were countless ferocious beasts in the sea.

Even ordinary legends had to rely on transportation very much when they went abroad.

After the battleship set off, Shi Yu came to the deck and blew the sea breeze.

In the sky, groups of transcendent sea birds flew across the sky and rode the sea breeze.

On the deck, Shi Yu wasn’t the only one. There were also some other Dong Huang elites.

It was rare for them to go abroad. The dozens of elites from various fields were either chatting and communicating in the banquet in the battleship or breathing fresh air on the deck outside.

There were even some Beast Tamers who released their water-element pets and flying pets to swim the sea and soar in the sky above the sea.

With the overlord-level battleship and so many legendary escorts, the safety of the Dong Huang exchange team was still guaranteed.

Moreover, the East Sea here was also the domain of Dragon Palace City, so there was even less of a problem.

But, when they approached the seven islands, they needed to pass by a few totem territories.

For example, the Earth Demon Ape and the Snake Lord that Baby Ginseng had exploded. Their hometown… was over there.

However, during the World Tournament, most of the totem countries had already issued a joint statement that during this period, everyone had to be stable and not cause trouble, so the chances of something happening weren’t high.

Of course, even so, they had to be careful. After all, the resources brought by the exchange teams of the seven countries were enough to make many overlords and totems envious.

Not all totem countries would be stable. A large faction like Dragon Palace City didn’t even care about the joint declaration of the Seven Nation Alliance and the Totem Alliance. After all, Dragon Palace City wasn’t even interested in participating.

“Eh.”

Just as Shi Yu was sitting at the edge of the battleship, a familiar voice suddenly came from afar.

“Little brother, you look unfamiliar.”

“Who are you with?”

A young man in sunglasses took off his sunglasses and looked at the white-haired Shi Yu curiously.

Obviously, he didn’t recognize Shi Yu.

Moreover, he was rather curious about Shi Yu’s hair color…

It didn’t look like it was infected. Was it a special disease?

Looking at Shi Yu’s complexion, it was indeed not very healthy.

“Heavenly King Zou…”

As for Shi Yu, whose figure, height, hair color, and aura had changed because of the Time Fruit and the additional points, he looked at the young man in front of him and smiled in surprise.

Oh, wasn’t this Zou Tianwang!

Was he going to the seven islands to find hot topics?

Why wasn’t he in the country anymore?

“Huh?”

Seeing that this white-haired youth knew him, Zou Yun immediately chuckled and said, “What heavenly king? Just call me Zou Yun.”

How could anyone who could enter this exchange team be simple? As a Beast Tamer from the club, Zou Yun definitely had to maximize his interpersonal skills. When the time came, it would be more convenient for him to change his style.

“I’m President Ye Hui’s student, Lu Bai. There’s a mission assigned by the teacher this time. I’m going to observe the unique pets of the seven islands.” Shi Yu spoke nonsense and stole the surnames of Senior Lu and Senior Bai.

It had to be said that this name matched his white hair.

“I see! Lu Bai, Master Ye Hui’s student? In that case, you’re a Feeder?” Zou Yun said.

“Part-time. As for my main job, I’m still a Beast Tamer.” Shi Yu smiled.

“I see.” Zou Yun didn’t take it seriously. After all, he didn’t see Lu Bai’s name in the Sequence ranking.

Then, Shi Yu and Zou Tianwang chatted freely and obtained impressive information.