Chapter 577 - Heavenly Frost Cold Energy That Froze Time (7)

“What kind of pet is this…”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

At the moment, the Beast Tamers of the seven islands could only determine that this was an ice-element elemental creature.

Also…

Energy Points: 1,190,000

This extremely ordinary basic energy value also made the Beast Tamers of the seven islands silent.

In addition, Shi Yu’s sickly and weak white hair made the Beast Tamers of the seven islands wonder if this person could do it. What did Dong Huang mean?

“Hundred God, what do you think?” In the seven island audience seats, a young and beautiful woman in a JK uniform sat beside a brown-haired young man and asked.

“I can’t tell, but this energy is definitely not real.” The brown-haired young man’s expression was calm.

“Then judge if the number of levels he can clear can surpass yours.” The girl smiled.

The Thousand River Hundred God was known as the number one master of the new generation of the seven islands. In other words, among the non-legendary Beast Tamers under the age of 30, the strongest person was the current best battle record holder on the champion path. He passed a total of eight levels and unfortunately lost at ninth.

He had heard that the Beast Tamer of the Dong Huang exchange team, the contestants of the Dong Huang World Tournament, had come to challenge the path. He then took the initiative to be the guardian of the champion path.

“No, because I’ll guard the eighth level,” Hundred God said.

…

Below.

Shi Yu walked step by step. The scenery of the Crown Rainbow Mountain Range was very special.

In the sky, there was a clear sky rainbow. It was said that as they went deeper into the island, there were also various natural wonders. There were volcanoes, snow peaks, waterfalls, and forests. It was a miracle mountain carved by nature.

At the moment, the place where Shi Yu descended was a mountain path made of rocks and ordinary vegetation. He had only taken a few steps when a figure appeared.

This was also a young man. However, the other party was wearing floral pants and a black leather jacket. Such a strange combination of clothes immediately stunned Shi Yu.

In addition, the other party’s fashionable pink mohawk made Shi Yu suspect where this bad young man came from.

“Yo, you’re the challenger of Dong Huang this time?” At the same time that he spoke in a ruffian manner, the surrounding purple summoning array appeared. A huge dog-type creature more than two meters tall, completely black, and with hair like swaying black flames appeared beside him.

Apart from its bright red eyes, this dog-type creature’s tail was the most strange. It was like a black fire tornado that wrapped around its body, and its tail was even longer than its main body.

< Name > Hell Fire Hound

[Attributes]: Fire

[Race Level]: Low-level overlord

[Level of Growth]: Monarch Level

Energy Points: 4.3 million

“Roar!!!” After the Hell Fire Divine Hound appeared, black flames swayed around its body. It immediately formed a confrontation with the ice elemental life form in front of it. Its blood eyes were rather unfriendly, and heat waves surged!

“His name is Quan Zhongye, the heir of the largest gang on the seven islands. His fire-element strengthening talent has been trained very well. In addition to the Hell Fire Hound’s own explosive skill, his strength can reach the level of a top-notch monarch.”

A top-notch monarch! This was a name that was given to those that exceeded ten million energy points.

On the sky ship, be it the legends of the Warring States or the legends of the seven islands, they were introducing the information about Quan Zhongye to their friends beside them.

Quan Zhongye wasn’t strong, but it wasn’t weak either. Among the Beast Tamers under the age of 30 on the seven islands, its strength was enough to rank in the top ten.

If they wanted to defeat him, Dong Huang’s contestants definitely had to pay a price.

The reason why he introduced it to Dong Huang now was that the seven islands also wanted to hear some information about this contestant from Dong Huang.

He had already taken the initiative to chat with him, so it was a little inappropriate for him not to reveal his contestant’s information, right?

At the moment.

The Beast Tamers of the seven islands and Dong Huang were all paying attention to “Quan Zhongye” and “Shi Yu”. Even Dong Huang’s own people, apart from a few legends, no one else knew where Shi Yu’s transformation into Lu Bai came from.

“This dog… looks like it’s not easy to deal with.” Zou Yunwang was stunned. He suspected that the seven islands were targeting him. The first level was holding such an opponent. If the difficulty of the later nine levels was not much different from the first level, that would still be alright. If the opponent’s strength had always been increasing, then it would be more and more difficult to fight towards the end! After all, the physical fitness of a Beast Tamer was limited. Even if there were supplements to replenish it, how much could it replenish with their time limit?

Not everyone could absorb supplements easily.

“That’s all?” Ji Feng’s expression didn’t change. His goal, the mission given to him by the Tyrannical Sea Legend, was to pass ten levels as much as possible. At the very least, he had to pass nine levels. The difficulty of this first level was indeed not much for him.

However, Ji Feng didn’t know how this “Lu Bai” was.

At this moment, as the battle was about to begin, the legends of Dong Huang were silent for a moment before slowly speaking.

“Lu Bai, he’s good at training pets…”

Eh?

The seven island legends had yet to react.

Below.

Susu, who was beside Shi Yu, was already muttering as it looked at its opponent.

Boom!!!

All the ice-element power in its body erupted, and a terrifying energy wave formed a snowstorm. On the other side, Quan Zhongye and the Hell Fire Hound gritted their teeth and were about to fight when something unexpected happened.

Almost instantly, Susu, who had broken the time seal, had its energy level increase to nearly six million. If that was all, it would be fine. The most terrifying thing was that Susu was using the combination skill of Dao Proficiency Blizzard and Heavenly Frost Cold Energy.

The moment Susu activated the max-level snowstorm, the natural environment here was completely changed in the blink of an eye. Cold air filled the sky and froze the mountain path.

If that was the case, an ordinary weather skill couldn’t affect Quan Zhongye and the Hell Fire Hound at all. However, the difficulty was that the current Susu had already mastered the special ice-element power, Heavenly Frost Cold Energy. Its current ice-element power already had a weak time freeze nature.

It was as if space and time had frozen. The moment the weather was changed by the max-level snowstorm, the expressions of Quan Zhongye and the Hell Fire Hound froze. There was even no time for Quan Zhongye and the Hell Fire Hound to activate their talent and erupt.

In the blink of an eye, the ice elemental power condensed. Quan Zhongye and Hell Fire Hound, who couldn’t react to the combination skill of Blizzard and Heavenly Frost Cold Energy, directly turned into ice sculptures under Shi Yu and Susu’s gaze.

The ground was already covered in ice shards. After taking a look at his opponent, Shi Yu calmly walked forward. Susu followed beside him and brushed past his opponent in the first round.

The first level was done in an instant.

Instant kill.

Even Quan Zhongye and the Hell Fire Hound themselves didn’t know why they didn’t have time to resist the enemy’s snowstorm at all.

In the eyes of the Beast Tamers in the outside world, it was also very ridiculous.

The Beast Tamers of the seven islands opened their mouths wide. They didn’t understand why Quan Zhongye and the Hell Fire Hound couldn’t handle a snowstorm. Even if the activation speed of that snowstorm was very fast and their proficiency had probably reached transcendent, they shouldn’t be completely unresponsive!!

Ji Feng, Zou Yun, and the others were also shocked and confused.

At this moment, looking at the frozen Quan Zhongye and the Hell Fire Hound, as well as Shi Yu and the ice elemental life form that passed them and continued to walk towards the second level, the Beast Tamers of the seven islands were collectively silent. Even the seven island legends revealed extremely serious and shocked expressions. Their expressions kept changing as they recalled the scene just now. Soon, the Warring States Legend took a deep breath and said in disbelief,

“That snowstorm just now…”

The Beast Tamers of the seven islands looked at him.

“It froze time!!!” Finally, the legend of the Warring States made a judgment, making the expressions of the seven island Beast Tamers change.

This was… an extremely rare transcendent life form that controlled the power of time!!