Chapter 576 - Heavenly Frost Cold Energy That Froze Time (6)

“Please have some self-respect,” the witch from the unknown shrine said coldly and seriously, giving Heavenly King Zou the cold shoulder.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“This Zou Yun.” Seeing that Zou Yun was so unreliable, the female Poison Doctor Tong Yan from Division 13 immediately sighed. She hoped that Zou Yun wouldn’t screw up on the path champion later.

Otherwise, don’t blame her for putting laxatives in Zou Yun’s food.

Tong Yan then arrived beside the weak Shi Yu.

Shi Yu was really weak. After all, he had just taught the Heavenly Frost Cold Energy not long ago.

Seeing Shi Yu’s expression, Tong Yan from the Medical Bureau was slightly stunned. He walked to Shi Yu’s side and said, “Are you alright? Do you need me to take a look?”

“Thank you.” Shi Yu looked at the other party and said weakly, “It’s alright, I’m already used to it. It looks pretty serious, but it’s actually fine.”

Now, it was still not a problem to crush a commander rank with a punch. The physiques of those legendary Beast Tamers might not necessarily be better than his.

“Really…” Tong Yan said suspiciously.

Soon, as the Sky Ship went deeper, the Tyrannical Sea Legend, Yu Hui, and the Warring State Legend, Tian Jiangzhi, had already announced the beginning of the path to champion. It officially began!

“The entrance to the Path to Champion is ahead. Our first guardian is already waiting below.”

“Next, choose your challenger charge all the way through.” The legend of the Warring States touched his white goatee and said to the Tyrannical Sea Legend with a smile.

Two Titled Legends sat on the top of the Sky Ship.

The other legends sat on the lower level and looked down from high above. With the vision of legendary Beast Tamers, it was easy for them to see the environment and battles in the Crown Rainbow Mountain Range below.

The entire Sky Ship was like a huge audience seat. Many Beast Tamers from Dong Huang and the seven islands would watch the entire competition.

The challenge process would last for a total of five days. There were five contestants in Dong Huang, so it was one contestant a day.

The reason why it took so long was to give the challenger sufficient time to rest during the challenge. After all, using the strengthening talent to fight was quite draining.

They couldn’t challenge ten strong enemies in a row without giving them time to rest.

“Alright.” Tyrannical Sea Legend nodded and looked at the white-haired youth of contestant Dong Huang.

Shi Yu suggested that he be the last or first to appear.

The reason was very simple. In the remaining three to four days, Shi Yu didn’t want to be an audience here. He wanted to take the opportunity to look for the Space Emperor Ruins.

Tyrannical Sea Legend thought for a moment. Since Shi Yu planned to only use two pets and didn’t plan to use trump cards like the Iron-eating Beast and Baby Ginseng, theoretically speaking, Shi Yu’s strength definitely couldn’t be completely displayed. In that case, everyone decided to let Shi Yu be the first to go on stage.

To test the waters for Ji Feng and the others.

Of course, it would be best if Shi Yu could pass nine levels in one go.

They still believed in Shi Yu’s strength. After all, that was Mu Huiyin’s heroic spirit and the Blue Sea Sprite Reincarnation!!

Moreover, Shi Yu had corresponding legendary resources!

The only pity was that only two of his pets could fight with different images for the disguise. In terms of switching between just these two, Shi Yu would definitely be at a disadvantage. He was inferior to Ji Feng and the others. The individual styles of the Iron-eating Beast, the Butterfly of Imagination, and Baby Ginseng were still too obvious.

“Lu Bai,” the Tyrannical Sea Legend said in a low voice. On the sky ship, Shi Yu nodded and jumped down from the sky ship under the surprised gazes of Ji Feng, Zheng Hai, and Zou Yun.

Hu hu hu!!!

Everyone was attracted by Shi Yu, who leaped down, and looked down!!!

Shi Yu’s fall was not that fast. His body appeared extremely light. During the descent, a huge purple summoning array appeared, and extremely cold ice elemental power condensed!!

Hu hu hu!!!

As Shi Yu landed lightly, a human-shaped elemental sprite made of pure ice elements appeared beside him!!

The elemental sprite was about the same height as Shi Yu. Its entire body was ice-blue, and cold air filled the air. The ice and snow outlined its humanoid form, but its body and facial features were still ice elements. From its appearance under the frost, it seemed to be a little like a pure and flawless holy maiden. Its long ice-blue hair fluttered, and it held a holy sword made of frost. It condensed beside Shi Yu like a guardian.

As Shi Yu took a step forward, the Ice Elemental Sprite also floated forward!

On Dong Huang’s side, they sent Shi Yu as the Beast Tamer who challenged the path to champion today!!

After Shi Yu appeared, the expressions of the legends on the seven islands and the other Beast Tamers instantly froze.

This was because among the five Beast Tamers of Dong Huang today, the only ones they were familiar with were Zou Yun and Ning Tianming. As for Ji Feng, who had been a spy overseas for many years, or Tong Yan, who rarely appeared or even fought publicly in Division 13, or Shi Yu, who was “Lu Bai”… there was not much information about them on the seven islands.

Especially Shi Yu. Although there was little information about Ji Feng and Tong Yan, they were at least on the list of Dong Huang’s Sequence. However, this “Lu Bai” had purely appeared out of nowhere. The seven islands didn’t know which secret weapon Dong Huang had cultivated.

“Ice elemental creature…”

Sensing the cold aura of the ice elemental creature around Shi Yu, many Beast Tamers on the seven islands were also slightly stunned. At the same time, many people took out indexes and tested the creature.

However, to their surprise, the index of the seven islands actually couldn’t detect what this creature’s “own race” was.