Chapter 573 - Heavenly Frost Cold Energy That Froze Time (3)

“Let’s not talk about the changes in the other business exchanges first. The most important thing this time is the bet between the ruins and mystic realms.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“How do we bet?” Shi Yu asked.

“Of course it’s the most direct battle,” Tyrannical Sea Legend said. “Just like the exchange between Dong Huang and Ming Hua that you participated in back then, using the battle results to determine the authority of both parties.”

“This time, the seven islands will open their ‘Champion Path’ to contestants under the age of 30 who are below the level of Beast Tamers and overlords.”

“How many ruins and mystic realm resources we can use, explore, and obtain this time will depend on the outcome of the challenge on the path of the champion.”

“The path to champion… What’s that?” Shi Yu asked in confusion.

When he studied the history of the seven islands, there was no such thing.

“A new place for the Seven Islands Association to choose ‘legends’.”

Legend Xiao Shuang said, “There are a total of ten stages on the path to champion. The first nine stages will be guarded by nine powerful top-notch masters. The tenth stage will be guarded by an overlord-level pet.”

“The challenge rules are 1VS1. The challenger can change pets after every level. If the challenger can pass ten levels in ten hours, it’s successful, and the Seven Islands Association will reward a ‘legendary resource’ to the local contestants who can complete the challenge.”

“It’s similar to our Sequence battle. It’s the venue of the selection legend established by the seven islands to support them under the age of 30.”

“This…” Shi Yu was immediately shocked.” If we pass, will they also reward us with legendary resources? ”

The legends: “Dream on!”

How was that possible!

“In the territory of the seven islands, there are no Beast Tamers who have successfully passed the Road of Champions. This challenge is undoubtedly very difficult. The highest battle result of their contestants is only passing the eighth level. It’s not easy for us to challenge results on this Road of Champions…”

“The contestant who passed the eighth level is known as the number one master of the new generation of the seven islands. He’s quite extraordinary.”

“Of course, we don’t have to worry too much. In terms of the strength of young geniuses, Dong Huang has always been one of the best.”

“And the seven islands are about the same as Ming Hua.”

“It means that the better the results our contestants can achieve, the more mystic realms and ruins the seven islands can open to us. On the other hand, if our results don’t reach the standard of the bet agreement, our Dong Huang will open some Dong Huang mystic realms and ruins to them,” Senior Ke said.

“The seven islands will open their special cultivation mystic realms and ruins of different levels to the contestants who break through the fifth, sixth, and seventh levels.”

“Among them, as long as contestant Dong Huang successfully breaks through the eighth level, the seven islands will open their unsolved mystic realms and ruins to Dong Huang. We can try to crack them. Then, the two parties will split the gains according to 4: 6. 4 for us and 6 for them.”

“If we successfully pass the ninth level, we can crack the unsolved ruins and mystic realms of the seven islands ourselves within the specified time. The gains will all belong to Dong Huang. The more people pass, the longer we can explore!”

“And as long as contestant Dong Huang successfully breaks through ten levels, the seven islands will open one of their completely cracked Mythical ruins for contestant Dong Huang to cultivate for seven days. Although its value is inferior to legendary resources, it’s not bad.”

“Apart from that, Dong Huang will also obtain the initiative in this business activity. It can use one of our legendary resources to exchange for one of their legendary resources unconditionally. The choice is in our hands.”

This was equivalent to using Dong Huang’s useless legendary resources to exchange for the other party’s rare legendary resources.

After Senior Ke Yingzong finished speaking, Shi Yu took a deep breath.

Good lord.

It was indeed a huge bet.

As long as he passed the ninth level of the championship path, the seven island ruins mystic realm would be freely explored by Dong Huang, and all the benefits would belong to Dong Huang. Wouldn’t this be like sending a sheep into the tiger’s mouth??

Of course, from the perspective of the Seven Islands Association, perhaps this was nothing.

After all, the premise for all the gains to belong to Dong Huang was that Dong Huang cracked the ruins, and which of the seven islands’ unsolved ruins and mystic realms had not been attempted after researching for dozens or hundreds of years?

Even if Dong Huang studied it, they might not necessarily gain anything. Instead, there was a high chance that it would be all for nothing.

At the same time, although Senior Ke didn’t say what Dong Huang needed to pay for not passing the ninth level, it seemed that Dong Huang also had to pay a certain price, but it wasn’t as big as the seven islands.

“The difficulty of passing the championship is indeed high… Unless it’s legendary battle power, the difficulty of defeating an overlord-level pet in a one-on-one situation is terrifyingly high.”

“However, it’s only the ninth level. It shouldn’t be a big problem for Ji Feng, Tong Yan, and the others, who have the experience of killing overlords head-on and poisoning them.”

“In short, our contestants just have to pass nine levels. They have the right to explore the seven islands and obtain all the benefits.”

Senior Ke Yingzong was filled with anticipation. “That kid Ji Feng should be able to do it!! Unfortunately, your disciple Zheng Hai’s Beast Taming level hasn’t reached the standard, so he can’t challenge it. Sigh, if only Qingyi were here. This challenge definitely won’t be a problem. The tenth level might be very difficult, but the ninth level can definitely be achieved.”

“The seven islands gave five challenge spots. Ji Feng, Zou Yun, Tong Yan, and Ning Tianming are still lacking one. Why don’t I go to Dong Huang to fetch Lu Qingyi?” Legend Sea Tyrant said. “If I’m in a hurry, I should be back tomorrow. I can make it.”