Chapter 583 - Battling The Number One Person Below Legend Of The Seven Islands

At this moment, Shi Yu had already reached the seventh level.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The guardian of the seventh level was a monk in a black robe.

Seeing this scene, Qian Chuan, who was guarding the eighth level, took a deep breath and still went down to prepare resolutely.

The legends of the Seven Islands, Legend Ju Qianyao, Legend Su Zijin, and the others were silent the whole time.

He had no intention of changing the guardian at the last minute in the first eight levels.

It was mainly because this “Lu Bai” was too strange and too strong.

Even if they wanted to deliberately target him, for a time, the seven islands couldn’t find anyone in the range of a top-notch master.

At this moment, the legend of the Warring States looked at a middle-aged Beast Tamer from the seven islands on the sky ship.

He was wearing a black tight battle suit with red laminated armor on the outside. There was a long saber at his waist.

Sensing that the legend was looking at him, the middle-aged Beast Tamer with messy hair also looked at the other party.

His gaze was calm, as if he didn’t have much emotion. Then, he nodded.

“I’ll give it a try.”

“We’re not trying, we have to win.” The Legend of the Warring States’ gaze sent a signal.

This man was the strongest level-six Beast Tamer in the seven islands.

It was him who guarded the ninth level of the champion’s path and interrupted the path of the strongest master of the new generation of the seven islands, the Thousand River Hundred God.

He was called Demon Sword.

“No matter what, we can’t let Dong Huang’s Beast Tamer pass the ninth level.”

The gaze of the legend of the Warring States was filled with command.

“28 million!!!”

At the same time, cries of surprise came from the sky ship again.

Below, Shi Yu had already collided with the monk guarding the seventh level.

However, this collision made the Beast Tamers of Dong Huang and the seven islands extremely annoyed.

Because the situation was still the same as the previous stages.

Under Shi Yu’s eruption, the opponent was frozen without any resistance.

Shi Yu continued forward!

At this moment, no matter how slow they were, a group of Beast Tamers holding energy detectors could discover the pattern.

Almost every new level, the ice-element pet beside Shi Yu would erupt with an extra two million energy points!

Shi Yu and the others… had been maintaining this overwhelming attack!

In other words, if Shi Yu and the others could continue, the energy value they erupted with in the eighth level could even reach 30 million??

Monster!!

“Mr. Yu, the geniuses of your country have really broadened my horizons.”

“I wonder why he isn’t ranked in the Sequence of Dong Huang if he’s so powerful?”

At this moment, when he thought of how this Lu Bai didn’t have any ranking on Dong Huang’s Sequence ranking, he felt confused.

This way, there was not even a reference for them to study!

He looked at Ji Feng, Ning Tianming, Tong Yan, and the others. How strong would these people be?

Heavenly King Zou, who was ranked eleventh, had already been figured out by the seven islands because he had been carrying out public competitions. They could still understand and accept Zou Yun’s strength.

However, how strong were those Beast Tamers in the top ten? This was something the seven islands couldn’t determine.

This Lu Bai was so strong, his strength was definitely enough to rank at the top of Dong Huang, but how were the others compared to this Lu Bai? The legend of the Warring States Era wanted to know very much.

“As you can see, his health isn’t very good, so he didn’t register for the Sequence Battle from the start.”

Tyrannical Sea Legend said, “However, from the understanding I obtained from his teacher, his strength is definitely not weaker than non-legendary Beast Tamers in the top ten of the other sequences.”

The legend of the Warring States looked at “Lu Bai” walking in the snow in silence… This was called poor health? He st8oo climbed the mountain himself if he was in poor health??

He had been climbing for two to three hours, but he didn’t seem tired!

“…Next, his opponent is the strongest top-notch master of the new generation of our seven islands,” said the legend of the Warring States.

“If I remember correctly, the strongest master of the new generation in Dong Huang is Dr. Shi Yu, right?”

Sequence five, Shi Yu, the number one person below the legend of Dong Huang!

Because he had developed the mechanical phantom beast system, Shi Yu’s name quickly spread throughout the seven islands and Shen Feng.

“Yeah. Although Lu Bai is not bad, he should still be a little inferior to Shi Yu.” Legend Sea Tyrant nodded.

It was very reasonable to say this, he was inferior because he wasn’t using his full power. He wasn’t lying.

“…” The legend of the Warring States was confused.

Initially, before the Dong Huang exchange team planned to come to the seven islands, the seven islands had tried their best to invite Shi Yu to visit the seven islands for an exchange. However, Dong Huang directly rejected this, saying that Shi Yu was not free.

Regarding this, the seven islands was also helpless. If it were them, they would definitely protect such a genius in the country well and not let him run around.

Shi Yu wouldn’t come. At the start, the seven islands sighed and felt that they had missed an opportunity to rope in a super genius. But from the looks of it, if Dr. Shi Yu, who was stronger than this Lu Bai according to the Tyrannical Sea Legend, came, wouldn’t the path of champion be cleared faster!

“It’s already 28 million… He can’t continue to increase his strength, right?” Legend of the Warring States gritted his teeth in his heart. How could he erupt like this?

“I can’t make a judgment either,” Tyrannical Sea Legend said with a smile.

“How are Lu Qingyi, Ji Feng, and the others compared to this Lu Bai?” The legend couldn’t help but ask again.

The Tyrannical Sea Legend said, “Well… I can’t say for sure.”

Almost all Lu Qingyi’s pets mastered the Mythical Revival. After the eruption, her energy level was basically guaranteed at 20 million.

As for Ji Feng, the power of the skills released by his pet after being enhanced by talent would not be inferior to this level.