Chapter 580 - Sweeping Through The Beast Tamers Of The Seven Islands (3)

“Roar!!!!!”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The middle-aged man and the dragon looked at Shi Yu and the others coldly and cautiously.

The middle-aged Beast Tamer already knew the process and outcome of the battle between Shi Yu and Quan Zhongye just now, so he naturally didn’t dare to be sloppy when facing Shi Yu. The moment Shi Yu appeared and the two of them officially came into contact, the middle-aged man’s entire body emitted a powerful aura. His wind-element strengthening talent also worked on his Storm Dragon!!

“Roar!!!”

< Name > Storm Dragon

[Attributes]: Dragon, Wind

[Race Level]: Low-level overlord

[Level of Growth]: Monarch Level

Energy Points: 10,980,000

After being strengthened by the Beast Tamer, the energy level of the Storm Dragon easily entered the ranks of top-notch monarchs. In addition to the incomparably powerful physique and dragon might of the dragon race, their terrifying might instantly pressed down on Shi Yu and the others!!

At this moment, Shi Yu’s confrontation with the second guardian once again became the focus of all the Beast Tamers of Dong Huang and the seven islands on the sky ship!

“Captain Da Quan. Originally a Beast Tamer of the Seven Islands Navy, he began to travel on the sea alone on a boat in order to break through the limit after leaving the navy. After experiencing a near death experience, not only did he successfully reach the west, but he also contracted a dragon of an overlord race during the trip. After returning, he became a first-rate expert among the top masters of the Seven Islands!!”

The Beast Tamers of the seven islands present all knew the person in front of them. This Captain Da Quan was no longer a new generation Beast Tamer of the seven islands, but an experienced top-notch master of the strength faction. He had experienced countless life and death battles in his life and had rich battle experience.

In addition, it had contracted a dragon of an overlord race. Its strength was definitely stronger than Quan Zhongye just now.

However, just as the Beast Tamers of the seven islands looked at Captain Da Quan with anticipation, wanting to see Captain Da Quan, who had not underestimated the enemy and was prepared in advance so he could give the Dong Huang challenger in front of them a lesson… A scene that stunned them again appeared.

Countless Beast Tamers from the seven islands holding the energy detection index looked at the energy value data of the machine in their hands in a daze…

2 million… 3 million… 4 million… 10 million… 18 million!!!

The ice elemental life form that had only displayed nearly 6 million energy points just now had its energy fluctuations increase to an unbelievable 18 million without any warning!!

“Finish it,” Shi Yu said, letting Susu use the combination skill developed after the team competition.

First, he used the power of the Time Fruit stored in the Infinite Devouring Space to increase its energy level to 18 million!

This wasn’t cheating. As long as it was power that a pet could store and digest in its body, it was its own strength. After all, which pet didn’t use the energy accumulated and replenished by eating various food?

In that case, it was very reasonable for Susu to eat the Time Fruit as its basic food and store its energy in its body. This was its unique ability to master Infinite Devour!

However, at this moment, it was far from the limit of Susu’s potential, far from the limit of the Time Fruit. The burden Susu needed to bear had not reached the peak.

After all, at the moment, if the Time Fruit could be used to the limit, it could instantly increase the energy value of each of Shi Yu’s main pets to about 50 million. This was the normal energy value of an overlord race. It was also the limit they could withstand.

It was just that the opponent in front of them wasn’t worth Shi Yu and Susu going all out. After all, after that attack, they really wouldn’t have any strength left.

18 million was enough. It could still recover as if nothing had happened.

At the same time, due to the effect of the super skill Holy Water Ring, the side effects of increasing to 18 million energy points were still decreasing!

Skill: Holy Water Ring

< Introduction > It’s a super water-type skill. It creates a resistance water ring. When affected by the abnormal state of its life form, it reduces the effect of the abnormal state and increases the effect of the water-type skill!

After the burden of using the power of time to increase strength was reduced by a portion by the Holy Water Ring, the power of Susu’s water-element skill was strengthened a second time by the Time Fruit. After two terrifying stages of strengthening, facing the opponent in front of it, Susu only used a very ordinary mid-level skill.

Frozen water.

“Ning!” In the face of the storm raised by the storm dragon in the distance, Susu only raised the ice sword in its hand. At the same time, a crystalline water ring wrapped around its wrist like an ice ring accessory and connected to the ice sword.

At the edge of the sword, frozen water filled the air, lingering with cold air. Then, Susu gently swung down. In an instant, the frozen water turned into a water slash that swept with cold air, like a blue sword arc, slashing at the Storm Dragon!!

Wherever the water sword arc passed, cold air erupted like a frozen world. The storm that filled the sky was frozen into a snowstorm and counterattacked with a bang. The terrifying ice power directly made the pupils of Captain Great Spring and the Storm Dragon opposite shrink…

Boom!!!

The mountain peak turned into an ice mountain. The huge dragon that wanted to spread its wings and escape also turned into a beautiful ice sculpture like the huge dog from before. On its chest, a frost blade that penetrated the dragon scales was obvious. It was shocking!!

After the attack, Susu’s aura calmed down again and returned to normal. It continued to walk down the mountain with Shi Yu to the third level.

Only the stunned Beast Tamers of the seven islands were left.

This…

Although they had already realized Shi Yu’s extraordinariness through the time-element skill just now, as Shi Yu and the ice-element pet effortlessly used “pure energy levels” to crush their opponents in the second round, the Beast Tamers of the seven islands immediately felt their hair stand on end.