Chapter 586 - Battling The Number One Person Below The Legend Of The Seven Islands (4)

Because this uncle indeed looked strong.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

He and the Demon Blade seemed to have entered a state of fusion, possession, and symbiosis. It was as if their bodies were filled with energy fluctuations that gradually rose to 31.91 million!

“This!!!” As the aura of the Demon Blade God Generation rose to a terrifying level, purple patterns appeared all over its body. Zheng Hai, Zou Yun, and the others from Dong Huang couldn’t help but be shocked. It was actually more ridiculous than Lu Bai’s pet?

Were these people really only level-six Beast Tamers? Were those pets really only monarch-level?

“It’s a little troublesome,” Ji Feng muttered.

Dong Huang’s legend also revealed a serious expression. At the moment, the other party had definitely used a skill with huge side effects. However, because of the existence of the talent transfer, the side effects were transferred to the “other pets” in the Beast Taming Space, causing him to not be affected much.

“I remember that all the pets he contracted are of the possession type, right?” The Tyrannical Sea Legend’s gaze was deep. He only used a demon saber and was already so powerful. If all the pets possessed him and he couldn’t be too injured as a transfer container and could let the pets bear it themselves, how strong would he be? This number one person below the seven island legends was indeed worthy of his name.

It was equivalent to a low-level Emperor Wu! Unfortunately, his future was delayed because of a demon saber.

At this moment, Tyrannical Sea Legend and the others also looked at Shi Yu.

Just now, Shi Yu’s pet had also erupted with 30 million energy points. It might not be impossible to fight, but at the ninth level, it was probably not that easy.

“Do you have anything to say?”

At this moment, on the canyon battlefield, when Demon Blade God saw Shi Yu say, “You also play with swords,” he was immediately confused. He looked at the ice elemental life form beside Shi Yu. Indeed, this humanoid ice life form also held a sword…

However, Yao Dao didn’t think that the two could be compared.

“It’s nothing. It’s just that I also know a Beast Tamer who’s very good at wielding a sword. Unfortunately, he didn’t come to the seven islands,” Shi Yu said calmly.

That person was the number one person below the legend of Dong Huang, Shi Yu.

If it weren’t for the fact that Susu wanted to clear the level and couldn’t expose Chi Tong’s sword spirit form, Shi Yu really wanted to sacrifice two scapegoats to fight this uncle.

At this moment, as the two parties faced each other, the atmosphere froze to the extreme. The Beast Tamers on the seven islands didn’t believe that Shi Yu could still pass this level.

“Is that so?” Shen Dai didn’t care about the Beast Tamer Shi Yu mentioned at all.

Boom!!!

Demon Blade Shen Dai swung his saber.

A sword aura that was nearly ten meters tall and filled with evil aura directly swept up an overwhelming power, shaking the mountains on both sides of the canyon, blowing away the stagnant clouds in the sky, and turning into a light that slashed at Susu beside Shi Yu with endless curses.

This power made the Beast Tamers of the seven islands and the guardians who had been insta-killed by Shi Yu feel their hearts tremble. This attack was definitely stronger than any attack Shi Yu had displayed just now!!

This guy was done.

Senior Demon Blade was indeed powerful!!!

“If you have the ability, insta-kill me again.”

Just as Qian Chuan, Bai Shen, and the other new generation geniuses were shouting in their hearts, and Ji Feng and the other Dong Huang geniuses had serious expressions, no one realized that Shi Yu’s expression was still calm.

Regarding this, Shi Yu only watched calmly. In the next moment, all the seven island Beast Tamers holding the energy index were stunned. This was because the value used to detect the energy value of the demon saber, “31,910,000”, had changed on Shi Yu!!

“Impossible!!” Seeing that Shi Yu’s pet could still increase the energy value on the basis of 30 million, these seven island Beast Tamers instantly found it difficult to accept. What was even more difficult to accept was that this time, it wasn’t just an increase of 2 million!!

10 million… 15 million… 20 million quickly jumping values didn’t stop at 32 million!!

32 million, 35 million… 40 million… 45 million!!!

The energy value jumped at an extremely fast speed, making almost every Beast Tamer of the seven islands widen their eyes. They opened their mouths wide and looked at the value in disbelief.

“Crack.” On the platform, the chairs of the three legends of the seven islands were suddenly cracked by them. They also revealed shocked gazes, not believing the scene in front of them no matter what.

A level-six Beast Tamer and a monarch-level pet were already very powerful if they could increase their energy value to 10 million. Pets could be called top-notch monarchs, located at the top of the monarch level. Raising the energy value of a monarch-level pet to 20 million and reaching the lowest standard of the monarch race overlord level, was already one in a hundred million. It was rare in the world. At this level, raising the pet’s energy value to 30 million was already very against common sense…

And now, Shi Yu’s pet was no longer just erupting with 30 million energy waves. Instead… it had raised its energy level to the same standard as the overlord race!!

More than 40 million!!

How was this possible!

At this moment, a terrifying energy wave on Susu’s body swept over like an ice-cold hurricane. Just a snowstorm blew gently, and it instantly froze the demonic sword aura that shot into the sky, making the pupils of the Demon Blade Shen Dai opposite suddenly tremble, revealing an incomprehensible expression.

“You guys…”

He looked at the young man opposite him and found it difficult to understand. Even in the world competition 20 years ago, he had never seen such a ridiculous top-notch master in the other six countries.

“You’re very strong…” Shi Yu felt that this guardian of the ninth level was the only person who could be considered a powerful guy. Unfortunately, his opponent was an overlord race life form that had eaten the full-level Time Fruit and mastered Infinite Devour.

In front of the power of time, only the appearance of beasts that had truly stepped into the overlord domain could pose a threat to them.

Boom!!!

In an instant, the number one person below the Seven Islands Legend still didn’t escape the same outcome as the previous guardian.

It was frozen in the ice called time and stared in disbelief.

At this moment, the legendary Seven Islands War State, the legendary Mechanic Ju Qianyao, and the legendary Beast Tamer Ling Mujin stood up together, their gazes incomparably shocked.

The other top-notch masters also had their values almost shattered. They looked at the battle situation in the valley below in a daze.

The ground had already become an icy plain, and the sky had already frozen. The continuous mountains on both sides instantly became snow mountains.

On Shi Yu and the others’ path, the number one person below the legends of the seven islands completely turned into ice.

“How… How…” The seven island Beast Tamers led by the Thousand River Hundred God stuttered. His words were stuck in his throat and he couldn’t say anything. It was as if the cold air had forced its way here and frozen his thoughts.

[If you have the ability, insta-kill me again…]

“F*ck…” Among the Beast Tamers of Dong Huang, Zheng Hai, Zou Yun, and the others looked at this scene in disbelief. Wait, wait, they looked at the Tyrannical Sea Legend and the others stiffly.

Was he sure this was their Dong Huang’s younger generation…?

Are you sure this was cultivated by that President Ye?

What exactly was going on? What exactly happened? This guy’s battle power was wrong, completely wrong!!!

Not to mention them, even legends like Dong Huang were stunned. They didn’t know why Shi Yu, who didn’t send out his trump card, was so fierce!!

What a joke!!! This guy also insta-killed the number one person below the legends of the seven islands??

Even if he was the number one person below the legendary level in Dong Huang, this was too ridiculous!!!

What was going on? Could it be that this pet was Shi Yu’s true trump card??

“This…” At this moment, Jiang Tianyang, who was fourth in the Sequence, was extremely stunned. He also knew Shi Yu’s true identity and knew that this guy was the number one person below fifth in the Sequence behind him.

It was said that Shi Yu was the number one person below the legendary level, but why did he feel that this guy’s ridiculous ice-element pet could already threaten his trump card? And it was said that… Shi Yu’s trump card didn’t seem to be this guy?? What a joke!! Suddenly, the legendary young master, who was originally excited to watch the show, felt that his own safety couldn’t be guaranteed!

This guy, after returning from the Seven Islands Harvest… What if he came and challenged him? He’d be in trouble!