Chapter 597 - This Duck Is Not Simple (2)

“Quack!!” The Duckbill Beast didn’t even turn around. It swung its gun and continued to look at Shi Yu.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

That was all?

“Meow, meow, meow??” At this moment, the gem cat was extremely shocked. A wild duck shattered the mechanical Tyrant Dragon??

What was going on?

Shi Yu’s expression also changed slightly. Overlord will?

However, the mechanical Tyrant Dragon was too lousy. Did it know how much it was worth?! How could it lose so easily?!

He instantly felt very cheated.

Also, this Duck-billed Beast just now had definitely naturally activated its overlord will, stimulating its potential and erupting with stronger strength. It wasn’t a skill, but purely a basic skill to fight a strong enemy above its level.

Susu also knew this ability, but even Susu didn’t activate it as smoothly as this duck.

How was this possible…

What exactly was this duck…

“Roar!!!” At this moment, on the other side, the mechanical Tyrant Dragon covered its pierced chest in pain. It was unable to restrain its anger. It, the dignified overlord of the land, the king dragon, was actually… by a duck… A duck…

Buzz!!!

A rich brown light began to spread with the mechanical Tyrant Dragon as the center of gravity. It directly activated the Earth Domain, and its energy fluctuations also rose steadily at this moment. Seeing this, the Duckbill Beast instantly turned around and jumped up acutely, because in the next moment, a violent earthquake wave attacked!

Boom!!!

The earthquake wave swept over like a tsunami, making the jumping Duckbill Beast’s gaze solemn. It also made Shi Yu’s gaze solemn…

“Idiot, it attacked me!” Shi Yu was also furious. If it couldn’t control the earthquake well, it didn’t have to.

Looking at the incoming earthquake wave, Shi Yu punched the ground. With a boom, the ground on Shi Yu’s side suddenly cracked. A terrifying shock wave swept up from the ground, instantly devouring the earthquake released by the mechanical Tyrant Dragon, shattering the mechanical Tyrant Dragon’s Earth Domain… and also toppling the surrounding trees.

Dust and smoke kept rising.

When the Duckbill Beast landed, its body was still swaying. It opened its mouth wide and looked at the Tyrant Dragon in front and the humans behind in confusion.

Duckbill Beast: ⊙o⊙

Wait a minute, who was the Beast Tamer and who was the pet?!

Why was it different from the outside world it knew?!

The Duckbill Beast opened its mouth wide. It felt that Shi Yu’s punch just now could instantly kill it.

“Roar!! (Next time, I’ll definitely control it well.)” The Tyrant Dragon said timidly, afraid that Shi Yu would hit it.

However, Shi Yu suspected that the mechanical Tyrant Dragon wanted to accidentally kill him and usurp the throne.

“What’s wrong with this duck?” At this moment, the gem cat was also curious. As a cat, it was normal for it to be curious.

“Wu…” Shi Yu looked at the duck in front of him in deep thought and said,” I don’t know, but it’s worth researching… ”

“Little Ji, continue attacking,” Shi Yu continued to say to the Tyrant Dragon.

“Roar!!!” The mechanical Tyrant Dragon looked at the Duckbill Beast fiercely, determined to get back at it.

The Duckbill Beast also suddenly looked at the mechanical Tyrant Dragon. A battle was about to begin!

A battle between machine and duck!

….

A moment later.

Shi Yu carried the unconscious duck and said to the gem cat, “Why don’t… you help find the Space Emperor Ruins first? You saw it just now. This thing has the will of an overlord. It’s most likely the reincarnation of a totem creature. I’ll study it.”

The gem cat: !!!

“Meow!!” The gem cat was furious. It might as well eat that egg. Why hatch it? In any case, Shi Yu didn’t seem to be in a hurry to hatch it.

However, the gem cat looked at the blue duck and fell into deep thought.

Totem reincarnation, duck?

Compared to the octopus tentacles of the totem-level Vortex Demon Beast, which was better?

“Are you planning on cooking it as imperial capital roasted duck?” it asked.

Fried Star Egg+Roasted Totem Duck. This was simply a god-like life. It could make the Prediction Owl cry with envy.

The unconscious Duckbill Beast’s duck palm twitched twice.

“How is that possible!!” Shi Yu retorted. “This duck’s aptitude is extraordinary. It’s a pity to leave it on the seven islands. I’ll bring it to Dong Huang to see if I can sell it for a good price. If it’s really a totem reincarnation, it’s worth a legendary resource no matter what.”

“The Dong Huang Association definitely doesn’t mind having another future guardian.”

As for the Duckbill Beast’s opinion, he didn’t consider it.

It was very similar to the ginseng baby that was snatched away by Grandma Li at that time.

However, he wasn’t as cruel as Grandma Li. He wouldn’t use ducks to make soup.

He had never thought of using a ginseng baby to make duck blood radish soup with the Duckbill Beast.

“Please, Teacher Cat!”

After Shi Yu finished speaking, he directly carried the Duckbill Beast and entered the ruins space, leaving the gem cat outside blowing the northwest wind.

“This…”

The gem cat thought for a moment and came to a conclusion after a rational analysis…

It was used by Shi Yu as a tool anchor again!

Finding the Space Emperor Ruins was such a boring thing. How could it be more interesting than researching the overlord will duck?

“Damn it, this matter won’t end until there are 100 million gem fruits!”

…

In the outside world, the gem cat began the process of searching for the ruins while cursing. In the ruins ring space, Shi Yu and his pets surrounded the unconscious Duckbill Beast.

The mechanical Tyrant Dragon vs the Duckbill Beast. In the end, it was almost a draw between the two pets, and they ended up exhausted together.

In terms of explosive power and skill, the Duck-billed Beast was clearly better, but it couldn’t withstand the mechanical Tyrant Dragon’s thick skin and longer endurance. To Shi Yu, this draw was the mechanical Tyrant Dragon losing. To Ling, the mechanical Tyrant Dragon also lost.