Chapter 596 - This Duck Is Not Simple (1)

< Name > Duckbill Beast

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

[Attributes]: Water

[Race Level]: High Transcendent

[Level of Growth]: Transcendent

[Race Skill]: Water Blade (Intermediate water-type skill, can condense water into a long-handled stabbing weapon formed by a sharp blade and a stick.)

Psychic Strike (Intermediate spiritual skill, concentrate, increase your perception and detect the enemy’s weakness).

< Introduction > The Duckbill Beast lives in rivers and lakes. Its attack method is to create spear-like water blades. When you see it, you have to be careful of its movements, because it might be looking for the most fatal attack method.

Energy Points: 2333

Skill: Water Element Control

[Teaching success rate]: High

Shi Yu looked at the blue duckbill beast in front of him that had its claws and looked like a human. He was slightly stunned.

“Duck, you’ve successfully piqued my interest,” Shi Yu said slowly.

Transcendent level, overlord will…

Moreover, the energy value of ordinary transcendent races was rarely so high. It was basically between 500 to 1,000.

As for this duck, it was almost close to the standard of the monarch race’s transcendent level. As a wild creature, it was very rare.

Shi Yu didn’t believe that this Duckbill Beast could reach this stage at its age.

It was most likely the reincarnation of a totem big boss.

Zhong Xuan could reincarnate, and the Blue Sea Sprite could reincarnate, so other totems might have the ability to reincarnate.

“Let’s catch it and take a look…” Shi Yu muttered in his heart.

Although he had encountered a low-level pet with the will of an overlord, because he already had the water-element Susu, Shi Yu didn’t have much desire to take in the pet. He was just curious and wanted to know what this guy was like.

“Quack!!!” The Duckbill Beast’s gaze was cautious. It was fine if this group of people casually barged into its territory, but they always said nonsense. It really couldn’t tolerate it!

“Quack!! (Go away, I’ll pretend nothing happened. Don’t force me to attack.)”

“Little Ji, I’ll leave it to you.”

Shi Yu snapped his fingers. Out of respect for the “big boss”, he didn’t rely on his “level” to bully it. After all, if the Bean Bear couldn’t withstand Shi Yu’s punch without using its skills, it would be insta-killed, let alone an transcendent-level Duckbill Beast.

“Roar!!! (I am… the overlord of the earth!!)”

Boom!

Under Shi Yu’s summoning, light appeared. In the ruins space, the mechanical Tyrant Dragon that was sleeping in the dragon ring was pulled out by Shi Yu.

It just so happened that it was also at the transcendent level. Why not use it to test the situation of this Duckbill Beast?

“Roar!!” As soon as the mechanical Tyrant Dragon came out, its disdainful gaze locked onto the Duckbill Beast in front of it.

Without needing Shi Yu to call it, it knew what was going on.

During this period of time, Ling had collected a lot of its battle data. Wasn’t it just fighting?

“Roar!!” In the roar, the Tyrant Dragon condensed two Space Splitting Swords with its short hands and looked at the Duckbill Beast holding the Water Spear with a burning gaze.

“Quack!!! (That’s it?)” The Duckbill Beast looked at the mechanical Tyrant Dragon in disdain.

Tyrant Dragon: “?”

Although it couldn’t understand what the Duckbill Beast was saying, the disdain in its expression undoubtedly stimulated the mechanical Tyrant Dragon’s nerves. The mechanical Tyrant Dragon was furious.

“Roar!! (Don’t insult a king!!)”

With that said, it stepped heavily on the ground and slashed at the Duckbill Beast with two earth-element heavy swords!!

Boom!

The heavy sword had no edge, but the skill was great!!

Eat its King’s Sword!!

The battle between the two transcendent pets was naturally a battle between rookies, but Shi Yu’s gaze was rather serious…

In terms of race, the mechanical Tyrant Dragon was simply better than the Duckbill Beast. Its energy level even exceeded 5,000 points.

Under normal circumstances, even at the same level, this Duckbill Beast would still be insta-killed.

However, this Duck-billed Beast that had mastered the overlord’s will kept giving Shi Yu an unusual feeling.

Things wouldn’t be that simple!

“What the hell are you doing!” Beside him, the gem cat that had run off to take a walk turned around. Shi Yu had already sent the mechanical Tyrant Dragon to fight the Duckbill Beast. The corners of its mouth couldn’t help but twitch.

It was already so difficult to fight a low-level wild monster, how could he find an empty egg incubator?

“Huh?” The cat was just about to question, but its gem eyes suddenly flickered with a light, revealing a surprised expression.

This was because as the opponent finally attacked, the Duckbill Beast’s gaze suddenly became fierce.

It was as if a peerless expert was standing at a very high realm, looking down at the mechanical Tyrant Dragon.

“Duck!!!”

Its aura and energy rose steadily.

As the Duckbill Beast breathed, the surrounding air seemed to have a rhythm.

Energy Points: 9999

A transcendent-level Duckbill Beast with energy fluctuations approached commander rank with a bang. Shi Yu and the gem cat couldn’t tell what skill the Duckbill Beast had used at all. Its strength level naturally increased just like that.

“Quack!!!” The Duckbill Beast also moved. After a flash of its gaze, it charged towards the incoming Tyrant Dragon at an extremely fast speed!!

High-level earth-element skill, Space Splitting Sword!

Intermediate-level water-element skill, Water Blade!

Brown light and blue light flashed.

The two heavy swords crossed and slashed at the tiny duck, while the duck, with a water spear, directly stabbed at the weakness of the mechanical Tyrant Dragon’s move.

In the next moment!

The Tyrant Dragon and the Duckbill Beast exchanged positions. The two pets held weapons and had their backs facing each other!

Boom!!

A violent airflow erupted from the two of them. With a crack, the two heavy swords held by the mechanical Tyrant Dragon directly shattered. The mechanical Tyrant Dragon revealed an incredulous expression and looked down at the saber mark on its chest.