Chapter 593 - Overlord (2)

As the name “Lu Bai” began to spread throughout the seven islands, Shi Yu was already resting in his residence tiredly.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

On the seven islands, they temporarily didn’t have the time to entertain the people from Dong Huang. All of them had gone to deal with the aftermath of this incident. All kinds of exchange activities would change because of Shi Yu’s challenge today.

In the room, Shi Yu was resting while arguing with the gem cat.

“By the way, don’t forget 100 million gem fruits.”

“Do you want to tire Baby Ginseng to death!”

Knock, knock, knock.

There was a sudden knock on the door. The four legends of Dong Huang, who had finished handling their matters, came to Shi Yu’s side in unison.

At this moment, the four legends looked at Shi Yu with very complicated expressions.

It could be said that at the start, no one expected Shi Yu to really pass the ten levels alone. This was simply unbelievable. It was even more unbelievable than Shi Yu defeating the Space Emperor’s secondary pet.

“This kind of battle strategy is actually very dangerous. If it’s not necessary next time, don’t use it again, especially when facing those top overlords. Fortunately, that Heavenly Cloud Tiger’s cultivation wasn’t perfect this time. Otherwise, it would have been very risky,” said the Tyrannical Sea Legend after entering.

Although Shi Yu didn’t say it in detail, these legends quickly understood the strategy.

Its proficiency was ridiculously high. Coupled with other methods to hide energy, it attacked head-on!

“I know. I’m just giving it a try this time,” Shi Yu said with a nod.

He knew what the Tyrannical Sea Legend meant.

Sneak attacks were built on the foundation that the enemy couldn’t detect.

And after some pets were cultivated to a very powerful level, they could reach the stage where they could sense danger and avoid it.

Apart from that, some pets also mastered skills that could predict the future in advance such as “danger premonition”, “Protection Water”, “Protection Flame”, and “Future Prediction”.

At that time, as long as the Cloud Tiger sensed it in advance that there was a shrank Susu who approached it, it would be in a very dangerous situation.

However, wasn’t this because the sneak attack on the totem cat successfully gave them confidence!

At that time, he had also consulted the gem cat. Even if it was an overlord-level creature, if it didn’t master the overlord’s will, it was very rare for it to reach this realm. After all, even it as a totem almost failed.

Basically, only overlords whose willpower had been tempered and who had mastered the will of overlords could reach this body and mental realm that made them sense a completely hidden danger.

Therefore, when Shi Yu saw that the willpower of the tiger cat on the mountain was medium, he knew that it was stable. Then, he bet that the other party didn’t have skills like Dao Proficiency’s Water of Protection and Flame of Protection. Even transcendent-level skills weren’t enough!

After a series of complicated games, Shi Yu succeeded, so his opponent lost.

“What’s with the ridiculous energy eruption of your pet?” At this moment, Jiang Tianyang couldn’t help but say, afraid that Shi Yu would target him after returning.

It looked like this fourth-rank person still didn’t know that he would become Shi Yu’s bodyguard in the future. Otherwise, he wouldn’t care so much about ranking or victory.

“This… is a secret.” Shi Yu chuckled and said, “It’s related to its overlord will. It’s not convenient to talk about it in detail.”

Shi Yu lied. How could he tell him to use Infinite Devour to store the power of the Time Fruit?

After all, the Tyrannical Sea Legend wasa right there…

However, Shi Yu didn’t lie. Without the overlord’s will, he couldn’t add points to Infinite Devour. Without Infinite Devour, there was no way to erupt. It was very reasonable.

“Overlord’s will…” Jiang Tianyang was shocked. What, that ice pet had an overlord’s will??

Overlord will was very rare even among overlord-level creatures.

Only among totems was it not rare. Among the ten totems, nine of them could have the will of an overlord. After all, those who could grow into totems were all extremely extraordinary.

“Overlord’s will…” Xiao Shuang and Senior Ke were also slightly shocked. For example, although Xiao Shuang’s pet had also mastered this, Shi Yu’s monarch-level pet… had also mastered the overlord’s will?

What race was this!

Only the Tyrannical Sea Legend was silent. It was naturally normal for the Blue Sea Sprite’s will reincarnation to master the overlord’s will.

This was the Blue Sea Sprite!

The willpower of the top-notch demigods who had fought the Western Abyss Sea many times definitely exceeded everyone’s imagination, even after reincarnation.

“In the next four days, Ji Feng and the others should continue to challenge. The time to explore the ruins mystic realm will also start the day after tomorrow. During this period, what are your plans?” the Tyrannical Sea Legend asked.

“I want to find the Space Emperor Ruins to take a look first. I don’t plan to stay and watch the battle,” Shi Yu said. “I’ll save some time. It’s been so long. I reckon it might not be that easy to find the Space Emperor Ruins.”

“I want to find the Space Emperor Ruins to take a look first. I don’t plan to stay and watch the battle,” Shi Yu said. “Save some time. It’s been so long. I reckon it might not be that easy to find the Space Emperor Ruins.”

“I’ll watch over him. No problem,” the gem cat said casually.

“No problem. Just treat it as me resting in Dong Huang Base. We’ll also leave a clone behind,” Shi Yu said.

“Alright then.” Legend Sea Tyrant nodded and confirmed his train of thought. Next, Shi Yu and the gem cat went to find the coordinates of the Space Emperor Ruins first. The others continued to watch the Road of Champions challenge and carry out other exchanges.

Finally, it was time for the Dong Huang exchange team to explore the Phoenix Mystic Realm together.

…

The next day.

The second round of the champion challenge began. Today’s challenger was Zou Yun, Heavenly King Zou.