Chapter 594 - Overlord (3)

At this moment, the legends of the seven islands realized that Lu Bai from Dong Huang didn’t come to watch the battle today.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Lu Bai consumed too much energy yesterday. The eruption of his pet is related to his special cultivation talent, so he needs to rest deeply for two days.”

The Tyrannical Sea Legend gave the Battle State Legend of the seven islands a response, making the Battle State Legend fall silent.

“Do you need our help?”

“Don’t worry, it’s not a big problem. He’ll be fine after resting for two days. Our base has accompanying rest facilities,” Tyrannical Sea Legend said with a smile.

“Damn it…” The legend of the Warring States was silent. Yesterday, they had already discussed a strategy to poach this Lu Bai to the seven islands. Even today, they had already arranged for the proud daughters of heaven of the seven islands to come to the Sky Ship to contact Lu Bai, but Lu Bai didn’t come?

Could they only rope him in when he used the ruins mystic realm…

At this moment, Shi Yu was already hiding in the ruins ring space. He was brought far away from Heavenly Rainbow Island by the totem-level cat. They were running in the direction of Star Wilderness Island, one of the seven islands. It was very exciting.

But at this moment, what excited Shi Yu the most was not that he was about to turn the hatching progress of the Starry Sky Egg into quarter completion, but that something big had happened in the ruins!!

Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, and Ling trained and studied as usual. Naturally, nothing big happened to them. As for Susu, it had just cleared the champion path and was very confident. It couldn’t wait to participate in the next team competition. It felt that it had already been reborn. It shouldn’t be a problem to rank in the top three of the team.

However, it wasn’t that a happy thing had happened to it, but Chi Tong.

“Mi!!”

In the ruins space, in Chi Tong’s house built with various ice-element energy crystals…

The bone sword was placed in the most conspicuous position. Usually, Chi Tong would follow Shi Yu’s request and possess the bone sword to cultivate.

And today, it was still cultivating as usual, but its body suddenly changed.

Through the bone sword, it comprehended a skill!

“This works?”

In the space, Shi Yu looked at the confused Chi Tong and the bone sword with still strong energy fluctuations. He was stunned to the extreme.

< Name > Bone Sword

[Attributes]: Undead

[Level]: Level 9 (Legendary-level)

< Introduction > The Sword of the Dead can revive the life it killed in the form of an undead and control its will.

This was a legendary resource distributed to Shi Yu by Ancient Capital University. Not only did it have a special effect, but it was also a legendary weapon. At the same time, the undead that possessed and lived inside could also be subtly strengthened.

At the same time, when he gave it to Shi Yu, Principal Feng also said that if he completely absorbed the power of the bone sword, he might inherit the special ability of the bone sword.

Super skill, Undead Revival!

It would revive the life it killed in the form of an undead and make it its puppet’s skill!

This skill was also a top-notch skill among undead-type super skills.

But logically speaking, it needed to completely absorb the power of the bone sword to have a chance of inheriting it, but now…

“Mi ~”

< Name > Chi Tong

[Super Skill]: Revival of the Dead (Initiate)

Chi Tong didn’t wait for it to completely absorb the power of the bone sword at all. Instead, when it used the bone sword to cultivate daily, it directly comprehended the ability of the bone sword!

At this moment, Chi Tong was also very confused. After all, suddenly awakening a super skill while cultivating was too scary. Of course, after the shock, it was completely unexpected ecstasy.

“Mimi ~” Chi Tong was overjoyed.

“Wu.” Shi Yu was also silent. Could it be because of the possession skill at the level of “Dao Proficiency”?

Therefore, it let Chi Tong get closer to the requirements of the bone sword?

If that was the case, he could find more similar resources in the future.

“Mimi ~ ~!!” Chi Tong was extremely excited. This skill was good.

It couldn’t wait to kill a few ferocious beasts and turn them into undead to become its followers.

“Not bad… Eleven, you have to work hard too.” Shi Yu nodded heavily. Then, his gaze swept across Eleven and the others who had come to watch the commotion.

Eleven was stunned before nodding aggrievedly.

Was it the same? How could it be the same!

Chi Tong could possess the bone sword, but Eleven could only carry the magnetic metal for training. It was different!

Among the legendary resources Shi Yu had obtained, the soil of life was a standard strengthening resource. Its use was purely to strengthen the life force of plant-type life forms.

As for the legendary Dragon Ball, it was an evolution-type legendary resource, but it also had a strengthening nature.

The Cold Sky Drop was a legendary strengthening resource that could give new attributes.

As for the Aurora Magnetic Gold and the Bone Sword, apart from a certain strengthening effect, they both had the effect of awakening specific skills.

The magnetic metal was white lightning, and for the bone sword it was the revival of the dead.

Shi Yu originally thought that Eleven would awaken the White Thunder first because the rarity and control difficulty of the White Thunder was far inferior to the Undead Revival, nor was it as mysterious as the Undead Revival. However, he didn’t expect that Chi Tong would gain something first.

“Wu ~” “Yi!!” “Ning!” The other pets were envious. Could their legendary resources also drop skills?

“Ah.” At this moment, Ling’s little brain also moved. “After Baby Ginseng’s time mark is healed, let Chi Tong’s Bone Sword kill Baby Ginseng through the Revival of the Dead. Is there any hope of creating two Baby Ginsengs, one revived Baby Ginseng and one undead Baby Ginseng!”

Baby Ginseng: ???

“Yi!” Baby Ginseng took a step back and widened its eyes. Was this thing a demon?! The time mark wasn’t something to be abused like this!