Chapter 595 - All Overlords (4)

“Mi!!” Chi Tong was stunned, its eyes shining. If it had the undead ginseng baby as a puppet, wouldn’t it be first in the team competition!

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Cough, cough.” The corners of Shi Yu’s mouth twitched. “We’ll talk about it in the future. It’s entry level right now so it isn’t safe.”

Baby Ginseng: ???

So they really considered it?!

“Very good. In a few days, I’ll teach you another skill,” Shi Yu said.

Demon Blade Curse!

Shi Yu had already imagined how to use it.

When they encountered an overlord-level ferocious beast, they would first cripple it in a group battle. Then, Chi Tong would attack. Firstly, the first wave directly absorbed a large amount of “Ghost God Curse Power” as the energy for the Demon Blade Curse skill. Then, through the Revival of the Dead, it would transform its soul that was about to disappear into an undead life form!!

First, he would let the undead puppet work for him. When it had no use for him, he would let Chi Tong attack and shatter it. Through the “Spirit Release” skill, he would use its power as nutrients for the Spirit Release to increase his growth!

Perfect.

Chi Tong was still the most efficient one. If it encountered a ferocious beast, it could break it into several pieces to utilize!

Unlike Baby Ginseng, which exploded directly and couldn’t even pick up the materials on the enemy’s body.

“Mi!! ~ ~” Chi Tong continued to cheer.

At the same time, Shi Yu chuckled and felt that the future was beautiful.

In the past few days, he had also thought of something clearly. A way to have a few more overlord-level battle powers before the world competition!

As everyone knew, the increase in racial skills would lead to an increase in growth level. Therefore, if Shi Yu raised the pets’ super racial skills to above perfect level, they would accidentally break through to the overlord level. As they cultivated daily, holding back from leveling up was very difficult. If they weren’t careful, they would break through the space and make Shi Yu a cripple. Even if Shi Yu could withstand it, he would quickly be drained dry and become extremely weak, causing his subsequent cultivation and points to be delayed.

However, what if when their super racial skill proficiency approached perfect level, Shi Yu only leveled up their taught skills alone?

Taught skills resulted in less than a tenth of the growth level progress of racial skills. It was almost negligible.

Why was Lu Qingyi’s pet so strong? It was because its previous pets had all received special inheritances and mastered the perfect-level teaching skill Mythical Revival. This super skill taught skills and not racial skills. Even if it reached perfect-level, it didn’t lead the growth level of Senior Lu’s pet to the overlord level. Lu Qingyi herself wasn’t affected at all.

Therefore, if Shi Yu specialized in teaching skill points after Eleven and the others’ racial skills were unsuitable, he seemed to be able to achieve a similar effect…

For example, Eleven.

If it mastered the “transcendent Undying Golden Body” when it was at the monarch level, the limit of the injury and recovery ratio was close to one to one. Then, didn’t that mean that as long as the overlord-level creature couldn’t insta-kill it, it might not lose any hp even if it stood and let the overlord-level creature fight?

The Undying Golden Body was a taught skill. Even if it broke through to perfect level, it wouldn’t lead Eleven’s growth level to break through to overlord.

Similarly, Buggy’s spatial control, Baby Ginseng’s plant control, Chi Tong’s Demon Blade Curse, and Susu’s Heavenly Frost Cold Energy were not racial skills! Instead, they were taught skills! Even if it reached transcendent, apart from the loss of points, Shi Yu wouldn’t be too affected.

For Eleven and Susu, who had the will of overlords, the frequency of adding points to super skills could be completely controlled to one to two days. As for transcendent-level super skills, adding 48 points on the foundation of perfection was enough. They could complete one in less than two months.

There were still eight months until the world competition. It seemed like he could do it.

He wanted to increase the teaching of super skills before the World Tournament so that every pet had overlord-level battle power. He could give up the overlord level, but he could still have overlord-level battle power!

At that time, Buggy and the others would clearly only be at the monarch level, but once they attacked… it would be a “transcendent super skill” that even some totem-level creatures had yet to master!

It was like fighting a baby cup!

Of course, if the conditions allowed, it was best to still try to let a pet break through at a higher level. It was better to have a real overlord-level pet by his side. In terms of battle power, a beast with transcendent super skills and overlord level could probably crush top-notch overlords like the Sky Penetrating Whale in Dragon Palace City. An invincible overlord like the Tyrant Sea Legend, the Mutated Leviathan, could fight a totem as an overlord!

“Hey, hey, hey.”

As Shi Yu was sorting out the additional points plan, the traveling gem cat suddenly shouted in the outside world. The ruins space immediately trembled.

“We’re here, we’re here.”

Upon hearing the gem cat’s voice, Shi Yu was stunned. Then, he quickly evacuated Eleven and the others before coming out of the ruins space himself.

After he came out, he was directly in a forest. The gem cat yawned beside him and said, “This is Star Wilderness Island. The current location should be some forest. It’s already very close to the location marked on the map by the Space Emperor Ruins. In any case, it’s nearby. Look at the map and see where we go next.”

Shi Yu took out the map and the Space Pet Egg. He grunted and looked at the sky. “The vicinity should be the wild.”

“Yes! It’s very far from the few big cities on Star Sea Island. There aren’t even many Beast Tamers in the vicinity.”

“Let’s look around,” Shi Yu said. “According to the Void Mantis, it’s a very common small stone ruin exposed to the outside world…”

“Put the egg on it, and it will automatically activate the altar to slowly absorb the starlight.”

“But…”

So many years had passed. Shi Yu also suspected that the ruins left behind by the Space Emperor to attract starlight were still around.

The Space Emperor Dynasty had already died, let alone an altar. The possibility of it still existing was really not high.

If the altar had long been torn down, Shi Yu and the others would probably have to find another way to hatch this egg.

“The scenery is pretty good.” This forest should be on a mountain. Some weak Awakening-level creatures in the mountain were very active.

Splash ~

Splash ~

Moreover, all of them seemed to be quite fierce. When Shi Yu and the others passed by a lake, water splashed from inside, as if they didn’t want Shi Yu and the others to barge into their territory. A water-type pet suddenly jumped out and blocked in front of Shi Yu and the others.

Shi Yu yawned in boredom and said, “Teacher Cat, I’ll leave it to you.”

The gem cat: ???

“Is it appropriate for a totem level like me to bully a transcendent level? I can’t afford to embarrass myself like that” The gem cat was angry and didn’t even want to release its deterrence.

“Call your pet out yourself. I don’t care anymore. I’m going to rest next. You settle it yourself.” The gem cat turned and left.

“Uh, is that necessary?” Shi Yu muttered. However, at the same time, he felt that it was a waste of talent to let Susu and the others deal with a transcendent creature. It was better to give the other party a punch himself.

Shi Yu looked at the blue water-element creature that looked like a duck.

With a look, Shi Yu’s expression changed almost instantly.

He had already developed the good habit of letting the skill index scan any transcendent life form he encountered, in order to test the other party’s will level and whether it had a Mythical bloodline.

However, the good habit had been maintained for so long, and Shi Yu had never missed it.

But this time…

“Holy shit, another pet at the transcendent level that has mastered the overlord’s will. What’s going on?” Shi Yu was shocked. He looked at the blue duck in front of him. Susu was the reincarnation of the Blue Sea Sprite. It was fine if it had the overlord’s will.

Who was this transcendent-level Duckbill Beast that suddenly appeared!

“Quack…” The standing blue Duckbill Beast looked at Shi Yu and the others unkindly. It closed its hands and pulled them apart. A water spear condensed. After it swung in a posture, the spearhead was aimed at Shi Yu and the others, warning them not to come over!