Chapter 599 - Second Team'S Construction (1)

“Duck!!!”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

After turning into the Abyssal Demon Duck, the Duckbill Beast was a little stunned.

It felt a crazy battle awareness spread above.

It was very excited.

Its eyes gradually turned red as its own will resisted another will.

Fight! Fight! Fight!

The will and memories of the Abyss Demon Duck constantly corroded the Duckbill Beast, wanting it to defeat all the enemies in front of it.

The strong battle intent made the Duckbill Beast’s body heat up.

As for the Duckbill Beast’s will, it still maintained its calm and tried its best to fight the Abyss Demon Duck’s will.

It couldn’t let this happen!!!

It couldn’t fight!

They had more people! They couldn’t win!

It didn’t want to turn into duck soup!

Battle, battle, battle!!

No way!

The two wills kept resisting…

At this critical moment, a basin of cold water descended from the sky, instantly waking the Duckbill Beast up. It widened its round eyes and was a little stunned.

After summoning the Duckbill Beast back with the cleansing water, Baby Ginseng directly pressed its hand on the ground. In the next moment, it activated its plant control and the tough vines directly tied the Duckbill Beast tightly.

Eleven still felt that this was a little unsafe, so it directly pressed its hand on the ground. A black cage immediately formed on the ground, locking the Duckbill Beast inside.

In an instant, the Duckbill Beast became a caged duck.

In the cage, the Duckbill Beast looked around. (⊙_⊙)?

Wait a minute… What was going on…

“The Abyss Sea…”

“Demigod overlord…”

At this moment, Shi Yu, Eleven, Susu, and the others stared at the Duckbill Beast solemnly and cautiously.

As for the Duckbill Beast, it looked at Shi Yu and the others who were staring at it as if they were facing a great enemy. It felt like a duck was sitting at home and a pot was falling from the sky.

It didn’t even understand what was going on.

It was clearly this group of people who intruded into its territory. It just wanted to chase them away.

In the end, not only was it captured, but it was also repeatedly deceived!

At the start, the other party clearly said that he was a good person, but in the end, he immediately turned against him. How could this be!

“You… are the demigod overlord of the Abyss Sea, the Abyss Demon Duck!” Shi Yu said.

“Duck!!! (I’m not, I didn’t, what do you mean?)”

The Duckbill Beast struggled crazily, feeling that the strength and memories just now were a little strange.

Now, it was also a little afraid, because just now, its will had been swallowed.

It was about to become duck soup.

“It’s useless to deny it.” Shi Yu discussed with Eleven and the others how to deal with the Duckbill Beast.

As expected, it was better to make soup.

This made the Duckbill Beast in the cage beside him feel cold.

Then, anger surged.

These people were indeed not good people.

“Quack!! (30 years in a lake, thirty more years in the same lake! Do not disturb my peace!)” It let out its final roar.

Shi Yu and the others decisively ignored it. It was definitely impossible for them to just give it 30 years to grow.

At that time, who could stop him after becoming an abyss demigod?

Eh… 30 years… Why did it feel like Susu could even become a mythical?

“Abyssal Demon Duck…”

“Wait a minute…”

At this moment, Shi Yu and the others were investigating the information about the Western Abyss Sea.

Suddenly, Ling spoke quickly.

Abyss Sea.

This was a super ocean faction that had been passed down in the Mythical Era, just like Dragon Palace City. However, it was an enemy faction.

Moreover, it was a big villain that had been destroyed many times but couldn’t be completely destroyed.

Although the Abyss Sea was destroyed by the Blue Sea Sprite from time to time, the inheritance of the Abyss Sea had never been severed.

Every once in a while, a new demigod overlord would be born in the Abyss Sea.

Therefore, there were also many demigod overlords in the Abyss Sea, just like the Dragon God of Dragon Palace City.

Just now, Shi Yu and the others were searching for information about the Abyss Sea through the first index.

The first index recorded information about totems all over the world, both ancient and modern. Even information about some totems in ancient times was recorded.

Among them, there were four demigod overlords of the Abyss Sea recorded in the first index. They corresponded to different periods, and the earliest could be traced back to hundreds of thousands of years ago.

To Shi Yu and the others’ surprise, the Abyss Demon Duck happened to be in the record.

“Abyss Demon Duck, one of the rulers of the Abyss Sea. It’s also the strangest ruler…” Ling said quickly.

“According to the investigation, the revived Abyss Sea was destroyed by the Blue Sea Sprite every time…”

“But the Abyss Demon Duck was… not destroyed by the Blue Sea Sprite when it was the overlord.”

“It’s said that at the start, the Abyss Demon Duck was just an ordinary Duckbill Beast. Because it wanted to become stronger, it resolutely threw itself into the darkness. While all water-element creatures couldn’t avoid the pollution of the revival of the Abyss Sea and were afraid that they would be infected and become irrational monsters, it took the initiative to come into contact with pollution and radiation, obtaining the power of the Abyss Sea Evil God and completing its mutation.”

“Moreover, for some reason, it didn’t completely fall into madness and lose its mind. Instead, it perfectly controlled this power. However, it didn’t leave the Abyss Sea because of this. Instead, it used this power to begin a crazy battle to train itself. In the end, it only took less than a hundred years to become a demigod overlord and the demon that unified the Abyss Sea…”

“It became the strongest totem in the ocean at that time, the fully deserving title of the king of ocean totems.”

“Then, there was a problem… Generally speaking, the final goal of the Abyss Sea is to pollute the entire ocean and make the entire ocean become the territory of the Abyss Sea. However, because when the Abyss Demon Duck was in power, the reincarnation of the Blue Sea Sprite had yet to grow into a demigod. Before the Blue Sea Sprite appeared, the Abyss Demon Duck made its subordinates stop expanding. It felt that it was too easy to conquer the sea when people were defenseless. It wanted to wait for the Blue Sea Sprite. According to the rumors, compared to conquering, it preferred to fight and enjoyed fighting experts more. It was willing to wait for the Blue Sea Sprite to appear again.”