Chapter 598 - This Duck Is Not Simple (3)

It lacked training.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“In some aspects, it still needs to be improved…” Ling said.

The few of them ignored the Tyrant Dragon. Next, Shi Yu brought Eleven and the others to observe the Duckbill Beast on the ground.

They surrounded it.

“Wu ~” Buggy shook its head. It had just entered the Duckbill Beast’s dream to take a look.

This Duckbill Beast was ordinary, and its experience was also very ordinary.

It was just that he was a little genius. After it was born, the proficiency of various skills and battle skills increased very quickly. That was all.

If it was experience, it was challenging various transcendent creatures along the way and becoming a tyrant in the mountains and lakes. It was a very ordinary experience. Such pets were definitely common on Blue Planet.

It really didn’t look like it could have the will of an overlord.

After all, that was only a lake overlord, and this mountain didn’t have any creatures stronger than commander rank!!

If it could have the will of an overlord even like this, there was no reason why it, Buggy, couldn’t.

“Yi…” Baby Ginseng let Buggy know that it was still the overlord of the lake after all. How could it be the same?

Buggy: !

How bold!

“The more ordinary it is, the more ordinary its experience is. This means that it was more affected by its previous life. It’s most likely totem reincarnation.”

“However, what I’m curious about now is whether its previous life was an ordinary totem or a top-notch totem?” Shi Yu touched his chin.

“Baby Ginseng.”

“Yi!”

As Baby Ginseng waved its hand in front of the Duckbill Beast’s nose, the unconscious Duckbill Beast instantly perked up. Its tail fluttered, and its eyes opened shakily.

After opening his eyes, he felt that his surroundings were dark.

It looked up and suddenly realized that pairs of eyes were looking down at it.

“You’re awake,” Shi Yu said.

Duckbill Beast:!!!

“Quack!!!” The Duckbill Beast was shocked and jumped up, but Eleven pressed its hand down.

“Wuu!! (Don’t move.)” Eleven said.

The huge strength made the Duckbill Beast swallow crazily and become a drooling duck. However, it still erupted with power that exceeded its limit and resisted.

However, it was useless.

It revealed a tragic expression and decided to fight to the death.

At this moment, Shi Yu said, “Don’t be excited, don’t be nervous. We’re good people. I just feel that it’s a waste of your talent to stay on this small mountain with your aptitude.”

Duckbill Beast: “?”

“Are you interested in coming with us to see the outside world, a wider world?”

“With your aptitude, I believe you can quickly choose an overlord, suppress totems, and dominate the world.”

Shi Yu activated telepathy and comforted the duck first.

“The heavens gave birth to you for a reason!”

“A duck is not a creature in a pool. It transforms into a dragon when it encounters a storm! A cold light arrives first, and then, like a spear, you shoot out like a dragon!”

The Duckbill Beast opened its mouth slightly again. Although it couldn’t understand a little, it felt that it was awesome. Its DNA seemed to have moved.

“Yi!!”

At this moment, Baby Ginseng took out a fruit and started babbling.

Let Shi Yu try this.

It used Susu’s memory water to water the Time Fruit that was specially cultivated. It was a powerful product named “Reincarnation Fruit”.

There was hope that the reincarnated pet could temporarily activate the power of its previous life, and it was considered the sister fruit of the Soul Heart Fruit.

This was indeed useful.

Especially for those reincarnated pets.

In Shi Yu’s team, Susu was the only one that had any effect after using it.

However, although it had tasted it, Susu still judged it to be useless.

Because the Reincarnation Fruit was limited by Baby Ginseng and Susu’s strength, its strength was limited. At most, it could make the pet recall the power of its previous life.

As for Susu, it had reincarnated countless times in the past thousand years. The number of reincarnations was almost countless. Moreover, the power of its reincarnation recently was pitifully weak. There was really no value in recalling it.

Using this thing, Susu only recalled its power as a “water elemental sprite” in its previous life. And that power, while not absolutely useless, could still be said to be very useless.

But from the looks of it, Baby Ginseng still didn’t seem to have given up on the “Reincarnation Fruit” it was researching. It wanted to try using this duckbill beast that was suspected to be a totem reincarnation.

“Yi!!! (Not every pet can reincarnate infinitely like Susu.)”

Baby Ginseng was decisive. Perhaps this Duck-billed Beast’s previous life was a totem. With this Reincarnation Fruit, it could directly determine its identity!!

“Quack?” The Duckbill Beast looked at the mumbling Baby Ginseng, Shi Yu, and the others in confusion.

“Then… give it a try?” In the next moment, as Shi Yu finished speaking, Baby Ginseng nodded heavily and looked at the Duckbill Beast.

Duckbill Beast: “?”

“Yi!! (This is delicious.)” Baby Ginseng shook the fruit and said to the Duckbill Beast.

The Duckbill Beast took a step back and rejected it very much.

As if it would believe this. This group of people was very bad.

This… was definitely not a good thing.

“Yi!! (Eat, eat, eat.)” Baby Ginseng was angry. It directly used the sweet aura skill to give the Reincarnation Fruit’s water-element creature its favorite aura and threw it into the air.

In the next moment, its aura flowed, and the Duckbill Beast’s pupils constricted.

“Quack!!!” The Duckbill Beast leaped up and swallowed the fruit into the duck’s mouth.

Duckbill Beast: (*⊙~⊙) Burp.

Gulp.

The fruit was swallowed by the Duckbill Beast. Then, its expression changed. A dark power and a black water-like mist suddenly spread from its blue body.

This black mist was like the light of evolution, directly enlarging the body of the Duckbill Beast!!

Seeing this, Shi Yu was stunned.

“Damn, it really works.”

This scene stunned Shi Yu and the others. They retreated in unison, leaving some space for the Duckbill Beast.

Buzz!!!

One meter, two meters, three meters… five meters…

The Duckbill Beast’s body began to become fat. Its blue skin began to be covered in black, leaving only a portion of dark blue patterns.

The most conspicuous thing was its neck. The black water froze like a ribbon, becoming a scarf-like part that floated behind it.

In just a short instant, the image of the Duckbill Beast changed completely.

It directly turned from the seemingly silly blue Duckbill Beast to the extremely handsome Dark Duckbill Beast, like a demonic beast.

Its strength level also temporarily increased crazily to the monarch level because of the Reincarnation Fruit.

A moment later, the Duckbill Beast opened its deep red eyes.

Although the fragment-like power memory and identity memory were already blurry, it still made it remember something.

“Quack… (I am of the Abyss Sea, demigod overlord, Duck God, Abyss Demon Duck!!)”

Boom!

A terrifying abyssal magic power erupted from the Duck-billed Beast’s body. Even Eleven and the others’ expressions changed slightly. So strong!!

But wait… What did it just say?

Deep… Abyss Sea!!

Shi Yu and Susu: ???!!

Damn, what the f*ck?!!

Wasn’t that the greatest enemy of the Blue Sea Sprite!!

“What the hell? As expected, it’s better to stew soup! This duck can’t be left alive.”

Abyss Demon Duck: “?”