Chapter 590 - Shocking The Seven Islands (4)

As Shi Yu approached, the atmosphere on the sky ship had already frozen to the extreme.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Many gazes were waiting for Shi Yu to enter the battle area.

“Why…” At this moment, there was a strange phenomenon. Ever since Shi Yu recalled his ice-element pet to rest in the last battle, he had never continued to summon new pets. Be it the other pets or the ice-element pet just now, he didn’t summon them again.

From the beginning to the end, Shi Yu was climbing to the peak alone.

They were about to approach the battle area. The Heavenly Cloud Tiger was not far away, but Shi Yu still did not summon his pet.

On the other side, the Heavenly Cloud Tiger’s deterrence gaze locked onto the little ant not far away. It was also very strange.

“No matter what, he definitely can’t pass this level!”

The Beast Tamers of the seven islands were extremely determined this time.

Then, they saw Shi Yu’s footsteps suddenly stop before he entered the battle area. His gaze faced the huge tiger opposite him!!

“Human brat, come at me!!!” The Heavenly Cloud Tiger roared and looked at the Beast Tamer of Dong Huang in front of it mockingly.

“Who gave you the illusion that we haven’t entered the battle area?” Shi Yu grinned.

Then, Shi Yu stepped into the battle area with a firm gaze. In the next moment, the pupils of the Heavenly Cloud Tiger constricted, and its expression changed drastically!!

….

Before challenging the champion, Shi Yu looked at Susu in front of him and said, “Even if we erupt with all our strength through the Time Fruit and fight head-on, we won’t be a match for overlord-level creatures. Therefore, it’s very difficult to pass the tenth level.”

“Ning!!” Susu felt wronged. What should it do?

Eleven couldn’t appear either.

If it couldn’t, it felt that Sister Chi Tong was also hard pressed!

“However, it’s not impossible. We can bet once.”

“Do you remember that even if Baby Ginseng self-destructed, it would be very difficult to blow up the Earth Demon Ape that resisted with all its might. It would only blow it to half to death.”

Susu nodded.

“Your attack power is definitely much worse than Baby Ginseng’s self-destruction.”

“However, it’s worth mentioning that Baby Ginseng’s other target was destroyed. There was nothing left. Do you know why?”

“Ning!!”

Because Baby Ginseng had run into the other party’s mouth, and the other party was not prepared at all, unlike the Earth Demon Ape. It was far away and even used various skills to be heavily guarded!

“Yes, so the only way we can pass the tenth level this time is to let the other party attack from the other party’s weakest point without any defense. Moreover, the premise is that the other party isn’t a difficult elemental or undead life form…”

“It’s not spatial either…”

Susu nodded and suddenly understood Shi Yu’s strategy!!

“We want to enter the other party’s body to attack!”

“Baby Ginseng entered the other party’s mouth because the other party took the initiative to eat it.”

“And if you want to enter the other party’s body, you can only take the initiative to enter, and you can’t let the enemy discover you.”

“As long as you enter the battle area, the challenge of the path of the champion is a field battle. There’s no need to talk about virtue. Do you know what your greatest advantage is compared to Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, and Chi Tong?”

“You’re an elemental creature. You can elementalize in any form of water and ice elements. You’re not easy to detect. You can break down your body into very small pieces and become one with nature.”

“Apart from that, your multiplication skill is the only one in the team who has reached Dao Proficiency.”

“Eleven can erupt with power that exceeds the limit through the Giant Transformation. You can too. Of course, the key to this battle is not the Giant Transformation, but the shrinking in the multiplication. The shrinking of the Dao Proficiency!!”

“This, only you can master it, and the shrinking of Dao Proficiency can make you even smaller than the smallest unit even more than after Ling breaks down into the smallest unit!! So small that it’s even smaller than the unit of natural energy floating in the air.”

“In this state, using the Time Fruit to seal the power and hide your aura is the best opportunity to enter the enemy’s body!”

“As long as you enter the enemy’s body and instantly activate all your strength, the enemy will definitely be unable to resist. Even an overlord will find it difficult to resist the power erupting from the body.”

“Moreover, you have the Heavenly Frost Cold Energy. It can make the enemy unable to react immediately and assist you in completing the attack! 0.1 seconds is sometimes enough to determine the winner.”

“!!!” Susu widened its eyes. Was this alright? Wasn’t this too sinister?

“If there’s a skill, why not use it?” Shi Yu took a deep breath and said, “Of course, there’s definitely some risk. I heard that overlord-level creatures can sense danger. If the other party’s mental strength is stronger and can predict danger, it’s still very difficult… Therefore, right now we have to experiment with Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, and Chi Tong to see if they can detect it. Then, we can try with the totem-level cat teacher. If even it finds it difficult to detect, it’s definitely more stable!!”

“Oh, in the end, I’ll use its clone to test this power. It won’t be good to kill the seven island overlords. Not everyone has Eleven’s physique.”

For example, the cat was already at the totem level, but it wasn’t as sturdy as the monarch-level Eleven.

…Who said that the path of the champion still had to be fought head-on?

He could still do a frontal assassination!

Tactics.