Chapter 600 - Second Team'S Construction (2)

“However, the Abyss Demon Duck didn’t seem to be able to stay idle, so it turned around and aimed at the land… It planned to expand the land into the sea before conquering the sea and complete a greater goal. At the same time, it could challenge more experts.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“In the end, the Abyss Sea and the Abyss Demon Duck were destroyed by the land forces.”

“It’s said that because they left the ocean home ground, their battle power on land was greatly reduced. The Abyss Demon Duck didn’t want to give up no matter what, and in the end, it was wiped out.”

Shi Yu and Susu: …

The pets: …

F*ck, was this Abyss Demon Duck stupid?

Even overlord-level pets knew that they had to fight on their home ground. What was the point of expanding the ocean to conquer the land before managing to conquer the ocean?

“What’s your dream?”

Shi Yu and the others were in an encrypted conversation just now, so the Duckbill Beast couldn’t understand. As he was too curious about the duck, Shi Yu suddenly turned around and looked at the aggrieved Duckbill Beast, wanting to confirm again.

“Quack!! (I didn’t expect that I would die before I could turn the land into an ocean.)” The duck was angry.

The reason why it was so alert to Shi Yu and the others approaching its lake was because it had a greater dream!

Expand the entire land into his territory!

Its territorial awareness was not ordinary.

Shi Yu : “…”

Damn, it was definitely the reincarnation of the Abyssal Demon Duck. There was no escape.

The Abyssal Demon Duck probably didn’t really die when it came to fight on land. Instead, it was lucky to escape from the demigod on land. However, it was already on the verge of death and could only be forced to reincarnate.

Then, it reincarnated into the seven islands… and became a Duckbill Beast?

However, the dream of the Duckbill Beast felt a little familiar.

Wait a minute, did that mechanical Tyrant Dragon also want to expand the land and conquer the sea, turning everything into the earth and becoming the overlord of the earth?

Shi Yu completely didn’t expect that the dignified Abyss Sea demigod overlord was actually at the same intelligence level as the basic intelligence mechanical Tyrant Dragon.

Shi Yu pulled Eleven and the others around to discuss again.

“What do you think?”

“Although the Abyss Demon Duck is the only recorded Abyss Lord that hasn’t fallen into madness, this only means that its threat is greater…” Ling analyzed.

It was a battle maniac who also coveted land. This threat was clearly greater than other abyss demigods.

If it awakened the power and memories of its previous life, be it the sea or the land, it would probably be in chaos again…

“Wuu. (I’m not eating.)” After Ling finished analyzing, Eleven expressed that it didn’t like to eat ducks.

Apart from Baby Ginseng, the only “life form” that had ever moved Eleven’s heart, none had ever appeared.

Buggy and Baby Ginseng also shook their heads, indicating that they didn’t like to eat ducks.

“Mi! (Why don’t we cut it?)” Chi Tong requested to fight. This way, not only could it freeload the Abyssal Demon Duck’s undead puppet, but its body could also be kept to stew soup. One duck was more useful like that.

“Ning!!!” Susu hurriedly shook Chi Tong to stop it from being rash.

“Ning…” Susu looked at Shi Yu and felt that Duckie didn’t deserve to die.

Although it was also shocked at the start, wouldn’t it be bad to use its identity in its previous life to veto a life that had yet to do anything wrong?

“Yes.” Susu’s words made Shi Yu nod.

After he calmed down, Susu’s point of view was most in line with his thoughts.

“Ning!” Susu immediately said.

Why not let it try to cleanse the Abyss Duck God into a good duck?

At that time, when the Abyss Sea made a comeback, it would let Duck Duck accept the inheritance of the Abyss Sea and continue to be the overlord of the Abyss Sea. It and Duck would cooperate from the inside and out. Perhaps it could cut off the Abyss Sea from the “origin”!

“Mm.” The corners of Shi Yu’s mouth twitched.

He kept feeling that he had come to look for the Space Emperor Ruins, but in the end, things developed in a baffling direction.

He turned around and looked at the Duckbill Beast that was biting the vine.

After thinking about it, Shi Yu said, “The Duckbill Beast is the overlord of the Abyss Sea. It’s also something from my previous life.”

“We’ve also seen its memory experience just now. From its birth until now, it hasn’t even attacked a human. In other words, it’s still a good duck now.”

“It’s indeed a little immoral to directly kill the current it according to its identity in its previous life. After all, from the looks of it, it’s completely different from the Abyssal Demon Duck.”

“Ning!!” Susu agreed very much. As a reincarnation, it also didn’t like its companions to treat it as a Blue Sea Sprite. It was also different from the Blue Sea Sprite. It wanted to be a Star Sea Sprite…!

“Let’s do as Susu says. We’ll just take good care of it. It’s a pity to directly stew a duck with overlord potential,” Shi Yu said.

“Do you want to contract it?!” Ling asked.

“No contract, no points. Let’s raise it together with the mechanical Tyrant Dragon later!” Shi Yu said.

Although the Duckbill Beast wasn’t equivalent to the Abyss Demon Duck now, raising it was still a little risky.

Be it contracts or points, there were risks.

If the Duckbill Beast became stronger too quickly, it would easily cause too much damage when it suddenly recovered its memories from its previous life.

As for the contract… Shi Yu couldn’t guarantee that the reincarnation of an abyss demigod didn’t master any methods to counterattack Beast Tamers.

It was also the least risky to raise it in the ruins space. This way, the Duckbill Beast could be monitored by them at any time. There was no possibility of its will being occupied by the Abyss Demon Duck. Moreover, because it controlled the speed of becoming stronger, even if the duck’s will was occupied by their previous life, they could immediately solve it.

“Just like the Void Mantis of the Space Emperor, nurture it as the second team!” Shi Yu said. “It’s probably not difficult to rely on its original potential to grow quickly.”