Chapter 305 - Hell’S Difficulty Test (2)

Chapter 305 Hell’s Difficulty Test (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Roar!!!! (How is this possible!)”

Sensing the racial and ability suppression from Eleven, the Primordial Thunder Dragon widened its eyes. It actually felt that this guy’s race was even more perfect than its own.

“Grab it!”

Under Shi Yu’s command, Eleven stretched out its huge hand wrapped in lightning. At this moment, the tiny one was the immemorial thunder dragon that had yet to grow. In the face of Eleven’s palm, the Primordial Lightning Dragon directly growled. Black lightning in the form of dragons erupted from its body, turning into a group of dragons that bit at Eleven.

Skill: Black Dragon Lightning

< Introduction > It’s a super thunder-element, dragon-element skill, special lightning.

Under the enhancement of the Primeval Thunder Soul, the destructive power of the extremely terrifying and violent Black Dragon Lightning reached the extreme. However, the moment the black tide approached Eleven’s black hardening palm, the lightning power on the lightning dragon lightning seemed to have been swallowed by a black hole, leaving only the dragon-shaped energy weakly crushed by the huge hand!

Dao Proficiency Storage Lightning, Lightning Star!

Moreover, the absorbed lightning directly made Eleven’s aura increase again, and black air waves emitted from its body. With a boom, Eleven’s deterrence erupted with all its might. The huge deterrence enveloped the body of the Primordial Thunder Dragon like the sky collapsing. Compared to the deterrence of Eleven’s Dao Proficiency with its perfect-level dragon might, the aura of the two parties was simply like the difference between heaven and earth. In an instant, the Primordial Thunder Dragon showed an expression of disbelief. Its entire body seemed to have fallen into the Thunder Abyss, and its body was pinched in Eleven’s hand!!

Seeing this scene, the little white dragon was the first to open its mouth wide with a shocked expression.

Holy shit…

In that Dragon Palace City, the Second Prince, who was a little bit stronger than it, was directly controlled by the opponent?? “Holy shit.” At that moment, Yu Shu and the others were also shocked. Seeing that the Second Prince of Dragon Palace City was restrained by Shi Yu’s Iron-eating Beast in a single exchange, they widened their eyes!

Although they had enough confidence in the abnormal Shi Yu, this was too easy.

The other party was the monarch-level son of a totem divine dragon!!

It was an existence that stood at the top of all races.

This guy, an Iron-eating Beast, evolved into this form and pinched it just like that? Next, was it going to tear apart the dragon with its bare hands?

“Roar!!!”

After controlling the Primordial Thunder Dragon, Eleven was actually already confident of victory, because at this moment, the distorted Primordial Thunder Dragon not only realized that the dragon power it was proud of was actually suppressed by this monster, but even the powerful lightning that erupted disappeared the moment it touched the other party and was swallowed by the other party!

How could it be such a ridiculous thing? It roared and struggled, unable to understand!

“Roar!!! (You’re a f*cking Mythical Race, right!!)”

The Second Prince of Dragon Palace City shouted at Eleven, its mentality breaking down.

At that moment, the Sea Dragon King, the Turtle Prime Minister, and the many sea overlords watched the outcome of this battle in shock. They never expected that this “Dragon Palace City’s Minister of Environment” was also so powerful!

Was this Iron-eating Beast… a monster?!

In an instant.

Many monarch-level sea beasts also had drastic changes in their expressions along with the Primordial Thunder Dragon. Wait, wait, wait, f*ck, how could there be such an examiner? It immediately restrained the strongest monarch of the monarch group in Dragon Palace City. How could they take the test? Was this a test that they really wanted to pass?? Not good!!