Chapter 302 - Shocking Dragon Palace City (4)

Chapter 302 Shocking Dragon Palace City (4)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

For example, although the Turtle Minister was only at the monarch level, at its peak, its energy value exceeded ten million. It was very terrifying It was all battle experience!

Of course, Shi Yu did not do this purely to test the battle power of these sea beasts. He even wanted to use this opportunity to screen a batch of low-level pets with the will of an overlord and join the Environmental Protection Department to become the strongest team for Susu in the future.

“Roar…”

As Shi Yu finished speaking, countless sea beasts looked at the Iron-eating Beast, Little Butterfly, Baby Ginseng, and even the Water Slime in confusion.

They thought that the test would be very difficult.

In the end, they just had to fight them??

In fact, he didn’t even ask for a definite win?

Holy shit, this badge was indeed a free gift. If they won, would they become a core member and be able to get the Time Fruit!

Shi Yu was a master-level Beast Tamer. How strong could his pets be?

Of course, there were also people who were tactful. For example, when the little white dragon saw Shi Yu letting Eleven and the others be examiners, its expression immediately darkened.

Damn, it, the most talented handsome dragon in Dragon Palace City, was insta-killed by them in one move. Could ordinary sea beasts pass this test?

Fortunately, it could directly become a core member through the back door using its father!

Now, as Shi Yu mentioned the benefits and entry conditions of the Environmental Protection Department, the atmosphere of the Dragon Palace banquet instantly reached a climax!

Countless overlord sea beasts took the lead to say, “Hahaha, I have a responsibility to protect the sea. I’ll join this Environmental Protection Department!”

“Me too.”

“Brother Sponge, Brother Octopus, what do you think?”

“Joining!”

“I, the Black Flood Dragon overlord, also want to join.”

There was even less of a need to talk about the generals like the Sky Penetrating Whale that Shi Yu was familiar with. They all wanted to sign up for themselves. If they did, there would be fruits. It would be a waste not to join. Even the Turtle Minister was winking at the Sea Dragon King Could it join too?

The Sea Dragon King’s face was pitch-black. Good lord.

Ice Dragon was overjoyed. Damn, damn, so many underlings. Hahahaha. However, the Time Fruit indeed had this attraction, and Ice Dragon was not surprised. Shi Yu had already confirmed with Ice Dragon that Emperor Shi had indeed mastered the ability of the Time Fruit as well! In short, now that the overlord sea beasts were all like this, the monarch sea beasts and commander sea beasts were obviously excited as well. They looked at Eleven and the others with burning and battle intent.

At this moment, the Dragon Palace banquet… was completely in chaos.

Heavenly King Zou, who had just obtained the recognition of the Black Flood Dragon overlord and was entrusted with its son, looked at the Black Flood Dragon overlord who took the initiative to join the Environmental Protection Department with a confused expression. Yu Shu, Yin Zhengfan, and the others shook their heads and lost their ability to think!

This was recruitment?? Was Shi Yu sure this wasn’t taking over Dragon Palace City??

Even a totem-level dragon king didn’t have as many overlord-level minions as him!! “Tyrannical Sea Legend… Then do we still join… Don’t tell me we also have to pass Shi Yu’s test…” Yu Shu cried.

They clearly came to accept the test of the overlord-level sea beast. Why did it become accepting Shi Yu’s test now?

Moreover, the key was that they also really wanted the badge and the fruit! Tyrannical Sea Legend was silent and didn’t answer.

He was thinking about how he should tell the people from the association about the mess at the Dragon Palace banquet.

After leading the team for so many years, this was the first time he had seen such a situation… He was very tired.

He felt that the current Shi Yu was even more “first bureau” than the people of first bureau!

Therefore, shouldn’t Dong Huang also set up a 14th Bureau of Environmental Protection Bureau for Shi Yu to be the director? If the battle power of this bureau was included in the Ocean Environmental Protection Department, its battle power would probably be at the top of the dozen or so departments in Dong Huang…