Chapter 301 - 1 Shocking Dragon Palace City (3)

Chapter 301 Shocking Dragon Palace City (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

If it could give birth to a nest of overlord cubs, it would be invincible!

Even if they didn’t want to have children, who didn’t want to have a chance to return to the

peak?

“I want to join the Environmental Protection Department!!”

“Count me in!!”

“It’s not too much for me to be a core member at the overlord level!” Countless monarchs and even overlords started to shout, making Heavenly King Zou and the others’ values collapse.

What was going on!!

Where did Shi Yu find this thing!!!

It was too sick!!

The young people in the human area were all shocked. Even the Tyrannical Sea Legend took a deep breath. He suddenly felt that it was a little ridiculous for Shi Yu to use this thing as a reward.

“Of course, everyone, there’s no need to be too excited. The level of this Miracle Fruit isn’t high. It can only have an effect on life forms below the monarch level. If it’s consumed at a higher level, the price will be very high, very high, and even death. Moreover, the time effect is very short.” Shi Yu saw the enthusiastic response of so many sea beasts and felt a little embarrassed. He smiled bitterly.

As soon as he finished speaking, the smiles of the overlord-level creatures instantly stopped.

The Sea Dragon King knew that there was definitely a limit to this kind of thing. Otherwise, it would go crazy and couldn’t help but want a few.

At this moment, Shi Yu snapped his fingers. Beside him, the Turtle Prime Minister and the mermaid gradually recovered. The duration was very short, but this way, with no battle consumption, the burden on them was much smaller.

After recovering, the Turtle Prime Minister looked at Shi Yu with a fawning expression. Even if it was temporary, it still wanted it a little. It didn’t have a child.

At the side, Yin Xinyu recalled her beautiful posture just now and looked at Shi Yu in admiration. She was even more determined to join the Environmental Protection Department.

At this moment, Shi Yu added, “However, although the Miracle Fruit has restrictions, it’s also special. Its greatest characteristic is its growth ability. Its level effect will become stronger and stronger with time. Perhaps it’s only effective for monarchs now, but in special places with abundant time power, putting this fruit in there and letting the different time zone pass… It might be effective for overlords in a few decades!”

“Roar??!!!”

At this moment, the originally lost overlords were pleasantly surprised. The mood of the overlord creatures changed from low to high and returned to an excited state. This was great!

No, or it could be said that even if they paid the price of death to exchange for battle power at their peak when they were weak, it wasn’t bad. Even if they didn’t use it, as long as they had it… It was a deterrent against the enemy.

Countless sea beasts coveted the Time Fruit!

This thing… had to be made.

“Of course, the greatest flaw of this Time Fruit is that the number is limited. It’s a nonrenewable resource. I also obtained it accidentally from the ruins.”

“So, maybe only the senior members of the Environmental Protection Department can get it. If they join too late, they probably won’t.”

Shi Yu smiled and said, “Alright, I’ve finished talking about the benefits of the Ministry of Environment.”

“Next, everyone, welcome to join.”

“If you’re an overlord senior and want to join the Environmental Protection Department, you can directly become a core member. There’s no specific duty. You just have to register. You just have to take action when the Environmental Protection Department encounters some unsolvable difficulties.”

“Similarly, the Ministry of Environmental Protection will immediately distribute a time fruit to you.”

Countless overlords widened their eyes. There was such a good thing?

What was the difference between this and giving away the badge for free just now? “Of course, if you’re at the monarch, commander, or transcendent level, you probably won’t be able to. Even if you become an ordinary member, you have to undergo some tests.”

“The goal of the Ministry of Environment is to only recruit elites!!!”

“After all, the number of badges and fruits is really limited. I have to screen the members.”

As soon as he finished speaking, countless monarchs and commanders became nervous, afraid that they weren’t qualified.

In the next moment.

Shi Yu chuckled.

A huge blue array appeared in mid-air and under his feet.

Then, five pets condensed in the blue array.

Seeing this scene, many knowledgeable sea beasts were stunned.

“Blue summoning array, master-level Beast Tamer.”

“Minister Shi Yu… is only a master-level Beast Tamer?”

This strength was already not weak in Dong Huang’s eyes.

But in this Dragon Palace banquet where elites gathered, it was indeed not enough.

After all, the minimum requirement for participating in the Dragon Palace banquet was also a monarch faction.

However, since Shi Yu had already taken out such impressive resources, they didn’t care about Shi Yu’s strength. As long as there was milk, it was the mother!

A moment later, five pets appeared in the air. Eleven, who was more than a meter tall, crossed its arms and looked down with an invincible expression.

The huge Butterfly of Imagination flew behind Shi Yu and looked at the pile of sea beasts with a burning gaze.

Baby Ginseng’s Leaf Wings spread out and stood high in the sky. Who said it couldn’t fly!

There was also the red sword spirit Little Chi Tong, who was dancing in the air, and Susu, who had just joined the team. All the members instantly appeared beside Shi Yu. “The content of the test is also very simple.”

“Monarch level, you need to fight the Iron-eating Beast I contracted. It’s also monarch level, your examiner.” “Below commander rank, I need you to complete the test under one of my commander rank pets, the Butterfly of Imagination, Baby Ginseng, Sword Spirit, and Water Slime.” “You can choose examiners freely.”

Shi Yu smiled. He didn’t plan to miss this opportunity to train Eleven and the others. There were too many powerful pets in Dragon Palace City.