Chapter 304 - Hell’S Difficulty Test (1)

Chapter 304 Hell’s Difficulty Test (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

However, when he saw that this guy had lightning, Shi Yu was immediately amused.

With the Dao Proficiency storage lightning and the super lightning rod, this guy was basically equivalent to a free charging treasure.

In addition to the high proficiency explosiveness, the other party might not be able to last one round against Eleven!

However, even if the other party wasn’t a thunder-type, it wasn’t that easy for the enemy to win. After all, he was already determined to not be able to afford losing. He had made sufficient preparations.

“Then Your Highness, we won’t be polite either.” Shi Yu said.

[No need to be polite. Beat him up fiercely. If you win, I’ll give you a good thing.]

The Sea Dragon King said telepathically. However, it didn’t know if Shi Yu could do it.

Shi Yu had a strange expression and coughed dryly.

Was this alright…

“Polite? Just treat it as a normal assessment!” The Primordial Lightning Dragon said proudly. At the same time, shocking lightning shot out of its white hair.

Boom!!!

Almost instantly, its entire body was covered in endless white lightning, dazzling and domineering. Skill: Primeval Thunder Soul < Introduction > It’s a super thunder-element skill. Summon the Primeval Thunder Soul Possession. During the existence of the Thunder Soul, it can increase the user’s strength, speed, lightning strength, and battle will. At the same time, the body is protected by lightning. It can cause strong lightning damage to the enemy who comes into contact with it!

Although it was confident that it could defeat the little guy opposite, the Primordial Thunder Dragon still activated the super skill Possession at the start.

“You guys attack first.”

In the state of the Thunder Soul, the Primordial Thunder Dragon’s eyes seemed to contain lightning. It looked at the tiny Iron-eating Beast in mid-air and said.

“Then we’ll attack first.”

Shi Yu said indifferently.

At the same time, Fan Yu, Yun Shu, and the others in the human area started discussing. “Shi Yu’s Iron-eating Beast should have broken through to the monarch level.”

“However, the opponent is a super dragon species like the Primordial Thunder Dragon. Can it really be done…”

“This Primordial Thunder Dragon… feels like it’s not weaker than President Gao’s Ultimate Sacred Dragon Beast at all…” Yin Zhengfan said after a moment of silence.

“Believe them,” White Brook said. In her opinion, Eleven could defeat a monarch at the commander rank. Now that it was a monarch rank was fighting a monarch rank, it shouldn’t be a problem.

“It definitely can. I remember this guy…” Yu Shu was silent. He remembered that this guy was immune to lightning when facing that foreign guy’s lightning unicorn, right??

He wanted to know if Eleven was still immune to the Primordial Thunder Dragon’s dragon lightning “Can he win? Generally speaking… it’s unlikely. Even that Lu Qingyi definitely can’t defeat this lightning dragon at the master level.” Heavenly King Zou narrowed his eyes. With his strength, defeating this Primordial Lightning Dragon was naturally easy. However, Shi Yu was only an ordinary master at the moment. Moreover, he didn’t have any strengthening talent. Heavenly King Zou really wanted to know Shi Yu’s true strength!

“The battle between the Second Prince of Dragon Palace City and the human genius recognized by the four Dragon Kings?” “That creature should be an Iron-eating Beast, right? Why do I remember that this creature is a transcendent race? Did I remember wrongly?”

Many ocean overlords discussed when they saw the situation in front of them.

To be honest, under the same level and talent, human Beast Tamers were definitely stronger. This was because they had contracted many pets and had the Beast Taming Talent. The advantage was that transcendent creatures who fought alone couldn’t compare to them. But now, it was clearly 1VS1. Moreover, the pets Shi Yu sent made these ocean overlords very puzzled.

Iron-eating beast…

There were even some overlords who didn’t know about iron-eating beasts at all. After all, the sea and land were very far apart.

Therefore, they didn’t even know about the Iron-eating Beast, let alone that the Iron-eating Beast had already been researched and evolved in Dong Huang…

“Eleven!”

At this moment, Shi Yu didn’t stand on ceremony and directly ordered Eleven to attack. “Thunder God Form.” “Wuu!”

Upon hearing that, white light began to linger around Eleven’s one-meter-tall body in mid-air. Its size increased crazily at a visible speed.

The Primordial Thunder Dragon, which was originally complaining that the Iron-eating Beast was too small, was stunned when it saw this scene. It saw that the little Iron-eating Beast that was just a meter tall just now was quickly enlarging. Soon, it became a huge beast ten, twenty, thirty meters tall… And it didn’t stop!

At this moment, the Iron-eating Beast’s body enlargement seemed to be endless. In an instant, under the constricted pupils of the Primordial Thunder Dragon and countless sea beasts, it turned into a huge monster hundreds of meters tall.

Its body had become even larger than the Sea Dragon King and the Frost Dragon!! At this moment, this was the first time its battle power was fully released!! After the monarch level, Eleven could finally withstand this extreme transformation!

The shocking change shocked even the Sea Dragon King. It opened its mouth slightly. It had never seen a creature that could reach this level of transformation!

What shocked the Primordial Thunder Dragon and many sea beasts was that during the transformation, the Iron-eating Beast’s appearance had completely changed!

The sharp mode of Inner Power erupted and it directly turned into the form of the Nine Li Battle Beast. Under the cover of the black and silver armor, the hundred-meter eleven revealed two eyes that seemed to contain lightning. At this moment, its entire body also revealed a deterrence aura. The deterrence and the lightning wrapped around its body emitted a terrifying aura.

Because it was the deterrence of Dao Proficiency, the lightning Eleven controlled was like a king among lightning. In almost an instant, the Primeval Thunder Soul on the Primordial Thunder Dragon let out a sizzling cry. Regarding this, the Second Prince’s expression instantly changed.