Chapter 307 - The Test Is Becoming More And More Strange (1)

Chapter 307 The Test Is Becoming More and More Strange (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

As Shi Yu finished speaking, the monarch-level sea beasts immediately hated themselves for being monarch-level and not commander-level.

As for the commander-level sea beasts, they were all overjoyed.

Forget everything else.

They looked at the water ball. Wasn’t this the Water Slime?

Not bad, what the hell?

They didn’t know about the iron-eating beasts, so they could just treat it as a very strong race. But the Water Slime, this was clearly… the bottom of the water-eating food chain!

There was also the small red sword that kept shaking its head. It was fire-element, right! It must be fire-element! It was countered by water!

As for the flying ginseng baby, apart from its wings that were a little unfamiliar, they had also seen its appearance!!

They looked at the ginseng roots imported from the ground on the plate in front of them and fell into deep thought. They silently placed them in their mouths and chewed…

Among the four pets, only the butterfly seemed to have something going on.

This difficulty clearly looked much smaller than challenging the Iron-eating Beast.

“Roar!! (Then I want to challenge that Water Slime Examiner!!)”

The shark shouted and looked at Susu with intelligence.

“As expected of my son, It’s not too stupid.” Behind the baby shark, the even larger shark overlord thought to itself.

Although most overlord-level sea beasts did not have perception or reconnaissance skills, with their experience, they could vaguely sense the strength of Shi Yu’s pets in the sky. Every pet summoned by Shi Yu was very strong among those of the same level. This ocean overlord could be sure. However, if they had to find the weakest one, then these overlords would undoubtedly choose the water slime.

Many overlords cast appreciative gazes at the shark.

Apart from Doctor Shell and the other overlords…

“Sure.” As the shark made its choice, Shi Yu nodded.

At the same time, below, the little white dragon had just finished mocking the second prince in secret when it cast a silly look at the shark.

Similarly, Yu Shu and the others cast sympathetic gazes.

F*ck, that was a water slime that could directly break through to the monarch level!

Even the son of the Sea Dragon King was insta-killed by it in one move. How could a low-level overlord race’s shark dare try!

If it was said that everyone might still have doubts about the water slime’s situation previously, Yu Shu and the others vaguely guessed why that water slime could break through at the last minute.

It must have eaten the Time Fruit!

This Water Slime had the ability to store the nature of the Time Fruit and didn’t need to eat it at the last minute!

“Susu.” As the shark chose Susu, Shi Yu called it out. Susu immediately turned into a stream of water and flew over, taking Eleven’s place and looking at the shark below.

“Ning!!” It was a little nervous on such a big occasion.

However, it would work hard to defeat the other party.

“Roar!” Compared to Susu, the shark appeared much more confident. It was a young version of the second prince. It swam into the sky confidently.

However, just as it came out, it suddenly trembled.

He sensed the scrutinizing gazes of the Sea Dragon King, the Turtle Prime Minister, the Tyrannical Sea Legend, and the other big shots.

“…” The shark suddenly panicked. Wh-what was going on? “Don’t be nervous, you attack first.”

Shi Yu chuckled and said.

Then, he looked at Susu.

[Race Name]: Mutated Water Slime (Blue Sea Sprite Reincarnation Body)

[Attributes]: Water

[Race Level]: High-level Monarch (Quasi overlord)

(Level of Growth]: Commander Level

[Race Skill]:

Low-level: Bubble (Dao Proficiency), Lightning Resistance (Expert), Poison Resistance (Expert)

Intermediate: Water Regeneration (Expert), Boiling Water (Expert), Freezing Water (Expert), Purification (Expert)

High-level: Water Dragon Ball (Expert), Multiplication (Expert), Rain Praying (Expert), Steam Explosion (Expert), Guardian Water (Expert)

Super level: Water Elemental Control (Initiate)

[Taught Skill):

Advanced: Deterrence (Expert), Absolute Sleep (Expert)

Super level: Infinite Devour (Initiate)

Energy Points: 90,000

The reason why he let Susu come out as an examiner was not only because it could store the nature of the Time Fruit in the infinite devouring space and use it at any time.

It was because after the Tyrannical Sea Legend stopped him, Shi Yu temporarily gave Susu some overtime.

It was just a casual point adding. It wasn’t high, but it was enough for Susu to have very strong battle power.

In addition, it could indeed use the Time Fruit to cheat. There was no need to use it too much, though. It only converted a little of its nature and its battle power doubled. It was not something ordinary commander-level pets could fight against.

Apart from that, it was worth mentioning… It was a pity that after devouring the turtle shell, Susu still couldn’t awaken super skills.

Absolute Sleep also didn’t become a racial skill. It had only awakened a high-level water-element skill, Water Protection.

However, this skill was also useful.

As the name suggested, this skill could create water that could protect the target.

After training to perfection, the water created with the could have autonomy, could differentiate between friend and foe, and could detect dangerous auras. When danger was imminent, it would automatically protect the target and be immune to most damage.

At the same time, after reaching transcendent, it could also leave the user and exist independently in the outside world for a long time.

In short, this was a very friendly move for Beast Tamers. Shi Yu planned to give Susu priority to this skill in the future. At that time, not only could he have one more protective talisman, but he would also have one more skill to build equipment…