Chapter 309 - The Test Is Becoming More And More Strange (3)

Chapter 309 The Test Is Becoming More and More Strange (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Just like that Iron-eating Beast, it was almost invincible at the same level. It was definitely comparable to an overlord race!

“Silly boy—Why did you choose it?—There must be a reason for things to be abnormal. Although this water slime looks weak, there’s clearly something wrong!” The shark overlord cursed his disappointing son.

Wasn’t it better to choose other pets? It had failed!

Embarrassing!

The family was unlucky!

“Roar!!!”

As time was about to end, the shark roared. Finally, as Susu held back a little, it penetrated the water bubble with an extremely excited expression and instantly swam far away.

It couldn’t be helped. After all, it was the son of an overlord. It was not bad to take him in as an ordinary member to run errands. Shi Yu wasn’t that unreasonable.

At the same time, the time limit of the boiling shark-shaped bubble reached the limit. In the next moment, it exploded with a bang. Almost in an instant, the terrifying steam turned into a wave of air that was comparable to a tsunami, pushing in all directions. The shark that was originally happy to break free from the bubble was instantly sent flying out in a daze and smashed onto the ground.

Following that, the spreading steam produced a second explosion. “Boom” explosive sounds swept the entire sky. It was as if fireworks appeared in the Dragon Palace banquet. The continuous explosions made the shark on the ground tremble.

Countless sea beasts opened their mouths wide. They didn’t expect a bubble to produce so many subsequent reactions.

The terrifying power made many sea beasts no doubt at all that if this Water Slime didn’t give the shark a chance to break free and directly detonated the bubble instead, the shark would instantly be blown into rotten fish wings!

At this moment, how could the dragon shark still have the thought of defeating the water slime? It directly felt a lingering fear.

“Congratulations on passing the assessment of ordinary members. Do you still want to continue?”

In the sky, Shi Yu smiled at the shark.

“Ning!” Susu also had its hands on its hips. She had yet to fight to her heart’s content.

Below, the shark with several burn marks on its body was stunned. It shook its head crazily. What a joke!!

If this continued, it would die!!

“I admit defeat, I admit defeat. Ordinary members are pretty good too…” it hurriedly said.

Obviously, the shark that wanted to pick a weak opponent chose the wrong one. It couldn’t even make Susu convert the power of the Time Fruit!

Seeing this, the Sea Dragon King and the other big shots looked at Susu in admiration. As expected of the Blue Sea Sprite Reincarnation. It was awesome, just different from ordinary water slimes. The heir of an overlord? It could beat it up just like that!!

Seeing that Susu wasn’t bullied and instead easily defeated her opponent, the Sea Dragon King was amused and very satisfied. However, the expressions of those commander-level sea beasts instantly darkened like the monarch-level sea beasts from before.

Just as the monarch-level sea beasts were complaining about how ridiculous the commander-level test was, the commander-level sea beasts even cried. This Water Slime was clearly not easy to bully. They knew very well how strong the shark was. Although it couldn’t be considered strong at the commander level, it wasn’t weak either. In short, Shi Yu definitely didn’t want them to easily become core members. They were certain!

At that moment, the little shark touched its burn marks in pain, as if it felt that it couldn’t continue to be so embarrassed. Since its strength wasn’t enough, it had to show its intelligence and ask more information for the other sea beasts to highlight its existence. It asked intelligently…

“Minister Shi Yu, the commander level test is so difficult. Wuwuwu, what kind of test will be given to the transcendent and awakening levels?”

“Uh…” The little shark’s question indeed stumped Shi Yu. Shi Yu’s thoughts were very simple. It was the will of an overlord. However, this definitely couldn’t be said directly. Moreover, the chances of finding it were really not high. After a moment of silence, he felt that it wasn’t too good to let Eleven, Baby Ginseng, and the others use their clones to test those weak ones. Therefore, he thought for a moment and said,

“This is even easier. Just defeat me in the transcendent and Awakening tests. It’s very simple, right?” Now that he had the strength of a bean bear, it shouldn’t be difficult to deal with sea beasts below the commander rank!

The sea beasts, Heavenly King Zou, and the others:?? Why was the test getting more and more strange!!