Chapter 308 - The Test Is Becoming More And More Strange (2)

Chapter 308 The Test Is Becoming More and More Strange (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“(Roar) Then I won’t be polite!” At the same time, under the gazes of many sea beasts, the shark roared and instantly condensed the Giant Shark Skill in front of its mouth!

Buzz!

Around it, hundreds of ferocious-looking water sharks the size of water bottles quickly condensed.

In an instant, these water sharks attacked Susu like a rain of arrows!

Skill: Giant Shark

< Introduction > It’s a water-element super skill. It can create a Giant Shark made of water elements. The Giant Shark can devour the enemy’s energy through biting. When the Giant Shark returns to its main body, it can replenish the devouring energy to the user.

It was unknown if the shark was protective of the fairer sex or if its attitude was serious. Although it had used a super skill right from the start and didn’t underestimate the enemy, this super skill was considered to have relatively low lethality. It would only devour the enemy’s energy completely and not cause any serious damage. The Hundred Water Shark attacked Susu, and at this moment, Susu only used a very simple skill.

“Hu!!!” Its body swelled until it was round. It blew bubbles in big mouthfuls. Then, an incomparably huge water bubble was blown up by it.

Seeing this scene, many sea beasts were slightly stunned.

Was he planning to use his low-level racial skill to fight head-on with the super racial skill of the Shark Clan?

Skill: Bubble

< Introduction > It’s a low-level water-element skill. It creates water bubbles. When the water bubbles are touched, the water will explode.

No matter how he thought about it, it wasn’t a quantitative water-type skill.

However, the next scene exceeded the imagination of most sea beasts. They saw Susu blowing the bubble wider and wider. In the blink of an eye, the transparent water bubble became dozens of meters wide. As for itself, after blowing the bubble, it immediately hid in the bubble!

The moment the attacking Giant Shark touched the bubble, it didn’t detonate the bubble. Instead, it was absorbed into the bubble with a bang. Then, it was stunned on the spot and didn’t continue attacking the Water Slime.

Dong! Dong! Dong! Dong! Dong! In a short moment, many Giant Devouring Sharks were swallowed by the bubble. After entering, they directly lost their intelligence. The shark also lost its connection with them with a stunned expression, shocking it to immediately control the other Giant Devouring Sharks to not come into contact with the bubble.

Unfortunately, under Susu’s control, this incomparably huge bubble began to advance and continue to expand. It suddenly swallowed a large number of Giant Devouring Sharks.

“Ning!! (I’ll return it to you!!)”

With the nature of the Dao Proficiency level bubble wrap skill, Susu directly cracked the other party’s skill. Moreover, on the jelly-like water slime’s body, it used its talent skill elementalization to condense a water elemental hand. Its thin hand made a finger gun gesture. With a boom, it raised its finger. The huge bubble dozens of meters in diameter seemed to have been injected with hormones. It didn’t fly slowly like other bubble skills at all. Instead, it was like a cannonball shot out, a falling Mercury, and flew towards the shark with a boom!

“Roar!!! (Damn!)” Seeing this strange bubble skill, the shark was instantly stunned. The other sea beasts were also stunned. When the shark reacted, it was already wrapped in the huge bubble.

At this moment, Susu was already outside the bubble, watching the show quietly.

Seeing this, the shark roared and swung its body. Another super racial skill with extreme lethality was activated. This time, it was the “Deep Sea Fang’ famous for its lethality and destructive power.

It was said that it could compress the power of water that was comparable to a tsunami onto the huge teeth of its race. Coupled with the natural huge teeth, it formed an incomparable tearing force, causing both physical and elemental damage! In the face of the bubble that wrapped itself, the Wyrm Shark raised its head. Its huge teeth turned into sharp blades as it suddenly charged towards the outside world in an attempt to leave. However, the Deep Sea Tooth that could cut apart a tsunami bit at the bubble like a fist hitting cotton, only causing a ripple. At this moment, the Wyrm Shark was stunned again.

Countless sea beasts opened their mouths wide and looked at the shark that was being played by the Water Slime.

Wait a minute… This plot… was wrong!

Why was the ability of a water slime so ridiculous!

Low-level bubbles suppressed two super skills?

Even if the shark was still weak and had never trained its super skills much, it shouldn’t be crushed by low-level skills…

In the next moment, something that made the shark even more panicked appeared. The huge bubble suddenly started to shrink, instantly changing from a circular bubble to a bubble membrane that stuck to its body. At this moment, let alone losing control once it had entered the bubble, the shark felt that its body instantly lost control!

“I’ll give you ten seconds. If you can break free of the bubble, you can become an ordinary member of the Environmental Protection Department.”

“If you can’t break free in ten seconds, the bubble will explode. You will fail this battle, and the test will fail.” Shi Yu’s words, which were narrowed, were like the whisper of a demon in the heart of the shark. It looked at the blurry water slime in the distance in horror and struggled with all its might.

Then, it felt the membrane that was stuck to its body begin to burn. Almost instantly, the shark felt like it was about to be cooked.

The current bubble began to look like a huge boiling pot boiling hot water, making the shark suffer indescribably. Under the boiling water, its struggle became stronger and stronger. One second, two seconds, three seconds… eight seconds… nine seconds…

And this scene was even more ridiculous in the eyes of many sea beasts.

The dragon species of a low-level overlord race was tested by the water slime of a transcendent race… They opened their mouths wide and quickly realized that Shi Yu wasn’t lying, nor was there a need to lie. This weak species of water slime in their impression was ridiculously strong!