Chapter 303 - Hell’S Difficulty Test

Chapter 303 Hell’s Difficulty Test

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Dragon Yan Island.

In the Dragon Palace banquet.

At this moment, the benefits of the department had already been displayed. Soon, it was the nervous and exciting assessment segment.

“I’m the deputy minister of the Ocean Environmental Protection Department. If you overlords want to join the Environmental Protection Department, you can register with

me.”

The gem cat had run from the human area to Shi Yu’s side at some point in time, stunning the sea beasts.

Damn, why was this cat here again this year?

It even became the vice minister of the Marine Environmental Protection Department.

Was it going to rely on food to maintain the ecological balance of the species and indirectly protect the environment?

“I’ll be in charge of the assessment,” Shi Yu said. “So, is anyone willing to accept the assessment and join the Environmental Protection Department?”

As Shi Yu finished speaking, the sea beasts looked at each other.

The overlord-level sea beasts were still relatively reserved. Some directly communicated telepathically, while others planned to talk to the gem cat after the banquet.

However, the monarch and commander-level sea beasts were all eager to try.

However…

According to the previous rules, no matter the order of the banquet, it was arranged according to race and strength. Therefore, even if they wanted to accept the environmental department’s test, high-level sea beasts and races would come first.

“I wonder what’s the requirement to become a core member of the Environmental Protection Department.”

Boom!

At this moment, accompanied by a thunderclap, a figure suddenly flew over from the horizon. It emitted a shocking dragon might and landed in front of Shi Yu and the others.

Seeing this figure, the little white dragon cursed.

The surrounding sea beasts were also stunned.

This was a huge Eastern Dragon dozens of meters long. Its black body floated with white hair that was like a thundercloud. Black lightning lingered in the dragon might that shot out.

< Name > Primordial Thunder Dragon

[Attributes]: Thunder, Dragon

[Race Level]: High-level overlord (Quasi Mythical)

[Level of Growth]: Monarch Level

< Introduction > The second prince of Dragon Palace City, son of the Thunder Dragon King.

Energy Points: 7,060,000

“Your… Your Highness the Second Prince?!” Seeing this person, the Turtle Prime Minister was stunned. He didn’t expect this person to suddenly appear at the Dragon Palace banquet.

The moment it appeared, it looked at the Sea Dragon King and the Ice Dragon King and said, “Lord Sea Dragon King, Lord Ice Dragon King.” “Oh? You’re here too.”

The Sea Dragon King clicked its tongue. It was very familiar with this lightning dragon.

In the Dragon Palace, the little white dragon had been bullied by this guy a lot.

For this, it and the Azure Dragon King often went to the Thunder Dragon King to reason.

“It’s His Highness the Second Prince. It’s actually here too…”

Many sea beasts were shocked when they saw the Primordial Thunder Dragon.

“An impressive existence has come.” In the human area, Heavenly King Zou’s gaze immediately turned serious.

This person’s strength, among the monarch-level battle power in Dragon Palace City, was definitely at the top. Only some sea beasts with long lifespans or other opportunities might be stronger than the Primordial Thunder Dragon, and it was limited.

Most importantly, this guy was still in the high-speed growth stage. Its potential had not been stimulated at all…

In terms of strength, it might not be the strongest among the monarchs in Dragon Palace City, but in terms of potential, it was definitely one of the best.

The Primordial Thunder Dragon was an Electric Eel Transformation Dragon. It was a race with extremely strong battle power and potential among the current dragons.

“I wonder what’s the requirement to become a core member of the Environmental Protection Department.”

The sudden appearance of this Primordial Thunder Dragon was clearly also for the Time Fruit.

“If you fight it equally at the same level or defeat it, you can become a core member of the Environmental Protection Department.”

After Shi Yu saw the Primordial Thunder Dragon, he smiled and signaled for Eleven to come forward.

“Wuu!”

Eleven, who was floating in the air with the electromagnetic levitation, stepped forward.

The Primordial Thunder Dragon narrowed its eyes and looked at the little Iron-eating Beast. It also sensed that it was also playing with electricity. However, was Shi Yu serious? Letting such a little guy be an examiner…

“This… even His Highness the Second Prince has to take the assessment?”

“His Highness, the Second Prince, is almost invincible in the monarch domain of Dragon Palace City, right?”

At this moment, even some overlord heirs felt inferior when they saw the Second Prince’s Primordial Thunder Dragon.

No, or rather, even the little white dragon felt weak when it saw this guy.

The Thunder Dragon King’s battle power was one of the best among the seven Dragon Kings in Dragon Palace City. Its descendants were naturally ridiculously strong.

“Come, then!!”

The Primordial Thunder Dragon spat out lightning and circled in midair, indicating that it wanted to accept the so-called assessment.

In the face of the confidence of the Primordial Lightning Dragon and the surprise of the surrounding sea beasts, Shi Yu only smiled.

Unfortunately…

This Primordial Thunder Dragon was indeed strong, but he couldn’t let it win.

Although it was a lie to say that the Time Fruit was a nonrenewable resource, there were indeed not many Time Fruits. According to Shi Yu’s thoughts, providing each overlord with one was already very expensive.

Therefore, he had no intention of giving the Time Fruit to monarch and commander-level sea beasts from the start to make them core members.

At most, it could become an ordinary member. And how to do it was naturally to increase the difficulty of the assessment a little.

Of course, not giving it now didn’t mean not giving it in the future. However, that was after Baby Ginseng became stronger.

This way, by dragging it out slowly, these ordinary members could also work hard and pursue promotion. If they reached a high position from the start, they wouldn’t work hard.

Under normal circumstances, it was really a little difficult for Eleven to face a monarch-level divine dragon of a quasi Mythical race with 7 million energy points. Even if it won, Eleven himself would probably be quite tired and need to explode to resist the enemy.