Chapter 306 - The Test Is Becoming More And More Strange

Chapter 306 The Test Is Becoming More and More Strange

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The battle between Eleven and the Primordial Thunder Dragon showed the effect of the skills in a battle.

The strength of the dragon race’s body was strong, but the 100-meter enlargement directly raised its strength to the maximum, a perfect crushing!

The lightning dragon’s Black Dragon Lightning was powerful, and Eleven directly countered it with the Lightning Resistance and Lightning Absorption skill!

Even if the overall attributes of the Primordial Thunder Dragon were a little stronger than Eleven in various aspects, it seemed a little helpless under the suppression of the skill.

Skill proficiency was Shi Yu’s pet’s greatest advantage!

In terms of skills, apart from overlords who trained super skills to perfection, or totems that trained super skills to perfection, there should be very few creatures below overlord level that could compete with Shi Yu’s pets.

“Second Prince, let’s stop here. You might still be a little lacking from the standard of a core member.”

“However, with your potential, I believe you can quickly be promoted to a core member.” “Roar!!”

Eleven squeezed its hard palms, and the Primordial Lightning Dragon’s face turned green and red. It was so angry that it gritted its teeth.

Why was lightning ineffective against this guy!

Why was this guy stronger than him!

This was the first time the Primordial Thunder Dragon had experienced such an aggrieved battle.

“Heh, you’ve already done pretty well. After all, Shi Yu is a Beast Tamer cultivated by me,” Ice Dragon said happily.

“His aptitude is 60% as elegant as Emperor Shi back then.”

“You should start as an ordinary member.”

Countless sea beasts looked at the Ice Dragon with respect. As expected of a senior who had survived from the early stages of the Dong Huang Dynasty! Shi Yu: “?”

Eleven: ??

What did it have to do with this guy!!!

It couldn’t even defeat Mu Huiyin, why was this guy dragging Emperor Shi into this!

However, Shi Yu suddenly felt that Ice Dragon’s shameless aura was a little similar to

his.

He didn’t contract the ice dragon either. But, was his shamelessness powerful enough to subtly influence it… What was going on..

“I, I understand.” When the Ice Dragon King totem spoke, the Primordial Thunder Dragon immediately admitted defeat in admiration.

After all, if it continued, it wouldn’t look good if it lost consciousness.

After the second prince admitted defeat, Eleven let go of the huge palm. Under the light shining from its body, it shrank to a size of less than centimeters and cried out.

“…” Seeing Eleven suddenly become a harmless panda, the Second Prince wanted to say something but hesitated. It cursed in his heart.

No wonder Dragon Palace City wanted to befriend humans for generations. These human Beast Tamers were too bullshit.

“I’ll start from an ordinary member. My strength is indeed lacking.” After the Primordial Thunder Dragon admitted defeat, it obediently landed in a public area and planned to continue watching.

It wanted to see who could defeat this thing.

It wasn’t convinced!

As long as no one could defeat that black and white thing, as long as everyone lost and couldn’t become a core member, then it technically didn’t lose as well! “Alright.” Shi Yu smiled and nodded.

At this moment, the scene suddenly fell silent.

After all, many monarchs had seen the battle just now.

They believed that they would be insta-killed by the second prince.

Then wouldn’t challenging the black and white monster that suppressed the Second Prince in one move be stupid!

In the human area, the few masters who had graduated from top universities took a deep breath.

“This Shi Yu is only in his first year…”

Wasn’t this strength a little too scary?

Even they couldn’t guarantee that they could defeat that second prince, let alone easily defeat him.

Logically speaking, shouldn’t a first-year student be at a different level? They looked at Yu Shu.

Yu Shu: “?”

Yin Zhengfan:… “Heh.” White Brook was in high spirits.

Heavenly King Zou fell into deep thought. Fortunately, Shi Yu didn’t have that special battle strengthening talent. Otherwise, other young Beast Tamers wouldn’t be able to live!

“Roar!! (Excuse me, I’m commander rank, do I have a chance to become a core member?)”

Among the monarch ranks, no sea beast spoke for a long time. Suddenly, a commander rank overlord heir spoke.

It was a huge shark nearly ten meters long and completely dark blue. Its side had red intelligent eyes and black gills, and the sharp teeth it revealed seemed to be able to bite through everything.

[Name]: Deep Sea Dragon Shark

[Attributes]: Water, Dragon [Race Level): Low-level overlord

(Level of Growth]: Commander Level

Energy Points: 90,000 Shi Yu looked over and felt that he had heard of this guy somewhere. It seemed that it had been called a fool by the little white dragon when he met it.

“Does a commander rank have a chance to become a core member? Of course.” Shi Yu looked at its indeed not very smart appearance and smiled.

“The core position of the Environmental Protection Department depends on potential, so even if it’s only commander rank, transcendent rank, and awakening rank, there’s still a chance to become a core member. However, the conditions are definitely even harder.”

“Roar??? (Really?)” The shark’s expression was delighted.

“Well, as long as you defeat them, you can become core members.” Shi Yu walked past Eleven, who had just finished fighting, and pointed at Buggy, Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong, and Susu, who were still training their willpower at the lower level.

“They’re also commander rank. Of course, their strength is definitely not bad.”

“Roar! (Then can I choose an examiner freely?)” The shark said in surprise.

“Sure, you can choose the examiner freely. At that time, you can become a core member after defeating the examiner. If you lose, but do well, you can become an ordinary member. But if you lose very badly… Then…” Shi Yu said.