Chapter 310 - The Next Generation Of Dragon Palace City

Chapter 310 The Next Generation of Dragon Palace City

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Shi Yu chuckled and thought about which transcendent and awakened sea beast would challenge him.

However, at this moment, clearly no transcendent or awakened-level sea beast dared to move rashly.

With the battle just now as a precedent, there was definitely something wrong with Shi Yu being so confident now!

(Could this guy be a ferocious hybrid?]

Many sea beasts muttered in their hearts. Otherwise, what gave Shi Yu the confidence to challenge the sea beasts with his human body?

“Is Shi Yu’s physique very good…?”

Heavenly King Zou asked in confusion.

White Brook: “That isn’t the problem here…”

“When he was a high-level Beast Tamer, his physique wasn’t inferior to a commander-level ferocious beast.”

“Now, he’s a master-level Beast Tamer. I reckon… his physique should be close to that of a monarch-level ferocious beast.”

“Well… Although I have to consider the fact that transcendent creatures have skills, it shouldn’t be a problem for Shi Yu to rely on his physical body to defeat some weaker commander-level creatures.”

Yin Zhengfan and the others :…

Tyrannical Sea Legend :…

“This…? So, it’s really not a hybrid?” Heavenly King Zou couldn’t believe it. His Beast Taming Space was already level six, one level higher than Shi Yu, but why did he feel that its physique wasn’t even half as good as Shi Yu’s?! “Usually, in school he looks weak, but in the end, he’s like a freak. So every time, he’s always been over-training.” Yu Shu curled his lips. He didn’t doubt White Brook’s words. After all, during the Heroic Spirit Ruins, Shi Yu had relied on the level of an intermediate Beast Tamer to withstand the possession of the heroic spirit of a high-level overlord of the same level…

After all, that was a violent sword spirit that the Ice Dragon General judged to be impossible to withstand at the same level. In Yu Shu’s eyes, Shi Yu was no different from a human-shaped ferocious beast. He even suspected that Shi Yu could smash his bone dragon with a punch now.

“How can he find a girlfriend like this…” The blue-haired girl was stunned.

“Find a hybrid to solve it perfectly,” the hybrid Dragonman said. “Of course, I’m not talking about me.”

“I have a sister… I’ll lay my cards on the table. I want to be this guy’s brother-in-law.”

Tyrannical Sea Legend was silent towards the gossip.

“Little White Dragon, go. You should also contribute to purifying the sea.”

Just as everyone was waiting for the next sea beast to challenge Buggy, Baby Ginseng, and Chi Tong…

Suddenly, the Sea Dragon King spoke to the little white dragon that had learned the power of the north wind.

If it was said that before Shi Yu took out the reward, it would still be alright with sending its little white dragon in as a core member… Now that Shi Yu had taken out such a precious reward, even the Second Prince had accepted the test. Logically speaking, it should let the little white dragon go through the program. It was equivalent to training.

Wa

To be honest, the Sea Dragon King was still a little confident in his son.

Although it had been pampered and had never experienced setbacks, it had inherited its and the Azure Dragon King’s abilities at the same time. According to the human detection method, the Wyrm Shark only had 90,000 energy points, and its son was as high as 160,000. Obviously, the difference between the overlord races was also huge.

When transcendent life forms reached the totem level, they basically trained their racial skills to transcend perfection. It was equivalent to them already trying to open up their own path. At this stage, the powerful life realm could not only allow the elemental totems to imprint their traces of existence in nature, reaching the effect that made them very difficult to kill, but it could also allow traditional creatures to change, optimize their bloodlines, develop new racial skills, make up for their racial flaws, and customize the next generation’s racial skills.

Among the commander ranks in Dragon Palace City, the little white dragon’s strength was also considered the first tier. Its race was very perfect, and it could break through to the monarch level at any time. However, the Sea Dragon King was not in a hurry to let it break through. Instead, it let it continue to build a foundation. This way, it could have the ability to compete with the monster-like Second Prince and the even more ridiculous Eldest Prince in the future.

Of course, as Eleven defeated the Second Prince, the Sea Dragon King was not very confident at this moment. This was because it felt that Shi Yu’s pet was also suppressing its level. The aura of the butterfly it sensed previously didn’t seem to lose to its son at all…

In short, those who could suppress levels were all monster geniuses.

From the Awakening Level to the Commander Level, the energy form would change in the three forms of Gas, Liquid, and Solid. As the pet grew and trained, the energy form would slowly accumulate, compress, and change its form in the creature’s body. Every growth and transformation represented an energy qualitative change in a transcendent life form. It could bring a large increase in energy, and the increase in energy would also lead to the increase in all the qualities in the body. If it was said that the transformation of energy from the Awakening Stage to the Commander Stage was still a macroscopic change, then the breakthrough from the Commander Stage to the Monarch Stage was the huge energy in the commander rank creature’s body. From a microscopic point of view, it was the process of perfectly integrating into the most basic composition of the extraordinary creature’s body.

During this process, the energy would even more exaggeratedly change the pet’s body, spirit, and soul to increase the pet’s life level. Then, the pet’s entire body would undergo an extremely huge transformation. The deterrence skill was also awakened independently by the increase in life level during this process.

At this moment, the energy and the transcendent lifeform had reached the most coordinated state. After the pet reached that stage, it could control the power in its body more easily and train various skills with twice the effect with half the effort.

Generally speaking, it was impossible for a commander-level life form to grow to the monarch level. It was just like how humans naturally grew up. It was the autonomy of their bodies that subtly changed. Changing and growing required time. When the opportunity arrived, they naturally broke through. Transcendent life forms couldn’t decide anything