Chapter 317 - A Big Change In 100 Years

Chapter 317 A Big Change in 100 Years

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Inatella.

This island had the title of the World Root.

It was the habitat of the World Tree, the embodiment of the planet’s will, and its guardian.

In the center of Inatella, on a huge tree that reached the sky, countless small, cylindrical green bugs separated from it.

Their forms were very similar to single-cell protozoa Grass Treadworms, but every one of them was clearly visible with the naked eye. After these green tree bugs separated, they quickly moved in all directions.

Their destination seemed to be all over the world.

The number one country in technology, Shenfeng, the country of snow plains that was covered in snow all year round, the country of glory Rongguo that believed in the power of light, the Ancient Kingdom of Ming Hua that was covered in undead, the seven islands of the Nation of Ten Thousand Islands…

The figure of this green tree worm could be seen even in the country led by the elven queen, who was now half human and half elf.

And Dong Huang.

In a courtyard in the headquarters of the Dong Huang Association, a young man put down his teacup. He looked at the departing figure of the tree worm and then at the endless blue sky.

“Is this a sign of some kind of disaster?” He revealed an aura that didn’t match his appearance and age, and a towering tree was gradually reflected in his eyes.

East Sea, Dragon Palace City.

Tyrannical Sea Legend looked at the 12 young men in front of him and nodded.

This trip to Dragon Palace City could be considered a perfect end.

“Prime Minister Turtle, there’s no need to send me off.”

Then, the Tyrannical Sea Legend looked at the Tortoise Prime Minister who was holding a banner beside him.

“It’s alright, it’s alright. Have a safe trip, everyone,” the Turtle Prime Minister waved the banner.

It mainly looked at Shi Yu and smiled. “Lord Shi Yu, come again next time.”

“Yes, yes.” Shi Yu smiled. Besides, that day wouldn’t be far.

After all, he was now the minister of the environmental protection department of Dragon Palace City.

Although the Environmental Protection Department was only in the initial stage and the department’s operation had yet to enter the right track, it would definitely be used appropriately in the future.

Apart from that, the Dragon Palace City mystic realm with the Dragon God Statue and the Blue Sea Ruins was also closely related to the growth of Buggy and Susu.

Tyrannical Sea Legend said to Shi Yu and the others, “Are you all ready? If you are, let’s set off.”

Shi Yu, Yu Shu, and the others nodded. Then, an incomparably huge blue Giant Leviathan covered in dense white hair was summoned by the Tyrant Sea Legend.

The first time was unfamiliar, but the second time was familiar.

This time, Shi Yu and the others didn’t feel uncomfortable being swallowed by the Giant Leviathan into the body. They quickly returned to the water-element world.

In the water-element world, there was still a huge water screen that allowed everyone to share the Giant Leviathan’s perspective and see the situation outside.

However, this time, just as they left Dragon Palace City, Shi Yu and the others discovered a strange phenomenon.

“What’s that?”

Not long after leaving Dragon Palace City, Yu Shu pointed at the big green fish swimming slowly on the water screen and showed a stunned expression.

This green big fish looked very strange. At least in Yu Shu’s impression, he didn’t know this kind of sea beast.

He wasn’t the only one. The others also cast curious expressions before shaking their heads. They didn’t know it.

“There are more underwater creatures than land creatures. It’s not surprising that we don’t know them.” Shi Yu realized that there was no information about this guy in the index.

“It looks pretty nutritious. Green food.” This time, without Ice Dragon’s space, the gem cat was also in the Infinite Devour space. It looked at the green fish that had just swam over and said.

Everyone grinned. That thing clearly looked like a mutated fish species that had been contaminated.

Many young people present didn’t know this green fish, but Tyrannical Sea Legend, who had come into contact with some secret legends before… After arriving in the Giant Leviathan’s inner space, he received the Giant Leviathan’s feedback and fell into deep thought.

By the sea.

At the Binhai Training Hall.

When they left Dong Huang, everyone left. When they returned, they naturally returned here. In a huge pool in a room in the Dao field, a deep sea whirlpool teleported Shi Yu and the others out.

“Teacher, you’re back!”

While Shi Yu and the others were still adjusting, the disciple of the Tyrant Sea Legend, the sect master of the Dao field, Zheng Hai, quickly came to welcome them.

He looked at the still expressionless teacher, as well as Shi Yu and the others, whose expressions had changed drastically. He knew that the gains from this trip to Dragon Palace City would definitely be pretty good.

“Yes.” The Tyrannical Sea Legend nodded and said, “Treat them well.”

With that said, he walked out of the room step by step. At the same time, Zheng Hai looked at Heavenly King Zou and the others happily.

“You’ve been gone long enough.”

“Did you gain something big?”

“By the way, what pets have you contracted? Tell me.”

“Overlord dragon species, black flood dragon,” Zou Yun said with a chuckle.

“Holy shit.” Zheng Hai was shocked. You really contracted it.

With another new overlord race divine pet, Heavenly King Zou would probably be on the trending list again.

This time, Heavenly King Zou was the only one who had contracted a cub of an overlord race, so he was pretty smug.

As for the others, although they had contracted their favorite pets, they were basically all high-level monarch races or quasi overlord races. They weren’t that lucky.

Generally speaking, overlord races still wouldn’t follow people easily. Only Beast Tamers like Zou Yun and Lu Qingyi, who were super geniuses themselves, had a chance of being recognized by overlord creatures.

After all, the probability of an overlord race growing to the overlord level was very, very high. On the contrary, if humans didn’t have the potential to grow to the legendary level, why should an overlord race ever follow you? Everyone was in a different position.