Chapter 316 - Returning To The Dong Huang

Chapter 316 Returning to the Dong Huang

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Dragon Palace City.

On an island located deep in the mystic realm of Dragon Palace City, Dragon God Island.

With a thought from the Dragon God, a violent wind wrapped around Shi Yu, Buggy, Ice Dragon, and Sea Dragon King.

When they reacted again, they had already appeared on a wide land.

What entered their eyes was a huge rock ruin that looked like a mountain range.

When the Dragon God decided to let Buggy visualize the figure of the Dragon God’s will, she teleported Shi Yu and the others over with a thought.

“This!”

“Wuu.” After being teleported over, Ice Dragon was shocked.

Was this the Dragon God Ruins?

On the island, there was an endless mountain that stretched out like a dragon’s back, filling the vast land. In every mountain, under the lingering white mist, there were ghost-like statues. They were lifelike divine dragons. Just from their appearance, they emitted an earth-shattering domineering aura, as if they were ancient gods sleeping in ruins, waiting to wake up at any time.

Just looking at the stone statues themselves, they even felt stronger than overlords like cats.

After Shi Yu and Buggy arrived, they looked at the Dragon God Stones one after another and gulped.

“Senior Dragon God, is this the statue of the will of the past Dragon Gods?” Shi Yu asked.

“Wu!”

Buggy’s eyes lit up.

“To be precise, it’s the will of the past Dragon Gods who were willing to leave their traces.” The Dragon God said, “These stone statues were all left behind by the former Dragon Gods in order to let the future descendants of the Dragon Race who came to the Dragon God Ruins see their heroic bearing.”

“When the dragons sense and look at the stone statues with all their might, they can hallucinate and see their former power…”

“In the end, they’re just a bunch of guys who show off too much.”

“Although it’s not a dragon, your pet can temporarily transform itself into a dragon through that skill. It shouldn’t be a problem to visualize it…”

“…” Hearing the current Dragon God’s evaluation of the previous Dragon God who had left behind the will statue, the Sea Dragon King was stunned, but it seemed that it really made sense.

There was no rule that forced the Dragon God to leave a will statue in the Dragon God Ruins. For example, the current Dragon God didn’t carve her own stone statue.

However, these wills looked really handsome.

The Sea Dragon King sighed.

When it first came to the Dragon God Ruins, it had almost looked at them one by one, and its knowledge increased.

In its opinion, the Dragon God represented by every stone statue here was stronger than its master’s black dragon.

At the thought of this, the Sea Dragon King gritted its teeth. It was clearly not much worse than the black dragon.

In the end, because it wasn’t a female… and because the Divine Feather Butterfly wasn’t a female, it wasn’t contracted.

When remembering that the nine pets Lin Feng had contracted were all female, the Sea Dragon King felt a wave of hatred. Why wasn’t it a female? Why did Beast Tamers still favor girls over boys?

“Senior Dragon God, why is there a broken Dragon God statue there?”

As Shi Yu observed, he suddenly discovered a blind spot and saw the statue of the Dragon God’s will that had been smashed into pieces.

“That?” The Dragon God looked over and said, “That’s the statue of the previous Dragon God. I didn’t like it much, so I smashed it.”

Shi Yu, Buggy, and Ice Dragon : “…”

“Next, the Dragon God Ruins will be open to you. If you have needs, you can come at any time. Unfortunately, your pet is not a totem and can’t enter the interior of the ruins space. Otherwise, you can gain more. Forget it.”

The Dragon God said, “Senior Ice Dragon is at the totem level and can enter the interior of the ruins to accept the trial of the ruins.”

“As for you and this butterfly, you should visualize these statues of the Dragon God’s will outside. However, although they’re just dead things, the ones who left them are, after all, the previous Dragon Gods. Your pet’s strength is still too weak. During the visualization process, it might cause a huge burden on its body and mind, so be mentally prepared. Of course, if you can successfully visualize them, it should have a good effect on its will tempering.”

“Wu?!”

What!

When it heard that visualizing the statue of the Dragon God’s will had side effects that could also temper the will, Buggy’s eyes immediately lit up.

There was such a good thing?

Not only could it train the Dragon of Imagination skill, but it could also train the overlord’s will. This was a win-win situation!

“Yes, I’ll make it pay attention,” Shi Yu replied.

At the same time.

Ice Dragon asked eagerly, “Lord Dragon God, can I just go directly to the trial of the Dragon God Ruins?”

“Didn’t the Sea Dragon King say before that there was a need to carry out some joining ceremony? It only joined after swearing in the ruins under the witness of you and the many Dragon Kings.”

The Dragon God said, “Forget about formalism, just go in. When the time comes, let the Sea Dragon King inform the various Dragon Kings and let them know.”

“Ah, this.” Ice Dragon didn’t expect it to be so simple.

“Alright.” Seeing that the Dragon God was so casual, the Sea Dragon King nodded speechlessly. Speaking of which, the last time it joined Dragon Palace City, the Dragon God seemed to have only sent a clone to deal with it. In any case, it felt that it didn’t look like its real body.

“That’s all I have to say.” After instructing, the Dragon God looked at the Dragon God Ruins and then at Shi Yu. She didn’t continue speaking. After taking two slow steps, he disappeared in front of everyone.

Seeing this, the Sea Dragon King revealed an envious gaze at Shi Yu.

“I think the Dragon God Island and the Dragon God Ruins can only be accessed if you pass through Lord Dragon God’s chambers. Generally, without special circumstances, even the Dragon Kings can’t come over casually. You’re very lucky. You’re one of the few humans who came to the Dragon God Ruins, and you can actually come over to visualize the Will statues of the Dragon Gods. With its skill, maybe you can really have a big harvest. The Dragon God’s judgment is definitely not wrong.”

“Has anyone else been here?” Shi Yu asked curiously.

“I heard that the Dragon Emperor also came a thousand years ago. I’m not sure about the ones before and after. In short, you have to grasp this opportunity.” The Sea Dragon King’s gaze was complicated. It didn’t expect that Shi Yu could actually be thought of highly by the Dragon God.

Therefore, in the end, it was its son who wasn’t worthy of Shi Yu?

After all, it would be fine if Shi Yu only had one outstanding pet, Susu. The key was that every one of them was so outstanding.

The Sea Dragon King sighed.

“By the way, it’s about what was mentioned last time. Senior Ice Dragon, after you enter the interior of the ruins, you can carefully search for the will of the Sea Serpent Dragon. Inside the ruins, at some special checkpoints, most of the Dragon Gods also left traces of their own existence.”

“Ah, alright.” Ice Dragon nodded and looked at Shi Yu and Buggy.

“But you guys are visualizing this now, so you shouldn’t be in a hurry to find clues related to the dragon ball, right?”

“There’s no hurry,” Shi Yu replied. “That’s good!” Ice Dragon said. “Cough, I think I should prepare to go to the Dragon God Ruins again. I’m not ready yet.”

After all, it was a trial-type ruin. Although it could have huge gains, it was probably not simple. The Ice Dragon planned to stabilize itself and recuperate for a while. At least, it could stabilize its totem power first. After all, it had just broken through not long ago.

“Then can we start…”

At this moment, Shi Yu rubbed his fists. He wondered if observing the will statues of the previous Dragon Gods could let Buggy’s will reach medium willpower.

If possible, he would really make a killing.

“Wu!!! (Perfect proficiency, evolution into a dragon!)” Buggy shouted in anticipation. It still felt that the butterfly’s body was too weak and needed to evolve again.

You have a lot of ideas… Shi Yu curled his lips.

However…

Its body strength was inferior to Eleven, its life force was inferior to Baby Ginseng, and it couldn’t become stronger like Chi Tong. Its affinity for the power of nature was also inferior to an elemental life form like Susu. The worm-type creatures were indeed miserable, and it was at the extreme opposite of the dragon race.

Generally speaking, when bugs had the advantage in nature, they basically used the worm sea strategy and relied on numbers to win.

However, although that was the case, Shi Yu still reminded Buggy.

“Proficiency is secondary, and evolution into a dragon is also secondary. What you need to do is train your willpower. As long as your willpower is strong enough, your race can be ignored. Even if you’re still a green worm, you can still kill dragons.”

“In short, although these Dragon Gods are strong, you don’t have to pursue imitating their power too much. After visualizing their power, just strive to walk your own path. Strong will is the foundation.”

As long as it had the overlord’s will… Once the super skill was maxed out, the Green Silkworm could also become a demigod.

Or myth.

At that time, a strand of silk could instantly kill everything

“In short, give yourself the thought that even if you’re a Green Silkworm, you can defeat the Dragon God and visualize it,” Shi Yu said telepathically.

“Wu!!” Buggy was shocked. It sounded good, but was this scientific?

Forget it, Shi Yu wasn’t scientific in the first place. It was definitely right to listen to Shi Yu.

Three days later.

As they had to wait for Shi Yu, after the Dragon Palace banquet ended, Tyrannical Sea Legend and the others had yet to leave Dragon Palace City.

This also gave Yin Zhengfan and the others more time to find their favorite pet.

At this stage, apart from White Brook, all the young people who came to Dragon Palace City had contracted their favorite pets. It wasn’t that the beast-eared girl didn’t have a chance, but she was actually still thinking about the Iron-eating Beast. It was mainly because she had a water-type pet. Compared to another one, White Brook still liked the Nine Li Battle Beast and wanted to be a panda mother.

“What exactly did Shi Yu do?”

After basically everyone contracted their pets, Yu Shu and the others began to do nothing on Green Sky Island. They wanted to know what exactly Shi Yu had been pulled by the Dragon God for.

At the thought that not only could Shi Yu be chosen by Ice Dragon, but he could also be chosen by the Dragon God now, they were envious and jealous.

Green Sky Island.

The few people who were free often fought in pairs.

For example, Yu Shu went against Yin Zhengfan and fought several times in the past two days.

After subduing the new dragon pet and awakening a super skill, Yu Shu’s battle power increased greatly.

He naturally wanted to challenge this young genius who he couldn’t defeat in the vocation assessment again.

As for Shi Yu, he had completely given up on chasing after him.

“Yo, you guys are dueling?”

Boom!

On the arena, Yu Shu’s Ancient Sea Horse and Yin Zhengfan’s desert monarch were colliding. At this moment, a figure suddenly appeared nearby through Instant Transmission. Shi Yu and the worm on his shoulder looked at Yu Shu and Yin Zhengfan in the battle.

“Shi Yu?”

“Shi Yu…”

Seeing Shi Yu suddenly appear after disappearing for three days, Yu Shu and Yin Zhengfan were stunned. Yu Shu almost subconsciously said, “Why were you called by the Dragon God?”

Shi Yu scratched his cheek. Was this something he could tell him casually?

“The Dragon God saw that I bullied the younger generation of Dragon Palace City too ruthlessly and called me over to beat me up.”

“Wu!!” Buggy cried. The past Dragon Gods had beaten it up.

“Huh?”

Upon hearing Shi Yu’s words, Yu Shu and Yin Zhengfan were stunned.

No one would believe Shi Yu!

They looked at Shi Yu’s smile. How could he smile so brightly after being beaten??

“Eh, you’re back!”

Not long after Shi Yu returned to Clear Sky Island, the gem cat also ran over with an Instant Transmission.

It wasn’t very puzzled. It and the Tyrannical Sea Legend had already known what Shi Yu was doing through the ice dragon.

“How is it?” The gem cat asked about Shi Yu.

“Thinking about it… is much harder than we imagined. It might have to digest for a while before continuing. We plan to prepare for the National League first.” Shi Yu scratched his head and smiled.

“I see. Alright, let’s go back.” The gem cat nodded. It had indeed stayed in Dragon Palace City for a long time. It was tired of eating fish. Ugh.

However, it was quite a pity to leave now. Ice Dragon, this good sister, was too slow. The gem cat still wanted to wait for it to see if Ice Dragon could take out some legendary gemstones from the Dragon God Ruins. In the end, Ice Dragon didn’t dare to enter the Dragon God Ruins after a long time. Where was its breakthrough opportunity…