Chapter 311 - The Next Generation Of Dragon Palace City (1)

Chapter 311 The Next Generation of Dragon Palace City (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

However, for some powerful creatures, because they had trained the proficiency of various skills to an extremely high level when they were at the commander rank, their microscopic control of energy might be even more proficient than monarch-level creatures. Because such creatures were too genius, they could use the perfect energy control to slow down or even stop the microscopic energy in their bodies to integrate and strengthen the basic units of the body, thereby achieving the pressure effect.

Apart from that, it was very difficult to suppress it. It might have to rely on contracts and other methods to restrict its growth.

In the Sea Dragon King’s eyes, Shi Yu’s Beast Taming level was enough, and the strength of the pets like the Butterfly of Imagination was also enough, but they had yet to break through to the monarch level. They were definitely suppressing their levels. That Iron-eating Beast must have experienced similar stages. Only through this method could the Iron-eating Beast’s strength be so ridiculous.

In fact, the Sea Dragon King’s judgment was also right. Before Eleven broke through to the monarch level, all the skills, be it racial skills or teaching skills, apart from super skills, were basically at the maximum proficiency. Its control over energy was completely incomparable to creatures of the same level, so it naturally easily held back its power to a low level.

In fact, during the breakthrough, it would also rely on its powerful energy control. Not only would it use the energy in its body to change its body, but it also borrowed the power of the natural heavenly lightning to strengthen its body. If not for its exaggerated lightning control, it definitely wouldn’t be able to achieve such a breakthrough that exceeded the limit.

“Huh???”

At the same time, when it heard that its father wanted it to accept the test too and enter the Environmental Protection Department openly, the little white dragon’s face immediately fell.

Many overlords also looked at the little white dragon.

The White Azure Dragon was one of the commander-level dragons in Dragon Palace City. Creatures like flood sharks were completely unable to defeat the little white dragon.

Perhaps… the little white dragon had a chance…?

“It’s inferior to me at the same level. If I pass the test, it won’t look good!” However, the Thunder Dragon Crown Prince knew in its heart.

Moreover, the little white dragon’s response confirmed the second prince’s words.

“I think I should stay out of it…” The White Dragon looked at the Sea Dragon King with a bitter expression. At the same time, it looked at Eleven, Chi Tong, Buggy, and Baby Ginseng.

It couldn’t tell its father that they had met and fought before… Just the deterrence skill alone was enough to scare it silly. It originally thought that it was very impressive for it to train its dragon might to perfection at the commander level, although it had used a pile of resources.

But these four guys were all transcendent-level deterrence. It was very ridiculous, alright!!!

It estimated that in Dragon Palace City, there were definitely less than 20 people who had mastered transcendent deterrence, including nine totems!

What was it supposed to do?! None of Shi Yu’s pets were simple.

“Actually… I’ve interacted with Senior Shi Yu’s pet before. I… might not be his match. Haha… Ha…” The little white dragon said awkwardly.

It didn’t tell its family about being fished up and beaten up at all…

Sea Dragon King: “?”

“Huh???” The Sea Dragon King widened its eyes and looked at the little white dragon. “You’ve come into contact with it??”

“Which one?”

“All, all…” The little white dragon said in embarrassment. In any case, it didn’t want to fight again here. It would directly admit defeat. It wasn’t like it didn’t see what the Second Prince was like. When the time came, it would directly be insta-killed by a deterrence. It would be even more awkward.

As the little white dragon finished speaking, everyone fell silent. Many sea beasts looked at the little white dragon in disbelief and at the butterfly, Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong. Did the Third Prince mean that its strength was inferior to every pet here??

How was this possible!!!

It was a son of two totems! It couldn’t defeat a supplement? As a divine dragon, it couldn’t defeat a worm?

“Cough, cough. Third Prince, you’re too polite. It was also very difficult for them to win back then.” Seeing the little white dragon directly self-destruct in a silly manner, Shi Yu was also embarrassed. Was it stupid? If it didn’t care about looking good then its father did! He quickly made it look better.

“No, no,” the little white dragon said guiltily. “In any case, I’ve already fought. I’m indeed a little inferior to the standard of a core member. Why don’t I start from an ordinary member? After all, even the ‘invincible second prince with strength, talent, and potential to dominate Dragon Palace City’ is an ordinary member.”

The Primordial Lightning Dragon: “?”

The Sea Dragon King was silent for a moment. Below, the gem cat’s expression was the most strange.

Alright.

At this moment, as the Sea Dragon King and the little white dragon self-destructed, the commander-level sea beast below who wanted to become a core member and obtain the Time Fruit felt even weaker.

It was cold.

At the same time, countless commander-level sea beasts began to panic. Their gazes kept jumping on Buggy, Chi Tong, Baby Ginseng, and the Slime. For a moment, they actually had difficulty choosing!

Which one… should they choose?

It was not easy to choose at all!

Obviously, at this speed, the recruitment of the Environmental Protection Department might take a long time. After all, there were too many sea beasts who wanted to join. Shi Yu scratched his cheek and thought for a moment before saying with a smile, “Why don’t the next recruitment of the Environmental Protection Department be carried out in an independent space? Those who are willing, come here to queue for the assessment. It won’t delay everyone’s banquet time. You can come over at any time during the entire Dragon Palace banquet stage.”

Then, Shi Yu waved his hand, and a spatial ripple appeared below. This was a spatial portal to the ruins space of Shi Yu. Next, he planned to slowly give these sea beasts a test in the ruins. For this test, he had gotten Baby Ginseng to prepare supplements for a long time in advance. The goal was to let Buggy and the others fight for a few days and nights to sharpen their will.

Although there might not be a life-and-death battle, apart from the overlord will, the other stages of will, such as low and intermediate will, didn’t have such high requirements. The confidence of victory accumulated from fighting thousands of sea beasts for several days would definitely be able to help their will increase.

Usually, they underwent various difficult training. Now, it was time to sublimate their willpower through continuous victories.

“Alright…” The Sea Dragon King agreed to this. Many monarch-level sea beasts and commander-level sea beasts also sighed softly when they saw this.

Great!!! There was no need to be beaten in front of so many big shots. Good, good, good!

If it was a test in a private space, it was alright to die.

As Shi Yu made a decision, the Thunder Dragon Crown Prince, the young Wyrm Shark, and the others revealed bitter expressions. Holy shit, why didn’t he make this decision earlier? Why did they have to do this!!

Then, under the strange expressions of most sea beasts and under the silent gazes of Yin Zhengfan and the others, the Dragon Palace Banquet and the Environmental Protection Department began to move in sync. However, no matter how one looked at it, this Dragon Palace banquet still changed.

In the outside world, the Dragon Palace banquet was in full swing.

However, from time to time, there would be overlord cubs that walked out of the testing space almost suspiciously.

“Freak, a freak, what the hell… Wuwuwu, that butterfly can summon the illusions of the Ice Dragon King and the Sea Dragon King!!”

“What, it even used an illusion to hit you? I was directly insta-killed by Psychic power.”

“Ahhh, the ginseng baby I chose is the strange one. It insta-killed me with one deterrence.”

“Why did I receive a fruit that would explode! I thought it could be eaten, but it exploded in my mouth! My teeth!”

“That sword spirit is clearly the most ridiculous, alright? It can also expand. At the start of the battle, I realized that the other party wasn’t to be trifled with, so I quickly retreated 39 meters. It directly turned it into a 40-meter-long sword and cut me down!”

“Ah, I’m dead. Yours was a 40-meter long sword. It hit me and directly separated 100 clones. The clones will even become phoenixes… Do you know what despair is?”

“Wu Wu Wu Wu, I was punched to the ground by Minister Shi Yu…”

Many sea beasts surprisingly discovered that everyone had lost, and it was not so awkward anymore. They even discussed how they had lasted for a few seconds and actually became the capital for the sea beasts in Dragon Palace City to show off. In the outside world, many overlords looked at the Dragon Palace banquet that was gradually becoming ridiculous with the discussion and fell into deep thought. They kept feeling that the next generation of Dragon Palace City was going to collapse.

Three days later! A human figure with dragon horns floated in the sky above the Dragon Banquet Island. When it arrived, the Sea Dragon King, the Ice Dragon King, and the other totems didn’t sense anything

The Dragon God of the Dragon Palace City listened to the discussion of the next generation at the Dragon Palace banquet in silence and fell into deep thought.