Chapter 314 - Black Hand From The Mythical Era

Chapter 314 Black Hand from the Mythical Era

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“This, this, this, this.”

After the Dragon God finished speaking, the Ice Dragon King and the Sea Dragon King were shocked.

Especially Ice Dragon.

No wonder the Dragon God suddenly asked if Emperor Shi had transmigrated.

So the Dragon God also wanted to transmigrate through time?

A thousand years ago? It seemed to be the node for the rise of the Dragon Emperor after the collapse of the empress dynasty and hundreds of years of chaos?

“This…”

Shi Yu also completely didn’t expect that the Dragon God wanted him to stay behind because she wanted to entrust him to help crack the ruins.

Almost instantly, Shi Yu recalled the gossip between Teacher Cat and him that day.

The Dragon God was Dragon Emperor Long Qingyun’s soulmate.

However, both parties couldn’t be together due to race and other reasons.

After that, the Dragon God, who was a divine dragon of the Heavenly Sea, even began to study its bloodline in a bid to change its race. In the end, it evolved into a humanoid dragon-type dragon life dragon girl.

However, although the Dragon God succeeded, the Dragon Emperor died for some reason.

Could it be that the Dragon God wanted to return to a thousand years ago to find the Dragon Emperor?

Shi Yu immediately imagined love that crossed a thousand years in his mind.

How nice.

Shi Yu immediately felt speechless.

“If it’s to explore ruins, I might be able to give it a try.”

“However, I can’t guarantee success…”

The spatial ruin mentioned by the Dragon God should be a Mythical ruin.

The Blue Sea Sprite could already be considered high-level in the Blue Sea Ruins transmitted from the various seas of the blue planet. As for the Mythical Ruins, their levels were even higher.

They were all ruins left behind from the Mythical Era. They weren’t that easy to come into contact with.

“It’s alright. After failing for so long, I don’t mind failing again. In any case, I don’t have much confidence in you,” the Dragon God said.

Shi Yu: “?”

This person also knew how to goad people?

Go to the ruins yourself.

“Can I take the liberty to ask what you want to do when you return to a thousand years ago?”

Shi Yu couldn’t suppress his curiosity and asked.

If she only went to date, Shi Yu felt that cracking this ruin would be very boring.

The Dragon God glanced at Shi Yu and said, “I want to do something.”

Everyone : “…”

Who didn’t know that it was to do something? What else could it be, tourism?

“I want to verify something. I want to kill a certain Mythical life form.”

The green and white dragon ball on her forehead lit up, and her beautiful hair fluttered.

As soon as she finished speaking, Sea Dragon and Ice Dragon were shocked.

Shi Yu was also shocked.

Wasn’t she going to date?

“Mythical life form? Could it be that there are still living Mythical lives?” Shi Yu hurriedly asked. When it came to Mythical life forms, including the previous Time Sprite, he was instantly not sleepy.

This was much more exciting than the Dragon Emperor’s love history. “To be precise, it’s a Mythical remnant soul.”

The Dragon God said calmly.

“Ah.”

“Wuu?”

“Myth?”

The Sea Dragon King, Ice Dragon, and Shi Yu immediately turned into spectators.

“Before Long Qingyun rose, he had once obtained the recognition of a dragon mythical ruin. He also relied on this mythical ruin to lead to the legendary domain.”

Shi Yu and the others knew about the description of the Dragon God.

In history, the Dragon Emperor was completely known as the Son of Luck. It was said that he had endless good luck in his life.

In the beginning, this Dragon Tribe Mythical Ruins was the start of all good luck.

This ruin made him grow into a legendary emperor comparable to Emperor Shi, Emperor Wu, and the empress as an ordinary person with a very common strengthening talent.

After all, Emperor Shi’s time talent, the top-notch fusion talent of Emperor Wu, and the empress’s phoenix bloodline were all top-notch powers. However, the Dragon Emperor was different. His strengthening talent was too common. Even in the Icefield High School where Shi Yu graduated, there were many types.

Without special luck, it was indeed very difficult for such a Beast Taming Talent to grow into a legendary Beast Tamer.

Of course, it was very difficult for powerful talent to grow without a certain amount of luck. For example, although the first-generation principal of the Imperial Capital University also had a time talent, in the end, he only cultivated the Prediction Owl…

“He is indeed a person with great luck, but this luck also has a price.”

“In this Mythical Ruins, a dragon soul from the Mythical Era is sleeping.”

The Dragon God said, “The Mythical Ruins only acknowledged Long Qingyun as their master under the interference of this dragon soul.”

“And the goal is to use Long Qingyun’s power to nurture dragon sacrifices to revive it.”

“The Dragon Emperor and his nine Great Beasts you mentioned died under the possession of the dragon soul.”

After the Dragon God finished speaking, the Sea Dragon King and the Ice Dragon opened their mouths wide. This was the first time they knew such a thing.

After all, the legend didn’t record the cause of the Dragon Emperor’s death at all.

“Where’s that dragon soul?” Shi Yu asked.

The Dragon God said, “It’s what I want to verify. Long Qingyun discovered a certain conspiracy hidden in this Mythical Ruins a long time ago, so he wasn’t surprised by the arrival of this day. He even made many preparations.”

“Why did you still use this Mythical Ruins when you discovered it early and nurture pets according to the resources and information provided by the ruins?” Ice Dragon asked.

The Dragon God said, “He said that even if this power was destined to have a price, he had a reason to use this power in that totem world. Otherwise, with his own power, he couldn’t end the totem world at that time.”

“After realizing the possibility of the mastermind behind the Mythical Ruins, he was already prepared to deal with all changes.”