Chapter 312 - The Dragon God Is Here

Chapter 312 The Dragon God Is Here

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

In Shi Yu’s ruins space.

After fighting for three days and three nights, Shi Yu and the others had already killed countless sea beasts.

During this period, countless sea beasts entered.

Among them, the commander-level test of Buggy, Chi Tong, and Baby Ginseng was relatively easy. No sea beast could force them to use their full strength.

Shi Yu easily won the tests below the transcendent level.

The only ones who felt a little uncomfortable were Susu and Eleven.

Some commander-level sea beasts… Susu had to rely on the power of the Time Fruit to win. Although the power activated each time was not much, it was very tiring to be unable to withstand it many times.

As for Eleven, it was purely because it had encountered too many powerful sea beasts.

Under commander rank, no matter how strong it was, it wouldn’t be that strong. It basically hadn’t cultivated super skills.

However, the upper and lower limit of monarch-level sea beasts was too big.

Some monarch-level sea beasts had just broken through. Their super racial skill proficiency was only at entry level, proficient, or just proficient. They were very weak. However, some monarch-level sea beasts couldn’t be said to be the younger generation.

They had already trained their super skills to an extremely close to perfect proficiency. They were just short of breaking through to the overlord level.

If the skill proficiency was divided into numbers, entry level was 1, proficiency was 2, expert level was 4, and perfection was 16. The closer a super racial skill was to a perfect monarch, the more terrifying its strength would be. It might be several times the battle power of a weaker monarch.

There was basically no weak sea beast like this, so every time they fought, Eleven had to explode and explode.

Compared to Buggy and the others who could easily deal with the test, Eleven was simply teary-eyed. It would overload every time. After three days, even if Shi Yu had prepared a bunch of recovery methods in advance, it was straining.

Fortunately, most of the sea beasts here were water-element, and they were still countered by Eleven. Moreover, no Beast Tamer gave them strengthening talent. Otherwise, it would be really difficult for Eleven to maintain a perfect victory.

Therefore, Eleven should be the one to collect the most gains this time.

It was mainly because Eleven had yet to reach the peak of the monarch level. The proficiency of super skills was still not high, and it wasn’t even proficient yet, so there was still a lot of room for growth.

It purely relied on high-level races+a pile of low-level, mid-level, and high-level racial skills to survive. The battle experience gained this time was not something Buggy and the others could compare to.

“Uh.”

“No more?”

In the ruins space, after sending away another Red Prawn, Shi Yu and the others waited for the next candidate.

However, a minute passed this time. No next candidate came in for a long time. Shi Yu calculated the time.

It had been three days, and the Dragon Palace banquet was almost over. Although it was tiring this time, the gains were indeed not small.

Among the sea beasts that entered, Shi Yu even discovered three sea beasts that had mastered the overlord’s will!!

Unfortunately, these three had all reached the monarch level. Otherwise, if it was a transcendent or even a commander rank, he would definitely directly abduct it. It would be a second team. Shi Yu had long started to have the intention of nurturing the second team.

But thinking about it carefully, apart from a will reincarnation like Susu, it was indeed not easy to master the overlord’s will at a low level.

Below the monarch level, the highest batch of wills Shi Yu had seen was only medium-level. He had never encountered anyone with overlord will.

On the other hand, among the group of ocean overlords in Dragon Palace City, there were several overlord-level sea beasts with overlord will.

It seemed that the will of the Dragon mom and the gem cat was indeed on the side that was weaker.

“There’s really no one else,” Shi Yu muttered. Eleven, Baby Ginseng, and the others shrunk and rested.

So be it. However, what was with this overly quiet and oppressive atmosphere…

“I’ll go out and take a look,” Shi Yu shouted at Eleven and the others before leaving the ruins space.

At the Dragon Palace banquet venue.

Shi Yu had just come out when he suddenly fell silent.

Because he suddenly realized that the outside world seemed to be equally silent.

Although most of the ocean forces were still around, every life form seemed to be looking at the sky in awe, not daring to breathe.

Even the Sea Dragon King totem looked at the sky with respect. Shi Yu also subconsciously looked over and saw a humanoid figure in an ancient white dress.

She had fair skin and dazzling white hair that naturally fell down, like a sparkling sea waterfall under the light. Her expression was emotionless, as if she was a high and mighty god overlooking everyone. When Shi Yu saw the complicated white dragon horns on her head and the green and white dragon ball the size of a glass ball on her forehead, his heart immediately skipped a beat. He understood why no one suddenly went in to take the test. “Lord Dragon God!!! You’re finally awake!!!”

Upon seeing this, the Sea Dragon King’s expression turned to joy.

At the side, the ice dragon was a little silent with an obedient expression. Although it was a senior and might even have more experience than the Dragon God of Dragon Palace City, this was a world where strength was respected. Facing the Sea Dragon King and the others, it could still pretend, but facing a half-god, a powerful existence who controlled Dragon Palace City, it couldn’t not be obedient. Half-gods fighting ordinary totems was like a mother fighting her daughter.

Demigod, yes, it was the legendary Beast Tamers in history.

As for ordinary totems, they were labeled Titled Legends. The two were not of the same level.

Emperor Wu contracted nine totems with pretty good strength, and together with their top-notch Fusion Talent, although it could suppress a half-god like Yun An, it was still beaten by the other party in the end. From this, one could see the power of a half-god.