Chapter 313 - The Dragon God Is Here (1)

Chapter 313 The Dragon God Is Here (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Yes.” The Dragon Palace City’s Dragon God floated in midair. Not only did it attract the attention of all the sea beasts, but it also shocked and silenced Yu Shu and the others in the human area.

Shit, shit, shit. Wasn’t the Dragon Palace banquet usually presided over only by a totem? Why, why did the Dragon God of Dragon Palace City run out! They glanced at Shi Yu, who had also just come out of the ruins, and immediately felt a chill in their hearts. Could it be that Shi Yu had caused a huge commotion at the Dragon Palace banquet and woke the Dragon God? Ah, it was over. Shi Yu was going to die…

Similarly, the gem cat, who was calling a group of overlords sisters and eating and drinking, was also guilty for a moment when it saw the appearance of the Dragon Palace City’s Dragon God. After all, it had just finished gossiping about the relationship history of the Dragon God with Shi Yu.

“Lord Dragon God!!”

After the Sea Dragon King finished greeting, countless sea beasts spoke respectfully. Many devout believers knelt down to worship. In the face of these voices, the Dragon God in the form of a Dragoness did not pay too much attention. Instead, she looked at Shi Yu, who had just come out of the ruins.

Shi Yu : “…”

“Is the Dragon Palace banquet over?” The Dragon God’s gaze stopped on Shi Yu for a moment before she asked the Sea Dragon King.

“It’s over!” the Sea Dragon King immediately said.

Even if it wasn’t over, it was over now.

Listening to the Dragon God’s instructions was the most important.

“Well, then let them go back and reflect on themselves,” the Dragon God said.

Many sea overlords were shocked.

The expressions of the Dragon Palace City elites who were discussing how they had lasted for a few seconds in Shi Yu’s hands gradually froze.

Holy shit.

The Dragon God… When did she come!

What did she hear!

Many heirs of Dragon Palace City’s overlord couldn’t sit still.

[Apart from that human and the Ice Dragon Totem, everyone else, disperse.]

“Then, let’s get down to business.” After instructing the Sea Dragon King, she looked at the frost dragon. There had to be something important for the Dragon Kings to awaken the Dragon God in seclusion. The reason why she was awakened this time was because of the Blue Sea Sprite Reincarnation Body and the addition of the Ice Dragon Totem.

In her eyes, the Dragon Palace banquet was not important at all.

In fact, the reincarnation of the Blue Sea Sprite was not important in the eyes of the Dragon God.

She looked at the Ice Dragon. At the moment, what concerned her the most was the Ice Dragon Totem that followed the Time Emperor.

Ice Dragon: “Huh?” (*

*)***

“Yes!!”

Upon hearing the Dragon God’s instructions, the Sea Dragon King immediately glared at the many ocean overlords. These ocean overlords directly took their leave listlessly.

(Tyrannical Sea, you should leave with them first.]

[Ice Dragon and I will take care of Shi Yu.)

(The Dragon God must have something to say to him.) Upon hearing the Sea Dragon King’s telepathy, the Tyrannical Sea Legend was expressionless and didn’t say anything. Since the Dragon God didn’t plan to let him stay, he would take Yu Shu and the others back to Heaven Green Island.

As for whether Shi Yu would be in any danger, he shouldn’t be. After all, in the subsequent totem battles, the Dragon God was an ally who helped Dong Huang. If it weren’t for the Dragon God, even if Dong Huang still existed, it wouldn’t have grown so smoothly. It could be said that the significance of the Dragon God to Dong Huang far exceeded that of any titled legend.

A moment later, only the Dragon God, the Sea Dragon King, the Ice Dragon, and Shi Yu were left on the huge Dragon Banquet Island.

The gem cat also left with the Tyrannical Sea Legend and the others.

On the island, Shi Yu sensed the awkward atmosphere and thought about how to cozy up to Senior Dragon God.

After all, this person could be said to be the top big boss and rich lady in the entire Blue Planet.

A ceiling-level figure!

Shi Yu thought for a moment. Perhaps among the women he knew, only the legend leader in Tingxiang the one in the seven islands could compare! “Lord Dragon God, do you want to see Lord Blue Sea Sprite’s reincarnation?”

The Sea Dragon King asked the Dragon God.

The Dragon God glanced at Shi Yu and shook her head. “We’ll talk about the Blue Sea Sprite Reincarnation later. I’ll leave it to you to nurture it. There’s no need to ask for my opinion if the Abyss Sea doesn’t come out.”

“Yes!” the Sea Dragon King immediately said. It knew that the Dragon God would respond this way.

Since controlling the Dragon Palace City, apart from cultivation, this Dragon God basically didn’t care about the affairs of the Dragon Palace City.

Now, as expected, even the reincarnation of the Blue Sea Sprite didn’t matter much.

However, those overlord heirs could actually make the Dragon God rebuke them and reflect. Looks like their negative energy made the Dragon God speechless… The Sea Dragon King muttered in its heart.

“Senior Ice Dragon.”

After speaking to the Sea Dragon King, the Dragon God looked at the Ice Dragon. This honorific melted the ice and snow on the Ice Dragon’s body. The Ice Dragon hurriedly smiled in embarrassment and said, “Lord Dragon God is too polite, too polite. I can’t be called a senior…”

“I heard that you followed the Time Emperor. Is that true?”

The ice dragon’s heart skipped a beat. It cursed Shi Yu for digging a hole for it. It said, “Sort of. I have indeed fought a few battles with Emperor Shi, but most of the time, it’s protecting the number one general under Emperor Shi, the Ice Dragon General Mu Huiyin.”

The Dragon God smiled and said, “I’ve heard that Emperor Shi used the power of the Space-time Dragon Vein to travel through time to the totem era tens of thousands of years ago. I wonder if it’s true.”

“Ah, this…” Ice Dragon was stunned. It, it didn’t know. Where did she hear about this?

Even if there was, it was probably after they retired and went home… In any case, during the totem battle, Emperor Shi had basically been fighting Beside him, Shi Yu was also at a loss. Emperor Shi had transmigrated through time and gone to the totem era??

“This, I’ve indeed never heard of it, but Emperor Shi has studied the past and the future. This indeed exists!!”

“Is that so?” The Dragon God couldn’t help but show a regretful expression when she heard that Ice Dragon didn’t know either.

At this moment, Shi Yu was still wondering why the Dragon God kept him here since she didn’t care about the Blue Sea Sprite.

However, in the next moment, he understood. The Dragon God then turned to Shi Yu and said, “Are you very knowledgeable about the cracking of the ruins space?” Shi Yu: “This… Sort of. I’ve indeed cracked a few ruins spaces.”

The Dragon God nodded and said, “Since ancient times, you’re the first human to be able to communicate with the Blue Sea Ruins. Human, I want to entrust you with something to help me do.”

“What is it?” Shi Yu was stunned.

“I know of a spatial dragon vein. Legend has it that the spatial dragon vein is the habitat of the Mythical creature, the Time Sprite. Every spatial dragon vein has a spatial ruin that has the power to transcend time. I want you to help me find and crack the spatial ruins.”

The Dragon God looked at Shi Yu and said, “I want to use the power of the Space-time Dragon Vein to return to 1,000 years ago.”