Chapter 315 - Black Hand From The Mythical Era (1)

Chapter 315 Black Hand from the Mythical Era (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“In order to not affect the Dong Huang Dynasty that had just recovered peace, he even chose to deal with it alone.”

“I don’t know the final outcome. I only know that Long Qingyun died, but I can’t confirm the final outcome of that Mythical remnant soul.”

“Perhaps Long Qingyun killed it, or perhaps Long Qingyun sealed it again, or maybe it successfully escaped. But what’s certain is that the Mythical remnant soul didn’t successfully possess Long Qingyun and his pet. But no matter which it is, I want to personally return to the past to verify it.”

“At that time, I didn’t have the strength to assist him, but now, my strength should be stronger than any of his companions.”

After the Dragon God finished speaking, she observed Shi Yu again and said, “But your strength seems to be a little weak. With your current strength, without my protection, I’m afraid you can’t move freely in the power of the dragon vein.”

“Uh.”

“There’s still time. There’s a chaotic spatial tide in the core of the Space-time Dragon Vein. At this stage, even demigods can’t come into contact with it. It’s a forbidden zone for life. Only at a specific time will the spatial tide recover its stability. At that time, it’s the only chance to enter the core area of the Space-time Dragon Vein. Since you’ve agreed to explore the Space-time Dragon Vein with me, quickly increase your strength before you can enter.”

“It’s best to reach the Legendary level.”

“When the time is right, I’ll look for you.”

“Ah…” The current Shi Yu was like the group of little sharks that had been beaten up by him. He stopped thinking.

After hearing so much from the Dragon God, he suddenly calmed down and regretted a little.

Although exploring Mythical spatial ruins was a fatal attraction to Shi Yu, it did sound very dangerous.

He was a noob… Could he do this?

However, since it wasn’t a request for him to go right now, Shi Yu could still accept it.

At this moment, Ice Dragon and Sea Dragon were completely numb.

So that was how the Dragon Emperor, the Son of Destiny, died.

It turned out that the Mythical Ruins the Dragon Emperor had obtained had a remnant soul from the Mythical Era!

“Since you can torment Dragon Palace City to this state, it means that your talent potential is not bad.”

“Even the Blue Sea Sprite was contracted by you. With your potential, it should be very easy for you to become a legendary Beast Tamer.”

“Help me explore the spatial ruins. Whether it succeeds or not, I’ll pay you enough.”

“I can give you some help now to help you increase your realm as soon as possible.” “Sea Dragon King, in the report previously, you once said that a pet he contracted absorbed the Dragon God’s Dragon Ball,

right?”

“Yes,” replied the Sea Dragon King.

The Dragon God nodded and looked at Shi Yu. “If I didn’t hear wrongly before, your pet grasps the power of illusion. Moreover, it can also rely on various dragon-element power to strengthen itself.”

Before coming out, the Dragon God had heard a lot of descriptions of Buggy from the young cubs of Dragon Palace City.

For example, summoning an extremely realistic Ice Dragon Phantom.

For example, releasing dragon might at once.

For example, suddenly becoming a dragon.

Or perhaps it was still a butterfly form, but it had obtained the dragon attribute in an instant. Its physical fitness was even more terrifying than the dragon attribute.

Through these, it was not difficult for the Dragon God to determine that Buggy had mastered the power of illusions and could strengthen itself with the power of the Dragon of Imagination.

“Can you summon it and let me take a look?”

“Alright.” Shi Yu never expected that the first thing the Dragon God wanted to see was not Susu, but Buggy.

Shi Yu quickly summoned Buggy.

In the next moment, accompanied by an empty ripple, Buggy, which had shrunk to the size of a palm and was recovering its strength, appeared in the outside world.

After coming out, Buggy looked at the noble Dragon God and was immediately cautious, not daring to say a word.

It was a super big boss!

“Show me the ability you displayed to the Sea Dragon King back then.” The Dragon God looked at the little blue butterfly.

“Buggy,” Shi Yu instructed again.

“Wu!” Buggy immediately nodded.

In the next moment, a huge dragon-shaped body covered in blue and white dragon scales kept condensing, floating and circling behind Buggy!

“Roar…” Then, with a roar from the divine dragon, it instantly flew towards Buggy and fused into its body. At this moment, Buggy’s strength directly changed, and its aura increased greatly.

Skill: Dragon of Imagination

(Level]: Super level

< Introduction > It’s a combination of spiritual, spatial, and dragon skills. Through the power of imagination, it can transform its physique into the body of a divine dragon. It has true attributes, physique, energy, life force, and dragon might that are comparable to dragons. It’s an ability to compare to and surpass dragons.

“As expected…” At the same time, the Dragon God saw this scene and understood everything

Her white finger pointed at Buggy. In the next moment, Buggy immediately became huge. The divine dragon phantom on its body was ejected and wrapped around Buggy’s back again.

Buggy was shocked. Under its observation, the characteristics and colors of the divine dragon it imagined began to quickly disappear. Soon, it became an illusory divine dragon that was almost gray. After understanding the characteristics of this skill, the Dragon God said, “Not a bad skill. This is an evolution skill. Through the power of imagination, it simulates the power of the divine dragon and then transforms the power of the divine dragon into its own power.”

“When trained to perfection, it can evolve into a dragon and break through the limit of the skill. It will surpass the dragon and reach the extreme, walking its own path.”

The Dragon God’s words revealed the nature of the Dragon Skill of Imagination, making Shi Yu nod.

“The most important thing about this skill is to make up for its racial flaw through the racial merits of the dragons.”

“The imaginary divine dragon phantom core is equivalent to an empty shell. It’s extremely malleable. The process of increasing skill proficiency is the process of filling this shell through different divine dragon advantages. Its real training method shouldn’t be limited to one dragon for its imagination.”

“Even dragons have their own racial advantages according to their race. If you want to train this skill to the extreme, you have to imagine and absorb the merits of many dragons. The stronger and more divine dragons you visualize, the faster the skill proficiency increases, and the higher the upper limit of the skill you can reach.”

“It’s not much different from what I thought In that case, I’ll let you visualize the wills of the past Dragon Gods in the Dragon Palace City’s Dragon God Ruins.” The Dragon God made a decision.

When she finished speaking, the Sea Dragon King was shocked.

Shi Yu was also stunned.

The Dragon God continued, “If I remember correctly, compared to using cultivation resources to meditate, the fastest way for human Beast Tamers to increase their strength after stepping into your level should be to increase their own level through the increase in the strength of their pets. If you can visualize the figures of the past Dragon Gods, its path of advancement will be very clear and fast. In this way, under its lead, you can also guarantee that you can quickly advance to legendary.”

After the dragon’s words fell, at the side, Buggy was completely stunned. Then, it was even a little touched. Weren’t the generations of Dragon Gods in Dragon Palace City all demigod-level dragons? It… could it visualize them all?

If it imagined them, even if each illusion only had one ten-thousandth of their power, how strong would its Dragon of Imagination become!

At this moment, Buggy, who had returned to its junior position in the team, suddenly saw an incomparably dazzling path. If it weren’t for the Ice Dragon already, it would have to acknowledge another mother!