Chapter 319 - A Big Change In 100 Years (2)

Chapter 319 A Big Change in 100 Years (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“In short, it’s because of these things that we delayed a little. We might be busy next.” Legend Sea Tyrant looked at the two of them.

At this moment, Principal Feng and President Ye’s mouths were already agape. Their eyes were about to pop out as they looked at Tyrannical Sea Legend in disbelief.

“Holy shit,” they shouted in shock.

Their brains were a mess.

They suspected that the Tyrannical Sea Legend was talking nonsense.

This…

The Blue Sea Guardian that hadn’t appeared in 3,000 years had been contracted by Shi Yu?

Shi Yu cracked the Blue Sea Ruins?

And with this relationship, he had plotted against almost the entire Dragon Palace City and become the superior of many ocean overlords?

Wait, wait, it was a little messy!!!

Are you sure this isn’t another novel?

“Oh, there are also a few things. The Dragon God of Dragon Palace City saw Shi Yu and seemed to have reached some agreement with Shi Yu. I’m not sure about the specifics,” said the Tyrannical Sea Legend. “Apart from that, there’s also a mutated Poison Dragon Totem affected by the forbidden radiation that invaded the sea area of Dragon Palace City and was sealed by the Dragon Kings. Its power fluctuations are suspected to be from Yun An, and this Poison Dragon Totem is said to have come from the direction of the seven islands. Aren’t you guys looking for Yun An? Perhaps you can explore in that direction to see if you can gain anything.” “F*ck…”

At this moment, Principal Feng and President Ye were completely numb.

Dragon God?

Yun An?

Poison Dragon Totem?

Was the Dragon Palace banquet so explosive?

“I’ll take my time…”

“Damn, there’s been a lot of shocking news recently…” President Ye’s expression was messy.

“Why do I feel like a storm is brewing?”

“Did anything else happen recently?” Legend Sea Tyrant asked.

Principal Feng and President Ye, who had yet to recover from their shock, looked at each other.

Then, Principal Feng sighed.

“Too much.”

re

“The president has recently issued a notice to the thirteen bureaus. Look carefully, you should have received the news too.”

“The World Tree has awakened. Soon, a new World Tournament will begin in about a

year.”

Tyrannical Sea Legend was stunned.

World competition?

He took a deep breath, very surprised.

The World Tournament was a huge competition between young Beast Tamers under the age of 30.

The champion of the World Tournament would obtain the title of “World Legend” and the blessings of the World Tree. He would almost definitely become a legendary Beast Tamer.

However, the difficulty of this competition was also very terrifying. The title of world legend required the strongest legend under the age of 30. Basically, only legendary-level Beast Tamers under the age of 30 had the qualifications to fight for the championship title. If they didn’t reach the legendary level, they were equivalent to cannon fodder in the world competition.

Dong Huang’s last Beast Tamer, Lin Feng, who had obtained the title of “World Legend”, had obtained this title by consecutively defeating legendary elites under the age of 30 in the other six countries.

“In the entire Dong Huang, can there be five legendary Beast Tamers under the age of 30?” Tyrannical Sea Legend fell into deep thought.

“Regardless, it’s related to the blessings of the World Tree. We have to prepare for battle with all our might. There should still be a period of time. Geniuses like Lu Qingyi and Zou Yun who haven’t grown up will probably receive important support next.”

“Unfortunately, that kid, Shi Yu, might not be able to make it in time.” Principal Feng thought of Shi Yu, who had contracted five powerful overlord races. Shi Yu’s potential was completely not inferior to those super geniuses who became legends under the age of 30 in Dong Huang. He might even surpass them, but the date of the World Tournament was so uncertain. It would begin in a year. Although Shi Yu’s growth speed was already very fast, the hope of him becoming a legendary Beast Tamer in a year was almost zero.

Otherwise, this would almost definitely become a legendary opportunity. No matter what profession a Beast Tamer was, be it archeology or feeding, they were all very worth competing for. This competition concerned the fate of the country.

Until now, there had been no sign of the next legendary Beast Tamer appearing in Dong Huang. Therefore, this world competition was very important to Dong Huang, or to every country.

“This is indeed a big deal.” Legend Sea Tyrant fell into deep thought again.

Principal Feng smiled bitterly and said, “If that’s all, perhaps President Ye wouldn’t be so worried. It’s said that the rules of this World Tournament might be a little different from the previous ones.”

“Huh?”

“It’s said that the envoy of the World Tree of Initiation not only informed the seven-nation alliance, but also went to many totem countries. If I’m not wrong, this World Tournament might turn into a world battle to compete for the blessings of the World Tree, divided into multiple camps. Perhaps the human Beast Tamers of the totem countries can also participate. If that’s the case, it’s too chaotic. Indeed, the World Tree has never been just the guardian of the seven-nation alliance.”

As soon as Principal Feng finished speaking, the expression of the Tyrannical Sea Legend immediately changed. In history, the competition between the seven countries in the world competition was already tragic. If the totem faction joined, it would probably be impossible to end every battle without determining life and death. Just by listening, he could already imagine the tragic world battle scene.

“What do you think, President?” Legend Sea asked.

“The country will organize the Sequence Battle and choose ten young Beast Tamers under the age of 30 to participate in the World Tournament. Beast Tamers can freely register. If nothing goes wrong, this news will be announced soon. At that time, be it the National League or the Heavenly King Tournament, all the domestic competitions will become the foil for this competition. It’s said that in order to respond and publicize the World Tournament, there will also be some changes in the rules of the National League.”

“It’s indeed a storm that’s about to happen… Even a huge change that hasn’t happened in a hundred years.” The Tyrannical Sea Legend was solemn. The World Tree was the embodiment of the planet’s will. It was said that only when Blue Planet was threatened would it awaken. An existence that could be regarded as a threat by Blue Planet… Even a demigod had no right. As for the Blue Sea Sprite, it was the guardian of the sea. It also chose to follow humans at this time. Although the level of the Blue Sea Sprite was very far from the World Tree, when these things collided, it was indeed very easy for people to feel that a big event was about to happen.