Chapter 318 - A Big Change In 100 Years (1)

Chapter 318 A Big Change in 100 Years (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Ancient Sea Dragon.”

“Dragon Claw Battle Prawn.”

“Dragon-Eyed Jellyfish.”

Then, under Zheng Hai’s questioning, the others also mentioned what pet they had contracted.

However, after asking Shi Yu, Shi Yu immediately couldn’t answer Zheng Hai.

“Water Slime.”

Zheng Hai: “?”

He looked at the most talented Shi Yu among the few of them and was stunned. This was a super genius who researched the evolution of the Iron-eating Beast and the evolution of the Green Silkworm overlord race, but he contracted such a thing?

Even if he couldn’t obtain the recognition of an overlord race, he had to contract a quasi overlord dragon. Slimes were ridiculous.

“Although it’s a Slime, it’s still pretty strong. Sort of a mutant.”

Before Shi Yu could finish, Heavenly King Zou, Yu Shu, and the others hurriedly stopped him.

“Sect Master Zheng, don’t listen to him, Versailles. That thing can’t be called a Water Slime anymore. Have you seen a Water Slime that instantly killed the Third Crown Prince of Dragon Palace City, White Azure Dragon, and the shark of an overlord race!!”

Zheng Hai: “?”

Wait, wait?

At a private room on the beach.

Returning to the ground, the Tyrannical Sea Legend sorted out his gains in Dragon Palace City and took out a communication tool.

Dragon Palace City had no signal, so just as he took out his communication tool, Tyrannical Sea Legend saw many messages from Principal Feng and President Ye.

They were concerned about Shi Yu’s situation. After the Tyrannical Sea Legend returned, he would inform them first.

Initially, the Tyrannical Sea Legend was prepared to directly report the situation of Dragon Palace City to the Dong Huang chairman. However, when he saw Shi Yu’s two recommenders, especially since Shi Yu was an orphan, Principal Feng could be considered half an elder of Shi Yu. The Tyrannical Sea Legend still chose to explain the situation to them first.

He opened a group call and called Principal Feng and President Ye at the same time. A moment later, the two of them picked up.

A light screen popped up on the Tyrannical Sea Legend’s communication device. A three-dimensional holographic projection directly projected the half figure of Principal Feng and President Ye in mid-air.

“Legend of the Tyrannical Sea, you’re back? Did it go smoothly?”

After being called by the Tyrannical Sea Legend, Principal Feng and President Ye were stunned.

“It’s pretty smooth. Why did you send me so many messages?” Legend Sea Tyrant asked.

Principal Feng and President Ye’s projections looked at each other and smiled. “It’s already calmed down now. It’s not a big deal. We also sent Shi Yu a lot of messages, mainly to ask about your situation in Dragon Palace City.”

“Shi Yu, did he contract an impressive existence?” the two of them probed.

Tyrannical Sea Legend was stunned. “How do you know…”

“As expected! What exactly is it?” Upon hearing Tyrannical Sea Legend’s words, Principal Feng and President Ye’s expressions turned solemn. Holy shit, the owl’s prophecy was indeed correct.

“I happen to want to talk to you,” said the Tyrannical Sea Legend.

“Is it a totem reincarnation!!” Principal Feng and President Ye asked.

In Principal Feng and President Ye’s opinion, it was impossible for Shi Yu to contract a totem with the owl’s prophecy. After all, Shi Yu was only at the master level. This level was not enough to support him contracting a totem.

However, when they thought of Zhong Xuan in the ruins of the Emperor Wu and remembered that it had already been reincarnated, other totems could also be reincarnated. After analysis, they determined at that time that Shi Yu was definitely a reincarnation of a certain totem.

This was super big news.

However, in fact, they quickly calmed down. When they recalled that Shi Yu’s Iron-eating Beast, Butterfly of Imagination, Baby Ginseng, and Sword Spirit were all super overlord races, they were relieved. Even if it was a totem reincarnation, it still wouldn’t surpass an overlord race. Its race might not even be as high as Shi Yu’s pets. They had already been shocked so many times, so there was no need to continue making a fuss. After all, it wasn’t a totem at its peak. Growth still required time.

“Yes.” Legend Sea Tyrant nodded, making Principal Feng and President Ye tear up.

“It’s really the totem reincarnation of Dragon Palace City.”

As expected, Shi Yu could surprise them every time.

F*ck, this was too ridiculous. Even if it was a totem heir, they would feel better. Contracting a totem reincarnation was ridiculous.

“Wait, this totem might be different from the totem you imagine,” said the Tyrannical Sea Legend. “It’s not a certain totem dragon king in Dragon Palace City, nor is it the former totem of Dragon Palace City.”

“Uh?”

“You know the guardian of the sea, the Blue Sea Sprite, right? It’s a demigod-level ocean elemental sprite that once destroyed the Western Abyss Sea and was born because of the faith of the ocean creatures. To be precise, it shouldn’t belong to Dragon Palace City.”

“Shi Yu successfully communicated with the Blue Sea Ruins in Dragon Palace City and found the reincarnation of the Inner Sea Sprite that didn’t appear again in 3,000 years. He successfully contracted it.”

Principal Feng and President Ye were stunned and couldn’t react for a moment.

“Apart from that, he also established some Ocean Environmental Protection Department with the four dragon kings of Dragon Palace City through his relationship with the Sea Sprite. He became a minister and befriended 52 ocean overlords, inviting them to become core members of the Environmental Protection Department. Apart from that, he also invited thousands of powerful monarchs and commanders to join. Among them, there was no lack of overlord heirs. Well, the second and third princes of Dragon Palace City also became ordinary members of this Environmental Protection Department.”

“In the past few days, I, the Dragon Kings of Dragon Palace City, and the overlords have established a preliminary agreement between Dong Huang and Dragon Palace City to further cooperate around this environmental department.”