Chapter 328 - Breaking Through To Monarch Level Chi Tong (2)

Chapter 328 Breaking Through to Monarch Level Chi Tong (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Shi Yu didn’t stop them. He touched his nose that was covered in snowflakes. After wiping away the water droplets, he shook his head regretfully.

How could they show off their love and still want to kill a single guy like him… Farewell. There are only a few days left to live. Treasure it well.

Although Chi Tong could cut the other party’s soul out of his body without being injured, it couldn’t perfectly let a soul enter another object. The soul would be in the outside world for a long time or in an incompatible object. If it couldn’t evolve into an undead race in time, then what awaited them was the destruction of their souls.

The level of the Soul Slash skill was still too low. Otherwise, it would be pretty good to draw a soul for the mechanical beast to use as a brain.

If he wanted to do this, Shi Yu estimated that he had to at least use a super skill, Soul Exchange. Moreover, the skill proficiency couldn’t be low.

In fact, Shi Yu was still more hungry for the skill that Emperor Shi’s undead and time dual-element that could create heroic spirits… In theory, Emperor Shi could completely use this skill to transform himself into an extraordinary life form and obtain a longer lifespan, right?

“Continue breaking through,” Shi Yu said. “Mi!” Chi Tong nodded.

Sun Flame+Energy Storage Beam instantly summoned the power of the sun from outer space.

Sparks quickly gathered on the little sword spirit floating in the air… At this moment, the power accumulated in Chi Tong’s body, under the control of the energy control trained by its super high skill proficiency, swept up the power of the sun that descended from the sky and began to crazily baptize its spirit body.

In the sky within the range of the Ice Fire Snow Mountain, an extremely grand scene appeared. The Sword Spirit Body completely formed by orange-red sun flames became larger and larger. Countless sun flames scattered in all directions to form a fire bird, and then it grew into a fire phoenix covered in orange-red sword feathers. In the end, it integrated into the Sword Spirit’s body.

All the flames began to converge inward. The flames carried a shocking phoenix might. The orange sword light that shot into the sky instantly filled the sky.

Shi Yu held his breath and carefully observed the changes after Chi Tong’s breakthrough.

Chi Tong’s rising aura was actually a manifestation of the change in energy value.

The perfect fusion of microscopic energy into the body brought about a transformation in the level of life and strength. It could allow Chi Tong to be reborn and its strength to increase greatly.

500,000…

1 million…

2 million…

Just like Eleven’s breakthrough, after Chi Tong broke through, he easily exceeded the basic energy level of ordinary overlord-level pets.

It was still increasing crazily.

3 million… 3.5 million…

“Can it break 4 million?” Shi Yu was curious.

< Name > Heroic Spirit: Chi Tong

[Attributes]: Fire, Undead

[Race Level]: High-level overlord (Quasi Mythical)

(Level of Growth]: Monarch Level

[Race Skill):

Advanced: Soul Slash (Dao Proficiency), Possession (Dao Proficiency), Light Flame Sword (Dao Proficiency)

Super level: Interlocking Sword (Initiate), Sun Flame (Initiate), Spirit Release (Expert)

[Taught Skill]:

Intermediate: Super Sight (transcendent), Energy Storage Beam (transcendent)

Advanced: Deterrence (Transcendent), Absolute Sleep (Transcendent), Clone (Transcendent), Multiplication (Transcendent)

Energy Points: 3,910,000

In the end, Chi Tong’s energy level stopped at 3.91 million. However, Shi Yu didn’t have much regret. He looked at Chi Tong, who had restrained all its flames and aura and returned to its little sword spirit form, and nodded happily.

Not bad.

Although it was a little worse than Eleven’s Normal State of more than four million, much worse than Eleven after its eruption, Chi Tong could possess him. Its max-level possession was even more ferocious than Eleven’s restrained sharpness at the moment. In addition, the proficiency of the Spirit Release was easy to farm. It would quickly reach the perfect level and unlock the overlord new form. It might be the first to reach the overlord level in the team. If it wasn’t it, it would be Susu. These two had the greatest hope.

“Congratulations,” Shi Yu said.

“Mi!!!! (When do we start filming a movie!!!)” Little Chi Tong flew over quickly.

“…What’s the hurry?”

A day later.

Shi Yu, Buggy, and Chi Tong returned to Ping Cheng exhausted.

Buggy picked up its cell phone and used Shi Yu’s identity card to register an account in the cultural community and video platform where the young people of Dong Huang were gathered.

ere

Account nickname: Time Traveler

Then, it sent the video it had filmed onto the screen. The content was simulated by the Imagination Domain, and the camera used was from a cell phone. There was a reason why cell phones in this world were expensive. They had good functions in all aspects, and they weren’t inferior to the top cameras on Earth.

The title was “Lost History 001: Legend of Mu Huiyin”.