Chapter 324 - Mechanical Tyrant Dragon (2)

Chapter 324 Mechanical Tyrant Dragon (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

In the huge fossil research institute, the super metal (Dream Mechanical Alloy), which was intertwined with gold and silver, hung in the room. Under Buggy’s imagination, a shrunken Tyrannosaurus figure slowly filled the mechanical armor.

A moment later, the connection device of the mechanical armor was inserted into the body of the Tyrant Dragon Phantom. A mechanical Tyrant Dragon Beast in gold and silver mechanical armor, with huge [Eleven Special Lightning Rod Claw] on its arms, and the shell on its back was the prototype of the strongest shield (Eleven Special Lightning Rod Shield).

The special quality of one of the materials in the (Dream Mechanical Alloy) was that it could be relatively perfect for charging materials. Shi Yu took the materials for this charging material on the spot and naturally chose Eleven’s hardening substance. After all, it could perfectly attract lightning. When the time came, he could rely on the lightning in nature to charge it.

After everything was assembled, the intelligent chip inserted into the phantom’s body by the mechanical armor also lit up. However, at this moment, Shi Yu did not show any joy. This was because, just like before, the intelligent chip was not compatible with the Tyrant Dragon Phantom, causing this mechanical life form to be unable to undergo subsequent awakenings.

“Change, change for me.”

“Change, change, change.”

Shi Yu held the Awakening Mirror and shone it on the smart learning upgrade chip installed in the Tyrant Dragon’s body for a long time. There was no reaction at all. This situation gave Shi Yu an especially headache.

Assuming that he had used the Dream Mechanical Alloy and the intelligent chip to create the mechanical dream beast according to teaching skills, he would definitely have succeeded now. At the moment, there were only a few more changes. Changing the various templates of the mechanical dream beast into phantom templates, the process would directly be stuck, and it would be very uncomfortable.

“Forget it, it’s just a fantasy to create mechanical beasts of overlord races according to the teaching materials of the Mechanic Department of Ancient Capital University. I’ll try it slowly after the National League.” Shi Yu stretched and gave up struggling again.

However, it wasn’t that this mechanical Tyrant Dragon couldn’t fight or move…

After Buggy also sighed, it immediately gave the Tyrant Dragon command with the power of imagination.

Soon, this mechanical Tyrant Dragon opened its violent eyes and jumped up to celebrate the failure of this experiment again.

The illusion was created by Buggy, so it could naturally give it commands. However, although this way, the mechanical Tyrant Dragon could move around and could also rely on mechanical armor and lightning to maintain the energy needed to move, the current it couldn’t be judged as a life at all. It was just a phantom wearing mechanical equipment, no different from those machines on Earth that could move after charging.

Not only would Shi Yu’s index not react to it, but it was also impossible for a Beast Tamer’s contract to successfully contract a phantom wearing equipment. Therefore, in essence, it wasn’t considered a living life form or a mechanical life form.

After all, even mechanical lives had the most basic requirement: to learn the ability to think and grow on their own.

In the current situation of the mechanical Tyrant Dragon, it was even inferior to the forbidden weapon that suppressed its ability to think.

“Stop giving it commands. Don’t give it any commands. Let it try acting instinctively and see if it can give birth to intelligence,” Shi Yu said.

“Wu!” Buggy nodded. In the next moment, it canceled the command to broadcast gymnastics to the mechanical Tyrant Dragon.

“Roar?”

The mechanical Tyrant Dragon, which was in the midst of jumping, was stunned. Then, its gaze became even more violent.

It was a pair of ferocious eyes without any rationality, only retaining the most primitive hunting desire of the Tyrant Dragon in the dream. In an instant, Shi Yu determined that the current mechanical Tyrant Dragon still couldn’t be called a mechanical life form, but a proper killing machine.

“Roar!!!! (I am the Overlord of the Earth!!)” Buggy only left behind the most primitive instinct of the Tyrant Dragon in the Tyrant Dragon’s dream that was replicated through the dream stealing skill. This mechanical Tyrant Dragon, which was more than a meter tall, stared at Shi Yu with a ferocious gaze. It opened its bloody mouth and roared. A blazing wind instantly blew over.

Boom!!!

At the same time, it immediately bit at Shi Yu, as if it wanted to hunt food and fill its stomach.

Bang!

However, the moment the mechanical Tyrant Dragon attacked, Shi Yu swung his fist and hit its face. The huge impact sent several of the mechanical Tyrant Dragon’s teeth flying, causing its face to completely deform. Then, it flew backward with a whoosh and hit the wall.

“What king are you??” Shi Yu asked.

Although this guy had inherited all the skills of the overlord race’s Tyrant Dragon, including super skills, the initial battle power that Buggy had set for it was transcendent, so it naturally couldn’t defeat Shi Yu.

Of course, it couldn’t understand Shi Yu’s words either. The mechanical Tyrant Dragon had no intelligence at all. Even if Shi Yu had telepathy, Shi Yu couldn’t communicate with it normally.

This intelligence was simply inferior to the Green Silkworm.

“Roar…” After suffering the impact, the mechanical Tyrant Dragon immediately wanted to escape instinctively.

Buggy :”…”

It looked up at Shi Yu. What else could it do?

Shi Yu sighed. “Forget it, I’ll let it maintain the most primitive wild activity in the dream first. I’ll lock it in the dragon ring. This time, I’ll let the phantom maintain a mechanical state for a longer time. Let’s see if it can slowly develop feelings with the smart chip.”

“In any case, there’s a battery. As long as it doesn’t destroy itself, it shouldn’t disappear so quickly.”

“Wu!!” Buggy understood.

The next moment, the mechanical Tyrant Dragon without intelligence and missing teeth was instantly teleported into the dragon circle and continued to roar at the sky.

“Roar!!!! (I am the overlord of the earth!!)”