Chapter 326 - Breaking Through Monarch Level For Chi Tong

Chapter 326 Breaking Through Monarch Level for Chi Tong

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The sun was shining brightly today. In the cold villa area of Ping Cheng, Shi Yu hugged the pillow with the cute panda picture and swiped through the movie Chi Tong had just finished.

After watching it, Buggy cried hard, completely destroying the dreamy form of the Butterfly of Imagination.

“Wu, Wu, wu, wu.”

Buggy couldn’t help but cry. The person who wrote the script was definitely sick.

“Pfft—” Shi Yu took a tissue and wiped his red eyes before blowing his nose.

He had no objections to writing the protagonist and supporting role to death, but it was too much to write everything to death in the end, even though the front part was so well filmed.

Even if he was spoiled by Chi Tong in advance, he almost couldn’t recover.

“This Yan Junyi is not only the main lead, but also the author and director of the script?”

Shi Yu looked at the comments on the Internet and immediately understood that this was a ruthless bad woman.

“When we encounter her in the battle of the Sequences, let’s eliminate her. What kind of stupid play is this? She was just giving out candy when she suddenly attacked.”

“Mi!”

Chi Tong was stunned. Wasn’t this a little too targeted? Why would the audience take revenge on her for making a movie? Sob, sob, sob.

Although the plot was a little depressing, at least it had broken through.

“Wu!!” Buggy looked at Chi Tong. Stop it, it was even more depressed after hearing this. Why didn’t it break through after watching it!!

Director Bug decided that it didn’t want to film something like this. It wanted to film something inspirational!

It was bitter first, then sweet.

Legend of Mu Huiyin!

The story of the ostracized mixed-blood girl growing into the number one general who established the dynasty!

Most importantly, after the first movie ended, it could continue to film the second movie, “Mu Huiyin’s Legend of Second Rebirth, Chi Tong”. It could earn more money!

Even the external story “The Phoenix Race’s Conspiracy” “Mu Huiyin and the empress”… could be filmed.

“Mi!!” Chi Tong’s eyes lit up.

It still wanted to be the female lead’s sword!

After watching so many cartoons and movies, it was very interested in going on screen.

Although it could only be the sword of the female lead and had almost zero presence, it was not bad.

“You guys are really torturing…” Shi Yu pondered.

“Modifying and distorting history… You have to go to jail.”

“Wu!! (This movie is purely wishful thinking…)” Buggy added. “Let’s not talk about this anymore. We can’t shoot anything else, but this Legend Mu Huiyin is indeed alright.”

IO

Seeing that Buggy and Chi Tong were really interested, Shi Yu said.

Mu Huiyin’s history was not recorded.

Although the hundreds of people in the heroic spirit ruins knew the reason.

However, most Beast Tamers in Dong Huang didn’t know that there was a person like Mu Huiyin.

The Beast Tamers in Ping Cheng and even Icefield didn’t know the true identity of the Ice Dragon’s owner.

Those who could come into contact with Mu Huiyin’s information were all extremely core upper echelons.

Generally speaking, this archaeological discovery could be announced.

However, at that time, because Shi Yu was only an intermediate Beast Tamer and was too weak, it was not good for him to be so weak and related to the heroic spirit of a sensitive figure like Mu Huiyin.

Therefore, in order to let Shi Yu not be targeted by the totem clans, the news about Mu Huiyin was temporarily sealed.

However, now, Shi Yu felt that there was no need to seal the news at all, because he already had the initial strength to protect himself.

A genius that had yet to grow up needed protection, but a genius that had grown up needed a bright sword, not restrained, but showing off.

Gao Xuan’s Awakening Talent was the same as the mechanical legend. His potential posed a greater threat. Why did he dare to reveal it?

This was because he could release a small forbidden weapon. Even if the totem didn’t appear, an overlord could still shatter when it came. This was his confidence.

Similarly, Shi Yu was now considered one of the best among the masters. In this situation, even if Chi Tong’s race was announced, Shi Yu felt that it was nothing.

They had already contracted the Blue Sea Sprite that had enmity with the Abyss Sea, so why would they be afraid of involving the totem power Mu Huiyin had offended?

The more the debt, the greater the pressure!

“General Mu Huiyin chose to hide her history because of the social situation at that time, but the situation now is different.”

Shi Yu recalled Mu Huiyin’s heroic spirit’s evaluation of the empress as “I’m inferior to her”. That relieved tone made Shi Yu understand that Mu Huiyin actually cared a lot about the evaluation of her as a mixed-blood general in the future.

Aunt Ice Dragon had also said that Mu Huiyin was actually a cold person on the outside but warm on the inside. She very much wanted to be acknowledged. Unfortunately, due to her childhood experience, apart from the pets she contracted, Mu Huiyin had never opened her heart to anyone.

Shi Yu felt that it was time to restore General Mu Huiyin’s heroic deeds. He could also leave Chi Tong’s true race to fate and not deliberately hide it.

“Shoot. Let’s make a one-minute trailer to warm up first. Dig a pit on the short video platform and make it better.” Restoring history through Buggy’s Imagination Domain! If he filmed it well, he might even be able to snatch a few of Heavenly King Zou’s trending topics.

“Wu!!” Buggy’s expression was excited. Alright.

“Mi!!” Chi Tong was instantly excited when he heard that he could also participate in Mu Huiyin’s legend.

“Why don’t we go to the Ice Dragon Snow Mountain to film? We can also let Chi Tong break through there.” Shi Yu smiled.

Ice Dragon Snow Mountain.

Although the interior had already become a flaming mountain, the outside world was still an ice and snow environment. Many snow ferocious beasts lived here.

This time, Shi Yu really didn’t bring any bodyguards into the Ice Dragon Snow Mountain.

With Shi Yu’s current strength, he wasn’t afraid of anything. Under Chi Tong’s possession, he directly swept the flames through the snowstorm area.