Chapter 325 - Healing Movie

Chapter 325 Healing Movie

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

After tormenting the mechanical Tyrant Dragon without any results, Shi Yu and Buggy decisively gave up.

Shi Yu stretched and pulled Buggy out to eat ice cream to reward Buggy.

Buggy was actually pretty interesting. Although it didn’t work as hard as Eleven during normal training, it easily did what Eleven and the others couldn’t.

Even when sleeping and resting, it could train in its dreams.

“Wu!”

In such a situation, Buggy felt that apart from the cheat Water Slime, it might be the second big boss in the team who could train its will to the intermediate level after the leader!

After all…

“TT_TT Mi… Mi…”

Just as Shi Yu and Buggy came out of the ruins space, they heard a strange sound.

Shi Yu and Buggy looked at each other in confusion. Then, they quickly teleported to the living room.

Chi Tong, in the form of a sword spirit, was watching the television with tears in its eyes. It hugged the ice basin and cried.

Of course, its tears were fire silk.

“It’s really you.”

“Mi-” Chi Tong pointed at the screen with tears all over its face.

Shi Yu and Buggy looked over. It seemed like a movie had just ended. At this moment, it was broadcasting the ending song and the situation of the producers.

Shi Yu and Buggy were immediately confused.

“Mi!! (Look at my willpower, has it become an overlord’s will!)”

Chi Tong cried as it said to Shi Yu.

Shi Yu: “?”

Buggy:???

What did it mean?

Although Shi Yu didn’t understand, he still took a look.

Skill: Interlocking Sword

[Teaching success rate]: Medium “Huh??!”

This look stunned Shi Yu and he revealed an incredulous gaze.

Chi Tong and Buggy looked at the shocked Shi Yu.

“Although it hasn’t reached the stage of the overlord’s will, it’s just one level away. Your current will stage is already close to eleven, surpassing Buggy and Baby Ginseng. How did you do it?”

Shi Yu was stunned.

In his opinion, Buggy, who had visualized the Dragon God Statue and tempered its will, should be the first to reach medium will.

In the end, Little Chi Tong, who had always kept a low profile, overtook them silently.

“Huh???” When he heard Shi Yu say that Chi Tong’s willpower improved faster than its, Buggy was instantly stunned and revealed a confused expression.

It didn’t make sense.

On the other hand, Chi Tong, who was crying, bent its sword and smiled. It was in a much better mood.

“Mi!!” With that said, it explained to Shi Yu and Buggy how it operated.

It asked Susu what it needed to do to train a powerful will.

Susu’s answer: A firm goal.

A firm goal that could make one sacrifice one’s life.

Then, Chi Tong thought about the meaning of its birth.

As a “heroic spirit”, it existed to protect Beast Tamers.

Even without a contract, the heroic spirit hatched by the Beast Tamer could still have a close connection with the Beast Tamer. Therefore, its most determined goal was to protect Shi Yu from any harm.

It wanted to strengthen this belief!

For this, Chi Tong began to flip through a large number of movies with protection as the topic to watch, hoping to understand the true meaning of protection. It finished 13 movies a day and night, but after watching them, its heart was calm.

This was very uncomfortable.

Then, it saw a “healing-type” movie on the website. Chi Tong, who wanted to change its taste and change its mood, directly clicked on it to watch. However, who knew that this movie was really so healing?

Chi Tong was quite happy watching the first half of the story. The plot was also quite healing, but later on, the protagonists and supporting actors died one after another. In the end, no one could protect each other. Chi Tong was directly depressed, and it cried as it watched.

It felt that its mentality had collapsed. After collapsing, it recombined. Its willpower seemed to have improved, and its willpower to protect Shi Yu became even stronger.

“Mi!” Chi Tong showed an expression as expected of himself.

Buggy: ?????

“Wu!! Ji!!! Wu wu! Ji!!” After Buggy heard that, it was very confused and asked Shi Yu crazily. Was this reasonable! It had trained so hard while awake, and even when it was asleep, it trained. Its willpower had yet to break through, but Chi Tong had already broken through after watching a movie. Was this reasonable!!

Shi Yu was silent. He didn’t know if this was reasonable or not, nor did he dare to ask, but…

Shi Yu glanced at the name of this movie. “Black Forest”. Chi Tong, how did it get this title related to a healing-type movie??

“This is very scientific. Not only is willpower related to experience, but it’s also related to race. Some races are born bold and brave, while others are born timid and weak. This will all affect their willpower after birth. Chi Tong is a heroic spirit race, born to protect. Its goal is firm. In addition, its General Mu Huiyin’s power reincarnation is similar to Susu’s situation. It’s very normal for its willpower to increase quickly…” Shi Yu comforted Buggy beside him.

Buggy: (© _ m)?? Its race was naturally timid and weak. Wasn’t he talking about the Green Silkworm?

Shi Yu squeezed Chi Tong with a smile and said, “Little Chi Tong is still the best!”

“Mi!!”

However, after pinching Chi Tong, Shi Yu was a little worried. Chi Tong’s greatest dream was to protect him. Was it alright?

amn

Shi Yu fell into deep thought. In fact, he didn’t want his pet’s dream to be related to him.

For example, the greatest dream of the Blue Sea Sprites was to cleanse filth and protect the sea.

Baby Ginseng wanted to change the fate of the supplements and become a powerful battle ginseng. It wasn’t bad.

Even if he was gone one day, they could still continue their dreams.

However, if Chi Tong’s dream was to protect himself, with the lifespan of humans that was only two to three hundred years, wasn’t this a scam?

Compared to the undead race, the lifespan of humans was less than one percent of the other party’s life.

After he died, wouldn’t Chi Tong become a salted fish that had lost its dream?

Unless he could really obtain the blessings of the World Tree and become a longevity type.

Shi Yu thought for a moment and felt that it was better to find a more serious dream for Chi Tong to pursue. The heroic spirit race was too stubborn. It wasn’t like he had never studied this. Almost all the undead born in the heroic spirit ruins had this personality trait.

After rubbing Little Chi Tong’s head, Shi Yu looked at the television.

After the movie was broadcast, the show automatically switched to the relevant fluff.

“Teacher Yan Junyi, do you have any thoughts about the overall box office earnings of ‘Black Forest’ breaking through 3 billion and becoming the most popular movie in the history of Dong Huang?” In the scene, a reporter holding a microphone was interviewing a woman with an oval face and a very gentle appearance. This woman was very beautiful, and Shi Yu recognized her at a glance.

The other party was the most famous actress and female celebrity in Dong Huang, Yan Junyi. When he saw that the movie Chi Tong was watching was the other party’s main lead and that the box office was so high, Shi Yu immediately understood why Chi Tong only had feelings when it watched this movie.

It couldn’t be helped. There were too few good movies that could stir people’s emotions. Most of the time, it was a lousy movie. It was like you didn’t even watch it. It was rare for a movie with a reputation and explosive box office. It was normal for Little Chi Tong to feel a little uncomfortable after watching it.

“Wu!!!” Buggy was excited. It was a rich lady!

It looked at Shi Yu. It was three billion yuan at the box office. Was there a need to get to know each other?

“There’s no need.” The corners of Shi Yu’s mouth twitched. There were so many rich ladies. How could he get to know them all?

Shi Yu looked at the television again.

This Yan Junyi was also a Beast Tamer. In this day and age, no matter what, even if it was filming a movie, it would still look very unprofessional if one didn’t have a Beast Tamer title. Moreover, the hottest topic now was still a movie about Beast Tamers. If the main lead was a powerful Beast Tamer, the audience would be very convinced.

As a currently popular female star, this Yan Junyi was naturally not weak either. She was a famous top-notch master. She had contracted an overlord species pet, Flower Fairy, and was also known to have a legendary figure. In short, like Heavenly King Zou, she was a celebrity-type Beast Tamer. However, she basically specialized in filming movies, while Zou Yun specialized in competing. His focus was a little different.

“She doesn’t seem to be 30 years old. I wonder if she’s interested in the World Tournament. Well, such a beautiful woman should stay in Dong Huang to raise the eyes of the netizens. It’s not suitable for a place like the World Tournament where people fight and kill,” Shi Yu muttered before looking at Buggy.

Buggy was also looking at him. “Why are you looking at me?” “Wu…” Buggy’s eyes were filled with tears. It didn’t want to watch anymore. It wanted to go back and train.

“Don’t worry, the movie looks pretty good. I haven’t seen it yet. Watch it with me.”

Buggy fell into deep thought.

Wasn’t this a waste of time? It wasn’t confident that it could break through just by watching a movie like Chi Tong…

“This is also a form of training. After watching it, write me a review. I won’t make things difficult for you. Just replay every scene, every scene, and every frame in the two-hour movie with the Imagination Domain.”

Buggy: ???

“This is equivalent to training super skills.”

“In addition, it’s also considered to be nurturing a secondary role for you. Look, movies are so profitable. This three billion box office isn’t the highest. When the day comes when you can use the Imagination Domain to create an explosive movie, under the situation where the actors, venues, special effects, and clothes are all saved, you’ll earn the most. This is much easier than selling equipment, right?”

“If we film a blockbuster movie, we can even buy legendary-level resources.”

Buggy: Wu?!!

Wait a minute?

Buggy’s eyes gradually lit up as it looked at Shi Yu. That seemed to be the case. This seemed to be easier than selling equipment one by one?

It understood. It would apply for an account now and train from filming to uploading short videos.

Then, it would film a few more “Legend of Mu Huiyin”, “Emperor Wu vs Yun An”, “The Things About the Undying Dark Phoenix and the Empress”, “The Love of the Dragon Emperor and the Dragon God that Crossed Thousands of Years”, and “Shiyu Causing Trouble In the Seas”. When the box office exploded, it would directly buy ten legendary resources to guarantee totem level!

Shi Yu: “?”

ne.

“I just want you to watch a movie with me What do you know?? Can these things be filmed?”

Was it sure the other party won’t come and show off your ashes after it filmed the Dragon God’s movie? And what the hell was Shi Yu messing around with the sea?

“Mi! (I want to be the female lead of ‘Mu Huiyin’s Legend’… sword.)” Chi Tong and the worm director applied for the dragon costume position.

“Why are you joining in the fun… Go and prepare to break through to the monarch level first.” Shi Yu pulled Chi Tong up. It was time to break through to the middle level of will. The other pets were the same as Eleven. They would break through to the middle level of will. The overlord will was too difficult. It could slowly train after the monarch level. The main reason was to suppress his meditation speed. Without strength, how could he touch the World Tree?

If possible, his requirements weren’t high. He would get a national team reserve position, the tenth sequence at the bottom, and follow to the World Tree to touch it and broaden his horizons. If it was a real battle, he would leave it to those super geniuses.