Chapter 320 - World Tree’S Game

Chapter 320 World Tree’s Game

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

At the Binhai Training Hall.

After Shi Yu and the others returned, Zheng Hai, the sect master of the Binhai Training Hall, immediately welcomed them.

No matter what, he had to treat Shi Yu and the others in the venue before letting them leave.

Shi Yu and the others didn’t mind a meal, so they naturally agreed.

Moreover, after returning, they had yet to officially thank the escort of the Tyrannical Sea Legend

AS

Dragon Palace City was in the deep sea. Even if it was a top-notch master proficient in water-element, it was very difficult to go to Dragon Palace City alone. Therefore, the escort of the Tyrant Sea Legend was quite necessary.

“When can your other pets break through to the monarch level?”

In the hall, White Brook whispered to Shi Yu.

During this trip to Dragon Palace City, although the batch of Beast Tamers accompanying them had not seen many battle scenes regarding Shi Yu, judging from Shi Yu’s battle results, it was already very terrifying

After fighting the sea beasts of the Dragon Palace for three days and three nights, he maintained a complete victory. Even if he had sufficient replenishment, it was an unimaginable battle result.

In addition to the shock of the Iron-eating Beast crushing the Second Prince of Dragon Palace City, basically no one treated Shi Yu as a normal master.

Therefore, White Brook immediately became restless. Her goal was the throne of the champion of the National League.

Shi Yu from Ancient Capital University was with her. She felt that it was alright!

“But there shouldn’t be a need for the National League, right?” Shi Yu muttered.

There was Eleven in the solo battle, and there was the Time Fruit in the team battle. What was there to be afraid of?

“Don’t look down on Gao Xuan. He’s not the Thunder Dragon Crown Prince that you can restrain. Mechanics are the most sinister. Even if he doesn’t have forbidden weapons, he still has various methods. We gotta be more stable,” White Brook said. “Don’t forget, he has been focused on upgrading the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast. There are still a few contract spots that he hasn’t contracted. This time, Yin Zhengfan, this little kid, has also seen your strength. He’ll definitely tell Gao Xuan when he goes back…”

“Previously, he only focused on nurturing a machine because he thought that there were no opponents, but if you show a threat…”

“At that time, even if he doesn’t have to use a forbidden weapon, if he suddenly contracts a bunch of machines that counter you… It won’t be safe!”

“Can you not plot loudly?” Yin Zhengfan held a cup of water and looked at Shi Yu and White Brook, who were plotting loudly, with a red face.

Heavenly King Zou, Yu Shu, and the others, who were sitting on the sofa and browsing their cell phones and reporting the situation to their relatives, were also speechless.

eІ

“It’s so good to be young,” the blue-haired girl and the other Beast Tamers who had already graduated from university sighed.

The National League this year was not going to be peaceful.

Was Ancient Capital University about to counterattack????

Shi Yu’s pets were indeed monsters. They were even fiercer than Lu Qingyi back then.

“That’s true.”

Upon hearing White Brook’s words, Shi Yu was immediately stunned. He had almost forgotten about this. Because he was too invincible, Gao Xuan had never contracted other mechanical pets. It was still a little difficult to modify a pile of explosive babies that could counter him at the last minute.

He still remembered clearly the scene of Gao Xuan using a forbidden weapon to destroy the Ice Dragon Snow Mountain. This guy’s Beast Taming Talent was very strange.

“Be it Gao Xuan or Shi Yu, they’re both pretty threatening.” Heavenly King Zou glanced at Shi Yu. Fortunately, these two weren’t from the club system, so they wouldn’t snatch his rice bowl and resources from him. He would just watch the two of them have fun and kill each other in the National League for the time being.

As long as he didn’t come to snatch his trending topic for no reason! This was all traffic! Flow was money and resources! As long as he used it well, it wouldn’t be any less than the profits from the research results of Shi Yu and Gao Xuan’s research.

Thinking of this, Zou Yun photoshopped the selfie of himself and the overlord dragon species, the black flood dragon, and posted it on the Internet. He also informed his subordinate companies to operate as soon as possible.

No one should snatch his spot on the trending topic this time, right? Although Shi Yu was in the limelight in the Dragon Palace this time, Shi Yu shouldn’t be so high-profile… If he revealed his experience, the others wouldn’t be so crazy as to publicize it.

“Dinner’s ready. Everyone, let’s go eat. Master is also here.” At this moment, Zheng Hai, who had gone to see the situation, returned to his room and smiled at everyone. “You’ve worked hard!”

“Alright!”

Everyone responded.

Soon, everyone arrived at the dining location of the training hall. Perhaps because they knew that everyone was tired of eating the food there in Dragon Palace City, the training hall by the sea specially prepared the special dishes based on land.

Soon, everyone sat at a table happily.

A moment later, the Tyrannical Sea Legend also sat down.

However, modern young people still couldn’t change the bad habit of holding cell phones at the dining table. Dragon Palace City had them cooped up for several days. They could only watch novels and videos that had already been downloaded. When it came to land, there weren’t so many things to pay attention to. They could swipe whatever it wanted.

“This.” Not long after they sat down, the blue-haired girl from the elemental family said in disbelief, “Quick, look at the news number one on the trending list.”

Upon hearing the blue-haired girl’s words, Zou Yun, who was not far away, chuckled. Eh, I was accidentally discovered. It’s so embarrassing…

“What’s wrong?” The blue-haired girl’s surprise confused White Brook, Xia Qingwei, and the others.

“It’s the World Competition. The official media said that Dong Huang is about to start the battle teams for the World Competition. A total of ten Beast Tamers under the age of 30 are to be chosen according to their strength. Wuuah, I didn’t expect that I could actually catch up to the World Competition in my lifetime.”

“What?” The blue-haired girl’s words stunned everyone and also stunned Zheng Hai. Legend Sea Tyrant was also a little surprised.

The others were stunned by this news, but the Tyrannical Sea Legend didn’t expect it to announce the news so quickly.

Among the crowd, everyone was attracted by the word world competition. Zou Yun was no exception. However, after he reacted, he quickly took out his cell phone and looked at the news of the world competition on his news. His expression immediately darkened. Ah, this…