Chapter 327 - Breaking Through Monarch Level For Chi Tong (1)

Chapter 327 Breaking Through Monarch Level for Chi Tong (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Soon, they arrived at their destination.

Perhaps it was because the snow mountain had been cleared previously, but when Shi Yu and the others came this time, they didn’t even encounter a ferocious beast blocking the way. It was especially smooth. Apart from the fact that the natural environment was a little difficult to deal with, everything was alright.

Hu hu ~

At the border of ice and fire, Shi Yu looked at the ice and snow on the side and at the Flaming Torrent at the side. He sighed. It was really the difference between ice and fire.

The environment here had been changed by the small forbidden weapon, the Sun Rose. It was a very good place to sense the power of the sun. Shi Yu planned to let Chi Tong break through here.

Just like how Eleven triggered the heavenly lightning to strengthen its breakthrough back then, Little Chi Tong definitely had to learn it and stimulate the power of the sun to break through.

“Mi ~” After reaching their destination, Chi Tong and Shi Yu separated and looked up at the fiery red sun in the sky.

Eh?

However, as they watched, Chi Tong and Shi Yu were quickly stunned.

In the sky, two black dots gradually appeared. Soon, the red and blue figures gradually enlarged and emitted a fierce cry. It was a huge ice and snow bird with wings like ice crystals, as well as a huge fire bird with three heads and shining flame feathers.

< Name > Ice Feather Bird

(Level of Growth]: Commander Level

[Name]: Flame Three-Headed Bird

(Level of Growth]: Commander Level

Shi Yu quickly saw their figures and was puzzled. It was fine if there were Ice Feather Birds here, but how could there be a Flame Three-Headed Bird on a snow mountain?

However, he didn’t encounter any trouble along the way. When he arrived at his destination, trouble came out. This was something Shi Yu didn’t expect.

“Jiu!!! (Darling, let’s settle them. We finally found a place suitable for the two of us to stay at at the same time. We can’t be disturbed.)”

“Jiu Jiu Jiu!! (Alright, my dear, you actually took advantage of our fusion of ice and fire to invade. Too detestable.)”

Shi Yu and Chi Tong: “?”.

Did they think they couldn’t understand?

When did this place become your habitat?

These guys clearly couldn’t be together, there was reproductive isolation going on. How come they were mingling?

There were all kinds of strange creatures in nature, so how could they be better at playing than the dragons in Dragon Palace City?

Shi Yu felt that these two guys might have moved over from somewhere.

He didn’t expect that the Ice Fire Snow Mountain had attracted “compatible” wild creatures in such a short period of time…

“Jiu!!!”

“Jiu!!”

As the Ice Feather Bird and the Flame Three-Headed Bird communicated, they swooped down together, wanting to add a meal before “mixing” their ice and fire parts.

Shi Yu naturally couldn’t let them do as they pleased.

He glanced at Chi Tong and sighed slightly. Then, he waved his arm and said, “Since they like the fusion of ice and fire so much, Chi Tong, satisfy them.”

“Soul Slash!”

“Mi!” As Shi Yu finished speaking, Chi Tong also waved gently in the form of a little sword spirit.

Boom!

In the next moment, the Soul Slaying Sword Domain formed. A gray transparent sword domain instantly enveloped the attacking Ice Feather Bird and the Flame Three-Headed Bird, stunning them.

In the next moment, in the sword domain, two transparent gray sword lights slashed out. Although they were also commander rank, the difference in strength was several times, making them unable to fight back at all against Chi Tong’s ability. The gray sword light directly slashed into their bodies in their frightened eyes.

However, what shocked the Ice Feather Bird and the Flame Three-Headed Bird even more was that this sword light did not cause any damage to their bodies and minds!

But it wasn’t like it didn’t affect them at all.

In a short second, the Ice Feather Bird and the Flame Three-Headed Bird were extremely afraid. This was because they discovered that after this gray sword light slashed into their bodies, it was like an agile scalpel. It was as if it was tearing apart their bodies one by one, wanting to separate their souls from their bodies!

During this process, they felt an extremely repressed power that made them unable to control their movements. They could only watch helplessly as their souls were perfectly sliced apart by this sword light.

“The saber slashes the body, the heart slashes the soul, so the two of you will always be loving.”

As Shi Yu finished speaking, with a snap of his fingers, the souls of the Ice Feather Bird and the Flame Three-Headed Bird in the Soul Sword Domain quickly left their body under the push of the sword pressure.

Under Shi Yu and Chi Tong’s bad taste, the Ice Feather Bird’s soul that was perfectly extracted from its body was pushed into the Flame Three-Headed Bird’s empty shell body. The Flame Three-Headed Bird’s soul was pushed into the Ice Feather Bird’s body…

With a simple operation, the Ice Feather Bird and the Flame Three-Headed Bird in midair immediately shuddered. Then, like kites with their strings broken, they fell down with widened eyes. As they fell, they looked at each other in disbelief.

Skill: Soul Slash

< Introduction > It’s a high-level undead skill. It can release Soul Slash and double the damage to undead creatures.

If it was a perfect-level Soul Slash, it would naturally be a simple Soul Slash. However, a max-level Soul Slash had many uses. For example, it was like a soul scalpel that could perfectly cut the enemy’s soul away from the body…

It was a very safe and clean skill to collect soul power and physical materials of ferocious beasts.

Right now, the Ice Feather Bird and the Flame Three-Headed Bird were equivalent to exchanging souls, so after they fell to the ground, they were extremely stunned.

It was really a fusion of ice and fire.

Such a strange event made them think that they were dreaming. In addition to the powerful soul aura emitted by Chi Tong just now, they couldn’t care less about their bodies and souls. After two screams, they controlled their new bodies with difficulty and flew into the sky, trying to escape.