Chapter 329 - Slime Of The Overlord Race

Chapter 329 Slime of the Overlord Race

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Dong Huang, Demon Capital.

At the Pyro Company’s headquarters.

Pyro was now a cultural community and video platform where young people of Dong Huang gathered.

Celebrity Beast Tamers like Zou Yun, Yan Junyi, and the others had stationed stations and were head traffic figures.

Buggy finally chose this platform to release its carefully composed and edited “Mu Huiyin Legend”.

The reason was very simple. Recently, there was an activity here. There was an event to help newbies rise.

As a newbie, Buggy wanted to be taken care of.

Not long after it was uploaded, the backstage team received the video released by Buggy from the video review editor of the Pyro platform.

“Once the website starts an event, all the random things come at us. Do they even know how to make videos?”

The review editor, Wang Dahu, numbly reviewed one video after another.

Although his job wasn’t to judge the quality of the video, but to review whether the video was suitable to be released, whether it was inappropriate, or whether there were sensitive topics, watching the video was, after all, a process of receiving information. He still subconsciously evaluated the level of the video in his heart.

For example, a video like “What would the outcome be if you gave the Green Silkworm ten peppers” or “Change my pet, the Flame Monkey, into a maid costume” might even have some views.

But was there a problem with those distributors who didn’t even have pet elements in the video? Did they know what the hot topic was now? They didn’t even do their homework and came to participate in the event!

Beautiful girls, handsome guys, strong pets, cute pets! If it really couldn’t be done, one could even use the truth to gain popularity. For example, he could create a world competition player tier list for the audience to fight over.

–

If he didn’t have any of this, how dare these participants still want to get an award?

The review editor, Wang Dahu, reviewed a video in ten seconds and quickly flipped through it. Soon, he reviewed “Lost History 001: Legend of Mu Huiyin”.

“What kind of lousy title is this? Will someone click on it?” He muttered and opened the video.

[Even the overlord of ice and snow can’t suppress my power?]

At the start of the video, a female voice that hit the soul came from the black screen.

The moment the female voice landed in the ears of the review editor, Wang Dahu, he subconsciously judged that this might be a video of a certain edited cartoon and movie. If it weren’t for the voice talent that had undergone professional training, how could a normal person say such a transient voice?

In the next moment, the scene changed. The black screen gradually became clear. In the background of the endless snow mountain that was blowing snow, on the snow, a woman with peerless charm and extraordinary boldness appeared in silver armor and a fire-like red cloak.

Her back was facing the scene, but soon, the scene changed to the front with the snow and wind, allowing the review editor to see her face clearly.

This person had soft snow-white skin, fiery red hair that draped over her shoulders, and a very beautiful face without any makeup. The most unique thing was her deep starry eyes.

Mu Huiyin stood on the snow. On the ground in front of her was a fiery red longsword with the tip of the sword slightly sunk into the ground. Her hands naturally pressed on the hilt of the sword as she stared at the towering snow mountain in front of her.

“Holy shit, who is this?”

In an instant, the review editor was stunned by General Mu Huiyin’s extraordinary aura and beautiful face. He quickly recalled which movie this was, but before he could react, with a boom, Mu Huiyin’s body in the scene erupted with flames that shot into the sky. The flames shot into the sky. In an instant, the world changed. The snow on the entire snow mountain actually started to melt and evaporate, and white mist swept through the sky.

“Roar!” Then, countless ferocious beasts in the snow mountain raised their heads in shock, looking at the drastic change in the sky and the shocked expression of sensing the heat wave coming. In a few seconds, the ferocious beasts that appeared involved transcendent races to overlord races, the snow wolves that looked up collectively, and the Ice River Spine Beasts whose pupils constricted on the snow mountain. The figures of more than ten thousand ferocious beasts appeared in the scene and were forced back a few steps by the sudden hot wind.

Such a spectacular scene stunned the review editor, Wang Dahu, because he had bragged about seeing countless movies. However, he swore that if there were such a big movie, he would definitely have watched it before. He wouldn’t be so stunned now.

In just ten seconds, the reviewing editor was fully focused. He didn’t review it quickly, but watched carefully and seriously.

Then, the scene continued to change. The huge title of “Lost History 001: Legend of Mu Huiyin” appeared in the video again. Then, other voices began to appear in the video. However, the dry, heavy, and blurry voices made people feel that this voice didn’t sound like it was made by humans. In fact, the figures that appeared were also some ferocious beasts and alien races.

[It’s a unit under Emperor Shi.)

(It looks like that hybrid Beast Tamer named Mu Huiyin.)

(This woman will be our greatest threat.]

They had been evaluating a special figure.

Just as they finished speaking, with an incomparable explosion, the female general and the woman they were talking about at the start of the video swept up orange flames in the smoke. She rode a frost dragon and landed in the enemy camp with a flaming sword in hand.

Following that, it was the grand and explosive battle scene. Countless words appeared.

(A mysterious female general with two bloodlines.]

(The earliest Beast Tamer to be given a title in the ancient country.]