Chapter 333 - Baby Ginseng Wants To Self-Explode

Chapter 333 Baby Ginseng Wants to Self-Explode

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

On the huge arena, trees lined the ground, and the green grass was like a carpet. Countless young figures were sweating on it.

In the corner of the training ground, an energetic figure walked to the white wall and leaned against it slightly. She stretched her white legs and arms.

White Brook wiped the sweat on her face and neck with a blue sports towel and took out her cell phone from the ruins space.

After returning from Dragon Palace City, she returned to the supervisory team of Ancient Capital University to train. After all, the National League was around the corner.

Just now, the battle club instructor of Ancient Capital University had just come to the training ground to inform everyone about the changes in the rules of the National League.

Because of the world competition, there would be a certain change in rules in the National League this year and next year. It was mainly to cater to the world competition and even the domestic Sequence battles. Even the rewards had increased.

Unsurprisingly, in this year’s National League, the schools would work abnormally hard and crazily throw resources at the students in the last half a month.

“What are you doing?”

After the call was made, White Brook yawned tiredly and asked.

“Work overtime for training,” a voice came from the other side of the phone.

“Ning! (Beast Tamer, increase points!)”

“Oh… It’s cultivating that water slime…” White Brook understood.

Although he wasn’t at Ancient Capital University, it looked like Shi Yu was pretty hardworking. With Shi Yu’s strength, he was even stronger than her. There was indeed no need for him to train with the school team.

She was already looking forward to the scene of Shi Yu and Susu killing everyone in the National League.

“No, the rules have changed this year. I might also be the target of getting killed.” White Brook’s face suddenly darkened.

“What’s wrong, Senior?”

“The rules of the National League have changed. This year, it’s going to be divided according to strength.”

“Beast Tamers below the master level are to participate in the team competition. Master-level Beast Tamers are not allowed to participate in the team competition anymore. In contrast, only master-level Beast Tamers can participate in the individual competition this time.”

“It’s still divided into two titles: National champion team and individual national champion.”

Shi Yu: “Eh, isn’t that change not so big? It’s just that Masters aren’t allowed to participate in the team competition anymore, while the individual competition has a threshold for strength.” White Brook: “No, it’s very big. This National League reduced the reward ratio of the team competition and increased the reward ratio of the individual competition. Therefore, only the two of us can participate in the individual competition in Ancient Capital University this year. Moreover, the changes in the rules of the individual competition are the most ridiculous.”

“What about the specific rules of the individual competition?” Shi Yu asked.

“This is the most scamming thing. The team competition is still the same as in the previous years. A bunch of people are obediently playing in the arena, but this individual competition…”

“It’s very similar to the survival trial in the vocation assessment. It’s said that all the participants are thrown onto a huge island filled with ferocious beasts and then they let these people fight indiscriminately.”

“The condition to advance to the next round is to eliminate two master-level Beast Tamers from other schools or their own schools on the island and successfully survive until the end of this competition.”

“In the end, the contestant who advances will go into the competition for the national championship in the second round.”

“However, this doesn’t mean that one person can only eliminate two people on the island. The more people each candidate eliminates, the more rewards will be divided.”

“Of course, if the contestants on the island are eliminated to only one person at the end of the competition time, there’s no need to carry out the next round. The person left behind in the end is the national champion.”

“This process will also be broadcasted nationwide.”

“…” After White Brook finished speaking, Shi Yu was stunned.

Damn, they really prepared for the world competition in advance.

Wild battles were much harder and more dangerous than proper arena battles.

Shi Yu said, “Then what if I’m attacked by more than ten people, especially Imperial Capital University? What if the three masters team up to fight me?”

White Brook was stunned. “You shouldn’t be that hated… right?”

After hanging up the call with the beast-eared girl, Shi Yu rubbed the Water Slime on his thigh and fell into deep thought.

A battle in the wild.

It meant that if he could use a few pets, the Beast Tamer himself could also participate in the battle. Of course, equipment that exceeded his level definitely couldn’t be used. In this situation, it tested the overall quality of the contestants.

For example, if you couldn’t defeat someone, you could run fast. It’s also an advantage if one couldn’t be eliminated.

For example, if the other two were fighting, it was also in line with the rules for one person to jump out and take advantage of the situation when the other party was injured.

For example, Shi Yu could get Baby Ginseng to create a clone and lure the wild ferocious beasts to Gao Xuan’s side. Letting Gao Xuan suffer the attacks of monarch-level ferocious beasts was even more of a battle strategy that conformed to the rules!!

Such rules were much worse for performance, but it was understandable. At that time, the world competition would definitely be even more dangerous than this. They wouldn’t even care about life and death. The various competition versions were also to give the young Beast Tamers of Dong Huang a warning in advance. In the next year, there would probably be more and more such competitions.

“Whatever rules you like, then. I’ll just add points.” Shi Yu sighed.

As the National League approached, he just had to add some points.

Strength was the most important thing in dealing with all rules!!

A day later.

In the ruins space.

At this moment, Eleven was training the Bean Bears daily.

“Wu wu wu wu wu!!!”

Eleven, who had enlarged, was holding several bean bears in its palm.

The Bean Bears, who knew its fate, cried.