Chapter 337 - Gem Cat’S Breakthrough Wish (2)

Chapter 337 Gem Cat’s Breakthrough Wish (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

It was a super battleship with special energy enhancements. It was expensive to build, right?

However, although the energy of this kind of battleship was huge, it was basically used to maintain its function. It was actually very tiring to fight. It was best at super long-range attacks. If it was boarded by the enemy, the countermeasures weren’t that strong.

A moment later, the silver sea battleship stopped not far from Shi Yu. Xiao Qin and the other two stood on the battleship, and the four of them looked at each other.

“We meet again.” Shi Yu smiled and greeted the two soldiers.

Huang Qi and Qin Mingzhi nodded. At that time, the Tyrannical Sea Legend had suggested that they join the Environmental Protection Department. They didn’t expect there to really be a chance. They hoped to obtain the Ice Dragon Badge too!!

As for the Time Fruit, as long as he worked hard for Shi Yu, he should have a chance to become a core member, right??

“I’m Xiao Qin, quasi general of the Dong Huang Navy’s Dong Hai Fleet. Later on, because of my injuries, I’ve been recuperating in the mechanical army. This is the first time we meet, Minister Shi Yu.” Xiao Qin looked at Shi Yu. Because it was the first time they met, she took the initiative to introduce herself.

“General Xiao Qin, hello.” Shi Yu also nodded. He had obtained some information about the other party from Principal Feng.

Xiao Qin, the daughter of the legendary Beast Tamer Xiao Hai in the Beast Tamer Troops. After she became an adult, she directly joined the army and grew into a quasi general all the way. She was a Beast Tamer with the strength of the navy. However, later on, she fell into danger due to the harsh weather when she was crusading against pirates. In the end, she was seriously injured. It was said that in order to recuperate, she withdrew from the front line.

When Shi Yu saw the scar on the other party’s face, he knew that it might be true. As for the other two, they were also well-known figures in the younger generation of the navy. Otherwise, it would be impossible for them to obtain a spot in Dragon Palace City that occurred once every five years. They were both master-level Beast Tamers who had contracted several monarch-level sea beasts. Shi Yu remembered that Huang Qi seemed to have contracted another monarch-level sponge life form in Dragon Palace City this time, while that Qin Mingzhi had contracted a monarch-level Dragon Claw Octopus. “Did you contract this battleship?” Shi Yu asked Xiao Qin.

Xiao Qin shook her head and said, “No, this Silver Sea battleship is the subsidiary of a super battleship of the navy’s mechanical army. It’s similar to a clone, and it can’t be contracted. However, I can rely on commands to command it for the time being. Next, I’ll use this battleship as the core and modify it into a sea base of the Marine Environmental Protection Department.”

Shi Yu was slightly stunned. They wanted to use this big guy to modify it into a sea base for the Ministry of Environmental Protection.

Not bad.

However…

“There’s no hurry. This thing is very fast, right?”

“Do you have the coordinates of the Chaos Sea? How about we take a look over there?” Shi Yu smiled.

When he returned from the Rainbow Islands in the Dragon Palace City, he asked the Ice Dragon and the Sea Dragon King to help him recover the Rainbow Islands. The Sea Dragon King indeed promised to send troops there later.

Shi Yu didn’t know what the situation was over there either. He wanted to take a look.

The Multicolored Archipelago belonged to the Chaotic Sea at the border of the Dong Huang Sea and the Seven Islands Sea. It wasn’t too far away. Susu had yet to return home after following him out. Now that it had mastered the maximum level of cleansing, it wasn’t bad to go back and train.

On the way, he sent the badge to Ice Dragon in Dragon Palace City.

Most importantly, after leaving the range of Dong Huang, the Multi Colored Islands were all near the totem area. Perhaps he could find targets suitable for the bombardment of Baby Ginseng.

As for danger… Shi Yu looked at the gem cat fishing on the ice beside him. With the protection of the overlord cat that could teleport, what was the danger? For the gem fruit, the gem cat returned not long after returning to Ancient Capital University… It was impossible for it to put Baby Ginseng in danger.

“Chaotic Sea Region?” Xiao Qin raised her eyebrows and said, “That place is already far from the Dong Huang Sea Region. Pirates are everywhere there. Why are we going there?”

“Don’t tell me it’s also for the treasure left by the Pirate King.”

“Huh?” Shi Yu was stunned.

“What did you say just now?” This girl also transmigrated? How did she know about the Pirate King and One Piece?”

Was it a misunderstanding?

“One Piece is… real?” Shi Yu probed.

“What one piece?” Xiao Qin was confused.

“What’s with the Pirate King and the big secret treasure you just mentioned…” Shi Yu sighed and asked.

“And, what’s this Pirate King?” Shi Yu asked again.

“Don’t you know?” The corners of Xiao Qin’s mouth curled up. “I thought you knew.”

Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, and the other pets hung on Shi Yu and shook their heads secretly.

How could Shi Yu know this info? This fellow had already been tortured by adding points and meditation to the point where he didn’t have time to study. He was hanging on by the index’s search function.

As for the index, it only included information in the country. It would be strange if Shi Yu wasn’t confused about things from abroad.

“The Chaotic Sea Region is the paradise for pirates. These pirates mainly prey on the merchant ships between the seven islands and the Dragon Blood Beast cubs of the East Sea. They don’t belong to any force, but because they’re wanted by Dong Huang, Dragon Palace City, and the seven islands, they’re mainly stationed in the various totem countries and sell their goods.”

“Since entering the modern era, there have actually been very few pirates, and even fewer powerful pirates. However, in ancient times, the profession of pirate was very popular. There were even many legendary Beast Tamers who ran rampant on the sea, calling themselves the overlord of the sea. The so-called Pirate King was a titled-level pirate who appeared on the seven islands during the era of the Sky Emperor Dynasty. It was said that he roamed the world as a pirate and plundered the treasures of many countries, completing the dreams of many pirates. Before he died, he even announced that the Beast Taming Space had been modified into a mystic realm, leaving behind a legendary resource that was sealed in a certain place in the East Sea, waiting for the fated to find it.”