Chapter 331 - Slime Of The Overlord Race (2)

Chapter 331 Slime of the Overlord Race (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Ancient Capital University, archeology Department, third-year dormitory.

Zheng Yingjie, an archaeological Department student, was browsing the Ghost Beast Video in boredom. Then, he discovered the promotion of Ancient Capital University.

“Huh?” Zheng Yingjie clicked it.

A minute later, he opened his mouth slightly.

“Holy shit, what’s this?”.

“Lost history? Meaning actual lost history?”

“The Ancient University certification is real?”

“Ice Dragon General under Emperor Shi? A mixed-blood Titled Beast Tamer? Really?”

“Who is this time traveler account?”

Under extreme shock, he quickly forwarded the video to a small group called the archaeological Seven Elites.

“Look, what does the school’s official account mean by forwarding this video?”.

Apart from this, some students from the archeology Department and the battle department of the first year of Ancient Capital University also saw this video.

Unlike those who didn’t know the situation, as people who had personally experienced the heroic spirit ruins, they originally knew part of General Mu Huiyin’s situation!

It was just that due to the contract at that time, they couldn’t say what happened to the heroic spirit ruins.

But at this moment, when they saw the unknown account pushed by the school and the video of “Mu Huiyin Legend” released by the unknown account, their faces flushed. Holy shit, the news had been sealed for almost a year. Was this archaeological discovery finally going to be announced?

“At the same time, in other words, the news that Shi Yu contracted General Mu Huiyin’s heroic spirit won’t be hidden for long?” Wang Ling, Yu Shu, Miao Dongdong, and the others from the archaeology Department, who were born in the same batch as Shi Yu, had hateful expressions on their faces. Damn it, this time, Shi Yu could act cool again.

Eh? Time Traveler… F*ck, it couldn’t be Shi Yu, right?

A well-made video became popular very quickly.

Even if it was a pure rookie production without any traffic, it could quickly ferment with the amount of passers-by. Moreover, Shi Yu had even gotten the Ancient Capital University’s official account to do this with.

In less than an hour, the number of views on this video exceeded 10,000. It first spread among the archeology departments of the nine major universities.

Imperial Capital University, archeology Department, second year class group.

This video was forwarded by a student here. The students instantly discussed.

(Look, everyone. The Ice Dragon General under Emperor Shi, a titled Beast Tamer that hasn’t been recorded. Is this for real? It feels more like a preview of a big movie, but it’s ridiculous if it’s reposted and verified by Ancient Capital University. So, it’s a real archaeological discovery?)

[Is the archaeological Association going to collapse? Why are the archaeological discoveries starting to be announced in Pyro?]

[F*ck, where can I buy this production and movie tickets?]

(Ice Dragon General is so beautiful, Goddess Mu Huiyin. I want to be the dog of the Ice Dragon General! Step on me!)

Teacher: “Cough, cough.”

This archaeology teacher’s face darkened. What was going on? However, he also looked at the video and fell into deep shock. At the first moment, he also thought that it was a promotional video for a high-quality big movie. But soon, compared to the quality of the video, what attracted him more was the information revealed in the plot.

The number one general under Emperor Shi? A mixed-blood titled Beast Tamer?

In history, there had never been a record of such a super expert.

However, the end of the preview told the audience that it was a history that Mu Huiyin had taken the initiative to hide.

In addition, Ancient Capital University had certified…

In short, if it was true, it would definitely be the greatest archaeological discovery of the year. But why was it published in this way?

“The number one general under Emperor

Shi?!

At Imperial Capital University, Yin Zhengfan from the battle department also saw the video on his Moments. However, after he finished watching it, apart from the shock and amazement of the others, there was also a trace of confusion.

Why did he feel that apart from the difference in size, the form, color, and even voice of the Red Sparrow Sword in Great General Mu Huiyin’s hand was almost identical to the sword spirit Shi Yu had contracted?

It was like the sword spirit Shi Yu contracted to act as General Mu Huiyin’s sword.

“Look.” After Shi Yu did these things, he looked at Buggy and Chi Tong, who had become popular in the video, and was very excited.

After all, it was the result of their hard work for a day. This was much more tiring than training, especially Buggy. It felt that shooting a preview was even more tiring than fighting for three days and three nights!

Now, the video had rushed to the leaderboards in just a few hours. How could Buggy and Chi Tong not be surprised?

At this moment, there were more comments below the video.

[Are all newbies monsters?]

(Tell me, which big boss is it! Ancient Capital University… Could it be Dr. Lu Qingyi?]

(Why is it a preview—Without General Mu Huiyin I’m gonna die…]

(Vote cast, quickly update.]

Shi Yu chuckled. Speaking of which, he and Chi Tong had never fought in a relatively public competition.

The martial arts conference was considered half popular, but unfortunately, it had just begun and ended. He didn’t know if anyone would discover the relationship between Mu Huiyin and Chi Tong.

To be precise, someone had already discovered that White Brook, Lin Xiuzhu, and the others, who were more familiar with Shi Yu and had more contact with Chi Tong, had already begun to send private messages to confirm.

“Eh, are you awake?”

Suddenly, Shi Yu, who was paying attention to the video, temporarily looked away.

In the Beast Taming Space, Susu’s aura suddenly began to climb steadily.

Shi Yu understood that it had successfully swallowed the sea of fire core!

“Come.” Under Shi Yu’s summoning,

Soon, a Water Slime filled with Essence Energy appeared in front of Shi Yu.

“Ning!”