Chapter 335 - Gem Cat’S Breakthrough Wish

Chapter 335 Gem Cat’s Breakthrough Wish

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“I know where to go.” Looking at Baby Ginseng, Shi Yu chuckled. Baby Ginseng wanted to self-destruct, but it definitely couldn’t self-destruct in the city.

After all, the power of its self-destruction was probably not much different from the small forbidden weapon that Gao Xuan had thrown.

Although it was only a commander rank now, it would die either way. Before it self-destructed, it would definitely be filled with buffs.

For example, the Time Fruit ability that stimulated the greatest effect.

In general, in order to not bear the side effects of the Time Fruit, the effect of the Time Fruit it created was not maxed out, be it the food it ate or the Time Fruit it gave Eleven and the others.

The Time Fruit with the greatest effect could theoretically raise the pets of these overlord races to the overlord level in an instant.

However, the side effect was definitely ten times greater than Shi Yu teaching super skills. If it dared to try, it would die.

However, since Baby Ginseng was already determined to self-destruct, there was no need to consider the side effects of the Time Fruit.

It was about to die, why would it be afraid that the fruit is poisonous?

Therefore, the self-destruction of Baby Ginseng was directly equivalent to the self-destruction of an overlord-level “ferocious beast”.

Even if they were also overlords, they would probably tremble in fear when they saw it.

Perhaps only top-level overlords like the Dragon Palace City’s General, the Sky Penetrating Whale, and the Tyrannical Sea Legend’s mutated Leviathan could face it calmly.

Other ordinary overlords would either die or be heavily injured. A killer move of this level could even ambush an overlord. It had to be used in the right place…

Shi Yu glanced at the cell phone message and said, “It’s Saturday today, right?”

“Then the assistant Principal Feng and the others mentioned should be here today…”

Although the news of the World Tournament had now swept through Dong Huang, the matter of Shi Yu cooperating with the Ice Dragon to establish an Environmental Protection Department with Dragon Palace City as the center also attracted high attention.

In order to strengthen their cooperation with Dragon Palace City, the Dong Huang Association decided to also establish the Marine Environmental Protection Department in Dong Huang and lay the foundation for them to befriend the Blue Sea Sprite Reincarnation. As for the headquarters of this Environmental Protection Department, Shi Yu confirmed the address to the sea area near the Ice Dragon Snow Mountain in Icefield City.

At that time, Legend of the Sea Tyrant, Principal Feng, and the others said that they would send an assistant to assist Shi Yu in establishing it. The so-called assistant would reach Icefield City today and from the sea.

“I remember. It seems to be the Dong Huang Navy?” Shi Yu said. “They will drive a battleship to assist us and build an environmental base on the sea.”

Shi Yu said, “I have a driver. I know where to

go.”

Boom! Boom!!

Just as Shi Yu was filled with bad ideas, the outside world suddenly trembled.

Seeing this, Shi Yu scratched his head.

“Alright, the bodyguards are in position. We’re even safer now.” Outside the training villa, a hungry white big cat ran back to Ping Cheng from the ancient capital with a yawn.

In any case, it was just sleeping at Ancient Capital University. It was better to come back and eat and drink.

Eastern Sea.

A silver battleship 200 meters long and more than 20 meters wide was slowly sailing in the direction of the Ice Dragon Snow Mountain.

On the battleship, two young men and a young woman in white navy clothes were looking at the snow mountain in the distance.

Among the three, there were two men and a woman. They didn’t look very old and couldn’t be more than 30 years old. From the badges on their uniforms, the highest military rank of the woman among the three was a standard general. The other two were major and were all officers.

Among the three major units of the Beast Tamer Troops, be it the air force, the navy, or the army, having certain military ranks basically meant that they had master-level strength.

“We’re almost there.” The leading female general looked fiercer. Half of her face had huge burn marks, and she was holding a cigarette.

“General Xiao Qin, we’ve already contacted Minister Shi Yu. He said he’ll wait for us at the edge of the snow mountain,” the major said.

“I understand.” The brigadier general named Xiao Qin nodded.

She recalled the order she received two days ago.

Dong Huang Navy headquarters.

In the office of the legendary general, Xiao

Hai.

“The Dong Huang Association has recently established a Marine Environmental Protection Department. From today onwards, you will be transferred to work there. This is the document.” Xiao Hai handed the document to the female general in front of him.

“I don’t understand. Didn’t I say I wanted to participate in the world competition? Why did you transfer me to such a strange place?”

The woman glanced at the document and patted the table. “Dad, what do you mean to do? What’s this Marine Environmental Protection Department?”

The Environmental Protection Department didn’t sound like a proper place.

As a top-notch master, she should have been fighting at the front line, but in the end, she went to the environmental department?

“The meaning is very simple. You’re not qualified to participate in the world competition. If you were half as outstanding as your sister or that Ye Xing, I wouldn’t be so worried about you,” the legendary Beast Tamer Xiao Hai said.

“Go. This Environmental Protection Department isn’t simple. You can obtain better training here,” Xiao Hai said. “Moreover, with your mechanical attainments, it won’t take you much effort to help build an ocean base there.”

“Alright.” Xiao Qin frowned and glanced at the document. “But there’s no key information written on this at all. I want to know what this Marine Environmental Protection Department does exactly. Who’s in charge? Don’t tell me I’m only going to help build a sea base.”

“As the name suggests, the Ocean Environmental Protection Department is the department that protects the ocean environment.”

Xiao Qin: “?”

“The minister is Shi Yu. At the moment, he’s the only one in the entire Marine Environmental Protection Department.”

Xiao Qin: “?”

“Which legend is Shi Yu? Why haven’t I heard of him? A new legend? Or is he a top-notch master? Is there such a figure in the navy?” Xiao Qin asked.