Chapter 332 - Slime Of The Overlord Race (3)

Chapter 332 Slime of the Overlord Race (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

After appearing, Susu slowly opened its blue eyes on the table.

“Mi!!!” Chi Tong greeted Susu and instructed Buggy to quickly show Susu the video.

“Wu… (Ah, battery is dead.)” Shi Yu and Susu : “…”

“Who cares about the video now?” At this moment, Shi Yu didn’t have the time to pay attention to the video. He looked at Susu in surprise.

“Ning!” Susu was excited.

After devouring the core of the Sea of Fire Sprite, it successfully evolved and mastered a new skill!

The newly awakened skill made it even more satisfied.

At this moment, Shi Yu felt very good looking at the energetic Susu!

< Name > Mutated Water Slime

[Race Level]: Low-level overlord

(Level of Growth]: Commander Level

This time, after Susu swallowed the Flame Sea Sprite core, her race level finally broke through to overlord.

The skill it awakened also made Shi Yu feel invincible.

Skill: Holy Water Ring

< Introduction > It’s a super water-type skill. It creates a resistance water ring. When affected by negative effects, they are reduced and the water-type skill effects are increased!

“Perfect.”

Among the three treasures Dragon Palace City wanted, the first two didn’t allow Susu to awaken super skills and become an overlord race. In terms of regret, there definitely were some.

Whether it was the final power crystal of the overlord-level mermaid or the million-year-old protective shell created by the totem-level old turtle, the quality of the resources was definitely not low. It was not much inferior to the evolution materials of Eleven, Buggy, and Baby Ginseng. Therefore, the problem could only be solved with skills.

Shi Yu thought about it and guessed that it was because the proficiency level of Infinite Devour was too low.

Eleven’s was an evolution skill that had advanced into the Dao, and so was Buggy’s. Baby Ginseng’s, on the other hand, was a transcendent high-level evolution skill. In terms of effect, it was definitely stronger than the entry-level Infinite Devour, even if Infinite Devour was a super skill.

However, after devouring so many nutritional fruits, time fruits, and various high-quality resources, the proficiency increase was surprisingly fast. Coupled with Absolute Sleep, it quickly had the effect of proficiency. Therefore, this time, Susu swallowed the Sea of Fire Sprite core and instantly obtained a super skill. Its race level naturally reached the overlord level.

Holy Water Ring

This skill didn’t look much, and perhaps it didn’t look like Buggy’s phantom image or a high-level skill like Baby Ginseng’s Time Fruit, both of which were stronger, nor could it compare to skills like the Imagination Domain and the Time Mark… However, this skill was undoubtedly the most suitable for Susu.

With the Holy Water Ring, no matter what poison, curse, or pollution it was, as long as it didn’t exceed the endurance level of the Holy Water Ring, it could directly become its nutrition, in turn increasing the effect of its water-type skills!

Purification was also a water-element skill. The stronger the poison, the better the cleansing effect. This directly countered the enemy!

Moreover, as a super skill, even in harsh environments like extreme heat and extreme cold that could completely change Susu’s life form, the Holy Water Ring was also effective. It could also increase the power of Susu’s water-type skill, and its nature was similar to the Interlocking Sword.

The Sea Fire Sprite core had made a huge contribution. Shi Yu immediately felt that he had chosen the right resource.

With this skill, when it received Chi Tong’s Possession, Chi Tong could not only rely on Susu’s water-element power to increase the effect of the Interlocking Sword, but Susu could also rely on Chi Tong’s Sun Flame power to increase the effect of the water-element skill. Both parties could block each other’s BUGs and instantly increase to the upper limit of their endurance. This was an invincible super combination skill.

“Susu, next, I’m going to increase your skill proficiency with all my might. Are you prepared to break through to the monarch level?” Shi Yu couldn’t wait to upgrade Susu’s racial skills. It had a bunch of racial skills. After maximizing them and adding the overlord’s will, it was easy to break through to the monarch level. There was no need to get stuck.

At that time, when he fused with the monarch-level Chi Tong, it was not impossible for his energy to exceed ten million. Shi Yu would be invincible below the overlord level!

“Mi!” Chi Tong was pleasantly surprised.

“Wu wu wu wu?” Buggy was stunned by the side. Susu was only at the transcendent level previously, but it was going to break through to the monarch level so quickly? In other words, was Buggy going to be the fourth person in the team to break through to the monarch level?

It was clearly the first overlord race in the team…