Chapter 336 - Gem Cat’S Breakthrough Wish (1)

Chapter 336 Gem Cat’s Breakthrough Wish (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“He’s not a legendary Beast Tamer or a member of the navy,” Xiao Hai said. “He’s a freshman in Ancient Capital University.”

Xiao Qin: “?”

“What?”

“But he’s also an official member of the third and eleventh bureau. Oh, the first bureau too, I suppose. That should be soon. It’s very normal that you haven’t heard of his name. You don’t really pay attention to the situation on land, but you should know this. The Green Silkworm cocoon, this special evolution form of the Green Silkworm that’s about to be promoted in the army, was developed by him.”

Xiao Qin still frowned and suddenly had an impression.

She knew about the Feeding Bureau, the Archeology Bureau… the Green Silkworm cocoon. However, Xiao Qin didn’t understand. How could such a genius Beast Tamer of a research type, science type, and exploration type be related to the Marine Environmental Protection Department? Moreover, he actually wanted her to be a subordinate or even help build a base. It was ridiculous.

“I don’t understand,” she said.

“I don’t understand either.” Xiao Hai looked at his daughter and said, “In fact, an Ocean Environmental Protection Department has also been established in East Sea Dragon Palace City. Dong Huang’s Environmental Protection Department is actually established to correspond to the department of Dragon Palace City. You just have to know that this Shi Yu is also the minister of the Ocean Environmental Protection Department of Dragon Palace City. According to reliable news, there are more than 50 overlords of Dragon Palace City joining the Sea Environmental Protection Department of Dragon Palace City. The Sea Dragon King, the Azure Dragon King, and the descendants of the Thunder Dragon King have also joined. Many descendants of overlords and monarchs are only ordinary members among them. Apart from that, there are even tens of thousands of monarchs and commanders inside. So, do you understand now?”

On the other side, Xiao Qin’s pupils dilated slightly.

“In short, there’s nothing wrong with you joining this department. If it weren’t for the fact that it’s unsuitable for me, Even I want to go see what’s going on.” Xiao Hai pushed out the documents.

At the same time, General Xiao Qin said in disbelief, “How is this possible?”

This person called Shi Yu led dozens of overlords? Tens of thousands of monarchs and commanders?

How was this possible? Unless he was the son of the Dragon God.

No, even if it was the son of the Dragon God, it was too ridiculous.

“He also has a deep relationship with a totem ice dragon that survived from the Time Emperor Era. That ice dragon has already joined Dragon Palace City and become the eighth Dragon King of Dragon Palace City. Shi Yu himself has even obtained the honor of being a general of Dragon Palace City. With the relationship between Dragon Palace City and Dong Huang, his identity and status are not a problem for him to be a general of our navy. Letting you temporarily become his subordinate is in accordance with the rules. This is all the information I know. As for whether there are more secrets, you can explore them yourself.”

“I hope you can grow a little in the Marine Environmental Department that has a deep connection to Dragon Palace City. Do you still have any questions?”.

“…” Xiao Qin had yet to recover from her shock. After a moment of silence, she said, “Apart from me, is anyone else going this time?”

“Huang Qi, Qin Mingzhi.”

Xiao Qin said, “The two of them… By the way, did the two of them get a chance to go to Dragon Palace City this year?”

These two people were also genius warriors in the navy. Their results in the Marine Beast Tamer’s military arena were very good.

“Well, they should have seen Shi Yu long ago and are the first batch of Marines to know about the Marine Environmental Protection Department.”

“Is this Shi Yu really as powerful as you say?”

“He easily defeated the Second Prince of Dragon Palace City with the Iron-eating Beast and used a Water Slime to defeat the heir of an overlord…”

On the battleship driving towards the snow mountain, Xiao Qin licked her lips and asked Huang Qi and Qin Mingzhi, the two majors beside her.

The tall, thick-browed, and big-eyed Qin Mingzhi sighed and said, “Although we didn’t come into contact much in the past few days, from the situation at the Dragon Palace banquet, Minister Shi Yu’s strength is very unfathomable.”

“I’m not sure about other things. That Nine Li Battle Beast is a monster. Its strength and ability crushed the Thunder Dragon Crown Prince. A hundred-meter-tall beast… It’s even larger than the totem dragons. It’s so scary. I’m definitely not its match,” Huang Qi said with a tsk.

Xiao Qin said, “Then I have to meet this Minister Shi Yu later.”

The Beast Tamer, who was still strong, talented, and had a very mysterious experience, was about to become her superior. She wanted to fight him and take a look.

“Ah, this.” The other two smiled bitterly. No way, did they have to fight…

The battleship was getting closer and closer to the glacier. Xiao Qin, Huang Qi, and Qin Mingzhi, the three navy Beast Tamers sent by the Dong Huang Association to assist Shi Yu, suddenly discovered a super floating ice.

On the floating ice, a figure was sitting on a chair fishing

On his body, a Water Slime sat on his head. The Water Slime became a bird’s nest, and a little bird spirit was lying on it. On the young man’s left shoulder was a panda, and his right shoulder was a butterfly. The most unbelievable thing was that there was a ginseng baby on the fishing pole. “Coming.” Apart from these pets, there was also a gem cat beside the young man. It yawned and slowly spoke.

e was

At the same time, Shi Yu looked up at the battleship in the distance.

“Shi… Shi Yu.”

On the other side, holding a telescope and looking at this figure from afar, Qin Mingzhi took a deep breath and said, “How enjoyable. Is this the life of a big boss?”

“Not a bad battleship.”

“Unfortunately, it doesn’t look like it can fly.”

< Name > Silver Sea Warship

[Attributes]: Machinery

[Race Level]: High-level Monarch (Quasi overlord)

(Level of Growth]: Monarch Level

Energy Points: 20.6 million

As the battleship approached, Shi Yu put away his pole and slowly got up.