Chapter 330 - Slime Of The Overlord Race (1)

Chapter 330 Slime of the Overlord Race (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

[Suppressing the totem with her own strength.]

[Annihilating 39 overlords, destroying countless monarchs.]

In just a minute, the video was stuffed with a lot of content. The battle scene occupied the core, allowing people to clearly experience Mu Huiyin’s strength. She didn’t rely on any pets at all. All the pets were even just mounts. A person and a sword killed countless overlords. The fiery sword light covered the sky and the ground.

In the video, Mu Huiyin and her holding the longsword called Red Sparrow that could emit the cry of a phoenix were absolute protagonists.

[From today onwards, you are the Ice Dragon General of the Dong Huang Dynasty.]

A dignified voice sounded.

However, what appeared in the scene was the figure of the woman leaving the seed of power on the heroic spirit altar that many people were familiar with before gradually leaving.

[This place doesn’t suit me.)

(A snow mountain is not enough to isolate the huge ocean empire. Leave the border of the dynasty to me. Remember to erase my information.)

As the final voice fell, the video ended.

“Lost History: Legend of Mu Huiyin”, please wait for more.

A few big words appeared again, making the review editor, Wang Dahu, fall into deep thought. “What’s going on, what’s going on…!”

He stopped work and opened the webpage. He searched for the words “Mu Huiyin” on the webpage, but he got no results.

He used the video to check the heavy software and compared this video in the resource bank. The result was also that this was a very new original video.

What the hell…

He widened his eyes. Don’t tell him that this was created by a newbie. Are you sure this isn’t a promotional film for a huge movie worth hundreds of millions?

However, this level 1 alternate account named Time Traveler didn’t even have a certification. It didn’t look like the official account of a big company at all. The review editor couldn’t be rectified immediately.

“Lost history… Remember to erase my information… General under Emperor Shi? Holy shit, what does this video mean?”

Icefield, Ping Cheng.

An hour after Buggy posted the video, the assessment finally passed. Buggy ran to Shi Yu excitedly with its cell phone.

“It passed?”

Buggy used its mental strength to control the cell phone to show Shi Yu the video interface. Shi Yu, who was meditating, was slightly stunned.

It was pretty fast.

However, the video had just passed the review. There were only six views, and there were no comments.

“This won’t do. The video is not bad, but there’s no reach…”

Shi Yu took out his cell phone and sent Senior Lu a message.

Shi Yu: “Senior, do you have a Pyro account? Do you have a lot of fans? Help me repost a video!! The Legend of Mu Huiyin we talked about yesterday is done!”

A moment later.

Lu Qingyi: “…”

Senior Lu: “…You really did it. There is an account, but there aren’t many fans, and there’s no identity verification.”

Shi Yu: “Ah, forget it then. I’ll call Principal Feng.”

Senior Lu: “He definitely doesn’t have such a thing…?”

Shi Yu: “It’s not a big problem. He can use the Ancient Capital University’s official account.” Lu Qingyi: “?”

Soon, Principal Feng, who was at Ancient Capital University, let out a puff. He used the video software he had just downloaded to swipe “Mu Huiyin Legend” while speaking to Shi Yu through voice chat. He was infinitely stunned.

“Why are you so fast!!” Yesterday, Shi Yu had just told him that he was preparing to announce General Mu Huiyin’s deeds and even wanted to film a documentary movie with General Mu Huiyin as the protagonist. Why was it filmed today?

“Which film company did you hire? How did you do it!”

After watching the video, Principal Feng was immediately shocked.

“Isn’t there the Butterfly of Imagination?”

“Wu-” On the other end of the phone, Buggy’s proud voice came.

“Uh.” Principal Feng was stunned. Holy shit, was this how the butterfly of imagination of the overlord race was used?

“You…” Principal Feng sighed.

Regarding Shi Yu being able to do things related to history, even in a way that he, an old man, wasn’t familiar with, Principal Feng was quite gratified. At least, it was more in line with Shi Yu’s identity than playing with feeding and even machinery. However, publicizing the truth of history… Why was he making such a big scene, making his blood boil, and why was it so exaggerated?

Moreover, was the preview appropriate? Why was it incomplete?

“Why didn’t you finish it in one go?” Principal Feng asked.

“It’s too tiring. According to my experience, continuous dramas are more popular. At the same time, the trailer can also stimulate the curiosity and desire of the audience to explore. When the time comes, it will be archaeological for everyone. Isn’t this more meaningful as clearly exploring history instead of crushing it, and feeding it to people in one go?”

“Principal Feng, times have changed. How can there be so many young people who care about history now? Using this kind of movie preview model will stir up more discussion and also let more people know the truth of history. The news released by the archaeological Association isn’t as high as Heavenly King Zou’s selfie traffic… Don’t worry, I’m a professional.”

“I plan to announce General Mu Huiyin’s deeds in ten videos! Every time, it won’t be long, mainly because many people don’t watch it for too long.”

Principal Feng :”…” Principal Feng pondered. Really?

Don’t lie to him.

“Alright… I’ll get Ancient Capital University to… certify you.”

With Principal Feng’s nod, the official account of the Pyro Company of Ancient Capital University helped repost this video.

He even left a message: Big archaeological discovery!! Thumbs up!

Most of the people who paid attention to the official account of Ancient Capital University were students of Ancient Capital University. For a moment, the students of Ancient Capital University, especially the archeology students of Ancient Capital University, also gradually refreshed this video.