Chapter 338 - Gem Cat’S Breakthrough Wish (3)

Chapter 338 Gem Cat’s Breakthrough Wish (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“But after a long time, no one really found the so-called big secret treasure, but some time ago, news of the Pirate King Ruins suddenly spread, and many pirates started to party again. The Dong Huang Navy also secretly paid attention to this matter, but I don’t know if it’s a rumor or if it’s true.” Xiao Qin put out the cigarette and said.

“It’s ridiculous.” Shi Yu took a deep breath.

Speaking of which, it was good to have strength. One could travel the world as a pirate and even plunder treasures from other countries…

“What legendary resource?” Shi Yu asked again.

“It’s said to be a legendary gem snatched by the Pirate King in the Gem Kingdom. Why, are you interested?” Xiao Qin said.

“That’s not it. It’s just that I’m meeting a member of the Environmental Protection Department of Dragon Palace City in the Multi Colored Islands in the Chaotic Sea,” Shi Yu said.

However, just as he finished speaking, the gem cat beside him almost fell into the water with a shocked expression!

Gem Kingdom?

Was it the totem country that believed in the Gem King Beast?

That was the best place to produce the Cat’s Eye Gem needed for the evolution of the gem cats.

Legendary-level gem?

“Huh?”

Suddenly, the gem cat looked at Shi Yu.

“Huh?”

Shi Yu also looked at the gem cat.

The gem cat stared…

Damn…

Damn Shi Yu, how could he not be interested!

If there was really a gem, it could successfully break through to the totem level with the gem and become a better bodyguard!!

“Huh?”

Shi Yu was stunned. He suddenly remembered that the gem cat seemed to have been thinking about the Legendary-level gem resource and wanted to rely on this to break through… Could it be that the gem cat was interested in the ruins of the Pirate King…

However, if he remembered correctly, the gem cat seemed to have used a legendary gem to try to break through.

Unfortunately, it failed.

Although Legendary-level resources could almost 100% allow monarch-level pets to break through to the overlord level…

However, there was less than a tenth of a chance for an overlord-level pet to break through to the totem level.

Using this to break through was too extravagant.

Now, Teacher Cat actually wanted to break through again?

But even if he obtained the gem, the success rate of this breakthrough was also worrying.

Shi Yu: “In any case, even if there are really ruins of the Pirate King, aren’t there so many pirates? Isn’t it a little dangerous…”

(Do I have to disguise Baby Ginseng as a gem and kill a bunch of them first?]

Gem Cat: “Just lead the way. I’ll think of a way.”

The man and cat communicated secretly.

However, if there were really legendary-level resources that needed to be snatched by force, Shi Yu and the others were really very relaxed.

As the minister of the Ministry of Environmental Protection of Dragon Palace City, the various Dragon Palace overlords owed him a favor. With a call from him, he could pull dozens of overlords over. Even if the Pirate King revived, he would be scared to death, let alone a group of small pirates. “We can go to the Chaotic Sea,” Xiao Qin said indifferently. In any case, there was a battleship.

“But before we go there, Minister Shi Yu, I wonder if you can give me some guidance. Of course, it’s alright to refuse. I just heard the two of them talk about the magical deeds of Minister Shi Yu’s pets and wanted to experience it if possible.”

Xiao Qin’s gaze, which contained battle intent, landed on Shi Yu’s cute pets. She was very curious why these cute pets were so scary in the mouths of Huang Qi and Qin Mingzhi.

After recuperating in the mechanical department for so long, it had been a long time since she had fought with experts. The World Tournament was imminent, and Xiao Qin, who hoped to enter the top ten, didn’t want to miss any opportunity to challenge experts.

“Battle?” Shi Yu didn’t expect the subordinate sent by the association to challenge him. He was momentarily stunned.

If he remembered correctly, the other party was level-six, while he was only level-five. Wasn’t this bullying him?

If he lost, how could he be happy as this person’s superior?

“Yes, it can be done with single 1vsi.” As Xiao Qin finished speaking, with a thought, a purple summoning array appeared in front of her. In the summoning array, a red sea star that was completely naked, covered in black holes, two meters tall, and had human features appeared.

< Name > Demon Sea Star

[Attributes]: Water, Spirit

(Race Level): Low-level overlord

(Level of Growth]: Monarch Level

Energy Points: 2,8800,000 “Tsk tsk…” After this terrifying red star appeared, it smiled at its Beast Tamer and waved at the other three. In the end, it looked at the panda, ginseng baby, butterfly, and red bird spirit on Shi Yu’s body.

Boom!

At the same time, energy surged on Xiao Qin’s body. Her short hair fluttered as she activated her strengthening talent.

< Name > Demon Sea Star

Energy Points: 6.9 million

The rising aura of the red star made Eleven and the others look serious.

“Not bad.” Seeing that Xiao Qin’s development of the Beast Taming Talent had actually reached this level, Shi Yu’s gaze was stunned.

As expected of a top-notch master of Marine strength.

“You’ve already summoned your pet. How can I refuse?” Then, Shi Yu said helplessly. At his signal, Chi Tong, in the form of a bird spirit, slowly flew up.

“Screech ~!” It met the gaze of the Demon Sea Star, and burned.

Since this person would be assisting him, then why not a friendly battle.

“Huh?” At this moment, when it saw Shi Yu and this girl who weren’t anxious at all nor afraid that the gem would be taken by others first… Not to mention they were even about to fight here… The gem cat beside them was immediately anxious. These guys could fight when they came back! What about its breakthrough opportunity…