Chapter 334 - Baby Ginseng Wants To Self-Explode (1)

Chapter 334 Baby Ginseng Wants to Self-Explode (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

When they used the “impregnable” group defense skill together, Eleven even used electromagnetic control.

As everyone knew, after its defense reached an indestructible level and gave it extreme speed, it could also be converted into super strong attack power.

Eleven opened its palm and activated the combination skill “Super Electromagnetic Bear”. It directly shot out indestructible Bean Bears wrapped in impregnable iron as cannonballs!!

Boom!!!

The super Electromagnetic Bear turned in the magnetic field and bounced back. Its target was actually Eleven itself.

With a bang, ten lightning bolts hit Eleven from all directions, immediately causing a violent explosion.

The smoke dissipated, and the hardened substance fell from Eleven’s body layer by layer. Shocking wounds covered Eleven’s entire body.

But soon, a white halo of light “healing” wrapped around these injuries.

Coupled with the racial talent of the Panda Royal Family, which was the buff to increase strength after being heavily injured, it didn’t take long for Eleven to increase its energy value from the 4.04 million basic energy it had just broken through to 4.07 million. Its various abilities had improved greatly.

However, Eleven was not satisfied and felt that the increase was not big enough.

Generally speaking, the more serious the injury, the better the increase in effect after recovery. However, the problem was that the heavier the injury, the longer the recovery time would be. This would cause other training to be delayed. This gave Eleven a headache. Otherwise, it could do even more cruel training.

Of course, it was fine with the cooperation of Baby Ginseng. Unfortunately, Baby Ginseng was very busy at the moment and was being squeezed dry by Shi Yu and Susu.

Without a doubt, Eleven was currently firmly sitting on the throne of top 1 as a solo combatant in Shi Yu’s team.

As for the second one, it was Chi Tong, who had just broken through. After breaking through, Shi Yu gave Chi Tong a mission to let it choose low, intermediate, and high-level skills that it liked.

Compared to the other fancy teammates, Chi Tong had the least skills. Shi Yu felt that he should teach Chi Tong more skills.

After all, after Chi Tong learned the skill, the cost-effective ratio was still very high.

For example, after it learned super vision and possessed Shi Yu, Shi Yu could also use super vision himself. Such a common skill was very valuable.

As for the way Chi Tong chose skills, it was also very simple. It was through various Beast Taming Movies. In a day, it had already made many records. It was just waiting for Shi Yu to replicate and teach it.

[Chi Tong’s laptop]

(Skill 1: Red Fire Armor, Flame Forms Armor]

[Skill 2: Soul of Fire, protected by the Soul of Fire.]

(Skill 3: Protective Flame, a protective flame that can predict danger.]

[Skill 4: Soul Protection…]

[Skill 6: Holy Soul Qin Shield…]

They were all high-level defensive strengthening skills. Chi Tong felt that for the sake of Shi Yu’s safety, it should learn more defensive skills, preferably buff defensive skills.

After possessing him, it would first stack more than ten defense buffs with transcendent proficiency on Shi Yu. This way, it could fight without any worries.

At that time, there shouldn’t be any big fool who would fight a fully armed turtle. It could let Baby Ginseng attract the enemy’s firepower. In any case, Baby Ginseng could be revived after it died.

“Regarding the fact that as long as all the skills are given to the Beast Tamer with some defense, the Beast Tamer won’t die.” Chi Tong felt that it was very awesome.

On the other hand, Shi Yu still didn’t know that his role had already been arranged appropriately.

He was still working overtime with Baby Ginseng in one hand and Susu in the other.

“Ning!!”

Susu, who was on Shi Yu’s thigh, was in a happy mood. It was like a docile cat that had already accepted the fate of being rubbed every day. It should become stronger with every pinch. It really couldn’t refuse such a good thing For some reason, this feeling of leveling up while lying down made Susu feel very relaxed, as if the thousands of years of training had finally been cleansed.

No one could refuse the temptation of additional points.

Not even the overlord’s will.

If there was, it would definitely be because the points added were not super skills. Otherwise, if half-gods went straight for adding points, the totems wouldn’t be able to hold on

“Yiya…”

Shi Yu added points to Susu, Baby Ginseng added points to Shi Yu.

Looking at the rising aura of Susu, Baby Ginseng was very worried.

Eleven was a monarch, and the level of Chi Tong was monarch. Susu, this little fellow without any worries about suppressing its level, could even reach the level of a monarch at any time.

In other words, it and Buggy might be the last two to break through to the monarch level in the team?

Buggy did not want to be the last to break through in the team, but Baby Ginseng also didn’t want to either.

However, in the team, Buggy and Baby Ginseng were the busiest and most labor intensive.

At this moment, Buggy imagined a few of its clones. Some were making the Ice Dragon Badge, some were filming movies, and some were training the Dragon Skill of Imagination to visualize the Dragon God’s will in the dream. It was very bitter, and Baby Ginseng was not much better off. It commanded a group of clones to enrich its inventory.

Dragon Palace City had pretty much consumed all the Time Fruits and Nutrition Fruits. Now that Shi Yu was about to activate a new round of points, it couldn’t rest for a moment.

In this situation, Baby Ginseng felt that it was very dangerous.

Although it had the Time Fruit and could have monarch-level battle power at any time, this wasn’t as fragrant as the Normal State Monarch level.

Therefore, as he provided supplements to Shi Yu, who was adding points, Baby Ginseng also thought about how it could reach mid-level willpower first and become a monarch.

According to the current situation, Buggy that had visualized the Dragon God Statue was probably the first to break through. This was very bad.

“Alright, the purification and poison resistance are all full.”

A long time later.

Skill: Poison Resistance (Dao Proficiency)

Skill: Purification (Dao Proficiency)

After completing the additional points of these two skills, Shi Yu stretched comfortably.

“Ning!!” Beside him, Susu transformed into two big words of thanks and hopped in front of Shi Yu and Baby Ginseng.

“You’re welcome, but after you break through to the monarch level, it’ll be time for you to work.” Shi Yu smiled.

The purification was already maxed out!

At the maximum level of purification, apart from the effect of cleansing poison and curses, even some negative emotions could be cleansed.

For example, if a pet was in an extremely angry, afraid, and desperate state, then once the cleansing was released, the other party’s anger and fear would slowly disappear.

This effect was very suitable to assist Eleven, Buggy, and Baby Ginseng in training their overlord willpower. After all, the overlord will is gained through overcoming negative emotions like fear and despair.

Apart from that, after Susu broke through to the monarch level, Shi Yu felt that he should be able to let Eleven absorb the Meteorite Fragment. At that time, with the protection of the Blue Sea Sprite Reincarnation that had mastered max-level cleansing, evolution shouldn’t be a problem.

“Ning!!” Susu returned to a ball of water, indicating that he should leave it to it.

“Yiya!!” At the same time, Baby Ginseng secretly poked Shi Yu.

It widened its green eyes and looked at Shi Yu.

“What?”

“Yi!! (I want to experience true life and death once.)” Seeing that Buggy wasn’t here, Baby Ginseng secretly said to Shi Yu.

“Huh??” Shi Yu was stunned.

“Yi!! (Applying for permission to self-destruct once and then revive!)” Baby Ginseng said.

Even a life form with the overlord’s will had never died in the true sense of the word. If it really died once, then revived and experienced life and death, even if it couldn’t train the overlord’s will, it shouldn’t be a problem to train it to a medium will!

At that time, it could break through to the monarch level before Buggy, and wouldn’t be at the bottom of the team.

“Ah…?” Shi Yu fell into deep thought before saying, “Have you thought about it?”

“Yi!!” Baby Ginseng nodded in anticipation.

It had thought about it.

It had never used its full strength after learning these two skills. It had long wanted to use them once.

“Alright.” Although Shi Yu wanted Baby Ginseng to keep it since the time mark was difficult to recover, Shi Yu was also very supportive since it was Baby Ginseng’s own idea. The earlier Baby Ginseng broke through to the monarch level, the better it would be for the team to add some super skills.

“Yiya, Yiya, Yiya!!!” After obtaining Shi Yu’s permission, Baby Ginseng jumped up in surprise. “But it’s rare to self-destruct. It’s a pity to self-destruct without any practical use. I feel that it’s better to self-destruct in battle.” Shi Yu touched his chin and said, “If only there were any strong enemies. Self-destructing once can at least provide more benefits… I can also observe the effects of the self-destruction more directly. It’s easier to use in the future.”

Baby Ginseng looked at Shi Yu eagerly. A strong enemy?!

Fishing for strong enemies!