Chapter 343 - Pirate King Ruins

Chapter 343 Pirate King Ruins

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

On the endless ocean, a battleship was driving quickly, as if it was rushing to reincarnate. “Is there any more news about that legendary gem, such as its attributes, allusion, color, and size?”

The gem cat looked at Xiao Qin, its eyes shining. It drew circles with its claws and kept gesturing

As everyone knew, the attributes and colors of the evolution gem depended on the eye color and skill attributes of the gem cat after evolution.

Although it was a mutated species and had already used more than ten gemstones to evolve more than ten times and obtained many attributes, this didn’t stop it from thinking about the characteristics of the new gemstones.

“So where are we going?” Xiao Qin’s gaze stopped on Shi Yu. Didn’t they say that they were going to the Rainbow Islands to meet the members of the Environmental Protection Department of Dragon Palace City? Why did she feel like she was going to treasure hunt with the gem cat? Why did this cat keep thinking about the legendary gem of the Pirate King?

“Wait, don’t tell me you want to rely on this illusory legendary gem to break through?”

Suddenly, the corners of Xiao Qin’s mouth twitched as she looked at the gem cat in confusion.

Now, it could be said that they still didn’t know anything about the gem. They weren’t sure if it was a strengthening resource, but this cat was already eyeing it?

How obsessed was it with breaking through?

Moreover, even if it was a strengthening-type legendary resource, the chances of an overlord breaking through to the totem level seemed to be pitifully small. This was even under the situation where the gem attribute and the pet attribute were completely compatible.

“You don’t understand.” The gem cat looked into the distance leisurely.

It was a mutated species. If it wasn’t picky, it was also an old gambler. As long as it was a gem, it could absorb it.

“It’s on the way anyway.” Shi Yu yawned, but he didn’t have much hope for the legendary gem.

Did it think this pirate king was a fool? He was about to die, but he still left the resources as a mystic realm for then?

The key was that how could a pirate be so kind?

However, he could understand the gem cat’s desire to break through to the totem level.

In this world, awakening to commander rank was basic battle power.

From monarch level to overlord level, it was a medium to high-level battle power.

Only after reaching the totem level could one stand at the top of the pyramid. Not only were pets pursuing this realm, but Beast Tamers were also pursuing it.

A few hours later.

Everyone drove out of the Dong Huang Sea Region and arrived at the Chaotic Sea Region.

After entering the Chaotic Sea, this was the territory of the totem area.

Between the Dong Huang Sea and the Seven Islands Sea, apart from Dragon Palace City in the sea, there were four other totem factions on the ground island.

They all had one unified characteristic, which was that they had all separated after the seven islands became independent. They had been enemies with the seven islands since ancient times.

These totems were the lava beasts born in the volcano.

The giant ape totem that had mutated and evolved because of the radiation of the moon.

The Orochi snake with eight heads, with an ancient background,

And the island god that had become a spirit and evolved into a floating island.

Among the four totem factions, there were humans who believed in them, in the territories of the eight-headed snake, the island god, and the giant ape.

As for the Lava Beast’s volcano island, it was purely a faction gathered by transcendent creatures.

Compared to the seven islands, Dong Huang was much luckier. There were basically no hostile totems around the sea area.

Because Dragon Palace City was too strong, the enemies were basically all destroyed by Dragon Palace City.

Although the eight-headed snake, the island god, the giant ape, and the other totems also coveted the Dong Huang Continent, they were all restricted by Dragon Palace City and didn’t dare to cross.

However, although there were fewer threats in the sea, Dong Huang still had many threats on land.

For example, the current Dong Huang Continent was surrounded by eleven totem factions, and the situation was even worse than the seven islands.

More importantly, none of these totem factions… Factions that could last until today after many totem battles, were easy to deal with.

The larger totem faction was even similar to Dragon Palace City. It was an alliance formed by multiple totems. “A Pirate Ship has been discovered.”

Not long after entering the Chaotic Sea, Xiao Qin, who had detected a special situation, frowned.

She observed the battleship monitor floating on the deck and said, “The most powerful Beast Tamer of the Black Snake Pirates is a master-level Beast Tamer with a bounty of 12 million.”

Shi Yu also looked at the monitor. On the monitor was a huge ship. However, compared to the mechanical battleship they were riding, the other party’s huge ship was still an ancient ship. Although the construction materials looked very expensive and the hull was very resistant, the difference in era could be distinguished at a glance.

Obviously, apart from the seven countries, most factions didn’t have the ability to build mechanical lives.

At this moment, this huge black ship was being dragged by two incomparably huge monarch-level black sea snakes.

Shi Yu watched for a moment and said in surprise,

“The bounty is pretty high. This way, even if there are no legendary gems, it doesn’t seem to be a loss to wipe out the pirates who gathered because of the news?”

Xiao Qin: “?”

Didn’t they agree to meet the members of the Environmental Protection Department of Dragon Palace City in the Rainbow Islands?

It was fine if the gem cat cared about the gem, but why was Shi Yu also starting to be greedy!

Why did it change its mind again!!!

“Leave it to me!” At this moment, the gem cat was the most excited to discover a pirate. It happened to want to ask the local tyrant about the legendary gem.

After all, didn’t Xiao Qin say that the news of the Pirate King Ruins had started to spread among the pirates first?

The gem cat’s figure flashed and hung on the railing of the huge ship. It looked into the distance that Shi Yu and the others couldn’t see with their naked eyes.