Chapter 342 - Shi Yu Vs The Admiral (3)

Chapter 342 Shi Yu vs the Admiral (3)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

This was cheating!

At this moment, seeing Shi Yu transform into this posture and almost invincible form, Huang Qi and the others were already stunned. This was the first time they had seen it. Even in Dragon Palace City, they had never seen it!

In this state, they actually felt that Shi Yu was even more terrifying than the hundred-meter-long Iron-eating Beast back then!!

“Ahhh!!”

Soon, the hot wind dissipated, and half of the ice disappeared. The Demon Sea Star, which was already broken, stood on the water and looked at its opponent in silence.

If it were a normal life form, at this level, it would already be a life-threatening injury. However, the Demon Sea Star had the super skill Cell Speed. The healing effect of this skill on itself was also at the top of super skills.

It could be said to have an immortal body. Even after enduring the joint attack of Shi Yu and Chi Tong just now, it was fine. After roaring, it instantly recovered completely.

“Ahhh!!!”

After recovering to its original state, the Demon Sea Star directly sank into the water, as if it wanted to launch a surprise attack from the bottom. However, at this moment, Shi Yu, who was standing on the ice, was very calm. Under the lock of transcendent super vision, even if the enemy dived into the water, in his eyes, it was no different from a frontal attack.

as

“Wave Fist!!” Xiao Qin didn’t know if a sneak attack in the water was useful, but she could only give it a try. The current Shi Yu made her very uneasy.

Boom!!!

After the Demon Sea Star hid in the water for a long time, the ice around Shi Yu suddenly shattered. Seven to eight wave cannons shot out from the water. Shi Yu ignored these wave cannons because these were only fake attacks of the Demon Sea Star. In front of its super vision that could see through the changes in energy, the ice and water couldn’t stop its control of the battle.

Crack!!

Then, with a feint, the Demon Sea Star in the water didn’t wait long. It smashed over with all its might. At the same time, Shi Yu slowly stabbed the sword spirit into the ground.

If Eleven were to face this Demon Sea Star, it might have a headache. This was because its cell speed was too difficult to deal with. Even if Eleven’s eruption could turn it into meat paste, it might not necessarily be able to insta-kill it. However, if it encountered Chi Tong, it could only be considered unlucky.

“Soul Slash.”

Boom!

As Shi Yu finished speaking.

In the next moment, a gray airflow erupted from the sword body, forming a soul sword domain. Moreover, it was wrapped in spiritual deterrence. The substantialized deterrence instantly turned into red sword feathers that filled the sky. Like an illusory sword dance and the cry of a hundred phoenixes, it swept towards the wave cannons in all directions.

As Shi Yu floated slightly in the air, the sword spirit he inserted in the ground increased in size with a bang under the incredulous expressions of Xiao Qin, Huang Qi, and the others. It immediately turned into a hundred-meter-long sword, like a divine weapon that suppressed the ocean. It instantly erupted with a terrifying soul pressure, and the sword pressure smashed onto the Demon Sea Star that was just about to break out of the ice.

In the sea, the Demon Sea Star sensed the huge pressure that descended from the sky. Its berserk eyes instantly recovered their clarity and revealed a frightened expression. In the next moment, with a final scream, with a splash, its eyes turned white from shock without a trace of injury and it kept falling into the sea!

Boom!!

At the same time, the sea roared, and huge waves swept in all directions.

Countless ice layers instantly turned into ice flowers.

“Cough.” At the same time, sensing that the Demon Sea Star had lost its mental connection with her and its strengthening had been interrupted, Xiao Qin took a step back in dizziness and looked up at Shi Yu, who had red hair and red eyes.

“This.” The other two majors were at a loss. Only the gem cat smiled and said, “Alright, the outcome has been decided. We should set

off.”

With that said, its Psychic power wrapped around the Demon Sea Star that fell to the bottom of the sea. With a designated Instant Transmission, it fished this guy out and sent it to Xiao Qin.

Demon Sea Star: @.@

Looking at the stunned Demon Sea Star, Xiao Qin was extremely silent. She looked at Shi Yu and said, “I lost, but you defeated me with your telepathy talent at level five. Are you a monster?”

The last person she recognized as a monster was the grandson of the commander-in-chief of the three armies, Ye Xing. This guy had stepped into the Legendary level before the age of 30, and he had contracted two overlord-level lives. He had even personally hunted three overlords. He was a monster in name only, even more abnormal than her sister back then.

As for Shi Yu, he was a monster in another sense. With his telepathy talent, he had such strength…

Of course, what she couldn’t understand was Shi Yu’s identity as the minister of the Environmental Protection Department.

And if he combined all of this… it didn’t seem that difficult to understand.

“Monster.” Seeing Shi Yu still so calm, Huang Qi and Qin Mingzhi, who were not far away, were in disbelief.

If they remembered correctly, Shi Yu’s sword spirit was still at the commander level in Dragon Palace City.

It was not a problem to break through to the monarch level now, but to immediately have such a terrifying strength after breaking through… If it wasn’t a monster, what would it be if Shi Yu was given some time to strengthen his pet?

“You flatter me. I’m still far from it.” At the same time, Shi Yu exited his possession form. Chi Tong also turned into a bird spirit and landed on Shi Yu’s shoulder again. Shi Yu said, “And if it weren’t for the accident that happened to your trump card, General Xiao Qin…”

This trump card of General Xiao Qin seemed to have suffered a lot of losses. Otherwise, she wouldn’t have been transferred from the front line to the mechanical army.

“It’s all in the past. It’s not so bad now. Let’s go then, Minister.” After Xiao Qin lost, she acknowledged Shi Yu as a minister wholeheartedly.

“Alright.” Shi Yu nodded.

At this moment, the most anxious one was still the gem cat. When it heard their words, it directly moved the few of them and their pets onto the battleship.

A moment later…

“Why is this big guy so slow…”

“Then take the battleship and teleport together.”

“Forget it, forget it…”

At the same time, at the moment that the few of them headed to the Rainbow Islands, the initial version of the sequence ranking that countless people were looking forward to was finally out. This was the ranking of strength according to the various battle results of the Beast Tamers under the age of 30 in the country.

Moreover, this ranking quickly caused a huge commotion in Dong Huang.

Among them, there were many figures that Shi Yu was unfamiliar with, and also many figures that Shi Yu was familiar with.

For example, the first sequence: Ye Xing.

First place in the Three Armies Martial Arts Tournament, level-seven in the Beast Taming Space, legendary Beast Tamer, contracted two overlord-level lives, and had the battle record of killing overlords.

For example, the fifth sequence: Ji Feng.

A certain national individual champion that had graduated from Imperial Capital University. He had the Beast Taming Talent, All Things Affinity. Not only could a top-notch master have affinity with various ferocious beasts, but he could also have affinity with the power of nature. He could let his pet mobilize the power of nature at the monarch level. As an outstanding figure among top-notch masters, he successfully assassinated an overlord-level life form during the undercover totem area and escaped unscathed. He even had the battle record of defeating the genius of Bureau 11, Lu Qingyi.

For example, the seventh sequence: Lu Qingyi.

Although her reputation was usually not obvious, and the basic race of each pet was not high, as a genius archeologist, she had once obtained a huge opportunity in the Mythical Ruins. Some pets had received the Mythical inheritance and mastered the strongest super skill, “Mythical Revival”. It could allow pets to easily fight above their level.

For example, the eleventh sequence: Zou Yun, Heavenly King Zou.

As the current Heavenly King of the Master Tournament, he was happy to mention the lucky number 11.

There was also the national individual champion, Gao Xuan, who was ranked 22nd. He was in the front row. He was the youngest at 21 years old. There was also the navy brigadier general, Xiao Qin, who was ranked 29th. They were all huge hot topics.

The current ranking was only ranked in the top 100 according to their past battle results and current situation. Among them, the contestants at the top had one characteristic, which was that they had fought with overlord-level creatures!

A certain someone had also signed up online. He didn’t know if Dragon Palace City’s battle results were included, but because he had never fought an overlord-level life form, his ranking… didn’t seem to be high.