Chapter 341 - Shi Yu Vs The Admiral (2)

Chapter 341 Shi Yu vs the Admiral (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Super skill, Cell Speed!

“Jiu!!!” This scene made the bird spirit’s red eyes spread open in the sky and solemnly look at the Demon Sea Star opposite solemnly.

At the same time, Xiao Qin crossed her arms and also revealed a serious expression. “You’re indeed very strong.”

After a short confrontation, Chi Tong and the Demon Sea Star were still in a stalemate, making Huang Qi and the others swallow their saliva.

Both parties were so strong. As expected of General Xiao Qin’s daughter and the sister of Legend Xiao Shuang. This family was so abnormal. The strength was still so great even after the previous trump card’s fall in a mission.

How strong was General Xiao then, who commanded trump cards?

“Strengthening talent is really a headache.” Shi Yu also chuckled and scratched his head.

“A Beast Tamer without strengthening talent is too disadvantaged in battle.”

Even if Chi Tong was a full-level skill and had an extremely high use of energy, it was still at a disadvantage.

Xiao Qin nodded and said, “That’s true.”

“The two of you, can you hurry up and use whatever moves you have?” At this moment, the gem cat really couldn’t wait anymore and urged in pain. Wu Wu Wu Wu, it didn’t want the gems to be stolen by other kittens.

“…” Seeing the gem cat say this, Xiao Qin was stunned. Then, she said, “In that case.”

“Next, we have to do our best,” Xiao Qin said. “Demon Sea Star, go berserk.”

Although this sword spirit was very strong, the Demon Sea Star that she had strengthened was still a little lacking. If it was in its normal state, they would definitely not be its match, but talent was also a part of strength. Why not use it?

“Ah!!!”

As soon as Xiao Qin finished speaking, the redness in the Demon Sea Star’s eyes immediately became even deeper. A black vortex even appeared in its pupils, and its entire body instantly emitted a wildness ten times stronger than before, like a ferocious beast coming out of a cage.

Splash.

At the same time, its hands and feet quickly wrapped around the red water wave that looked like a glove.

“Ha ~” The aura of a demon was undoubtedly displayed on the Demon Sea Star.

Seeing this, Shi Yu knew that he couldn’t continue underestimating the enemy. Otherwise, Chi Tong would definitely fail on its own.

“Then let’s end the warm-up.”

“I want to contribute to the battle too.”

As Shi Yu finished speaking, Xiao Qin, who was opposite him, said, “Huh?”

Huang Qi and Qin Mingzhi were also stunned.

“Chi Tong, possess me.” Soon, Shi Yu’s voice sounded, making the expressions of the three change. They had almost forgotten about this.

Possession?

Could it be that this undead with abnormal strength also knew the possession skill?

Although many undead had mastered possession, some undead races didn’t. This wasn’t a racial binding skill.

Chi Tong was already so strong. Xiao Qin originally thought that its abilities had all been focused on its own body. Now, he was telling her that such a powerful undead could still fuse with a Beast Tamer?

“Jiu!!” At the same time, Chi Tong didn’t want to fight alone anymore. It gradually descended from the sky. There were two of them, and it was too much of a loss to fight alone.

Soon, Chi Tong landed in Shi Yu’s hand. Under everyone’s gaze, it turned into a fire sword spirit again. At the same time, a red flame flowed from the sword spirit to Shi Yu’s entire body. Suddenly, a shocking aura swept out of Shi Yu and Chi Tong.

Under the blazing aura, Shi Yu’s eyes and hair color were dyed red. His thin figure and deep eyes seemed to have stepped into the realm of

gods.

Boom!

The powerful aura spread, making Xiao Qin’s expression change, and the other two majors reveal shocked expressions. They felt that the increase in Chi Tong’s strength was even greater than the increase in the Demon Sea Star!

“Ah, fight.”

Almost instantly, Shi Yu’s body emitted an aura that made even a ferocious beast like the Demon Sea Star feel danger. Its gaze focused, and it instantly arrived in front of Shi Yu. Ripple Fist wrapped around its hand as it suddenly smashed out!!

Boom!!

Intense white mist spread.

Then, a shocking wave of air spread from their bodies, shattering a layer of ice and sweeping up waves a thousand meters away.

The smoke dissipated, and the Demon Sea Star’s punch did not succeed. Shi Yu held his sword in one hand and stood the sword in front of him, easily blocking the wave fist.

Shi Yu’s red pupils looked at the Demon Sea Star that was even taller than him and said, “You’re too anxious.”

With that said, an illusory huge red pair of wings spread out behind Shi Yu. Every feather on these gorgeous phoenix wings seemed to be formed by a sword spirit, emitting a strong phoenix might. Seeing this, the Demon Sea Star suddenly had a bad feeling.

“Stay away from him!”

Xiao Qin shouted.

The Demon Sea Star exerted strength with its legs, and indeed, its pupils constricted as it quickly retreated.

At the same time, Shi Yu raised the sword spirit slightly. It was as if thousands of sword lights shot out from behind him, sweeping up a hot wind and instantly devouring the Demon Sea Star that was quickly retreating. The thousands of sword lights instantly began to cut its body like a thousand cuts, making it let out a miserable cry in the hot wind!!

“Ah!!!”

In the hot wind, the figure of the Demon Sea Star gradually blurred. The injuries on its body were one after another, making Xiao Qin take a deep breath. She instantly revealed an extremely serious expression and stared at the red-haired young man opposite her.

Impossible.

She had seen undead that could possess and Beast Tamers that could fuse.

However, it was just possession. There was no reason for its strength to increase so ridiculously!

Of course, what Xiao Qin didn’t know was that Shi Yu’s physical fitness and the full-level possession skill couldn’t be considered a simple combination anymore.