Chapter 348 - Threat From The Two Overlords (1)

Chapter 348 Threat from the Two Overlords (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

They really didn’t pay much attention to the things on the ground.

Gem Cat: QAQ.

Hot Summer Island.

Soon, some strange rumors began to spread on the island.

“Haha, have you heard? In the ruins of the Pirate King, it’s said that not only is there a legendary gem left behind by the Pirate King, but there’s also a legendary quality Undying Ginseng. It’s getting more and more ridiculous.”

“There are no gems, no Undying Ginseng. It’s all fake. Only a fool would believe it! Bah.”

“However, it’s said that this Undying Ginseng can not only increase the evolution aptitude of pets, but also increase the lifespan of both humans and pets. Why do I feel that it’s even more attractive than the unknown legendary

gem?”

The pirates discussed. Two overlords from the totem country also received the news.

Somewhere on the island.

A snakeman several meters long with a black snake tail and a human female upper body. Her upper body and face were covered in green scales and she listened to the news brought back by her subordinate and revealed a disdainful gaze.

“Undying Ginseng, I’ve never heard of it. Moreover, is the legendary gem you mentioned true or false?”

“We’ve been waiting for a day, but we still haven’t seen anything.”

Opposite the snake stood a young man in a cotton shirt. He said to the snakeman overlord in front of him, “It should be true. Although the treasure map passed down from the Space Emperor Era has been destroyed, the pirate factions who fought for it at that time clearly determined that the location of the treasure ruins was here.”

“Moreover, the opening time of the ruins recorded on it is recent.”

“Most importantly, according to the rumors, the Pirate King indeed died here.”

“I’ll believe you this time.” The overlord-level snake picked up a fruit beside it, opened its mouth, and swallowed it with a gulp.

Elsewhere, a huge black ape six to seven meters tall was sitting on a huge rock like an overlord, listening to the reports of the two strong men in front of him in boredom.

“An Undying Ginseng that can increase evolution aptitude and extend lifespan?”

“It sounds good, but are you sure that such a thing really exists?”

“Master, we’re not sure either. It’s information spread by pirates…”

“Then what are you guys talking about? Where’s my gem!!”

Now, many people were tortured by the news of the legendary gem and the legendary Undying Ginseng.

As for the guy who spread some information, he was walking leisurely on Hot Summer Island.

According to what Shi Yu knew, there were a total of six relatively powerful factions on the island.

The snake overlord and the black ape overlord from the totem country were considered two. They were respectively subordinates of the eight totems and the golden giant ape totems.

It was too common for many overlord-level creatures of various sizes to gather under some totems.

Apart from the two overlords from the totem country, the other four factions were all great pirates who had top-notch masters presiding over the Chaotic Sea and had battle records against overlords.

In this situation, Shi Yu felt that they were relatively safe on the island. After all, the gem cat was one of the few overlords on the island. Moreover, it had the rare spatial divine skill, Instant Transmission.

At this moment, not only were many pirates searching for traces related to the Sea King Ruins, but even Shi Yu began to take action.

“I’m counting on you, Yu.” The gem cat cosplayed as a pirate cat and walked arrogantly beside Shi Yu with a pirate hat and eye mask.

“Even if you say so…”

Shi Yu sighed.

“Believe in yourself, you can do it!”

The gem cat trusted him very much.

In its opinion, Shi Yu, this genius of Bureau 11, was more reliable than these pirates no matter what. “Sigh, I’ll just try.”

“It might not necessarily work.”

Shi Yu sat down in silence and patted the ground.

He closed his eyes and activated his listening talent. He sensed the entire island and listened to the sound of the island.

Of course, as usual, he couldn’t hear anything

However, Shi Yu had a killer move.

(You’ve been a Pirate King for half your life and plundered so many treasures. In the end, you only left behind a legendary gem. You’re too poor.)

[No, there might not even be a single gem. After all, I haven’t even seen a shadow of the ruins. Don’t tell me it’s all bragging.]

[In addition, after doing so many evil things like burning, killing, and looting, why don’t I believe that you’re so kind as to give me gemstones?]

Shi Yu expressed his thoughts to the ground of the island telepathically.

Generally speaking, he didn’t think that this was useful, nor did he think that it was a good job.

However, the strange thing was that Shi Yu really heard some strange sounds in his daze.

“Ha ha ha…”

It was like the evil laughter of an old man!!

Apart from that, there was nothing else.

“Ha ha ha…”

“Holy shit.” When the terrifying laughter entered his ears, Shi Yu’s mind rumbled. He suddenly stood up with a shocked expression.

He could tell that it was the Voice of History.

The voices left behind by some life forms at a certain historical time on this island.

But this was the first time he had encountered such a situation.

“What’s wrong?”

Seeing Shi Yu suddenly shocked, the gem cat immediately asked nervously.

“Why do I feel that something is wrong?” Shi Yu’s face darkened.

“This island is indeed not simple. Some secrets are hidden, but it’s definitely not a good thing.”

“Let’s run! Believe me, believe my intuition as an archeologist,” Shi Yu said.

“Ah!” The gem cat was stunned, but it didn’t hesitate. Considering the death rate of the members of Bureau 11, it teleported Shi Yu back to the tavern just now and went to meet Xiao Qin and the others again. It planned to leave first.