Chapter 347 - Threat From The Two Overlords

Chapter 347 Threat from the Two Overlords

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Things related to the Pirate King…”

“No, but to be honest, this island is rumored to be the place where the Pirate King died… Does it count?”

Shi Yu : “…”

This…

Did it count?

Could it be that he had to kneel on the ground and listen for the spiritual hints or something??

Although it wasn’t impossible, it didn’t suit his handsome figure.

“Also, what’s this Undying Ginseng rumor?”

Sister Shi’s gaze kept lingering on Shi Yu and Xiao Qin.

It was as if it was saying to Xiao Qin, “Help, why don’t I understand your new superior’s orders?”

Xiao Qin was also a little confused.

What was the Undying Ginseng? Good question. She also wanted to know.

“Can you do it? I was just casually mentioning it. It’s alright if you can’t,” Shi Yu said indifferently.

“Yes, I can,” Sister Shi said. “But I heard that the Pirate King died of old age. If the Undying Ginseng is so powerful, how could the Pirate King die?”

Shi Yu fell into deep thought.

“Because the Undying Ginseng wasn’t mature yet.”

“It’s the greatest regret of the Pirate King that he couldn’t eat the mature Undying Ginseng. Therefore, he modified a mystic realm suitable for the growth of the Undying Ginseng and prepared to give it to the fated person along with the gem after it matures.”

“Well, is that alright?”

Xiao Qin, Huang Qi, Qin Mingzhi, and Sister Shi were silent.

Tears welled up in his eyes. Why did he say it out loud?

The gem cat was also a little teary-eyed. It suddenly suspected that the news of the legendary gem was also casually made up by someone like Shi Yu to deceive a naive and honest little cat like it.

…

At the same time, in the Rainbow Islands in the Chaotic Sea.

Half a month ago, this was still a paradise for poison-type creatures.

But now, everything had changed.

Every island was occupied by a group of shrimps and crabs.

A group of monarch-level ferocious beasts that ruled the island submitted without any resistance under the deterrence of the overlord that enveloped the archipelago.

When the Dragon Palace City army arrived, anyone who didn’t submit would die.

On Qishui Island, the old leader of the Water Slime Susu, the Cleansing Water Sprite King, looked at the two members of the Ocean Environmental Protection Department in front of it in shock.

The famous deep sea overlord, the Sky Penetrating Whale, claimed to be a core member of the Ocean Environmental Protection Department of Dragon Palace City.

The son of the Sea Dragon King of the East Sea Dragon Palace City, the White Azure Dragon with a totem bloodline, called itself an ordinary member of the Ocean Environmental Protection Department.

Although it knew that the Marine Environmental Protection Department of Dragon Palace City was very strong, the Cleansing Water Sprite King didn’t expect it to be so strong Therefore, when Shi Yu first came, what did he mean by giving it the title of deputy minister??

Did it still count?

Facing the Sky Penetrating Whale and the White Azure Dragon, it didn’t dare to mention it, nor did it dare to ask.

“Minister Shi Yu called us here,” the little white dragon that came to earn results said to the Cleansing Water Sprite King in a dignified manner.

“From today onwards, the Rainbow Islands are under the jurisdiction of Dragon Palace City. The Marine Environmental Protection Department wants to cleanse the ocean from here!”

“Yes.” The Sky Penetrating Whale nodded. It was here to be a bodyguard. As for its performance merits, it should be given to the little white dragon.

“Welcome, welcome…” The Cleansing Water Sprite King and the water sprites behind it expressed their welcome.

“Reporting…” But at this moment, a monarch crab rushed over.

“What’s wrong? Didn’t the suppression of the other islands go smoothly?” the little white dragon asked.

“No, no. General, Second Prince, a mysterious ship is coming from afar. The figures on it seem to be… the minister and the others.” “Huh?”

se

…

At the edge of the island.

The Sky Penetrating Whale, the little white dragon, and the Cleansing Water Sprite King heard the report and quickly came here.

However, when they saw the blurry figures on the ship floating over from afar, they instantly fell silent.

“Aba, Aba, Aba, Aba…” As it was too far from the main body, Shi Yu’s clone couldn’t withstand it just as it arrived at the destination and directly disappeared.

“Wu Wu Wu Wu Wu…” Buggy’s phantom could still persist, but because it wanted to slack off, its form was relatively rigid. At this moment, it suddenly didn’t know the meaning of its life and slowly disappeared.

Only the gem cat clone with a depressed face looked at its two dead shipmates in disappointment.

What a disappointment. They still lacked training

“Vice, Vice Minister?” “What’s going on?”

Seeing the gem cat, the little white dragon asked in surprise.

Was this a traveling illusion troupe?

What was going on?

“Great, they’re all here.” The gem cat was very happy to have successfully arrived at its destination.

“Has the Rainbow Islands been recovered?” It looked at the Sky Penetrating Whale, the White Azure Dragon, and the Cleansing Water Sprite King curiously. “I didn’t disappoint!! After my hard work…” The little white dragon started talking non stop to the gem cat, the deputy minister of the Environmental Protection Department, and talked about its contributions. It was hoping that it could increase in value as a cadre and obtain the Time Fruit.

“Wu!” The gem cat cast an appreciative gaze. As expected of a second-generation heir, it actually had an overlord bodyguard. This saved trouble.

“Very good!! Then the matter here has come to an end. Next, there’s something more important. Head to Hot Summer Island of the Lava Totem Domain and meet Shi Yu. He has prepared a large number of Ice Dragon Badges to be transported to Dragon Palace City,” the gem cat said.

“Hot Summer Island?” The Sky Penetrating Whale was stunned. “Wasn’t there a rumor that some Pirate King ruins appeared over there recently?”

“That’s right.” Seeing that the Sky Penetrating Whale had also heard of it, the gem cat’s eyes lit up. “Dragon Palace City also paid attention?” “No, it’s just a legendary gem. I don’t know if it’s real or fake. It’s not worth Dragon Palace City’s attention,” the Sky Penetrating Whale said honestly. After all, there were also many ruins, mystic realms, and even Mythical resources in the deep sea.