Chapter 345 - Pirate King Ruins (2)

Chapter 345 Pirate King Ruins (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Even if you’re very strong, there’s still a risk.” She looked at everyone.

Because her trump card had died in battle because of pirates, Xiao Qin was very cautious.

The gem cat sighed and wanted to go solo.

Because it was a professional at running away.

“If the news is accurate, the navy must have planted people to lurk on Hot Summer Island too, right?” Shi Yu asked.

“Yes.” Xiao Qin nodded.

“Why don’t we do this? Let’s split up.” Shi Yu licked his lips and said, “A portion of us will go to Hot Summer Island to take a look at the situation first, while the other portion will go to the Rainbow Islands to find reinforcements.”

At this moment, although Shi Yu felt that it was unreliable, the word ruins also had a natural attraction to him.

So many Beast Tamers were on Hot Summer Island. It shouldn’t be a problem for them to keep a low profile and take advantage of the situation, right?

Shi Yu was also very confident in the escape ability of the gem cat.

In other words, if there was really a legendary gem that could allow Teacher Cat to break through by fishing in troubled waters, it seemed more convenient for him to have a gluttonous totem-level backer when exploring other dangerous ruins in the future.

“Isn’t this worse…”

“It’s alright.” Shi Yu patted Buggy beside him. Buggy immediately created an illusion clone.

At the same time, the bird spirit, Chi Tong, possessed Shi Yu. Shi Yu, who had entered the red-haired Chi Tong state, also created a red-haired clone beside him.

In the blink of an eye, two Shi Yu appeared on the ship, making Xiao Qin and the others reveal shocked gazes. Wait, this clone of yours didn’t make sense.

Shi Yu said, “So the problem now is whether to let the phantom clone go to the Rainbow Islands or to Hot Summer Island. This thing can still be maintained for a few days.”

Everyone : “…”

The gem cat revealed a praising expression. As expected of its student, it finally understood how to squeeze a clone dry. If it wasn’t very necessary, it could just leave it to the clone to settle!

With that said, it also created a clone, but this clone had a long face.

Hot Summer Island.

This was an island in the Chaotic Sea under the influence of the Lava Totem.

However, because the Lava Beast Totem slept in the volcano all year round and it didn’t nurture human believers, the only clansmen it had lived everywhere in the volcano, so the area near its habitat was basically a free area.

The environment on the island was hot, and the beach and fruit trees coexisted. The scenery was pretty good.

After spending another half a day, Shi Yu and the others arrived. However, after approaching, they didn’t dare to drive the warship over.

Shi Yu directly put the warship into the ruins space at the last minute. Shi Yu, Xiao Qin, Huang Qi, Qin Mingzhi, and the others, as well as the gem cat, changed their clothes and boarded a pirate ship to Hot Summer Island.

At the moment, there were already dozens of pirate ships of various sizes around Hot Summer Island. Countless skeleton flags fluttered in the wind. Shi Yu and the others’ arrival did not attract much attention.

As for where their pirate ship came from, it was naturally conjured by Buggy. At the same time, the clothes similar to the style of these pirates were also conjured by Buggy and temporarily draped over their bodies. This was not an illusion. The thing that was conjured by Buggy was a real object. As long as its power was not exhausted, it could exist forever, and it could even last longer than real similar items.

“We’re here.”

Just as they stepped onto Hot Summer Island, many shouts came from the surroundings. Among them were Dong Huang language, the seven islands language, and some unknown native language. As the navy, Xiao Qin and the others had received professional training and could understand and talk to these languages.

Shi Yu had even less of a problem. He had the gift of telepathy and could even understand Panda language, let alone the different languages of humans. Even if he went overseas in the future, going to the seven islands, Rongguang, and Tingxiang could allow him to communicate with the local humans without any obstacles.

Therefore, there were still many Beast Tamers with the gift of telepathy…

“Let’s find a place to ask for information first,” Xiao Qin said helplessly after landing on the island.

He was originally here to join the Environmental Protection Department, so why did he inexplicably come to explore the ruins??

Was it the Marine Environmental Protection Department or the Marine Ruins Exploration Department?

However, when she recalled that Shi Yu was from Bureau 11 and that he was an archeologist, she was relieved. It was too much.

“Yes, Boss,” Huang Qi and Qin Mingzhi replied, making the corners of Xiao Qin’s mouth twitch again.

It had to be said that the scar on her face made her look more like a pirate than Shi Yu and the others.

In fact, with Xiao Qin’s identity and status, it wasn’t difficult for her to find a way to get rid of the scar. However, in order to commemorate her dead pet, she chose to let the scar from the battle be permanently preserved on her originally young and beautiful face.

Hot Summer Island wasn’t big.

But at this moment, many wooden houses and stone houses had already been temporarily built on the island.

From the construction traces, it was obvious that it was built through the power of pets. For example, using wood-element skills and earth-element skills to carry out the combination skill “Civil Engineering”.

Apart from the temporary buildings that could be seen everywhere, there were also traces of battle in many places. In such an orderless place, accidental conflicts were too common. Even if someone died, no one would care.

Just as Shi Yu and the others arrived at the island, two more pirates started fighting not far away. At the same time, a group of pirates saw that they were young and wanted to come over to collect the protection fee.