Chapter 340 - Shi Yu Vs The Admiral (1)

Chapter 340 Shi Yu vs the Admiral (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Bang!

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! In an instant, several spinning water balls completely made of red liquid shot out from the fingertips of the Demonman Planet like water cannons, turning into red meteors that locked onto Chi Tong in the sky.

Super skill, Wave Cannon.

Swoosh!

At the same time, in the sky, Chi Tong, who was holding the sword spirit with both feet, also threw the sword spirit away. It used the Sun Flame as a fuel and activated the Light Flame Sword skill. The moment the sword spirit was thrown out, it erupted with a speed faster than the red wave cannon. It also turned into similarly many sword lights in the sky, wanting to block the red wave cannon!

“So fast,” Huang Qi exclaimed.

“However, its power is a little weak,” Qin Ming said.

The max-level Light Flame Sword was incomparably fast. Unfortunately, it was a fire-element skill after all, countered by water.

In just a single exchange, countless red wave cannons swept up heat waves amidst the “bang” sound of collision, devouring the sword light and continuing to attack Chi Tong.

Seeing this, Chi Tong was so scared that it hurriedly spread its wings and ran. The Demon Sea Star chuckled and moved its hands. These wave cannons actually followed Chi Tong like gas bombs.

However, the total number of sword lights just now seemed to be one more than the wave cannon. After the collision that filled the sky, a sword light fell from the gap and continued to descend. Seeing this, Xiao Qin’s gaze froze. After the Demon Sea Star reacted, it instantly made a blocking posture.

“Yi!” The substantialized Psychic wave condensed into a shield in front of Demonic Man Star and instantly pinched the sword light that escaped the net. “Be careful.” At the same time, Shi Yu reminded Chi Tong appropriately. However, there was no need for him to remind him. Chi Tong, who had super vision, was already flying quickly in the sky, trying to dodge these wave cannons that were constantly chasing it through its super reflexes.

“This isn’t a simple wave cannon.”

“It’s a combination skill.”

However, as Huang Qi and Qin Mingzhi gulped, something unexpected happened.

As they approached the bird spirit, Chi Tong, these wave cannons had no intention of hitting it directly. Instead, they collided with each other. Then, a tsunami-like water wave power swept in all directions, locking the agile Chi Tong in a huge area.

Seeing this, with a boom, orange flames erupted around Chi Tong, trying to resist for the last time. However, the impact of these water waves was much stronger than its strength. It instantly swallowed the flames and turned into a tsunami that swept up Chi Tong’s entire body. At the same time, a red Psychic wave invaded its body!

“High-level psychic skill, mental control. This is a combination skill of the Water Wave Cannon and mental control. As long as the attack comes into contact with the enemy, it can control the other party’s mental power.” Huang Qi and the others immediately thought solemnly when they saw this.

Just as they thought, the moment the water touched the bird spirit, mental waves instantly invaded its body. A trace of redness instantly flashed in the bird spirit’s eyes, and its mind was controlled, turning it into a puppet of the Demon Sea Star.

However, just as the two of them thought that Shi Yu and Chi Tong were in trouble, suddenly, the roar of the Demon Sea Star came from the battlefield.

“Roar!!”

The two of them looked over in surprise, only to see that the Demonman Sea Star, who had condensed a mental shield, was still in a stalemate with the Light Flame Sword. No, to be precise, it was in a stalemate with the main body of the Light Flame Sword and the sword spirit.

“So this is the main body.” After Xiao Qin shouted, the bird spirit in the sky gradually disappeared.

The bird spirit, which had been controlled and successfully attracted the firepower of the super skill, was instantly given up by Shi Yu because it was Chi Tong’s clone. At the moment it condensed a sword spirit, the relationship between the bird spirit and the sword spirit’s main body had already been changed.

Crack!!!

At this moment, Chi Tong, who had successfully approached the enemy’s main body, was in a lock. Although its strength was inferior to the other party… It was also using all its strength to release stronger attacks.

It swept up the Sun Flame and burned its soul power. The Interlocking Sword formed by the Soul Sword and the Sun Flame Sword wrapped around a strong deterrence wave and directly slashed out.

Boom!

The gray sword that contained a hot aura slashed over. The Psychic Shield created by the Demon Sea Star instantly shattered, and the shocking sword light was about to hit the Demon Sea Star.

“Wave Cannon.” Xiao Qin was neither anxious nor slow. She instantly made the Demon Sea Star understand the Beast Tamer’s tactical intention.

It immediately condensed a huge blue water wave in its mouth to resist.

The wave cannon condensed in front of the Demonic Man Star, directly acting as a second shield to withstand the sword light slash. As Xiao Qin expected, the sword light directly detonated the wave cannon, and the energy explosion wave that swept over again instantly swept Chi Tong and the Demonic Man Sea Star flying!!

A shocking explosion caused serious damage to Chi Tong and the Demon Sea Star!!

“Crazy woman.” The corners of Shi Yu’s mouth immediately twitched when he saw that the other party’s young lady actually liked to exchange injuries.

Huang Qi, Qin Mingzhi, and the others also realized this brigadier general’s valiance again.

However, Eleven, Baby Ginseng, and the others not far away, liked it.

Unfortunately, this move was useless against Shi Yu’s pets. In this day and age, who didn’t know a recovery skill?

“Mi!!”

The huge explosion instantly blew Chi Tong away, but it didn’t affect anything. In the smoke, during the process of Chi Tong flying backward, under the wrapping of the Flame of Regeneration, its injuries and physical strength recovered almost quickly.

It hurt, but it wasn’t a big deal. After all, it was the main attacker. The core of the explosion was even closer to the Demon Sea Star!

“Ah!!!” On the other side of Chi Tong, the Demon Sea Star, which had several cracks all over its body from the explosion, shouted and cried out. However, seeing that Chi Tong was fine, it immediately stopped crying and revealed a dissatisfied expression. The damaged parts all over its body quickly regenerated and instantly recovered to normal. Soon, no injuries could be seen.