Chapter 344 - Pirate King Ruins (1)

Chapter 344 Pirate King Ruins (1)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“The other party is at least 20,000 meters away from us,” Huang Qi and Qin Mingzhi, who were standing guard beside him, said.

But just as they finished speaking, they immediately shut up.

Because as the gem cat’s gem eye lit up, with a boom, under the sweeping of the powerful Psychic power, a huge tsunami 20 to 30 meters tall formed with a bang and charged into the distance.

“F*ck… So fierce.” Seeing this, the two weak and pitiful majors swallowed their saliva. It was difficult to compare this fierce cat to the gluttonous cat in Dragon Palace City.

A few seconds ago.

On the Black Snake Pirate Ship, as a sea eagle landed, a pirate in charge of reconnaissance in the sky also informed his boss of the discovery of the Dong Huang Navy battleship immediately.

On the deck, a middle-aged man with a black snake tattoo on his face and a black singlet walked out with a frown. “The Dong Huang Navy and the Seven Islands Navy have been active recently.”

“Let’s avoid them. We won’t provoke them. Let’s leave quickly so they won’t pester us…” Just as the pirate leader finished speaking, the dozen or so pirates on the ship widened their eyes and looked into the distance.

“F*ck, f*ck, Boss, sea, tsunami!!”

The Beast Tamer with the black snake tattoo looked into the distance and saw a monstrous sea roar that instantly formed. It was roaring towards them at an extremely fast speed.

Seeing this scene, the Beast Tamer was immediately stunned. Then, he cursed, “F*ck, didn’t I just poach some sea beasts? Is this necessary?”

“Overlord level, it’s definitely overlord level!!”

“F*ck.”

The Black Snake Pirates often transacted with the Orochi Totem Nation to find some sea beasts with weak dragon bloodlines in the East Sea to hunt. Then, they would be transported to the Orochi Totem Nation. In the Orochi Totem Nation, snakes were respected, and dragon blood was the favorite supplement of the snake-type pets there.

However, in this way, it touched the interests of Dong Huang and Dragon Palace City. They were also wanted because of this.

In fact, they could understand why cannonballs flew out of the battleship and sea beasts swam out, but why the hell did a tsunami suddenly appear!

Boom.

As the tsunami approached, the two sea snakes turned around and fled with the pirate ship almost crazily. However, if escaping worked, wouldn’t the overlord cat lose face?

After a roar, only a broken Pirate Ship was left swaying on the water in the distance. Under the power of a group of Pirate pets, the Pirate Ship barely didn’t completely sink, but it had already lost its mobility.

On the shattered deck, a group of heavily injured Beast Tamers and sea beasts looked at the approaching silver sea battleship with anger, as well as the four humans standing on the battleship.

“A brigadier general and two majors, bad luck.” The Beast Tamer with the black snake tattoo seemed to have long ignored life and death. At this juncture, he still had a fierce expression.

He stood on the circling giant snake and looked at the messy Pirate Ship and many missing crew members. Finally, he looked at the culprit of this attack.

His gaze leaped past Xiao Qin, who had the military rank of a brigadier general, and Huang Qi and Qin Mingzhi, who had the military rank of a major, and landed on the gem cat in front of Shi Yu. This was because the overlord aura of this gem cat made the two blackwater snakes he contracted tremble.

At the same time, Xiao Qin and the other two were also watching everything in front of them in silence.

As expected of the guardian overlord of Ancient Capital University.

Although it looked out of place, this power was really strong.

“Buggy, go!” At this moment, the gem cat didn’t want to talk to these pirates at all. It decided on a hypnosis skill and wanted to directly hypnotize all the surviving pirates present. Then, it issued an order similar to that of a Beast Tamer.

Shi Yu and Buggy : “…”

Just as Xiao Qin and the others were still confused, the Butterfly of Imagination on Shi Yu’s shoulder sighed. It controlled its spiritual consciousness to invade the dreams of these pirates and began to search for the information the gem cat wanted.

“Have you found it?”.

The gem cat looked at the butterfly flying in the air in anticipation.

A moment later, Buggy’s spiritual consciousness retreated from the boss of the Black Snake Pirates and nodded.

“Wu!! (Yes, it’s said that a pirate has obtained some clues. The ruins left behind by the Pirate King are about to appear on the ‘Hot Summer Island’, so a large number of pirates in the Chaotic Sea, as well as some Beast Tamers from the Orochi and Giant Ape Totem Kingdoms, have already headed to Hot Summer Island. That place has already become the most chaotic island in the Chaotic Sea at the moment.)” Buggy sent a telepathic message.

With full-level Psychic power, it was also the first pet in Shi Yu’s team to use telepathy.

The voice that fell into the minds of Xiao Qin and the others was the voice of a child.

“Wu… (Of course, its accuracy can’t be confirmed.)”

As for whether any ruins would really appear, the captain of the Black Snake Sea Pirate Ship didn’t know. He was only a small figure in the Chaotic Sea. He thought that he wouldn’t gain anything by going to Hot Summer Island, so he planned to do more business while many factions were attracted by Hot Summer Island.

However, who knew that he would directly encounter Shi Yu and the others… He was unlucky.

“Yes.” After obtaining the specific news, the gem cat nodded in satisfaction.

“Target, Hot Summer Island.” It patted the boat with its cat claws, and the lazy voice of a big sister came out. However, this time, there was a very strong tone of anticipation in the laziness.

“…No.” At this moment, after a moment of silence, General Xiao Qin couldn’t help but say, “Just the pirates are difficult enough. At the moment, although there are no legendary Beast Tamers in the East Sea, there are many powerful top-notch masters. In the totem country, there are countless ferocious creatures. It’s too dangerous to go there.”