Chapter 349 - Threat From The Two Overlords (2)

Chapter 349 Threat from the Two Overlords (2)

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

In the tavern.

Sister Shi was chatting with Xiao Qin and the others in surprise.

Xiao Qin and the others hid Shi Yu’s identity.

However, some vocation information couldn’t be hidden.

After all, before Shi Yu left just now, he had said that he wanted to investigate.

“Your new boss is actually an archeologist?” Sister Shi was surprised. Archeology and ruins seemed to be pretty compatible.

He just didn’t know what good news Xiao Qin, his new superior, could bring back.

“I’m back.”

As they were communicating, a white light suddenly flashed. Shi Yu and the gem cat appeared in front of them.

“So fast?” Shi Yu had returned less than an hour after leaving, shocking Xiao Qin and the others.

However, they realized that Shi Yu’s expression didn’t seem very happy. “What’s wrong?” Shi Yu said, “This island might be hiding some unknown danger. Let’s retreat a little first. Let’s return to the sea and see the situation first.”

“Sister Shi, your people should go too. Gather them.”

Sister Shi was instantly at a loss.

However, after Xiao Qin’s expression turned serious, she chose to believe Shi Yu immediately.

“Let’s do as he says.”

Shi Yu took a long breath. What did that laughter mean?

Forget it, He’d challenge this island when the reinforcements from Dragon Palace City arrive!

Forget it, I’ll meet this island when the reinforcements from Dragon Palace City arrive!

However, while Shi Yu’s idea was good, but accidents were always a step faster.

With a loud bang, Shi Yu and the others, who were about to leave the island, suddenly trembled.

Boom!

On the oppressive island, a huge vibration suddenly came from the sky, breaking the string in everyone’s hearts.

The pirates in the tavern were instantly shocked and threw the wine aside.

“Holy shit, the ruins have descended.”

“The ruins must have descended.”

The huge change instantly attracted the attention of everyone on the island.

It also made Shi Yu, Sister Shi, Xiao Qin, the gem cat, and the others widen their eyes in shock.

“Let’s go out first.”

There was an earthquake.

The ground cracked, and the buildings on the island instantly collapsed, forcing everyone out.

Boom!

When he arrived in the outside world, under the shocking vibration, a dark blue vortex seemed to appear in the sky.

And space seemed to have been sliced open, and a huge crack appeared./ please keep reading on MYB0XN0VEL(d0t)C0M.

The big pirates and two overlord-level foreign races all over the island revealed looks of ecstasy when they saw this scene.

“It’s indeed a ruin!!!”

“There really is a Pirate King Ruins!”

“Wahaha, legendary gem, legendary Undying Ginseng. No matter what treasure it is, it’s mine!”

On the island, the vigilance of many factions was raised to the extreme.

After all, if there was really a treasure, then a storm of blood would definitely arise on this island.

Treasures could only be obtained by the strongest faction.

Under the gaze of countless lives, the sky changed again.

A dazzling white light shone in the sky, as if a treasure had fallen from the vortex.

At the moment, although they couldn’t see what it was, the pirates attacked very quickly.

“It’s a gem, I can sense it!”

“There’s really a legendary gem!” At this moment, the most shocked was still the gem

cat.

Just as the phenomenon appeared in the sky, it could feel the gem eye trembling crazily.

It felt like he had been hungry for a long time and would subconsciously drool when he saw delicious food.

Out of racial instinct!

“Did I sense wrongly? Since it’s a treasure, we’ll snatch it too!!!” Shi Yu shouted at the gem cat.

Damn, there was really a legendary-level treasure.

No matter what kind of sinister laughter it was, as long as it was a real treasure, it was a hearty and kind laugh.

As for the two overlords, he really wasn’t afraid. With Etherealization and Concealment, these two overlords who weren’t spatial overlords would be at a loss.

10 billion, 10 billion.

The treasure appeared.

In an instant, many pets flew into the sky and rushed towards the vortex. It was already impossible to tell which pet was which faction.

However, with a shocked roar and vibration, all the pets in the air froze.

“Roar!!! (Get lost!!)”

Under the gaze of the pirates on the island, a black giant ape relied on its jumping power to directly leap into the sky. Moreover, its entire body emitted a huge overlord deterrence. A perfect-level deterrence instantly blew away the pets who wanted to snatch the treasure like a tornado.

With a wave of its arm, the monarch-level pet that blocked the way was instantly smashed into meat paste, making many pirates’ faces turn pale.

“You’re the one who wants to get lost.”

However, at this moment, the Black Ape overlord wasn’t the only overlord on the island.

As an equally powerful deterrence spread, the two overlord deterrence formed a confrontation in the sky. It was as if the sky had cracked, making countless pirates reveal serious expressions.

Putting aside the group battle strategy, these two overlords should be the strongest two life forms on the island.

“This is for Lord Yaqi. You get lost.”

In the sky, a snakeman also flew up with the light, forming a confrontation with the giant ape. A moment later, under the collision, the two overlords were bounced back.

However, no one expected that at this moment, a third party suddenly stepped in. A powerful Psychic domain instantly spread and enveloped the sky. With the advantage of its attributes, it was the first to touch the gem. Then, under the envelopment of Psychic power, the gem quickly disappeared with the spatial ripples! “You’re courting death!”

Seeing this, the snakeman overlord and the giant ape overlord were stunned for a moment before flying into a rage.

In the sky, they looked in the direction where the Psychic Domain came from.

Apart from them, countless pirates also acutely locked onto the direction.

Of course, the most shocked were still the pirates near Shi Yu and the others.

Sister Shi, Xiao Qin, and the others, as well as the nearby pirates, saw it with their own eyes. The gem cat beside Shi Yu erupted with powerful strength. When the snake person and the Black Ape overlord weren’t paying attention, it used its Psychic and spatial abilities to combine and teleport the treasure to its side.

Then, the treasure instantly disappeared, as if it had never appeared in the world.

In fact, the gem cat had given the gem to Shi Yu to store in the ruins space the moment it snatched it.

Unfortunately, it couldn’t be sloppy when absorbing legendary-level resources. It needed time, or else it would want to absorb it now.

“Meow.” At this moment, after snatching the gem, the gem cat looked pleasantly surprised and excited.

The moment its Psychic power locked onto the gem, it already knew what it was.

It was a legendary gem, nine-colored jade.

It was a core crystal that could only be taken out by killing a totem-level creature, the Gem Beast King!

Legendary-level resources were all worth more than ten billion.

Moreover, it was a super resource that even money couldn’t buy.

Among them, the nine-colored jade was even considered a relatively top-notch legendary resource. It contained the power of nine attributes!

However, snatching the treasure was equivalent to becoming a hatred attraction on the island.

In an instant, a terrifying deterrence enveloped half the island.

Countless figures moved crazily towards them. Among them, the snake overlord and the Giant Ape overlord were the fastest.

It arrived almost instantly.

Boom!

The giant ape overlord landed on the ground and smashed a huge pit. In the smoke, it stared at the gem cat fiercely.

The snakeman overlord followed closely behind with a ferocious expression.

This scene almost frightened Sister Shi, Xiao Qin, Huang Qi, Qin Mingzhi, and the others. They were instantly nervous to the extreme.

However, at this moment, Shi Yu and the gem cat were still licking their lips. They were not afraid at all because of the overlord’s hostility. There was a gene called madness and risk in their bones.

“You’re courting death!!!”

The overlord giant ape was the first to roar. However, it also discovered that the gem cat was an overlord. It didn’t attack first, afraid that the snake overlord would benefit from it.

“Hand over the treasure!!”

The snake overlord looked at Shi Yu and the others fiercely and said, “Otherwise, you will become the enemy of the entire country.”

In the face of the threat of the two overlords, although Shi Yu also broke out in cold sweat, he still said calmly,

“Impossible. The so-called treasure belongs to the capable. I won’t hand the Undying Ginseng to you!!!”

“I won’t give you the Undying Ginseng even if I die!!!”