Chapter 359 - The Gem Cat Stepping Into The Totem Realm (1)

Then, as Buggy entered the Dragon of Imagination state and obtained the life, energy, physique, and attributes of the divine dragon, it gathered the merits of countless perfect dragons. Even if it was just a trace, its attributes directly doubled.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Energy Points: 7,880,000

The increase in his body was not inferior to Eleven’s Inner Power at all.

At this moment, although Buggy still maintained its butterfly body, its strength was no longer as simple as a butterfly’s.

Even the seemingly weak wings were like the wings of a dragon. They contained the physical strength to destroy everything, enough to smash a steel building without any skills.

Hu hu hu!!!

Stopping in midair, Buggy began to expand. It spread its huge wings and waved them.

The surrounding valley environment instantly collapsed. The Imagination Domain turned into a hurricane environment.

Countless strong winds began to sweep out of Buggy’s wings. The fierce white whirlwind rushed over like a tsunami. The water on the tentacle almost instantly disappeared. Then, the strong winds left countless marks on the tentacle like blades. Moreover, they erupted with very powerful strength and directly pressed the tentacle back.

“Wu!!!”

In the sky, Buggy tried its best to display its strength. It was very satisfying.

Now, there was no need to be at the bottom, right?

“Gulp.” Not far away, Sister Shi and the other Marines gulped and were shocked by Shi Yu’s strength.

It was fine if it was just one, but why was every pet of Shi Yu so ridiculous?

In comparison, as monarchs, why were their pets so weak…

Of course, the stronger Shi Yu was, the happier they were. Whether they could successfully leave alive depended on this person. No, to be precise, they looked at the gem cat that was absorbing the nine-colored jade in midair.

Most importantly, whether this cat could successfully break through.

At this moment, Shi Yu also looked at the gem cat worriedly.

Could it work?

If the gem cat failed to break through, it would be troublesome.

/ please keep reading on MYB0XN0VEL(d0t)C0M.

At that time, they could only take a gamble and hide in Shi Yu’s ruin ring space. Although they couldn’t leave the island, they could hide deeper.

This Vortex Demon Beast didn’t have spatial power or rationality, so it might not be able to find them. Although this choice meant giving up struggling and becoming a living target, if the enemy couldn’t find the target, there might be a chance for the Vortex Demon Beast to leave.

The use of the equipment that Bureau 11 gave to every member to protect their lives was revealed at this moment.

But if it didn’t leave…

In this situation, Shi Yu looked at the sea. He could probably only wait for the reinforcements from Dong Huang, Dragon Palace City, and the totem country.

The Snake Lord and the Earth Demon Ape died in the hands of the vortex totem. The Eight-Headed Orochi Totem and the Giant Ape Totem were both outstanding among top-notch totems. There was no reason for them to let the weak Vortex Demon Beast go!

…

In the outside world.

As the changes happened on Hot Summer Island, it was trapped by countless water pillars and the ruins that overlapped with reality. The Dong Huang Navy hidden around it indeed discovered the abnormality immediately and looked at everything in shock.

“This, this is…”

On a certain Dong Huang Navy battleship, a brigadier general looked at the image displayed on the battleship’s monitor and compared it in shock.

On the warship, there was naturally a detection system. Almost effortlessly, they recognized the identity of the culprit behind all of this.

During the Space Emperor Era, the Demon Beast that wreaked havoc in the sea was a totem-level monster!

“Not good, not good.”

The brigadier general transmitted the news here to the Dong Huang Navy headquarters almost immediately.

However, although the news had been transmitted, at the moment, be it the navy, the pirates, or the passing sea beasts, none of them dared to approach the surroundings of Hot Summer Island at all. After all, that was a totem-level monster.

Going to that chaotic area was courting death.

But at the moment, what made these Dong Huang Marines feel even more troubled was…

The change in Hot Summer Island and the appearance of the Vortex Demon Beast seemed to have attracted more trouble.

< Name > Lava Beast

[Race Level]: Mid-level overlord

[Level of Growth]: Overlord

< Introduction > It’s a powerful life form born naturally in magma.

There were already two lava beasts heading over.

They were dozens of meters long and looked like turtles. Their shells were like volcanoes as they walked directly on the sea. With every step they took, hot land would be formed on the sea.

These Lava Beasts were all subordinates of the Lava Totem and belonged to the same race.

Hot Summer Island belonged to the Lava Totem territory. The moment the Vortex Demon Beast appeared, it alarmed the overlord of the Lava Kingdom.

“Human!!!”

The arrival of the two overlords made the scalps of the brigadier general on the warship and the Marines standing on it tingle. They didn’t expect to bump into these monsters.

“Give us an explanation!!!”

After the two overlords who had stepped on the ocean arrived, they immediately threatened the Dong Huang Navy that had intruded into their territory. At the same time, they looked at the Vortex Demon Beast in the distance with fear.

“The overlords of the Lava Nation.”

General Ma Zheng of the Dong Huang Navy took a step forward with a dark expression and said, “I also want to know what’s going on. Why did the Vortex Demon Beast that wreaked havoc in the East Sea hundreds of years ago appear in your territory?”

Because the wrath of Dong Huang was backing him up, and the recording device was on the warship, he wasn’t very afraid of the two overlords.

“How do we know? It must be another conspiracy by you humans!!!”

The Lava Beast had a classic temper. They didn’t like the Vortex Demon Beast either. After all, they were incompatible. Now that the Vortex Demon Beast had appeared in their territory and humans happened to be gathered here, how could they be happy?