Chapter 355 - Buggy Wants To Break Through (1)

With a boom, the explosion just now seemed to have awakened and disturbed the sleep of some powerful creature.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The sky above the island, which had just recovered from darkness to blue, changed again!

It was still the phenomenon that appeared with the legendary gem just now.

Countless vortices filled the island, land, and sea.

Countless spatial cracks spread everywhere like spiderwebs.

Under the change, a faint deterrence spread out from nowhere and enveloped the entire island.

When the deterrence touched Baby Ginseng, Baby Ginseng’s expression froze almost instantly, and its smug expression stopped.

When the deterrence touched Baby Ginseng, Baby Ginseng’s expression froze almost instantly, and its smug expression stopped.

He kept feeling that he had gotten into trouble.

Wait, could it be that the boss of these two overlords was here to take revenge for them…

“Yi…! (Shi Yu, save me!!)”

“This is…”

The expression of the gem cat beside Shi Yu instantly changed.

“The power of a totem!”

The gem cat shouted in disbelief.

“Where did this totem come from?”

Shi Yu was also extremely shocked. Then, he realized something and looked at the spatial cracks.

[Hehehehe.]

At the same time, the strangest thing was that Shi Yu, who was rushing towards Baby Ginseng, had his brain rumble again.

It entered the “listening to the Voice of History” state.

This time, not only was there that sinister laughter, but a blurry historical image appeared in front of his eyes.

[In the scene, it’s a white-haired old man in his twilight years. He’s wearing a coat. He’s sitting on a huge rock at the edge of the island, looking at the sea and muttering to himself, “I’m going to die.”]

[Woof, woof.] Beside the old man was a huge pirate dog. It had a black and white intertwined body, and its face was half white and half black, as if it was wearing a pirate mask.

[Old pal, what do you think? I plan to transform the Beast Taming Space into a ruin and then put in a legendary gem to attract future explorers. Of course, since it’s an exploration, there’s a reward, so there has to be a little risk. How about we put the Vortex Demon Beast that we worked so hard to seal… Together with the gem? When the gem appears, the Vortex Demon Beast that wreaked havoc in the sea at that time will also be unsealed. I hope it can add a hint of fun to these explorers.]

[Hehehehe. At that time, they should hate this old man very much. I wonder if the pirates hundreds of years later can successfully steal this old man’s gem under the threat of the totem. How interesting. Unfortunately, I won’t be able to see it.]

[Eh, hehehehe.]

[Woof, woof, woof] (Perhaps I’m not human, but you’re a real dog).

“F*ck.”

The shadow of history shattered, and Shi Yu instantly cursed.

Pirate King? This old man was very bad.

He could understand even if he plotted to possess, revive, and seek benefits for your descendants and pets.

But wasn’t this operation harming others without benefiting oneself? It was too harsh.

So he had set a trap beside the treasure. No wonder his smile was so sinister.

Shi Yu didn’t know what the Vortex Demon Spirit was, but the word totem alone carried great power.

“We’re screwed. What the hell is this?” At that time, when Shi Yu recovered from the shadow of history, the sky outside had already changed.

The huge ruins space seemed to overlap with the entire Hot Summer Island.

Under the island, a huge demonic shadow that looked like an octopus appeared.

Its countless tentacles spread out and broke out of the water like it was stretching.

Right on the heels of that, along with the tentacles, countless streams of water also followed closely. Hundreds of water pillars with a diameter of 100 meters connected to the dark cloud vortex in the sky, sealing the entire island.

Beside Shi Yu, the gem cat looked at the changes in its surroundings in shock and was extremely stunned.

The survivors on the many islands also looked at the huge monster that enveloped the island in shock.

The power it emitted was incomparably terrifying. In an instant, everyone realized that this was a totem.

“Ridiculous, why is this thing here?”

“Heavens, our ship…”

< Name > Vortex Beast

[Attributes]: Water

[Race Level]: ???

[Level of Growth]: Totem Level

[Energy Points]: ???

< Introduction > The monster that wreaked havoc on the seven islands in ancient times disappeared for a mysterious reason.

The most ridiculous thing was that Shi Yu’s archeological index actually recorded information about this thing.

This guy was a totem magical beast from hundreds of years ago!

“Let’s go,” Shi Yu immediately said.

At the same time, he telepathically told the cat what he had just seen. In an instant, the cat’s expression froze.

“Let’s go,” the cat said with a tremble.

The man and cat didn’t regret snatching the legendary gem, but they didn’t want to face the Vortex Demon Beast in front of them at all.

At this moment, the cat shouted in the sky, its spiritual perception spreading throughout the island.

“Not good, we’ve all been tricked. Be it the legendary gem or the Undying Ginseng, it’s all a conspiracy of the Pirate King. That Undying Ginseng is the first trap left behind by the Pirate King for us, and this Vortex Demon Beast is the second trap left behind by the Pirate King. His goal is to kill us.”

Before running, it didn’t forget to transfer the hatred and clear Shi Yu’s name.

The gem cat’s words instantly broke the defense of the pirates on the island.

A subtle pain appeared on their bodies.

“Son of a b*tch, I shouldn’t have believed in the nonsense about treasures.”

“That bastard Pirate King.”

“Vortex Demon Beast, isn’t that the monster that wreaked havoc on the seven islands hundreds of years ago? How is this guy related to the Pirate King? Bastard!”