Chapter 356 - Buggy Wants To Break Through (2)

At this moment, the surrounding temperature plummeted. Countless stiff pirates looked at the sealed sea area and were at a loss.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

At this moment, someone discovered that the Undying Ginseng and the “corpse” of the Black Ape overlord had already disappeared.

But at the moment, this was no longer the question everyone was most concerned about.

Now, as the Vortex Demon Beast woke up and the ships on the sea were instantly swallowed, they only wanted to know how they could leave here alive in this situation.

The gem cat instantly gave the black ape overlord the finishing blow. At the same time, after teleporting back to Baby Ginseng, it immediately escaped with Shi Yu and Baby Ginseng, who had just shown off.

They quickly returned to Xiao Qin and the others, who also looked panicked.

“I’ll take you away first.”

After arriving, under the cover of the gem cat’s psychic power, it was about to teleport away from the island. However, the next moment, the cat was stunned.

The light in the gem eye stopped.

Instant Transmission failed!

“What’s wrong?” Seeing that the gem cat didn’t move for a long time, Shi Yu hurriedly asked.

Now, there were super vortexes around the island, enveloping the island. Even battleships couldn’t pass through with ships. They could only rely on Instant Transmission.

Everyone was like a turtle in a jar.

“Because the space in the ruins overlaps, the surrounding space seems to be in a sealed state. Instant Transmission can’t lock onto the location outside the island.” The gem cat wanted to cry. It wanted to leave this place more than anyone else.

“What about flying?”

“No, it looks like we’re still on the island, but we’re actually already sealed in the subspace. If we can’t find a way to crack the ruins, I’m afraid we won’t be able to escape at all. We’ll be like ghosts running around the island.”

As soon as it finished speaking, the Vortex Demon Beast that created countless water pillars was like a wild beast that had been hungry for a long time. Everyone only heard a deep roar from the bottom of the sea, and countless tentacle-like water pillars began to whip down towards the island.

The target locked onto every life on the island.

Hundreds of water pillars that reached the sky hit the life forms on the island like whips and tentacles.

“Ah!!!”

In an instant, countless screams came from the island.

Those pirates who didn’t get too close to Baby Ginseng and survived the explosion were almost unable to resist the attack of the totem-level Vortex Demon Beast.

Under the huge water flow, those Beast Tamers and monarch-level ferocious beasts were instantly smashed into meat paste.

Then, the life essence in the bodies was absorbed into its body by the Vortex Demon Beast.

“Meow, meow!!!”

Shi Yu and the others were considered lucky because they had the overlord-level gem cat.

Although these tentacles were strong, they weren’t all coming towards Shi Yu and the others. Under the gem cat’s Psychic power, the tentacles that smashed over were directly fixed in midair. Then, they were crushed by the gem cat with full battle power and thrown back.

“This guy is very weak now. Although it’s a totem, it’s far inferior to those Dragon Kings in Dragon Palace City,” the gem cat shouted.

Shi Yu and the others were delighted.

“However, I still can’t defeat it!”

“If this continues, when the others are absorbed, it will sooner or later divert all its attention to deal with us.”

“It’s been sealed for hundreds of years. Although it’s weak now, it’s even hungrier and more brutal than all the ferocious beasts just now!”

Then what the hell!

“It’s indeed ferocious.”

Shi Yu also cursed in his heart. He tried to communicate with the Vortex Demon Beast telepathically, hoping to talk nicely. There was no need to fight and kill as a friend, but this guy seemed to be irrational at this moment.

After being sealed for so long, its hunger directly turned it into a “real magical beast”.

“We can’t call for help either… The spatial magnetic field is in chaos, the signal has been cut off.” Xiao Qin looked at the communicator solemnly.

“Minister, why don’t you summon the battleship and give it a try?”

“Although I don’t know if it can contact its main body in the chaotic spatial magnetic field, we can only give it a try. If it succeeds, someone will definitely come to save us. We just have to last until that moment… Or, Sister Shi, there should be our people on the surrounding islands.”

“Our people are indeed on the surrounding islands. They should have already captured the current situation here, but…” Sister Shi said at this moment. However, she hesitated. She looked at herself and the few navy spies around her.

She wasn’t confident.

Even if the Dong Huang Navy noticed the situation here, with their identities and status, it would probably be very difficult for the navy to send experts who could resist the totems to save them in a short period of time.

On the other hand, if Xiao Qin was in danger, her father would definitely invite experts to rescue her immediately.

“That’s too slow,” the gem cat said. “When the time comes, it’ll be too late. They can only be treated as our last hope.”

It didn’t think that they could last long under the siege of the totem.

“The current situation is very difficult to deal with, unless…”

It had spatial skills, so it could understand the difficulty of this sealed space better than Xiao Qin.

Under the influence of the Vortex Demon Beast’s power, the descending ruins space had already become a cage.

Unless someone could become the master of the ruins and obtain the right to control the ruins, just like how Shi Yu obtained the ruins bead back then… Only then could he leave safely.

However, in such an environment, the chances of becoming the master of the ruins were minimal. In fact, when the Pirate King modified the ruins, it was one thing if he left behind a switch to control the ruins.