Chapter 353 - Towering Emperor Self-Exploding Overlord (3)

As for the Snake Lord, it felt that its spirit had reached a climax. Its gaze was filled with joy because its mouth was less than a meter away from Baby Ginseng.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

It clearly smelled the delicious body fragrance of the ginseng baby and looked at its frightened green eyes. It was extremely happy.

“Baby, don’t be afraid. From today onwards, we’re one. I’ll be very gentle and swallow directly. I won’t let you feel any pain.” The Snake Lord was extremely considerate.

Upon hearing the Snake Lord’s words, Baby Ginseng was relieved. The moment it approached the Snake Lord’s mouth, traces of the Time Hexagram appeared in its green eyes. At the same time, an honest voice sounded.

“Yi. (Thank you, Auntie. I’ll remember you forever.)”

Then, its aura rose steadily.

Today, the towering emperor had stepped into the overlord realm to kill the overlord.

…

“What exactly are you planning?!”

At the same time.

Beside the tavern that had long lost its smoke.

Xiao Qin looked at Shi Yu in confusion.

At the moment, there were less than ten people left here. They were all from Dong Huang.

Apart from Shi Yu and the others, the rest were spies planted by the Dong Huang Navy among the pirates.

Xiao Qin and the others knew that Baby Ginseng was Shi Yu’s pet.

Seeing that Shi Yu had attracted the enemy’s attention with Baby Ginseng, they could be said to be very confused.

Of course, what was even more incomprehensible was why Baby Ginseng could emit such a tempting fragrance.

If it weren’t for Shi Yu stopping them, even their pets would have wanted to participate in the ginseng baby battle with the main group.

“If we don’t do this, how can we escape?” Shi Yu said calmly.

“Wu.” “Wu!” “Mi!” “Ning!” Four little pets also appeared from Shi Yu’s body.

“But…” Sister Shi still couldn’t understand.

“Did you predict this and let us do that in advance?” She was referring to spreading the news of the Undying Ginseng.

“I wouldn’t say that.” Shi Yu scratched his cheek.

Could he say that even without the ruins of the Pirate King, he still wanted to scam an overlord to death and get more benefits?

“Stop talking, let’s run first,” Shi Yu said.

“Are we going to abandon Baby Ginseng?” Xiao Qin was a little angry.

Shi Yu’s actions were too similar to the scumbag behavior of using the ginseng baby to attract the enemy’s attention in order to obtain other treasures.

This kind of abandonment of pets for the sake of life was really common in the Beast Taming World.

She felt that Shi Yu shouldn’t be such a Beast Tamer.

“Of course not.” At this moment, the gem cat chuckled and answered for Shi Yu.

At the same time, the Psychic domain had already enveloped everyone, planning to move further away.

Shi Yu looked into the distance with a serious gaze and said, “I’m afraid… that if we get too close… Baby Ginseng will accidentally injure us when it kills those enemies later.”

“What?” As soon as he finished speaking, Sister Shi, Xiao Qin, and the others widened their eyes in shock.

What did that mean?

Wait a minute…

“Coming!” At this moment, sensing the energy reaction fusion in the distance, the gem cat grinned and teleported everyone further away with a whoosh.

Just as they landed, everyone saw a white light flash in the distance!

[You… Could it be…]

At this moment, the ferocious beasts near Baby Ginseng sensed the strongest.

The second before it swallowed the ginseng baby, the snake owner was still very happy.

But in the next second after swallowing the ginseng baby, it felt that something was wrong.

It felt that his body was extremely hot.

Not far away, the expression of the Earth Demon Ape, which was showing disbelief, also changed instantly. Its body was warned to the extreme, and its hair kept trembling.

The surrounding monarchs who were looking at the Snake Lord unwillingly also instantly felt a fatal wave.

“Roar!!!”

At this moment, the ground rumbled. Countless ferocious beasts took a step back and turned around with distorted expressions. At the same time, they were still informing the Beast Tamers to escape.

Escape.

Run!

However, it was already too late.

With a boom, the sky seemed to have changed drastically. The entire sky darkened. With a loud bang, everyone was pulled to another space and time, arriving at a world that belonged to the night.

The dark sky and bright night moon made everyone silent.

At this moment, time seemed to have stopped.

In the dark night, everyone clearly saw a strong light erupt from the snake’s main body in the next moment.

Boom!!!

Endless strong light spread in the surroundings. At this moment, the Snake Lord’s body was almost instantly obliterated. The Snake Lord’s eyes were still filled with an incomprehensible expression, including the eight-headed form it had created. The moment it came into contact with the strong light, it instantly turned into nothingness!

A terrifying energy wave shook the sky and earth, forming a spreading huge explosion. Everything in the range of the explosion would directly sublimate.

“No!!!” The overlord giant ape also shouted crazily. Even if it wasn’t at the core of the explosion, it still felt an unprecedented threat. At this moment, the explosive desire to live made it instantly stack countless defensive skills and escape into the distance with all its might.

And those monarch-level ferocious beasts were trembling to the extreme.

However, the explosion spread faster!

Almost unsurprisingly, the enemies who wanted to devour the ginseng baby were all enveloped by white light!

The light of the explosion quickly spread for several kilometers before slowing down. Although the destructive power continued to weaken, it still destroyed everything in a breath. The pupils of the big pirates who followed their pets to chase after Baby Ginseng constricted almost instantly. They tried their best to use all their life-saving skills to face the white light!

As for Shi Yu and the others who were further away from the explosion, apart from Shi Yu and the gem cat who were relatively calm, Xiao Qin, Sister Shi, Huang Qi, Qin Mingzhi, and the others’ eyes almost popped out.

They looked at Shi Yu as if looking at a monster.

“Beautiful, Baby Ginseng.”

The gem cat was extremely impressed.

As for the others, they were stunned.

This was a f*cking ginseng baby?

This was the pet of a f*cking master-level Beast Tamer???

Wasn’t this a nuclear bomb baby?

At this moment, the entire island could see the huge explosive energy phantom that filled the sky. It was a white energy body similar to a ginseng baby. It was a hundred meters tall and opened its round arms, as if it was hugging the world. It was very happy.

But under the energy phantom was endless ruins, a huge pit thousands of meters in diameter. The entire island rumbled, as if it was about to sink.

“Well done. You’re the fully deserving MVP in the team today.”

Shi Yu held his headache and smiled as he looked at the white baby ginseng phantom that connected the sky and the ground. At this moment, the baby ginseng that had finished absorbing the power of the moon and was reborn slowly condensed its body in the air at the center of the explosion with the help of the time mark. Bit by bit, it condensed.

Moreover, with the power of the moonlight, it completed the breakthrough and was reborn!

It looked down at everything.

< Name > Undying Ginseng

[Level of Growth]: Monarch Level

Energy Points: 7 million

“Yi…” It swept up transcendent deterrence and roared. The deterrence swept through the sky and ground of Hot Summer Island, and its size multiplied several times. It spread its white Leaf Wings and flew in the sky, its gaze sweeping across the pirates still alive on the island.

With the towering emperor here, who else wanted to eat it? Come if you have the guts!!!

At this moment, the survivors on the island looked at the Undying Ginseng that killed two overlords in the sky. Their pupils constricted, and the entire island was stunned.