Chapter 358 - The Gem Cat Stepping Into The Totem Realm

In order to ensure that every pet had a good foundation, Shi Yu let every pet choose a special breakthrough method when they broke through.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

One was to strengthen oneself with the power of nature.

When Eleven broke through, it absorbed the power of the heavenly lightning to the greatest extent.

Chi Tong absorbed the power of the sun.

As for Baby Ginseng, it absorbed the power of the moonlight.

Of course, not every pet could do this.

Firstly, pets needed to master extremely high energy control. Secondly, they also needed to have the skill to mobilize the power of nature.

Eleven and the others matched this.

But compared to Eleven, Chi Tong, and Baby Ginseng, Buggy didn’t have any skills to trigger the power of nature…

However, it had two more special skills.

Illusory Phantom and Imagination Domain.

These two skills could allow Buggy to create illusions, and the characteristic of illusions was that they could use external objects to strengthen the illusion itself.

At the same time, Buggy also had the Dragon of Imagination skill.

The Dragon of Imagination could rely on the divine dragon phantom created to strengthen itself.

Therefore, although Buggy couldn’t borrow the power of nature, it could maximize the effect of some dragon-element resources.

For example, back then, with the help of the level-seven resource Ice Dragon Whiskers, Sea Dragon Scales, and Tyrant Dragon Fang, it could directly lead it to battle monarchs.

Therefore, when it broke through, Buggy also began to rely on external forces.

As for the external force this time, it wasn’t the three level-seven resources.

It was the traces of the power of the hundred Dragon Gods it had stolen in Dragon Palace City.

Although Buggy had only stolen less than 1% of the traces of power that contained the Dragon God’s will, to be honest, Buggy had yet to digest it.

They were all forcefully imprinted by Buggy through Dream Steal and stored in its consciousness space.

/ please keep reading on MYB0XN0VEL(d0t)C0M.

Usually, when he slept, he was “conquering” these things.

Now that Buggy’s will had broken through, Shi Yu and Buggy felt that perhaps Buggy could try to control these powers.

“Not good!!”

At this moment, four huge tentacles attacked from Hot Summer Island. Everyone’s expressions changed drastically.

The two just now were already fatal. Now that there were four here, what would happen?

Boom.

The silver sea battleship fired another energy storage cannon and sent a tentacle flying.

At the same time, Xiao Qin shouted solemnly, “No, I can’t contact the main body.”

As soon as she finished speaking, the surrounding Dong Huang Marines fell silent.

Although they had never expected it to work, it was still very uncomfortable to receive such news.

Buzz!!

Accompanied by the attack of the silver sea battleship, the second tentacle was still pressed back by the combination of Susu and Chi Tong with the Interlocking Sword.

“Roar!!!”

As for the third tentacle, it was suddenly caught by the huge beast that had suddenly enlarged to a hundred meters with a bang.

Boom!

Under the huge impact of the tentacles and water, the ground under Eleven’s feet caved in. However, with a sizzling sound, Eleven also successfully used the Thunder Palm to penetrate the water, charring the tentacles and pushing them back.

“There’s one more.”

Huang Qi and the others looked at the last huge tentacle that swept the water over.

“Leave it to me. You guys go charge the silver sea battleship.”

Shi Yu said to these guys who couldn’t be of much help.

Although this Vortex Demon Beast was in a weakened state and didn’t use any skills at this moment, attacking purely with its physical body and natural power, it wasn’t something ordinary Beast Tamers and ordinary monarch-level pets could deal with.

Even Eleven and the others found it very difficult to resist.

Instead of watching here, it was better to be a battery for the Silver Sea Battleship. Just Xiao Qin’s battery wasn’t enough.

At the same time, the one who resisted the last tentacle was not Baby Ginseng, who had just broken through.

Although Baby Ginseng was also very strong, at the moment, the most suitable position for Baby Ginseng was undoubtedly still support and treatment.

There was another way to deal with this tentacle!

“Wu!!!”

The Butterfly of Imagination had long flown up.

At this moment, the surrounding environment seemed to have become a huge valley under the modification of the power of imagination, making everyone reveal shocked expressions.

Because if it were an ordinary valley, it would be fine, but this valley… was very huge. Moreover, hundreds of dragon statues of different forms were carved between the mountain walls!

Among them, they were from the Sea Dragon Race, Thunder Dragon Race, Heavenly Dragon Race, and Sea Serpent Race, but each individual form was unique. They were all quasi-mythical races, emitting incomparable dragon might.

“Roar!!!”

At this moment, in the Imagination Domain, every Dragon God statue was lifelike and filled with deterrence, as if they had come alive.

On their bodies, illusions slowly appeared, gradually forming the bodies of divine dragons that flew into the sky. For a moment, the dragons in the sky danced around in extreme shock.

Combination skill… Dragon God Ceremony!

As Buggy mobilized the weak power of these Dragon Gods with its sublimated will, it seemed to want to sacrifice these Dragon God phantoms and make them its power!

“Roar!!!”

Accompanied by a roar that filled the sky, the hundred divine dragon phantoms flew towards the butterfly’s body together and instantly surged into the Butterfly of Imagination. The energy of Buggy began to increase steadily!

< Name > Butterfly of Imagination

[Level of Growth]: Monarch Level

At this moment, with the help of the Dragon of Imagination skill, Buggy directly broke through.

In front of Shi Yu, Buggy’s energy level began to increase crazily.

The first stage.

Energy Points: 3,790,000

This was the energy value of Buggy’s normal state.