Chapter 357 - Buggy That Couldn'T Take It Anymore And Wanted To Break Through (3)

“Give me a few minutes.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Shi Yu, give me the gem.”

Suddenly, the gem cat looked at Shi Yu.

“You mean…” Shi Yu immediately understood. He took out the Legendary Gem from the ruins space and threw it to the gem cat.

The nine-colored gem nine-colored jade instantly floated beside the gem cat.

“I don’t know if it can work, but I can only take a gamble. During this period, I want to try my best to absorb the power of the gem. Your safety depends on yourselves. The power of one of its tentacles isn’t strong. Shi Yu, you should be able to barely resist it. You can also use the power of the battleship.”

“Most importantly, protect me from being disturbed.”

During the process of absorbing the gem, it couldn’t be disturbed. Unfortunately, the level of Shi Yu’s ruins space was too low. Otherwise, it might be able to try to break through in the ruins space, but to be able to withstand a totem-level ruins space, even in its perfect state, it had to be a legendary Beast Tamer’s space.

Therefore, it could only try to break through in the outside world.

If the breakthrough was successful, with the power of the totem, it would be easy to shatter the ruins space of the Pirate King and the power barrier of the Vortex Demon Beast. All of them could leave successfully.

“I understand. Don’t worry and absorb it.”

After Shi Yu finished speaking, the gem cat floated in the air. Its eyes flashed with a holy light as it interacted with the nine-colored jade in front of it and tried to absorb the power of the legendary gem.

At this moment, Shi Yu also took a deep breath. Pets stood on Shi Yu one after another.

Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong, and Susu looked solemnly at the hundreds of tentacles dancing crazily on the ocean towards the island.

The island trembled and was getting closer and closer to sinking.

The silver sea battleship and the legendary gem were summoned by Shi Yu and thrown to the side. Xiao Qin immediately boarded the battleship.

Sister Shi, Huang Qi, Qin Mingzhi, and the navy also looked at the tentacles in the sky solemnly with the pets they had summoned.

Soon, two huge tentacles attacked again.

That was because the life forms elsewhere had already been absorbed by the huge tentacles. In the blink of an eye, there were already very few Beast Tamers on the island who could resist the Vortex Demon Beast.

With a boom, the silver sea battleship shot out a huge golden cannon and directly smashed back a tentacle.

Sister Shi’s monarch-level Giant Crocodile Turtle, Huang Qi’s monarch-level Dragon Tornado Sponge, Qin Mingzhi’s monarch-level Dragon Claw Octopus, and nearly ten monarch-level pets attacked another tentacle together.

However, their combined strength was also very helpless against this huge tentacle.

Although there were many skills, they were too scattered and couldn’t condense into a force. They couldn’t form effective destructive power at all.

None of them was a top-notch master. Facing a totem-level tentacle, even if it was a totem without skills and in a weakened state, it was still very difficult to resist.

“Damn it.” Seeing this, Huang Qi and the others revealed indignant expressions.

However, at this moment, Shi Yu’s attack successfully defeated the tentacle.

Susu leaped up and transformed into a humanoid water elemental form. It wore the Gemini Silver Armor that appeared out of thin air and swallowed the Time Fruit!

Boom!

When a huge monarch aura erupted from Susu’s body, fiery red flames also erupted from its body. A longsword filled with sun flames appeared in its hand.

With the Legendary-level Gemini Silver Armor as a medium, Chi Tong possessed Susu. In the blink of an eye, their auras rose to an extremely terrifying level, even surpassing Shi Yu, who was possessed by Chi Tong.

The appearance of the red-haired Chi Tong and the armored Water Element General instantly made Sister Shi, Qin Mingzhi, Huang Qi, and Xiao Qin, who was trying to communicate with the outside world and waiting for her skills to cool down, reveal shocked expressions.

It was almost a sword.

The sword pressure of red and blue directly swept up a huge force, crushing countless water streams and sending the tentacles flying.

Of course, this was not worth bragging about at all. The weak Vortex Demon Beast did not even use any skills. Just its hundreds of tentacles wrapped in natural power caused shocking damage to the Beast Tamers on the island. At this moment, just as it repelled one, four more tentacles slapped down, making Shi Yu and the others reveal serious expressions.

Seeing this, the monarch-level ginseng baby and Eleven stood out immediately.

Only Buggy was at a loss.

It felt that with the strength of a commander rank, even if it brought equipment, it was useless against this tentacle.

It couldn’t devour infinitely like Susu. It could absorb the Time Fruit relatively quickly and perfectly. At this moment, Buggy suddenly realized that it was trash…

Buggy: !!!

No… No!!!

It didn’t want to be the one holding the team back!!

“Stop it, break through!”

Shi Yu’s voice sounded. “Although I don’t know what happened, your will increased in that instant.”

Buggy: …???

Buggy was instantly silent.

So, Eleven’s mid-level willpower was improved by awakening the royal bloodline. Baby Ginseng’s willpower was trained by experiencing life and death. Chi Tong’s willpower was enhanced by the meaning of life. Susu’s powerful willpower was tempered by countless reincarnations, and it…

Did its will break through because it didn’t want to be at the bottom?

Buggy instantly looked at the Vortex Demon Beast angrily. Damn it, it was too much of a bully! Die!