Chapter 354 - Buggy Wants To Break Through

“This, what exactly is…”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The change in Hot Summer Island was not small.

The light shadow of the ginseng baby appeared and disappeared quickly.

The explosion just now darkened the sky.

But slowly, the blue sky appeared again.

But no one cared about this.

At the moment, the survivors only wanted to know what the “Undying Ginseng” in this Pirate King Ruins was and what kind of monster it was!

That attack just now…

Was it not a totem attack?

The ingredient… attacked someone?

As for the people around Shi Yu, such as Sister Shi and the others, who had been on the island and had personally helped Shi Yu spread the rumors, they were confused.

Now, they really wanted to know where Xiao Qin’s young superior came from.

This kind of move… At this age, they couldn’t imagine when such a super monster had appeared in Dong Huang.

“You guys stay here and don’t walk around.”

“We’ll be back soon.”

At that moment, Shi Yu didn’t want to explain anything. Instead, he directly went to fetch Baby Ginseng with the gem cat.

Clean up the battlefield and pick up the spoils of war!

Hopefully Baby Ginseng didn’t explode too completely!

At this moment, Baby Ginseng was very excited.

The moment it self-destructed, Shi Yu confirmed it.

Its will had reached the intermediate level.

This meant that it could directly break through without suppressing its level.

At that instant of self-destruction, Baby Ginseng felt its entire body disappear, and its consciousness almost instantly blurred.

At the same time, the most tragic thing happened.

The contract between it and Shi Yu began to break because of its death.

Fortunately, the final update of the time mark recorded its contracted state.

Therefore, when revived, under the effect of the power of time, it quickly repaired the contract before it completely broke!

This made Baby Ginseng heave a sigh of relief.

When a pet died and the contract broke, it would more or less affect the Beast Tamer.

If the Beast Tamer was in a good state, the impact could be ignored.

But if the Beast Tamer’s condition was extremely poor at that time, the Beast Tamer’s life would also be in danger.

Fortunately, Shi Yu’s actual physique was off the charts and not as weak as he looked, so Shi Yu only felt a little dizzy and in pain.

If this move was used by other Beast Tamers in a desperate situation in poor condition, it was hard to say if the pet would self-destruct or if the Beast Tamer and the pet would self-destruct together.

At that moment, after reviving, Baby Ginseng looked around.

It actually didn’t know if the explosion killed the two overlords.

However, even if it didn’t die, it should have been crippled.

It had already broken through to the monarch level. Sensing its powerful strength, Baby Ginseng was not afraid of the two crippled overlords at all.

Although its only time mark had been consumed, and it would take months to condense it again if it wanted to revive, and it couldn’t self-destruct in the short term… it could still use the Time Fruit.

It had finally broken through to the monarch level. Now that it was creating the complete version of the Time Fruit to use, the side effects were much smaller.

It wasn’t accurate to say that it had monarch-level battle power now. It should be called a quasi overlord-level strength. With the help of the Time Fruit, it could still pay an acceptable price to launch an overlord attack. Although it wasn’t as powerful as self-destruction, it shouldn’t be a problem to hit the old, weak, sick, and crippled overlord.

It was this confidence that made Baby Ginseng look down from the sky.

With a look, it was impressive.

Baby Ginseng was immediately shocked.

Many monarch-level ferocious beasts nearby had already been blown to ashes, including the overlord-level ferocious beast, the Snake Lord, that had already turned into dust.

But in the huge pit, a huge black ape still had vital signs and breath.

The Earth Demon Ape wasn’t completely dead!

Although it wasn’t completely dead, it seemed to have lost its battle power. Realizing this, Baby Ginseng was delighted.

This wasn’t a bad thing.

Speaking of which, Baby Ginseng felt that it was a pity that Aunt Snake had been blown to ashes.

After all, the materials on the overlord were all level-seven resources. That snake skin was definitely the top-notch material.

In the end, it exploded just like that. How regretful.

Now that it saw that the Earth Demon Ape was still alive and its body wasn’t destroyed too badly, Baby Ginseng’s gaze gradually became fierce.

Swoosh!

Its arm spread into a huge tree trunk, forming a wooden strip. It grabbed the Earth Demon Ape and raised it into the sky.

“That’s… the Black Ape overlord.”

The survivors were shocked when they saw the “corpse” raised by Baby Ginseng.

“Master, wu wu wu, my master!”

Among the servants of the Black Ape overlord from the totem country, there was also a survivor. He looked at the Black Ape overlord in the sky and covered his mouth with tears.

However, did he dare to move? He didn’t dare to move at all.

This Undying Ginseng killed two overlords in one strike and directly became a great horror, making all the survivors afraid.

No one knew what had happened just now. Self-destruction and revival… No matter how imaginative a Beast Tamer was, they couldn’t think in this direction at this moment.

In everyone’s eyes, it was basically equivalent to what ability the Undying Ginseng used to kill the strong enemy in one go.

Now that they were facing such a strong Undying Ginseng, how could they dare to offend it again?

“Yi!!!”

At the same time, holding the spoils of war, Baby Ginseng roared excitedly.

Seeing this, Shi Yu and the others, who were rushing towards Baby Ginseng, subconsciously smiled. Baby Ginseng was feeling good today!

Eleven and Buggy looked enviously at Shi Yu.

They didn’t know when they could easily destroy an overlord like Baby Ginseng.

Though, it didn’t last long.