Chapter 360 - The Gem Cat Stepping Into The Totem Realm (2)

The two lava beasts roared.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“What did you say!!”

“What’s the point of dragging in Dragon Palace City?” A voice erupted.

“Roar!!!”

Just as the two lava beasts were denouncing him, the sea suddenly trembled.

In the next second, with a boom, a huge water tornado rose out of thin air and connected to the sky from the deep sea.

Moreover, a deep whale-like cry was emitted.

Whoosh…

Then, the waterspout dissipated from the inside, and a huge whale wrapped in water rushed into the sky.

Its back was black, its abdomen was grayish-white, and it had a sharp back fin that looked like a tiger whale. The question just now came from its mouth.

At this moment, when they saw this huge monster, the expressions of the two lava beasts instantly changed. General Dong Huang, Ma Zheng, was also instantly stunned.

What a coincidence.

Right now, it was the number one general under the Sea Dragon King in Dragon Palace City, the overlord of the strongest ladder team in Dragon Palace City, the Sky Penetrating Whale.

On the Sky Penetrating Whale, they also saw a white divine dragon. They recognized at a glance that this was the son of the Sea Dragon King, the Third Prince of Dragon Palace City.

Apart from that, there seemed to be a little cat.

The vibration of Hot Summer Island was naturally noticed by the Sky Penetrating Whale and the others who were rushing from the Rainbow Islands to Hot Summer Island.

The cat clone’s expression changed almost instantly, and it urged the Sky Penetrating Whale to come over quickly to see the situation.

At this moment, the cat clone looked at Hot Summer Island wrapped in the vortex, and its expression gradually collapsed.

“Mister Whale, leave them alone!!!”

“I can feel my main body there. This, what’s going on!!”

“Shi Yu and the others are definitely inside. Hurry, hurry up and think of a way.”

“Why would a totem appear? I can already imagine the tragic situation of the main body and Shi Yu inside. They must be crying and crying so pitifully at this moment. Wuwuwu, quickly save them.”

“What the?” At this moment, the Sky Penetrating Whale was also very shocked. It looked at the Vortex Demon Beast in the distance in confusion.

Didn’t he say he was here to give the badge?

What the hell was this!

Why was it different from what they had agreed on!

It was clearly here to take the badge, so why did it become a fight with the totem!

There had to be overtime pay for this!

The little white dragon: “Ah, this…”

So what was going on?

“Sky Penetrating Whale, Dragon Palace City’s Second Prince!”

As the Sky Penetrating Whale appeared, and even the son of the Sea Dragon King and the Azure Dragon King appeared, the two lava beasts instantly cowered. Who didn’t know that the Sky Penetrating Whale’s battle power was enough to rank in the top five among the overlords of the East Sea?

Even if the two of them worked together, they might not necessarily be able to defeat the Sky Penetrating Whale.

Moreover, there wasthe greatest trigger in the East Sea here.

Offending the White Azure Dragon was basically equivalent to provoking two totems…

Dragon Palace City was clearly very far away. Why would they suddenly come?

“General Whale… Second Prince…” At this moment, when they saw the appearance of the Sky Penetrating Whale, the most surprised were still these Dong Huang Marines.

Ma Zheng seemed to have found his backbone and instantly said,

“General Whale, do you know what’s going on? There’s the Dong Huang Navy on Hot Summer Island. Please help. When the time comes, the Dong Huang Navy will definitely be very grateful!”

At this moment, the Sky Penetrating Whale looked at the Vortex Demon Beast and the sealed space and ignored the brigadier general.

What did it have to do with the Dong Huang Navy? How could it go and provoke the totem for a few Marines?

However… Shi Yu…

According to the gem cat, if Shi Yu was really inside, it definitely couldn’t let Shi Yu be in danger.

Shi Yu had too much to do with Dragon Palace City. Not only did he have a deep relationship with the Ice Dragon King, but he also obtained the Dragon God’s favor.

Therefore, when it saw the island being crazily beaten by the Vortex Demon Beast’s tentacles, it instantly panicked.

But it didn’t have the confidence to break into the space either. This was very unsolvable.

“The other party is a totem. I’m not very confident. I can only try my best to stall it.”

“Little White, didn’t the Sea Dragon King give you a life-saving scale? Don’t keep it anymore. Use it quickly. If it senses that you’re in danger, the Sea Dragon King and the others will definitely come looking for you.”

With that said, General Whale charged towards the Vortex Demon Beast with a whale roar. At this moment, it could also sense the weakness of the Vortex Demon Beast. It believed that it could still delay the other party for a moment.

“I understand.”

At the same time, the little white dragon immediately said.

And now, looking at the Sky Penetrating Whale that suddenly rushed towards Hot Summer Island and the Vortex Demon Beast, General Ma Zheng and the two lava beasts were a little stunned.

At that moment, no matter how dumb they were, they knew that an extremely important figure was trapped on the island.

Just that bit of Dong Huang Navy was not enough to make Dragon Palace City work so hard.

General Whale and the others attached great importance to him. They even didn’t hesitate to let the Third Prince use the life-saving scale to summon the Sea Dragon King?

“Who is it?” The two lava totems were silent.

Who exactly was on that island?

…

On Hot Summer Island.

The Vortex Demon Beast was still attacking.

At the moment, most of the life forms on the island had been absorbed by it.

A few minutes had passed.

Shi Yu and the others felt double the pressure.

Without the others attracting the attention of the Vortex Demon Beast, its many tentacles began to concentrate on sweeping towards Shi Yu and the others.

Eleven!

In a few minutes, Shi Yu and the others had already spent a lot of effort to resist the multiple attacks of the Vortex Demon Beast, but the counterattack was like a tickle to this guy. It didn’t seem to be of any use at all.

This was an attack that purely used its body to sweep up the power of nature without using any skills.