Chapter 369 - Monarch Level Achieved

For the next period of time, Shi Yu chose to work overtime at home and fight the national competition.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Ning, Ning, Ning.”

On this side, Susu couldn’t go to the Rainbow Islands to cleanse the heavily polluted Rainbow Sea. After returning, Susu felt very uncomfortable.

It was as if he had OCD and knew that a place in the house was very dirty, but he couldn’t clean it.

However, Susu was also very sensible. It knew that the Chaotic Sea was in danger now.

Therefore, it purified the Shi Yu family and the ruins ten times before calming down.

Susu: ε(┬┬_┬┬)3

It still wanted to go to the Rainbow Islands…

“Don’t worry, don’t worry.”

After Shi Yu rested, he said to Susu, “The Rainbow Sea is just a small fight. After the National League, I’ll take you to a place called the Undead Battlefield.”

“That place is filled with plagues and curses. It needs cleansing more than the Rainbow Sea. You definitely like it.”

Susu: (๑✦ˑ̫✦) Undead Battlefield?

It didn’t sound like a place in the world of the living. Great.

“Mi!!”

Chi Tong’s eyes also lit up as it applied to team up with Susu.

At that time, Susu would cleanse the plague and curses. It would “cleanse” those undead. A perfect partner!

“Alright, I’ll let you team up.”

Shi Yu chuckled.

Previously, he originally didn’t plan to go to the Undead Battlefield for the time being. After all, there was a sealed top-notch totem there. Chi Tong’s mother was very threatening.

However, wasn’t the gem cat at the totem level!

Why would he be afraid of a mere sealed Undying Dark Phoenix?

At that time, he would let the gem cat lead the team.

This place was a good place.

Chi Tong’s Spirit Release skill was currently at expert proficiency. If it wanted to advance to perfect proficiency, it still needed to kill an overlord-level undead and a hundred monarch-level undead.

At that time, Shi Yu planned to bring Chi Tong to the Undead Battlefield to level up and increase the proficiency of this super racial skill.

Even if it couldn’t reach perfect level, reaching expert level+10 wasn’t bad!

What?

There were no overlord-level undead in the Undead Battlefield? There weren’t enough high-level undead? Even if there were enough, they could hide too well, so they couldn’t be found?

Was that a problem? He would directly carry a basket of nutritional fruits and time fruits. He would give them something good to eat first, raise their levels, and then send them on their way. He would perfectly solve this problem.

Although he didn’t know if the level increase with the Time Fruit counted, it was definitely better than directly killing it.

At the same time, the Undead Battlefield was also a good place for Susu.

Not only could it train Chi Tong’s Spirit Release, but it could also train Susu’s Holy Water Ring.

Skill: Holy Water Ring

< Introduction > It’s a super water-type skill. It creates a resistance water ring. When affected by the abnormal state of its life form, it reduces the effect of the abnormal state and increases the effect of the water-type skill!

The Undead Battlefield was filled with plagues and curses from top-notch totems. It had been more than a thousand years and had yet to disappear. Compared to the Rainbow Islands, where the pollution had mostly dissipated in less than a hundred years, that place was much more dangerous.

If it went deep and stayed for a long time, even overlords would probably be affected. However, Susu definitely loved this environment.

Coupled with the Holy Water Ring and the max-level water-element cleansing skill, perhaps… it could really make a name for itself in the Undead Battlefield.

At the same time, in the Undead Battlefield, Susu and Chi Tong could also practice combination tactics from time to time and kill monarchs. This was simply a training treasure land customized for them.

Although he couldn’t train ruthlessly in the ruins space, there were still many good places in Dong Huang!

“At the moment, there’s no Beast Tamer in the country who can cleanse the dangerous land of the Undead Battlefield. If Susu can do it in the future, that would be a huge contribution.”

“Why don’t we start with the Undead Battlefield after the Dong Huang Environmental Protection Department is built…”

Shi Yu sighed. This was not a gift from the heavens…

In short, super skills were still difficult at the moment, so adding points and training still had to be carried out at the same time.

At the moment, there was still more than half a month until the National League. Shi Yu tightened his grip.

In the past half a month, he planned to devote all his energy to Susu.

As for Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, and Chi Tong, they had already reached the monarch level. Shi Yu made them stop their high-intensity battle training. After all, it was very difficult for the ruins space to withstand the continuous torment of monarch-level power.

Therefore, the training content of the four of them was still mainly to train their willpower and develop profundities.

It was to use Baby Ginseng’s Time Fruit to return to the Awakening, transcendent, and commander levels to withstand various imagined extreme environments.

This training method was indispensable for their willpower to reach the mid-level so quickly.

…

Half a month later.

The Burning Gold that Principal Feng mentioned still hadn’t come, and there was still no news of the legendary resources. It would probably take a while to approve it. During this period of time, Shi Yu had already maxed out Susu’s pile of skills.

< Name > Susu (Mutated Water Slime, Blue Sea Sprite Reincarnation)

[Attributes]: Water

[Race Level]: Low-level overlord

[Level of Growth]: Monarch Level

[Race Skill]:

Below super level (all max level): Multiplication, Bubble, Water Regeneration, Poison Resistance, Purification, Lightning Resistance, Boiling Water, Frozen Water, Water Tornado, Praying Rain, Steam Explosion, Protection Water

Super level: Holy Water Ring (Initiate), Water Element Control (Expert)

[Taught Skill]: Deterrence (transcendent), Absolute Sleep (transcendent), Infinite Devour (Proficient)

Energy Points: 4,290,000

After half a month of hard work, Susu’s growth level also reached the monarch level under Shi Yu’s additional points.