Chapter 365 - Great Harvest After Returning To Dong Huang (1)

“Mister Whale, thank you for attracting firepower outside. Otherwise, I wouldn’t have been able to last until I broke through. Next time, I’ll give you dried fish in Dragon Palace City.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

On the other side, the gem cat retracted its clone and immediately received the memories of the clone during this period of time. Then, it thanked the Sky Penetrating Whale that was also left behind.

“I, you, it… forget it, congratulations…”

The Sky Penetrating Whale still didn’t understand why it was inferior to a hooligan who broke through to the totem level first even though it had been fighting in the sea for so many years.

Its super racial skill proficiency was definitely higher than the gem cat. After fighting for Dragon Palace City for so long, it had even obtained three rewards for legendary resources. However, after using legendary resources three times, it had never successfully broken through to the totem level.

This made the Sky Penetrating Whale very uncomfortable. It looked at the sea, at its face that looked like a tiger whale, at the face of the gem cat that looked like a big white cat, and immediately came to a conclusion.

Perhaps it was because its face was darker, while the gem cat’s face was paler…

However, in order to prevent itself from being envious, jealous, and hateful, the Sky Penetrating Whale quickly found a balance and comforted itself.

totems that used resources to break through were the weakest totems. Without a solid foundation, their battle power was lacking.

It was not envious, not envious, not envious… It was not envious at all.

At this moment, Sister Shi and the others’ superior, Brigadier General Ma Zheng, finally started to ask about the specific situation.

After saluting Xiao Qin and the others, he began to ask about the cause and effect.

However, although Sister Shi and the others were directly under General Ma Zheng, when it came to the situation on the island, they still subconsciously cast their gazes at Shi Yu, Xiao Qin, and the gem cat.

Without the permission of Shi Yu and the others, they didn’t dare to say anything, even if the other party was their superior.

“It’s alright, just tell the truth,” Shi Yu said.

There was such a big commotion here. In addition, they were all family, so there was nothing to hide. Most importantly, Shi Yu was very satisfied that the gem cat had broken through to the totem level. It was invincible. This time, it was really invincible. Who else was at the totem level? Although it was the weakest totem, as long as it ran fast, there was no problem.

A moment later…

“Is the Vortex Demon Beast really a conspiracy of the Pirate King…”

“What!! The legend of the Pirate King Ruins is true? The gem cat successfully broke through with the help of the gem?”

“Wait, wait a minute? Minister Shi Yu… used Baby Ginseng to shatter two totem country overlords? And he insta-killed them?!!”

…

The story gradually became clear. The student of Ancient Capital University, who was also an archeologist of Bureau 11 and the minister of the Ocean Environmental Protection Department, Shi Yu, brought the guardian overlord of Ancient Capital University to follow the traces of the legendary gem to explore Hot Summer Island. In the end, not only did he really discover the legendary gem, but he also snatched it in the midst of danger under the two overlords and shattered the overlords. Then, an even greater conspiracy by the Pirate King appeared. The Vortex Demon Beast broke through, but not only was Shi Yu and the others fine, the gem cat even temporarily used the gem to break through. With the appearance of a new totem, it defeated the Vortex Demon Beast that had once wreaked havoc in the East Sea and had incomparably terrifying strength…

The incident on Hot Summer Island, with the highest secret, only reached the hands of the navy headquarters’ General Xiao Hai. After watching it, General Xiao Hai couldn’t calm down for a long time, his gaze blurry.

He understood the logic, but what the hell was with Shi Yu crushing two overlords?

Wasn’t Shi Yu a level-five Beast Tamer and a master-level Beast Tamer?

Although Shi Yu was very strong, the Sequence Competition Committee had ranked Shi Yu at 81. To a certain extent, it was already a comprehensive evaluation of Shi Yu’s battle results and strength, but what was that now?

Even Ye Xing, who was ranked first in the Sequence, couldn’t instantly kill two overlords so easily!

Under normal circumstances, Xiao Hai would definitely find it difficult to believe, but the problem was that this battle result was jointly confirmed by Xiao Qin and nearly ten other Marines present. Even the two pirates who were captured had seen with their own eyes that it was a ginseng baby that shattered the two overlords with a flip of its hand.

The pirates might not know the situation, but the Marines present knew that the ginseng baby was not the Undying Ginseng of the Pirate King Ruins at all, but Shi Yu’s pet…

“This 20-year-old young man… used Baby Ginseng to shatter two overlords in one hit?”

It was off the charts!

This navy general was completely confused. He only felt that this incident revealed an unscientific and strange feeling.

He quickly thought of how Shi Yu had used the power of the gem cat to deliberately lie about his battle results in order to fight for the ranking of the Sequence. However, he quickly felt that there was no need. With Shi Yu’s identity, there was no need for him to do this. Moreover, such an increase in ranking would immediately give him away. So… it was true?

“Shi Yu? I’ll remember that. If everything is true, I look forward to your next performance.”

General Xiao Hai walked to the phone and prepared to pass this information to the Tyrannical Sea Legend and the old principal of Ancient Capital University who had entrusted him to help Shi Yu establish the Ocean Environmental Protection Department. Moreover, he had to let the principal of Ancient Capital University know about the gem cat’s breakthrough first…

…

Ancient Capital University.

The retired Principal Feng was training Lu Qingyi.

In fact, Principal Feng was very unwilling to let Lu Qingyi participate in the World Tournament. After all, Lu Qingyi’s strength was not strong to be honest. Although her battle results were outstanding and she was now ranked in the top ten of the Sequence Tournament committee, how could Principal Feng not understand that these battle results were obtained by Lu Qing with the super forbidden skill “Mythical Revival”?