Chapter 361 - The Gem Cat Stepping Into The Totem Realm (3)

“Is this a totem?”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Shi Yu was extremely solemn.

“There are too many this time.”

Seeing the eleven tentacles attack, Shi Yu’s scalp went numb. Eleven and the others also looked tired, and they even had injuries on their bodies.

If not for the fact that the gem cat was still breaking through and couldn’t be disturbed, Shi Yu would have already wanted to bring everyone into the ruins space.

“Hold on a little longer,” Shi Yu said to Eleven and the others.

“Wu!!” “Wu!!” Eleven, Buggy, and the others looked at the tentacles of the Vortex Demon Beast with determination.

It had to be said that the results of the willpower training were reflected. In the past, they might not have been able to deal with the totem’s attack so actively.

Although they had yet to temper their overlord will, each of them had already started to have the mentality of an expert.

“No, there are too many.”

However, there were still too many tentacles. Seeing the tired Eleven and the others, Xiao Qin and the others on the battleship already felt that it was very difficult to resist.

However, at this moment, with a boom, the tentacles that filled the sky seemed to have encountered a huge impact. Its entire body suddenly trembled, and even the tentacles that swept towards Shi Yu and the others suddenly stopped in midair. Then, they subconsciously retracted. This scene stunned Shi Yu and the others.

“Someone attacked outside and attracted the attention of the Vortex Demon Beast.”

Shi Yu subconsciously reacted and looked at the gem cat.

Good thing.

Although he didn’t know who it was, he hoped they could buy them more time.

At this moment, under Shi Yu’s attention, the gem cat’s energy level was increasing crazily.

It had already increased by a few minutes.

It came to 60 million.

Even if it couldn’t break through successfully, legendary-level resources were still top-notch treasures. They could also strengthen many pets’ battle power.

However, at the moment, the gem cat wasn’t pursuing this level of strengthening. It wanted the legendary gem to increase its life level and reach the totem level.

It didn’t know what was going on outside.

The Vortex Demon Beast didn’t continue attacking. Although its tentacles were still waving, most of them were waving outside the fog.

“Don’t worry… Don’t worry…”

At that moment, immersed in the process of absorbing the legendary gem, the gem cat was also trying its best to remain calm.

There was hope.

This gem was simply tailor-made for it.

Originally, it was just an ordinary gem cat from Ancient Capital University.

But at the moment of life and death, something unexpected happened.

Ordinary gem cats could only evolve once through the Eye of the Gem and the Evolution Gem, but after it mutated, it could absorb multiple gems and absorb gems multiple times to constantly evolve.

Depending on the attributes of the gem, one could also obtain skills with different attributes.

It was this outstanding talent that made the gem cat reach the overlord level while lazing around.

This nine-colored jade contained nine attribute powers. Generally speaking, it was not a very good strengthening resource, because very few pets could match it.

But the gem cat felt that it might be able to.

At this moment, it wasn’t interested in whether the gem could allow it to evolve again. This wasn’t important. It only wanted to know if this gem could increase its growth level!

Soon, ten minutes had passed since the gem cat began to absorb the legendary gem.

In the outside world.

At this moment, the Sky Penetrating Whale was fighting the countless tentacles of the Vortex Demon Beast with difficulty.

After absorbing a lot of life essence, the power of the Vortex Demon Beast had already recovered a small portion.

A thick fog began to envelop its endless tentacles.

In addition, at this moment, hundreds of tentacles triggered the power of nature together and wrapped around deterrence. The Sky Penetrating Whale faced a huge pressure that Shi Yu and the others didn’t.

“Roar!!!”

The Sky Penetrating Whale roared.

Its body was wrapped and whipped by countless tentacles. It struggled free again and spat out dragon waves that swept across the tentacles.

Lightning flashed and thunder rumbled around him. Waves appeared frequently, and tornadoes wreaked havoc. It was like an apocalypse scene.

The Lava Beast, the little white dragon, and the Dong Huang Navy swallowed their saliva crazily.

“Why isn’t the Sea Dragon King here yet!”

The Sky Penetrating Whale was furious. If this continued…

Every time it was attacked, it felt that a lot of its life essence was absorbed by this guy.

If this continued, it wouldn’t be saved unless it had ten Time Fruits for its retirement!!!

“General Whale, it…”

“Can we win?”

On the navy battleship, the brigadier general watched all of this solemnly. At this moment, he still wanted to know how the interior of the island was.

“That’s impossible.”

“No matter how strong the overlord is, no matter how weak the totem is, as long as there’s no Beast Tamer strengthening it, it’s very difficult for the overlord to defeat the totem,” the two lava overlords said.

Buzz!!

A terrifying power formed a confrontation in the air.

Roar!

The Vortex Demon Beast roared. The spreading fog formed a deep power that swallowed the Sky Penetrating Whale’s move.

Violent, bloodthirsty, chaotic, hungry…

A series of negative emotions spread out, corroding the Sky Penetrating Whale’s will.

“Why isn’t Father here yet…” At that moment, even the little white dragon was anxious.

If it encountered danger, with this rescue speed, it would have long died.

“Dong Huang, where’s your rescue?”

“Why isn’t it here yet?”

“Yes, yes, quickly apply to launch that whatever intercontinental missile. Blast it!” the gem cat urged.

Facing the question of the little white dragon and the gem cat, the Dong Huang Navy was silent.

But at this moment, the equally anxious gem cat clone was suddenly stunned. It looked into the distance and sensed something.