Chapter 366 - Great Harvest After Returning To Dong Huang (2)

The effect of this skill was similar to letting the shadow of a divine beast possess a pet to fight for her. It was an opportunity obtained by Lu Qingyi in the Mythical Ruins. After using it, it could increase the overall strength of the pets Lu Qingyi had obtained. For example, just the energy value could increase to more than ten million. However, the side effects every time she used it were not small, so Principal Feng was not willing for Lu Qingyi to take the risk in the World Tournament.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

However, he also understood the attraction of the World Tree to archeologists. Therefore, after careful consideration, he could only decide to use this year to increase Lu Qingyi’s normal battle power with all his might, so that she wouldn’t rely too much on the skill “Mythical Revival” to increase the battle power of her pets.

“But apart from Qingyi, there aren’t many people from Ancient Capital University who can achieve results in the Sequence battle. It’s a pity about those rewards.”

Principal Feng sighed as he looked at the ranking that occasionally changed in the Sequence Battle. His gaze landed on Shi Yu, who was 81st.

This ranking was too low.

This ranking only included Eleven’s battle result of defeating the Thunder Dragon Crown Prince in Dragon Palace City. Although it was already very impressive, it couldn’t withstand the fact that Shi Yu only had one monarch-level pet at that time. In addition, Shi Yu had a telepathy talent and didn’t have any other dazzling battle results.

Overall, 81 was already not bad, but Principal Feng knew that Shi Yu rarely fought head-on. In terms of explosive strength, Shi Yu was also very terrifying now.

For example, although that ginseng baby was only at the commander level, with that Time Fruit, if he didn’t care about the price, Shi Yu might be able to fight an overlord. Of course, the price of fighting an overlord was too high, but it was still easy for all of them to have monarch-level battle power.

In Principal Feng’s opinion, Shi Yu should have a place in the top 20. As for higher, it depended on whether Shi Yu was willing to pay such a huge price for the battle.

“Huh?”

Looking at the ranking Principal Feng, the communication device page was suddenly occupied by a call. He looked at the caller ID and was stunned.

“General Xiao Hai.”

“Principal Feng.”

Principal Feng picked up the phone. The two of them went straight to the point.

“Principal Feng, I have some information to tell you,” General Xiao Hai said.

“It’s related to Shi Yu and the guardian overlord of your school, the Gem Cat.”

“Tell me.” Principal Feng’s heart skipped a beat. He suddenly had a bad feeling.

But a moment later…

Chaos Sea, Hot Summer Island, Pirate King Ruins, Vortex Demon Beast… A pile of information surged into Principal Feng’s ears, causing his expression to gradually change until it froze.

“Holy shit!!! The gem cat broke through to the totem?? How is this possible?”

“What!! Shi Yu commanded Baby Ginseng to crush two overlords?!”

“Wait, wait… I’m a little confused.”

…

Dong Huang Sea Region, near the Ice Dragon Snow Mountain.

Dong Huang and the others didn’t stay long in Hot Summer Island because the previous battle would definitely awaken the Lava Totem. As a top-notch totem, although Dragon Palace City wasn’t afraid and didn’t fancy it, Dragon Palace City wasn’t willing to offend it. After all, even if there were many divine dragons working together, they couldn’t defeat this guy.

This was because apart from its battle power, its escape skills were also top-notch. When the time came, it could burrow into the depths of the magma and underground. The Dragon God couldn’t do anything to it.

Just look at the countries that had offended it. For example, the seven islands. Now, it would even erupt a slight volcano from time to time and cause a slight earthquake. It was all the revenge of the Lava Totem.

To be precise, none of the totems that could be active in the Chaotic Sea were easy to deal with. If there were no special circumstances, Dong Huang, the Seven Islands, and Dragon Palace City were unwilling to directly fall out with them.

Therefore, Shi Yu and the others quickly left the Lava Totem Domain and returned to Dong Huang.

At this moment, although Shi Yu and the others had learned that the Rainbow Islands had been recovered, they were not in the mood to take a look over there. They planned to wait until the Chaotic Sea Region stabilized.

So many pirates had died in the Lava Totem Domain, and an overlord had died in the Ba Qi Nation and the Great Ape Nation. Next, the Chaotic Sea Region would definitely be even more chaotic. It was not suitable to stay for long, not suitable to stay for long…

The Sky Penetrating Whale, the White Azure Dragon, and the others escorted Shi Yu and the others out of the Chaotic Sea. After obtaining new resources from Shi Yu, they returned to Dragon Palace City.

As for Dragon Palace City, Shi Yu and the gem cat also planned to visit later. It was better to return to Dong Huang to report such a big matter like the gem cat’s breakthrough.

“Why did you suddenly become diligent?”

On the silver sea battleship, Shi Yu was amused to see the gem cat lying on the flying carpet and cultivating.

This didn’t look like a gem cat.

Logically speaking, after breaking through, shouldn’t he be more lazy and have no worries at all?

“What do you know?” The gem cat curled its lips.

Its current hard work was for it to slack off better in the future!

“Why don’t I understand?” Shi Yu also curled his lips and said, “Aren’t you just perfecting your race?”

After transcendent life forms reached the totem level, race and race levels were no longer important to them.

Because at this level, they could already unearth the potential of life and automatically optimize their race, develop new racial skills themselves, and optimize their own and even the next generation’s bloodlines.

Although it couldn’t reach the Mythical race, as long as a totem-level life form was willing to train, there was basically no one lower than a high-level overlord race. The term quasi Mythical race was tailor-made for the totem level.

It could be said that every totem was ultimately a quasi Mythical race.