Chapter 367 - Great Harvest After Returning To Dong Huang (3)

Therefore, if there was a small chance that there might be identical races and races among the creatures of overlord races, then it was already very difficult to find completely similar races among totem-level creatures because they could automatically DIY and optimize their race’s bloodline.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

For example, the Dragon God of Dragon Palace City evolved herself into a humanoid dragon girl through this ability.

The gem cat grinned. “No, the most important thing is to develop new skills.”

“What skill?” Shi Yu asked.

“It’s a secret.”

Shi Yu: “?”

“Is it very powerful?”

“It should be very powerful.” The gem cat was certain. After all, it could slack off.

Shi Yu nodded. “Then you develop it. After the development is successful, I’ll see if it’s powerful. If it’s powerful, it’s mine.”

Now, Shi Yu couldn’t be bothered to replicate super skills, even if it was the cat’s Illusion Star Annihilation.

Although the Illusion Star Annihilation was very powerful and a rare multi-element super skill, not necessarily weaker than skills like the Interlocking Sword, or even much stronger, he didn’t replicate it. It did not have the novelty from before.

It was mainly difficult for non-racial skills to lead to an increase in growth level, and super skills were difficult. Therefore, unless it was super strong super skills like the Time Mark and Infinite Devour, Shi Yu still planned to prioritize increasing the racial skills of his pets. This could also better lead to an increase in growth level.

“We’re here.”

At this moment, they were getting closer and closer to land.

…

Although it was Shi Yu and the gem cat who courted death by bringing Xiao Qin, Huang Qi, and Qin Mingzhi to Hot Summer Island, and the three of them were almost involved in danger because of Shi Yu and the gem cat’s courting death, after experiencing this crisis, the three of them were completely convinced by Shi Yu.

Shi Yu’s ginseng baby had shattered two overlords. Any one of the pets could resist the attack of the Vortex Demon Beast. He could even attract two totems to save himself. In addition, he had “cultivated” a totem-level gem cat. Without thinking, it knew that if it followed Shi Yu, it would definitely be able to eat well.

When Shi Yu got off the ship and prepared to return to Ping Cheng, Xiao Qin stood on the warship and nodded at Shi Yu. “Leave the modification of the Marine Environmental Protection Department base to me.”

“Please.” With that said, Shi Yu’s figure had already turned blurry. He was teleported back to Ping Cheng by the totem-level gem cat with Instant Transmission.

Once.

It only used Instant Transmission once.

In an instant, they crossed the Ice Dragon Snow Mountain, which was even larger than Icefield City, and arrived at Ping Cheng, arriving at Shi Yu’s training villa.

This Instant Transmission efficiency simply made Shi Yu drool.

When could Buggy reach the totem level? This Instant Transmission was no different from the city’s teleportation array. It was too useful, ten thousand times better than before.

Totem level was beautiful.

“Aiya, I feel that it’s still much inferior to the Intercontinental Teleportation Formation of the Space Emperor. Annoying.” However, the gem cat beside him was very dissatisfied.

“Stop being dissatisfied,” Shi Yu said with the corners of his mouth twitching.

The reason why they were in a hurry to return this time was that Principal Feng had directly rushed over from the ancient capital and was waiting for them. They couldn’t let the old man wait too long.

Of course, the most important thing was still…

“Principal Feng, this time, there shouldn’t be a problem for me to be an official member of the first bureau, right?”

Seeing that Shi Yu and the others had finally returned, Principal Feng, who had been sitting at the stone table in the courtyard for a long time, finally got up happily. However, Shi Yu and the others’ next words just as they returned made Principal Feng speechless.

The requirement of an official member of the first bureau was to have the ability to command the totems in battle and solve the Dong Huang crisis together. Although Shi Yu and Ice Dragon were on good terms previously, it didn’t look like he could casually invite Ice Dragon to attack, but this time…

He looked at the guardian overlord of Ancient Capital University who was eating and drinking with Shi Yu. No, it should be called Dong Huang’s guardian now. He was silent for a moment. In addition… the two totem dragon kings had gone to save Shi Yu together… and the Blue Sea Sprite in its growth stage… With this background, and even some other minor details, it could be ignored. It wasn’t impossible to enter the first bureau in advance.

“Shi Yu will be covered by me. Let him join,” the gem cat said generously.

It would be a waste not to take the resources of the first bureau.

At this moment, Principal Feng had many things to say, but when he saw Shi Yu and the others, he didn’t know where to start.

He should reprimand Shi Yu and the others for running around and going to dangerous places. The key was that their gains this time had reached a ridiculous level.

If he wanted to praise it, Principal Feng, who regarded Shi Yu as his own child, treated Shi Yu the same way he treated Lu Qingyi. He didn’t want to encourage his arrogance of going to dangerous places randomly.

In the end, Principal Feng only covered his forehead helplessly and said, “Your ginseng baby should have used the self-destruction effect of the Time Fruit and Moon Explosion together, right?”

“Yes.” Shi Yu nodded.

“As expected… But it can actually kill an overlord. I underestimated the power of this combination skill…” Principal Feng sighed.

Shi Yu and the gem cat : “…”

Perhaps he didn’t underestimate it, but sending the ginseng baby into someone else’s mouth before exploding… A Beast Tamer with a clean heart really couldn’t do this. This was much more powerful than directly self-destructing…

How could the effect of a forbidden weapon exploding beside someone be the same as exploding in his mouth?

“However, this move shouldn’t be able to be used in the short term, right?” Principal Feng said.

“Yes…” Shi Yu nodded. He didn’t know how long it would take Baby Ginseng to condense the next time mark, but it definitely wouldn’t take a year. It wouldn’t delay him from going to the World Tournament to blow up an overlord. In any case, he had already planned to obediently increase his points in Dong Huang within this year. He shouldn’t encounter any danger.