Chapter 363 - The Gem Cat Stepping Into The Totem Realm (5)

Splash.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Before long, under the vibration of countless ocean creatures, two hundred-meter-long divine dragons appeared from the sea and circled in the sky. They looked at the fine little white dragon and the gem cat in the distance that emitted the power of totems in silence.

“Dad, Mom, I’m fine. I called you over to save Minister Shi Yu, but from the looks of it, it’s alright too?”

The little white dragon looked at Shi Yu, who was “directing” the totem-level gem cat, with shining eyes. It knew that Shi Yu was a hidden expert.

Cultivating totems was the ability of the legendary Beast Tamer!

“Minister Shi Yu…”

“What exactly happened here?”

The Sea Dragon King and the Azure Dragon King were also stunned.

“That cat…”

As for Brigadier General Ma Zheng on the Dong Huang Navy battleship, he instantly learned the identity of this gem cat through the warship’s reconnaissance system.

[Protector Overlord of Ancient Capital University]

No, it should be called [Ancient Capital University’s Guardian] or [Dong Huang’s Guardian] now.

Why was it here?

Soon, General Ma Zheng discovered the humans near the gem cat and saw the navy members he was worried about.

He even saw Xiao Qin and the others in disbelief.

General Xiao’s daughter and the Silver Sea Warship… Why were they also here?

Of course, most importantly, there was Shi Yu.

The warship’s detection system quickly detected Shi Yu’s identity.

Upon hearing the little white dragon and the others, how could General Ma Zheng not know that the little white dragon had called over the two totems to save Shi Yu?

[Student of Ancient Capital University, Minister of the Dong Huang Ocean Environmental Protection Department.]

This was the identity of Shi Yu in the navy’s information bank. This was the first time General Ma Zheng had heard of the Marine Environmental Protection Department, but when he heard the little white dragon and the Sea Dragon King address Shi Yu as minister, he was instantly confused.

He quickly sent the information here back to the Dong Huang Navy headquarters and the current situation here.

Although he didn’t know what had happened, he felt that everything that happened here would definitely shake the entire Dong Huang. There was no other reason than because Dong Huang had another guardian.

At that moment, the ones who were trembling the most were the two lava overlords from the Lava Kingdom who had come to investigate the situation. They were sandwiched between the four totems and regretted coming out.

“What’s going on today…”

Soon.

The waves rolled again. The Vortex Demon Beast wasn’t so easily defeated. A huge aura began to come from the deep sea again.

But in the next moment, the power of the three totems locked onto the Vortex Demon Beast.

The Vortex Demon Beast gradually woke up:???

…

Dong Huang Navy Headquarters.

A totem-level Vortex Demon Beast appeared in the Chaotic Sea. In addition, the Vortex Demon Beast was a ferocious totem from hundreds of years ago. It was indeed a very serious matter.

After General Ma Zheng sent the news, almost immediately, the Beast Tamers above the lieutenant general position in the headquarters gathered and discussed the situation in the Chaotic Sea.

Although General Ma Zheng had sent news that a navy spy was trapped on Hot Summer Island, totem-level creatures were involved. Even the Dong Huang Navy couldn’t immediately rescue them.

As the organizer of this meeting, the legendary general Xiao Hai had already held a few minutes of meeting with the navy generals and roughly understood the situation on Hot Summer Island.

“In other words, a large number of pirates have gathered on Hot Summer Island because of the rumors of the Pirate King Ruins. The totem clans, including our spies.”

“Then, something unknown happened on the island. The Vortex Demon Beast that mysteriously disappeared hundreds of years ago appeared again and sealed the entire island. Moreover, it attacked the island indiscriminately.”

“That’s about it.”

The navy conference room was already filled with confusion. Regarding this matter, everyone didn’t know how to deal with it for a moment.

It was hopeless. In the face of a totem-level attack, any life form on the island, even overlords, would probably find it difficult to survive.

“The latest information about Hot Summer Island!”

Just as many navy generals couldn’t make up their minds, an intelligence officer rushed in.

“Speak,” General Xiao Hai patted the table and said.

“The Vortex Demon Beast has been suppressed. Hot Summer Island will see the light of day again.”

“What? What’s going on? Could it be that the Lava Totem was awakened?” When the generals heard this news, they were immediately shocked.

General Xiao Hai was also instantly stunned. It wasn’t that easy to have a conflict between totems, right?

“No, the latest information from General Ma Zheng is that General Xiao Hai, your daughter Xiao Qin, Major Huang Qi, and Qin Mingzhi are also on Hot Summer Island.”

“What did you say?” General Xiao Hai, who was still very calm just now, was immediately shocked. “Why is she there? She’s fine?”

The expressions of the other navy generals also instantly turned serious. General Xiao Hai’s daughter had already encountered a major change because of a mission. Why was she in such a dangerous place now?

“It’s alright, General Xiao Qin and the others are alright. Although the Vortex Demon Beast attacked the life forms on the island indiscriminately and the life forms on the island suffered heavy casualties, our Dong Huang didn’t seem to have many casualties.”

“What’s going on?” General Xiao Hai said heavily.

“According to General Ma Zheng’s information, the Minister of Marine Environmental Protection, Shi Yu, and the guardian overlord of Ancient Capital University, the Gem Cat, are also on the island.”

Marine Environmental Protection Minister Shi Yu?

Among the generals present, including Xiao Hai, not many knew about Shi Yu’s situation. Even General Xiao Hai only knew that Shi Yu had become the minister of the Ocean Environmental Protection Department of Dragon Palace City, but he didn’t know why he was so valued by Dragon Palace City. Just the relationship of the Ice Dragon Totem wasn’t enough!

As for the other generals, they even more so didn’t know who Shi Yu was. To be precise, they couldn’t associate Shi Yu, a student from Ancient Capital University, with the Marine Environmental Protection Department, a department they had never heard of.

“I only know Shi Yu, who developed the Green Silkworm cocoon…”

“The Shi Yu ranked 81st in the Sequence Battle? It shouldn’t be the same person, right?”

“No, Shi Yu is a student of Ancient Capital University. In addition, the guardian overlord of Ancient Capital University is also here… It’s the same person?”

Many generals discussed.

At this moment, the intelligence officer continued,

“Although I don’t know what happened, the guardian overlord of Ancient Capital University, the Gem Cat, broke through to the totem level and repelled the Vortex Demon Beast. At the same time, in order to save Shi Yu, the two totems the Sea Dragon King and the Azure Dragon King descended on Hot Summer Island. In the end, under the joint efforts of the Gem Cat, the Sea Dragon King, and the Azure Dragon King… the Vortex Demon Beast was suppressed.”

“What!!!!”

The information on Hot Summer Island was still too explosive. When the group of generals heard that the guardian overlord of Ancient Capital University had broken through to the totem level, their eyes immediately widened. Then, they heard that two totem dragon kings had descended from Dragon Palace City in order to rescue Minister Shi Yu, whom the intelligence officer mentioned. They opened their mouths in disbelief.

Who exactly was this Minister Shi Yu of the Marine Environmental Protection Department?

They all looked at General Xiao Hai. At this moment, Xiao Hai fell into endless thought. Shi Yu… What exactly did he do there!