Chapter 368 - Great Harvest After Returning To Dong Huang (4)

“Then don’t run around anymore. Stay in Dong Huang obediently. Haven’t you already signed up to participate in the Sequence Tournament? Your ranking is pretty good. There are even legendary resources as a reward for the top few.” Principal Feng gave Shi Yu a thumbs up, not wanting him to run around anymore.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“What?! Legendary-level resource?!” Shi Yu was indeed affected when he heard that.

“After all, we’re going to compete with the totem country for the blessings of the World Tree. The country will definitely nurture the best of the contestants with all its resources. If we can obtain the blessings of the World Tree and give birth to a legendary Beast Tamer, even if we have to spend more than ten legendary resources, it’s worth it. For the world competition, the country can be said to have invested a lot.”

“Teacher Ying, don’t let Shi Yu run around anymore. Let him stay here obediently for a while.” Principal Feng smiled bitterly.

“I understand. Even if he wants to cause trouble, I won’t accompany him in the short term.” The gem cat smiled and said, “I’m going to enter seclusion to cultivate for a period of time.”

Shi Yu shrugged. It didn’t matter. As long as it didn’t forget the deal about its collection.

However, it still didn’t feel enough.

If he wanted Eleven and the others to achieve a perfect breakthrough in the future and become perfect overlords… It was still a little difficult. After all, the gem cat had saved up for a hundred years and only had enough money for one legendary resource.

And he currently had five pets…

It was probably difficult to rely on saving. He probably had to find other channels, such as the Sequence battle where he could freeload legendary resources.

“By the way, do you want to announce your battle results to the Sequence Competition Committee?” Principal Feng said to Shi Yu, “Actually, I suggest not. Or rather, even if it’s announced, it’s more troublesome overall. It’s better to use it as a trump card.”

“Huh?”

“Although the battle result of killing two overlords can allow you to enter the top five or even the top three of the Sequence, can you still replicate this battle result in the short term? Even if you can, can you easily use it in the Sequence battle?”

“Uh,” Shi Yu said. “It’s difficult…”

Firstly, there was no way to revive, and secondly, self-destruction was too fierce in a battle between his own people.

“At that time, when you reach the top five or top three, there will be countless challenges waiting for you. You might not be able to protect that position now. The Beast Tamers in that position all have true overlord-level battle power.”

“For example, although Gao Xuan can apply for a small forbidden weapon to use, such a weapon won’t be allowed to be used in the battle of the Sequences. Therefore, when he couldn’t create small forbidden weapons himself and use them as he pleased, this kind of battle result basically didn’t calculate the ranking of the battle of the Sequences. Therefore, his overall ranking is only 22. The situation of your ginseng baby’s battle result is actually very similar.”

“So my suggestion is not to announce it or announce it after you can control the corresponding strength ranking in the future.”

“The initial ranking of the Sequence Battle is out?” Shi Yu discovered the blind spot.

Principal Feng was stunned. “You still don’t know?”

Shi Yu: “…I really didn’t notice. Let me see.”

He quickly took out his cell phone and logged into the official website of the Sequence Battle. He checked the ranking and ignored the person in front. Soon, he found his position… 81st.

So low.

Shi Yu looked forward and indeed saw Gao Xuan on the 22nd and Xiao Qin on the 29th.

However, this ranking should have been calculated “long ago”. At that time, Chi Tong, Buggy, and Baby Ginseng had yet to break through to the monarch level. Now, Shi Yu estimated that he could easily get into the top 20.

It wasn’t impossible to get close to the top ten if he didn’t care about the consequences.

As for the top five, it indeed didn’t seem like it could be taken easily. The top four were actually legendary Beast Tamers with true overlord-level battle power!

Shi Yu immediately became serious. From the looks of it, it wasn’t that easy to obtain legendary-level resources from the Sequence battle.

After all, even if Baby Ginseng self-destructed, it couldn’t kill the Black Ape overlord in one go. Moreover, the Black Ape overlord was a wild overlord without a Beast Tamer.

“Then I’ll listen to you. We can fight our way up step by step,” Shi Yu said.

In fact, there was no need to deliberately fight. After the National League ended, they could strive to defeat Gao Xuan and almost get a high ranking.

“But Principal Feng, it’s not too much to distribute a legendary resource if it’s the first bureau, right?” Shi Yu suddenly said.

Principal Feng:!!!

“After all, even if there are ten legendary-level resources, they might not necessarily be able to nurture a totem.” Shi Yu looked at the gem cat and felt that it wasn’t too much for the members of the first bureau to be responsible for the battle power of the thirteen bureaus and distribute a legendary-level resource.

“I don’t think it’s too much either. It’s best if there are two. It’s not too much to obtain a legendary gem after becoming Dong Huang’s new guardian, right?” The gem cat also planned for its future. Breaking through to the totem level was to receive more wages!

The corners of Principal Feng’s mouth twitched. “It’s not a matter of whether it’s too much. It’s that the legendary resources in the country are all strategic resources. Every one of them has strict and necessary uses before they can be mobilized.”

“For example, fighting for the blessings of the World Tree.”

Shi Yu said, “Isn’t befriending the Blue Sea Sprite strategic enough?”

Principal Feng realized that he couldn’t argue with Shi Yu. He said, “Forget it, forget it. It’s not mine anyway. I’ll help you apply.”

It had to be said that with the things Shi Yu had created, the Iron-eating Beast Evolution Chain and the Green Silkworm cocoon Evolution Chain, creating a totem cat and befriending the Blue Sea Sprite, even Principal Feng felt that it didn’t seem too much to distribute a legendary-level resource to Shi Yu.

However, he would probably have to wait for approval for this kind of thing for a while. Recently, legendary-level resources were used everywhere and were very lacking.

“I don’t know about the situation of legendary resources, but there’s a level-eight resource. I reckon I can definitely help you apply for it.” Suddenly, Principal Feng thought of something.

“What?” Shi Yu was stunned.

“Burning Gold.” Principal Feng smiled.

Burning Gold…

Shi Yu was stunned and couldn’t react for a moment. But soon, his expression gradually became rich.

“Burning Gold?”

“Burning Gold!”

Damn, he remembered. This was what Zhong Xuan had told him back then. The Iron-eating Beast needed one of the nine corresponding metals to carve the nine inscriptions!!

After coming out of the ruins of Emperor Wu, he had reported all nine metals, hoping to find them with the help of the association. This was because these metals were basically extremely rare types. They might not necessarily still exist in the modern era, and he could only rely on the power of the country.

After so long, he finally found a piece?

“Actually, Burning Gold was found a while ago in an ancient ruin, but compared to using it, it was the first to be studied. After all, this is the first time the association has discovered this metal. I don’t think they can figure out anything. Why don’t you come over and let your Iron-eating Beast use it?”

Shi Yu said, “Sure, sure, I like this!!”

Although it was called Burning Gold, according to Zhong Xuan, this was not a metal that could allow the Iron-eating Beast to awaken “metal and fire” super racial skills.

Burning Gold corresponded to the spiritual element.

Shi Yu instantly looked forward to it since it could allow the Iron-eating Beast to awaken new “metal and spirit” dual-element super racial skills. Unlike teaching skills, the more super racial skills there were, the better. After all, it could lead to growth.