Chapter 364 - Great Harvest After Returning To Dong Huang

Chaotic Sea Region, Hot Summer Island.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The Vortex Demon Beast was suppressed by the totem cat, the Sea Dragon King, and the Azure Dragon King.

If it was a totem at its peak, it might be a little difficult to deal with.

However, a weak totem that had been hungry for hundreds of years could not resist the combination of the three totems at all.

However, under the Sea Dragon King’s suggestion, the weak Vortex Demon Beast wasn’t directly killed.

Although the gem cat wanted to try the totem-level iron-plate squid whisker, it was immediately stopped by the Sea Dragon King.

They couldn’t kill it…

Totem-level creatures were full of treasures. Living totems were like raised hens that could produce treasures at any time. Their value was greater than dead totems.

Dragon Palace City had a deep sea prison that specialized in sealing, suppressing, and locking totems. The previous Poison Dragon Totem was locked there. If he handed the Vortex Demon Beast to Dragon Palace City to deal with, its value could be maximized.

After it died, it wouldn’t be fresh anymore. It was better to cut it when it was alive. It could still be reborn.

Hearing that the Sea Dragon King made sense, the gem cat agreed.

It decided to go to Dragon Palace City to eat and drink later. Now that it was at the totem level, it wasn’t troublesome to go to Dragon Palace City alone.

Pretty good.

Seeing this, Shi Yu couldn’t help but sigh. It was really dark. It was almost catching up to him, who wanted to use Yun An as a renewable resource.

To be able to nurture such a Sea Dragon King, it looked like Lin Feng Legend wasn’t a kind person either…

…

In the Chaotic Sea, after the mutation of Hot Summer Island, under the attack of the Vortex Demon Beast, apart from Shi Yu and the others, only two people survived.

One was a quasi-legendary big pirate. Because the level of the Beast Taming Space was high enough, he had the ability to etherealize and relied on the spatial etherealization to last until the end.

The other little pirate had a special Beast Taming Talent that could allow him and his pets to disguise as rocks, dust, and wood to temporarily erase traces of life. Therefore, he dodged the attack of the irrational Vortex Demon Beast.

The others might also have some escape methods, but they weren’t that lucky in the face of the sharp attack of the Vortex Demon Beast. In the end, they all became nutrients for the Vortex Demon Beast.

Unfortunately, although these two lucky people escaped the attack of the Vortex Demon Beast, they still couldn’t escape the punishment of the gem cat in the end.

Unlike the Vortex Demon Beast that relied on instinct to hunt previously, after the gem cat’s psychic domain enveloped the entire Hot Summer Island, it immediately discovered the two of them.

In the end, when the gem cat teleported Shi Yu and the others to a safe area in the distance, it also knocked the two of them out and teleported them over.

“Place your bets!”

On the warship, General Ma Zheng commanded the sea soldiers to lock up the two surviving pirates and prepare to ask them questions later. Beside him, on the Silver Sea battleship, Shi Yu and the others were leaning against it weakly to rest.

The Sea Dragon King and the Azure Dragon King didn’t stay for long. They directly escorted the Vortex Demon Beast back to Dragon Palace City. After all, this was the territory of other totems, and it wasn’t appropriate to stay for long. Similarly, two lava overlords slipped away. They had already slipped away during the battle of the four totems, afraid that they would provoke trouble if they stayed for too long.

Soon, the chaotic sea area of Hot Summer Island returned to calm.

During this period, Shi Yu and the others naturally chatted as they walked.

“Yo, little white dragon, you broke through too.”

Leaning on the deck, Shi Yu and his pets smiled at the Third Prince who stayed behind.

“Yeah, hehehehe. Senior Shi Yu, I helped you call for help immediately this time. It’s not too much to become a core member of the Environmental Protection Department, right?”

“Not too much. I’ll give you two Time Fruits!” Shi Yu was rarely generous.

“Tell me, what natural treasures did you use?” Shi Yu smiled.

< Name > White Azure Dragon

[Level of Growth]: Monarch Level

Energy Points: 5,610,000

There was something wrong with this energy value. Previously, the little white dragon only had 160,000 energy points, lower than even commander-level Buggy.

In the end, it was broken. The normal energy level was stronger than Eleven and the others?

Only the ginseng race, which was known for its energy value, could suppress the little white dragon?

It definitely used some high-level resources!

“I used hundreds of millions of strengthening resources before and after the breakthrough. It’s nothing, nothing,” the little white dragon said in embarrassment.

“What level?”

“They’re all only level-eight.”

Damn it!

Shi Yu sighed. Dragon Palace City was still rich.

Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, Chi Tong, and the others also revealed envious expressions.

Not to mention level-eight strengthening resources, even if it was level-seven strengthening resources, Shi Yu did not prepare them when they broke through. They were all free natural energy.

Of course, it wasn’t a big problem.

Wasn’t money tight previously? After taking over the gem cat’s collection, he would have money.

Shi Yu planned to cooperate with Eleven and the others when they broke through to the overlord level.

There were a total of three ways for a monarch-level pet to break through to the overlord level.

1. Overlord will, and using it to break through the limit.

2. Legendary-level resource strengthening. Unlike the 10% chance of letting an overlord advance to the totem level, almost 100% of legendary-level resources could allow a monarch to advance to the overlord level. It was still very safe.

3. Super racial skill reaching perfect proficiency.

The strength of the breakthrough was basically the overlord’s will, which was equivalent to the strengthening of legendary resources smaller than the proficiency of super skills.

Of course, this was only one of three.

The strongest state would definitely still be when the proficiency of the super skill reached the standard and had the overlord’s will. At the same time, it would use legendary strengthening resources to strengthen it.

Therefore, if possible, Shi Yu naturally hoped that he could have all three components when breaking through.

As for commander rank to monarch rank, three components was just too much for that small breakthrough. It wasn’t that particular.