Chapter 362 - The Gem Cat Stepping Into The Totem Realm (4)

“Totem.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Its words instantly attracted the attention of the little white dragon and Brigadier General Ma Zheng.

The little white dragon was delighted. “Father is here?”

But clearly, it wasn’t.

This totem power didn’t belong to the dragon race.

As the gem cat clone finished speaking, with a boom, a huge spatial crack appeared in the sky above Hot Summer Island.

Suddenly, the clouds were disturbed and dark clouds gathered.

The spatial crack slowly opened like a huge eye.

It was indeed a huge eye that was filled with the power of strong totems.

Seeing this scene, the people who could see Hot Summer Island suddenly swallowed their saliva. They didn’t know what had happened again. The two lava beasts felt a headache, not understanding why another mysterious totem had come.

“General Whale, move aside.” After the huge eye opened, it revealed the nine-colored gem eye on it. A familiar female voice was transmitted, shocking the Sky Penetrating Whale, the White Azure Dragon, and the other lives in the outside world.

The power of the totem this time was much stronger than the weak Vortex Demon Beast. For a moment, the deterrence swept through the endless sea area, causing countless sea beasts to stop moving.

In the deepest volcano magma of the Lava Island, the lava totem that even the Vortex Demon Beast’s commotion couldn’t wake up suddenly opened its eyes. Its hundred-meter-tall body swayed.

In the deep sea, the Sea Dragon King and the Azure Dragon King, who were roaring as they rushed to Hot Summer Island, sensed the new totem power from the Hot Summer Island area.

This aura was very strange. It contained many powers, but it seemed to have condensed into one. For a moment, no one could determine which totem had descended.

Boom!!

After a huge eye appeared in the sky, the entire Chaotic Sea Region trembled. The violent lightning, wind, and waves almost instantly calmed down.

…

Inside Hot Summer Island.

Boom!!!

As Shi Yu and the others protected it for a long time, before anyone could react, a shocking aura suddenly erupted from the gem cat. This aura that shot into the sky instantly stunned Shi Yu and the others.

The gem cat floating in the sky opened its nine-colored gem eye and emitted an incomparable totem power!

Seeing this, Shi Yu was instantly overjoyed.

A one in ten chance of breaking through.

The gem cat only tried twice before succeeding.

Apart from not being willing to work hard, it was really damn lazy after all.

“Did it succeed?”

“Totem level?”

Xiao Qin and the others had looks of disbelief and joy.

[Energy Points]: ???

In an instant, the gem cat’s energy level broke through to the point where Shi Yu’s index couldn’t be detected.

At the same time, the breakthrough gem cat was like a god descending to the mortal world. It floated in the air and looked at the spatial fog and the tentacles that filled the sky. At this moment, the chaotic Pirate King Ruins space was no longer an obstacle to it.

It instantly knew the situation inside and outside the island.

“Leave the rest to me.”

On this day, the gem cat stepped into the totem realm!

The space behind the gem cat, whose aura was rising steadily, blurred, and gradually divided into eight clones.

Including its main body, there were a total of nine bodies floating in the sky.

Right on the heels of that, light of different colors began to linger on the nine gem cats. Then, their eyes began to transform into different colors.

White, blue, red, black, purple, green, gold, pink… All kinds of different lights bloomed.

A powerful aura instantly erupted from the nine gem cats.

Boom!!

When the light completely dissipated, with the Nine Gem Cats at the center, the nine gem cats that emitted totem-level power turned into various light balls. The nine light balls directly formed a galaxy that rotated around each other.

At the same time, the huge eye in the sky also emitted endless light.

Super multi-element combination skill, Illusion Star Annihilation!

The inside and outside resonated with each other. A powerful move instantly passed through space and appeared in the ocean, smashing heavily onto the body of the Vortex Demon Beast!!

“Meow…”

The light that pierced through space was infinitely enlarged in the eyes of countless people. It was almost as if it could destroy everything. With the aftermath, it shattered the entire broken Pirate King Space. Countless mist disappeared under the shattering of the mirror.

“Roar!!!”

Boom!!

The Illusory Star Destruction shattered space, sank the Vortex Demon Beast, and smashed into the deep sea. It directly penetrated an eternal hole in the ocean, making countless currents circle around!

At this moment, Hot Summer Island appeared in the outside world again as if it had seen the sun. The many lives in the distance and the Sky Penetrating Whale that had been forced back by the aftermath of the power instantly saw the situation on the island clearly.

Hot Summer Island was already broken.

A gem cat floated in the sky and looked at the sinking island in dissatisfaction. It was bargaining with the young man who had a mini panda, butterfly, ginseng baby, sword spirit, and slime.

“It’s all thanks to me this time. I only want 10% of your collection. It’s not too much, right? That pile isn’t even worth a legendary gem.” Shi Yu argued reasonably.

“How is it not too much!!…” The totem cat in the sky roared. It didn’t expect to be butchered just after breaking through.

However, forget it. It was happy today. It would give the collections to Shi Yu. It just needed Shi Yu to take care of its meals.

At the same time, the Sky Penetrating Whale in the sky looked at the gem cat clone in the distance in silence, then at the gem cat’s main body that had repelled the Vortex Demon Beast with a single attack. It was extremely silent.

This was the gem cat that was always being noisy and causing a fuss?

What the f*ck… The Sky Penetrating Whale looked at the totem-level cat in the sky with a shocked expression. Its values were completely shattered. It didn’t understand why this hooligan who went to Dragon Palace City to eat and drink every time could break through to the totem level.