Chapter 373 - Team Rankings (1)

After a moment of silence, Eleven, Buggy, and Baby Ginseng looked at Chi Tong. This profundity was indeed strong.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

After a moment of silence, Shi Yu said, “The first winner, Chi Tong!”

“Mi ~!!” In the sky, Chi Tong cried out in joy.

Great!

“Ning…” Susu was dizzy. It didn’t understand why it couldn’t defeat Chi Tong even though its attributes clearly countered Chi Tong. This didn’t make sense.

“Not bad on both sides. Continue to work hard next time.” Shi Yu smiled and shook his head. Susu’s battle experience was clearly insufficient.

Because it had been adding points recently, it didn’t have much time to train and develop powerful combination profundities on its own. Therefore, in terms of battle power, it was still a little inferior to Chi Tong and the others, who had specially trained with Eleven and the others and had their own customized profundities.

Chi Tong’s Myriad Sword Convergence and the advantage of the strongest speed in the team were indeed unsolvable, but if Susu combined all the skills that had just been upgraded into the corresponding profundity, it might not be impossible to fight.

In short, the future was promising. Susu’s next direction of improvement should be to develop stronger combination profundities that were more compatible with itself, just like Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, and Chi Tong.

Soon, Susu was dragged down to eat fruits and rest. It looked at Chi Tong in the arena with tears in its eyes.

Shi Yu chuckled and said, “Then continue. The order of the ten battles has already been drawn. Chi Tong, come over and rest too. The next match will still be you.”

“Mi??? (You still say there’s no inside story?)”

“Don’t worry, the system really made it random.”

…

The second team civil war.

Chi Tong, who had recovered, fought Buggy!

Buggy didn’t dare to be sloppy, but it wasn’t afraid either. If there was anyone other than Shi Yu who knew every pet in the team the best, it would be Buggy.

When it trained Eleven and the others’ will, Buggy stole their phantom templates through dream stealing.

Although the phantom template was not as powerful as the main body, it could also allow Buggy to have a deep understanding of each teammate.

At the start of the battle, Chi Tong still used the same trick again, using a fast attack strategy and slashing with the Light Flame Sword.

“Mimi! (Phantom Sword Dance!)”

However, just because Susu couldn’t react didn’t mean that Buggy couldn’t.

The same super vision was currently being used by spiritual-type Buggy. The effect was definitely better than water-type Susu.

Buzz!

Buggy left the attack range of the other party’s skill through Instant Transmission.

“Roar!!!”

After dodging the attack, Buggy immediately entered the Dragon of Imagination state and obtained the various qualities of the dragon race. Its overall attributes immediately exceeded Chi Tong and transformed into a divine dragon body that wrapped around the butterfly’s body. It used its strongest profundity, Dragon Painting, to collide with Chi Tong.

Under the powerful attributes and acceleration of Psychic power, at this moment, Buggy’s profundity speed exceeded the Light Flame Sword, and its strength far exceeded Chi Tong.

As a blue light flashed in front of him, Chi Tong was forced into a helpless state. It could only continue to enter the Myriad Swords Convergence state, planning to use its stronger attributes to fight Buggy head-on.

Boom!

Chi Tong’s ten thousand swords overlapped again.

At this moment, Chi Tong’s strength and speed exceeded Buggy again as its profundities erupted. Of course, Chi Tong’s side effect was even greater.

The two erupted in succession, making Susu, who was watching the battle, widen its eyes. So strong, so strong…

Eleven and Baby Ginseng watched in silence, constantly gathering information and analyzing information…

As expected, Buggy, who had the finishing touch profundity, and Chi Tong, who was in the Myriad Sword Convergence, collided directly. A violent wave spread. Among them, Chi Tong had the advantage and pierced through the divine dragon!

However, at this moment, Buggy itself wasn’t injured at all, and the consumption wasn’t high either. This was because in the body of the divine dragon phantom, it directly activated the Concealment state and could ignore all non-spatial damage. As for Chi Tong, it didn’t have any way to crack the Concealment skill at all.

Therefore, it was basically equivalent to Buggy paying the greatest price with the smallest price.

“Mi!!!” As it suffered the backlash of the Myriad Sword Convergence and the direct damage of the finishing touch, Chi Tong looked at the worm that had entered concealment and shouted that it was cheating and cheating. Then, it quickly removed the possession.

“Wu ~” Buggy didn’t care so much. It continued to use the same trick and entered the Dragon of Imagination state to materialize the finishing touch. This time, Chi Tong had learned its lesson. It didn’t erupt with power stronger than Buggy. It just wanted to maintain a stalemate. It planned to rely on strong endurance to defeat Buggy.

Buggy: ✧(≖◡ ≖✿)

Unfortunately, Buggy didn’t plan to fight head-on this time. Just as the two parties were about to collide, Buggy disappeared from this space with its skill, causing Chi Tong to miss. Obviously, Buggy teleported with its skill. Then, it instantly appeared from behind Chi Tong so that it wouldn’t exchange injuries with the other party. It smashed Chi Tong from the sky to the ground with a claw.

“Mi!!”

In terms of strategy, Buggy suppressed Chi Tong the whole time. Soon, the battle between the two was won by the tired Buggy without any suspense. Not only was its body tired, but its brain was also quite tired from constantly scheming against Chi Tong.

Everything was still within Shi Yu’s expectations for this battle.

This time, it was Chi Tong, who had been dragged back for emergency treatment, who looked at Buggy with tears in its eyes and anger.

“Ning.” Seeing that Sister Chi Tong, who had easily defeated her, was defeated, Susu was a little sad. It wasn’t that she felt pity for Chi Tong. Judging by comparisons, didn’t it mean that it was especially weak?