Chapter 371 - Monarch Level Achieved (2)

The pets’ expressions didn’t change.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“In addition, I reckon that you’ve been doing baby training for long enough during this period. Your bodies might have rusted, so before you participate in the National League, you should have a team ranking competition with each other first. Not in the form of a baby, but in the peak state of a monarch,” Shi Yu said with a smile as he touched his chin.

As soon as he finished speaking, the pets were immediately shocked. Why did Shi Yu still remember this?

“Wuu.” “Wuu!” “Ya.” “Mi.” “Ning.” In an instant, the five pets looked at each other.

They became afraid of each other.

Although they didn’t know everything, how could they not know the abnormal strength of their teammates?

This internal battle was probably even more bumpy than the next National League.

“Now that you’re all at the monarch level, apart from the super skills, the skills have basically been maxed out. It’s considered very fair. I won’t participate in the battle either. The rules this time don’t allow external equipment. You guys can do it yourself. Oh right, when the legendary resources of the first bureau are applied, the first place this time can obtain a legendary resource to use when breaking through to the overlord level.” Shi Yu smiled.

“At that time, I’ll prioritize choosing legendary resources that match the first place.”

“The legendary resource that allowed the gem cat to break through.”

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!

As soon as he finished speaking, Eleven, Buggy, and Baby Ginseng immediately separated and looked at each other hostilely.

Chi Tong and Susu were a little speechless.

“Mi!”

“Ning!”

Chi Tong and Susu stuck to each other. Good sisters, unmoved by benefits!

Compared to the other three who were very concerned about the ranking, the two of them seemed to be relatively “different”. However, even if they were more Buddhist, when they heard about legendary resources, their hearts were secretly moved…

They could give it a try!

Eleven, Buggy, and Baby Ginseng were naturally competitive. Chi Tong and Susu looked relatively calm, but it was only on the surface.

One was the power reincarnation of a titled general who had resisted fate, while the other was a little guy with the will of an overlord. How could they admit defeat so easily?

Seeing that they were all so proactive, Shi Yu was also curious. What exactly was the team ranking like…

In terms of energy value alone, Baby Ginseng was the highest, but this was purely a matter of attribute allocation. Although its energy value was high, it was also the weakest among the five pets, even weaker than a normal worm. After all, it was a supplement race, specially made for humans to eat…

An ordinary monarch with 1 million energy points as an enemy, for example. Eleven’s body could withstand it just physically without being injured at all. Its physique was comparable to a dragon, but if it was a ginseng baby, no matter how weak the enemy skill was, its body would probably immediately shatter without using defensive skills.

After all, even Shi Yu could bite it.

If nothing went wrong, in the team battle, most of Baby Ginseng’s energy points would probably be used to repair its broken body and defend. Otherwise, the battle couldn’t continue at all. It would crack with a touch.

Of course, Baby Ginseng also had a trump card, the Time Fruit, but Eleven and the others knew the effect of the Time Fruit. They knew that this fruit had a time limit. The more it increased, the shorter the duration, and the stronger the side effects. Therefore, whether Baby Ginseng could defeat its opponent with the Time Fruit depended on the tactical arrangements.

If Baby Ginseng used the Time Fruit, Buggy would immediately teleport thousands of meters away and hide. Baby Ginseng would also be stunned. It would probably collapse from exhaustion before it could attack Buggy.

Among Shi Yu’s pets… Little Eleven’s electromagnetic levitation, Buggy’s Instant Transmission, and Chi Tong’s Light Flame Sword were all ridiculously fast. It was probably very difficult to deal with Baby Ginseng. After all, it was also at the bottom of the team in terms of speed.

In this situation, Shi Yu felt that it would be very interesting for the pets to decide the winner with their battle experience and battle awareness.

“You guys go back and prepare yourselves today. We’ll go to the snow mountain tomorrow and fight there.”

“Wuu!” “Wu!” “Yi!” “Mi!” “Ning!”

…

The next day.

Ice Fire Snow Mountain.

Shi Yu’s ruins space couldn’t withstand their torment now, so he could only choose this place.

According to Shi Yu’s understanding, his current ruin ring was still left behind by a level-seven legendary Beast Tamer in the Beast Taming Space.

If it was the ruins space of a titled legendary Beast Tamer, it might be more useful.

If it was a mythical Beast Tamer ruins space, that would be even better…

Of course, this was purely wishful thinking…

Somewhere in the snow mountain.

On the endless icy plain, Shi Yu and the others found a quiet place and stopped.

The cold wind blew, but the six guys were all energetic.

“The competition is a points system. You have to take turns fighting. At the moment, there are sufficient supplements, medicine, and resources in the ruins space. Don’t worry and fight.”

“We’ve fought in Dragon Palace City for three days and three nights. We can definitely do it this time.”

All the pets: !!!

Was that the same difficulty level?

Compared to the team internal competition, the national competition and the Dragon Palace City dungeon were all baby cups!

“Let me see the results of the draw…” Shi Yu held his cell phone and fell into deep thought. He used the small program he had downloaded in advance to input the names of the five pets and made the system randomize…

A moment later…

The system rolled to the name “Chi Tong”.

“Chi Tong.” Shi Yu flipped over his cell phone and showed them. Then, he said, “You’re the first to go on stage.”

“Mi!!” Chi Tong immediately became nervous. It was the first.

Who would the opponent be?

It had already researched targeting tactics against Eleven, Buggy, and Baby Ginseng!

He wondered if it would work!

Eleven, Buggy, Baby Ginseng, and the others also looked at Chi Tong cautiously. Although Chi Tong looked like it was aloof from worldly affairs, apart from Eleven, the other pets in the team didn’t have any way to defend against soul attacks. They were very afraid of the Soul Slash skill. Apart from that, Chi Tong’s Myriad Sword Convergence profundity… They were lucky to be able to even see its movement. This was the strongest possession profundity that relied on the clone skill to remove the external object!

This battle was not easy!

The pets took a deep breath.

Soon, Shi Yu’s little program rolled to the second name. When he saw this name, Shi Yu was stunned. Then, he flipped it over and let them take a look.

“Chi Tong’s opponent, Susu, you guys… carry out the first battle!”

Chi Tong: Mimi???

Chi Tong was also stunned. Susu?

It looked at the confused Water Slime.

At this moment, after Susu was at a loss, it quickly reacted and looked at its good sister firmly.

Great, it was water-element and countered fire-element. This wave was stable.

During this period, it had asked Baby Ginseng for guidance and had already memorized the attribute restraint table proficiently.

Sister Chi Tong… It apologized in its heart, but decided to take this fight.

“Ning!!”

As Susu bounced out, Chi Tong, who immediately sensed Susu’s aura, fell silent.

The backstabbing of sisters often happened in a moment.

This was a battle between best friends.