Chapter 370 - Monarch Level Achieved (1)

Among them, all skills below super level were maxed out by Shi Yu.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Although there were no additional points for super skills, because he had added many low-level water-element skills to Water Element Control, under the lead of low-level skills, the proficiency of this super skill had also reached expert level.

As for the proficiency of Infinite Devour, it was increased by devouring the three gemstones and the nutritional supplements created by the ginseng babies in Dragon Palace City.

At that moment, Shi Yu’s team could be said to be very powerful.

Baby Ginseng, now Normal State 7.01 million energy points. Susu, Normal State 4.29 million energy points. Eleven, Normal State 4.11 million energy points. Chi Tong, Normal State 3.94 million energy points. Buggy, Normal State 3.81 million energy points.

All at the monarch level!

Moreover, every pet was very powerful. Just the energy value of the Normal State was enough to kill ordinary monarchs…

Apart from that, they also had a bunch of explosive skills…

For example, Baby Ginseng’s Time Fruit.

For example, Susu could summon the water elements of the natural world through max-level rain prayer and store them in the Infinite Devouring Space to achieve a storage effect similar to Eleven’s Inner Power. With the control of the water elements, it had a huge reserve of energy.

This usage was even more ferocious on the Tyrannical Sea Legend’s side. He even raised tens of thousands of water-elemental lives in the Giant Leviathan’s body as a backup energy source… As expected of a Titled Legend that could fight totems.

Also, for example, Eleven’s Inner Power and army skills.

Or even the new profundity developed by Chi Tong, the Infinite Converging Sword. Through the perfect combination of clone and possession, it would possess itself and stack the power of countless clones on itself, erupting with super battle power.

For example, Buggy’s Dragon of Imagination, Baby Ginseng, Eleven, Susu, Chi Tong, Ice Dragon, and the gem cat phantom fighter.

They could all obtain battle power that exceeded their current state.

In this situation, Shi Yu looked at his 101st ranking in the Sequence Battle and was speechless.

After half a month, he directly fell 20 places.

It fell out of the top 100.

It wasn’t that Shi Yu had lost to anyone during this period.

Although a bunch of challengers had appeared behind the scenes of his Sequence Battle website and hundreds of challengers wanted to pinch him, a soft persimmon with unknown battle results… He felt that it was too troublesome and didn’t take any of their challenges.

Although there were resource rewards for winning, he didn’t fancy the ranking rewards that were too low. He planned to charge to the front in one go after working overtime.

Therefore, in half a month, as the contestants who were ranked behind him and the new contestants worked hard to advance their rankings… Shi Yu, who had never had a battle record, did not have enough basic points. His ranking quickly fell.

“If you don’t advance, you’ll fall behind.” Shi Yu muttered and stretched.

It wasn’t a big problem. The National League was in a few days. At that time, after crushing Gao Xuan, who was currently in 24th place, he could replace Gao Xuan.

During this period, Gao Xuan also lost two places. He should be working hard to prepare for the National League like him, so he ignored the Sequence Tournament.

Although he didn’t know what kind of special training Gao Xuan had done during this period, he had made sufficient preparations to fight Gao Xuan.

All at the monarch level!

If he took out any pet alone, it might not be inferior to Gao Xuan’s Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast.

Moreover, among these pets, there could also be a combination of two, three, and four. In this situation, unless Gao Xuan really used a small forbidden weapon, Shi Yu believed that his chances of winning were relatively high, even if the other party contracted a few more pets at the last minute.

He was determined to get the level-eight mechanical material, the Hundred Transformations Stone.

During this period, apart from being at the monarch level, Shi Yu’s own physique naturally reached the current upper limit through continuous points.

As for his Beast Taming Space level, although it didn’t take much time to increase, because his pets broke through to the monarch level one after another, the feedback from his pets didn’t make the increase in his Beast Taming Space fall behind.

The feedback from these pets saved Shi Yu at least five years of cultivation.

However, although he had obtained many benefits, Shi Yu’s Beast Taming Space level was still a little far from level six.

Therefore, Shi Yu planned to quickly increase the level of his Beast Taming Space.

The World Tournament was imminent, but his Beast Taming Space was only level five. Even if he could add some super skills now, at that time, the level of the Beast Taming Space would become a burden to his pets again, preventing them from advancing to overlord.

Only at level seven could one contract an overlord-level pet.

At the moment, Shi Yu’s Beast Taming Space was only level five. It was still a distance away from level six. This gave Shi Yu a headache.

“Everyone, gather ~”

Looking at the time, Shi Yu summoned the five little pets training in the ruins space and planned to do the final training.

Soon, in front of Shi Yu, an angry panda covered in lightning, a butterfly flying out as it slept, a ginseng baby in a scholar hat, a red bird flying on a sword, and a limp water slime appeared.

Of course, in the ruins space, in a certain dragon ring, the mechanical Tyrant Dragon that had been raised was also jumping around, wanting to come out, but this was impossible.

“The National League is in a few days. It’s time to test the results.”

Gulp.

As Shi Yu lectured, the expressions of the pets gradually became fierce.

Charge, charge, charge!

“My requirements aren’t high either. At that time, apart from Gao Xuan, as long as you can each eliminate a contestant and all his pets alone, it’s good. It’d be a little bullying for us to attack together.”