Chapter 372 - Team Rankings

Ice Fire Snow Mountain.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The red bird spirit stepping on the spiritual sword and flying on the sword looked at the Water Slime on the icy plain in silence.

At the side, Eleven, Buggy, and Baby Ginseng were holding melon seeds and eating them. They looked at Shi Yu.

They suspected that there was an inside story.

“I like to see women fight… No.”

Shi Yu stood in the distance and looked at the battlefield fairly and impartially.

“There’s no inside story. It’s all random.”

“Friendship first, competition second, remember guys. First team competition, first battle, Chi Tong vs Susu. Are you all ready?”

“Ning!”

“Mi!”

The two pets immediately nodded, indicating that they were ready.

Friendship was second, competition was first! They understood!

In the blink of an eye, the battle began.

Boom.

A deafening sound immediately spread throughout the icy plain.

With a huge commotion, dark clouds instantly appeared in the sky.

The heavy rain fell, and the sky was pitch-black. Amidst the rolling rain clouds, one could vaguely see the phantom of the Dragon King that could summon wind and rain.

The combination profundity of Water Dragon Ball and Praying Rain, Dragon Rain!

At this moment, the heavy rain was pouring. Every drop of water seemed to have been compressed into a water dragon. The strength of every drop of water was very hard, and the speed of every drop of water falling was extremely fast.

These water droplets were like bullets fired at high speed, falling indiscriminately towards the icy plain like a meteor shower.

Buggy: ╰(*°▽°*)╯ It’s Dragon King Spray!

Eleven, Baby Ginseng, and the other pets pointed.

They didn’t expect that Susu, who had just finished adding points, had already started researching profundities.

This move seemed to be very fierce and had a large attack range, but it actually didn’t consume much energy.

It was mainly because it had borrowed the power of nature through rain prayer.

At the same time, as the surrounding water elements condensed, Susu could also use them again through the control of the water elements and Infinite Devour…

Chi Tong: Σ(°△°|||)_!!

Seeing Susu attack without warning, Chi Tong was immediately shocked.

However, it wasn’t an easy target.

This profundity that didn’t look very powerful was not worth mentioning. It could be broken easily.

Apart from Buggy’s Instant Transmission, Chi Tong was first in speed in Shi Yu’s team.

Even in terms of Instant Transmission, that worm was only faster in the short term. In terms of endurance, Chi Tong was still better.

High-level skill, Light Flame Sword!

Swoosh!

In an instant, Chi Tong used the Sun Flame skill that had been raised to the proficient level under the lead of the energy storage beam as energy to activate the max-level Light Flame Sword. It turned into an invisible sword light and attacked Susu’s main body.

This sword light was extremely fast. Even with Susu’s super vision, it was difficult to capture. Before the rain fell, Chi Tong was only a step away from Susu. The attack arrived instantly!

Splash!

Susu was shocked and couldn’t react at all. Fortunately, the automatic defense “Protection Water” skill saved it once, turning into a water screen to block the Light Flame Sword. But even so, violent energy fluctuations still erupted between the two parties, producing a huge explosion that sent Chi Tong and Susu flying together.

However, this kind of non-frontal aftershock damage could be ignored for Chi Tong, who had the “Flame of Regeneration”, and Susu, who had the “Water Regeneration”.

At the same time, countless raindrops completely descended. At this moment, Sun Flame lingered around Chi Tong’s body. Before the raindrops even touched Chi Tong, they all evaporated due to the high temperature. However, this didn’t make the rain ineffective. As the water droplets turned into high temperature, the water droplets immediately changed nature, turning into high temperature steam and then producing a “steam explosion”!

Boom!

In an instant, continuous explosions triggered beside Chi Tong. Seeing this, Susu revealed a happy expression, but in the next moment, its expression immediately changed.

“Mi! (So annoying!)”

Chi Tong temporarily ignored the damage and endured it to recover. At the same time, it separated countless sword spirits that filled the sun and circled in the sky.

Then, countless clones began to overlap through the possession skill.

The final profundity of possession and clone, Myriad Sword Convergence!

Boom!

After the ten thousand swords became one, a terrifying aura erupted from Chi Tong’s main body. The attributes of countless clones superimposed on him through the possession skill, immediately making Chi Tong’s strength reach an extremely terrifying level.

It swung its sword at the sky, and an incomparably fierce sword pressure was born from its body. Its aura spread in all directions, and countless sharp swords flew like a storm, filling the sky. The sword aura was like a net, incomparably fierce, and it was a spectacular sight. In an instant, the water droplets that filled the sky disappeared. A huge hole was broken through the dark clouds, and the Dragon King’s body swimming inside was divided into two.

At this moment, Chi Tong’s energy level was close to ten million.

Although they were all profundities, Chi Tong’s Myriad Sword Convergence was more powerful than Susu’s Dragon Rain!

The so-called combination profundity didn’t just depend on skill proficiency and skill level. It also depended on the effect of the skill combination!

Myriad Sword Convergence was clearly a super explosive skill.

Of course, Chi Tong couldn’t last long in this state. Taking advantage of the increasing burden, it directly activated the Light Flame Sword again and turned into a beam of sword light.

This time, the speed of the sword light was not only completely unable to be captured by Susu’s transcendent super vision, but it also didn’t even have time to automatically defend against the protective water.

The sword pierced Susu’s body. With a boom, Susu was shattered.

“Ning…” After the steam dissipated, circles appeared in Susu’s eyes. Its body was shattered like a fist and it fell asleep. At this moment, countless sword lights floated above Susu’s head, indicating that it could attack at any time. In the team competition, everyone knew everything. It was impossible to give it time to recover.