Chapter 379 - Eleven'S New Skill (2)

This time, from the icy plain to the ancient capital, Shi Yu did not choose to take a plane. Instead, like before, he directly passed through the wild area.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Lin Xiuzhu was also going to the ancient capital with him this time. In Lin Xiuzhu’s words, he couldn’t miss the opportunity to promote the Iron-eating Beast and Green Silkworm package to the contestants who lost the National League.

After this competition ended, the Iron-eating Beast and the Green Silkworm would definitely welcome another wave of enthusiasm.

After personally witnessing Eleven’s evolution and knowing that Eleven had millions of energy points, Lin Xiuzhu was quite confident in Shi Yu’s strength.

Moreover, during Eleven’s cultivation process, she had also participated in the childhood breeding stage and the awakening of the royal bloodline stage. She had even greater expectations for where Eleven could go in the National League this time.

Soon after.

The two of them directly passed through the wild area and arrived at the mountain range cleared by Ancient Capital University for students to train in. They entered Ancient Capital University from here.

“Damn.”

“F*ck, what’s this?”

The students from Ancient Capital University who were training and training in the mountain range looked at the two white divine dragons flying past in the sky and widened their eyes in unison, looking like they had seen a ghost.

After arriving at Ancient Capital University, Lin Xiuzhu chose to see her teacher and the three little Iron-eating Beasts of the Iron-eating Beast Research Institute. Now, these three Iron-eating Beasts with the “thought seal” had already become the “school mascot” of Ancient Capital University. Although they had yet to become national treasures, they had become the “school treasure” of Ancient Capital University first.

Ancient Capital University had already confirmed that they wouldn’t give these three Iron-eating Beasts to students or let them contract them. With the resources of Ancient Capital University, they had raised them for their entire lives. Just like how Ancient Capital University raised a bunch of cats a hundred years ago, they were purely used as the school’s symbol.

Moreover, who said pandas weren’t cats? They had the same word in Chinese characters.

It was also an old tradition of Ancient Capital University.

It was mainly because these three pandas were very self-disciplined. They trained themselves every day and led the way. Even the iron-eating beasts worked so hard, so why wouldn’t the students work hard?

Initially, the beast-eared girl wanted to contract one of the three, but later on, she changed her mind. She planned to wait for a royal Iron-eating Beast. A royal like Eleven had already found a way to help the royal Iron-eating Beast awaken its bloodline. In the future, the royal Iron-eating Beasts should appear one after another.

On this point, White Brook had long made an appointment with Lin Xiuzhu. Even Senior Lu had made an appointment with Lin Xiuzhu for a royal Iron-eating Beast.

…

In Ancient Capital University, Shi Yu first found Principal Feng and asked him for the gold.

Then, he went to look for the gem cat.

The reason why he didn’t go to Demon Capital directly and came to the ancient capital first was because Shi Yu planned to receive the gem cat’s treasure vault.

After returning last time, the gem cat directly returned to Ancient Capital University to enter seclusion. Shi Yu suspected that it was hiding from him.

However, it couldn’t hide forever. He had seen the gem cat’s treasure vault resource list. They had agreed that not a single resource could be lacking…

Although those resources couldn’t compare to a legendary resource, nor could they compare to half of it, it was probably not a problem to sell them for billions.

At that time, Shi Yu planned to use this money to strengthen his pets first.

If Shi Yu remembered correctly, the gem cat still had a level-eight pearl that sealed the overlord soul of the Undying Race. He wondered if he could unseal it and let Chi Tong slash it. It could be considered half an overlord-level undead, right?

There was also a pile of gems, pearls, and jade. From the gem cat’s collection of the Dragon God and Dragon Pearl, one could tell how rich it was. It was like a rich cat. As expected of the richest overlord of Dong Huang this year.

“Where’s your main body?”

In the resource area of Ancient Capital University, Shi Yu stared at the gem cat clone and asked.

“Forget it, it’s the same for the clone. Bring me all the resources first.”

Gem Cat Clone: (◑▽◐)

“Meow. (I’m just a clone. What resources? My main body didn’t tell me.)”

Shi Yu: “?”

“Then do you know where it is? Call it over.”

Gem Cat Clone: (◑▽◐)

“Meow. (I’m not sure, but I’ll contact you immediately after I find it.)”

Shi Yu left. He suspected that the gem cat was hiding from him.

However, it wasn’t a big problem. In any case, the gem fruits the gem cat took away weren’t enough to eat for long. When it was hungry, it would definitely come out…

“Let’s go back to the dormitory first…”

Shi Yu took the gold and ran to the dormitory. Ignoring everything else, he wanted to see what skills this metal could awaken for Eleven!!

…

In Shi Yu’s student dormitory.

He didn’t seem to have returned for a long time.

Shi Yu originally wanted to let Buggy out to clean up first, but after thinking about it, he let Susu out.

The room after its purification, along with the air, was fresh. Some of the harmful substances in the house would also disappear more completely. Therefore, some renovation companies liked to contract some pets with cleansing abilities. The service was right.

Susu: ヽ(`⌒ ́メ)ノ Leave it to me! It’s spotless!

After contracting Susu, Buggy might become the greatest winner, not Chi Tong.

“Good child!”

After arranging the mission for Susu, Shi Yu began to head to the ruins space and pulled Eleven to strengthen it.

On the wide training ground outside Eleven’s exclusive training room, Eleven looked at the Burning Metal in Shi Yu’s hand excitedly.

This was a special metal the size of a fist. It was very irregular and contained blue fire patterns, as if the entire metal was about to burn!