Chapter 375 - Team Rankings (3)

It couldn’t be helped. The team was just that cruel. Even the reincarnation of a powerful demigod like the Blue Sea Sprite couldn’t firmly take first place. Of course, at the moment, Susu had yet to accept the Blue Sea Sprite inheritance. After accepting it, who knew what the battle situation would turn into.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

“Yiya!” Baby Ginseng was very excited after easily defeating the Blue Sea Sprite Reincarnation.

As for Eleven, Buggy, and the others, they were saying that Baby Ginseng was sinister.

What the hell was a fruit that could absorb water?

Although wood countered water, it couldn’t be done like this.

Water storage ginseng baby? How was the water element supposed to play with this?

“Yiya.” Baby Ginseng felt that Buggy, this spatial element, wasn’t qualified to say that it was sinister.

But this was also forced. It couldn’t be helped. The team was too complicated. It had to study the Anti-Buggy, Anti-Susu, Anti-Eleven, and Anti-Chi Tong energy Fruits.

“In the fifth round, Baby Ginseng, continue. Fight Eleven.”

Now, Shi Yu announced the fifth match.

Baby Ginseng: (`・д・′)

Eleven: (`・д・′)

Fifth match, Baby Ginseng vs Eleven!!

As Shi Yu finished speaking, the surroundings immediately fell silent.

“Yi?”

“Wuu?”

This battle made all the pets’ expressions become serious.

With the Time Fruit, it could temporarily release an overlord attack. This was the ginseng baby that had once destroyed two overlords.

As for the team leader, Eleven… who was better?

Eleven had always been the spiritual leader of Buggy and Baby Ginseng, the goal they had always wanted to surpass.

Now that it had finally waited for the opportunity to officially collide with Eleven, Baby Ginseng took a deep breath.

It had finally come.

Come on!

“Yi! (Leader, this time, I want to win. The current me is already invincible!)”

“Wu wu wu! (In front of me, no one is invincible.)” Eleven’s gaze was firm.

The atmosphere on both sides was solemn to the extreme.

Buggy, Chi Tong, and Susu gulped.

After resting, Baby Ginseng and Eleven looked at each other on the icy plain.

“Yi! (Battle!)”

“Wu wu! (Fight!)”

At the start of the battle, boom, Baby Ginseng still used the same trick. It first created a huge tree to protect itself.

However, when Baby Ginseng reacted, it was directly stunned.

Eleven relied on the electromagnetic flying speed that was not inferior to Chi Tong’s Light Flame Sword to turn and run. It flew into the sky and instantly fled until only a black dot was left.

If it weren’t for the fact that Baby Ginseng also had super vision, it really couldn’t see.

Baby Ginseng on the ground: ???

What was going on?

Before Baby Ginseng could react, Eleven had already completed its eruption in the sky. It opened its arms and pulled away from Baby Ginseng. Countless electromagnetic cannons shot out from the sky.

It displayed a completely different battle style from when it fought Buggy.

Air firepower bombardment!

The electromagnetic acceleration was getting more and more satisfying. Eat my super electromagnetic cannon!

Baby Ginseng on the ground: ???

After locking onto the super vision, the hardening cannonball that was enchanted with the effect of lightning and tearing through the air was accelerated by Eleven’s electromagnetic power and shot at Baby Ginseng!!

Knowing that Baby Ginseng could explode very well, Eleven was very smart and didn’t enlarge its size into a target for Baby Ginseng.

Instead, it directly flew to a height that Baby Ginseng couldn’t reach and attacked.

From the sky, Eleven seemed to say: “If you have the ability, throw the fruit here. Throw it then. Let’s see if you throw it first or I’ll bombard it first.”

Ginseng Baby: w(゚Д゚)w

Leader, you’ve changed!

Didn’t it like to turn into a huge monster and crush things with brute force??

Boom.

What awaited the confused ginseng baby were endless electromagnetic cannons.

Of course, a ginseng baby with 7 million+ normal energy points was not to be trifled with.

After its expression changed, it immediately controlled countless hardening trees to resist.

Boom!

Countless trees rose.

However, countless giant trees still couldn’t withstand the bombardment of Eleven in its sharp state.

The destructive power of the Hardened Space Quake Cannon accelerated by the electromagnetic power was too strong.

As the sea of trees quickly collapsed, Baby Ginseng was forced to convert the power of the Time Fruit. However, it didn’t dare to do too much. It only raised its energy level to more than ten million. This way, it could still maintain it for a while. If it was raised to an overlord in an instant, it would probably fall with just one attack. If it couldn’t insta-kill Eleven, it would lose.

Next, Baby Ginseng could finally complete its defense. However, because Eleven had the right to control the airspace, it refused to get close to Baby Ginseng and kept a safe distance. Baby Ginseng could only be forced to defend. At this moment, the only move it could hit with was the storage beam. It couldn’t break through Eleven’s army defense skill at all. It was impregnable.

Eleven’s Bean Bear skill had already reached the proficient level under the lead of its clone. With so many Bean Bears summoned, it was impregnable. Even if Baby Ginseng’s attack power was higher than Eleven, it still couldn’t break through its defense. This was the power of army skills.

Soon, the battle between the two parties turned into a battle of attrition. Baby Ginseng had the Earth Chain and the Energy Storage Beam to recover. Eleven had the Energy Storage Lightning to recover its physical fitness with the use of Lightning Guiding. However, because of the venue, Baby Ginseng couldn’t recover its physical fitness with the Earth Chain on the icy plain. The Energy Storage Beam wanted to absorb the power of the sun, but because of the dark clouds attracted by Eleven’s Lightning Guiding skill, the sun was covered.

This also caused Baby Ginseng to be quickly worn down by Eleven.

Eleven, who didn’t follow the routine and changed its tactical style, had forced it into a corner.

“Yiya, yiya, yiya.” Baby Ginseng was furious. In the end, Baby Ginseng gambled everything and decided to activate the power of the Time Fruit to a greater extent, raising its strength to the overlord level and unleashing the overlord attack.