Chapter 378 - Eleven'S New Skill (1)

If he really had the ability to use legendary-level resources, he had to at least reach level seven in the Beast Taming Space. Otherwise, if he gave Eleven legendary-level resources now, he could indeed break through to overlord, but he couldn’t withstand it.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Moreover, if Shi Yu wanted to nurture a perfect overlord, he had to pull their super skills to perfection in advance.

“Well, by the way, is the construction of the Marine Environmental Protection Department smooth?” Principal Feng asked.

“It’s very smooth. The Silver Sea Battleship already has the prototype of a sea base. General Xiao Qin is still powerful,” Shi Yu said.

In the past half a month, although he didn’t go there often to take a look, he could still discover the huge changes in the silver sea battleship only occasionally.

“That’s good. Their family is indeed very powerful. Her sister and her mother are both very powerful Mechanics. Haha.” Principal Feng smiled and said, “Speaking of which, the special guest of this year’s National League is General Xiao Qin’s sister.”

“Legendary Mechanic… Xiao Shuang?” Shi Yu was stunned.

Xiao Shuang should be in her thirties or forties now. She was a super genius of the previous generation. Shi Yu’s greatest impression of her should be that she had a huge dark-element mecha made of the Hundred Transformations Stone as the core!! She was very handsome.

“Yes, she’ll be the one handing the prize this year.”

Shi Yu was amused. “Oh, oh.”

Not bad.

He hoped that at that time, with his relationship with General Xiao Qin, he could touch the other party’s mecha and replicate some powerful mechanical skills in advance. This would also save him the trouble of not knowing how to nurture mechanical pets after obtaining the Hundred Transformations Stone.

“I went off topic, ahem,” Principal Feng said. “I wanted to tell you just now that Dragon Palace City has invested a lot of resources in the Marine Environmental Protection Department, right?”

“On Dong Huang’s side, apart from investing in a base and a few talents, we will also invest some resources in the future. What do you think is more suitable?”

If Shi Yu didn’t mention legendary-level resources himself, Dong Huang wouldn’t have been in a hurry to give them. Then, even if Shi Yu didn’t want the Environmental Protection Department’s investment, Dong Huang would still give it away desperately.

Rather than investing in Shi Yu, it was more like investing in the Blue Sea Sprite Reincarnation.

If you didn’t treat the child well when it was young, don’t blame the child for not being close to you when it grew up.

Dragon Palace City invested and sent beasts. When it came to Dong Huang, there was nothing. There was no need to talk about befriending the Blue Sea Sprite.

“Then let’s start with cultivation resources, cultivation resources for the Blue Sea Sprite Reincarnation. They’re mainly some high-quality cultivation water-type resources below level eight.” Shi Yu chuckled.

“Well, apart from resources, the association seems to be preparing to open a few top-notch water-element pet cultivation venues to you. I’ll send you the information later.”

“I understand.” Shi Yu nodded.

“That’s all I have to say. And about the National League… Well, you, come and see. If you can get first place, that would be best.”

On the other hand, Principal Feng had a strange expression. Initially, when Shi Yu wanted the reward for first place in the National League, he felt that there was not much hope.

After all, last time, Shi Yu didn’t have a monarch-level pet, and Gao Xuan had been a super genius famous outside a long time ago.

In this situation, he felt that it was normal for Shi Yu to have little hope.

However, who knew that Shi Yu would go to Dragon Palace City and cause such a huge commotion? Not only did Eleven break through to the monarch level, but after breaking through, it could even suppress the Thunder Dragon Crown Prince!

Apart from that, Baby Ginseng even blew up two overlords, making Principal Feng understand the potential of the Time Fruit again.

Although he couldn’t achieve that kind of power again, it shouldn’t be a problem to unleash a move that was the level of an overlord attack, right?

Now, according to his understanding, every pet of Shi Yu had already reached the monarch level. In this situation, if Gao Xuan didn’t contract a new pet for this National League, then Gao Xuan definitely didn’t have the ability to fight Shi Yu.

There were clearly many contract positions, but he only contracted one pet. It was Gao Xuan’s greatest weakness previously, but it was also his greatest trump card.

If Gao Xuan chose to empty the contract slot and contract the equipment to strengthen the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast, his strength would probably increase.

After knowing Shi Yu’s strength, Imperial Capital University and the fourth bureau would definitely help Gao Xuan with all their might during this period.

Therefore, at the moment, Principal Feng had a lot of expectations for Shi Yu, but he didn’t dare to have too much expectations. In short, if he could get first place, that would still be very good. After all, the National League determined a portion of the annual education funds, but if he couldn’t get first place, second place wasn’t bad either. In any case, he was satisfied.

“Don’t worry, leave it to me.” Shi Yu nodded. “I’ll return to the ancient capital tomorrow.”

It was time for the Iron-eating Beast Knight to reappear.

…

The end of this year could be said to be quite lively.

Not only was the National League in December worth looking forward to, but the National Professional Examination in January next year was also a hot topic.

In addition, the recent popularity of the Sequence battle that swept through the country made the current Beast Tamer domain filled with vitality.

“Hu…”

In the sky above the icy plain flying to the ancient capital, two people were sitting on each of the two white divine dragons.

Both of them were wearing panda suits. The difference was that the young man was wearing black pants, while the girl was wearing a black short skirt with a panda tail decoration, apart from a loose white short-sleeved shirt.

“Are you used to it?”

Shi Yu asked Lin Xiuzhu beside him.

“It’s very exciting.” Senior Panda sat on the Third Prince of Dragon Palace City conjured by Buggy and looked ahead with a red face.