Chapter 374 - Team Rankings (2)

…

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

The third internal battle!

Buggy vs Eleven!

“Well, all the best.”

As Shi Yu announced the next name list with a smile, Buggy’s expression turned solemn.

“Wuu!” Eleven stared at Buggy, but its expression was relatively calm.

The little panda rubbed its fists, its eyes shining.

Come on.

Buggy, let me test your training results!

“…” Buggy was silent. It didn’t expect to fight the leader so quickly.

Could it… defeat the leader?

“Yiya…” Baby Ginseng’s expression also became serious. It wanted to know the outcome of this battle.

In its opinion, the two greatest threats to it were Eleven and Buggy.

“Mi.” “Ning.”

Chi Tong, who was resting, cheered for Eleven, hoping that it could beat up the sinister and cunning Buggy.

As for Susu, it fell silent. After constantly analyzing and thinking about it, it determined that it… might be at the bottom?

At the start of the battle.

Eleven erupted with all its strength.

It enlarged to more than ten meters and erupted with sharpness. Its energy level doubled.

At the same time, Buggy also conjured the Dragon God Valley through illusions and imagination… and created a geographical advantage.

But the next moment.

“Boom…”

When Buggy conjured it to strengthen its Imagination Domain, it was directly shattered by Eleven, who had evolved into a Nine Li Battle Beast and had grown more than ten meters tall.

Super skill, Space Quake!

It specialized in destroying spaces!

Boom.

Space completely shattered.

Buggy: (⊙ˍ⊙)

A power that could topple mountains and overturn the seas transmitted to the surroundings, even making Buggy not dare to teleport or hide.

In front of Space Quake, these two skills were useless!

It could only maintain the Dragon of Imagination state and try to fight Eleven head-on.

However, Buggy’s strongest profundity, finishing touch, turned into a beam of light and hit Eleven. In the end, Baby Ginseng, Susu, and Chi Tong covered their mouths with tears.

Bang!!!

The divine dragon phantom seemed to have hit an unbreakable iron wall. There was only a sound and no crack. With a bang, Buggy was knocked dizzy by the opposite force and was picked up by Eleven, who continued to expand!

Even after entering the Dragon of Imagination state, facing Eleven, whose huge body was filled with Bean Bears and had entered the army formation impregnable state, Buggy actually couldn’t break through its defense!

Buggy: What the hell is this defense!!!

Buggy even suspected that even Chi Tong’s full-strength attack couldn’t break through Eleven’s army defense skill.

Boom.

In the next moment, lightning descended.

As expected, the Buggy that Eleven was holding was shattered by Eleven.

Seeing this, Chi Tong and Susu’s expressions were solemn to the extreme. Baby Ginseng was even more serious. However, its eruption was stronger than Buggy’s. It shouldn’t be a problem to shatter it.

“As expected of Eleven.” Shi Yu chuckled.

…

The fourth match, Susu vs Baby Ginseng!

The fourth battle list was finally announced. Susu went on stage out of fear.

In the face of this big boss who had destroyed two overlords, Susu felt that it was more threatening than Eleven.

It was mainly because the Time Fruit was too buggy. It could even increase battle power to the overlord level!

How could they fight!

Baby Ginseng: ( ̄) ̄) Calm down.

Although Susu was the little sister with overlord will, the overlord’s will was not battle power.

Otherwise, the Blue Sea Sprite Reincarnation wouldn’t have died countless times in three thousand years.

Only in life-and-death situations could the overlord’s will have a chance to display its effect, allowing the pet to erupt with potential or break through.

This kind of “peaceful” team competition was basically a blank slate.

In order to take care of the little sister who had just joined the team and didn’t know the dangers of the seniors in the team, Baby Ginseng didn’t even use the Time Fruit.

Boom.

As soon as it started, the icy plain beside Baby Ginseng cracked, and countless trees wrapped around its body.

Soon, Baby Ginseng’s figure disappeared and was swallowed by the huge tree.

In its place was a huge tree several meters tall, a huge tree with arms that were brown in color!

As soon as Baby Ginseng started, it used plant control and hardening to create a huge hard tree. It sneaked in and protected its main body.

After all, its main body was really weak. Perhaps it didn’t need to care too much about dealing with passers-by, but it was better to be safe against this group of teammates with full skills and explosive destructive power…

At this moment, seeing Baby Ginseng so sneaky, Susu was stunned.

Among plant-type pets, there were many pets with fast speed.

Baby Ginseng’s speed was already fast enough. Now that it saw Baby Ginseng in this state, it looked like it had completely given up on this idea and planned to defend completely.

Seeing this, Susu, who had just been ravaged by Chi Tong’s speed, relaxed.

But soon, it cried.

It really understood what was dangerous in the world.

Its various water-type skills attacked the target ginseng baby, but they didn’t cause any ripples at all. They were all sucked into the huge tree.

“Yiya!! (Anti-Susu Energy Fruit!)”

In the huge tree, Baby Ginseng controlled the huge tree to absorb the power of the water element and turn it into nutrients for the energy fruit on the tree.

This was the attribute restraint!

Boom.

Then, the huge tree’s hand threw the energy fruits that had been enhanced by the Moon Explosion at Susu.

Susu: …

…

“It’s been four matches.”

As Susu returned from its defeat again, Shi Yu looked at the array table.

At this moment, Susu was very depressed, because he had already lost two consecutive battles.

However, for Susu, who had the will of an overlord, these defeats would not only not have the opposite effect, but it would also greatly increase its competitiveness. It was a good thing.