Chapter 384 - Deterrence That Exceeded Transcendent

Union calendar, December 1, 178.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

After lying down for a day, the National League officially began.

Millions of gazes focused on the National League.

Those with qualifications came to the scene of Demon Capital.

Without any conditions, they waited for the live broadcast in front of their cell phones and television.

“Dong Huang Radio and Television Station, Dong Huang Radio and Television Station.”

“This is the East Sea District of Demon Capital. The 114th National League is about to begin.”

On the live broadcast of the National League, the female host said, “I’m the host, Han Lu.”

The male host said, “I’m the commentator, Gu Yu.”

These two had already presided over the five National League competitions. To the audience who paid attention to the competition every year, they were all familiar faces.

Soon, as the two of them spoke nonsense, colorful fireworks rose outside the East Sea Arena. The school flags of the nine Beast Taming Universities of Dong Huang also fluttered.

At the same time, nine teams of more than ten people began to enter the venue from different directions.

In the Ancient Capital University team, Shi Yu followed behind White Brook. Behind him were the high-level Beast Tamers who participated in the team competition.

After the contestants and audience were in place, on the platform of the venue, an old man with a big beard started to talk.

Shi Yu looked at the bent, white-haired, and bearded old man. He knew him, but not completely.

If Shi Yu wasn’t wrong, the other party should be the person in charge of the eighth bureau, Zhong Yan, Principal Feng’s superior.

He had the powerful battle results of finding and teaching a Titled Legendary and a Legendary Beast Tamer.

As for his own strength, that was unknown.

Beside him was a very beautiful long-haired lady with a very cool aura. She was a legendary Mechanic, Xiao Shuang, who was also General Xiao Qin’s sister.

It was said that the security of the individual preliminaries of the National League was handled by her overlord-level mechanical life form, the Eye of the Stars.

As for the last very dignified middle-aged man, Shi Yu also knew him. He was the president of the Beast Tamer Association of Demon Capital City, the legendary Beast Tamer Xia Man. Because it was Demon Capital’s turn to hold the competition this year, this person naturally had to attend.

As for why Shi Yu knew him… It was because this guy was the husband of Dr. Zuo, who had developed the Ice Phoenix Moth. His daughter, Xia Qingwei, had even been Shi Yu’s assistant at the Feeding Conference… He had clearly not been promoted previously. This promotion speed was pretty fast.

“Cough.” Good heavens, the three important people who attended this year’s National League were not simple.

A long time later.

Director Zhong and President Xia finally finished speaking. Many contestants looked at the platform again. At this moment, Madam Xiao Shuang, who was wearing a black trench coat, stood up. With a thought, her figure teleported under the platform.

As she walked, she said, “I’m Xiao Shuang. Due to the special rules of this year’s National League, I’ll be the special guest judge. Next, the contestants of the individual competition of the nine major universities, come and draw lots.”

“The result of the draw will determine where you will be teleported to the competition island, Glass Island. Glass Island covers an area of 40,000 square kilometers. The internal environment is complicated. The initial location will affect the outcome of your competition to a certain extent.”

“The time for the individual preliminaries is one day. In one day, you need to eliminate two contestants on the island, regardless of the school. Only in this way can you meet the conditions to advance to the next round. If the conditions aren’t met after a day, you will fail to advance.”

“During this process, the more contestants are eliminated, the more rewards can be divided in the end. At the same time, the island is filled with ferocious beasts. Every monarch-level ferocious beast hunted can also receive ten million yuan.”

When they heard this rule again, everyone felt that it was very difficult!

There were only 21 contestants in this individual competition.

Moreover, they were all master-level Beast Tamers.

In this situation, it was as difficult as ascending to the heavens to eliminate two people in the specified time.

Moreover, although there were no overlord-level ferocious beasts on Glass Island, there were definitely many wild monarch-level ferocious beasts. In other words, after arriving at the island, not only did they have to worry about competitors, but they also had to worry about the threat in the wild.

It was still more comfortable to play the team competition in the arena.

“Let’s go.” In the Ancient Capital University team, White Brook called Shi Yu and called him to draw lots.

“Yes.” Shi Yu nodded.

At the same time, a total of 21 master-level students from the nine major universities walked to the designated location of Legend Xiao Shuang.

During this process, the 21 people were observing each other, but there was actually no need to observe.

Because they were all old acquaintances. They had fought in the National League last year.

The only unfamiliar face was probably Shi Yu.

Therefore, most people sized up Shi Yu.

[That guy who evolved from an archeological Iron-eating Beast.]

[A genius who developed the Green Silkworm cocoon and contracted the Butterfly of Imagination.]

[I heard that he defeated the vice-captain of Imperial Capital University in the Imperial Capital exchange event.]

[Top 100 at the start of the Sequence Battle, a freshman. Are you kidding?]

The contestants from the other universities muttered the information they knew in their hearts.

Among the many contestants, even Gao Xuan’s presence couldn’t suppress Shi Yu. After all, Shi Yu’s achievements had crossed several domains.

“There are many more masters than last year.”

On the platform, as the contestants of the individual competition went to the preliminaries to draw lots, Old Master Zhong Yan chuckled.

“Your daughter is also here, right?”

“She just broke through not long ago, and she’s just here to make up the numbers. It’s good to train,” President Xia said with a smile.