Chapter 380 - Eleven'S New Skill (3)

At first glance, it really looked like a special fire-element metal.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

However, in fact, according to the research results of the third bureau, this metal was a level-eight special metal that could effectively strengthen the mind.

Even if it wasn’t used for the iron-eating beast’s evolution, it still contained special energy radiation that could “burn” the spiritual will of life forms, surging with huge battle intent.

Of course, this burning had nothing to do with flames. It was just a metaphor.

“It seems that after you break the record for the testing platform in Emperor Wu’s ruins, the reward is this Burning Gold… Unfortunately, Zhong Xuan said that the Burning Gold there was taken away by an ancient general. Now, I can be considered to have made up for the regret.” Shi Yu smiled and threw the Burning Gold to the eager Eleven.

“An evolution-type resource that can make spiritual will burn… I wonder if it can allow Eleven to break through in terms of will…” As Shi Yu was thinking, Eleven had already eaten the burning gold excitedly.

Boom!!!

Right on the heels of that, Eleven’s eyes flashed. The substantialized blue deterrence aura slowly filled its body, causing its aura to climb steadily.

“Wuu!!!” Because it had already had experience carving inscriptions the previous few times, it was very proficient this time.

It quickly carved the corresponding inscription and began to receive the power of the auric flame to transform it into potential through the digestion ability brought by the inscription!

Squeak…

Eleven hardened the sharp claws of its right hand and began to slowly scratch its body.

Then, under Shi Yu’s nervous gaze, white light began to linger on Eleven’s body!

At this moment, Eleven was very excited because it immediately felt an even faster increase in strength!

“Wuu!!”

Eleven roared and its body was completely wrapped in white light. At the same time, the index in front of Shi Yu quickly displayed Eleven’s growth changes.

Energy Points: 4,620,000

It didn’t increase much because Burning Gold wasn’t a traditional strengthening-type resource. The increase in various aspects of the pet wasn’t much. It only symbolically increased Eleven’s mental strength. Otherwise, if it were other level-eight strengthening-type resources, Eleven’s strength could still be strengthened more.

Of course, Shi Yu didn’t expect this either. He looked forward to Eleven’s new skill more!

Could it be helpful in practicing the overlord’s will?

Back then, Zhong Xuan left quickly and he couldn’t ask in advance what the super skills of the iron-eating beasts were. It was his greatest regret.

Soon, the white light and deterrence power on Eleven’s body gradually converged during this process. At the same time, Shi Yu instantly knew the information of this new skill through the mental connection between the Beast Tamer and his pet!

Skill: Impregnable

[Attributes]: Metal, Spirit

[Level]: Super level

< Introduction > When in a near-death situation, you can erupt with power that exceeds the limit and is unstoppable according to the strength of your spiritual will.

Shi Yu: “Huh???”

Damn, I want a skill that’s helpful in mastering the overlord’s will. I didn’t let you awaken a skill with an effect similar to the overlord’s will. Is this transforming the overlord’s will from passive to active??

“Wuu!!!” At this moment, Eleven’s eyes lit up. It felt that this skill was quite powerful.

It matched the Inner Power skill!

Inner Power could erupt with power that exceeded the limit, but it would cause itself to suffer a serious burden. If too much power erupted, it would even enter a near-death state and fall into a desperate situation!

There was no need for the enemy to push it into a desperate situation. He could use his Inner Power to manually activate the desperate situation mode. Two consecutive super eruptions were really unstoppable!

“Wu wu wu!” Eleven felt that it was very good.

“Do you need me to teach you another ‘Rise from the Dead’ and ‘Holy Counterattack’ skill so that you can erupt three or four times in a row?” The corners of Shi Yu’s mouth twitched as he asked.

Eleven’s eyes lit up. Every time, it would be an eruption that exceeded the limit. Every time, it would be on the verge of death, but every time, it could continue to erupt after being on the verge of death. Its trump cards would appear one after another, and it would become an immortal Panda King. It thought that it would work. When the time came, Baby Ginseng would only be so-so.

“What the hell? If you play like this, you’ll explode sooner or later.” The corners of Shi Yu’s mouth twitched. If you’re not careful, you won’t be smug from near death to really dying. You don’t have any revival skills…

The skills of the Nine Li Battle Beast were really f*cking dangerous. No wonder Emperor Wu had hidden injuries… Even if it wasn’t Yun An, this battle method was still dangerous for Beast Tamers after it fused with them… Fortunately, his talent was telepathy.

It looked like it was right to let Principal Feng help him apply for the legendary resource to increase the Iron-eating Beast’s life force…

No… When he thought of Chi Tong’s Interlocking Sword, Shi Yu’s head hurt. Although his physique could withstand Chi Tong’s possession now, using the Interlocking Sword would still cause damage.

Sigh, in short, Eleven’s skill was a little dangerous. If he wanted to use it, he would have to be on the verge of death. Who could withstand this? Although, perhaps Eleven was already used to hurting itself daily?

Shi Yu looked at the skill index.

At the moment, the high-speed healing didn’t feel enough for Eleven to use. He would replicate more life-saving skills for Eleven another day.

After the National League ended, in order to face the World Tournament, it was time to strengthen the pets. The suitable low-level teaching skills and super racial skills had to be arranged.

“Wu wu.”

At this moment, Eleven didn’t seem to be satisfied after eating a level-eight metal and awakening a new skill.

It returned to its mini form and poked Shi Yu, asking if there was still a meteorite fragment. Could that be eaten? Susu’s cleansing skill was already maxed out, and its strength was already at the monarch level!

It should be able to protect it when it absorbed the meteorite fragment to evolve.

If it really didn’t work, it could eat the Time Fruit. The full-level purification of the overlord-level Susu would definitely be safe.

Shi Yu smiled and stood up. “That’s right, I think so too. However, try again after the National League ends. After all, absorbing the Yun An fragment isn’t zero risk. Unlike Burning Gold, the National League is next. If something goes wrong during the process and you can’t participate, a large amount of resources will be wasted…”

“Moreover, during the absorption of the meteorite fragment, according to Big Boss Zhong Xuan… There’s the worry that the dark power will erode the will. I feel that it might also be a good opportunity to train the will. It’s best if we don’t need Susu’s help. It’s better to wait until there’s enough time before wholeheartedly accepting the challenge.”

Eleven: Wuu (Alright!!!)

…

At the same time.

In a mechanical research institute in the capital.

Gao Xuan put down the tool in his hand and looked at the “Anti-Shi Yu Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast” in front of him. He finally heaved a sigh of relief.

As expected, Gao Xuan knew about Shi Yu’s battle results in Dragon Palace City. Even if he didn’t know, as Shi Yu’s name appeared in the top 100 of the Sequence battle, he could determine that Shi Yu definitely had hidden strength.

Therefore, before the National League was held, he decisively upgraded the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast with the help of the seniors from Imperial Capital University and the fourth bureau.

He took out all his assets and awakened and contracted four new machines that could be used to fuse with the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast and new mechanical equipment of the monarch race. Among them, there were new energy sources, new converters, and new weapons. It was very complete. He originally planned to awaken the combination after obtaining materials such as the Hundred Transformations Stone, but he didn’t expect that he would be forced to work hard in advance. This would cause him to have to adjust again when the time came. It was very tiring.

“With this, with the combination of five pets and myself, under the circumstances of six being one, even an overlord’s attack should be barely alright. Moreover, the Fusion Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast can even release an overlord-level attack. Although it will be overloaded, I feel that it’s a little overkill.”

Gao Xuan fell into deep thought. Forget it, he would just treat it as working hard in advance for the Sequence battle. He picked up the supplements weakly. Recently, he had been working hard to upgrade his machinery, and it had exhausted him. Before this, he really didn’t expect that a first-year student would become a threat to him at the last minute.