Chapter 388 - Deterrence That Exceeded Transcendent (4)

Looking at the dense army of 100,000 ferocious beasts marching towards Shi Yu in the aerial map, countless spectators gulped.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Even the beast tides encountered in some cities were only so-so.

“The analysis results are out…”

“Among these ferocious beasts, there are a total of ten monarch-level ferocious beasts. About 3,000 commander-level ferocious beasts, and 110,000 transcendent-level ferocious beasts.”

The commentator, Han Lu, gulped and said.

A beast tide of this level could almost instantly paralyze a third-level city like Ping Cheng.

And this was only attracted in less than a minute after Shi Yu summoned Baby Ginseng??

In the East Sea Arena, Senior Panda sat nervously in her seat.

“Don’t worry.” A moment later, a female voice came from the side.

A big white cat had arrived at some point in time and joined the audience of Ancient Capital University.

“Teacher Ying!” Lin Xiuzhu was surprised to see the gem cat.

At the same time, the contestants on the competition island might not know the situation, but the teachers and students of the nine major universities outside the island widened their eyes in unison. They looked at all of this in disbelief and at Shi Yu’s crazy actions.

It had attracted nearly 120,000 ferocious beasts!!

Ignoring everything else, just the ten monarch-level ferocious beasts were enough to make several contestants suffer.

“This kid is dishonest. We can’t let Qingwei find such a boyfriend in the future.” On the platform, President Xia’s gaze was deep.

“Even if all his pets master perfect-level deterrence, it’s still difficult to disperse such a huge beast tide, right?” Director Zhong clicked his tongue.

Wasn’t this inviting trouble?

Generally speaking, deterrence couldn’t deal with monarchs of the same level. As for the 100,000 ferocious beasts, although they could be dealt with by deterrence, there were too many of them. Even if they used deterrence, they would be exhausted.

Moreover, the monarch commanding them would also help resist the deterrence. In this situation, Shi Yu’s situation was rather dangerous.

Even if these pets dispersed in the end, Shi Yu himself would probably consume a lot of energy.

At this moment, no one cared about the situation on the other contestants’ side.

All eyes were focused on Shi Yu.

At the moment, there were already ferocious beasts very close to Shi Yu.

As for Shi Yu, he also sensed the aura of wild beasts from all directions.

“Eleven, come out. Let’s settle one wave first.”

After Baby Ginseng, Shi Yu summoned his second pet.

An extremely confused little Iron-eating Beast that was more than a meter tall appeared beside Shi Yu.

The moment it came out, its body subconsciously emitted a faint deterrence. Although the hundreds of ferocious beasts near Shi Yu looked at Baby Ginseng with burning eyes, they didn’t dare to act rashly.

[Iron-eating Beast…]

[Shi Yu summoned the Iron-eating Beast. I watched the Iron-eating Beast Knight grow up.]

[So what does he do next? Don’t tell me he’s going to let the Iron-eating Beast fight. In my opinion, slip away. It’s more exciting to run after showing off.]

Countless comments quickly flashed across the major live-stream platforms.

At this moment, Shi Yu began to do serious things.

“Make as much noise as possible and attract all the contestants.” Shi Yu gave Eleven an order.

“Wuu!!” Eleven patted its chest, indicating that it would take care of it.

In the next moment.

The Little Iron Eating Beast walked a little away, and then white light began to linger on its body.

Boom!!!

Under the light, a terrifying deterrence erupted from its body.

Apart from that, an invisible white flash of flames erupted from Eleven, who was covered in white light, like an erupting volcano. Blue electric arcs flickered in the huge flames that were several meters tall.

Under this light, Eleven’s body suddenly enlarged. It was two meters tall, five meters, ten meters, twenty meters, fifty meters, a hundred meters, and it was still increasing!!

At this moment, a shocking change made the audience watching the scene suddenly open their mouths and quietly watch everything.

Countless people widened their eyes and looked at a little Iron-eating Beast that was more than a meter tall. It suddenly multiplied to more than a hundred meters.

Although they knew that there were Beast Tamers who could master the skill of enlarging after the Iron-eating Beast evolved, wasn’t enlarging to this size… a little against common sense?

In the giant transformation, Eleven’s form was also changing.

As the light dissipated, its entire body was wrapped in hard black armor… Its face and head were covered in armor that had already become the color of silver lightning.

Apart from that, the place where its limbs touched its body, the iron ring-shaped thick armor also turned silver-white with lightning lingering.

Mysterious, domineering, honorable, and wild were the qualities revealed by the iron-eating beast today.

At this moment, Eleven’s originally black eyes had completely turned into a sky-blue color that contained lightning. Coupled with the black and white armor and the flowing electric current on the armor, it looked extremely ferocious, like an overlord that could suppress everything!!

“Roar!!!” Eleven, who had entered the sharp state and erupted with all its might, immediately roared at the sky, its king’s might erupting!!

Dao Proficiency Deterrence!!!

Deterrence of this level had already exceeded the transcendent deterrence of the binding object and skill. It could already imprint deterrence in the depths of the souls and bloodlines of other lives, branding it in the ethereal natural power, fusing, and triggering the powerful natural power to display its might.

In other words, Eleven didn’t need to consume a huge amount of physical strength at all. Just once, it could trigger the lightning here to transform into its own will and consciousness to deter the ferocious beasts that came!