Chapter 387 - Deterrence That Exceeded Transcendent (3)

This was not an ordinary transcendent ginseng baby, but… a battle ginseng that knew attack skills!

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Moreover, its strength was not bad.

Some students and teachers of Imperial Capital University were even more solemn. Shi Yu’s ginseng baby had undergone an evolution in Imperial Capital University.

The old principal of Imperial Capital University was one of the few people who knew about the Undying Ginseng. Although Yin Zhengfan and the others didn’t know about the Undying Ginseng, they had also seen the commotion caused by the ginseng baby at Imperial Capital University.

At that time… the fragrance that filled the sky almost attracted all the pets in Imperial Capital University, including overlord-level pets.

How nutritious was this ginseng baby?

Now, when they saw Shi Yu choose to summon this pet immediately, they revealed serious expressions. What was Shi Yu… doing?

“Holy shit.”

In the next moment, a shocking scene occurred.

A fragrance that was almost corporeal bloomed from Baby Ginseng.

A fragrance visible to the naked eye flowed into the sky like a tide.

Even through the live broadcast, the Beast Tamers had never seen such a ridiculous sweet aura skill.

In the impression of people, sweet aura skills were silent.

However, on Shi Yu’s ginseng baby, it seemed to have gone from being soft and silent to a fragrant tornado.

As the fragrance spread from Baby Ginseng’s body, the entire sky was like the birth of the Undying Divine Medicine, condensing a very spectacular natural phenomenon in the sky.

“Gulp.” Everyone could clearly hear the grunt coming from the live-stream screen.

“Whose voice is it?”

“It sounds a little mechanical.”

“Could I have heard wrongly?”

[Eye of the Stars]: Aggrieved.jpg

On the platform of the East Sea Arena, Xiao Shuang’s face was speechless. She sensed the desire of the Eye of the Stars for the ginseng baby from afar.

Wait, was there something wrong? Why was a mechanical pet of the Eye of the Stars interested in the ginseng baby?

Xiao Shuang was very puzzled.

However…

This ginseng baby…

Xiao Shuang looked at the ginseng baby in Shi Yu’s hand on the screen with a deep gaze. She had heard from her father and sister that Shi Yu had… crushed two overlords through a ginseng baby!!

Now that Shi Yu had summoned Baby Ginseng, what did it mean??

No… Perhaps the intention was already very clear.

As Baby Ginseng appeared, it emitted a fragrance. In an instant, with Shi Yu as the center, the countless ferocious beasts in the surrounding area began to stir. Moreover, this area… was still expanding!!

This fragrance slowly spread to the entire island with the wind of nature. Although the smell gradually faded, the fragrance was like a fuse that connected to the richest center!

If nothing went wrong, soon, the entire island would be able to smell this fragrance!

“This…” The host, Han Lu, clearly immediately realized Shi Yu’s intention. She found it very difficult to understand.” Contestant Shi Yu… Contestant Shi Yu, he summoned Baby Ginseng and made Baby Ginseng release a large-scale sweet aura skill!!”

“As everyone knows, the sweet aura skill is a special fragrance to relieve fatigue, but in the wild, many creatures are actually attracted by this sweet aura. What is he doing? Could it be that he wants to attract the ferocious beasts?”

“Using this method to attract monarch-level ferocious beasts to hunt?”

“Looks like contestant Shi Yu is very confident in his strength.”

Gu Yu: “I think so, but the sweet aura skill of contestant Shi Yu’s ginseng baby… seems to be a little too terrifying. What level has this ginseng baby’s strength reached… Could it have reached the monarch level? Monarch-level ginseng baby?”

“Everyone, look. There’s already a terrifying number of ferocious beasts moving in the direction of contestant Shi Yu!!”

Initially, the two commentators wanted to introduce the 21 contestants before there was any conflict.

However, who knew that this Shi Yu would not follow the routine and cause such big news?

As a result, they couldn’t move the scene away and could only concentrate on explaining Shi Yu’s situation.

At this moment, under Xiao Shuang’s mental instructions, apart from the basic commands, the Eye of the Stars also began to mobilize more images from other places.

Soon, the situation around Shi Yu was broadcasted in the form of an aerial view.

In the next moment, all the spectators gasped and their breathing almost stopped.

“This…”

“How is that possible?”

“There are at least 100,000 of them!!!”

Because in the live broadcast, as Baby Ginseng released its fragrance, at least 100,000 ferocious beasts, from transcendent to monarch level, walked towards the mountain range where Shi Yu was with red eyes.

They involved various races and types. They were all ferocious beasts that posed a huge threat to humans in the wild recorded in textbooks. During their journey, the sky and the ground were pitch-black and dense. Just the tens of thousands of transcendent-level Killer Bees led by the Queen Bee made all the spectators’ hair stand on end.

“What kind of sweetness is that?”

“This Shi Yu is crazy.”

“With such a big commotion, forget about the ferocious beasts, the other contestants nearby should also be attracted by him.”

The rules of this preliminaries were originally to let every contestant be careful of ferocious beasts in the wild and other contestants. Everyone was like hunters hunting in the dark forest and needed to be careful. It was best to defeat others through sneak attacks and picking up scraps. In the end, Shi Yu released a signal flare into the sky to mark himself?