Chapter 381 - Killing In The National League

Ancient Capital University.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

After Shi Yu finished feeding Eleven the gold, he came out to check on Susu’s cleaning results.

“Ning!”

It was still so perfect. The room was filled with a fresh aura.

If he could have had the combination of purification and sweetness earlier, he wouldn’t have been so impatient in meditation.

“Beautiful.”

“Ning!”

“Let’s go, I’ll take you around the school.”

Shi Yu stretched out his hand. Susu hopped onto Shi Yu’s arm and climbed onto his head.

Susu: (.í_ì.)

At this moment, Shi Yu looked like he was wearing a blue hat, looking especially young.

This was the first time Susu had come to Ancient Capital University.

If it was going to the Undead Battlefield to train next, it would have to stay here for a long time. Shi Yu planned to bring it to familiarize it with the environment first.

In addition, he had not returned for a long, long time. He didn’t even participate in the final exam this year. Being this kind of student… was really awesome!

…

Battle Club.

As the National League was in two days, Shi Yu came over to take a look.

When he arrived, Principal Feng seemed to be there too. He should have gone out to take a look at the contestants of Ancient Capital University after giving him the Gold.

Dean He, the instructor of the battle club, was also there. He was lecturing the members of the battle club.

“There are no master-level teams participating in the team competition this year, so if you guys get the last place again this year, it won’t make sense no matter what.”

“Xu Ze, you’re the vice president. What do you think Ancient Capital University will get this time?”

Vice President Xu Ze looked conflicted and said, “Well, it’s hard to say…”

“You guys are cowards. I’ll set a number. The top five of the team. This time, all the members of the battle club will go to Demon Capital together, including the reserve members. However, regardless of whether you participate or not, you have to write a post-battle analysis of no less than 100,000 words according to the competition situation after the competition.”

As Dean He finished speaking, the expressions of the hundreds of battle club members below immediately turned bitter.

Damn it!

Even if the training was doubled, it was better than 100,000 words of post-battle analysis.

“Eh, Shi Yu is here.” At this moment, Principal Feng, who was listening to Dean He lecture the members, suddenly looked at the door.

To be honest, he didn’t have much hope for the team competition of Ancient Capital University. After all, the school’s resources were completely different from the resources of other schools. At the moment, he was hoping that Shi Yu and White Brook, the two members who participated in the individual competition, could do well.

This year, it was decided that the individual competition received more education funds.

In the past years, the results of Ancient Capital University were indeed not very good, so the annual education funds were basically crushed by Imperial Capital and Demon Capital University several times. But next year, they might be able to be generous for once.

The results of the Green Silkworm cocoon of the Feeding Department, the results of the Iron-eating Beast of the archeology Department, and in addition to the battle results of the National League, it was definitely the achievement of a top-notch school in the first tier.

And all of this… seemed to be thanks to the super genius Lu Qingyi picked up from that small county.

“Shi Yu?” Upon hearing Principal Feng’s voice, the hundreds of members of the battle club and Dean He looked at the door.

“Cough.” At this moment, Shi Yu also coughed dryly and entered in embarrassment. He didn’t expect everyone to be in a meeting.

“Dean He, Principal Feng.”

“Shi Yu, you came at the right time.” Seeing Shi Yu, Dean He smiled.

The other students also looked at this god in silence, their gazes extremely complicated!

The reason was very simple!

It wasn’t because Shi Yu had once swept through Imperial Capital University and defeated the careless vice-captain of Imperial Capital University with his equipment.

Instead, Shi Yu, who had disappeared from Ancient Capital University for a few months, had actually appeared in the top 100 of the Sequence Battle!!

This was what shocked everyone the most.

Although Shi Yu didn’t feel anything at that time, once the ranking of the Sequence Battle was announced, every student of Ancient Capital University, especially the Beast Tamers of the battle club, was very shocked.

After all, the Beast Tamers in the Sequence competition weren’t just university students.

In other words, among all the students of the nine major universities, only two had entered the top 100.

One was Gao Xuan, and the other was Shi Yu.

Even Bai Wenjie from Imperial Capital University, who Shi Yu had once defeated, and the official captain of Ancient Capital University, White Brook, were ranked hundreds away.

Although Shi Yu was quickly “killed” in the top 100 and his ranking fell, he had entered it before.

The top 100… The top 100 were all super geniuses who had already grown up, seniors who were several years older than them and had already graduated for a long time, or people who had reached the top of other systems. Among them, almost all were top-notch masters. In this situation, Shi Yu, a freshman, entering that? It made those who knew Shi Yu feel like they had seen a ghost.

In their impression, Shi Yu was only a high-level Beast Tamer. Although he could fight above his level, he was only a high-level Beast Tamer. However, looking at this ranking, there was no doubt that Shi Yu had definitely broken through again. Not only him, but some pets must have also reached the monarch level and their battle power was off the charts.

Not many people knew that Shi Yu had broken through to the master level in the Emperor Wu Ruins. Even fewer people knew that he had gone to Dragon Palace City. Therefore, this gave these Ancient Capital University students the illusion that it was suddenly unscientific.

Now that they finally saw the missing Shi Yu, many people started to guess what Shi Yu had experienced.

“What he had experienced…” In the crowd, Yu Shu, who knew part of the truth and had been to Dragon Palace City, cried.