Chapter 383 - Killing In The National League (2)

Imperial Capital, Ancient Capital, Demon Capital, Divine Capital, Star Capital, Demon Capital, Spirit Capital… At the same time, special rare pets from various cities appeared everywhere in the contestant village with Beast Tamers. It could be said to be an unprecedented grand occasion.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Media teams shuttled through the contestants’ village one after another, looking for contestants to interview.

On the Internet, there were also endless speculation discussions about the National League.

Although it was a rare occasion, Shi Yu still chose to return to the contestants’ dormitory to lie down. The competition would begin tomorrow, and today was another boring day.

Tomorrow was the individual competition preliminaries.

At that time, 21 masters would compete on an island filled with ferocious beasts. The final contestants could enter the finals to determine the individual champion.

The individual competition preliminaries, team competition, and individual competition finals would determine the order of the National League this time.

After returning, Shi Yu continued to take out his cell phone and swipe it.

It wasn’t because of the discussion about the National League on the Internet, but because the preview of “Lost History 001: Legend of Mu Huiyin” released by Buggy had passed the review.

It was another short and powerful super short film that was more than a minute long. It was as short and weak as the Green Silkworm.

However, although it was short and weak, there were many explosive scenes added this time.

The ID [Time Traveler] had increased by 100,000 fans since it was flipped over by the official account of Ancient Capital University.

Many people were looking forward to the follow-up of Mu Huiyin’s legend.

Unfortunately, he disappeared for nearly a month.

Therefore, the moment preview 2 passed the review, many strange comments were added.

“Grandpa, the author you were following has finally updated.”

“It’s fine if it’s a monthly, but why is it a preview! This is too much!”

“I’ll like it first before looking at it. I’ll develop a good habit…”

These were the comments before watching the content.

As for the comments after watching the content…

“Wu wu wu wu, General Mu Huiyin’s childhood was so miserable. Not only was she ostracized by her clansmen, but she also suffered the torture of the fire bloodline.”

“Because the fire bloodline in her body is too strong, she has no choice but to contract an ice-element pet to suppress it? Hiss, no wonder General Mu Huiyin contracted an ice-element pet even though she clearly has a fire talent. The bloodline power of a hybrid human can actually be so strong? She needs an ice dragon to suppress it?”

“I also have a hybrid friend. There’s no such situation at all. It’s just that she has too much hair and can’t suppress it.”

“Holy shit… Emperor Shi used undead and time-element super skills to transform General Mu Huiyin’s bloodline power into a heroic spirit and sealed it in the ruins?? Really??”

“Damn, why does this ruin look so much like the heroic spirit ruins of the ancient capital?”

This time, in the preview of “Lost History 001: Legend of Mu Huiyin”, the information revealed was that General Mu Huiyin of the hybrid race was tortured by the power of her bloodline, so she had no choice but to contract an ice-element pet to suppress her strength. By a freak combination of factors, she obtained the title of Ice Dragon General. At the same time, she displayed General Mu Huiyin’s tragic childhood and the suffering brought by her mixed blood during her growth.

Although an expert had already analyzed the previous video, after this time, everyone finally confirmed the reason why General Mu Huiyin erased her traces.

Because her mixed blood was not accepted by the world.

Indeed, before the era of Dong Huang and the empress dynasty, the mixed-blood humans had always been treated as foreign races.

Such a bumpy experience made many modern Beast Tamers sigh.

Their hearts ached for General Mu Huiyin.

However, what made countless Beast Tamers even more concerned was that General Mu Huiyin’s bloodline had actually turned into a heroic spirit form and even existed in the world??

It was sealed in the heroic spirit ruins of the ancient capital by Emperor Shi??

Soon, this news was completely confirmed.

Because the official account of Ancient Capital University reposted this video again.

At the same time, the University commented, “According to archeological discoveries, General Mu Huiyin’s heroic spirit was indeed sealed in the heroic spirit ruins, and the so-called heroic spirit ruins are…”

The Ancient Capital University account began to explain what the Heroic Ruins were.

Then, the main point came.

“Not only the heroic spirits of General Mu Huiyin, but the heroic spirits of the generals under Emperor Shi also exist in the heroic spirit ruins.”

“Our Ancient Capital University organizes students to go to the heroic spirit ruins every year to communicate with the ancient heroic spirit and inherit the will of the predecessors. Those with outstanding talent even have a chance to obtain the recognition of the heroic spirit and contract them. It’s better to act than to be tempted. Welcome to the archeology Department of Ancient Capital University next year. Hug.jpg.”

The conspiracy of the admissions office of Ancient Capital University!

No, it was a conspiracy!

All the Beast Tamers wiped their saliva and suspected that this was the recruitment method of Ancient Capital University.

Being able to come into contact with the heroic spirit ruins was indeed the core competitiveness of Ancient Capital University.

However, not everyone liked undead.

Even if its predecessor was an ancient sage, some Beast Tamers couldn’t accept it.

They felt that under the same conditions, it was inferior to other races. The dragon-element resources in the Imperial capital and the mechanical pets in Star Capital were similarly attractive.

Ancient Capital University had its own core competitiveness, and so did other universities. Every university could take out rare pet resources that were not inferior to the heroic spirit ruins to attract new students.

Moreover, the conditions for the heroic spirits in the heroic spirit ruins to recognize their master were indeed high. There was no doubt about this.

But this time, it had to be said that General Mu Huiyin was too charming. A hybrid human, red hair, red eyes, powerful strength, and a beautiful general. The combination of multiple labels made many Beast Tamers go crazy.

“I understand. I’ll apply to Ancient Capital University next year!”

“Is it too late to change schools now?”

“Damn it, I want to go to Ancient Capital University. My mom signed me up for Star Capital University.”

“I’m eight years old now. I can go to university in ten years. I wonder if I still have a chance…”

“Dream on. Also, Ancient Capital University, transfer me money.” Shi Yu looked at the comments and shook his head.

However…

During the National League, if everyone knew that he had contracted Mu Huiyin’s heroic spirit in advance, would he become the public enemy?