Chapter 382 - Killing In The National League (1)

What Shi Yu had experienced was the kind of thing that no one would believe even if he was telling the truth.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

Therefore, Yu Shu was tactful and didn’t publicize the matter of Dragon Palace City. In Yu Shu’s opinion, Shi Yu’s battle results in Dragon Palace City were indeed worth entering the top 100 of the Sequence battle. That Iron-eating Beast was a monster.

Not to mention these students, even Dean He didn’t know at all. He hadn’t reached that level.

However, he also had a guess. At least, he knew that Shi Yu had contracted the heroic spirit of the overlord race, Mu Huiyin, and the Butterfly of Imagination of the overlord race. He knew that Shi Yu was a member of Bureau 11. He suspected that these two pets might have completely grown up under the secret investment of Ancient Capital University and Bureau 11 and reached the monarch level.

The other students didn’t know Shi Yu’s identity, but they knew that the cultivation resources Shi Yu obtained were definitely much more than these ordinary students.

“Shi Yu, you know that only you and White Brook are participating in the individual competition this time, right?” Dean He said.

“Well… But hasn’t Senior Xu broken through yet?” Shi Yu asked subconsciously.

Among the nine major universities, it was said that including him, there were a total of 21 master-level Beast Tamers.

Apart from him, White Brook was the only master in Ancient Capital University. It was too much.

As the vice president, why was Senior Xu Ze so weak?

Xu Ze: “?”

Why was he being dragged into this? Damn.

It wasn’t that easy.

“The mission of Xu Ze leading the team competition is also very difficult,” Dean He said. “However, all of you still have to learn from Shi Yu. Shi Yu. White Brook isn’t around today. As one of the few contestants in the battle club who can participate in the individual competition, do you have anything to say to everyone?”

After the new rules of the National League were changed, White Brook temporarily handed the mission of training the school team to Dean He. She returned to Wu Ling City to prepare for the individual competition. Her family also prepared some resources for her.

Shi Yu knew this very well. In his conversation with Senior Bai, he had already learned that White Brook had already strengthened three pets to the monarch level. They were the Immortal Feather Crane, the Nine-tailed Light Fox, and the Heavenly Light White Tiger. Although they weren’t male or the heir of the Wu Ling Bai family, the ruins space, the spot in Dragon Palace City, and then a large amount of resources were invested. Senior Bai seemed to be very favored in the Bai family.

“What I want to say?”

After a moment of silence, Shi Yu said, “Everyone… good luck?”

Everyone :”…”

Was it any different from not saying anything!

…

The next day.

The group from Ancient Capital University started to head to Demon Capital.

There was a mighty super team of more than a hundred people, including teachers and students.

As for the other students who wanted to come and watch the battle, they had to think of a way themselves.

Of course, someone with connections like Senior Panda must have been taken advantage of by Shi Yu for a public trip.

Before leaving, White Brook arrived at Ancient Capital University. However, when she heard from Principal Feng that Lu Qingyi was cultivating in the ruins and wouldn’t go to watch the battle, she couldn’t help but be very sad.

However, being able to stick to the beautiful panda senior, White Brook quickly recovered her good mood.

Demon Capital.

At this moment, a large number of geniuses from the nine major universities had already gathered in the National League Village near the East Sea.

Soon, the team battle and the individual competition final would be held in the East Sea Arena near the contestant village.

Of course, the venue of the individual competition, an island filled with ferocious beasts, was naturally elsewhere.

In the contestant village of Ancient Capital University, after everyone arrived, White Brook, who had not seen her teammates for more than half a month, immediately gathered everyone and asked about the training and tactical arrangements.

Even though Dean He had already arranged it properly, she was still worried and planned to check again.

Shi Yu also sat beside her in boredom. The more he listened, the less hope he had for the team competition of Ancient Capital University.

After White Brook dismissed the ten main team members, White Brook looked at Shi Yu, who was playing with his cell phone in the corner.

“How’s your preparation?” she asked.

“Not bad.”

“What are you doing?”

“Looking at the video edited by Buggy… It plans to post Mu Huiyin Legend Two…”

The corners of White Brook’s mouth twitched. So, the National League was around the corner, and it was fine if this guy’s pet didn’t train seriously… But it actually didn’t even rest and was doing this?

Although… she had also subscribed…

“Don’t you have any sense of urgency?” White Brook asked.

“It doesn’t matter if it’s others, but there’s still Gao Xuan!”

Gao Xuan, a super monster who was only 21 years old and ranked in the top 20 of the Sequence Battle, couldn’t be ignored.

The Sequence Competition Committee ranked Shi Yu’s battle results in Dragon Palace City at more than 80 and Gao Xuan at more than 20. This meant that Gao Xuan definitely had hidden trump cards and stronger battle results.

“Don’t worry, my goal is the same as Senior Lu. It’s the world competition. If I can’t kill indiscriminately in the National League, I don’t have to go to the world competition.” Shi Yu was very serious.

He didn’t underestimate the enemy. The number of trump cards he had prepared was definitely not what the beast-eared girl could imagine.

White Brook: !!!

Damn it, he was bullying her for not being qualified to go to the World Tournament.

“Your pets are really at the monarch level,” she asked.

“Yeah.” Shi Yu smiled.

When they were in their natural state, at least.

Apart from that, he had a bunch of fancy combinations.

“Alright then.”

White Brook sighed and felt a little tired. Compared to worrying about Shi Yu, she should worry about herself first.

…

At this moment, geniuses from various top universities were gathered in the National League’s contestant village.