Chapter 389 - Deterrence That Exceeded Transcendent (5)

Boom!!!

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

With Eleven’s roar, the sky immediately exploded with a loud bang that resounded through the sky. A shocking bolt of lightning swept across the sky and emitted incomparably dazzling lightning, like a divine judgment.

An incomparably terrifying bang instantly appeared in the hearts of the 100,000 ferocious beast army that rushed over one after another. It resounded in their ears. The explosive deterrence exploded their minds, hearts, souls, and bodies, making their pupils turn white. They fainted one by one. Before they arrived at the location of the ginseng baby, their consciousness collapsed uniformly!

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! 100,000 thuds fell to the ground. It was almost like an earthquake as it resounded in this place. Be it transcendent, commander, or even the ten monarch-level ferocious beasts in the beast tide, after witnessing the deterrence lightning that flashed in the sky, all of them lost their ability to fight without exception. Their eyes turned white from fear. For these ordinary monarchs with less than two million energy points, ordinary monarchs whose deterrence proficiency level had yet to reach perfection, this shocking lightning was the difference between a god and a mortal. It was impossible to surpass.

The hundred-meter-tall beast looked down at the fallen ferocious beasts and instantly killed 100,000 ferocious beasts. To Eleven, there was nothing to be proud of. Its full-level royal deterrence might only be useful in this situation. It couldn’t be helped. Although its deterrence level was very high, in the team internal competition, its teammates were also transcendent-level deterrence. It was really not useful.

However, for Eleven, it might be a very ordinary thing, but for the audience watching the live broadcast at this moment, it was an unbelievable thing that was enough to make their eyes explode and almost pop out.

“This…”

Looking at the 100,000 ferocious beasts that instantly fell to the ground with a thunderclap, even the ten not weak monarch-level ferocious beasts lost their ability to fight. The two hosts in charge of explaining the National League instantly opened their mouths wide, completely unable to explain this deterrence.

At this moment, the comments in the major live-streams stopped for a moment. Countless spectators looked at the scene in disbelief.

The audience at the scene was similarly confused. Not to mention them, even the top big shots on the platform were extremely silent.

Then, Zhong Yan took a deep breath and said in disbelief,

“This is…”

“This is a deterrence that has exceeded the transcendent level and reached a higher level. At the moment, this level of deterrence has never appeared on a Beast Tamer’s pet in the modern era. Only those foreign kings are qualified to have it.”

“This Nine Li Battle Beast… What’s going on?”

First, the fragrance slowly spread throughout the island, followed by a thunderclap. Shi Yu indeed instantly became the center of attention. Even from very far away, many contestants sensed the energy fluctuations here and were attracted by the commotion here. They carefully rushed over to take a look at the situation. One of the faster ones had already arrived on an elemental pet at a low altitude. However, he looked at the pets lying on the ground nearby with confusion in his eyes.

At the contestant area of Ling Du University, at this moment, the school leader of Ling Du University was surprised to see his contestant appear in the area where Shi Yu was playing on the blurry small screen. His eyes immediately widened and his gaze exploded.

Damn, silly child, run!!! Why did he go there for no reason? Don’t get targeted by that monster!!!

That kid wasn’t kidding. He… really wanted to attract all the monarchs and contestants to kill them together!