Chapter 386 - Deterrence That Exceeded Transcendent (2)

“Middle-level overlord race, Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast!”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

At this moment, the situation of Glass Island had already clearly appeared in the scene. On a plain, Gao Xuan, who was wearing a silver battle suit, was teleported here.

After arriving at Glass Island, Gao Xuan’s expression was calm. A huge spatial array appeared behind him. A handsome Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast mecha descended. It bent down and stretched out its huge hand to lift Gao Xuan up and send him to the cockpit.

[Gao Xuan, charge!]

[Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast, Handsome Explosion!]

[Champion, consecutive championship.]

[Sequence ranking 20+. Captain Gao will definitely be stable this year. It’s up to the Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast to kill!]

On the Internet, as Han Lu introduced Gao Xuan, it immediately caused a flurry of comments.

At the scene, the old principal of the Imperial Capital University and the director of the battle club of the Imperial Capital University were all smiling. Those Imperial Capital University students, such as Yin Zhengfan, who was sitting in a corner of the audience, also trusted Gao Xuan very much.

At the moment, all 21 contestants had arrived at Glass Island.

Shi Yu was no exception.

After arriving at Glass Island, he was teleported to the Yunying Mountain Range. The geographical environment was surprisingly good. The mountains were clear and the rivers were beautiful. Naturally, there was sufficient energy. The surroundings were clear, and his vision was wide open. Seeing this, Shi Yu was amused.

He suddenly had a bold idea.

Didn’t they say just now… that the more contestants eliminated in the individual competition, the more monarch-level ferocious beasts they defeated, and the more rewards they would get in the end?

If he meant if, if he could “pack up” the remaining 20 contestants on this island, would the reward explode?

What final? The preliminaries could just be the end.

It was still the same thing. If one couldn’t even kill everybody in the National League, why would they go to the World Tournament to hunt overlords and totems?

“Even hunting monarch ferocious beasts has rewards, but among these people, apart from Gao Xuan, no one should be so bored as to provoke monarch ferocious beasts,” Shi Yu muttered to himself.

After all, the reward for entering the main competition was even richer. Among the first place prizes, just the Hundred Transformations Stone alone was worth more than a billion. The rewards for the other rankings weren’t bad either. On the other hand, if they gave up everything to hunt monarch ferocious beasts and didn’t enter the main competition, it would be a huge loss.

“The competition authorities specially cleaned up the overlords of Glass Island, leaving behind an empty shell of Glass Island without overlords for the contestants to harvest resources. Then I won’t be polite.”

“If the others hunt another monarch, I’ll lose 10 million. I have to think of a way to move faster. It’s best if I can attract the ferocious beasts and contestants at the same time.”

He wondered how many monarchs there were on Glass Island. If there were enough, it would be a considerable number.

With that said, Shi Yu took a deep breath and made a decision.

At the same time.

After Han Lu, the commentator of the National League, spent a few minutes introducing Gao Xuan’s battle results, she immediately switched to Shi Yu.

As a host, she had also done her homework. Naturally, she had to choose the popular contestants to introduce first.

As the only two Beast Tamers who entered the top 100 of the Sequence battle, it was never wrong to introduce them first.

“The second contestant we’re going to introduce next, I believe everyone is not unfamiliar with him.”

“He’s from Ancient Capital University. He’s only a first-year student of Ancient Capital University now. He’s only 19 years old. It can be said that he’s the youngest contestant in this competition. More importantly, although he’s young, his achievements are very legendary. He’s a first-year student of the archeology Department of Ancient Capital University, Shi Yu!”

“When contestant Shi Yu was a Beast Tamer intern, he discovered the evolution method of the Iron-eating Beast through archeology. Later on, he even personally researched the important result of the evolution chain of the Green Silkworm cocoon, which was beneficial to the country and the people. He’s a very outstanding young talent. More importantly, contestant Shi Yu’s strength seems to be very terrifying.”

“According to the information, contestant Shi Yu has also signed up to participate in the Sequence Competition of the world competition. The Sequence Competition Committee even set contestant Shi Yu’s initial ranking at 81. This is very unbelievable. Now that contestant Shi Yu has appeared here, perhaps he has already proven his strength like us… A master below the age of 20 is still very rare. Next, let’s see how contestant Shi Yu performs.”

“Uh.” Just as the commentator Han Lu finished speaking, Shi Yu began to summon his pet in the scene.

Unlike Gao Xuan, Shi Yu didn’t directly summon an ace battle beast that could be used to escort him to kill everyone.

With countless eyes staring at the live broadcast screen, Shi Yu stretched out his hand and summoned a… ginseng baby?

A small ginseng baby appeared in Shi Yu’s hand, making most of the audience fall into deep thought.

[Baby Ginseng?]

[What’s going on…]

[He’s tired before it starts?]

It was fine if he came to a dangerous wild area and didn’t summon his pets to protect himself, but what did he mean by summoning a ginseng baby??

Moreover, a genius who had entered the top 100 of the Sequence competition contracted a ginseng baby?

“As expected of you.” In Ping Cheng, although the young Beast Tamers who had participated in the supplement heat and imitated Shi Yu’s method had become useless themselves, they were very emotional when they saw Shi Yu, who was getting stronger and stronger, taking out the supplement immediately.

They lost!

Of course, these were all people who didn’t understand Shi Yu. They only felt that Baby Ginseng was a transcendent race and a supplement.

Those who had a deeper understanding of Shi Yu, such as students from Ancient Capital and Imperial Capital University, froze when they saw this ginseng baby.