Chapter 395 - The Lucky Person Who Was Crushed By The Slime (5)

However, this water cannon was, after all, Susu gathering the power of nature and mobilizing the sea stored in its body. It was also wrapped in a powerful attack of deterrence. It was not something the opponent could block at all. Even after being strengthened by the Beast Tamer, the energy value of this Dragon Tornado Sparrow was still less than half of Susu’s.

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

ZIn the face of this attack that contained terrifying deterrence and water-element power, the moment the white Wind Jade made contact with it, it was immediately like a balloon falling into a waterfall. It was torn into pieces by the water and finally swallowed.

The water cannon hit the Tornado Sparrow.

In an instant, under the Dragon Tornado Sparrow’s sudden expression, its entire body was swallowed by the water cannon and charged into the distance!

Boom…

The entire valley shook!

Because the water cannon directly charged the Dragon Tornado Sparrow into the mountain wall. The moment the two parties touched, the entire mountain instantly collapsed because of this water cannon. The rumbling sound was like a tsunami and an earthquake.

The mountain wall cracked, the ground rumbled, and a storm fell from the sky. Scattered deterrence waves flew in all directions, and the Tornado Sparrow slowly sank into the newly formed small lake, accompanying the gravel. Its expression was tragic, and it completely lost its ability to fight.

As for Li Qiu, who had brushed past the water cannon, he also stood on the spot in a daze. He felt the cry of the Dragon Tornado Sparrow that had lost its battle power, and his mind went blank.

“Ning! (Surrender!)” Seeing that this Beast Tamer wasn’t very smart, and that his reaction was slower under the deterrence… It didn’t continue attacking and was extremely considerate.

At this moment, Li Qiu had indeed lost his ability to think. He didn’t understand what this Water Slime was.

It was a wild ferocious beast, right? But then, which wild ferocious beast looked like this and was so strong?

Li Qiu had never heard of anyone contracting a Water Slime, and it was a Water Slime with such abnormal strength. Most importantly, he had never even seen this little guy’s Beast Tamer.

At this moment, Li Qiu was unwilling to face the truth. He only felt that he was still in a dream. The National League would only begin tomorrow.

Although the other spectators didn’t have their values shattered as directly as Li Qiu, when they saw a Water Slime erupt with such powerful strength and instantly kill the high-level monarch-level Dragon Tornado Sparrow that had been strengthened by the Beast Tamer in one hit, their minds also rumbled and they were extremely shocked.

“This, this, this, this…”

“I’m a little doubting my eyes now.”

The two commentators were once again unable to explain the situation in front of them.

“This is a f*cking Water Slime???”

At that moment, as the encounter between the Water Slime and Li Qiu turned into a conflict and ended with Li Qiu being crushed, the teachers and students of Spirit Capital University were confused. This, this, this, who could tell them what was going on!!

It was fine if Shi Yu’s Butterfly of Imagination was strong, but why was this Water Slime so unscientific!!

Everyone looked at the Tornado Sparrow that was insta-killed.

This was undoubtedly Li Qiu’s trump card. It had been insta-killed. They didn’t doubt at all that even if Li Qiu summoned all his pets, he still couldn’t escape the fact that he would be killed and shattered by this Water Slime.

This was not the same dimension at all.

Silly child, they told him to run, why didn’t he listen? Look, wasn’t he going to be the first unlucky person to be eliminated? Moreover, he was eliminated alone by a pet raised by the Beast Tamer. How depressed would he be if he knew the truth after coming out?

In the previous National League, under the same level of monarchs, only Gao Xuan’s Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast had such strength.

But this time… there was a random Water Slime??

Not only Spirit Capital University, but the teachers and students of the other universities also looked at the scene in shock. Only the Imperial Capital and Ancient Capital University were extremely silent. They only felt that this situation was both familiar and unfamiliar.

Obviously, this didn’t make sense!