Chapter 391 - The Lucky Person Who Was Crushed By The Slime (1)

“Now, the race level of his Iron-eating Beast has already reached the high-level overlord race. It’s the indisputable strongest race, a true beast king. It’s normal for it to have such a performance.”

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

As soon as Principal Feng finished speaking, the entire Dong Huang Domain trembled again. Countless spectators looked at the old man on the screen in disbelief.

Everyone was naturally not unfamiliar with this person.

The principal of Ancient Capital University, one of the most famous big shots in the archeology world.

There was no reason for everyone to not believe what he said.

Shi Yu had discovered the iron-eating beast’s overlord race evolution method after the Iron-eating Beast King evolution method?

Iron-eating Beast King?

High-level overlord race???

Legend had it that Beast Tamer Emperor Wu had also wanted to use the Iron-eating Beast as a trump card?

As the old principal of Ancient Capital University revealed this news, countless people widened their eyes and looked at the little Iron-eating Beast on the screen in disbelief again.

Holy shit, holy shit, holy shit, high-level overlord race???

Didn’t Shi Yu already contract a Butterfly of Imagination of a middle-level overlord race? He actually had another monarch of a high-level overlord race?

Higher than the race level of Gao Xuan’s Ultimate Holy Dragon Beast???

F*ck, no wonder Shi Yu could be ranked 81st by the Sequence Competition Committee!!!

Everyone believed the racial level mentioned by Principal Feng without a doubt, because if it wasn’t a beast king of a high-level overlord race, the deterrence that instantly killed a beast of the same level just now was impossible to explain.

Now, everyone looked at the screen and was deeply shocked. The Iron-eating Beast King was so strong.

Shi Yu was so strong.

If nothing went wrong, from today onwards, the Iron-eating Beast race would immediately become the target of all Beast Tamers! It would be even crazier than before!

At the side, the panda senior was still excited. Alright, alright!!!

She started planning for the incoming panda popularity.

…

The level of attention in the National League couldn’t be said to be small. This royal deterrence, together with Principal Feng’s certification, instantly made the reputation of the Iron-eating Beast King sweep through the country.

This made Yu Shu, Yin Zhengfan, and the others, who had fought Shi Yu in the vocation assessment from the start, silent and at a loss.

It felt familiar.

Back then, Shi Yu had promoted the archeological discovery of the iron-eating beast’s evolution in the vocation assessment.

Again?

Addicted?

If he really went to participate in a world competition, would he go to the world competition to promote archeological discoveries again and show off to the totem clans?

“This old man…” Director Zhong looked at the smug Principal Feng and felt a sense of loss. Good lord, this old man had really picked up a super genius this time.

Beside him, President Xia was a little stunned. In his impression, it was already impressive that Shi Yu could nurture a pet like the Butterfly of Imagination. In the end, there was an even higher race??

“Hey, hey, hey, no way…” Legend Xiao Shuang was also silent. Although she was shocked, at this moment, compared to the Iron-eating Beast, she was still more concerned about that ginseng baby!

Did these people forget something?

That ginseng baby instantly summoned 100,000 ferocious beasts. No, the ferocious beasts from other places on the island were still coming over one after another. It was also very terrifying, even more terrifying than that Iron-eating Beast, alright? Moreover, it had a battle record that was suspected to have crushed two overlords…

[Why do I suddenly feel that Captain Gao is unstable?]

[F*ck, I’ve only seen high-level overlord races on television.]

[Captain Gao is definitely stable. Don’t forget, the most impressive thing about mechanical pets is that they can fuse with Beast Tamers. Moreover, Captain Gao has the same Beast Taming Talent as that person.]

Many supporters of Gao Xuan from Imperial Capital University suddenly wavered.

However, a large portion of them still believed that Gao Xuan was stronger.

“Contestant Shi Yu has once again made us understand his astonishing achievements in the archeological field.”

“Iron-eating Beast King, the Iron-eating Beast King that instantly killed 100,000 ferocious beasts. Impressive!!”

The host, Han Lu, and Gu Yu, were very teary-eyed. This wasn’t their fault. They couldn’t explain anything about this new archeological discovery that hadn’t been announced.

Fortunately, at this moment, there was other content to explain.

“Contestant Shi Yu’s ginseng baby is still continuing to create fragrance. Thunder is also continuing to rumble above contestant Shi Yu. Apart from absorbing a large number of ferocious beasts nearby, the huge commotion here seems to have also attracted some contestants.”

“I originally thought that it would still be a while before the contestants would meet, but I didn’t expect that because of the commotion created by contestant Shi Yu, the distance between the two contestants would be at the stage where they were about to encounter each other so quickly.”

This change surprised the two commentators again. Damn, they had only introduced two of the 21 contestants. They originally wanted to finish introducing them for a while, but now it looked like they had to get to the point.

The entire Glass Island was 40,000 square kilometers, larger than several Demon Cities added together. They didn’t expect the contestants who had deliberately scattered could encounter each other so quickly. As expected, apart from deliberately attracting ferocious beasts, this Shi Yu was also deliberately attracting contestants from other places on the island!

“Let’s see which contestant is closer to contestant Shi Yu…”

The scene changed.

What entered the screen was a green pet more than three meters tall. It looked like a large sparrow. Although it looked like a bird, if one observed carefully, they could tell that it wasn’t an animal, because its body and every feather was like a green tornado, fluttering messily.