Chapter 397 - Butterfly With Physical Strength Comparable To A Dragon (1)

Was Li Qiu weak?

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

In terms of pet growth level, there was naturally nothing to say about the monarch level.

In terms of race level, apart from Shi Yu, Gao Xuan was the only one among the students of the nine major universities who had contracted an overlord race pet. Therefore, high-level monarchs were already the top batch, they were naturally not weak.

In addition, Li Qiu could strengthen the pet’s energy level to more than two million through the pretty good talent he developed. Among the master-level contestants of the nine major universities, he was definitely not weak.

Therefore, it was completely because the other party was too abnormal.

At this moment, Li Qiu clearly realized how much he had experienced.

Li Qiu listened to the key words “Shi Yu”, “the Water Slime sent out”, and “the first to be eliminated”. He also saw the Water Slime standing on the huge rock and looking at the sky. His gaze and mentality slowly changed from confusion to explosion…

His expression gradually became ferocious.

“Ah…”

Damn, that Water Slime was Shi Yu’s???

The school leaders of Spirit Capital University cast comforting gazes.

[It’s alright, it’s alright… As long as the other schools are as miserable next, no one will care about our Spirit Capital University.]

[Look, aren’t the unlucky people from the other schools also heading in the direction of Shi Yu and Baby Ginseng?]

In fact, that was the case.

Those who were closer to Shi Yu were all pretty unlucky. Li Qiu wouldn’t be the last.

At this moment, the only thing that comforted the teachers and students of Spirit Capital University was that another figure was gradually approaching Shi Yu from the east. Clearly, it was also attracted by the commotion.

“It’s the vice-captain of the school team of Divine Capital University, Chu Yi’ang.”

The principal of Spirit Capital University’s tone was filled with joy.

On the side of Divine Capital University, when they saw their contestant rushing over second, their expressions immediately changed.

It was a huge dragon lizard with a horn that looked like a golden crown, and its body was covered in golden feathers. It flew in mid-air with a hedgehog-headed young man sitting on its rough body.

At this moment, the feather dragon and the young man were communicating in confusion.

“Roar… (There’s no mistake, it’s a lightning-element natural treasure!)”

“Roar… (The birth of thunder-element natural treasures is often accompanied by lightning. This taste, this array, will definitely be a resource above level-seven!)”

The Feather Dragon crazily painted a beautiful picture for its Beast Tamer. Go, go, go. As long as it obtained this, it would earn more than crushing ten monarch-level ferocious beasts.

“The competition authorities also arranged for natural treasures to be fought over by the contestants? Could it be that they want to use this method to stimulate the conflict between the contestants and accelerate the competition? If that’s the case, there might be other contestants nearby who will be attracted over. We can’t be careless. Be careful.”

As for Chu Yi’ang, he also believed in the feather dragon. The two of them carefully went over.

“It’s the Thunder Crown Feather Dragon and Chu Yi’ang!”

< Name > Thunder Crown Feather Dragon

[Race Level]: High-level monarch (Quasi overlord)

[Level of Growth]: Monarch Level

“Not good, that direction is…”

After many teachers and students from Divine Capital University compared them, they silently discovered that their contestant, Chu Yi’ang, and his pet were flying in the direction of Shi Yu’s Butterfly of Imagination!

If it was said that before this, when Shi Yu was mentioned, the first pet people thought of was definitely the Butterfly of Imagination!

This pet that allowed Shi Yu to be evaluated as having legendary aptitude… That was displaying incomparable light at the Butterfly Meeting and the Feeding Conference…

“I didn’t expect that less than half an hour after the competition, there would be consecutive encounters!”

“I have to say that contestant Shi Yu’s strategy has had a very good effect. According to our observation, a large number of contestants are gathering in this direction. Among them, the vice-captain of Divine Capital University, Chu Yi’ang, is the second contestant to encounter Shi Yu after contestant Li Qiu!”

The two commentators were very excited.

This was the first time they were explaining such a national competition.

They also admitted that Shi Yu really knew how to play.

This kind of direct battle with all contestants and ferocious beasts, telling the other party “I’m right here”, was too crude.

“However, the one who’s about to encounter contestant Chu Yi’ang and the others won’t be contestant Shi Yu himself, but another pet he sent in this direction, the Butterfly of Imagination!”

“Everyone is definitely not unfamiliar with the Butterfly of Imagination. This is one of the pets representing contestant Shi Yu. It’s a powerful butterfly-type creature with both mental and spatial attributes.”

“I wonder what kind of sparks will fly after it encounters contestant Chu Yi’ang…”

Glass Island, in mid-air.

Chu Yi’ang was riding the Thunder Crown Feather Dragon when they suddenly stopped. The Thunder Crown Feather Dragon and Chu Yi’ang instantly revealed serious expressions.

“Roar!!!”

The Thunder Crown Feather Dragon’s Thunder Crown was like a radar that could sense the surrounding situation through electromagnetic waves. Just now, they sensed the change in a powerful spatial magnetic field wave. A very strong ferocious beast was attacking!

Buzz!!!

Just as Chu Yi’ang and the Thunder Crown Feather Dragon sensed the change and retreated crazily, with a bang, under the spatial ripples, a huge butterfly-type creature descended!!!

A huge butterfly about four to five meters tall slowly appeared with a strong pressure.

It had incomparably huge wings. The entire surface of the wings was like white waves surging on the blue sea. Its color and patterns were very spectacular, like a piece of art!

At this moment, a string of beautiful white halos embedded at the edge of the huge butterfly’s blue sky-like wings shone. It was very dazzling and gorgeous. The moment it descended, its gorgeous figure instantly shocked Chu Yi’ang and the others.