Chapter 392 - The Lucky Person Who Was Crushed By The Slime (2)

< Name > Tornado Sparrow

Please continue reading on ΒOXΝʘVEL.ϹΟM .

[Race Level]: High-level monarch

[Level of Growth]: Monarch Level

< Introduction > It’s a wind-element life form. It can create a tornado with a flap of its wings. It’s extremely dangerous!

On this Dragon Tornado Sparrow rode a fully armed young man in a green battle suit. Everyone recognized him at a glance. After all, there were only 21 contestants in total. There were too few people.

“It’s the captain of the school team of Spirit Capital University, Li Qiu and his pet, the Dragon Tornado Sparrow!!”

Spirit Capital, the capital of elements, produced elemental pets. As the representative of Spirit Capital University, Li Qiu’s trump card pet was also an elemental life form, and it was the Tornado Sparrow known for its speed and destructive power.

At this moment, not only were Li Qiu and the Dragon Tornado Sparrow attracted by the fragrance, but they were also attracted from afar by the huge lightning just now. For a moment, Li Qiu and the Dragon Tornado Sparrow actually didn’t think that there were contestants nearby. Such a charming fragrance made the Dragon Tornado Sparrow’s heart pound. It only made them think that some natural treasure had appeared nearby.

However, the Blood-eating Ants, Killer Bees, Gale Sparrows, and other ferocious beasts everywhere nearby also made their hair stand on end and they shuddered.

“Something’s wrong, something’s wrong, something’s wrong. It’s definitely not as simple as the birth of a natural treasure. From the looks of it, they seemed to have fainted from the lightning. What exactly happened? For safety’s sake, we can’t go. Let’s observe and hide first.”

Li Qiu felt a sense of danger.

“Jiu!!!” However, when the Tornado Sparrow smelled the fragrance, it really couldn’t hold it in anymore. Its entire body was restless and uneasy. Under the surging airflow, the strong wind made Li Qiu’s lower body hurt.

Delicious!!!

The Dragon Tornado Sparrow shouted.

“Bear with it. With such a big commotion, the other contestants will definitely be attracted over. We can’t act rashly first!!”

Li Qiu didn’t have the strength of Gao Xuan and Shi Yu, so he didn’t dare to relax too much.

The restriction of his thoughts didn’t make him think that someone was deliberately fishing.

“Silly child, run, run quickly. Ah, right, right, right, don’t go. Turn around and leave now. Don’t be curious!!!” The teachers and students of Spirit Capital University said to their representatives in their hearts.

The principal of Spirit Capital University didn’t think that his student could defeat that little monster, Shi Yu.

At the first year of university, he had already contracted two overlord species pets, and they weren’t ordinary overlord races. What kind of monster was this? Why did Ancient Capital University pick it up?

Just from the battle results of entering the top 100 in the Sequence battle of Shi Yu, it could be determined that apart from Gao Xuan, the others were definitely not Shi Yu’s match.

“Although Li Qiu and contestant Shi Yu are the contestants with the greatest hope of encountering each other at the moment, Li Qiu doesn’t seem to have any intention of continuing to explore the truth. At the moment, there’s still a certain distance between them. If he maintains this, I wonder when they will encounter each other.”

When the host, Han Lu, saw that Li Qiu didn’t follow the direction of the fragrance and continued exploring the commotion just now, she couldn’t help but say regretfully.

“Wait, wait a minute. Although contestant Li Qiu hid in the valley and didn’t continue forward, contestant Shi Yu and the others seem to have suddenly looked in the direction of contestant Li Qiu!!”

In the scene, Shi Yu, Baby Ginseng, and Eleven, who were standing on Shi Yu’s shoulder, looked into the distance in Li Qiu’s direction.

Transcendent super vision.

With their extremely powerful reconnaissance skills, Baby Ginseng and Eleven sensed the powerful monarch-level energy wave that suddenly approached.

Although their figures couldn’t be seen at all, the monarch-level energy wave that spread could be clearly “seen” by Shi Yu and the others.

“The first opponent is here, but unfortunately, it’s not Gao Xuan,” Shi Yu thought.

Let’s get rid of the other party first…

Shi Yu thought for a moment and decided to take the initiative to attack.

Although the other party seemed to be hiding very far, Shi Yu’s pet could reach this distance quickly.

Apart from Baby Ginseng.

“Contestant Shi Yu is indeed looking in the direction of Li Qiu’s candidate…”

“Could it be that he discovered the other party? This distance… is unbelievable. Everyone, look, contestant Shi Yu has summoned a new pet again!!”

Three blue summoning arrays appeared around Shi Yu.

Under the dazzling light, Shi Yu’s other three pets also appeared in the audience’s vision!

The first thing to come out of the summoning array was a beautiful butterfly-type creature with gorgeous and exquisite blue wings that were less than the size of a palm.

The moment they saw this pet, although its size didn’t match, everyone still determined what kind of creature it was immediately!

Mid-level overlord race, Butterfly of Imagination!

For the first time, it was this pet that allowed Shi Yu’s name to be widely spread throughout the country. For the first time, Shi Yu’s personal potential was evaluated as someone with a super rare pet that could potentially become a legend!

Apart from the Butterfly of Imagination, not many people had seen Shi Yu’s other two pets.

One was a red fire sword spirit in the form of a spirit body.

This sword spirit was also very pocket-sized. Like Baby Ginseng, Mini Eleven, and the Butterfly of Imagination, it was less than the size of a palm and very small.

As Shi Yu’s pets were all at full level at multiplication, unless the racial characteristics were especially obvious, such as ginseng babies and iron-eating beasts, it was difficult for the audience to clearly determine what pet it was.

However, as expected, the group of pets in the form of babies immediately caused a wide discussion.

[It’s all in the form of a baby. Big Boss Shi Yu definitely has the heart of a girl.]